First WW3...now a possible worldwide virus emergency?! 2020 you got too much dip on ya chip
One upside to the China virus is the #of Chinese students who study abroad in US. Vast majority spent the last month in China during the holiday break. Most have already returned to the US within the past week. Say goodbye Academics and administrators. This is your AIDS
Hey, Canada: Just remember that racism and xenophobia are 100% ineffective in terms of virus prevention. Proper hygiene, on the other hand, does wonders. Thanks  to my TED Talk.
Scooter started the corona virus because China is Taylor’s 2nd biggest market
Nurse Gu has some advice for you guys, please take care with this terrible virus #diives #xingzuotemple #xingzuo_temple 
Thanks to continued rapid data sharing by @CDCgov, we've updated the analysis of #nCoV2019 at  with the genome of the virus from the case in Chicago. It clusters with several other viruses, but is still consistent with acquisition in Wuhan. 
It may be fucking gross, but you’ll never get a virus from Coors Light.
A WHO health emergencies former head UNICEF Ebola global response former lead Just dies suddenly in the midst of the beer/bat virus Not weird at all
before the corona virus kills us all, does anyone wanna admit they have a crush on me
me faking the corona virus so i get so skip school and get special treatment by doctors to treat myself 
Wuhan is 7th largest city in PRC; San Antonio in U.S. if new virus had appeared in San Antonio this month and killed 40 people in U.S. since, what would country’s mood be? Assuming the same or worse in PRC given distrust of government and lack of media freedom. #coronavirus
Toronto Public Health Better shut down the rest of the city before you infect the whole fucking country. This isn’t a little virus anymore.
i got the corona virus #gang
I’m not saying this virus is going to be the end of the world, but I will say that at the beginning stages of every massive catastrophe there were likely always people who wrote it off as nothing. And then one morning, BAM, everybody wakes up, and all of a sudden it’s a crisis.
JUST IN: China virus toll rises to 54 dead, more than 300 new cases 
Virus Outbreak: Canada Reports Its First Case - Bloomberg  …
at this point Malaysian either die because of the virus or killed by drunk drivers
If that were the case, doc, Team Stupid in Ottawa would have started interdicting inbound passengers, handing them masks with a directive to stay home (self quarantine) wearing the mask until they've cleared the virus incubation period ---> one week ago. That's not what happened
What is the actual story with the Wuhan virus? If only 1400 are ill: * Hospitals shouldn't be overwhelmed * New hospitals shouldn't need to be built * Cities should not need to be quarantined * There wouldn't likely be so many international cases So what's the truth?
personally i think releasing a deadly virus was a weird marketing move for corona
I might stop going to the opium den until this virus thing blows over
Friends, The Virus Bulletin archive from 1989 - 1991 in now live.  Really interesting papers which give an insight into the birth of the offense and defense of VX. 1luv -smelly__vx
Mfers drinking bat soup and eating snake wondering why they catching a virus
Anyone yang sakit tu boleh la cepat cepat buat checkup,don’t let the virus spreaded to other people. Pastu nanti mesti dia quarantine korang. That’s the only way to slow down the virus & please take care of your health.
LIVE China virus  up  …
How artificial intelligence provided early warnings of the Wuhan virus 
Wait I deadass have the Corona virus because the symptoms are all there... going to the doctors hopefully I dont die!!  …
Anybody else think of an icy six pack every time this virus is mentioned?? #coronarovirus
Video of a Guangzhou shop owner destroying his flowers because of no New Year Customers.Economic damage from this will exceed 50-75-Billion and expand each day . Major economic disaster , Our Prayers go out that the virus is cured quickly. Xi is not God, Time to realize.  …
What pairs well with the corona virus? Lyme disease
Here’s an up to date press conference regarding the novel corona virus. Please retweet to medical colleagues. @FamPhysCan @OntarioCollege @OntariosDoctors @CMA_Docs @canadanurses @NPAOntario @afhto @davidkaplanmd  …
*sings about the beer virus like My Sharona
You can have any virus you want, as long as it's a Corona 
imagine someone had the corona virus @summer gathering
China's top virus lab is in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak  via @MailOnline
Very interesting analysis of the new coronavirus emerging in Wuhan. tl;dr it is nearly identical to a bat virus species, and bears no hallmarks of human engineering:  …
Corona virus now in Toronto.
“It is not Christianity, it is a virus. And you need to know that if you want to deal with it. Folk have been convinced that racism isn’t just a sociological category but their religion. And they’ll die for it, or steal an election for it.” #PoorPeoplesCampaign
 on my Instagram “China is also killing Muslims so they can all fuck themselves and die with the virus” I really want to end my existence now
Every week it’s something new, last week it was war, this week some resident evil type virus out and about. All this and my landlord still want rent. Let’s just all live free cause it’s any day now 
If a deadly virus had arrived in Canada under Stephen Harper’s watch, but it was the weekend so he couldn’t be bothered, the media would have camped outside 24 Sussex with live broadcasts. With Trudeau, every reporter knows he’s lazy, possibly high, and they’re covering for him. 
BREAKING: PM Scott Morrison has announced there's no need for Australia to take action against the #coronavirus. He said "We make up only 0.3% of the world's population. Even if we're all wiped out by the virus it will make no appreciable impact on the world's population" #auspol
Virus doesn't have treatment. But, we can prevent it by applying good sanitation. Dr Dzul has mentioned during press conference yesterday, pls wash your hands properly with soap and clean water during this outbreak. It looks basic and simple but it's very important.
Holyyy the virus made its way to Toronto???? Y’all niggas STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM MEEEEEEEE
Corona virus confirmed at Sunnybrook Hospital in Toronto, please stay at home if you’re feeling unwell
Pneumonia is caused by infection like #CoronavirusOutbreak. Our immune system reacts to the virus by creating cytokine-storm. We can’t breathe as our lung air sacs filled with fluid making us ‘drowning’ inside. Taking shower at night doesn’t cause pneumonia. 
#BREAKING China virus toll rises to 54 dead, more than 300 new cases, says government 
Weird take. I'd personally be much more alarmed if they weren't being quarantined. I'm as staunchly in favor of civil liberties as anyone, but spreading a deadly virus is not a right.  …
This virus is serious. We need to remove him from office.
When you’re eating Chinese takeaway and you hear about the virus 
The virus has reached Toronto ?! Please stay safe out there! Use hand sanitizer, stay hydrated, don’t shake hands or hold hands with anyone. Avoid door knows and hand rails.
News: Corona virus is spreading The sun: Virus on my what?!
Probably That's How Started The Corona-Virus In China. 
Hearing sum bout caronas giving men virus this is why I only drink #stag
Absolute propaganda. For this strain of virus to occur you need to alter its DNA sequencing. Same family as SARS. You got a cure you say? Then you manufactured it in a lab and don’t have enough vaccine to treat your outbreak. I estimate next week 1M infected and then bad news.  …
Eh I hear they calling that China virus the kung flu
A deadly virus has entered the country. Trudeau is on a personal day. His 22nd vacation day of the month. But he's the best option we were told cause he went to some parades. You idiots will never learn. That shit doesn't matter.  person running the country matters.
bruh the Corona Virus is apparently in Toronto and im like sick af if I die make sure my videos get on drama alert
Dig into the history of pandemics to learn how a virus can spread and what we can do to stop future outbreaks: 
Your second @got corona virus
SPREAD THIS #coronavirus The Chinese authorities reported 15 new deaths in Wuhan, the center of a virus outbreak, including a medical professional in his 60s. At least fourteen people have been tested in the United Kingdom Here are its symptoms and prevention methods 
First World War III now a virus, who switched the game mode from multiplayer to zombies?
China after the virus became global 
This is fucking disgusting. people are dying, terrified over this virus and y'all are making a joke out of it? BLOCK AND REPORT @/btsvjan @/jiminphobe 
This corona virus sh^t sounds scary. Are we all gonna die soon??
BREAKING: Canadian government announces that the first Corona Virus Case has been confirmed in Toronto, Ontario. #CoronaOutbreak #coronarovirus #CoronaVirusToronto #Toronto #WuhanCoronavirus 
18) I am not drawing any conclusions about how this deadly virus ended up in Wuhan China, but it does seem strange that Dr. Qiu worked at the NML and with Mabworks, travelled to China, and was caught handing over other deadly viruses to the Chinese. Coincidence? You can decide. 
Accidentally introduced my physician to irony and now she wont stop DMing me "love to contract the corone of virus"
A Toronto Hospital has a presumed positive case of Corona Virus - the first in Canada as the global outbreak continues to spread. Ontarians are still at a low risk say officials at an announcement happening now.  …
#BREAKING: Ontario government confirms first possible case of corona virus in the province.
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE! THIS IS SCARY... PEOPLE ARE LITERALLY DROPPING IN THE STREETS FROM THE #coronarovirus #CoronaOutbreak Is this a man-made virus? If so, population control? Read the enclosed article. It’s in China, UK, US, Mexico  
The virus has reached Toronto, stay safe everyone
Yes... the Corona virus was INVENTED (just like AIDS) and has a PATENT Who is it patented by? THE PIRBRIGHT INSTITUTE 
CORONA VIRUS PATENT Dang!!! I didn't know what I was getting into this morning, but it went wayyyyy deeper than I expected. I found this stuff out in a few hours. Imagine what  out in the next few days and weeks.
United States is working to EVACUATE Americans out of the Chinese city #Wuhan China has now QUARANTINED 40 million people w/ 1,300 infected and is warning the nation is in a grave situation by the accelerating spread of virus that could KILL millions  …
I'm not sure if I can be safe. The virus has already appeared in my city, and someone has been infected by the virus next to my house.
Crazy virus in China that may spread outside of the country... "Fuck that save ben solo!" This truly is the dark timeline.
Why would they name a virus after a beer? 
There are far more deaths than reported The 40 deaths are only from Wuhan where the *official* death rate is >5%. Most cities have zero (possibly due to the slow progression of the virus). Totals will double data below is from Johns Hopkins, check it out  
Headline doesn’t reflect the story. The province of Ontario is preparing for the virus. Justin Trudeau is taking another “personal day”.  
Among 1409 people, 39 are recovered, because we can fight this virus with our immune systems, so the news is true. But it’s not wrong to question this kind of things, i understand.
WARNINGThis video is abhorrent in all the aspects but it is necesary to understand that, for people like this one, the world faces a new virus today. Do you understand what you could avoid if you don't consume animals? FFS!!!!!! 
MAIL: Airlift to save Britons trapped by virus 
inconsiderate ppl , u came from a place where all virus shit started & you didn’t even fucking bother to go doctor check first???? Where the fuck is ur brain, stop eating nonsense thing then maybe you can finally use you brain, highly triggered coz of them ppl life can be taken  …
VIDEO: Residents of Wuhan, the epicentre of China's virus outbreak, flock to pharmacies as the city and surrounding areas are placed under quarantine 
People are dying of the virus and some of you have the nerve to make a thread of it and think it is funny?? Are you kidding me???? Just know when to stop
First WWlll, now a virus? Bro who switched us from Multiplayer to Zombies?
corona virus being treated as a joke like you all did with ebola. not funny. no one laughed. plus you’re an idiot.
Wande Coal Turning Up To ‘Risky’ By Davido and Popcaan. Wande Coal knows what’s up ‘Risky’ is a virus 
In the midst of mounting global concern about a coronavirus, the Marshall Islands issued a travel advisory banning  directly from China, where the virus originated.  …
Guys it's not bat soup that spread the virus! It's trendy hipsters! 
why is it always the b!xches with ot7 in their profiles doin this shi t??? riddle me that. smh. not even a full 24 hours ago taehyung was telling everyone to be careful with this virus bc he genuinely cares and y’all uglies go  him to it? tired of y’all! 
Taken from under a video of ‘recent Chinese eating trends’ This virus is giving people licenses  out with their anti chinese racism is it? 
Retweeting this as all the panic driven video clips continue to pop up on social media about virus. Be very careful who you trust. Reread what POTUS tweeted yesterday. Who do you trust more - POTUS or panic propaganda? I trust POTUS!  …
LISTEN! Don't Buy the Media Hype Over the New China Virus. Keep your eye on the ball. Smokescreen. It's a distraction, folks. #QAnon #KAG #Trump2020 #WWG1GWA #ImpeachmentHoax #SchiffShow #FactsMatter via  …
US evacuating China due to virus threat.
earth patch notes: + added gender neutral bathrooms + buffed women employment to majority status + invalidated every dog show where a Samoyed didn't win + incel gf resistance raised to 100% (up from 95) - started Chinese virus apocalypse event  …
the way some people are being so racist towards asians, but especially to the chinese due to the corona virus.......... sickening
Don’t buy the media hype over the new China virus  … via @nypost
China has imprisoned more than one million Muslims in detention, so Allah Sheds a virus that has not been discovered yet. It has isolated 4 cities with a population of more than 20 million Chinese. "And unaware of what they going to do." indeed he sees everything and all knowing 
China is battling Coronavirus... They're constructing a hospital in 6 days to contain the spread. We're here shooting locust with live bullets. Let's just pray the virus  anywhere near Africa! #coronarovirus 
first WW3 now a virus ? we really went from multiplayer to infected
First Mexican victim of corona virus 
Did you know there's a BEER called Corona, like the virus!? - everyone on Twitter
Hong Kong declared a virus emergency and restricted links to mainland China as over 1,400 people were confirmed infected with coronavirus worldwide, most of them in China  
The virus is already all over China 
[Recap] Hong Kong declares Wuhan virus outbreak ’emergency’ – the highest warning tier  
You know what goes great with the Corona virus? Lyme disease
Does anyone know whether the government has taken steps to mitigate the risk of NZ being exposed to this deadly virus? If nothing has been done, it’s beyond  It’s negligence.  …
This is how effective propaganda can be; not only do many people like this believe China  “genocide” (it isn’t), but they also think that means people shouldn’t sympathise with a country suffering from a virus outbreak.   …
CDC Admits 'Rapidly Changing Situation,' Possible Virus Cases Being Monitored in 22 States  …
This new Virus is so scary that spreading around the world. Clients, please Do not book a provider if you are feeling unwell. Ladies, take care of yourself well. Health is priceless...
Ways to prevent getting the Corona virus: a thread
Gates Foundation was working with China. The “corona-virus” was manufactured in a lab in China.  …
Chinese Social Media Depicts Chaos in Virus. Authorities scramble to keep citizens calm amid the fast-spreading coronavirus,videos and messages from Wuhan,ground zero of the deadly pneumonia,reflect the atmosphere of growing panic in the quarantined city.  …
If the carona virus wipes out the human race at least Timothy Heller will finally be taken care of 
if you wear a crown while watching a total solar eclipse while drinking a pale lager while in a particular neighborhood in queens, ny, you’ve already got the corona virus only 3 ppl will get this send tweet
In  party fashion, China is trying to stop the spread of a deadly virus Capitalists would prefer to see the virus spread around the world I guess This is the logic of the regime-change lobbying leaders of the fake "human rights" industry  …
before the corona virus breaks out anyone wanna admit they have a crush on me
First WW3 now a virus? Bro who switched us from Multiplayer to Zombies?
everybody going full xenophobic with this wuhan virus my nigga issa flu, chill. & wash yo ass.
The latest on the coronavirus outbreak: 2 American universities with campuses in China — Duke Kunshan University in Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter, and New York University's Shanghai campus — have postponed classes due to the dangerous virus 
taehyung asks armys to take care because of the virus breakout y’all: here is my tae as that deadly virus thread 
"Hi honey, you're late, how did the virus-observing go? You seem weird tonight. The news said a hundred people have gone missing."
Your birth year predicts -- to a certain extent -- how likely you are to get seriously ill or die in an outbreak of an animal-origin influenza virus. Studies show that entire age groups have fared better or worse during past flu outbreaks  
You know what goes good with Corona Virus? Lyme disease
idk if i have bad allergies rn or that corolla virus
Ten simple precautions to protect you from contracting the Wuhan virus, by 
Was this corona virus named after the Corona beer or what
We don't know how bad the #ncov2019 virus is going to be -- overseas, and here in the US -- but we do know that the US is not prepared for a serious challenge. Here's the piece I wrote on the threat that  and what we need to do to get ready:  …
Since the case of virus and china mainland came to cyberjaya previously, i saw this banner at Galleria Cyberjaya. Who actually made this? And theres even Malaysia Tourism logo on the banner!! What the heck is happening? 
The world should shut travel to and from China down until China gets a handle on this Virus. Get ahead of it. #WuhanCoronovirus
PEOPLE ARE LOSING THEIR LIVES WITH THIS VIRUS. THIS IS NOT A MOCKERY. NOT FUNNY. PLZ REPORT. @/jiminphobe  
Any health care worker staying on the front lines of this #nCoV2019 is a hero, given how easily the virus can spread to doctors and nurses that are performing pulmonary procedures or screening panicked people in ER facilities. Rest in peace, Dr. Liang.  …
What you need to know about China's virus outbreak 
Forget the corona virus for the moment and let’s talk about the 5 Al-Qaeda terrorist with bogus papers caught in  into our country illegally.
1. I want to raise this so people will start to pay attention. The Corona virus in China is serious but @CDCemergency says it's not presently a major threat to the US. China has state controlled media. My best analysis is that the CCP is engaged in starting a panic. Why?
IMPORTANT FOR SKZ P1 for those of us that have skz hi touch, guys make sure to take germ-x and wash your hands asap after hi touch because of the virus going around, a lot of people are gonna be touching skz hands and also don’t touch your nose or mouth!!!!!
Chinese doctor treating coronavirus patients succumbs to the illness himself. @CDCgov has confirmed "it is monitoring 63 patients in 22 states," who may have contracted the virus. 
LISTEN. The virus has taking action. Instead of blaming their food, we should be preventing the virus as much as possible. Safety is more important right now. Instead of wasting your time on blaming them, help others get informed of the virus and its symptoms + its prevention.
PANDAS, spread pls: PlayM must postpone the HongKong Concert, There are security conditions, as well as Corona virus that has spread..I'm so sorry to say that but that's for the sake of the safety of Apink and PANDAS as well.. #Apink #에이핑크 @PlayM_Official @Apink_2011
Two weeks and this virus has already infected 1400 people!  …
6/ The virus is not floating in the air, with the exception of immediately after a sneeze. Face masks you see on people are only effective to prevent droplets, but it is  helpful. It does, however, stop you from touching your face. If it is wet, it will not work.
Regulations are needed in Ireland on the breeding, keeping, sale or supply of 'exotic' pets - wild animals are not pets! Sable kept as pet in Co Cork found to have rabies-like virus  …
Guess it's time to stockpile hazmat suits, face masks and hand sanitaziers because of the Corona virus...
5/ China is running out of equipment to handle the virus. China makes most of our medical equipment.
The Corona virus is extremely worrying. Experts predict several hundred thousand could be infected in a few weeks. It spreads much faster than the Spanish flu. China says it's a "grave situation" - 50 million quarantined WHY HAVEN'T WE STOPPED ALL FLIGHTS FROM CHINA YET???
Now that China is nearly totally locked down, the rumor is that the new virus is something that escaped from their germ warfare labs!
#techradio 1/2: #Wuhan virus; Sprint repairing broken screens; Home DNA kits sales down; Smart hardware expires; HP Instant Ink "subscription": #AppleWatch offers Gym Perks; Tinder Emergency service; London Facial Recognition; Emoji license  …
French automaker PSA Group says it plans to evacuate its expatriate employees and their families from Wuhan, the locked-down Chinese city that is the epicenter of a deadly virus outbreak. 
Pls everyone don’t buy coronas Until this virus goes away
China imprisoning Muslims Allah giving them a deadly virus
I didn’t stop the virus. Again, what’s your solution? You seems brilliant talking about drugs and the so-called antidote. If not using this HIV meds, what else can we use it? I’m waiting for your scientific answer so it can help mankind here.
Stop using the virus to be xenophobic. As for ignorant people thanking Allah for answering prayers, the virus is spreading everywhere. So many innocent people are getting it.
@ASBreakingNews Almost as though the Virus and the Cure were manufactured at the same time. Incredible.
istg i kill this mf first bfre the virus kills the mf . knn  …
This is a good map to track the Corona Virus. h/t @DeltaOne  …
can’t get the corona virus if i only drink modelos
Mfs can do anything but fight a virus smh  …
How did 1 virus manage to make like 90% of y’all on this site racist
even corona virus got that #1, Justin Bieber could never  …
first WWIII, now a virus?? mfs switched us from multiplayer to zombies
Some thoughts on the #2019_nCov situation: it is clear now the virus is spreading fast. We are now in 5+ generations of human to human transmission. It  apparent that the virus is adapted well enough to sustain such a spread in an efficient way 1/n
This Toyota Corolla virus is doing numbers omg stop streaming
I’ve also heard that the government is making it seem like it’s not that bad, but listen. The death toll is higher than you think, and so is the infection rate. THOUSANDS of people have the virus already and the virus is extremely contagious. Take this seriously please.
Caused by eating bats my arse! Stop appeasing China! They are the true world enemy not Russia! Officials Once Warned That a Virus Lab in Wuhan – Ground Zero for the Coronavirus – Could Accidentally Release It | Mysterious Universe  …
As a nurse, things like this can be very scary. Wash your hands, cover your mouth when coughing or sneezing, and move away from people who appear ill. For those near outbreaks or have contracted the virus, please stay safe!! #CoronaOutbreak
you're tellin me there's a virus in this corona?? 
A virologist in #Wuhan has been warning that the coronavirus could jump and create a second center of infection, in a major #China city. I didn't want to create panic by reporting this, but the quarantine of all Hubei suggests the virus is traveling fast and that could happen.
so far this year there has been a whole WW3 fiasco and now a deadly virus that’s spreading across the world. We are still in January btw
Protect yerself from the Corona Virus. 
white people will lose their SHIT over some overblown foreign virus and then turn around and not get their flu shot lmfao
i didn't expect malaysia medical staff can be this dumb too... where the fuck is your fuckin gloves maam corona virus can be transmit by direct contact kot yall surely aware about this at first place omg malaysia darul bebal ke ni  …
Corona virus has been confirmed in these countries - Australia - China - France - Hong Kong - Japan - Nepal - Singapore - South Korea - Taiwan - Thailand - United States Tell Buhari to kindly stay in one place DONT RISK OUT LIVES! @Fmohnigeria @FAANNIG @nigimmigration NOA
Saying the Chinese 'deserve' the virus for the Uyghur treatment by the government is like saying Muslims deserved to die in the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan because of what Al Qaeda does in Islam's name.
when the virus hits and you all die I'm going to rummage through your corpses for you phones and tweet from them. all accounts will still be active but it will be me behind all of them. twitter will finally reach its maximum potential.
it is some virus that hit the lower respiratory system, have the same symptoms as flu , but it hit hard, and kill 3% of its victims, and some new patients shows no symptoms till they hit the ground, take care and be safe
I’m really scared of zombies. Really really scared because why? Because I believe zombies it can be real. Humans can be zombies. And right now........ all this virus semua... Allahu takutnya
This corona virus is scary wtf
There is a Chinese virus out there infecting people and can  a serious threat. And the surprising thing is that it is not Tik Tok.
When you catch feelings online. It’s called a virus
First WWlll, now a virus? Bro who switched us from Multiplayer to Zombies?
My Prayers & thoughts Go our to the Children & Families in China affected by this virus May  the families of those who already perished & May they Rest in peace We are all human & one nation’s tragedy is felt throughout the planet WWG1WGA ...together 
My Summary - The 2019-nCoV is the 7th member of the corona viruses. 4 are benign. The other 2 have caused epidemic disasters (MERS & SARS CoV.) - Its an RNA virus and Zoonotic. - Causes death via ARDS from severe pneumonia. - Crown shaped virus. Corona is Latin word for crown.  …
When they say the virus is in town #CoronaOutbreak 
Breaking: Chinese government hires Theranos for blood tests Now says there are zero confirmed cases of Corona Virus Well played, XI #china #coronarvirus #pandemic @OpenOutcrier @DiMartinoBooth @GaryKaltbaum
Considering the alarming spread of Coronavirus in China, this is “food for thought”. When Bill Gates issued his warning about  “super virus” last year, I wondered why. Coincidence? You be the judge.  …
Everyone evacuating their citizens from the epicenter of the virus seems like a great way to spread the virus.  …
Don't worry, only a what seems like super contagious virus in a country with a billion ppl to spread it. We should definitely keep our borders open so stuff like this can cross in from poor countries 
So Ed, you want bring the virus that is killing the Chinese at an accelerating rate back to the UK?. No idea but sounds crazy to me. Anything Ed has to say about anything my instincts tell me he is always wrong.  via @MailOnline
Why won’t the #coronarovirus virus be so viral When y’all be eating this 
With a highly contagious, and deadly virus spreading like wildfire, I sure would rather be using #crypto - as opposed to touching a bunch of contaminated, disgusting paper money.
BREAKING NEWS: Cities across the U.S. are on high alert as two coronavirus cases are confirmed in Chicago & Washington, 63 people are tested in 22 states. Officials have said they expect that number to grow - the virus sickened more than 1,400 & killed 42 in at least 12 countries 
Govt Balochistan Health Departmemt with Centre for health excellence take precautionary steps for virus at Quetta airport and outside. 
When something urgent like impeachment or Carona virus happens we need the truth and desperately need an honest media Most of the media has  corrupt , biased and totally untrustworthy . What was once a great part of American’s uniqueness has  a disgusting trash bin
6: How long ago did the #coronoavirus emerge and start spreading? “the Adam (or Eve) virus from which all others are descended first appeared no earlier than Oct. 30, 2019, and no later than Nov. 29.” Basically 1.5-2.5 months of unconfined proliferation.  
i dont care about that virus, nothing kills me bro.
I hate conspiracy theories, but I gotta admit, I'm kind of liking this one; it's possible that the Wuhan virus has nothing to do with the wet market, and this is a lie and a cover for a disastrous bungling. The wet market is just a public place where ppl spread it to each other.  …
forget the virus, this is the most terrifying thing you will see all day 
Fascinating: an AI firm sent out the first warnings of the Wuhan virus, as well as predictions of where it would go next.  …
First WWIII now a virus? Bruh who changed us from multiplayer to zombies?? 
u gais should watch this movie sebab movie ni menggambarkan virus yg sedang merebak from Wuhan right now. Seriously movie ni best giler i really really  for u gais to watch it.
Just my wishful thinking.. hope @BillGates prediction is going to be wrong this time. However the mass traffic flow in China during lunar new year just  the problem. Hope that the virus is not a biological weapon as some conspiracies said. 
Expand your thinking. Optogenetic tech is literal mind control via  with a GMO receptor cell which can be introduced into the body on the back of a *virus.* 5G transmit/receive. Coronavirus + 5G in Wuhan. ?? Experiment? Gone wrong? 
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak. Toronto Sun: Don’t worry about it. #WuhanCoronovirus  …
sleeping all alone you wake up with a virus in your hands 
So six months ago a Chinese scientist who specialized in corona virus was caught sending pathogens from a Canadian lab to the Wuhan lab. Pure coincidence.  …
So there’s a virus in China ... that mean I can’t get my bundles ?
China's lab for studying SARS and Ebola is in Wuhan, the outbreak's center China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility that's  key in fighting the outbreak  …
China are building two more hospitals [ in a matter of days ] to deal with the virus Bc ya know, they have it under control. .
This corona virus news is crazy. Man!
From a virus's perspective, there's been a third revolution in the spread of disease in the last 50 years or so to match urbanization and globalization: factory farming (via @bopinion)  
Apparently that china virus survives on objects so whole of Liverpool will be dead soon thanks to all the aliexpress insta boutiques
Socializing with a group of people at my friend's house & someone just made a bad joke about #HIV (this person did not know I am living with the virus). Everyone laughed! My heart instantly broke! Obviously I had to put her in line, BUT why are people still so ignorant!? [1/2]
French doctor: Virus from China seems less serious than SARS - ABC News  …
ok the fuck? there's a chinese guy in my class and he sent a message in the gc saying that after he came back from china after christmas he started feeling sick and he alerted our university about this and he's like "could be the virus or could be the flu lol" IT'S NOT FUNNY KAI
Third-generation spread of #WuhanCoronovirus has been detected in Hubei Province in #China This means that this is the third generation of human-to-human transmission - remains to see if the virus is self-sustaining.
The virus, which broke out in Wuhan last month, has infected more than 1,200 people in 29 provinces and cities and killed 41 people in China, according to the National Health Commission.  …
@AndrewHolnessJM assists residents in Olympic Way in St Andrew to dispose of an old refrigerator. Today, he officially launched the national dengue clean-up campaign which runs for three days and is expected to help with the fight against the deadly virus. 
Ebola after finding out about the new virus in China 
Corona Virus boutta get a feature from Drake  …
whoever read this, you are going to be fine and forbidden from this virus, amen
I became extremely anxious about Uyghurs especially millions locked in concentration camps since the two cases of coronavirus confirmed in East Turkistan. The consequences would be disastrous if this virus spreads in those camps, their sufferings is already unbearable...  …
The Corona Virus is officially in the US. If you cough anywhere near me, there’s a 100% chance I’m hittin’ you with a Stone Cold stunner. Merica.
Oh my god what if this Corono Virus is actually one of their plans? The antidotes are invented at china, they send their people all over the world to spread the virus and in the same time, they can import their antidotes to those countries affected to get more money..??
no girls love me. i lost 31 levels and 28 diamonds. i hope the corona virus takes me out i dont wanna live anymore. 
orona virus jumping on me off of the package I ordered from aliexpress 
#coronarovirus Update last 24 hours: - 3rd case of Virus confirmed in France and Japan - Australia confirming 3 more cases bringing their tally to 4 -Malaysia and Singapore confirming 4 cases - Per china: Official number of cases stand 1371 Nationally, 41 deaths #China
MOH confirms 4th case of Wuhan virus in S’pore, isolated at Sengkang General Hospital  
The only doctors who can stop Corona Virus 
Israeli Biological Warfare Expert Connects China’s Wuhan Virus to Covert Biological Warfare Laboratory  …
I took this Wuhan virus lightly and even made jokes about it. But now I admit my actions were wrong. I am really terrified right now.  …
The China virus aka corona virus has spread as far away from China to Australia, France and the US now has claimed the life of a doctor working in a hospital in China. The coronavirus which causes pneumonia now has claimed around 40 lives and has infected about 1200 people 
I was home feeling extremely sick this morning so i went to the hospital just to find out i got the Modelo Virus
2020 is a disaster : iranXusa burning forest in australia corona virus now ebola virus ITS NOT EVEN FEBRUARY YET
The west tries to do the same thing by portraying Cuba as evil for isolating people with HIV during the 80s when little was known about the virus. But Reagan knowingly did nothing and 90,000 people died.
ALERT: Great read! There are now reported cases of Coronavirus near MEXICO in CA. Coronavirus Patented to UK Pirbright institute with Gates Foundation as the key donor, but ends up in China? And Gates recently tweeted a plague like virus will hit the world!  …
THAT'S IT. DAS THE TWEET. i was damn wondering how the people who was infected by the virus could be really REALLY ignorant and stupid to go to another country knowing that the virus is infectious and fatal, and yeah THAT'S THE ANSWER THANK YOU
No, you do not have #Coronavirus. You need to be in human contact to contract the virus and we know you don't leave your room
Traveling internationally right now I’m gonna get the fucking wu han virus ARENT i
the virus can only be contracted through human contact u will be fine
The Corona Virus is one way to end the protests in Hong Kong & elsewhere in the world I wish I believed In coincidences, but I don’t. The Corona Virus was diagnosed 3-4 months after a vaccine patent in November 2019 & a Corona ‘Pandemic Exercise’ in October 2019  …
First WWlll, now a virus? Bro who switched us from Multiplayer to Zombies?
Love is the only virus worth catching.
HK leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
I already told the girls we going pulling up the airport jusso. Imagine saving up fi carnival fi a whole year jus fi kunk out pan contraption virus 
The media is sensationalizing a virus that’s affecting less than .00001% of the earth’s population. Yes we should be mindful in maintaining our hygiene while being cautious of sick people around us, but I promise we not finna face mass extinction over this shit guys lol
Available nhi , valuable banno
sumpah temen temen on serious note... virus outbreak is one hell of nightmare... gak bayangin banget kalo those day would happen to one country. serius aku udah setakut dan separno itu. those zombie movies or anything could possibly happen
niggas so worried bout this virus like we don’t have McAfee and Norton
Just like that virus.
It's hard to tell at this point whether they intend to release this man-made virus worldwide or not. We know about the depopulation plan....killing 7 billion (or however many) is a big job. Keep your eye on the progression and keep your cool ffs, but to ignore is foolhardy imho.
And there's more... Patented virus. Biolab built a couple years ago in Wuhan prior to outbreak. Biological attack?  …
With genetic code of #Wuhan virus in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine. In 3 months, they expect to be testing the 1st of a number of potential experimental vaccines against the new #nCoV2019 #nCoV #coronavirus that is spreading in China & beyond.  
Singapore confirms 4th case of Wuhan virus; patient from Wuhan stayed at Sentosa hotel  …
I well wanna order a Chinese but don’t wanna get that virus
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
While @MinofHealthUG has put in place screening measures for #coronarovirus at @EntebbeAirport, it is paramount to know about the virus and take appropriate preventive measures. Knowledge is power. 
Oh my… “The deadly animal virus epidemic spreading globally may have originated in a Wuhan laboratory linked to China’s covert biological weapons program, according to an Israeli biological warfare expert.”  …
#모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 (Halt all artists' schedules) fandoms of every groups/artists are currently trending this hashtag to postpone the concerts/fanmeetings/tours etc all events (included overseas schedules) due to corona virus outbreak in south korea & several countries
"Allah sent this virus to punish China for the Uyghur genocide"  
No she doesnt. This is a prevention tak kira utk virus or whatever but this is now a necessity since nowadays many stupid people are unhygienic and can spread many kind of disease. Kudos and pls spread awareness utk people keep sanitizing themselves!
My God please bless the one who are innocent and keep us Malaysian away from this virus, video collapsed tu aku terbayang dia bangun semula astu kejar org
Malaysia reports fourth confirmed case of Wuhan virus  
4th confirmed case of Wuhan virus in Singapore: MOH  
In Zim it will take 10 years by that time the virus will have spread to Mars  …
I ordered some face masks from amazon, this corona virus is really scaring me!!! If there are any outbreaks in LA I’m just gonna start wearing them no shame!
First WWlll, now a virus? Bro who switched us from Multiplayer to Zombies?
Signs of Kiamat is near with all these deadly virus. My brothers and sisters, you know what to do. Solat taubat hari2, dekatkan lah diri dengan Allah Swt.  …
BREAKING US to evacuate citizens from Wuhan over coronavirus outbreak as China issues urgent warning China’s president warns virus is ‘accelerating’ and country faces ‘grave situation  …
Singapore confirms 4th case of Wuhan virus; patient from Wuhan stayed at Sentosa hotel  
this whole corona virus situation finally giving me an excuse to not leave my room 
China's leader calls the spread of a new virus a grave situation as cities scramble to stop the spread of the illness that has infected more than 1,200 people and killed 41. Wuhan is banning most vehicles from downtown and Hong Kong is closing schools. (AP)
This is how regime in #Iran detecting deadly corona virus in airport by checking passengers arriving from china! 
The virus has reached Israel  
The flu virus has killed thousands and infected millions this year but y’all still won’t get your flu shot......but yeah keep talking about coronavirus  …
When Xi warns virus accelerating in public forum, clear that danger escalating beyond control.  a macro event this week as people realize economic activity will slowdown. Copper collapse leading. Time for gold to shine. Let's all hope they can contain terrible situation.  …
Coronavirus is an airborne virus. Mainly spread via sneezing & coughing droplets onto surfaces but like influenza, can also spread from tiny aerosols exhaled through normal breathing. We don't yet know when it  contagious or whether its mutating into something worse.
I can appreciate how serious the Chinese government approaches the threat of a new virus even though it appears less deadly than the seasonal flu.  …
not the virus stans taking over 
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
If the virus will reach here in the Philippines, we will be in shut down. sa jeep palang daan, sa dalan, dali ra kaayu ni mu kalat. Medical facilities? not enough.I've heard about the news about a number of Chinese nationals are sort of evacuating here I FEAR MY FELLOW FILIPINO.  …
when the corona virus first break out i was like ok... but then the virus is spreading real fast and so many people are dead... currently no vaccines for the virus either now i’m too scared to even leave my house........ sigh
This wuhan virus is scary, everyone in affected countries pls take care and always travel wearing a surgical mask and keep sanitising your hands.. try to avoid public places as much as you can!
Coronavirus is causing panic. People desperately trying to avoid infection. I wish people made similar efforts to avoid the poverty virus, by refusing to go into debt for flimsy things like clothes, and cutting their coat according to their cloth #FreeLeahSharibu #RenosNuggets
why hasn’t trump said anything about this new virus??????????????? like ZERO STATEMENTS???
China's leader calls the spread of a new virus a grave situation as cities scramble to stop the spread of the illness that has infected more than 1,200 people and killed 41. Wuhan is banning most vehicles from downtown and Hong Kong is closing schools. 
DG WHO:"I thank the Government of #China for its cooperation and transparency. The government has been successful in isolating and sequencing the virus very quickly, and has shared that genetic sequence with @WHO and the  "  …
First WWIII, Now a virus Who switched us from multiplayer to zombies
Imagine breakup with someone because corona virus
More about CORONA virus and about how it affects mankind.. Alert for mankind.. Take care of basic hygiene and stay safe people...!! #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronoavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Hamayun Saeed ko corona virus hogya hai, he is asking Mehwish not to touch him
im so sorry but can the virus get into his body first before any malaysian kena virus tu? every other country also sekat pelancong from china, why malaysia cant do the same thing?  …
This will not sit well with folks who think sunlight is the best antiseptic but when the malady is propaganda, that is dead wrong. Propaganda is a fire not a virus. You smother it. You don’t provide it oxygen. There is actual harm done by endlessly circulating today’s lies.
Wuhan virus: Fourth victim confirmed in Malaysia   …
sorry but this Virus is 100% bigger than what we are being told, building works go in place for it means it's serious, the outbreak truth is not being told so it does not cause any panic or fear until it's hard to hide. I wish everyone to stay safe & healthy.  …
Just a little light online shopping to prepare for when that virus makes its way into Canada 
China has quarantined cities and shut major tourist attractions as it scrambles to stop a deadly SARS-like virus from spreading further 
It’s too late. The virus transmits before symptoms appear.  …
You know a virus is serious when autofill knows what you’re typing — especially after only four letters. Corona beer can’t be happy with all this. 
super cool how all it takes is a virus outbreak for nominally ‘progressive’ people to release their racist takes about chinese people out into the wild
Yesterday: China has shut down a dozen cities so hopefully they can contain this deadly virus... Today: China is closing down Beijing  …
CORONA virus outbreak in China,France,Mexico..and virus spread accelerating rapidly worldwide..!! All you need to know about virus.. Spread as much as you can.. Alert for mankind.. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaOutbreak #coronoavirus 
to everyone living in Asia especially in places tested positive of the Wuhan virus please wear a mask, stay indoors as much as possible, take care and stay safe !!
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
"The US are planning to break China's quarantine and potentially bring even more of the virus back to the States." Did I read that right?
China banned travel across most of Hubei province, impacting 59M people. Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus, is under total lockdown. Officials say no one can leave: 450 military medics deployed U.S. ordered all consulate workers to evacuate 
My Corona Virus in #PlagueInc is already infected 228,292,983 people.. Majority in China. Its already spreading to major countries 
Don’t allow ur throat to  dry as in 10 min dry coz virus can find way in within this time. Keep ur throat constantly moist. Drink PLENTY of water when ur throat feels dry. And this is a proper way to wear mask. #CoronaOutbreak stay 
“As news of a pandemic spreads, people who spread misinformation based on racial prejudice or hated toward specific countries are popping up. This disinfo will likely spread faster than the virus. Just as these ppl intended.”  …
A new coronavirus spreading rapidly in China has now killed at least 41 people. 1,400+ confirmed cases worldwide Australia and Malaysia reported their first cases Virus now detected in 11 other countries + Hong Kong 18 cities in China under transport lockdown 
Congenital infections: #CMV: Syphilis: Hepatitis C: Toxoplasmosis: Parvovirus: Enterovirus: Rubella: Malaria: Lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus: Listeria: #IDTwitter, what did I leave out?
Isn't it strange that a new deadly virus of unknown origin spreads from a Chinese city known to be one of the most active center for virology in China?  … #CoronaOutbreak #Wuhan And does anyone remember this incident?  
China Newsweek: it took 4 months for SARS cases to reach 1,000 but only 25 days for Wuhan virus. 
There’s one difference between the Wuhan virus and previous outbreaks in the region: China is now impossible to quarantine.  …. Excellent article by @Laurie_Garrett a “must read” to understand why quarantine won’t work in containing #2019_nCov
History lesson Coronavirus planned. History of virus outbreaks in 1720, 1820, 1920 now 2020  …
At midnight, what we know: Reports of talks to evacuate US citizens from #Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak; other countries incl France & Russia making plans too; Xi Jinping warned of ‘grave situation’ as #China said it will build a second hospital for virus victims. @NBCNews
Most Americans couldn't tell you what a virus is.
The ICTV Coronaviridae study group is preparing a manuscript on the naming of the virus ...  …
This is from one of the world's most prestigious journals talking about the Wuhan biosafety lab in 2017 "Future plans include studying the pathogen that causes SARS, before moving on to Ebola and the West African Lassa virus, which do"  …
“Evidence is emerging that officials in Wuhan deliberately downplayed the virus...Medical staff were banned from speaking publicly about what was taking place or accepting media interviews.”  …
I wish the media would stop with its sensationalist, hysterical reporting of Wuhan virus. Have had numerous family messaging me as they are concerned, this manufactured hysteria helps no one.
While all the news is focused on the novel #coronavirus let’s not forget about another virus that has caused >13 million illnesses, >120,000 hospitalizations and >6,500 deaths in the last few months. #Influenza #perspective
China's President Xi holds politburo meeting on curbing virus outbreak  
What do u thing about Corona? They are victims of the Corona Virus! 
Sometimes the infected ppl didn’t show any early symptoms. Sometimes they can pass the health screening thingy kat airport tu. And after about 14days bru nampak effect virus tu. Just ban the China tourist for a better precaution  …
#coronavirus #Thai airport still limiting virus scans as 7th patient reported “We'll do virus scans if China says to watch out for cities other than Wuhan & Guangzhou” The government cares more about Chinese tourists money than public health some say  …
POV: i caught you're staring at me, i woke up, we stared at each other's face, I kiss you, we made up, we kongkek, and then we eat whatever's in the fridge cause we ain't going out suiciding ourselves with corona virus 
Coronavirus at the WHO: How China’s increasing global power could be influencing global virus response – The Telegraphy  …
Thai airport says still limiting virus scans as seventh patient reported  
*China builds hospital in 10 days* South Africa... * Spends 2yrs arguing whether a virus can cause a syndrome * The R12bn budget escalates to R83bn * Chancellor House scores 50% of the bedding contract * 12yrs later Govt delivers a skidonks mobile clinic, claims huge victory
I used to react like that when I drank too much fizzy pop as a kid, but I thought the Corona virus was eradicated in the ‘90s. 
Fuck y’all that said 2020 was the year. We went from WW3 to Australian bushfires and now we got a virus threatening the world. Wakanda shit is this
Corona's virus are getting bigger. You need to reschedule their schedule. Pls, its for them. And for their fans too. @SMTOWNGLOBAL #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
OK I'm considering deleting it because it is apparently too believable that Blizzard would ban people for speaking negatively about a Chinese virus.
Oh nothing, just George Galloway repeating the centuries old Blood Libel. With no evidence. Literally none. Just in time for Holocaust Memorial Day. There is nothing the 'pro-Palestinian' movement won't do or say wracked by the virus of Jew-hate.  …
deadass might wear a mask to AO I don't want da virus
Virus anxieties cast shadow over Year of the Rat festivities  
Numerous posts claim the virus has been patented — and some even suggest, incorrectly, that the virus was made in a lab and a vaccine already exists.  …
If an egirl can get thousands of likes, how many can a brave victim of corona virus get? 
Obviously the Chinese government is authoritarian, but the idea that it shouldn’t take extreme measures when a deadly virus is spreading across its country and killing its people is absurd. It’s also dealing with a huge issue that might impact the whole world.  …
Tracking the Virus Outbreak’s Impact on Business and Travel 2,000 Chinese cities w/factories in BBG supply chain database, city ranks 13th, w/500 facilities. The province of Hubei has 1,016 - 7th of 32 jurisdictions. US firms have 44 facilities; Europe 40  …
Thai airport says still limiting virus scans as 7th patient reported  
India we have a problem... Deadly virus @ShekharGupta with a tattered image desperately trying to infect minds & brains of Indians... Worry not ! India has received a strong Antidote in the form of PM @narendramodi HM @AmitShah Chief @JPNadda... List continues #JaiHo  …
The #coronarovirus in China has been terribly mishandled, miscalculated, & under reported. Infections are much worse than being reported & deaths are expected to increase dramatically. This isn’t going away anytime soon. The question is: Was this virus weaponized & unleashed? 
Corona..... so disgusting a beer they named a virus after it!
Bitchhhhh what if this virus really wipes bitches out omg 
CHINA TO suspend domestic and overseas Chinese group tours from Monday to contain new SARS-like virus that has infected nearly 1,300 people. 
how dare the evil chinese government quarantine people with a rapidly spreading virus. they should be more like the US, where you can’t go to the doctor because it’s too expensive and you have to keep going to work when you’re sick and otherwise you  homeless
UK virus researchers estimate 250,000 people in Wuhan will have coronavirus in 13 days  
China’s leader wouldn’t make this pronouncement or take these measures unless it were EXTREMELY serious. We live in an age of easy global travel so be aware *Xi calls Corona virus a "grave" situation *48,000,000 people on lockdown  …
More importantly, the epicenter of this outbreak is just 20km apart from the the virology Centre. I am really worried that people took tested animals as food for sale in that market... and honestly China CCTV mentioned that they discovered a new corona virus back in Apr 2018... 
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
If this virus goes global it can eliminate half of the population on earth. Scary.
#티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 coronavirus isn’t a joke, even the pneumonia that isn’t caused by this virus is dangerous and severe enough to kill someone
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
. #coronavirus is different from flu virus. It might be able to spread it even if they do not have flu symptoms. But what we should really concern about is somehow how the virus mutates. PANDEMIC, a docuseries on Netflix enlightens us on how pandemic management should work. 
Because am tired of all you folks arguing with each other about who has more/first knowledge of what til now is a lesser known virus. Too cute this. 
Is this seafood market in Wuhan the source of China’s mysterious respiratory virus? 
Tw// corona virus This is so fckn scary bro people are just dropping like flies and there’s still no vaccine or cure 
choi jongho's smile is the most precious and prettiest thing in this world. when jongho smiled, i started smiling too. smiling is infectious, i catch it easily like the flu. im sure he's my happy virus. no matter how hard my day is, i will smile like an idiot after i see him. 
It is still in the first month of 2020 and many disaster happens -Australia burning -Flood in Jakarta -World War 3 threats -Volcanic Eruption in Philippines -Australia hail and dust storm - and the RECENT one is Corona Virus threats May God protect us from disaster
me: can i have one bottle of corona virus please barman: would you like a slice of lyme disease with that? me: no i just want the corona
The boys caught the flew not too long ago which means their immune system is down...perfect for the corona virus to attack #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
MERS and Wuhan are from the same family of corona virus. Hence  Nothing about race or religion. #Perasan
#Breaking | Principal Secretary to Prime Minister @NarendraModi chairs a high level meeting on Corona Virus outbreak. 
Virus tries to enter body WBCs : 
How China's increasing global power could be influencing WHO virus response  …
With a new virus in China, I’m sure we can count on the U.S. president to show leadership during the  …
Chinese people have been eating weird shit, live rats, dogs, bats, and anything they can get their hands on and all of the sudden they are sick from a virus supposedly connected to eating bats? Sounds sketchy when all of the sudden you don’t hear about the HK protestors anymore.
hi fellow yellowkies, please help me to deliver the message to YG regarding sechskies fansign and the virus outbreaks in china. perhaps they already read the news and some messages from us but i think we need to do more until they inform us that the fansign is postponed.
This is a great @sxbegle explanation of the clues experts can find from reading the DNA of the #2019nCoV #Coronavirus and how a virus can go from passing harmlessly in animals to sickening people  … via @statnews
Remember this movie and how she died due to the virus at the beginning of the movie? 
#Coronavirus live update: #China’s leader warns of ‘ACCELERATING SPREAD’ of VIRUS 48 million people were ordered on lockdown in central China with a travel ban covering 15 cities in the central #Hubei province Schools now closed in #HongKong  …
“We should rename influenza; call it XZ-47 virus, or something scarier” -- @DrPaulOffit. The coronavirus from Wuhan is new and looks serious, but so far it's nowhere near as dangerous as the flu. Smart story by @LizSzabo of @KHNews  … via @usatoday
To all Treasure Makers around the world! Here are the things that you need to know about this deadly virus. Please wear masks and observe proper sanitation. And if you are feeling the stated symptoms below please visit the hospital and get yourself check and tested. Stay safe. 
*NEW VIDEO* I've been sick for so long now that I decided to BECOME the sickness! ►THE WORLD'S *WORST* OUTBREAK EVER! | Plague Inc (Worst Case Scenario Virus) 
Good summary article for the Corona virus if anyone is curious...  …
Okay so it actually says that the fans were asking MBK Ent. to postpone their activities because of the outbreak of Wuhan Corona Virus in Korea. #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 
This Coronavirus could probably be a BioWar as showed in this film. Probably few countries funded to produce this virus and let it out . Probably they alr have that cure for it. That cure will be a rising industry meanwhile. Just business. Mindfucked?  …
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak  
If this virus  an issue here, do you feel confident that the Trump Regime will be able to handle it?  …
Epidemiology data People quote Ro... what does it mean? It’s a measure of how many people one person is likely to infect. Here’s a chart  diseases for reference. Given the limited data set it’s not clear how contagious the virus is, but estimates are centering on ~2-3 
Corona virus was PATENTED in 2018 by Pirbright Corporation. Bill & Melinda Gates major donors? 2 min video. Knowledge is Powerful.  …
some information about the corona virus: everybody please take care of yourselves!! 
S’pore biotech firm to launch Wuhan virus detection kit by Feb. 1, 2020  
they probably already have plans but i do hope for theyre safety and health especially their events, hi touch and fan meetings, include interactions and being in crowds of people :( stay safe too for everyone especially those living in countries with cases of the virus already!!
If it turns out they stole the virus, shipped it to China, then failed to control it, that would be poetic justice, Confucian style.
looking up the symptoms of corona virus 
Friendly reminder (as I’ve fielded lots of questions from clinicians this week) Coronavirus is a normal, circulating seasonal respiratory virus in the US. If you’re seeing (+) RVPs for coronavirus and that person doesn’t have relevant travel hx/exposures - no need to fret!
Hey ER guys - docs, nurses, RT’s etc - on the front line. What is the opposite of a playoff beard? We all need to get clean shaven till this corona virus passes! Masks gotta’ fit right! 
Korea trends are most likely about asking groups to cancel their schedules (concerts) due to virus spreading quickly We elfs did trend something last day asking to cancel or postpone SS8 hk because it's risky to sj and elfs' health 
please spread these hashtags! wayv has a cafe event on the 31st and nct dream has the dream show in macau. sm should cancel/postpone them in order to protect everyone’s health from the corona virus #웨이션_일일카페_취소해 #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
7 minute cctv evening news report on the politburo  meeting about the virus outbreak  … when was the last time a news report included video from a  meeting?
A virus spred because of themselves
*2020* ww3 *2020* Iran war *2020* Australian fire *2020* Corona Virus All of this is happening and January isn’t even over yet
WUHAN: Death toll 41. Soldiers/police with machine guns. Armoured vehicles on streets. This is looking more like a major accident at a facility or something a lot more than a naturally occurring virus doing its rounds. Something big has happened they're not admitting I feel. 
Coronavirus ALERT: The mountain roads around Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, are blocked. More than 59 million people are isolated from the world. Already 41 dead and 3 cases in France. The incubation period for the virus is 15 days. #Wuhan#coronavirus#Virus 
URGENT: #CHINA- Xi Jinping, Chinese President: • Says that situation is VERY serious • China as a whole now on travel ban • China is facing a dangerous situation • Virus spreading rapidly
US warned virus could 'escape' from lab near coronavirus epicentre  … @MetroUKから
Nipah Virus is from... bats. Ebola Virus is from... bats. Marburg Virus is from... bats. Hanta Virus is from... bats. SARS is from... bats. MERS is from... bats. Coronavirus is from... bats. People in Wuhan were eating... 
Eating 1.5 kilograms of cheap Chinese food in the mall as to prepare myself for the Corona bioweapon virus while my bro who is on a strict diet looks at me absolutely horrified
K-ATINYs want to postpone ATEEZ's world tour due to the corona virus, please held spread the word with this hashtag because we want both ATEEZ & ATINY to be safe #에이티즈_월드투어_미뤄
The new virus from China has the world on edge because it’s a close cousin to viruses that killed hundreds. While it’s too early to tell if this latest threat will prove as deadly, one key to stopping the virus will be learning about milder cases. 
infected patient from china , tried to escape from hospital in HK and attack medical staff, threaten to spread his own virus to them 
This is really serious. This virus has affected over 1400 people, doctors have been affected by it as well. I know rescheduling will be hard but health is more important. Please keep spreading this ht carats. #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해 @pledis_17 @pledis17_STAFF
Please keep safe Kuanlin-ah. We are here really worry about you ㅠ ㅠ Please be healthy and not to get infected with those scary virus ㅜㅡㅜ 
5G is a virus  …
Stock markets don’t seem to have grasped the scale of and economic disruption from the Wuhan virus outbreak.
The Corona Virus in its purest form 
Got this from CDC Is 2019-nCoV the same as the MERS-CoV or SARS virus? A: No. The recently emerged 2019-nCoV is not the same as MERS-CoV or SARS. There are ongoing investigations to learn more. Same family but different strains. #HealthxPH
It’s called “drama,” which is badly needed, because there appears to be nothing very special about this outbreak of the 2019-nCoV or Wuhan ­virus. It should actually be called the DvV, or Déjà vu Virus, because we have been through these hysterias before.  …
For those who don’t know, a simulation was run in October and this virus has been predicted to kill 65 million ppl. This is a man made biological weapon.
a student on my campus came back with the virus and is being quarantined inside the dorms send help, 2020 was supposed to be my year not I Am Legend  …
#BREAKING President Xi warns virus is 'accelerating', country facing 'grave situation': state media 
Here are some info about the Corona Virus...Even though it hasnt reached your country PLEASE DONT TAKE THIS LIGHTLY You may never know if you are gonna be the next victim #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 
Malaysian ARMYs and ARMYs all over the world, please take a good care of yourself!! The Corona Virus is spreading more and more to other countries There's no vaccine for this virus yet. If you feels like you have these symptoms, do a check up at the hospital! 
I'm shocked the UN isn't blaming the Corona virus on climate change. #JustSaying
The spread of Corona virus isn't something to be downplayed. And since they weren't able to prevent it from spreading, it is said that it might even be 10x worse than SARS.. Just because it isn't in your country yet, doesn't mean it's not something to be worried about.
The opposition lawmakers in #HongKong call for the immediate shutting down all border crossings with mainland China to stop #Wuhan virus outbreak  …
They decided to cancel the second demonstration and not give it a date notice because of corona virus. they are afraid that if they keep doing the demonstration they will get different reactions from the media  …
HKU expert Ho Pak-leung tells RTHK that people should be stopped at the border if they  from areas where there have been large outbreak of the #Wuhan virus  …
Perhaps the real reason for the virus China was on the brink of revolution There was no end to the Hong Kong protestors & it was starting to spread mainland & police could not use force because the World was watching Now cities are locked down Traveling heavily controlled  …
I have this uneasy feeling that China is hiding the actual number of fatalities from their coronovirus. Also ... can we eliminate the possibility that this was a virus-weapon test gone bad?
Hi blinks, I am sure many people are aware about the corona virus and how serious it is. Yet in the midst of chaos, some  are trying to make their artists go on tour. (BP is no exception, YG has announced an article a few days ago #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해
The virus from China is spreading all over the world and that not a good thing! How long before the Dems blame Trump for it! I am sure it’s Trump and Russian collusion that was created to get us all.
i hope all  can cancel their artists' schedules for the time being and priorities their artists' health. the virus can spread through air and human touch which is dangerous for both the artists and the fans #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해
peach mint is a dud climate scam is a dud corona virus is a dud  …
cmon you can eat anything but you have to eat weird ass wild animals that you have no idea what it contains. nvm SARS 2003 from china was a virus from a bat. A BAT. the same thing as this Wuhan virus, how could y’all not learn anything from back then, that’s literally less than
All top trends of Korea right now are fans calling to stop world tours/concerts/schedules of all artists due to virus epidemic. 
#BREAKING President Xi says China can 'win the battle' against virus epidemic 
BE AWARE RT to create awareness, the virus has no cure 
China imprisoned more than 1 million Muslims in detention, so Allah sheds a virus on them that has not been discovered yet, it has isolated 4 cities with population of 20million Chinese. “They plot and plan and, Allah too plans, but Allah is the best of planners” Quran 8:30
That doesn't look like a hospital. That looks like a canvas concentration camp. What the heck are they going to do with the people who have the virus, round them up and keep them in those tents? That's city is going to be in anarchy in about 48 hours.
I guess HRW believes it’s unnecessary to limit exposure and try to contain a virus to prevent a pandemic? So cynical to use a moment like this to push anti-China propaganda.  …
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine 
honestly if this corona virus doesnt stop i might as well just drop spm and get married
Due to corona virus that has reached south korea, kfans are now demanding playm to cancel seungwoo's fanmeeting... 
This is one of the main reason why Wuhan Virus is so dangerous. The incubation period tend to be longer than normal flu and there's no way to know you've been infected until you're getting checked or the symptoms start to show up. Stay safe  …
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
Good Morning, to my #MAGA friends. A WALL does not keep out a Cyber Attack. A WALL is no barrier to a killer virus. A WALL is, in fact,  & utter waste of your hard-earned tax dollar. A WALL would be, in fact, an obscene monoment to the vanity of a sociopath.
China's Biological Chernobyl. #ChinaBioChernobyl China's President Xi holds politburo meeting on curbing virus outbreak | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
China is building another 1300 bed hospital to deal with corona virus outbreak. The hospital will be operational in 15 days time. 
The virus is an epidemic & its not just svt but fans too, everyone's in danger in contact & airports are the worst places. Rescheduling concert & tour is definitely a LOT messy & hard but if someone gets affected its irreparable. #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해 @pledis17_STAFF
They can't even fight or win  colds i will not expect them to be immune to even more potent virus please just let them rest, resched the tours or smth while it isn't safe out there @pledis_17 #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해
“The major threat we see (of the virus entering Pakistan) is from the airports because around 40  from China and surrounding region.”  …
This coronoa virus is scaring tf out of me....I have an infant....stay tf home if you’re sick.
3D "Antivirus" 8-BIT skin To protect you against Virus 8-BIT #BrawlStars #BrawlStarsArt #BrawlStarsSkin #Blender3d #Antivirus 
Let Barron go to China to kill the virus once and for all! 
This Virus It also seems have created a distraction from the #HongKong protests. What is happening in Hong Kong. Are the Protesters in #HongKong safe . We pray for #HongKong. #WWG1WGA 
hi! help spread this hashtag, it was made by kfans to grab sm's attention to cancel the dream show in macau due to corona virus. the members and fans' health is at risk so please help spread so hopefully sm will acknowledge it! #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
Not to sound conspiratorial but the outbreak is coincidental given the tensions w/ China+US where the US has a history of using biowarfare like diseased insects. Media is making China seem dictatorial for handling the virus, and makes local Chinese seem as a public health threat.
The reason people are panicking over the #WuhanCoronovirus isn't so much the virus itself, but the reaction surrounding the outbreak. China sent in the army and cordoned off over thirty million people (population of Malaysia). You don't do that if its "nothing".
#BREAKING Beijing to suspend buses entering or leaving capital to contain virus: state media 
mexicans when they hear about a corona virus 
stan twitter when corona virus  a deadly pandemic after they made all those chart jokes ab it 
According to the CDC, a second person in the United States has tested positive for coronavirus and dozens more are being monitored for the respiratory illness. Multiple cities in China are on lockdown to prevent the virus from spreading. @janisfrayer reports from 
As much as I want to see the boys as soon as possible, I want them to prioritise their health and safety. If this virus is spreading world wide now, then I want them to take the break they need even if it means delaying their world tour for a bit #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해
New studies suggest that a large number of people could be walking around for days with no symptoms of the coronavirus, spreading the virus to anyone  in close contact. 
fuck corona virus. prefer carling virus
Assessing the spectrum of severity of disease caused by this virus is essential and urgent. Currently unclear whether the case fatality ratio is <1% or as much as 10%. The latter looks unlikely, but just dividing reported deaths by reported cases does not give a good estimate
me after getting the corona virus 
Before you say we're overreacting, there have been 41 deaths and above 1400 patients. Doctors who were treating the virus have died from it and hospitals are at distress. It IS serious and we need to speak up about it before artists and fans are put at risk
China's President Xi holds politburo meeting on curbing virus outbreak  
is enough for the local promoters and everyone involved to postpone the tour. it is reasonable. pls work it out @pledis17_STAFF we should be more worried about the risk of everyone being exposed to virus than the inconvenience the tour may cause. it’s inevitable that carats will
i’m supporting this not only for the boys’ health but also for all the  together in an enclosed venue for the con where virus can easily spread. i know it’ll be difficult to resched everything but i hope the reason #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해
Really grim scenes from a Chinese hospital besieged by the corona virus  …
Virus in the air... plus Sir Njonjo. 
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
everyone stream ebola to stop Corona virus from going #1 worldwide  …
Bagi si tua and some few menteri this virus and then make some of them kena langgar by pemandu mabuk. After that you will see how drastically dorang ubah statement  …
A bracing read to start the day: sustained human-to-human transmission of #2019nCoV must be happening and it’s unclear if China will be able to contain the virus, according to the latest modeling report from Neil Ferguson.  …
@SMTOWNGLOBAL @StarMac_ China has almost 1300 cases & 41 deaths caused by the virus. Macau has 2 confirmed & 45 suspected cases as on 24th Jan. Please reschedule/ cancel promotions for both groups in the region. #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
the virus are spreading and u guys are scared of it ???? Who’s the one post about dying all the time ???????
#엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 nct dream are confirmed to have a fanmeet in macau in early ceb. in/direct contact, it’s best for fans, staff, & the boys to stay healthy and away from places like airports, doing fan engagements that can be a critical factor to spreading corona virus.
The fact that 2 people already have the Corona virus here in the United States is crazy! The 2nd person that has the virus was located in Chicago. It was confirmed that she came home sometime around January from China! She's apparently at the CDC now. #CoronaOutbreak
Guys listen guys guys aha listen haha guys listen nobody has noticed this yet before me listen guys guys The name of the new deadly incurable virus spreading globally and infecting hundreds is also the name of a FREAKING BEER! LMAO!
why is there an chart data version of a virus??? lmfaooo  …
Everything - from your phone, to your generator, to your fridge, to your iron, to your washing machine, blender, microwave, television  from China. You can't do without China - and since these goods are imported by human beings, the risk of that virus here is high.
Dear wuhan virus, please go to Israel.
Do you know #coronavirus #2019_nCov is a new virus with no available vaccine or medicine? Here are simple ways to prevent infection or transmitting it. Self-hygiene especially washing your hands is the most important step. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
*corona virus cases in alabang* tamaraws of the south: 
Please spread these hashtags. Kfans are currently trending these hashtags to ask SM to cancel dream show in macau due to corona virus and also postpone/cancel wayv’s cafe event. Health is really important #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
A new virus that started in China and is popping up around Asia hung over the first day of the Year of the Rat in much of the region. Lunar New Year festivities were canceled across mainland China and scaled back in Hong Kong. 
Thank God we are FREE from the curse of the law. The price for sickness & disease was already paid for. Therefore by his stripes I am healed from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet in the authority of Jesus! No virus has any place in my body. BE HEALED in JESUS name!
Dear God, please don’t let this virus enter any African country. It will not end well.
Coronavirus:death toll hits 41 as doctor dies from virus in China – updates- Just how ineptly do you think the Trump Administration will be in the USA in mishandling this developing epidemic? The  of #PresidentShitForBrains will kill people.  …
Corona virus outbreak in China and Nigerians are on high alert but are unaware of the lassa fever virus outbreak that is killing them. Hypocrites
not only is the idol's health at risk but also the fan's health, the virus can spread easily and it could affect many people #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 @NCTsmtown_DREAM @NCTsmtown @WayV_official @SMTOWNGLOBAL
PLEASE! Take 10 min to watch this. Dr. Martenson (Ph.D. in Toxicology) is basically freaking out because he THINKS #Wuhan virus has a 1.5-2.5 R0 value (explained in vid). IT HAS SINCE BEEN CONFIRMED AT 3.8, MUCH MORE DANGEROUS THAN DR. MARTENSON KNEW WHEN HE RECORDED THIS.  …
so katiny ask to postpone ateez seoul concert bc of the corona virus! I kinda agree ateez should stay healthy and be careful of it so pls spread it atiny bc it's important!!! #에이티즈_월드투어_미뤄
When Liverpool is about to win the league but Corona Virus infects and kills everyone in the UK  
“Know thy enemy.” In 1918, H1N1 influenza virus reduced Earth population by 50-100 million. It revisited us 10 years ago & left with 284,500 lives. Remember swine flu? Yup same guy. The Wuhan virus belong to #Coronavirus, the crime family that causes MERS-CoV & 
seventeen’s health is the only thing that matters. kcarats are right, plds should cancel their tour & let them rest. especially when the virus is still spreading around. our boys health & safety are much more important than anything else. #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해
All these nurses and doctors who’s risking their lives to fight this virus and having breakdowns, brokes my heart so much!!!! some of them aren’t even from Wuhan but they work therre and cant leave the place. Let’s pray and save our world  …
#coronavirus Scientists Predict #Wuhan's Outbreak Will Get Much Worse New estimates of how far the virus could spread suggest an explosion of cases will hit Wuhan “In 14 days’ time, our model predicts 190,000 + infected people in Wuhan”  …
cancelling the tour is a bit impossible however i hope that they will take it into consideration to cancel for a while bc of the serious virus on going. if they cant cancel it i just hope that pledis ensures that they know the protective measures #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해
#BREAKING: False alarm on a feared #coronavirus case in #Belgium. Europe is on edge with its first 2 cases confirmed Friday in France. A patient presented in Brussels with similar symptoms but per @RTBF the virus has been ruled out. 1/2
KOREA TRENDS 2. #큰성공_스케줄_취소해 5. #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 Due to virus spreading so fast fast. MOAS want to cancel all TXT schedule in Japan. And go back to South Korea as soon as possible. Be safe everyone! @TXT_bighit 
Police have raided wildlife markets across Eastern China as the #coronavirus outbreak spreads around the world. The virus is suspected to have spread to humans in a seafood market in Wuhan where live exotic animals and other wildlife were sold 
Why should Malaysia allow entry when there is clearly a medical crisis going on? Nobody was forced to travel. Malaysia isn't prepared  the virus so the best method is clearly prevention. Thoughts are with China and their people but free movement is unacceptable.
Japan confirms third case of Wuhan virus  
Pls cancel TXT's schedule specially that the number of corona virus infection is increasing. It's very alarming, and exposing our boys to a great crowd and hitouch is too risky. Their health is more important @BigHitEnt #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
China's top virus lab is in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak  via @MailOnline
Because the virus spreads easily. We don't know how infectious it is, and China being an overpopulated country, famous for being unhygienic, is a prime place for the virus to spread easily. Hence, barring the country is a preventative move until we understand how to treat this.
THE SCIENTIST WHO PREDICTED CORONAVIRUS COULD KILL 65 MILLION PEOPLE–THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE OUTBREAK IN WUHAN China recently developed a deadly pathogen lab in Wuhan, with U.S. bio-safety experts warning in 2017 that a virus could "escape" the facility.  …
Simple. If you even read extensively, MERS do not pass easily between people, unlike Wuhan 2019-nCOv that spreads easily between people even after a jump from animal. You can catch Wuhan virus simply by people sneezing near you.  
help kcarats trend this hashtag #세븐틴_보호해_월드투어_취소해 this is due to virus being affected and they want plieds to cancel SEVENTEEN concerts. It’s for their health PLS @pledis_17 @pledisnews
you shouldn’t risk the health of your artists especially in a case of a dangerous virus like this. health is always number one priority everything  next @SMTOWNGLOBAL @NCTsmtown_DREAM @NCTsmtown #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
there are already cases in japan and the virus is highly contagious — can be transmitted through air, physical contact, or by making contact with an object touched by another infected person. just like how other people do, txt should take precautions too #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
If u had the world's attention for 30seconds , what would u say??
ATTENTION!! MOARMYY help kmoas trend this hashtag #큰성공_스케줄_취소해 this is due to virus being affected and they want bighit to cancel txt schedule. It’s for their health too PLEASE PLEASE RT OHMYGOD
I takut sgat baca ni because the virus is contagious :( I really hope they can take immediate actions for these cases because we are putting the public health of Malaysia at risk :(  …
Can RM1.08 billion replaced one life if someone dies from the virus?  …
please help spread!! czennies are currently trending this hashtag to ask sm to cancel dream show in macau due to the corona virus that’s wildly spreading in china now!! #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
sm please delay all overseas activities for the boys for now. not only are the boys are at risk of catching a virus that's quickly spreading but also the fans who's gonna be amongst people all around the world #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
The Corona Virus case reported in Malaysia is from Singapore. But, some Malaysians want to ban all Chinese from entering Malaysia. As per news report at least 10 countries/region reported Corona Virus case including Singapore. Don't spread panic, just follow MOH's advice.
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine #coronavirus  …
Soraru is talking about the Wuhan virus now and asking everyone to be careful since there’s a lot of China people travelling to Japan in the holiday period, and Mafumafu literally doesn’t know what it was about. Soraru says the virus is really scary
currently kfans are spreading this hashtag asking sm entertainment to cancel dream’s activities in macau due to corona virus. let’s spread the hashtag and hopefully sm will acknowledge. prioritize your artists’ health before anything else @SMTOWNGLOBAL #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
2009 Swine flu 2014 Polio 2014 Ebola 2016 Zika virus 2018–20 Kivu Ebola. All considered global emergencies 2020- Wuhan #coronarvirus- Not Yet declared. But it has the potential to mutate,  more lethal and spread further. Hope for the best.
everyone conflicted bc japan has the virus but sokor too i propose we go to planet toi 1338 and live there with bh, txt, bts, and moarmys only bc tbh this planet is ug!y
PH Yorangdans! Happy Virus for our Center, Kim Yohan, will be landing to Philippines soon! We would like to invite you to this event, but before anything else, we would like to know which place do you prefer? Kindly answer the poll bellow and spread the happy virus~
#coronarovirus #coronarovirus China isolates at least 1 million Uyghurs. Corona virus isolates 41 million Chinese residents in 13 cities 
Sees #CoronaOutbreak trending & having watched 'em out break virus series Mood: 
Quote Communists torture uyghur Muslims in torture camps,  make camps specifically exposed to the #coronarovirus virus 
who needs corona virus when im already dead inside?
The corona virus has spread and there’s been confirmed cases here too :( The way its spread through air and human touch also eye contact is worrying. Not only for babies, i hope everyone takes good care of themselves! #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
Im going through this thread and realizing that a lot of people don’t know the nature of China and Chinese government. They’re government covers up everything from diseases to mass murders. This virus  from eating exotic meats like snake and camel.
sm when will you ever prioritize your artists health? corona virus is a deadly virus and sending nct dream to affected countries and even doing a hi touch? that's too much. please for once make them your priority this is not a joke. #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
some lunar new year events in china will even be cancelled to avoid the virus. we do hope bighit would be cautious about txt's schedule in japan, or better cancel activities that require interaction with many people and may perpetuate virus transfer. #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
TXT still has Hi-touch schedule in Osaka tomorrow, but we so worried about epidemic of corona virus. @BigHitEnt please hear us! #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해 @TXT_members @TXT_bighit
Just a reminder of some words before everyone freaks out about the #CoronaOutbreak too much: SARS, H1N1, Swine Flu, Bird Flu, West Nile Virus, Ebola and Hand, foot and mouth disease. All diseases we freaked out about that were suppose to kill us all.
Doctor dies from Wuhan virus at Hubei hospital To all our frontline staff as well as the doctors, nurses & staff at Hosp Sg Buloh please adhere to all the procedures that you've been trained in. Thank you for yr service. Please take care.  …
All respects for doctors, nurses, pharmacists and medical staffs all around the world who's treating patient infected #coronavirus Please share this to your family, the virus transmission is not a joke, there is still no vaccine, please pray for everyone, and stay safe 
Snakes, as cold blooded reptiles, are almost certainly not the source of the virus which  from a warm blooded mammal like a bat. The fact that CNN doesn’t seem to understand basic science is truly appalling and dangerous.
oomfs!!! to protect yourself from the #coronavirus, people are saying that you should be wearing eyewear to protect yourself from bodily fluids entering through your eyes, and it is predicted that the virus may enter through your conjunctiva. 
the tag is because moas are concerned of the virus that has been spreading around and we want bh to be aware and take care of the boys well !! #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
Dear moots this #is Trending no. 1 in S.Korea now. Please help spread the awareness. We don't want Dream's health to be at risk. Corona virus is very deadly, and vaccines have yet to be made. 
3 kasus Corona Virus di Malaysia. Yaa Allah Siap2 gaes. Wuhan virus: Malaysia confirms 3 cases, all patients related to Singapore's first confirmed case 
In some part of the world, there might be a mother crying for her child, a child crying for their parent who are infected of the virus and all you do is saying that it is 'karma' to China for what they did to Uyghur? The way you say it as if the Uyghur people is immune.
'Ancient' virus picks perfect time to show up alongside Corona after squillions of years.  …
Wuhan’s virus has caused 800 illnesses and 26 deaths, infecting 4,000 people. Yet according to the WHO the flu causes up to 5 million severe illness worldwide and kills up to 650,000 people every year. We don’t lock down countries for that. What are they not telling us?
For the geeks - Coronavirus is an enveloped, RNA virus about 32kb in genomic size (I.e. extremely tiny, need electron microscope to view). Do share any  out on its genetics on here - with SARS if I remember correctly they sequenced within a couple of weeks!
I just hope my country stays untouched by this damn virus. God knows we couldn’t handle that
Wow. I just tried to post this with the (#coronoa viru5) & tw1tter auto hid it. I asked the question. Could Ch1na be actually sp3ading this "virus" using these , chemical distribution systems & then sending infected people all over the World. I'm just asking a question 
#엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 2nd picture explain about virus transmission by inderect and direct contact. And Hitouch means the direct contact between fans and the artist, also Japan now are included to"infected country"(1st pict). Then the hitouch in Japan means?? 
"When you get a virus, you get a fever. That's the human body raising its core temperature to kill the virus. Planet Earth works the same way: Global warming is the fever, mankind is the virus. We're making our planet sick. A cull is our only hope." - kingsmen, the secret service  …
"Grandad, what did you do before the virus wiped out 95% of humanity?" "Well, kid, I made bat soup memes and argued about Joe Rogan."
I do not want to see coronoa virus memes on my TL. I will block you. Please be considerate
Please share: Community Announcement: Novel Corona Virus hotline. If you suspect you may have Novel Corona Virus, please call the dedicated hotline on 1800 675 398. Please keep Triple zero (000) for emergencies only. For more information visit:  …
So Marina is in Paris ! Guess who else is in Paris? The Coronavirus M5 is gonna be virus themed 
A doctor who worked at a hospital in Wuhan, where coronavirus patients are being treated, died Saturday morning. The pneumonia-causing virus has so far claimed the lives of more than 40 people while infecting more than 1,200 others 
oomfs since the corona virus is spreading like crazy, please make sure to wash ur hands more often, use precautions. try n stay away from those who have flu (yes normal flu) and try n minimize physical contact with those who have recently had flu or are starting to get it
Next time that I discover a really dangerous virus strain I'll show how to build, use, modify and spread it on a medical conference so that everyone in the world understands its seriousness and learns how to prepare themselves better in case some bad guy does the same #OffSec
"This is a battle between doctors and corona virus." May Allah save all of us.
Is the CORONA virus really a flu virus or  virus? Let's see if the number of new #coronoavirus strains reaches 17 in the next day or two in light of the #SpaceForce being "launched." #QAnon #WWG1GWA #FactsMatter  … 
5) This coronavirus though, it’s R0 attack rate of 2.5 or 3.8 (still prelim) is super high. Much more people fly now than in 2003 SARS. While measles has higher R0, it has a vaccine . Nobody has immunity to this new virus. Good R0 explainer: 
Spread the virus, put this videos on other people's timelines.  …
A simple dua to protect us during this time of the Wuhan virus. Whoever recites this three times in the morning will not be afflicted by any calamity before evening. And whoever recites this three times in the evening will not be afflicted by any calamity before morning 
This is reportedly a footage of people with Corona Virus collapsing at various points in Wuhan, China. @MoIB_Official please campaign for awareness. May Allah have mercy on all of us and keep entire human race, Pakistan and Pakistanis safe. 
MF'S IN CHINA BE LIKE " MY PC ACTING UP " BRUH YALL WORRIED ABOUT THE WRONG VIRUS
I guess it would be peak irony if all the Hollywood movie stars turned out to be right and the world actually ended in the next twelve years... but instead of climate change, it was some super bat virus from the same country whose ass they keep kissing.
VIDEO: Police block roads into the Chinese city of Wuhan, which has been locked down in an unprecedented quarantine effort aimed at containing a deadly respiratory virus 
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
JUST IN: Hong Kong declares Wuhan virus outbreak an "emergency" The Hong Kong Disease contingency plan has been upgraded from “serious” to “emergency” level, Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam announces | via 
Two of the new people with the virus in Australia have been in Australia since January 6 & January 9 h/t  …
Lassa fever is on the rampage here in Nigeria. #coronoavirus is on the rampage in China.... Nigeria is currently in business with China with a lot of Chinese around... It's a new virus and I hope we are capable to handle these disease outbreaks. We need to be up to it!
#coronavirus Deadly virus spreading internationally: time to BAN markets selling wild LIVE animals  …
JUST IN: State of calamity has been declared in the town Binmaley in Pangasinan after hogs in some barangays tested positive for African swine fever virus. via Noriel Padiernos, ABS-CBN News 
Meanwhile terbaca kat Facebook ada orang yang bersyukur ada virus Wuhan ni kononnya balasan atas penindasan orang Uyghur. I'm sorry but there are innocent people infected by it and not just Chinese people, and these are the same people who claim themselves as religious.
corona virus? it's modelo time
1/ 【WARNING: Virus Laboratory Centre in Wuhan】 MUST-READ!!! Biolab for “Most Dangerous Pathogens on Earth” Opened in Wuhan Before Outbreak. The Chinese government opened its virus laboratory/research centre recently, which works with...
BREAKING: Hong Kong declares Wuhan virus outbreak ’emergency’ – the highest warning tier  … #wuhancoronavirus #wuhan #wuhanflu #hongkong
Hong Kong leader declares citywide virus emergency over coronavirus, cancels all official visits to mainland China 
Last night I went to bed having been told that the Corona virus was less dangerous than  or garden variety flu and the only deaths were amongst those with other health problems. This morning I wake up to be told a doctor has been killed by it. So now what?
Virus fighting & politics at least got one thing  TIMING IS UTMOST IMPORTANT. This lame govt delayed 3 months before retreating the extradition bill. They delayed Wuhan pneumonia preventive measures that the medical sector advocated for 2 weeks, missing the prime time.  …
Managers can't create motivation. But they can sure as hell kill it. "First, do no harm." Fortunately the virus cleared before I could act on plan. Bracing honesty will cure most manager thought viruses.
Starbucks shuts shops, suspends delivery in China's Hubei amid virus outbreak  
she wanted a corona beer but he gave her a virus instead — rupi kaur
In order to control the Chinese virus, rural Hubei is conducting such a road closure... #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus These photos posted on social media by individuals. 6 hours 
people were mocking me for wearing a mask, now look what’s happening. virus everywhere meh well now you know
Hong Kong declares #Wuhan virus outbreak an 'emergency', reports AFP. #NovelCoronavirus
Chinese state media has released images from inside a hospital in Wuhan, the city where the #coronavirus originated. Deaths from the virus jumped to 41 on Saturday while the city remains on lock down. #Wuhancoronavirus More @business :  
Update: She contracted a pretty bad virus that has been going around this town (*not Corona*) The intense stomach pains & contractions really scared us, but the unborn baby and her are safe, thank God! She's getting treatment and is finally asleep. Going to  fine.
JUST IN: Hong Kong upgrades corona virus response level to emergency tier. All major events, public and private, will be cancelled. All flights, trains to Wuhan cancelled indefinitely.
Katy Perry as Corona Virus: A thread 
Not being a bad person, but i really wish ph ban all the  from chn regardless if it will hurt the tourism in our country. I wish that our govt cares for the welfare of the filipino people rather than the profits and the virus we could get. Health is still wealth.
#ALERT #HongKong raises alert to emergency level to fight #Wuhan virus contamination
Soooo, WE have to  and adapt to the Corona virus when tourists brought the disease to US, not to mention the government not wanting to close out borders to said tourists Good job, Malaysia Bodoh sekali  …
Death Toll Rises As Chinese Virus Continues To Spread  
Japan and Australia confirms three cases of corona virus
PSA: The r-naught or R0 is the reproductive rate of a virus. Flu has an R0 rate of 1 SARS was 2-3 Polio, is 3-5 This Coronavirus has an R0 rate of 3.8 4x as viral as the flu, which kills 70k/yr and we don't know how this is spreading, where  from, or how to contain it. 
For those those with a weakened immune system, the elderly and the very young, there's a chance the virus could cause a lower, and much more serious respiratory tract illness like pneumonia or bronchitis.
China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,300 infected worldwide  
Just to clarify, the Lunar Year Dragon dance does not prevent any kind of virus. You’re 
"I am a doctor who was unfortunately infected with the virus...I don't think we're alone...My college classmates have all begun to join our team...When I get back to health, I will return to the battlefield! #Wuhan can win! I'm sure we can win!" Respect to all doctors and 
There’s so many scare stories about that virus.... it’s worth bearing in mind (unless things change dramatically) homelessness & the health crisis will kill way more ppl in Ireland this year. These are very solvable problems but not if you vote @FineGael or @fiannafailparty
We keep them here, they use our hospital,OUR RESOURCES,our doctors and nurses got exposed to this virus,the whole nation is exposed to the virus. JUST SEND THEM BACK TO THEIR OWN COUNTRY LAH
Confirmation today that the #Corona Virus jumped from livestock to humans via poor husbandry and health standards at Chinese live animal markets. You know .. those standards that Jacob Rees Smug said were 'perfectly acceptable' in the UK after #Brexit to replace the EU 
Thailand in PM2.5 , virus and useless government. #ไวรัสโคโรนา #รัฐบาลเฮงซวย
China virus remains severe, medical supplies very tight: provincial official  
The virus can make people sick, usually with a mild to moderate upper respiratory track illness, similar to  cold. Symptoms * Running nose * Headache * Cough * Sore throat * Fever * Feeling of being unwell
Nigerians are widely blamed for always praying in cases where they should be taking actions, and I totally understand. But in this case, Nigerians need to pray this #coronoavirus don't get here. Any virus outbreak today, I'm certain would take our Gov unawares. God save us!
Trying to make sense of this... What if instead of trying to prevent people from getting the virus, the rumors are true and a giant % of Wuhan already has the virus, and the government knows that? Is that why they might do this?  …
With Coronavirus Cases Being Detected Across The Globe, Here’s All About The Mysterious Virus  …
NSW Health Minister Brad Hazzard says 18 people have been assessed across the state for the new #coronavirus. 12 of those have been "excluded" and three have now been confirmed with the virus. 
the moment when corona virus dominates the charts and makes it to #1 in all countries... 
Across Oz, RWNJs are looking at reports of the spread of the Corona virus, & muttering to themselves "What would these bloody medical experts know? We've always had viruses! I had the flu once, and I'm ok!! And Australia doing anything about it won't have any impact at all.."
for those who are buying masks, make sure you buy the correct ones !! the rankings ( from top the bottom ) protection : virus : bacteria : dirt : pollen : 
[News Update] The Ministry of Health (MoH) said the patient who was sent to the National Isolation Centre for further examination and precautionary measures on Friday has tested negative from the 2019-nCoV virus.  …
CHINA'S WUHAN CITY SAYS TO BAN NON-ESSENTIAL VEHICLES IN DOWNTOWN AREA FROM JAN 26 TO CONTAIN VIRUS OUTBREAK -STATE MEDIA
Doctor Liang Wudong at the ENT department of Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line fighting against #nCoV2019 in Wuhan, died from the virus on Sat at the age of 62. 
China virus can be contracted only through human contact Introverts: 
Hardcore xenophobic Muslims really have to stop saying the Wuhan virus is God's punishment towards China. Maybe it's God's test towards our faith to  and empathy?
9NEWS in Australia reports three new cases of virus in New South Wales, bringing Australia total to four h/t  …
“[Wuhan virus] was most definitely not ‘preventable & controllable’. [CCP’s] mistakes will be borne by  people.” President Xi risks his supreme power in China due to continuous clamping down on info & not  with accurate statistics.  …
BREAKING: #Wuhan - VIDEOS (1 of 2): EXCLUSIVE look into quarantined #China on lockdown as the deadly virus strikes, new footages that were VERY hard to obtain due to Chinese Govt censoring social media. RT and SHARE -@ASBreakingNews #virus #coronarovirus 
Now note: during Kivu Ebola, they didn't ackshually find any of the live virus in bats. They just needed an explanation for why the disease was able to teleport 2500 miles thru the jungle w/o infecting anyone else en route.  …
CHINA'S HUBEI PROVINCIAL OFFICIAL SAYS VIRUS OUTBREAK SITUATION SEVERE, MEDICAL SUPPLIES VERY TIGHT
China has prudently placed Wuhan under quarantine to halt spread of coronavirus. But @EmmanuelMacron wants to “evacuate” French citizens. Does racist French government think the virus only affects Chinese people? France must respect the quarantine.  …
Reduce the risk of the virus! 
Number of countries attacked by the Virus. 
miss Corona virus accepting the virus of the year award and winning against queen ebola, hiv and rabies 
I’m kind of worried about the way this virus is spreading. Stay safe please, make sure you’re remembering to keep sanitary
#DidYouKnow that #GMO #Flu vaccine FLUBLOK contains insect virus #DNA & armyworm cell proteins?  … Substituting toxic vaccine ingredients with other potentially toxic ingredients does not make #vaccines safer. #LearnTheRisk #GMOs #VaccineSafety 
A virus you get from drinking coronas  …
"CDC/WHO operated by virus hunters. Running a new virus up the flagpole… rushing to where an “outbreak” is announced… rolling up sleeves to look for the virus. No attention paid to contaminated water, toxic chemicals, malnutrition, lack of sanitation." 
What is Corona virus and how to protect yourself. 
So many cases of the virus we're seeing outside of Wuhan involve people who visited Wuhan, or passed through Wuhan, or worked in Wuhan...what about the people who live in Wuhan full-time? You have to imagine a very large number of them have the virus.
chyna people be eating every creature on earth and wondering why they caught virus..  …
Japan confirms third case of Wuhan virus  
All you need to know about the new Corona virus. Stay safe ! 
Good luck to our HO, dah la underpaid, critical allowance kena cut. Now have to face this deadly virus.
China was oppressing muslims and God sent them a virus. God 100-0 China
Small note: While there were reports of SARS having 0.49 after containment started, a WHO cited experts who said SARS had initial R0 of 2.9 then 2.0-3.5, which which fell to 0.4 after quarantine. But SARS is more symptomatic than this Wuhan virus. To be updated. 
Here in SA it takes 5 years to name the virus. 
Researchers are thinking that people without symptoms are spreading the disease There are over a thousand confirmed cases with about 41 people dead. Some of the deaths are outside Wuhan where this virus is said to have originated
500 Chinese arrived in Philippines Kalibo Airport and will be sent back to Wuhan China in fear of the corona virus. Good job Kalibo. #Kalibo #CoronaOutbreak #coronaviruswuhan
The mysterious virus is much worse than we are being told! View video.  …
The Corona virus is now in the US, France. One challenge with it is that it's a new virus never seen before in humans, so there are no specific treatments or vaccines for it yet Wash your hands please with soap and water Don't touch your nose,mouth or eyes with unwashed hands
Global stocks have lost $677bn in mkt cap this wk after outbreak of deadly new virus (coronavirus) which has spread & as stocks that reported results this week, on net underperformed mkt, suggesting earnings season somewhat challenging. But mkts supported by overall pos econ data 
Hello, banned  from China. Is that hard for you? The  from them not our people
They are building a whole new hospital in China in a span of 6 days to treat Corona Virus patients. And the hospital will be demolished once the virus is contained. Just wow !!
Do you know you can protect yourself from contracting #coronoavirus ? The images explain how to protect yourself and also reveal what you should know about the virus.. (1/2) More pictures on the thread Read and RT for others. 
Corruption is a problem that spreads like a virus and can ultimately sabotage an entire nation. The responsibility to tackle it is as much on the individual citizen, as it is on the government. An excerpt from my panel discussion on “The Return of Arab Unrest” at @wef in 
China is building a hospital of 1000 bed capacity within the next 10 days for ther corona virus patients. Operational from February 3rd. Namibia, I just .....
The claim that "we are now faced with the most virulent virus epidemic the world has ever seen" and that the new coronavirus is 8x as infectious as SARS  untrue. Even if the R0 were 3.8 that would be nowhere near a record. Here is some context w/ a range of R0s: 
This new virus that’s spreading in China? They might make a vaccine for it and 30 years from now some 28 year old hipster actors are gonna be preaching about how it’s all a conspiracy.
Don't worry guys the virus won't stay for long, it's made in China afterall
Illness made him a little suspicious of himself. When he was sick, his decisions felt fuzzy. Too far away. Like maybe the virus was trying to take the wheel. He hoped it remembered to water his plants.
This virus spread even faster than SARS. This is serious global matters. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronovirus 
first a war n now a virus. which one you mfs switched it from multiplayer to zombies smh
Comment your (Sixth emoji is what ur crush thinks of u ...) NO CHEATING PLZ
who the fuck cares about the malaysia tourism when you have the safety of your nation at risk? Plus do you think people will be stupid enough  here when the virus have already spreaded?! MAKE IT MAKE SENSE!  …
“We’re all trapped now”: Wuhan residents say they have ALL been left to catch China’s Deadly Coronavirus as city orders total lockdown - Reports that up to 350,000 will have caught virus by February. 4 in Australia have been quarantined.  …
This is Yuan Banfu, a building worker in Wuhan from Henan Province. The virus outbreak meant he couldn’t return home. He heard about a callout for skilled building workers to volunteer erecting the new hospital in days. He said he felt very proud to help the Wuhan people. 
International kid with virus on his way to class 
*sneezes* sorry, i was infected by the "cuck" virus. i dont want to be a part of this website anymore
Remember how Msian govt behaved when Nipah virus outbreak occured in Malaysia back then? And how the person who discovered the virus(Dr. Kaw Bing Chua) was struggling to convince them about the virus. Sejarah berulang.  
Multistakeholder Measles and Corona Virus Taskforce meeting 
MarkTuanBarCN donated ¥6260 to 武汉慈善总会 (Wuhan Charity Centre) in order to help the medical staffs and patients who are fighting against the outbreak of the virus. The donation made under the name of Tuan Yi En’s fans #MarkTuan #段宜恩 
Hi @chedetofficial i dont wanna sound too rude but you wont gain respect from Malaysian citizens if you act this way. Stop China tourists  into Malaysia. This is a novel virus, no cure, so when theres no cure, PREVENTION is a MUST. You must act now this is serious.  …
China virus outbreak revives calls to stop wildlife trade  
"We tested the patients for routine diseases except for the ones from the same vector that cause nearly identical symptoms and we would have no explanation for how one of them (Hendra Virus) managed to  so virulent w/o admitting to weaponizing it..."  …
PLEASE REPORT AND BLOCK! She's making a scene! She's using our boys clip and our happy virus photo. She's no good!!! 
Let's all say a prayer to discover the cure of this virus, no matter what your religion just say a prayer, also share each information for everyone to stay updated in real time
Malaysian tweetfamous accounts need to chill a bit. Make sure you get your facts right, stories verified, before tweeting. Like the virus, misinformation spread rapidly. Your one tweet can get thousands rt in one hour. Tweet responsibily. #CoronavirusOutbreak
If the #coronovirus spreads to #India as it appears it may have done that will be bad news because the virus will be able to spread even more in that country. We know #China has been doctoring up it's stats for this virus to keep the #WHO off it's back.
#NEW: China is now implementing nationwide measures to detect the #Wuhan virus - AFP
Scientific and medical decisions should never be influenced by politics even in mundane circumstances. Given what is at stake, WHO’s decisions regarding the Wuhan virus so far is very concerning.  …
41 dead, 1287 confirmed cases in China New 1000-bed hospital being built in six days in Wuhan Virus spreads to Europe - 3 cases confirmed in France. Wuhan under lockdown Tourist sites in Beijing shut McDonald’s shut in 5 cities  …
I see a few idiots are trying to blame Ardern for "lack of leadership" on Corona virus. What do they want her to do exactly...as the guy on Breakfast mentioned, incubation can be up to a week, screening at airports mostly useless.
Hundreds of Chinese left Nigeria 4 China to celebrate their annual festival –Lunar New Year– to return next week Over 300,000 Chinese are infected Rather than take pro-active measures Govt will rather pray that d Virus does not enter Nigeria until people begin 2 die 
It feels as if this virus was designed for population control
#BREAKING China orders nationwide measures to detect virus on flights, trains, buses 
Who else thinks China is lying about how many deaths from this virus and how far it had speared? We need to stop all flights from China immediately 
China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,300 infected worldwide 
Corona virus update. You guys are too kind to check on me, but I probably should've clarified a lil!! 
No matter where you are, You have to take care of yourself. Put on a mask, eat only safe food. Wherever you feel venture of Virus Corona, please don't go. Must make yourself safe.
Being a Pakistani we should help our all weather friend China in controlling the corona virus hence we request Chinese government to send all infected patients to GHQ Rawalpindi. Our Pak Army can handle anything. Pak Army Zindabad!
14/ Let’s pretend the 3.8 estimate is too high (there’s unpublished estimates of 2.5). even if this virus’s R0=2.5, that’s still 2x higher than seasonal flu’s 1.28 (ref above), and higher than 1918 Spanish Flu pandemic of 1.80 that killed millions. So 2.8 is still super bad folks
Latest coronavirus. 22 provinces, numbering 1.1 billion people, have declared Level 1 public health emergency. 56 million people now subject to travel ban in Hubei, epicentre of virus. 41 dead, 1200+ infected, with 237 in a critical condition.
got to be ready for corona virus 
These hans will not for a second hesitate to use their own citizens as guinea pigs in order the virus to spread beyond their borders. In all possibility they have a cure in place. They'll use it for themselves when the rest of the world grapples with fatalities. Never trust hans
Those confirmed to have the virus in Malaysia are the family of the first confirmed man to have the virus in Singapore. What am I missing here? Did the rest of the family leave Singapore after the man was hospitalised? #WuhanCoronavirus
Once u get to know u who really are , u will no longer worry about not fitting in ....
Mums in China atm for CNY and this virus shit is sketching me out
China restricts travel for 35 million people to halt spread of deadly virus 
You'll be exactly as happy as u decide to be...
i heard the corona virus is spreading in my country :(( so for msian moots pls take care of yourself, wear a mask and drink a lot of water..im worried
(GLOBAL FLASHPOINT) US REMINDS CHINA: CORONA VIRUS LEAKED FROM WUHAN LABORATORY 2 years before virus killed 26 of 830 infected (by 24 Jan) scientists expressed fears about new "biosafety" labs being built at Wuhan from 2017: 5 already built of planned 7  …
you’re in my house. I do as I please. I’m also on heavy meds for the Corona virus, so... whatevs
Sanitizer your hands, wearing mask and be careful all my moots. Kita berada dibawah kerajaan yg benak sekarang, so I hope yall can take care of yourself from the virus.
I am not into this believe of since the Chinese government put millions of Muslims into concentration camps, Hence God is punishing them with this Wuhan virus outbreak. And I am most disappointed that our own  is saying as such.
Coronavirus: How China's increasing global power could be influencing global virus response - despite the criteria for declaring international public health emergency hv already been met. Chilling read by  …
Starbucks shuts shops, suspends delivery in China's Hubei amid virus outbreak  
Hospital Sungai Buloh ada wad istimewa untuk kes2 Coronavirus as they are an Infectious Disease Hospital. They send the confirmed case there to prevent the virus spreading to other patients.
why is there a chart update account for a deadly virus  …
Seriously, it's now Coronaro Virus, FFS? #coronarovirus This is the THIRD misspelling today, yet people in their tens of thousands are tweeting without even checking the spelling. Sorry, when I say 'people', I meant 'sheeple'. And we wonder how fake news starts. *sigh*
Wallahualam. Wallahualam kalau betul virus tu tersebar meluas sampai ke Malaysia, if the Gov can only save kids who are NOT being infected and stay safe, i will let them to take my child rather than seeing them suffer from all these. Allahuakbar.
𝓗𝓪𝓹𝓹𝔂 𝓥𝓲𝓻𝓾𝓼 ㅡ A cupholder event for our one and only happy virus, Kim Yohan In collaboration with @bbiyo_yh and @happyvirus_yh Details will be posted soon, so stay tuned filo Yorangdans ♡ 
the gov is literally dumb for allowing flights from wuhan to the country just for the sake of tourism & the infected people are selfish for traveling to other countries to spread the virus. be safe everyone! 
It's Chinese New Year but i'm scared to go out to visit people cause of the Corona Virus that is now in Malaysia. Imma just stay in my room as usual until the virus is destroyed. #WuhanCoronovirus 
How #China's increasing global power could be influencing global virus response by @WHO, which has yet to declare a world health crisis despite experts saying all emergency signs are there  … w @sneweyy @Telegraph @TelegraphWorld @TelGlobalHealth
Just FYI there are WuFlu cases within 20km of the village where the virus in World War Z originated.
Imagine my shock. ”China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center.”  …
Interesting coincidence both cases of Wuhan virus reported in the U.S. are sanctuary cities.
Just goes to show how Western "human rights" gobbledegook can be spun to senselessly attack any Enemy State. Here, China is condemned for not allowing this dangerous virus outbreak to spread unchecked potentially harming hundreds of millions in their country and beyond.  …
1st case of Corona virus has been admitted in Nishtar Hospital Multan, the pt had a recent travelling history to China. This deadly virus has so far consumed 30+ lives. Kindly avoid contact with any1 who has flu like symptoms & spcly one who's been to China recently.Use N95 masks
What is a #coronavirus ? “Corona means ‘crown,’ so these viruses appear crown-shaped when looked at under an electron microscope,” said Bhanu Sud, MD, an infectious disease specialist in virus being typed. They’re doing testing to find out what type of virus this is and whether 
The deadly virus from China sweeping the world has arrived in Melbourne.....NZ Govt morons say the risk to NZ is minimal and are not screening at NZ airports @jacindaardern said measles in NZ was under control ...lied about that too?
Is anyone talking about the fact koalas were being sold for EATING at the market where the #carona virus originated in #Wuhan? How many other markets are selling these? We should be initiating a international investigation. Absolutely disgusting.  …
Did Tzuyu just give thanks to the medical personnel fighting the Corona virus?  …
Wuhan, the epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak will follow Beijing's SARS treatment model by building a dedicated hospital to receive patients infected with the virus. Here are some facts about it: 
Stop flights from China landing in Australia until this Corona virus is resolved. This one is turning out to be worse than the SARS or MERS virus. If the government cared about us it will take this drastic action.If not God help us.
Lol y’all are just weak I been drinking corona for a while and never got a virus from it
Coronavirus  from snake (Source :WHO) This virus shows that how Islam literally take care what do we eat. What is haram, what is halal. Allah is our creator. He knows what's good for us. Alhamdulillah  …
The virus spelling continues to mutate. We're in trouble. 
#Update: Malaysia confirms its first cases of #coronavirus, with three people infected with the virus; they were in close contact of a 66-year-old patient detected in Singapore. 
Me: "2020 will be a great years." 2020: The earthquakes. The almost WWIII. The Australian wildfire. The eruption of Taal Volcano. The Corona Virus Me: 
The three virus patients in Malaysia are all related to a Chinese man who was detected with the virus in Singapore h/t  …
A new virus pandemic is a threat as serious as a war, but countries are nowhere near as prepared (via 
v reply on weverse everyone, take care of your health, safety is the best & you might not be aware that you would have it [the virus] so dont forget & please be a bit more careful 
Updates on the novel coronavirus this morning: - China say 41 have died, with 1287 confirmed cases - Virus confirmed in patients in Australia, Malaysia and Pakistan - One new case in Thailand Bloomberg is tracking the spread of the virus here:  
RELATED: In mainland China, the death toll has risen to 41. Cases of the virus have also been confirmed in Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Japan, and Vietnam 
A secret voice message from a #Wuhan epidemic prevention department meeting high official: 1. though the virus sources from fever. 2. From secret #CCP's health hedical letter ,many of critically ill patients doesn't hv any sign for fever. 3. incapable to control. 
not a coincidence that the only lab certified to handle corona virus is in wuhan...and the gates foundation funded the group that has a patent on the virus and is also funding research on the vaccine...they are creating a scenario where folks will want vax  …
my plan for coronavirus is the same plan i've had for every virus panic which is to just not pay attention to it and it'll probably work out
Taehyung saying everyone to take care and safety first because of the corona virus these days ㅠㅠ BESTEST BOY and please everyone stay healthy and be safe 
Ron Davis “The effort to understand this new virus is exactly what we’ve been doing for ME/CFS for years. The diff betw our progress & theirs: lack of support from our federal govt!” Scientists are unraveling coronavirus with unprecedented speed & openness  …
BREAKING: State-run China Global Television Network reported that a doctor who had been at the front line in battling the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, has died from the new virus 
Wuhan virus: Three confirmed cases in Malaysia related to Singapore's first confirmed case  …
Wuhan virus: Malaysia confirms first 3 cases; all patients related to Chinese national who was Singapore's first case  
If you can’t see the virus the virus can’t see you.  …
first a war, now a virus who switched us from multiplayer to zombies??
#Malaysia confirms its first cases of #coronavirus, with three people infected with the virus; they were in close contact of a 66-year-old patient detected in Singapore more:  
Hi babes! Rt to spread awareness. The corona virus isnt a joke anymore!! This is a thread so scroll down!! 
So I read an article saying Chinese citizens fear that the government isn’t disclosing everything it knows about the virus. When the first case of SARS appeared in China in 2002 the government hid it for four months!
Corona virus  the second deadly thing to originate from China that’s threatening the end of the world after TikTok.
Just a little PSA. If you're traveling and concerned about getting infected, those flimsy surgical masks you see people wearing all the time do not protect you enough from the virus, you need an N95 mask. 
why are people acting as if going vegan is the immediate solution to avoiding the corona virus when human to human and body fluid contact is dangerous too the doctor himself was died within days of treating a victim and he didnt eat no wuhan meat 
*diagnosed with Wuhan virus* Indian mums: 
I am not against China and the Chinese, but why people from China (specifically Wuhan) are being allowed to travel? Their visas should be cancelled with immediate effect. That's utter ignorance knowing that this virus is deadly. (1/2)
First case of corona virus in Pakistan - in the city of Multan - a traveller who came from China and transited in Karachi
deserves #1 wtf. what virus blocked it?
Not EXO related but hopefully you guys can spread the awareness!! This new Coronavirus is spreading fast from China and few neighbour countries have already recorded their first few cases on the virus. Please take care, be careful and stay safe 
hhhhh now i don't feel like going out at all please why would malaysia allow  into this country when there's literally a virus outbreak  …
Multiple confirmed cases of IPA Virus here in the Pacific Northwest. Symptoms include beard growth, mountain biking and in extreme cases “seriously considering getting into doing some kind of woodworking project”
HK leader Carrie Lam finally back to HK. On Wuhan virus outbreak, she said preventive measures best to be tight than loose—said the head of gov that has for weeks refused to carry out measures as simple as getting travellers sign health declaration form or call on ppl wear masks 
BEIJING — China reported Saturday a jump in the number of people infected with a new virus to 1,287 with 41 deaths, as it expanded its lockdown to an unprecedented 36 million people and rushed to build a prefabricated, 1,000-bed hospital for victims.  …
#BreakingNews #NSTnation: Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr Dzulkefly Ahmad today confirmed three Novel #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) cases in the country.  … #virus #Malaysia #wuhan
Kindly take time to read the Health Service’s advisory on the 2019-Novel Corona Virus (nCoV). Stay safe, Thomasians! 
173/ A part of media is INCORRECTLY reporting about diagnosis of a first case of novel corona virus in Pakistan. We expect responsible reporting by media. Please do not add to nation’s anxiety about nCoronavirus and should meticulously check facts before reporting. Thank you !!
1a) Specific diagnostics for nCoV-2019 were only developed last week, and are still being distributed. A lot of older samples, spanning the past month, are only now getting tested conclusively for nCoV-2019. This virus has been circulating since early December, at least.
Since the MSM is bashing people for discovering that Bill Gates predicted the Corona Virus and trying to pin it on Q people, seems like a good idea to share it  … Wouldn't be the first epidemic Bill Gates 'predicted'
Australia declared its first novel coronavirus case in Victoria. Meanwhile Thailand confirms fifth case of the virus in the country. In China death toll rose to 41, with at least 1,287 confirmed cases. 
BREAKING: State-run China Global Television Network reported that a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line in battling the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China has died from the virus at age 62  
Earth to Chinese govt “doctors” and propaganda...that’s not called a “cure” of a virus.. it’s a self-limited weathering of a viral storm.  …
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak  
You thought Corona virus was bad? Just wait for Bud Lime
They also just happen to fund the group who owns the patent to the deadly virus and are working on a vaccine to solve the crisis.
Malaysia has confirmed 3 cases of the Wuhan virus, as a result of close contact. The cases are related (family members) to the case detected in Singapore - the 66-year-old man from Wuhan. 
#coronavirus A great thread here from a prominent doctor that participated in the fight against the Ebola virus She has very good insights about the #CoronavirusOutbreak Please read  …
Mucus (Hingus/Lendir) akan trap the bacteria and virus Bila kita buang hingus or lendir the virus/bacteria also gets expelled with it or if tertelan in our sleep (it'll gets destroyed by gastric acid) Mucus also ada natural antibodies called IgA which helps to neutralise them  
No offense but this virus situation getting better as in decreasing #’s of people with it and people infected getting better and would really suck  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program The deadly animal virus epidemic spreading globally may have originated in a Wuhan laboratory linked to China’s covert biological weapons program. via ⁦ @washingtonpost⁩  …
Trumps a germophobe. Democrats need to befriend the CDC. We could control his movements during the campaign. “Oh Mr. President, you shouldn’t campaign in Pennsylvania, there’s an influenza outbreak.” “Wisconsin rally? Oh Sir, Ebola outbreak.” “Ohio? Sorry, Wuhan virus.”
Live rats... Shit virus from shithole countries...  …
#Coronavirus - Death toll from the virus has risen to 41 and 1,287 cases. #WuhanVirus is spreading, reported cases in China, US, France, Japan, S Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Australia, Nepal, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Macau and France. Stay 
do I let myself be mentally drained thinking about the grammys or about the 50 million tourists from mainland  to SE Asia every year and its correlation to the wuhan virus appearance in singapore
So amid TAAL VOLCANIC crisis, threats of WAR in the MIDDLE EAST, new SARS-like VIRUS from CHINA, and a whole global pandemonium, TATAY’s PRIORITY...is BATO’s VISA? And picking a fight with our ONLY ALLY amid WPS disputes. Truly the “BEST in SOLAR SYSTEM President”!
Do your part to prevent the virus from spreading. The medical team can only do so much. Doctors and nurses are sacrificing their lives for humanity while we continue being reckless  …
Is no one gonna talk about how Netflix releases a new show called Pandemic at the same time a new virus emerges? I have questions
Map of the latest spread of Wuhan's N-CoV 2019 virus spread, current to 10am January 25th 2019. So far 181 different localities have reported 1115 confirmed cases (mapped to this level). Black circles show cities under some form of lockdown. 
Corona Virus? No thanks, I'll take the 211 Steel Reserve Virus. 
I guess it is in Australia after all according to Newsweek: "Australia revealed its first confirmed case of coronavirus to be a Chinese man in New South Wales. Five other people in New South Wales are being tested for the virus."
i told my uber driver that i had the corona virus he did not laugh
The destruction of the tower of Babel was the result of a deliberate detonation, in order to save humanity from a conceptual virus that was spreading rapidly due to homogeneous language
corona virus = look here not there. Distraction. TRDJ+
China creates virus. China releases virus. China creates pandemic. China has vaccine! China sells vaccine. China creates wealth.
Sad to learn a doctor who had been at the front line of the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, just passed away due to the virus.
Worldwide Virus Contractors — CDC: CHINA — (+1,300) *New Peak* FRANCE — (-14) AUSTRALIA — (+12) 
I think PATRIOTS are in control. Why??? Are they letting this happen? Notice how MANY people are writing about how Bill G owns the patent for the corona virus. Buzzfeed even wrote an article calling it insane theory. What is the point of a movie if not to wake up the people to...
#BreakingNews #NSTworld: A doctor at a hospital in #China’s #Hubei province, the centre of the #coronavirus outbreak, has died from the #virus.  … #wuhan
how do a mexican virus get into china when they have big wall
#BREAKING 450 military medical staff arrive in China's virus epicentre: state media 
Coronavirus terrifies us, but another virus has already killed 6,000 in US: Drs. Bill Schaffner, @PeterHotez and @DrPaulOffit remind us of the risks of influenza. #fightflu #vaccines #vaccineswork  …
BREAKING: Doctor who was treating coronavirus in China has died of the virus
Earlier today, a Chicago woman became the second U.S. patient diagnosed with coronavirus. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is expecting more Americans to be diagnosed with the virus  days.  …
The deadly animal virus epidemic spreading globally may have originated in a #Wuhan laboratory linked to #China’s covert biological weapons program, according to an Israeli biological warfare expert.
We would like to wish everyone a happy #LunarNewYear! We hope the #YearoftheRat will bring health and prosperity, and that the #coronavirus situation will improve. In the meantime, here is what we know about the virus so far and some useful tips: 
One ominous sign, said a U.S. official, is the that false rumors since the outbreak began several weeks ago have begun circulating on the Chinese Internet claiming the virus is part of a U.S. conspiracy to spread germ weapons.
Wait. I caught the Corona virus in Mexico back in '95. Every morning for a week.
Only 895 confirmed cases yet in 90% of provinces... They’re lying China Confirms Wuhan Virus Infections in over 90% of Provinces  via @BreitbartNews
#CoronaVirus (The Virus) Infection Update USA #56 (+2) UK #13 (+4) China #1 (+900) 
Thank you @europe_tron for donating the 10,000 #TERC this virus is very bad please help spread the word. Let's keep this going. The more we share, the more #awareness there will be. We all want to be healthy and safe for @nitronsummit!
Even with antivirus I got the virus. I will blame this on twitter since everyone was tweeting saying they got sick. Fever of 103f GG virus GG.
China Virus: 41 Dead, 1,307 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE  …
#WuhanCoronavirus: The number of cases has soared past 1,300. Keep track of the places affected by the Wuhan virus with this map:  
Cases of people infected with coronavirus reported in #France #Australia #USA and #UK. Reports on at least 100,000 people who might carry the virus in the chinese city of #Wuhan, the outbreaks center. Chinese new year traveling causes difficulties to contain the virus.
“Corona Virus” debuts at #9 on the CDC’s most infectious viruses with 8,420 infected,  the worst outbreak of the virus since 2002. 
Stay aware and awake guys! Coronavirus nakaabot na sa El Nido and possibly meron na dito. Maghugas lagi ng kamay and wear mask. Be more cautious to the people who surrounds you. This virus is uncurable (all virus are) so please stay safe.
If people are truly concerned about corona virus, keep some licorice root extract on hand. If you begin developing cold symptoms add some drops to a cup of water and take some a few times a day for a week. WARNING: Prolonged use can raise blood pressure.  …
Please read this articles regarding Wuhan virus.  …
#UPDATE China marks its most important holiday under a cloud of fear and gloom as the toll from a deadly respiratory virus jumps to 41, with almost 1,300 people now known to be infected  
One of my friends said, “Whoever named this virus the Chinese coronavirus missed a golden opportunity to name it the Kung Flu” and swear I laughed so hard for 5 minutes straight died
Jon Rappoport returns to The Robert Scott Bell Show on Sunday, January 26 at 1pm EST. What we reveal about the scam of #CoronavirusOutbreak is stunning! The #virus is definitely a cover story!
Wait a minute, “corona”virus? Like the dang beer? Haha, what will  up with next?!
Has anyone noticed that the media has been reporting non stop about the killer corona virus that has killed 26 people, while the flu kills between 12k - 61k in the US annually? What is their real agenda? Don't join the panic. 
There's more to this story than meets the eye. Once US  sequencing the virus, I suspect we will be surprised.
LETHAL VIRUS OUTBREAK: The CDC confirms a woman in Chicago is the second case of the deadly coronavirus in the United States – a number expected to rise – as the death toll climbs in China and 30 million people are on lockdown. @SteveOsunsami reports.  
A new virus in China is already having an impact on trade. McDonald’s has shuttered restaurants. Shanghai Disneyland has temporarily closed. Oil demand is likely to drop. Even a wigmaker is worried. 
BREAKING: Chinese government censoring Wuhan virus outbreak posts on social media - 
You Should All Be Bowing To China In Gratefulness. For We Can Just As Easily Unleash The Virus Upon Humanity..
I wouldn’t mind getting just a small part of the virus going around so I can lose three pounds.
#WuhanCoronovirus has reached Australia. The incubation period for the virus is long enough for patients to travel and with no fever, there is almost no way to detect.  …
Me drinking a Corona to gain immunity to the corona virus 
apparantly that corona virus has infected 90k people in china and is spreading i really feel like this is gonna be as big as the black plague 
Liang Wudong, a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line of the #CoronavirusOutbreak battle in Wuhan, dies from the virus at age 62. 
41 dead, 1,000 affected in China from Wuhan virus, 14 cities in lockdown.  
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine 
BAN CHINESE TOURISTS NOW. LET ME REMIND YOU THAT PHILIPPINES HAS SHITTY ASS HEALTHCARE AND IF THAT FUCKING VIRUS SPREAD HERE, IT'S GONNA BE CATASTROPHIC.
hi nursing student chiming in with some friendly reminders during this coronavirus outbreak - the mortality rate is EXTREMELY low! - the average age of the ppl who died from the virus is 75 yrs and most of them already had other health problems. they're part of the risk group.
World must know: 1. The outbreak of new virus is NOT accidental: akin to SARS, the deadly virus was evolved from the habitual consumption of wild animals by Chinese . 2. CCP covers up & lies of news about the outbreak - doctors & citizens hv no way to prevent & protect.  …
Popular media coverage of the Corona virus in the west illustrates how Orientalist imagination continues to dictate perceptions of Chinese cuisine and eating habits. The discourse frames locals in the light of backwards, disgusting, mysterious and exotic choices of food.
The first case of Corona Virus has been confirmed in Melbourne. A 50yo Chinese man who recently spent time in the affected Wuhan region. Stay safe people! #coronoavirus #Wuhan #Australia
China virus death toll jumps to 41, cases soar to nearly 1,300  #coronavirus
So you mean those prayers wished for deaths and spread of the virus around the world ‽ Talk about fighting evil with even more evil.
BREAKING: China's National Health Commission reports that the number of people infected with a new virus has risen to 1,287 with 41 deaths across 29 provinces. Some 237 patients remain in serious condition. 
The Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory is the only lab in China designated for studying dangerous pathogens like SARS and Ebola. US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' this exact facility.  …
China reports over 1,280 virus cases, death toll at 41  
How ironic that we are trying to control our own virus, one made flesh, who resides in the WH and threatens the body democracy. Numerous GOP senators, symptomatic for months are now showing signs of deeper infection. Quarantine time?  …
Yuen Kwok-yung said:"The infection rate of the new #coronavirus is 83%! The last few days will be the last chance to prevent the virus from spreading to #HongKong !"  … #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanOutbreak #ChinaPneumonia
The virus is spreading But not to you because crypto made you too poor to travel abroad 
#CoronaOutbreak the US and any countries that allows  flights from countries that have the virus need to halt all flights this is spreading fast and not gonna be contained if that one person slips away undetected before it spreads around the
Marburg virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever similar to Ebola and has an exquisitely high mortality rate.  …
The first case of coronavirus in Australia has been confirmed in Victoria, authorities have announced. A man, aged in his 50s, was confirmed to have contracted the virus after spending two weeks in Wuhan, and arriving in Melbourne on January 19. 
Number of confirmed China virus cases soars to nearly 1,300, says official | via @AFP 
#BREAKING Victorian health officials has confirmed a 50-year-old man has coronavirus, in the first confirmed case of the SARS-like virus in Australia 
新年快樂 chúc mừng năm mới 新年快乐 Year of Vietnamese ratatouille, Saigon edition, happy new year ma King n queens, wash ya hands and cover ya mouth n nose when you sneeze n cough, carry hand sanitizer, this virus scary if you ain’t careful!! 
China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,000 infected  
how about a pangzai virus that just turns you into a chill party dude
BEIJING (AP) -- China reports number of cases of new virus has increased to 1,287 and the death toll has risen to 41.
Please refrain from calling this 2019-nCoV a “killer virus”. Last year, 140.000 people died from measles, 770.000 from HIV, 405.000 from malaria, And 1.500.000 from tuberculosis. I can guarantee you that all these people are equally dead as the people who died from the 2019-nCoV.
Guys friendly reminders: -today is Chinese New Year, it might get traffic in some areas of the metro, I suggesy leaving earlier than usual -wear facemasks! with the eruption of Taal Volcano and the breakout of the Corona virus, the air is quite different~
Eyewitness footage captured, Friday, January 24, shows empty streets in Wuhan, as China steps up measures to contain a virus that has killed at least 41 & infected more than 800. At Least 10 Chinese Cities on Lockdown; 830 Confirmed Coronavirus Cases  
Striking @AFPphoto of China racing to build hospital for virus outbreak in 10 days  
#BREAKING Number of confirmed China virus cases soars to nearly 1,300, says official 
10x more cases, by itself, wouldn't be surprising from just about any respiratory virus. If truly under reporting, China only does itself a disservice.  …
Chinese market at heart of deadly virus sold koala, snakes, bats, wolf pups and more  …
This is getting scary. China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,000 infected  …
Ok ive been trying not to freak but its for reals folks we all gonna die from the corona virus and im not even kidding i always knew corona was gonna be the death of me now i know for sure lets be nice to each other hold hands and pray *hyperventilating*
Chinese government is very much determined to curb this virus. President Xi has already ordered resolute measures to get it under control. We are also working with  -- WHO and other foreign governments. We can put it under control. Sky News video 
Five people in NSW are being tested for coronavirus, authorities have confirmed. A @NSWHealth spokesperson said there were no confirmed cases of the virus in the state, but five people were under investigation. 
Three cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been identified in France, the Health Ministry says. They are the first European cases of the newly discovered virus, officials said.  
You know what goes good w the corona virus??? Lyme disease
you're telling me if i drink this Corona then I'll get a virus?
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility that's  key in fighting the outbreak  …
France confirmed the 1st three cases of a new virus from China in Europe. Most of the 1K+ cases, and all 41 deaths so far, have been in China, where an unprecedented 36M people are under a transportation lockdown. 
As you can imagine the corona virus has been fodder for a lot of jokes here 
Nigerians and @MBuhari are we prepared if this  knocking? I want to believe that we av put contingency plans Together if this hits home. This is not time for useless political talks. We need to be alive to politic.  …
It’s a virus scientists have never seen before. New infections are confirmed every day despite an unprecedented quarantine. The death toll is rising, too. Is it time to panic about coronavirus? Here's what the experts say:  …
It is hard for a nation to be intelligent when its leaders prize stupidity. I like old-fashioned values. Truth. Honor. Fairness. Compassion. Building something. Here, values are intimidation, lying, and a kind of stupidity that infects the population like a virus. Eats brains.
Chinese officials say the coronavirus death toll has risen to 41. Globally, more than 1,000 people have been infected. No confirmed cases in Canada but the virus has been detected in Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Nepal, France and the U.S.
#كورونا The virus spreads like wildfire in #China , death toll rises as more cities restrict travel. China is set to build a hospital with 1000 beds within this  …
If we nickname next year’s seasonal influenza the “Wu-Tang” virus will you all get your damn flu shots?!
I’m not into the fear mongering that is usually associated with virus outbreaks. However the reaction from China has me a bit concerned. Locking down 40+ million people and building a new hospital in days Gates involved Vaccine stocks flying up CONCERNED
One way experts judge how deadly a pathogen (virus, bacteria, etc) is by the "case-fatality rate," which is the #of deaths / #infected people. It's WAY too early to know what this is, because it takes time for patients to succumb to the infection.
In addition to being highly contagious, this novel #coronavirus can cause a SEVERE infection that can kill even healthy people. It's rare to see BOTH of these (bad) attributes in the same novel virus. Usually, it's one or the other.
The coronavirus sounds lit tbh. Pop a corona & let the virus hit with the boys amirite
Me watching updates on corona virus every hour 
Corona virus-related numbers climb to 1000+ cases and 40+ deaths: - 15 more deaths and 180 new cases in China’s Hubei province - U.S. monitoring more than 60 people - France confirms 2 cases  …
me downing coronas hoping i get the corona virus and die  …
Say there’s a shortage on anti-virus masks supplies in #HongKong, but I do wanna give a heads up for all you guys, be very careful when you buying masks. Some dishonest Chinese businessmen manufactured substandard masks like this Source @HKGoldenforum  
#BREAKING China virus death toll jumps to 41, according to government 
For such viruses its not  Eg Spanish flue was ravaging globe until it mutated within a month to strain of virus that became non-fatal and human immunity system killed it with ease. Humanity got super lucky then.
I Am Immune To The Corona Virus I Already Got The Modelo Virus Foo
Regime Change Roth apparently thinks China should ignore the corona virus outbreak and allow it to  a full scale epidemic. This is psychotic concern trolling.  …
What’s happening in #CA50 is "just the latest manifestation of how the virus that is @realDonaldTrump has infected the GOP...Is it any wonder why the Republican Party is an endangered species in California?..It's a race to the bottom." I tell  …
France, the only country to say: Nah I am going to put signs at the entrance of the airports and the virus will not enter on my borders for weeks ! Also France: Three people officially infected by #coronarovirus at the end of the 
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine  
Man have you dripping and protected against the Corona Virus this fete szn 10/10  …
#UPDATE A massive quarantine effort covering 13 cities is in effect in China aimed at containing a deadly virus, as the death toll climbed to 26 and the first cases of the disease were reported in Europe and South Asia 
War, Eruption of Volcanoes, Earthquakes and Virus all happened in one month
A second person is infected with the coronavirus in the U.S., dozens of others are being monitored. China is expanding efforts to contain the spread of the virus.  …
this corona virus shit so annoying 
They need a new name for the Corona Virus. It actually sounds kinda fun, if you add a lime wedge.
China - building a hospital in 10 days for patients of the virus. Ministry of Health New Zealand - still thinking about options for a car park for patients at Christchurch hospital.
Meanwhile at Corona brewery offices they’re trying to figure out who to pay to rename it the Dos Equis Virus
Coronavirus Threatens And May Bring Down The Evil Political, Economic, & Social Structure Of Communist China Praying for The Safety Of All God-and-Freedom-Loving People China Suddenly Increases Death Toll By Over 60% As Virus Jumps To Europe | Zero Hedge  …
Gonna put a lime in my corona virus n ride it out
Modelo virus sounds more appealing tbh 
bruh even  got infected with the cortana virus lmao 
Is it just me or does Mr Pool's latest video that he posted back in 2019 show a 'virus' being spread and air horns warning everyone, "What Can You Do"?  
In non-coronavirus news, Marburg was just found in bats in Sierra Leone (PCR & live virus)--where no human Marburg cases have yet been diagnosed.  …
Gonna take advantage of the corona virus panic and encourage the Vincy TL to have good hand hygiene and be vigilant. There have been 5 > cases of vomiting and diarrhea each day at the ED for the past week. A bad stomach bug is going around. Be smart with food choices as well.  …
When they're not getting killed by bombs, civilians in #Yemen are dying of diseases such as dengue fever. This deadly disease is caused by "the world’s fastest-spreading mosquito-borne virus," and has been spreading rapidly in the port city of Hodeidah. 
0000 bangtan vip front row jk eyes contact dieu protege bangtan virus ntm
Corona virus??? I only drink Modelos foo
“We have to get serious about the threat of  from China. I don’t trust Communist China to coordinate in a transparent and efficient manner when   the threat of the virus" 
As more cases of a new coronavirus are being reported, major airports around the world are putting screening measures in place in an attempt to contain the virus. Global News' @alleywilson_ explains. ALSO SEE:  
Gee, I wonder how this whole virus started in China   - live mice for lunch 
Different forms of Corona Virus knowing they will destroy all humans on earth 
If you feel anxious about the virus, it may help to remember that emerging health threats can feel wildly amplified by the incremental news updates. The 2017 flu killed 80,000 Americans. If we got push alerts for every one ... I mean, probably more people would get vaccinated.
OH, YES!!! MR. PRESIDENT...PUT A TRAVEL BAN ON BOTH CHINA AND THE PHILLIPINES!!!! THIS VIRUS IS WORSE THAN IT SEEMS!!!  …
A @Baylor University student has the second suspected case of the coronavirus in Texas. The first was a @TAMU student who recently traveled from Wuhan, China, where the virus originated. Both are quarantined.  …
Johns Hopkins Builds Tracking Map Of Coronavirus: Currently 939 Infected, 26 Deaths Globally I think it's a great tool. How concerned are you about the spread of the virus?  … via @SaraCarterDC
It’s a virus scientists have never seen before. If this were a Hollywood movie, now would be time to panic about coronavirus. But should you? Here’s what the experts say:  …
Corona virus arriving in France 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE - U.S. President Trump praises China 'efforts and transparency' on virus - Virus fears spook U.S. shares, oil prices - Canadian dollar slips as oil prices fall on virus scare (Source: Reuters)
New Perspective article: A novel coronavirus, designated as 2019-nCoV, emerged in Wuhan, China, at the end of 2019. Although many details of the emergence of this virus remain unknown, it has put global public health institutions on high alert. #nCoV2019 
“They’re talkin about this new coronavirus that’s going around. Crazy cause I feel like I’ve had a virus in me ever since we stopped talking. Just wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you. Stay safe.” 
Me h24 7/7 : “I wanna d*ie” *receives news alerts about deadly virus and a possible threat of global pandemic” Me : 
In a new editorial on #nCoV2019, Stanley Perlman, M.D., Ph.D., writes that "it will be important to obtain as many temporally and geographically unrelated clinical isolates as possible to assess the degree to which the virus is mutating." 
So lemme get this straight. There’s a virus. 900 confirmed cases, 26 deaths. 46M quarantined in 13 cities...over 26 deaths? That’s like the flu on a good day. Something doesn’t add up. Im guessing we are being lied to by a factor of 1000 or more. just a hunch, nothing more
Wuhan (ground zero for Corona Virus) is home to a Chinese PLA (People’s Liberation Army) BSL-4 maximum security biolab dedicated to researching deadly infectious pathogens. This is the origin point of the virus.
2/ hmmm... the end of trading day saw high yield widen and VIX term structure invert. - market attempting to price “economic speed bump” from Corona virus and Boeing Could be sloppier than I am initially thinking
Landed at the Delhi Airport. Huge line of passengers travelling from Hong Kong / China being screened for #coronoavirus ... wonder if this virus is already amidst us and if the Chinese who were clearly working with this killer bug will share / develop the antidote @ARanganathan72
PLEASE WATCH OUT. People all over the world PLEASE be Careful!!! There is a deadly virus spreading all around the world! It's called Coronoavirus. There are reported cases in USA and all over Asia! There are reported cases in France, UK and Finland too! WEAR MASKS 
This is how the virus spread from one city to the whole world.  …
Mainland nurse claimed 90,000 infected #coronavirus in,CCP hide the truth.1 infected wl spread virus to 14ppl. At least 300,000 ppl runaway just fm Wuhan b4 it's locked down,they can go anywhere by flight & train once they runaway fm those locked cities. 
What are the symptoms of 2019 Novel Coronavirus ( #2019nCoV)? How does the virus spread? Learn the answers to frequently asked questions here:  . 
Ok since the corona virus will kill us all I Can say it now : I hate you all
three coronas a day keeps the virus away
World War III, earthquakes and now a fucking virus? What the hell is happening 2020? 
Front page of iweekend Virus crisis talks: UK risk is ‘low’ First cases confirmed in Europe 36 million Chinese people in lockdown Public health chief says coronavirus ‘highly likely’  to Britain NHS medics placed on heightened alert 
There are very, very likely a bunch of people with the virus who don't yet know they're infected and have been travelling. Doesn't it make more sense to declare this an emergency now and dispense the extra funds needed to control it where it pops up next?
Huh? Throwing up a hospital for a virus? Surely somebody knows this is gonna be serious...  …
Like, I'm not an expert or anything, World Health Organization, but I kind of feel like a virus with a 2-week incubation period that's shut down 14 Chinese cities in 2 days and is now in several countries around the world *IS* a Global Health Emergency. What am I missing?
New: "If we spend a few hundred million dollars creating a SARS vaccine and find it doesn’t work on the next virus to emerge, we’ve just wasted a few hundred million dollars and we will lose lives because of that." 
Apparently, a snake ate an infected bat & a human ate that snake. The virus spread from Wuhan Huanan Wholesale Seafood Market which sells all kinds of meat including poultry, donkeys, sheep, pigs, camels, foxes, badgers, bamboo rats, hedgehogs & reptiles.  …
why is everyone talking about a virus
Officials in Wuhan initially downplayed the new virus 
Pleased to see our expert Dr. @timothysheahan answering #wuhanvirus questions from the public via @BBCWorld. Watch to learn exactly how the virus is transmitted. 
Heads up for people freaking out: practice good hygiene, proper hand washing, masking or staying home if appropriate and allowed, etc every day. You're more likely to die from the flu than a virus the news is freaking out about. Never hurts to he safe. (Also get vaccinated). 
China put innocent Muslims in torture prisons and now they got a deadly virus spreading...
For all of our military power, technology and abilities: an enemy smaller than a speck of dust can actually end us. That alone should be motivation enough to unite with one another: a virus does not care about religion, nationality, gender or money. We only have each other.
Thing is, if this virus is the Cabal in an effort to distract or halt disclosure, Trump will have prepared for that. His  on the subject suggest he has, so this should be interesting.
Déjà vu? A week dominated by headlines of a spreading respiratory virus had investors recalling pandemics past, from SARS in 2003 to the Ebola scare six years ago. 
Thanks to open sharing by @CDCgov, we now have the genome of the #nCoV2019 virus from the case in Washington State.  has been updated with this data (shown here in red). 
It's too early to tell if this new virus from China will prove as deadly as its close cousins SARS and MERS. 
3. As of right now, the origins of the virus are attributed to a seafood and meat market in Wuhan. 
Glad you’re not banning US citizens with the virus from returning home, like you suggested for those with Ebola.
For what? Eating bats and transmitting the resultant virus to Chicago?
24 days into the decade, australia is burning, america is starting ww3 and a super contagious deadly virus is breaking out and spreading 
Who started the Corona Virus?
Articles like this are just as bad as those pushing panic and doomsday. You shouldn't panic over this virus but you also shouldn't ignore it and downplay it.  …
w all the corona virus shit going on it really IS modelo time huh
Correlation is not causation: China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center  … via @MailOnline
Here's a glimpse of new virus-related developments that occurred overnight. Total of confirmed cases now 939+, 26 dead. China restricts travel for 46+ million people across 16 cities as the death toll surges. AFP reports that the virus has jumped to Europe Wuhan Hospital 
fires, earthquakes, hail & and a deadly virus slow down miss january
RE: Corona Virus It was being developed by China as a bio weapon. Whether it was accidentally or intentionally released from containment - at this point - doesn’t matter. We’ll know soon enough how bad it is, but right now there is a great deal of panic behind closed doors.
Two people in France have been known to be infected. The virus reached Europe...soon more will be infected and thus it will  a world wide pandemic.
She asked ppl to avoid going out. Especially during cny as because the disease is hard to treat and control without proper equipment. Also is seems that the virus has mutated since the beginning , which might change its ability to infect people making current measures ineffective
Native speaker here: I affirm what has been spoken about 90000 people got infected and virus have mutated. She repeatedly told whoever watched this video to stay in home and not go anywhere else. Also, the virus has mutated and there is no known systematic way to the new virus.
Many cheerleaders for the super fast hospital construction in China. Meanwhile  on the horrible food safety practices that allowed the transfer of ANOTHER virus across the animal human barrier. Why doesn't the highly regulated PRC fix that problem? We have!
Oh! Another vital issue the United States Congress did NOT address this week: BANNING TRAVEL FROM CHINA TO BLOCK THE CORONA VIRUS THAT WILL KILL AMERICANS.
Fuck a corona virus why don’t u just drink modelo
Not sure if this is real or not but this is basically what she said. She a doc in wuhan, there are 90k cases. Virus can spread from 1 carrier to 14. All medical facilities in wuhan are low in supplies. They are running donation to get masks gloves etc
Coronavirus terrifies us, but another virus already has killed 6,000 in US, including 39 kids. It's called the flu, but no one seems to care  …
We are expecting to see coronavirus cases in New York City, however we have plans in place to keep everyone safe. We are prepared to identify and contain the spread of this virus. Here's what you need to know: 
What’s #coronavirus? And what it does? MT @alvinfoo #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanPneumonia #Wuhan #Wuhan2020 #Virus @kuriharan @mvollmer1 @MargaretSiegien @evankirstel @Nicochan33 @HaroldSinnott @Paula_Piccard  @EduardoValenteI 
when you laugh at the corona virus meme and you start coughing 
“We have to get serious about the threat of  from China. I don’t trust Communist China to coordinate in a transparent and efficient manner when   the threat of the virus" 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE CHINA -At least 26 dead, 845 confirmed cases -Transport ban: 13 cities, 41 million affected -Country to build hospital for virus within 10 days -Wuhan gets 2 billion yuan loan to fight virus -Beijing to close section of Great Wall, other tourist sites
We finally got into the groove with bioRxiv. Here's Zach's work on a drug screen he did with La Crosse virus. It certainly led us in directions we didn't plan, but that's the fun of science!  …
our world is so fucked up, watch every person talk about & every media platform cover the corona virus in china while they did no single thing when a whole cultural genocide against uyghur muslims was (still is) happening in the same damn place
She said that the medical supplies are in shortage. She strongly suggested that everyone should stay at home, do not pay visits during this spring festival. The virus has varied to 2nd generation. Former treatment might not work, it’s getting worse than before.
People wondering why this crazy virus is going about China, Iv seen 2 videos in the last 10 mins of restaurants in China, 1 of them eating live baby rats and the second having bat soup. What the fuck do you expect
It's 4 pm on a Friday, and I'm starting to feel weak and lethargic. I think I have the Corona Virus. 
China rushes to build new hospital for virus within 10 days  
Wuhan is a city of 11 million people, larger than New York City, and a transportation hub. Direct int flight out of the city (and of course from China). Coronavirus is passed like an ordinary cold virus. Here's a link to a real-time map of global cases:  
stop talking abt that virus FUCKEUD IM SCARED
when your hometown shares its name with a beer brand and now a deadly virus  …
Well I guess if there ends up being a virus outbreak at least we all have a stash of face masks
China Quarantines 46 Million in 16 Cities as Coronavirus Spreads Across the World at Alarming Rate The CDC is monitoring 63 people in the U.S. from 22 states for possible cases of the virus.  …
Someone translated on google and in their own words 90 thousand infected with pneumonia. Virus has mutated, can’t treat symptomatically it is awful and 1 person can infect 14 people. They need supplies and to not go out for Chinese New Year
Here are some ways to reduce the risk of corona virus infection according to the Cebu City Health Office and World Health Organization. 
Pakistan put on high alert over outbreak of killer coronavirus in China. Number of travelers to and from China has increased since launch of CPEC. Passengers entering Pakistan through major airports, seaports and Pak-Chn border being screened for virus.  …
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could ‘escape’ the facility- A 2017 article warned of the unpredictability of lab animals that scientist at Wuhan lab intended to inject with virus.  …
UK virus researchers estimate 250,000 people in Wuhan will have coronavirus in 13 days  
Dear @NCDCgov, the way that the #coronoavirus is spreading is frightening. What should we know about the virus? What arrangements are we putting in place to protect Nigerians, please? Cc. @Chikwe_I
Science is cool: @CDCgov is posting the genetic sequence of the #nCoV2019 virus from the case in Washington state today. Tested positive on Monday. Virus looks very similar to the first sequences posted by China.
the virus is spreading and is already in europe. please everyone, stay safe and take care of yourself first. we don't know how it's gonna be
Nothing about this "corona virus" feels natural to me that's just how I feel, so a random outbreak occurs during all of this political tension and chaos ? Doesn't feel genuine to me, it's like someone laughing in your face but you're trying to find out what's funny
Coronavirus The Corona is a halo of light around a planet visible through a haze or thin cloud. What makes a haze or thin cloud...? Aerosols/ chemtrails Possible relationship between this virus and geoengineering? 
Cover Up in Wuhan: 'We've Known of Deadly Virus for a Month' | Chinese Hospitals Turn Away The Possibly Infected  …
Gen Bajwa today called meeting on how to stop Cornona virus I told him that we must stop taking hard cash from Chinese as it might contain the virus. He agreed but later after 1 hour he changed his mind & asked 100 Yuan from Chinese ambassador to buy chicken biryani for himself.
FOR YOUR SAFETY- IF YOU HAVE COPPED CLOTS, DO NOT PICK THEM UP! I REPEAT, DO NOT PICK THEM UP! GO ON THE TRACKING AND FORWARD THEM TO MY ADDRESS. I HAVE THE PROPER EQUIPMENT TO DECONTAMINATE THEM FROM THE WUHAN VIRUS. THEY WILL BE RETURNED TO YOU FOLLOWING DECONTAMINATION 
I look forward to the worldwide virus epidemic; it was always an inevitability of our interconnected hyperglobalism. The third world is destined to be cleansed, and it is fitting karmic retribution that it would originate in China, the center of opaque megacapitalist decadency.  …
That virus in china is wild! ppl are just falling over in China like they went out drinking with nervous nancy. 
Kudos to the researchers. This is a good moment to remember @IlariaCapua who broke tradition, put her avian flu virus data in in GenBank, where it became #openaccess, and called on others to do the same. In 2006. Created the new tradition we see here.  …
What we know now: "still, it is not nearly as infectious as measles virus, which can live for up to two hours in the air after an infected person coughs or sneezes. Nor does it appear to be anywhere near as deadly as Ebola, which is also much harder to transmit."  …
can someone say something reassuring to me re: this new virus and the doomsday clock please
This virus season is no joke When will Chinese travelers be tested/prohibited from entering the US? Their Disneyworld is closed for goodness sake! The plan for a pandemic outbreak in our country, state,YOUR neighborhood? Is that plan solid? Be prepared! #wtpTEAM  …
Someone reminded me that Chinese New Year is tomorrow, so most Chinese nationals in JA gone home, to return. Not be paranoid or anything with this whole corona virus issue but uhmm
I have found the source of the corona virus 
