How did these mosquitoes spreading the Zika virus just suddenly appear at the same time vaccine trials were taking place? where did  from? Why never before?
So, now some questions. 1. What is the cause for all of the microcephaly cases? 2. What vaccines were these women given during and before pregnancy? 3. Is there a Zika vaccine preparing to hit the market? 4. Who’s behind this theory that the Zika virus caused microcephaly?
Weren’t we told that the Zika virus was the main reason for all of the cases of microcephaly in Brazil? So, how is it that 12,000 women tested positive for the Zika virus but none of their babies had microcephaly?  …
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' am I The only one who finds it concerning these things originate in China...what are they experimenting on  …
Parnas is a like a host virus and just attaches himself to evey corrupt and weak politician in the Trump universe
Really don't like i have to make this tweet, If any of you have recieved fps or ping boost from someone , in your down right side of Windows , make sure the Shield has a Green Checkmark , People get their Windows Anti Virus (Windows Defender) Disabled without knowing 1/2 
Davido’s ‘Risky’ is a virus, you can’t not just yell at the top of your voice when the DJ drops that song at any party or wedding. Now that’s what you call a classic. 
Los Angeles International Airport is now screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious, deadly new virus. #lax #coronavirus 
Wizkid Joro is a virus. That Sony has traveled more than someone's album.
Wuhan Pneumonia: Chinese authorities decline  while three more cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai. Totally irresponsible before the CNY travelling rush - what could be a better way to spread the virus as effectively?  … via @scmpnews
A new deadly virus from China. Three US airports to begin screening passengers from Central China. Los Angeles Airport San Francisco Airport JFK Airport, NY Any time I fly I wear I wear a medical face mask to help reduce risk of contracting viruses. You should too.
Lol My dad was part of the team that treated the first cases of AIDS and isolated the HIV virus and I’m here writing about Jacquemus ? 
Infected 2 Chinese citizens now it’s a “New Chinese virus”? Lazy journalism or subtle racism? SARS pandemic originated in China 2002. We never called it “Chinese Severe acute respiratory syndrome”. Asian Flu tho. We’ve been blaming ‘the other’ for years  …
My happy virus  …
Chinese authorities have detected a new outbreak of coronavirus. While this is the same family as the SARS virus, it appears to be a new disease. The disease has been connected to a seafood market in China, but the investigation is still ongoing.
No screening for new Sars-like virus at UK airports – yet  …
- ANNOUNCEMENT - On the 6th of February I will be hosting a podcast with @officialmcafee Creator of McAfee Anti-virus, Libertarian Presidential candidate, Crypto Advocate, and currently on the run from the FBI. We will be talking Crypto, financial institutions, and InfoSec.
The virus of Trump’s disdain for truth and weaponizing of systematic lying continues to spread through the federal government  …
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
"China may be covering up the scale of the mystery virus, say UK experts" I doubt anyone is actually saying that. Surveillance is inherently difficult; and detecting far fewer cases that what a model predicts doesn't mean that there is a cover up.  …
Since people likely present with a range of severity, and this virus may be confused with seasonal influenza, we should assume verified cases represent a fraction — and perhaps, a small fraction — of the actual transmission. The U.S. should be investing in a coordinated response.  …
Coming up @NBCNightlyNews - the CDC is implementing passenger screenings at three major US airports after the outbreak of a deadly new virus in China. #coronavirus 
3. Would be great to get some sense of what the case control study (studies?) is/are pointing to re: possible source of the #nCoV2019 virus. Also would be good to get a sense of how disseminated the cases are, and whether other cities are testing for the #Wuhan virus.
Food as medicine! "With some species of the bacterial strains, stevia increased the number of virus particles by more than 400%."  …
The cia sprayed whooping cough virus on residents in Tampa to promote an outbreak. So makes you really wonder about these so called measles outbreaks.  …
Can u call the cops on a virus? Asking for a flu.
Amid fears a mysterious new respiratory virus may spread globally, scientists calculate the number of cases must be far higher than the Chinese admit  …
Btw the flu shot has dead virus in it which means it’s impossible to get the flu from the flu shot.
avoid a scary virus by simply never leaving your bed or talking to anyone ever
Researchers engineer mosquito resistant to all four types of dengue virus  …
#NowWatching (Revisiting) ‘Doghouse’ (2009) “A group of men travel to... discover the women in the town have  infected with a virus which turns them into man hating cannibals.” @MisartressMel “Zombie Army- Space Nerd” #HorrorMovie #Humor #Horror #scifi #HorrorCommunity
No Wuhan virus screening for people traveling to NZ. But after the Ardern govts botched response to the Measles outbreak followed by lies & coverup, we really cant expect Arderns Clownshow Govt to have any response or contingency plan. They've had none for anything else  …
More cases of a viral pneumonia outbreak have been reported in Chinese city of Wuhan as two people die from the virus which affects breathing.  …
After fighting with a virus for a couple of weeks I'm able today to sing again and reach the higher notes. I'm very excited. Warming up and preparing some pieces for the concert we will have in March.
Deadly Chinese virus may have infected over 1700 people, study claims  
Mysterious virus ‘expected’ to spread to UK amid China cover-up panic – airports on alert  …
No screening for new Sars-like virus at UK airports – yet  …
Jumping the species barrier: A deltacorona virus first identified in pigs in 2009 is easily transmitted among chickens & turkeys, scientists have found in a new investigation  … via 
Airports in New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles will begin screening passengers for a mysterious respiratory virus that has sickened dozens overseas. 
Don't forget to 1- ALWAYS abide by the golden rule: safe sex or no sex 2- Get tested every 5 to 6 months if you are sexually active 3- Seek medical help immediately if you test + to keep your virus at undetectable levels through treatment before it reaches high levels  …
I can't be bothered with Labour's talks about cleaning the party after they lost. Should they have won, we'd only hear a much different rhetoric. They let it fester for far too long for it to be just a virus. It's now an essential organ and at the heart of it.
We now have a genuine transition unfolding from "outbreak" to "epidemic" with #WuhanPneumonia #NovelCoronavirus -- and clearly the virus has long-since ceased being centered in the Wuhan fish market (which has been closed since Jan 3). This really feels like #SARS  …
Over 1000 people 'likely' infected by Wuhan virus in China, say researchers  
Your free anti-virus software - the movie #CyberSecurity #Fun #Video @Dahl_Consult @cybersecboardrm @HaroldSinnott @RichSimmondsZA @digitalcloudgal @archonsec @BillMew @_SChmielewski @PVynckier @TriciaKicksSaaS @ipfconline1 @robmay70 @gabsmashh  …
The true scale of the SARS-like virus in China is likely far bigger than reported, some estimates 1,723 people infected. Fears that it will spread farther & faster with the Lunar New Year on the 25th. 2020 is the Year of the Rat. #Outbreak #Pandemic #Coronavirus 
Scientists warn over outbreak of Chinese virus 
Scientists at the University of California San Diego have #genetically modified #mosquitoes to carry an #antibody blocking them from carrying all 4 types of #Dengue virus.  …
New York is descending  chaos. Thanks libs, another great American city collapsing because of the liberal virus you’ve infected this country with. Disgusting.  …
. @Telegraph/ @annegulland There is a mystery deadly virus sweeping through south east Asia: could it be the next Sars? w/ @MackayIM quotes and nice graphics #WuhanPneumonia 
Boo Seungkwan being a happy virus and actually making me giggle like a child #OdeToYouInMexico #OdeToYou #happyseungkwanday 
If your virus goes viral are you an influenzer?
This is incredibly promising. Mosquitoes engineered to repel dengue virus could potentially make this deadly virus a thing of the past. If we can do this for dengue, the applications for other mosquito-transmitted diseases are exciting.  …
Geez...if Trudeau can build a $252k  centre” at Roxham Rd, PQ c/with a quarantine facility, you would think he wud step up his game at major Cdn airports with proper protocols to ensure Cdn’s health, rather than rely on messsge boards & honesty re virus. #NotInTheBudget
The number of cases in an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in China is likely to have been grossly underestimated, according to a new study, which warns that human-to-human transmission of the mysterious virus may be possible. 
#UPDATE The true scale of the outbreak of a mysterious SARS-like virus in China is likely to be far bigger than officially reported, scientists have warned, as countries ramp up measures to prevent the disease from spreading  #Wuhan 
Three major U.S. airports have announced they will start screening all passengers arriving on flights from central China after a new mystery virus has taken the life of a second victim. 
HK govt publishes #of people quarantined, their status, virus identified every day on its website. So far 90 suspected cases, zero confirmed to be Wuhan strain, very few even in coronavirus family. So maybe stick to talking abt what you actually know   …
It may look like business as usual in Wuhan amid a virus outbreak - but people I spoke to said hospitals are full and there is a lot of fear among people with sick relatives  …
"tare zameen pe" wale teacher apko mile honge hme to 3idiots wala virus mila hai
This PC > Documents > New Folder > Program Files > Program Files(×86) > New folder > New folder > New folder > New folder > New folder > virus > Heaven
A mad scientist unleashed a dangerous virus and it has reached our school! The school is  lockdown and your mission is to find the cure before it's too late Challenge your investigative skills by playing VIRUS at Room 113 on both fair days. Entrance fee is Php50 
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' #chinesePneumonia - The number of people already infected by the mystery virus emerging in China is far greater than official figures suggest. - UK experts estimate the figure is closer to 1,700.  …
CCP is still trying to cover up the outbreak, coz #ChineseNewYear  Chinese govt have to let the people out for vacation smoothly, even though this would spread the virus all over the world 
Scientists think killer China virus has affected 1,700 despite only 50 cases  
"Unrealistic expectations attract disappointments..."
Fuck yeah I’m gonna use this to pump bitcoin. Maybe this is what Pomp meant by “the virus is spreading”
US airports to screen passengers for new Chinese virus that has killed two  
The number of cases in an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in China is likely to have been grossly underestimated, according to a new study, which warns that human-to-human transmission of the mysterious virus may be possible 
This cannot be repeated often enough. Sick for decades with "negative" tests did not give doctor license to tell me I am not fighting off a virus or other acquired disease or pathogen! #MyalgicE requires specialized testing. See  …
China virus which killed four may be more widespread - report  …
Donald Trump with a nuclear button to hand. A deadly new virus spreading from China. Makes you nostalgic for locusts plagues, frankly.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how u made them feel....
Look at the CUTENESS of the impending doom virus that is about tae kill off all of humankind. x  …
China reports new Wuhan virus cases ahead of key holiday  
The disease is caused by a virus now called the “Chinese CoronaVirus”. It is a virus never known of in human history but quite related to the same virus that caused the 2002/2003 SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) which infected 8,000 people killing 700 in 26countries.
FLASH: A mysterious virus is causing serious chest infection in China killing people. 51 victims 7 in critical condition 2 dead Has spread to Japan and Thailand. USA now screens people at airports. It takes a second to retweet till nigerian aviation is aware. Help save a life! 
They also eat ticks and fleas and other vermin that make us ill. And, no, there’s no fear of rabies with them. Their body temp is too low for the virus to survive.
Virus casts shadow over China's biggest festival, but little worry at epicenter  
China reports new cases in Wuhan virus outbreak 
Reuters tried to ask the Chinese government about the new report that estimates over 1,700 people have the new Chinese virus. Nobody in the Chinese government   
#UK scientists have estimated that the #China virus outbreak is much worse than we think. There’s been no official response yet to their estimate of closer to 1,700 infections and potential human to human transmission.  …
Report: Over 1,700 Infected with Chinese Virus - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE  …
Here's a link to the report by British scientists that estimates 1,723 people have been infected by the new Chinese virus, rather than the 41 claimed by Chinese authorities  …
3 years ago. In Madagascar #sequencing4farmers I’ve never seen such poverty. I hope in  year we can go back and try again. Not a single #cassava plant was virus free. I have no idea wtf the scientists who continue to publish papers with their samples are doing. 
A girl is happiest when she knows that u make her your everything In front of everyone , everytime..
Us lefties been totally outplayed by the Right mega rich donors like Gina, total domination of IPA, fossil f ind Govt, MSM Murdoch, Jones et all. We’ve got to  far more skilful  lies, misinfo. Antagonising those spreading the virus doesn’t work, but how? #auspol
Surprise, Surprise. “The Travis County resident recently diagnosed with the first confirmed case of rubella since 1999 was fully vaccinated against the virus, the patient’s doctor’s office confirmed.” #Merck #Whistleblower #fraud  …
Envy is a virus that can infect everything you do. It’s better to be generous and praise the good you see in others. #leadership #personalgrowth
"New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds.' There have been 45 laboratory-confirmed cases of the new virus, but UK experts estimate the figure is closer to 1,700." - Is it really that difficult for the Chinese government to tell the truth?  …
When the doctor tells you to take your medicine at 10 but you take it at 9 so you can surprise the virus 
China reports new cases in Wuhan virus outbreak  
The number of people infected by a mystery SARS-like virus that has killed two people in China is likely hundreds more than officially reported. The scientists estimate a 'total of 1,723 cases' in Wuhan would have been infected as of January 12  
Why is influenza droplet isolation only, not contact too, when the virus can live on surfaces so long?
US airports to screen passengers for new Chinese virus that has killed two  
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
I would rather perform my own bowel surgery with a sharpened lolly stick, dipped in the Ebola virus, but thanks for asking.  …
Airports in New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles will begin screening passengers for a mysterious respiratory virus that has sickened dozens overseas. 
This kid caught a stomach bug a few days ago. I was forming caring dad, lemme cuddle you. Now I'm sick AF! I'm a clown. Meanwhile, baba is now back to top form. Next time he catches  virus, my response will be "Depart from me, for ye are unclean"
China virus outbreak shows Asia needs to step up infection preparation  …
A new and rare pneumonia-like virus has caused at least two deaths — now the CDC is screening passengers at three U.S. airports  
UK scientists estimate 1,700 have been infected by Wuhan virus, not just the officially reported 41 -- BBC:  …
US health officials will begin screening airline passengers from central China for a new virus that has sickened dozens and killed 2, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
Here is what is left to add: -18,693,000 malware samples (I'm not joking...) -Fix archives, so Google and ESET fuck off -rootkit.ru rootkit series -Virus Bulletin 1989 - Present -11 Vx Zines -Ransomware paper series -100+ leaked vx projects Send me more stuff!
Thais find second case linked to mystery SARS-like virus, as two die in China  …
A Chinese Mystery Virus has likely infected hundreds, causing concern. #WHO #coronavirus #China VankaPro BBC News - New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds'  …
AIRPORTS SCREENING MYSTERY VIRUS: Federal officials will begin screening passengers flying from Wuhan, China, into New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco for a mystery coronavirus that's already spread to Japan and Thailand. @giobenitez reports.  
CDC announced that it will begin screening travelers from a city in China at 3 major U.S. airports, for a mysterious virus that’s resulted in more than 40 confirmed cases and at least 2 deaths. 
Tonight federal health officials are implementing screening at three major airports for passengers arriving from central China.  amid growing concern about a new, pneumonia-like virus that has caused at least two deaths. @ErrolBarnett 
Federal health officials are deploying medical experts to screen passengers arriving at three major U.S. airports from central China amid mounting concern over a rare, flu-like virus that has caused at least two deaths. Here’s 
yall ever think about how yujin is a legitimate all rounder like girlie can dance so good, be a variety queen, literally a  can rap, a happy virus, probably your bias wrecker and look at her out here singing those notes, i miss yujin :( 
Today's Top News: 1. US Sanctions Iranian Military Official 2. #CDC to Screen for China #Virus at Airport 3. @realDonaldTrump Defends Right to Pray in School LIVE NOW:  
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. @tomcostellonbc reports with @ErinNBCNews at JFK tonight on 
I have a brain tumor/IIH stemming from being on antibiotics for 19 yrs, a tick bite, & a virus. My life has  upended. My 78-year-old mom is my caregiver. She can't afford the $198/mo for the enteral food RX, even w/pharma discount. I can't digest food w/out it.  …
The new virus has sickened dozens and killed two, prompting worries about a new international outbreak. 
The U.S. is going to screen airline passengers from China for a new virus has sickened dozens and killed 2 people. The Canada Border Services Agency says for now, it's not planning extra screening measures. This story being updated: 
US #Health officials will start screening passengers traveling from central #China at 3 US airports to check whether they have contracted a new and potentially deadly ' #WuhanPneumonia' virus.  …
Passengers traveling to the U.S. from Wuhan, China, will undergo enhanced health screenings due to a new virus that has reportedly killed two in Asia, the CDC says.  …
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said the virus could spread and warned hospitals against it. Meanwhile, in Cda the federal public health agency says it believes Canadians are at low risk of contracting a new type of pneumonia & does...nothing.  …
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' 
You may remember this from such fear monger as bird flue, swine flu, west Nile virus  …
#NEW: @CDCgov to begin screening 3 US airports for #WuhanPneumonia virus, which has killed 2 and infected dozens in #China and across Asia. “It doesn’t take much for a virus in general to go from being worrisome to being especially worrisome"  …
SARS-like virus in China, Thailand & Japan whose symptoms resemble pneumonia. Two patients have died. CDC employees are being deployed to 3 U.S airports to check people arriving from Wuhan, China for fever & other symptoms. Wash. Your. Hands. #FridayThoughts 
Pindu, I'm gonna make your life hell if you dare touch or say anything bad about Asim tomorrow. You will regret that you were born. That's my promise. Keep your hate to yourself, don't spread it wild like Ebola Virus. #RiazBrothersReunion @BiggBoss @ColorsTV @EndemolShineIND
When I first came to America I didn’t know what ghosting was. This guy kept asking me out so I told him I wasn’t attracted to his face. He called me a psycho bitch and sent a virus to my phone. This is a story how I learned to ghost people.
#SanFrancisco, #NewYork and #LosAngeles’ main international airports will start screening passengers arriving from #Wuhan, #China, for signs of a deadly #virus  
Three of the busiest U.S. airports will start screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for signs of a deadly new virus that has sickened dozens 
JFK will screen passengers for deadly new virus from China  
More than 100 staffers from the CDC are being deployed to three US airports to check passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for fever and other symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed two and infected dozens in China, the CDC announced 
U.S. health officials are screening passengers from central China at 3 airports (JFK, SFO + LAX) for a new virus that has killed 2 people and sickened 40+. Cases have spread to Thailand + Japan. Travel to/from China is high right now for Lunar New Year, which begins Jan. 25. 
People traveling to the U.S. from Wuhan, China, will be screened for fevers, coughs or difficulty breathing, after a new pneumonia-like virus sickened dozens in Asia 
"Mystery virus" forces @CDCgov to begin screening travelers at three major airports after return trips from 
U.S. health officials will immediately begin screening airline passengers from central China for a new virus that has sickened dozens and killed 2. People traveling from Wuhan, China, will have their temperatures checked and be asked about symptoms. 
ALERT: @CDCgov to screen passengers arriving from Wuhan #China to JFK, SFO + LAX for symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed 2 and infected 45 people. The “2019 Novel Coronavirus” is in the same family as SARS that infected 8,000 & killed 774.  …
Q: What are the symptoms of #coronavirus infection? A: It depends on the virus,  signs incl. respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath & breathing difficulties. In more severe cases, it can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, etc 
The U.S. will begin — at JFK, LAX and SFO — screening passengers who are traveling from Wuhan, China, for a virus that has caused a pneumonia outbreak in that city. The CDC says at this moment the risk of infection to the general American public is low. 
Travelers at 3 U.S. airports to be screened for new, potentially deadly Chinese virus - LAX, SFO, JFK are all looking at travelers who may be carrying this new bug.  …
Travelers to 3 U.S. airports to be screened for new, potentially deadly virus from China, the first monitoring since Ebola  …
No. The 2019 measles epidemic in NY that hospitalized 52, 16 in intensive care, was caused by the actual measles virus. That’s what measles does, it causes measles pneumonia in one in five patients, it’s a very serious disease that killed 140,000 people in 2018 according to  …
CDC to begin airport screenings to prevent spread of new virus outbreak that started in China  
#ShouldICallTechSupport when my virus protection breaks. 
So injecting a virus into our body. protects us from getting the virus?This is somehow better than either not getting the virus or getting the virus naturally? Does this make sense to you?
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
Mater! This handsome boy is one of our Founder's pups. He was part of the inspiration for SF to create a QT facility after breaking with distemper shortly after he was adopted. He is one of very few survivors of that horrific virus! That QT dream grew & is now 
LRT Still obsessed with the concept of Giorno, who's immune to PH virus,  within range and pinching Purple Haze's cheeks or wiping its drool with a flowery handkerchief
New virus isolates from Italian hydrothermal environments underscore the biogeographic pattern in archaeal  - first manuscript by out wonderful PhD student Diana Baquero  
Pebbles is back from the vet. She has a  virus infection but it was caught early and treated with an injection. She might need another on in 4 months. She missed her brother. Since she came home she hasn’t left his side 
If @BTS_twt was a pandemic virus, Earth wouldn't stand a chance
WHO says new mysterious China #Coronavirus / Wuhan Pneumonia could spread. WHO informed the Health Ministry #SriLanka and other countries which are frequently visited by Chinese tourists and nationals to be cautious of the virus. #HealthSL #LKA  
The weekly #ECDC bulletin for #Epidemiologists and #HealthProfessionals is out now! Read more on the situation on: pneumonia in #Wuhan / #nCoV2019 #Ebola virus disease #dengue & #chikungunya #influenza Read it here:  
"White privileged male!" I'm glad this sort of non-argument is starting to inspire the groans it deserves. Are we starting to see an immune system finally getting to grips with the virus of intersectionality? 
Genetically engineered mosquitoes are immune to all strains of dengue virus for first time - Science News - ABC News  …
A 2nd person has died after being infected with the new SARS-like virus. Called the 2019-nCoV virus, it's caused dozens of pneumonia cases where it started in Wuhan, China, and emerged in Japan and Thailand. More @business:  #武漢 
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
If hate is the virus, love is the cure. If hate divides, love unites. If hate is violent, love is kind. Hate spreads darkness and love spreads light. Let us  to spreading love in this new year, because only with light can we drive out the darkness. 
"stop worrying about other people understanding u ..Get in touch with yourself instead..."
"keep the honest moments close to your heart ..."
Don't be afraid to be yourself , even if it means removing yourself from lives that u want to be in .....
GMO mosquitoes with an antibody gene against the dengue virus, researchers have for the first time made insects that appear unable to spread the disease. In theory, these mosquitoes could be released into the wild to suppress the circulation of the virus.  …
good afternoon, has anyone “neon neomu ppalla i need time to catch up anoleullae ne geupan mamui virus”ed today yet? 
This is vaccination against Epstein Barr virus
-good vocal -good dancer -good rapper -good hyung -work hard baby -being  and a producer -being happy virus -being the most beautiful person alive HE'S ALL ROUNDER #엑스원_새롭게_다시만나 #X1_newbeginning @x1members @x1official101 
PhD interview season is here. Reminds me why I chose UTSW: Faculty were genuine- not intimidating/elitist 1/2nd yrs are full of energy. But I paid attention to 5/6yrs & they were still happy->Reason why I still help + let's be real, virus/bact ppl are the happiest scientists
U only want what's easy and that why what u get never lasts.. everybody wants to be fought for but nobody is willing to fight....
Five days bf Christmas I had a cancerous lump removed that docs say was caused by the HPV virus. Slit my throat from ear to Adam's apple. Radiation next. You don't want this for your kids. Get them vaccinated. 
Tea of The Day Thyme (Ten) Cinnamon Sticks (Kannèl) Lime (Sitwon) Bless it with a pinch of Salt (Add honey (siwo myél) if you want it sweet) This tea will help prevent and kill  cold virus and boost your immunity! 
I understand it's nearly impossible nowadays to count on someone with all your heart and soul....
Sometimes all u need is to be heard out by somebody with patient ears and an open mind.....
It may be difficult for Labour folk to accept, but a lot of SNP folk are kith and kin politically. Indeed, a lot of us used to BE in the Labour party and/or support it. We didn't catch some sort of virus. We are Nats now BECAUSE we believe in a different route to the same things.
In addition to the dozens infected in China, a man in his 30s was diagnosed with the virus in Japan, and a Chinese woman in Thailand has been quarantined 
#UPDATE A second person has died in China from a mysterious SARS-linked virus that has stricken dozens and appeared in two other Asian countries, with a new case reported in Thailand on Friday  
Scientists have for the first time genetically engineered mosquitoes that are resistant to all strains of the potentially deadly dengue virus
A 2nd person has died after being infected with the new SARS-like virus. Called the 2019-nCoV virus, it's caused dozens of pneumonia cases where it started in Wuhan, China, and emerged in Japan and Thailand. More @business:  #武漢 
Govt issues travel advisory asking citizens to follow certain precautionary measures while visiting #China in the wake of the outbreak of an infection there due to a new strain of virus which is causing respiratory problems.
Ministry of Health & Family Welfare: Witnessing outbreak of Novel Corona Virus (nCoV) in China, the Health Ministry is monitoring the situation in India in collaboration with WHO.
Great to see so many supporters, orgs & media saying they’ll be supporting #CervicalCancerPreventionWeek. With 80% of us getting #HPV we need to reduce stigma around the virus & smear the myths. Join #SmearForSmear to help @JoTrust share the facts:  
Second person dies from mystery Wuhan virus in China  
English cricket has a serious problem with the phrase “moving forward”. Has spread like a virus.
So on top of tuition raising my laptop is taking a crap out on me. It has a virus and I took it to someone and because of its age and how long the virus has been on it, it’s toast. :( That’s ANOTHER $1,300 :(((( I’m so sad. I could use some memes, pets and crystal pics
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
Second person dies from pneumonia stemming from the outbreak of a previously unknown Sars-like virus in China 
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people and put the rest of Asia on alert. 
Commission for @Woger_Dog and @TheDoubtingLion based on the sci-fi series Battlestar Galactica! Much love for the colorful, dimly-lit ship bridges like the one in this show. Seems like a Cylon virus tried to prevent me from finishing it, but leggy made it through! 
A 2nd person has died after being infected with the new SARS-like virus. Called the 2019-nCoV virus, it's caused dozens of cases of pneumonia where it started in Wuhan, China, and emerged in Japan and Thailand. More @business:  
VIDEO: A second person has died in China from a mystery virus that has stricken dozens and appeared in two other Asian countries 
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
Second person dies from mystery virus in China  
me trying to seduce felix in minecraft long enough to hack into the system and spread a virus to chans phone so i can upload for him on instagram: 
Before people get too worried about this new virus cluster in Wuhan there are a few things to consider: there are only dozens of people ill; at least 12 have been discharged from hospital as they’ve now recovered; the 2nd man who died reportedly also had other medical problems...
Energy is transferable, yah know just like a cold or virus. A lot of the collective are experiencing the same symptoms because they’re tapping into the same energy, posts, conversations etc. detox yourself go m.i.a for a minute cleanse everything. @TheeOracle7
Kenyans have taken a critical step in preventing cervical cancer. The Ministry of Health is providing every girl in Kenya with Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccination when she reaches the age of 10. More than 800,000 girls will be vaccinated every year. 
This mosquito (the one on the right) is resistant to all forms of the dengue virus. It's been engineered to express a human antibody that defends it against all four virus strains - as well as a gene for fluorescent red eyes, which scientist use to tag the modified mozzies. 
 @slipknot Every Last One Of [Them] (IS) The VIRUS Of LIFE! [They] Do NOT DESERVE TH(EI)R SOULS "BACK" . . Why ..? WHY Does Ones Such As [Them] And ALL THE BB'S AND PEOPLE/FAMILIES HURT Because Of [Them] Ask The Q . ! SOMEONE! ASK IT! *+* 
Playing doctor with my kid. 3: I have a virus. Me: Well how long have you been sick? 3: 46 years. Me: Oh, what brought you in now? 3: I don’t know. Me: Ok, what symptoms are you having? 3: Virus symptoms. How does he know?
Akan ku ketuk setiap pintu setiap insan yg memiliki virus HIV, tell the world you are strong enough to face the world, walking tall and tell the world HIV is nothing. Take your treatment and one there will be a cure! I wish I can do that.  …
Working with scientists from @UCSanDiego, we have engineered the first breed of genetically modified mosquitoes resistant to spreading all four types of the dengue virus.  …
introducing the Smash Twitter Choose Your Own Adventure!!! how will you respond to the new direct? joy? rage? serenity? the future of online discourse is in your hands... play it here:  … i promise it's not a virus!
#TritonChangemakers Two @UCSanDiego research teams independently ID'd the same molecule as Zika virus’ key into brain cells — and leveraged the molecule to both block the virus and shrink brain cancer #stemcells  … @CellStemCell @CellReports 
Watch out for the Corona virus. They say that the first symptoms are that you sleep all day and drink all night...  …
In response to the 2019 novel #coronavirus (#2019-nCoV), @CDCgov is working to develop a test to detect the virus which will be shared with public health partners here and abroad.  
Some people asked me if it's available outside China. Unfortunately it's not. The game is only released in China with Simplified Chinese language. Here is a link to the Android APK if anyone wants it though (Not a virus).  …
Also, no other cases reported in other parts of China. Obviously, this virus only travels internationally not domestically.  …
A new virus that sickened 40+ people in China, and killed 1, has now spread to Japan, after officials confirmed 1 case. Both this case and another in Thailand are linked to Wuhan, where the outbreak started. Officials have not yet confirmed human-to-human transmission. 
It's not HIV Virus It's not PIN Number It's not ATM machine It's not Please RSVP It's not LCD Display
Today. HS Virus Icons @pin_069 AM04 KWGT @AMagno68 LS Minimal Icons @BinodRay0 Template @sreeragag7 More wallpapers & widgets in my pined 
1. An #Ebola thread: There's a mix of good & worrying news in @WHO's weekly update. Some good news to start: All 14 of the cases recorded between Jan. 8-14 were known contacts of previous cases. That's been rare in this outbreak. Good to know where the virus is spreading. 
Virus claims second victim in China 
Second patient DIES of mystery virus in China 
So my wonderful wee grandson tells me that he is being immunised against the HPV virus. I explain the importance of it, In graphic detail. He was mortified but took It well. If anyone wants a grandma view of how vital it i, I offer my services 
The number of confirmed SARS-like virus infection cases is growing outside of China, but the official number of patients in Wuhan has remained 41 for a week. A  “from official news, it looks like the virus only targets ppl who go abroad.”  …
There's an ugly virus afflicting film festivals: the increasing subservience of non-profit programming to the short-sighted, reductive constraints of for-profit thinking. And yet, the art form has rarely been stronger. For @NotebookMUBI, I really went in:  
Humour for a 3 Day: If you get a link called "free Porn" dont opin it It's a virus wich deactivates your spelchek and fcuks up you riting I receibed it but luckily I don't wach pOrn so I dint opin it Plees warm you frends Wanks
Sith alchemy was used to strengthen Kylo Ren's helmet in #TheRiseOfSkywalker It was also used for Project Blackwing, an attempt to create immortality, that ultimately led to a virus that resurrected the dead
In #China a second death has been announced in #Wuhan from the new virus the authorities are racing to understand.
ALERT: #Wuhan authorities have reported a second death from a mystery virus that has left dozens of people ill in the mainland city  …
Wokeism is a Mind Virus. It’s very easy to contract and hard to get rid of. Spreads very quickly. Has infected almost all mainstream media... 
yohan x reader au prompt. — yohan is that cool guy who’s known for being cold. he rarely smiles and doesn’t show his emotions. but when he saw you smile as you take his order in the coffee shop you’re working at, he smiled too, as if your smile is a virus that affected him. 
Going to inject myself with the rabies virus because it’s 2020 and it’s my body and my choice and I’m empowered. Any objections? If so you’re a mysogynist for telling a woman what she can and can’t do with her body
Japanese health officials have confirmed a pneumonia case caused by a previously unknown virus that started an outbreak in China,  the third country to identify the virus and raising additional questions about how it is spread.  … via @statnews
Busy at work on   Virus binding to receptors on a cell surface. Foreground is all finished--getting to work now on the background. 
World Health Org is outta control and spreading another deadly mystery pneumonia-like virus, started in China and already crossing country borders. How many countless lives is this 'Globalist-rogue-vaccine- pushing-org' going to get away with?  
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus that has sickened dozens of people in China, intensifying concerns about the spread of the virus beyond China's borders ahead of a major holiday 
You know when u take arvz, nothing is impossible having kids with a positive person may be scary if u not educated about the virus,we hv arvz, and @PrEP_RSA to give u that family u longed for.i am Niqita Pieterse and im living with hiv. Don't pity me coz I'm not 
no one: poetry magazine submission info: WE WANT POEMS THAT RIP OFF OUR NIPPLES WITH PLIERS. WE WANT YOUR ILLEGAL FIREWORKS & TRAINED ATTACK EAGLES. WE WANT POEMS THAT CARRY THE RABIES VIRUS. I WANT POEMS THAT SAY OUR MUM DIED. I WANT TO SHIT MY PANTS.
Racism isn't dying out. It gets passed down, like a virus.
Getting the flu vaccine is an important way to #FightFlu. Washing hands often can also help prevent the spread of the virus, especially after coughing, sneezing or wiping noses. 
Something more worrisome than Climate Change: Now deadly mystery Chinese virus crosses the ocean to Japan as World Health Organisation warns it could spread around the globe  via @MailOnline
I bought some cheap memory sticks from China recently - each one came with it's own virus. Luckily I scanned them before I used them. I think our government would be wise to avoid using Huawei for 5G installations or we might all be in trouble.
Researchers have identified a new virus as the cause of a respiratory illness that has affected dozens of people in China, one of whom has died. This and more in our round-up of the week in science... 
PrEP has been widely attributed to decline in HIV diagnoses (& quite right). But we shouldn't overlook the HUGE impact of effective HIV treatment (which means the virus CAN'T be passed on). Yet most people still don't know this. We need to keep challenging outdated views on HIV.  …
kang minhee the happy virus #엑스원_새그룹으로_비상하자 #FightForX1 
Map locating Wuhan in China -- where 41 people with pneumonia-like symptoms have been diagnosed with the mystery virus -- and Thailand and Japan, the only other places the virus has been detected outside China 
Japan's health ministry said the patient had visited the central Chinese city of Wuhan, the apparent epicentre of the mystery virus, and was hospitalised on January 10 
This is a very important step towards gene editing as a therapy for rare genetic neurological diseases. The ability of the virus to deliver these tools (or any other DNA) to a large % of neurons remains the biggest frontier. But we are getting there!  …
What we still don’t know: the source of the virus and the transmission route. The problem with eradicating the source is that there are many illegal animals at these markets, as Malik Peiris notes, so they will be hard to track down.
3. They started displaying symptoms days after the market was shut. The woman in the Thailand case said she went to another market so she could have been exposed to the source of the virus, likely a mammal.
2. First of all, these patients in Thailand and Japan say they have had no exposure to the Huanan seafood market that China says is at the epicenter of all the cases. This suggests that the virus is spreading in Wuhan.
Looking for an enthusiastic PhD student for this 3 year @mssocietyuk funded PhD project on how to help the brain fight virus infection, working with @CRGGlasgow and  …
VENUS HAS BEEN IN PISCES FOR LESS THAN 3 DAYS and i already caved to give my love away. what type of dumb b*tch virus is this
"Sabar is not how long u wait , but how u behave while waiting..."
Imagine getting HIV, Hepatitis virus or HPV from this stupid sh*t  …
Someone once tried to prove vaccines were bad by showing me a list of ingredients and going "See! They have the virus in the vaccine!" and I was like Yeah its almost like that's what vaccines do.
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus that has sickened 41 people in China, adding to concerns about the spread of the virus outside Chinese borders ahead of a major holiday 
Vaccine Resistance Movement discusses the risk of vaccines on a baby's brain & nervous system The synergy of vaccine derived heavy metal-virus-mycoplasma-excipient toxicity “sludge” targets 3 primary core “electrical grid” stations encasing the nerve center/brain – kin to 
BREAKING: Japan confirms first case of new Mystery China Coronavirus. •The detection of the virus in Japan adds to fears that it will spread outside China’s borders after a case was also reported in Thailand. •WHO warns hospitals worldwide, new China coronavirus could spread.
Lev gets around, like a virus. 
Spread the virus 
Deadly mystery Chinese virus crosses the ocean to Japan as the World Health Organisation warns it could spread around the globe 
Japan identifies first case of Chinese virus 
Never trust those testing strips because if a person has been taking ARVs very well without skipping any day for some weeks, he or she can test -ve but when he/she actually has the Virus
#SeaOfThieves pulled a @VinnyVeeLive I was laughing so much, @katlikestacos 
How great are the LNP IPA? One of their first moves when Abbott, Morrison et al came to power was to shut down our world class Infectious Diseases Lab. Australian experts monitor potential spread of SARS-like virus closely #SARS #virus  …
4 yo: Dad, what is  virus? Sysadmin dad: A terminal illness!
... Today I wondered "I have to assume that hydrophobia is some kind of survival mechanism for the rabies virus, but I wonder what exactly causes that." And now I have learned a lot about rabies and my fucking god it is FASCINATING. Like... this is some zombie bullshit.
A case of the mystery respiratory infection related to the potentially deadly SARS virus, which first emerged in China, has been confirmed in Japan, authorities said Thursday  @AFP
"It is an extension of Train to Busan, after the virus has spread throughout Korea, but the characters are not the same. It shares the same world view and is a zombie action film that deals with the aftermath on the peninsula of what happened in Train to Busan. +
I never asked for someone who could offer me the stars in the night. Just some1 to sit down and watch them with is enough( ˘ 
Memes really are dangerous, and the worst of them are so fundamenral they have  our biological needs: "language is a virus." An entire wing of our civilization is dedicated to stealing your resources through brain subversion. Make a list of the people who profit from it
The possibility that a new virus in central China could spread between humans cannot be ruled out, though the risk of transmission at the moment appears to be low, Chinese officials said. 
Japan confirms first case of new SARS-like virus in traveler who went to Wuhan, China 
That’s cute, when #WuhanPneumonia confirmed that could transmitted person to person; a patient in #Thailand had caught it; and China withheld info of the virus, pro- #CCP netizen thought @appledaily_hk is spreading “fake news”, picking on China. 
A mysterious virus suddenly turned people into zombies! Jin lost his best friend and Jk lost his brother... together they take revenge and save mankind! #btsfanart #bts #jin #jungkook #jinkook 
Dr. Salk himself testified in 1976 that his live virus vaccine, which continued to be distributed in the US until 2000, was the “principal if not sole cause” of all polio cases in the US since 1961. #vaccineeducation @sine_injuria @InsideVaccines 
"Of the estimated 103,800 people living with HIV in the UK in 2018, 93% have been diagnosed with the virus. Of these, 97% are receiving treatment. And of these, 97% are, as a result, undetectable, meaning they cannot transmit the virus." HIV is no longer a death sentence  …
when someone visibly colonized by a cold virus tells me they're "not contagious anymore" I always imagine the virus was controlling them like a puppet
Perspective: Their 8-month-old daughter was admitted to the hospital for  virus. Then they discovered her brain was "shrinking." 
Whether the virus is transmissible between people “still needs to  determined.”  …
i think @Mysticwaffle032 gave me the Espurr virus oh no theres no cure, this is just our lives now smol psychic gremlins rise up 
Our first adventure into the wonderful world of #virology! Great collaboration with herpes virus gurus, Lars Dölken and Roz Sandri-Goldin. Herpes simplex virus blocks host transcription termination via the bimodal activities of ICP27 
„I Have A Virus Coming On“ I Was Told By The Doctor On Court... In 35 Years, Its The 1st Time I Had 2 Use An Asthma Spray 2 Help Me Breathe Better...  …
Staff Roundtable... Me: I'm working on the WASC Review. Admin #2: I'm working on the Strategic Plan. Student-Asst @shaina_win: I'm working on curing West Nile Virus. That was '18. Tomorrow she presents her WNV research at the CSU Biotech Symposium. #WomenInSTEM 
The recently announced #ART Surge program in #Nigeria has kicked off! With PEPFAR support, this effort aims to put 500K more people living with #HIV on treatment, helping them live a long, productive and healthy life and prevent transmission of the virus to sexual partners. 
This year’s flu shot doesn’t exactly match the virus going around, CDC report warns  …
From your friendly neighborhood IT friend: If you see an article about updating Windows 10, don't panic. There is no virus at the moment, the NSA simply identified a vulnerability that could be exploited and Microsoft already fixed it. That being said, you should do an update.
We're going to the vet today. There's an outbreak of parvo virus down the road at Nambucca Heads. Normally i have my shots every two years but Dad's not taking any chances with a parvo outbreak. Heads up Nth Coast . . . PARVO 
The main strain of the flu virus which is circulating currently doesn’t entirely match up with the flu vaccine that is being administered this year, according to the CDC. Will you still get your shot? 
Sinergia entre 2 antivirales para tratar los casos de gripe grave. @CentroGripe @fedemartinon @BioSepsis Effectiveness of Combined Favipiravir and Oseltamivir Therapy Versus Oseltamivir Monotherapy in Critically Ill Patients With Influenza Virus Infection  …
Sending #January #love to all Sorry I’ve been MIA, but been battling this #virus #cough thing with #fever for weeks & my poor hubby has the #flu with very high fever so I’m also playing #nurse right now I’d prefer to be #acting as a nurse or patient on #TV but hey! #LOL
Prayers for an entire household with a stomach virus would be appreciated
We are excited to share a new review, “Epstein-Barr Virus in Multiple Sclerosis: Theory and Emerging Immunotherapies,” published in @TrendMolecMed, highlighting current understanding of the role of #EBV in #MS and potential therapeutic targets  
DID YOU GET A SAMPLE OF THE VIRUS COLE YOUR MIND ISN'T DIVERGENT IS IT 
I Wish I Had Google In My Mind And Anti-virus In My Heart.
DYK? CDC labs can test for the 2019 novel #coronavirus (#2019-nCoV) by sequencing virus genes from clinical specimens  them against the genetic sequence provided by China. @CDCgov is working to develop faster test to detect the virus. 
Mystery Virus Spreads Out Of China, First Case Detected In Thailand #breaking #news #China  …
calling Paul Krugman at home and telling him  has been hacked by a virus and the only way to fix it is writing an op-ed about single-payer that isn't fundamentally stupid
rt/reply with this to clear his searches yeosang pretty yeosang beautiful yeosang adorable yeosang talented yeosang best dancer yeosang best vocal yeosang smile yeosang happy virus yeosang precious yeosang babie 
I’m tryna send my manager a virus to his phone, how u do that?
In the process of helping people heal, be careful not to catch the virus.
Hey, despite all Dem squabbling, I’m set on the list of who gets my vote before Trump: 1. *Any* Democrat 2. A rabid raccoon 3. Any Kardashian 4. Charles Manson's ghost 5. Wolf Blitzer 6. A box of rocks 7. Captain Morgan 8. Any single-cell organism . . . 1,738: The Ebola virus 
#TheThingAboutWomenIs we can work with a headache, cramps, stomach virus etc.... There is NO day off in a women's world! (I love this hashtag!)
As a #CDC disease detective, Alexis Peterson has traveled the globe surveilling motor vehicle crashes, opioid overdoses, and Zika virus infections. Learn more about how Alexis helps to keep the world safe and healthy:  . #IAmCDC
China's new SARS-like virus has spread to Thailand, and we still know very little about it 
Virus, directed by John Bruno and starring Jamie Lee Curtis, William Baldwin, Donald Sutherland, Joanna Pacula, Marshall Bell, Sherman Augustus, Cliff Curtis, Julio Oscar Mechoso, Yuri Chervotin, Keith Flippen and Levan Uchaneishvili, was released on this day in 1999 (USA) 
During a recent investigation in Louisiana, CDC and state health officials looked at the state’s unusually early start to flu season caused by influenza B viruses, and found that the median age of patients with influenza B virus infection was 6 years. (1/3) 
Stop this undemocratic virus from spreading in Europe! #EPlenary debate the continued undermining of the rule of law, democracy and fundamental rights in Hungary and Poland. Statement from @JFLopezAguilar and @SylwiaSpurek here  …
NJ is seeing high flu activity! As long as the virus is circulating, it's not too late to get a flu shot. Cover coughs/sneezes. Stay home when you're sick.  … 
Canceled depos b/c I was sick. Called OC. OC: I was sick last week w/a stomach virus for 2 days. On the toilet all night. Puked about 6:00am. I went on to my depos that day b/c I didn't want to reschedule. Me: 1. 2. Weird flex - not okay 3. WHY?? No, #lawtwitter, no.
Estimated to cause 300,000 cases of illness and 3000 deaths a year, Lassa fever is one of our priority diseases What is it? Lassa virus belongs to the Arenaviridae family and causes Lassa fever, a haemorrhagic illness spread by humans or the the rodent, Mastomys natalensis. 
Remember how Beerus was supposed to be some edgy villain named Virus and than Toriyama read the katakana wrong and named him after beer and based him off a sphinx cat?
In spite of? How about "because of"? New York boy, 11, dies of flu virus that attacked his heart despite getting the flu shot that NIH doctors say is a 'mismatch for kids'  …
Ben Cowling and others have found that thimerosal-containing flu vaccines increase the risk non-influenza respiratory virus infections. So @US_FDA FDA took it out, right? No. They fast-tracked an RSV vaccine.   …
Who wants to see the video to Gung Ho ? W/ @infektdubstep
If SP is well made, PAN India observation can be ensured. This is our best chance! Particularly the content oriented regional films are getting mammoth recognition these days. Asuran, kulambangi nights, super deluxe, Uyare, jersey, virus etc created huge uproar the last year.
"it's hard to wait around for something u know might never happen; but it's harder to give up when u know it's everything u want...." ~ 
I don’t know who the bot named @michaelharriot07 is, but it ain’t me, y’all How the hell do you get a virus on your Twitter page? 
China's new SARS-like virus has spread to Thailand, and we still know very little about it 
Did you know that FIV (Feline Immunodeficiency Virus) is  seen in unneutered male cats who have been involved in fighting for territory? Although there's no cure, FIV cats can live long and happy lives! More here:  
Stephen Miller is as dangerous to America as the AIDS virus was decades ago. His kind of evil must not ever be ignored. Everyone who has ever used the slogan, "Never Again" needs to understand that he is the nightmare.
"It doesn’t seem to be a virus that’s rapidly and easily transmitted in the human population, though this does raise the stakes slightly." Jimmy  on the latest news regarding Wuhan #coronavirus reaching Thailand in @TelGlobalHealth 
Just had a journalist on the phone as they wanted  on my  Who knew a tweet about a virus would go viral.....
 LOL. Then why did Canada give China lethal virus samples and who knows what else.  …
HEALTH TIPS/FACTS When someone with HIV has the virus suppressed to near zero with medication, there is virtually no chance of passing it on to sex partners even without using condom.
Chinese officials: Possibility that a new virus in central China could spread between humans cannot be ruled out, though the risk of transmission at the moment appears to be low. 
When you download any file using your #Chrome browser, checksum & some info about the file are sent back to #Google as part of 'Safe Browsing API' to check whether it's a virus or not. Not all file types were checked before; it has been changed recently.  …
China can't rule out new virus spreading between humans  
It is known that ME/CFS can be triggered by Flu-like illnesses This large study found that a Flu #infection increased the risk of #MECFS by ~2-fold  … #pwME #Influenza #chronicillness #virus 
Treat me right the first time , bcoz i can't guarantee u a next time ...it's impossible to keep me once you've lost my trust .. I'm not saying u have to be afraid to lose me , what I'm saying is ...I'm not afraid to walk away.. #selfrespectComesFirst
When someone treats u like you're just one of many options , help them narrow their choice by removing yourself from the equation.... #selfrespect
Having a good thing is so hard because meeting a strong person is so rare...
Mountain Leaders dread colds . Doing our job with just a wee virus is grim but as freelancers we just have to crack on with it! Do us a favour and stay away if you have the lurgy BBC News - Is it OK to call in sick with  cold?  …
Hello Mr. CEO, You are aware of hackers IT, and if your systems are cyber attacked what will they do? They harm your systems and to prevent such attacks you have to install anti-virus. Similarly #FreeBalochistan is anti-visus for Pakistani terrorism.
Look up herd immunity. Irrespective of your experience, or your health, you can still carry and spread the virus. You might not suffer yourself, but you will increase the chances of people around you getting it. People who could die. Babies. Elderly. People on chemo.
taegi au where a virus had broke out that wiped out 5B of the earth's population and left the rest blind. people lived in small villages. now insert tae who was born with sight, and his twin who was born blind. tae's parents didn't want their son to be different from +
At this time of year with so many bugs around - read this @BBCNews article to see if it’s ok to call in sick with a cold or low-level virus. @CIPD @CIPDpolicy Is it OK to call in sick with  cold? - BBC News  …
#BREAKING: Hong Kong health authorities say it's 'possible' that the new virus from Wuhan is being transmitted between humans, citing the case of a woman who was infected after her husband fell ill -- although she herself never visited the wet market thought to be the source.
Womens are  virus... they ENTER your life... SEARCH your pocket... SHIFT your balance ... CONTROL your life... when you  an old version DELET you from the system.
Is this what you want America? These are no longer Democrats anymore they are the scum of the earth with no soul and are a virus to our founding fathers constitutional values. Its evident at this point they hate independence, capitalism, and pursuit of happiness  
Join us as our happy virus celebrates his 7th— oh! We mean his 27th birthday! Stay tuned for more details, quack quack! See you there! - @xn_777_ & @kimmyung_sel 
According to the #Berlin-based virus researcher Christian Drosten, the pathogen of #WuhanPneumonia is a SARS virus similar to the one that caused a pandemic in 2002. "It is the same type of virus, only in a different variant.”   …
She’s got a fever tonight. Please be careful, there’s a virus going around . #flu #virus #longnight  …
Oh fuck, @SBILife just now sent me username and plain text password of one of their customer, WTF. Do these even have a single security person in  Or do they only have 13 feet wall like Aadhaar and some cow urine as anti-virus?
This is so random but I’m really grateful that we have Jaehyuk in treasure, he’s such a happy virus and I will protect him all cost, he doesn’t deserve any hatred
When a young friend told me the impressive list of things she wanted to  this week and I was so moved I couldn’t answer honestly when she asked me what I hoped to do, which was catch a mild virus that would allow me to ditch work and responsibility for a few days.
I've been laid up on the sofa with some kind of nasty virus, which sucks, but a lot of free time to shitpost on Twitter I guess. Wait, that's not really a silver lining, is it?
Who the freak spread a damn virus at Wasteland !? Y’all got me sick !
World Health Organization (WHO) said that there appeared to have been limited person-to-person transmission of the #Wuhanpneumonia. A woman is hospitalized in #Thailand, which is the first case outside China. Expert in #HongKong worried the virus had already diffused. 
Exploration of the propagation of transpovirons within Mimiviridae reveals a unique example  in the viral world.  … 
#Mayaro virus: a forest virus primed for a trip to the city? MAYV usually circulates in a sylvan cycle of forest mosquitoes & vertebrates, but it has also been found in more urban locations alongside anthropophilic (preferring humans) insect vectors.  
Remember: In order for type 1 diabetes to occur, you need susceptibility and a trigger. One theory is that an illness (virus) could be a trigger for this autoimmune disease. With illnesses happening with high frequency in the winter, we must all know the signs of type 1 diabetes. 
With millions travelling for Spring Festival in #China, the authorities are worried that this new virus could spread. In terms of human to human infection, it must be there otherwise how did those already ill contract the disease?  …
IU Virology is in for a treat this semester. Our seminar speakers include @bryancmounce @EOSaphire @bmainou @DamaniaLab @thebestviruslab @goodum_viruslab, Karla Kirkegaard, and Nihal Altan-Bonnet. Thats 8 virus talks in 15 weeks!
#China’s neighbours, like #Japan, getting a little nervous about the mystery virus causing pneumonia..  …
if ur sad rn like me here a video of a happy virus 
#WuhanPneumonia: “From the information that we have, it is possible that there is limited human-to-human transmission” The World Health Organization ( @WHO) warned the virus behind a respiratory illness that broke out in #China may be  …
Nigeria once had the most cases of polio in Africa, but the WHO may soon certify the country free of the crippling virus. (From  …
The CDC has issued an alert for a new kind of flu in China. One person has died. Medical director of the Nebraska Biocontainment Unit, Dr. Angela Hewlett spoke with @Sydney_GTV about what we know and don't know about the virus. Watch for it tonight on 
1. #Ebola update: Response workers were attacked yesterday at Bandibwame, which I take it is in Lolwa health zone or area. 4 were injured. This is unacceptable. Continuing reluctance to cooperate at places where the virus is spreading. This will only ensure more Ebola. 
Infants from 6 month of age according to the CDC & AAP are  to get the yearly flu shot & if they get the virus they’re hospitalized.
Mystery virus behind killer outbreak in China may spread, experts fear Scientists are baffled by the virus which has never been seen before. Tests have so far shown it is a type of coronavirus 
1. A thread on @WHO's update today on the case of novel coronavirus infection detected in Thailand: Firstly, this thing needs a name. The current label — 2019-nCoV — is awkward & likely a placeholder. They don't want this to  the #Wuhan virus. So a better name, please.
I’m Virus! A girl in Mexico who  and fanart! #PortfolioDay Patreon:  Instagram:  Store:  ……  [ES]:   [at]  
The tastiest chips in the cosmos... Hopper virus included! Get your very own @HotTopic-exclusive #DoctorWho shirt now at  
New @reason documentary: CA has killed over 1.2 million birds to stop an avian virus. Workers break necks, shoot, or suffocate birds in trash cans w CO2, often in front of pet owners and children. Warrants allow officials to re-search homes for 120 days. 
No one is DENYING these children vaccines... parents have ALWAYS had the right to get vaccinated. I shouldn’t expect much from you. You’re the same guy who embarrassed himself on Rogan, claiming vaccines were just saline & virus.
The world must condemn these attacks on the most strongest terms, otherwise we shall never end this Ebola virus diseases outbreak.  …
Just in! New late breaker session on Wuhan virus added to the scientific program for the 19th ICID. Be sure to join us in Kuala Lumpur February 20-23, 2020. Registration special offer this week only! #ICID2020 #OneHealth #Wuhanvirus  
Yeh Madhurima pagal ho gayi hai kya. Hitting a Guy with utensils. What's that madness. They all know that they are on Cameras, Then how can she do this. This is too much now. Both are like Virus as Salman bhai said. #BB13 #BiggBoss13
Can we *please* ignore the GOP's and Fox's nonsense allegations of malign motives of Democrats? They're a font of disinformation, petty whining, and malicious, baseless rumors. Stop playing host vector to their propaganda virus, MSM.  …
in the past two months I've had a head cold, stomach virus, a badly sprained ankle, the flu, and now a man just told me he's going to steal part of my face today* I'm so tired. *it's a tooth extraction but we have to make our own fun okay?
what, you thought angels were immune to the zorc virus? think again. Also, a lupine guest from an old (or is it?) pc game enters the fray! read monster smash here:  or on patreon, where you control the characters' actions!  
Heartbroken today after finding out my friends 4yr old daughter has died, after being admitted into hospital with the flu virus
#DYK the #flu virus can spread to others up to 6 feet away? Flu viruses spread mainly by droplets made when people with flu cough, sneeze, or talk. Staying home and keeping your distance from others if you have flu is the best way to protect others.  
Today I returned to work after 6 weeks. A debilitating and scary virus but there are much worse things. I paused on the way in (also to catch my breath) and marvel at my beautiful office. I genuinely love the people I work with ⁦ @MIFestival⁩ and so good to see them 
African swine fever (ASF), caused by the African swine fever virus (ASFV), has killed one-fourth of the world’s pigs this year. That’s approximately one hundred and ninety five million pigs. Because of industrialized farming, and bacon.  …
Scientists have named a new virus "Yada Yada", a catchphrase made famous by a 1997 Seinfeld episode. Meaning 'boring talk', the new alphavirus has been found in Australian mosquitoes($)  …
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHAE HYUNGWON, MONBEBE LOVES YOU i hope you will always be physically and mentally well, also please remember that you are more than just a visual! you are our sunshine, our happy virus, our mood 24/7, our talented king!
Fears grow that mystery virus behind killer outbreak in China may spread 
the xukun virus has spread.. even the bodyguard is running in the same cute way like xukun 
WHO says new China virus could spread, it's warning all hospitals  
Life is finite & fragile.. just bcoz some1 is there one day , they might not be the next.. never take them for granted & never hide ur feelings... Everything is TEMPORARY but LOVE outlives us all ... DON'T WASTE IT .....
This was the moment I knew Gerrit Cole was born to play for the New York Yankees. Only somebody who was truly destined for the Pinstripes would look like they just came down with a violent stomach virus after a grand slam by little Billy Bregman. 
I admire the Maldives legislation and public opinion on measles vaccination. Unfortunately we are not as ready in Germany and especially on virus carriers endanger others, especially unborn life; such travellers should be denied transport and/or sent back  …
Once u get attached to some1 , they capture ur heart and they always have a place there....and that is why it's so hard for u to let them Go......
Of the #WuhanPneumonia outbreak, @WHO says while no evidence of human to human transmission, the way the virus is spreading “has not yet been determined and human to human transmission is always a concern when patients have respiratory symptoms"  …
From what I understand, that would not be advisable cause you mave different strains of the virus thus u can re-infect each other,  with a new strain that can kill both of u faster. Use protection & use ARV’s till u get to the U=U point then u good to go ngo raw.  …
Thank you @scottishgreens for responding to Virus Johnson's insult. I expect @NicolaSturgeon to do the same. There's a full steam of anger in the Scottish boiler which needs to be recognised and harnessed before the fires run out of 
Here's something yol don't know. A person who has an Undetectable viral load due to taking their #ARVs cannot infect another person with the virus. Read up on the U=U Campaign. Undetectable equals Untransmittable 
WHO says new China virus could spread, it's warning all hospitals  
#ALERT: The World Health Organisation says the new Wuhan virus is jumping from person to person, and it has warned hospitals worldwide to be on the alert for "super-spreading"  …
Chinese researchers have found a virus never seen before in humans: 
The World Health Organisation is warning hospitals in #China that this mystery virus could spread!  …
Amazing arguments from Mr. Ashim Sood who's representing the Crypto ecosystem of India. The way Computer Virus does not mean it's literally a virus, Cryptocurrency does not mean it's a currency! Kudos to ensuring everyone understands Crypto can be utility, asset etc too!  …
Since mid-December, a mystery illness has gripped the central Chinese city of Wuhan. One person has died and dozens of others have been hospitalized. Chinese researchers now say they have found the culprit - a virus never seen before in humans. 
Endemic viruses that consistently switch hosts can tell us much about cross-species transmission. I'm thrilled that work on one such virus that switches between domestic cats and puma is out now:  … Great work @SKraberger!!
"Countries invest heavily in protecting their people from terrorist attacks, but not against the attack of a #virus, which could be far more deadly, and far more damaging economically and socially. A #pandemic could bring economies and nations to their knees," - 
Ppl dont die coz of the virus they die coz of the stigma, stress, depression n denial. I wish ppl can see HIV like any other chronic disease, until then we will hav new infection coz ppl can't disclose coz of the stigma. Guys ppl living with HIV r not prostitutes or hoes.  …
NOT A HEART ATTACK @JeffyJFR hasn't felt well since Saturday night, thought it was a stomach virus. Pain set in & didn't like the way he looked, once again I find myself sitting in the ER in January waiting on labs and doing their barrage of tests. Don't like this place anymore 
Park Jihoon. Most ppl see him as that loud funny guy but he's definitely more than just ur happy virus. He's a hardworking passionate guy, a skilled dancer + great vocals, total performer. He's a soft precious fluff who genuinely cares for ppl around him. 
Opportunity alert: Post-Doctoral Fellowship in HIV Diversity and Pathogenesis, Division of Medical Virology @UCTHealthSci. This is an opportunity to be part of an exciting HIV research team evaluating host-virus interaction, pathogenesis, cure etc Deadline: 31 Jan 2020. More 
[ Target is you ] . . #dmmd #dramaticalmurder #virus #ウイルス 
When the rules are wrong, challenge them and change them. Congratulations to James ( @PilotAnthonyGLA) and @HIVScotland for this victory against #HIV stigma. It’s a virus - not a limitation. 
#HongKong reporters covering Wuhan pneumonia outbreak were briefly detained and questioned by Chinese authorities on Tuesday. NowTV’s reporter was asked to delete footage from hospital. China reported first death linked to the virus 3 days ago. Photo: IVDC, China CDC 
um, Nature...you're drunk! Parasitic wasps produce virus-like particles that are injected in to the host to allow wasp development!  …
Sensitizing young people in Butembo #DRCongo on the importance of vaccination as prevention against #Ebola virus infection 
Beware of the Pox Virus people 
All the while, I told myself, "This is temporary. I'm burning hard, and it feels good, and I know that I'll run out of road and fuel one day, and that's okay." And then I hit my last deadline and went out on book tour and... had a virus that lasted 2 months. My body? Was MAD. 3/
A visual representation of the virus greeting  from clickbait sites like this one.  …
Chinese woman, 61, quarantined in Thailand is diagnosed with the same mystery virus that has killed one person in China 
New episode tomorrow morning. Sorry about the gif, can’t delete it due to a virus. 
Rasgonlab is hiring for postdoc to investigate contributions of mosquito genetic variation & microbiome in conditioning variation in WNV  Looking for someone with popgen, sequencing & bioinformatic exp, virus exp a plus but not required 
Pathogen #genomes can inform public health interventions. However, limited #genomes has hindered detailed molecular epidemiology studies in Africa despite the high disease burden. See our #Kenya #influenza A virus whole-genome sequencing method & analysis  
No one: A closeted gay virus: Do you host?
Antispy - A Free But Powerful Anti Virus And Rootkits Toolkit  … #infosec #hacking #hackers #Pentesting #programming #pentest #opensource #CyberSecurity #rootkit #virus #linux
Maybe border kids are dying from the same flu virus that just killed my 4-y.o. AMERICAN great niece? That border kids die in detention doesn’t automatically mean we’re at fault, and I’m tired of Dems’ insinuation that our border agents are to blame!  …
Somehow real crazy to me when a  and Zaddy my Zaddy @shattawalegh .. Are you ok? Did I infect you with too much #Shatta virus or what’s poppin ?? #Sm4lyf
Am havin The #Sm virus and there exist no cure this Why all I can say is Paah Paah Paah ... #4lyf @shattawalegh
"It stressed that it was not surprising that the virus had spread beyond China." -it may be that the public will be a little surprised, after previous assurances of no spread  …
You're an MkUltra mind controlled chick, You've been sexually exploited since you were a kid. Victim of the sick demonized system, Robbing innocents, your handlers couldn't resist 'em. I feel bad for you Miley Ray Cyrus, You're too far gone like an epidemic virus. USofQ  …
"Never-before-seen" is not the kind of adjective you want describing a virus 
Dipping in to social media today, I had this acute feeling that words as a means of human expression were on their way out. I love words. I love precision, but I’m aware that there are limits to them, and now I feel words have a virus that is likely fatal.
Vitriol many indy supporters have for Labour partly stems from how some senior politicians spoke in 2014 campaign: "virus", "blood & soil", "bayonetting of the wounded". Just 3 examples that stuck with me. How can they recover when many still view them as lacking basic respect?
At least I was able restraint from the temptation of  a Marlian but you see that Terry G ehn, lol. Free Madness virus got to me before I could realize it. Even till now, just shuffle my playlist with Free Madness Part 2 and see how I go crazy  …
At first I thought this was a microscopic picture of a virus or something  …
Since mid-December, a mystery illness has gripped the central Chinese city of Wuhan. One person has died and dozens of others have been hospitalized. Chinese researchers now say they have found the culprit - a virus never seen before in humans. 
When it's time for my ARVS my sweets I take it smiling and think that is the reason why it's working am undetectable can't transmit the virus #UequalsU know your status, start treatment now to save lives #LeaveNoOneBehindUG #EndStigmaUG @Uganetlaw @Matovuwilliam1 
2017: wen moon, wen lambo? 2018: virus is spreading 2019: wen altszn? 2020: Crypto is depressing - a podcast w @CryptoCharles__ *send tweet*
It is well known that Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) is linked to MS, but human herpesvirus 6 (HHV6) is also weakly linked to MS risk. It is unknown whether HHV6 "causes" MS or if it is a consequence of MS (or confounded with MS for other reasons).  …
The #opaline ring was June's parting gift to her estranged daughter. A surprised Meg happily slipped the ring on her finger. Immediately images of her deceased mother invaded her mind like a virus. "Greedy girl." June's laughter echoed. "Your purpose has served me well." 
Did your doctor tell you the #FluShot INCREASES respiratory issues 4.4 times? #STUDY: Increased Risk of Noninfluenza Respiratory Virus Infections Associated with Receipt of Inactivated #Influenza #Vaccine  … #LearnTheRisk #VaccineInjury #FluVaccine 
K is still sick & now C feels like she  down with the flu, too. C saw a doctor & she said that the best way  flu (for the young & healthy) is to let the virus run its course. The doc said that Tamiflu, etc are best reserved for those who have other conditions 
AND IT'S LIVE!! Ebola virus has been a hot topic for a while but do you know the African scientist who was one of the first to ever work on this virus? I present to you: PROFESSOR MUYEMBE Check out the full video (and subscribe!) to find out more:  
My puppy named max has been refusing to eat or drink for the past week and now he just defecated blood, smells like metal literally. My older brother who is a vet student said that it's most probably parvo virus and we need to get the puppy to the vet asap.. 
It’s called the “trade me” virus, it hits a lot of teams this time of year.  …
Having a #geneticallymodified papaya smoothie for breakfast from @scienceally @eat_modified. This biotech papaya saved the papaya industry in Hawaii and allows farmers to grow papaya that is free from an economically devastating virus. #PAGXXVIII #GMO #factsnotfears 
If you get a link called "free p0rn" don't opin it. It's a virus wich deactivates your spelchek and fcuks up you riting. I receibed it but lukily I don't wach p0rn so I dint opin it. Plees warm you frends Wanks
The flu is a dangerous virus that can be controlled with annual immunization. In the winter of 2017-18, the flu and  killed 80,000 Americans. The CDC is adamant about the need to immunize children seeking asylum against the flu. 2/  …
Producers have to watch out for this new "Muse-X" scam where a  contacts you to pay you for a review of their new software, and the software they send gives you a virus and they hack your YouTube. Check it out: 
If still you thinks that singing a sanskrit song and respecting it  than dear librandus #VandeMataram Is   is your mind which is full of lots of virus, Clean your memory as soon as possible otherwise whole system will be corrupted.
In 2009, researchers discovered  in thIS herb were more effective at killing the H1N1 influenza virus than  antiviral drug amantadine! 
How do you find an association between a virus that nearly everybody carries, and a rare disease? A really, REALLY big sample size - thanks to the Swedish National #multiplesclerosis registry. Research via @karolinskainst & others. Me @TheScientistLLC:  …
Chinese woman quarantined in Thailand is diagnosed with same mystery virus that has killed one person and infected dozens in China 
More bad news for us ‘middle-aged’ people: some of us might be in a perpetual state of H3N2 influenza virus susceptibility due to our immune histories from the 1970s. A new preprint from our lab with modeling from 
#UPDATE A new virus from the same family as the deadly SARS disease has spread beyond China's borders for the first time with a case emerging in Thailand, UN and Thai officials said on Monday  
First case of new virus behind China outbreak found in Thailand —WHO 
The World Health Organization confirmed Monday the first case in Thailand of a new virus from the same family as SARS that is behind a Chinese pneumonia outbreak. WHO said it might soon host an emergency meeting on the spread of the new virus.  …
The sad fate of faux #Secular virus bitten journos! They lose balance! Modi hate = hate for Indian culture  …
61yo man is first fatality in mystery virus outbreak in #China leads; disease spreads to Thailand  … #disease #health @Telegraph
Our first release of 2020  in a couple of weeks is a collab with one of the biggest pioneers and innovators of Dubstep.. Any guesses who ?
#BREAKING First case of SARS-like virus behind China outbreak found in Thailand: WHO 
WHO said it was “gravely concerned” about the jump in cases of wild #polio virus. Worldwide numbers have leapt from 33 in 2018, to 156 in 2019, with the great majority in Pakistan.  #globalhealth
When downloading a PDF, if it ends with .exe, delete it. It's probably a virus.
After her fifteen year incubation, Alexia Ashford’s body proved to  fused with the t-Veronica virus. This gave  control over “pods” infected with the virus. 
"HIV has changed since the 80s and 90s. In 2020 somebody who is living with HIV and on successful treatment and undetectable can't pass that virus on." We couldn't support @PilotAnthonyGLA's decision more to go public with his status and help break down #HIV  …
Measles virus can be transmitted from an infected person up to 4 days before and after appearance of rash. A person infected with measles can spread the virus to 9 unvaccinated people in contact. 
In 1950s #DDT toxicity was not known so it was widely used in the US. Being a neurotoxin, DDT caused many cases of #paralysis of short & long duration. In pre- #vaccine era any case of 24-hours-long paralysis was diagnosed as PARALYTIC #POLIO regardless of polio virus presence. 
Most people in China these days are worried about the Wuhan SARS-like virus, but Xi Jinping has another contagion foremost in mind.  
The most important thing is to stand up and realize that u deserve something better than a person who gives up on you....  and go AND THAT'S LIFE !!!
One day u will understand that happiness was always about learning how live with yourself , that ur happiness was never in the hands of others......
Chinese state media on Saturday reported the first known death from a new virus that has infected dozens of people in China and set off worries across Asia 
World war, Forest burning Flood New virus Volcano Its only January 2020.
Since we're 2 weeks into the new year: - When was the last time you changed your passwords (Email and other important functions)? - When was the last time you backed up the important files from  - When was the last time you did a full system anti-virus scan?
#HIV is a virus not a limitation - but at times we have to fight for that to be acknowledged. James (aka @PilotAnthonyGLA) had to change the rules to fulfil his dream of  a pilot. He won. Today  out the viral closet. Show him some love.  
"Just one person's dead, it's not that serious. There's no one wearing masks right now and it's sunny," a man tells RTHK in Wuhan, where there appears to be little concern about a new virus related to Sars.  …
A depressing catalogue of useful idiocy. But on the brighter side, it appears the monsterphilic virus can be traced back to the same ubiquitous sources.  …
Me: If elected president, I will create a virus that kills all people and only people. My opponent: Empty promises. My nuke everything plan is the only policy guaranteed to kill all. Me: Then why are your ears dripping blood? I’ve already released the virus. *Everyone cheers*
They're like a virus.
CDC #STUDY: Transmission of #Vaccine-Strain #Varicella-Zoster Virus  … "We identified 13 patients w/ varicella after transmission from 11  varicella vaccine recipients." Educate your Drs who claim there's no such thing as vaccine #shedding.
husband: YOURE perfect !! me: nooo i get sick too much husband: HEY that is the VIRUS’ fault, we do NOT victim blame in this househOLD !!!!!!!!!!! me: :,)
Me: Someone put a virus on  and said I have to pay them Cop: Ransomware? Me: Yeah here for help, idiot
lmfao it wasn't bad enough that loosh in all his dumbassery decided to get 100 people's discord accounts banned, they're taking it a step further and literally giving people who use autofill a FUCKING COMPUTER VIRUS  …
lol imagine writing a virus and having it named “Skidmap”  …
Nothing to see here! No Hopper virus or anything! Have you been to the pool yet? We hear it's great. 
Shakir broke Israeli law without any connection to HRW work & then persisted in breaking Israeli law after working for HRW. Visa wasn’t renewed. Wants  this to China & NK. Actual human rights suffer when Israel-haters infect these organizations with virus-like hatred.  …
Damn developers. Gobbling up farmland, cutting down trees, paving over water-absorbing wetlands - it continues unabated. As other have noted - we are an insatiable virus on this living planet and I see no end except our own.  …
Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard, and this season’s vaccine is a poor match Translation: the flu shot is still trash.  …
Prayer Request Friends, can you pray for my wife? She has gotten bronchitis and the virus a day or so after I came down with it. Prayer changed things for me quickly, thanks to so many of you; I pray the same for her. God bless you!
Every donation *IS* tested these days. There is a small chance that you wouldn’t detect HIV if the donor was very recently infected, but the idea that only men who have sex with men are uniquely likely to carry the virus is outdated and untrue.
The virus that is the Murdoch media, such as The Australian, has been at the forefront of a climate change and #bushfires disinformation campaign. Rebels, you know what to do #tellthetruth #climateemergency #bushfirerebellion #australiaburns  …
How do we achieve a cure for herpes? Problem: once herpes simplex virus (HSV)  latent in neurons, they shut down virus protein expression and  invisible to the immune system. The virus can hide in neurons forever, reactivating and causing painful skin lesions. 1/n
“Since waking up one day with a virus that led to #mecfs and changed my  I am no longer able to #exercise.” January is a time of year that I find this extra tough. Re-sharing this blog in case you feel the same #pwME  …
If Fluzone and Tamiflu have a clinically significant negative interactions, is it really fair to blame the flu virus itself for causing mortality when both medications are administered?  …
After three weeks of being attacked by bronchitis, a sinus infection, and a flu-like virus, today I feel human for the first time this year. Just two nights ago I felt like I was on my deathbed, today I moved to the couch.
Gwelf Update. The Mossy Kettle pub on the verge of the farmlands. Drinks and snacks for any with the fortitude to walk out there. Finally starting to shake off this virus that hit me like a bus. More soon and Happy Sunday. 
This past week, in collaboration with United States’ CDC, I officially launched the Anti-Retroviral Therapy Surge Response in Delta State  the spread of HIV and to also provide medication for those living with the virus. 
8. There's almost zero reference in this @WHO statement about finding the possible source of the virus. Until that's known, it's really hard to see how anyone can know this event was a one-off & there's no similar transmission elsewhere.  …
After spending 3 days in bed with a horrific cold virus, it was time to clear out the tubes & I spent a good day @LlangollenRail helping out with the vegetation clearance to improve safety & visibility but also to open up the beautiful views of the valley #Deeside 
(7/12) Sadly, slaves were used to spread the virus. One continental soldier recalled seeing a "black man with smallpox lying on the roadside in order to prevent the Virginia militia from pursuing them.” He became inured to the sight of pox-riddled slaves on his march. 
(4/12) Unlike Jenner's vaccine which used cowpox to confer immunity, inoculation used small amounts of the smallpox virus. Because a person became temporarily contagious during this process, he/she could trigger a widespread epidemic, leading to the deaths of many more people. 
(3/12) Before Edward Jenner discovered a vaccine for smallpox in 1796, inoculation (sometimes called variolation) was the only technique available for protecting a person against the virus. But it could be risky. VERY RISKY. 
Second week of 2020 be like: Indonesia Flood Puerto Rico Earthquake Australia mass fires Potential WW3 Philippines Volcano Canada Nuclear power plant alert China plague and mystery virus Yellowstone being hyper active as of late Just to name a few....
China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus. 
You guys, even an  virus can tell... #DailyDistraction #StargateSG1 #WeWantStargate #JackandSam 
HIV-associated immune amnesia means those living with #HIV can lose immunity to #smallpox, despite being vaccinated against the virus & taking antiretroviral drugs, a new JID study reports. #IDSAJournals #JInfectDis 
On the latest episode of This Week in Virology #TWiV we cover the new coronavirus causing respiratory disease in China, the current influenza season, and the epidemic of African swine fever  #virus 
hey everyone! the past 4 weeks have been super rough...i've had food poisoning, a cold, a virus, & the flu. i've not been super present in my art. but, i will be getting back into the swing of things this week! thank you to everyone who has had patience with me! i love y'all
VIDEO: Images of Wuhan Medical Treatment Center as well as the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan which has been identified as the centre of a respiratory illness outbreak. The illness is believed to be caused by a new virus from the same family as SARS 
Major thanks to @coinforensics for reporting @bitcoincoreorg and @wasabiwallet as false positives to ALL the anti virus providers! You're the real MVP!!  …
wear mask always guys, the virus is getting worse
Sometimes u meet someone , and it's so clear that the two of you , on some level belong together(◍•ᴗ•◍)....
me fighting all the virus that are approaching red velvet girls 
may this is the video that will wrapped your day perfectly *sending the virus. . . .* 
Mysterious illness outbreak in China seems to be caused by a new virus  
not a bacteria but virus IIV-6/CrIV will make the host to be so horny that they can just have sex with anyone without attraction to spread the virus even more before killing the host and the infected sexual partners. luckily this only happens for cricket (for now)  …
If Bigg Boss was a Jungle Lion - Sid Lioness - Aarti Hen - Mahira Monkey - Paras Cat - Shefali J Elephant - Sana Bacteria - Vishal Virus - Madhurima Snake - Asim FemaIe donkey - Rashmi #SidharthShukla #SidHearts #BB13 #BiggBoss13
This guy’s insane at Beethoven Virus on DDR. Probably has machines for legs. 
This was the spread of #ASF in Poland - the cumulative number of cases since the onset of the virus in our country (February 2014) according to the counties. (Data for  …
Defendant who helped create and run a service to test malware to see if it was detected by anti-virus software properly conviction of conspiracy with and aiding and abetting hacking by service's users even if they were unknown, Fourth Circuit rules.  … 
Give the love u wish to receive , and if u can't , at least offer the effort they deserve...( ◜‿◝ )♡ if it's not that special to u , get out of the way..........^_^
155/ WHO Int Hlth Regulations (IHR) travel  NOT RESTRICTIONS, are implemented in Pakistan since 2014, rwd & extended quarterly for all countries infected by the #Polio virus. There are NO NEW REQUIREMENTS for int travelers to #PakFightsPolio #PolioFreePakistan
Did you know that HPV is a virus that is transmitted through, mouth ,An*s,Oral s*x mostly and can cause throat cancer , head cancer .60% of pple don't know they have HPV because they dnt get tested .The virus is not just passed on through penetrative s*x: kiss . An licking .BJ 
China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus. 
"emotions are tricky , and they get even trickier when fear is in the mix..." I'm learning to respect emotions/feelings now bcoz i know how much it takes out of a person to express them^_________^.....
That boy drizzy a virus 
To people DMing and saying to trend a ‘get well soon’ hashtag...this may be just my opinion but I don’t think  appropriate. A support hashtag is an amazing idea but this isn’t a virus or an injury so it’s not as straightforward as ‘get well soon’.... any ideas?
The French are a proud people. They don't want to see their nation ended at the hands of the Globalist Virus. Why won't those touting the suspiciously pro-American protesters in Iran highlight the protesters risking everything in France?  …
New #vaxx "nOPV2, might conclusively end the outbreaks, caused by the live virus in the vaccine reverting to a virulent form. But expedited approval means skipping the real-world testing of large clinical trials." Now they have #vaccine for the mess made by another #vaccine.
Chinese state media on Saturday reported the first known death from a new virus that has infected dozens of people across Asia 
not Yummy growing on me like this..... an actual virus
ATTENTION!! THIS IS SERIOUS!! if u have gotten one of these messages (which i have for being a stupid idot) DO NOT CLICK IT!! it is a virus going around 
As a longtime Seinfeld fan, I'm delighted to report the discovery of... The Yada Yada virus! 
Also, if you did click it. Disable it by going to settings and privacy, account, apps and sessions, click on the session that is causing the virus thingie and revoke the access.  …
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ i remember this going around a few months ago, and its happening again. if you recieve a dm like this, DO NOT click on the link. its a virus/hacks your account and sends it to people. please help spread this around!! (ignore the name its on my alt) 
ATTENTION !! if you receive a dm like this, do NOT click the link. it’s a virus and will hack your twitter and send it to all your followers. if you receive one, do NOT click it. instead, delete the message and let the person know. 
It’s a platform that doesn’t have limitations on the cargo size being delivered, or limitations related to immunogenicity or toxicity," said @hopkinskimmel expert Jordan Green. "And, it is easier to manufacture than a virus.” 
periodt. they’re a virus
