Politicians are not dealing well with the fact that we can’t bomb the virus  …
"The UK has recorded 917 new coronavirus deaths, taking the total number of people who have died in hospital with the virus to 9,875. For the second day in a row, more than 900 deaths were recorded in hospitals." - BBC
DKB to host rapperholic Yeeeaaa he is the best! DKB to host BhimNation concert. The best man for the job yeeaa DKB to host Reign concert. Ah this guy paaa, he hates Sarkodie, he never likes Stonebwoy! Eiii man can't do his job in peace! Mujimie s3 columbia virus.
Why won’t Wittman say why he bought Pharma Stock, falsely said virus is NOT spreading, & refuses to hold Trump accountable? Pulling for #BlueWave2020 & tossed in a donation to Qasim to help it happen. Keep asking the tough questions.
This 1st paragraph destroys your tweet @realDonaldTrump “New research indicates that the coronavirus began to circulate in the New York area by mid-February, weeks before the first confirmed case, and that travelers brought in the virus mainly from Europe, not Asia.”  …
US Roosevelt; now has 550 cases of the virus; please never forget;  was fired for caring for his men!!!
Third reported death from #coronavirus in #Haiti out of 33 cases. All had underlying conditions: diabetes, heart problems, hypertension, etc. Important to know the first reported case was an attorney whose relatives denied he had the virus. They said he tested NEGATIVE.
So Noguchi is saying the virus might evolve as they encounter different environmental challenges
A devastatingly detailed article that goes behind Trump’s failures on the virus, outlining how he ignored his own experts & officials who kept raising the alarm about the pandemic from Jan to March.  …
We got the virus on the same day as South Korea. They tested tested tested. And the government paid positive people to stay home and not infect anybody. Tell me again about failing, Mr. Presidemic. 
I’ll make this as simple as I can for you. The corona virus killed those people. China could have stopped it but they chose not to. Fools like you make it easier for them to get away with it.
Is he seriously reading this as the original source of the virus was Europe ?
Fear is a virus to the conscious mind it doesn’t prevent death but it sure will prevent life
Fake News? Military Shoots Down ABC Report Alleging Trump Admin 'Missed' Intel Warnings of Virus in Nov.  WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THAT FAKE NEWS ABC "NEWS" BOMBSHELL ABOUT 'TRUMP KNEW IN NOV.'?... NOTHING TO SEE HERE FOLKS, MOVE ALONG....
Everything in this tweet is wrong. All of it. Virus originated in China. US strain came from Europe. NYT is not fake news or failing. There are named sources.  …
The governments of Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore have all been more successful than China's in containing the virus--and without hammering apartment doors shut to enforce quarantines, or any other dictatorial brutality. So this could be China's Chernobyl after all.
Bring the mask. I mean, not for the virus, her breath will knock you out cold.
We’re more scared of our hungry countrymen than the virus because they will get to you before the virus...
The coronavirus began to circulate in New York by mid-February and travelers brought the virus over mainly from Europe, not Asia, new research shows. via 
PRAYER REQUEST This mother, reportedly, had her two children taken from her because she is a healthcare professional and is in proximity to the virus. Please pray. 
#COVID19 & the Media, today's topic for discussion at #Namibia's COVID-19 Communications Centre. Our @zoetitus is sure to emphasise the centrality of the media in the response to the pandemic to give citizens #ATI to help them protect themselves & curb the spread of the virus. 
Some U.S. churches are still offering Easter Sunday services, despite health guidelines in place to limit the spread of the coronavirus. “Satan and a virus will not stop us,” 42-year-old evangelical Pastor Tony Spell said. 
It’s a little too on the nose for Christians to be planning to engage in an activity that will spread of lethal virus.
Sno-Train Distraction Andreea Munteanu With the Covid-19 Virus effecting us worldwide, please enjoy these talented artists from past Sno-Trains as a pleasant distraction!  … #SnoSongs @15466lf @501benji @5bandmom @64yinyang @ComesAnnemarie @vivien2112
Republican who floated virus conspiracy  sense has been my guide Tom Cotton told Fox News he did not believe virus originated in Wuhan market and said bioweapons link should not be ruled out  …
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus 
BeniJANas pop-up today If you lost your job due to the corona  get free tacos If you work in the medical  get free tacos If you fwm COME GET FREE TACOS While supplies last 
If this virus put the UN out of business that would be a good thing.
 in from Europe to NY, spread a virus originating in China"  …
This is why we can’t call it the “Chinese Virus”.  …
God please heal Nigeria of Corona Virus so that the lockdown can be lifted and people can go out to work and earn money. This is getting too much
I’ve barely heard one word from Trump or a Republican about the people who have suffered from the virus, died, the families left behind, & the health care workers. It’s all about the economy, money, the stock market.  …
The virus has a unique identifiable genome; variant mutations trace the majority of the US virus to Europe. It is called science. #trumpcovidfails #TrumpBurialPits #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath #TrumpVirus  …
On March 19th New York had 4,152 confirmed cases statewide - and Cuomo wasted precious air time on CNN to publicly mock people’s legitimate fear of the virus:  … // watch video
Y’all and the fact that my mom is a doctor literally breaks my heart . I just want this virus to be over with .  …
The Labor Department went wide when it came to exempting new Covid-19 paid leave requirements, but narrow when it came  that have to record virus cases for workers.  … #via @HuffPostPol
First the Chinese Wuhan Virus was racist, now it’s European? Fake News Enemy of the People, aka Radical Left Propagandists, go International in support of CCP Americans rebuke international supporters of dictators and terrorists  
As a physician in Wisconsin, where our numbers are certainly lower, this virus has still dramatically impacted daily life and healthcare workers have seen the brunt of the new stress which can be traumatic. I whole heartedly agree with  …
Hundreds of U.S. Meat Workers Have Now Tested Positive for Virus  …
“This virus doesn’t discriminate” - cheers mate, was so grateful I weren’t getting called a joe daki by it
“Like dogs”? Obviously you know nothing about dogs-you also know nothing about the COVID-19 virus. Let’s see if we can make this easier for you, dummy. A. It originated in Wuhan, China B. It spread to places like Europe. C. From Europe, it spread here. These are called, “facts.” 
NEWS RELEASE!! UNIVERSITY OF GHANA SCIENTISTS SEQUENCE GENOMES OF NOVEL CORONAVIRUS. NMIMR and WACCBIC Scientists have successfully sequenced genomes of SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for the global COVID-19 pandemic. @WACCBIP_UG 
A week ago Saturday, there was 1 person positive in Santa Rita Jail, today there are 15. We need to immediately release people with less than 6 months to serve. The virus is in the jail and it will spread. We can not wait. #Grandstanding #LetThemGo #CareNotCages #StopTheSpread
So much for flattening the curve.... “Satan and a virus will not stop us,” Rev. Tony Spell said.  …
dolphins have returned to the chicago river. we are the virus 
Beginning 2 think the COVID19 hoopla is a big fat nothing burger! Is there a virus? Sure but is it so horrendous we need 2B locked away at home instead of working? I doubt it Yes ppl have died but ppl die from the flu every year Its really about damaging the #Trump economy
1) The NYT report traces the earliest US cases of COVID-19, not the virus itself, to Europe 2) They got "this one" from a study co-written by a geneticist at Mount Sinai hospital 3) Yes, the sources are named. See above. They also cite teams at NYU's med school  …
Here is a glimpse of our 2019 LHSAA Class 3A State Championship Rings. This Corona Virus pandemic has slowed the production of our rings due to quarantine orders. Can’t wait to get back to normal, so we can work on earning another one. You’ll know when we get them. Stay safe!!!! 
Here's Trump's personal friend & misinformation merchant @seanhannity on March 9th: "Unless you have an immune system  and you are older and you have underlying health issues, you are not going to die 99% from this virus" @FoxNews should be sued to high 
Democracy ended the day you became premier @jkenney so don't you dare accuse NDP of being antidemocratic for wanting to avoid the virus when you consistently ignore their legitimate calls for debate on your rushed-through bills. Some nerve.  …
While most Americans are glued to their televisions and cellphones for the latest information on the coronavirus pandemic,  present a challenge for elected and public health officials working to share information about the virus. 
DeSantis not only helped the virus spread in Florida, he managed to help spread it nationwide by allowing spring breakers  to his beaches, get the virus, then take it back to their home states. He deserves all the hate he’s getting.
It’s relevant since Donald “Miracle Oil” Trump let the virus spread to the entire population, Senator Cornhole.  …
When did it  his job to keep you healthy? Why do you call her irresponsible because she won't get a vaccine to keep you from getting sick? Why should we remain in lockdown so you don't catch the virus? What happened to personal responsibility? It's time to get it back
Don't believe the NWO is real? Every single country fell in line instantly. Someone snapped and said, do as you're told, or else. Everything is controlled by the government right now. From you not working to whether or not you can leave your home. Over a virus.
But if your rent is due and you don’t have any then you’ll take it. If you live paycheck to paycheck you’ll take. If you need more money in your rainy day fund, you will take it. If a family member died from the virus and need to be buried you will take it
"Are more public workers Latino and African Americans who don't have a choice... who go out there every day ... show up for work and wind up subjecting themselves to—in this case—the virus?" Cuomo asks. "It's something that we have to understand."  … (6/6)
“The research revealed a previously hidden spread of the virus that might have been detected if aggressive testing programs had been put in place”  …
The worlds most dangerous virus resides in the WH.
This Easter don't forget that this man allowed 20,000 Americans and counting to die to prove to you that he wouldn't take a pandemic virus seriously. Jesus may love you, but Trump doesn't. 
"Behind Trump's Failure" No one reported data that the virus was contagious to the extent that it would kill 2 million people in America. China and WHO failed to report the facts in a timely fashion. This is NOT a failure on POTUS. Hold the right people accountable. Stop BS
My dad beat Corona Virus (Cardi voice)
Can we start a Corona Cut-Thread because this virus trying to keep Black Kings from thriving 
Not just virus spreading. If there’s a choice between starving & stealing people will steal. Eliminating whole classes of people from assistance is a recipe for rising crime rates #auspol
A neoliberal conservative govt being forced to its knees and adopt socialist economic policies of universal wage support and welfare . How a virus exposes the vulnerabilities of free market
More men are calling help lines seeking help as the virus crisis bites. Contacts from women are down because they cannot safely make a phone call. #mensreferralservice #vaw  …
The Grim Reaper still hoping to work on Easter..,, As Pastors Make Unusual Easter Plans, One Vows ‘Satan and Virus’ Won’t Stop 2000-Person Service  … via @thedailybeast
The far-left socialist NZ coalition is  to spending Covid recovery funds on UN Agenda projects. This isn't about a virus people, this is about an accelerated attempt at another socialist utopia....  …
Meaning that the people in closest proximity to medically vulnerable disabled people are themselves not getting adequate care and can therefore pass along the virus to their clientele. Disability is a racial justice issue.
If you care about disabled people dying of #COVID19 you should be deeply invested in the racial implications of this virus. Direct care staff are underpaid positions primarily filled by black and brown people who are being ignored and underserved to death in this crisis.
WH rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by virus  … WE REALLY HAVE TO FIGHT THE GOP ON THIS ONE! I DEPEND ON THE POSTAL SERVICE! READ & RE-TWEET ASAP!
Not only did trump and his administration know the virus  they decided to do nothing. On top of doing nothing, they chose to flood us with lies, propoganda, misleading information, hate, and racism. #TrumpVirusCoverup
Anyone who says the China virus started first in Europe on its way to the US is like someone telling you that your milk came from Whole Foods not the cow. Idiots.
This virus has been awful ... and it has exposed the utter shallowness of this government elected on a single issue which itself was based on a lie. They are so out of their depth that it actually isn't funny any more. They're reacting to mass deaths with a PR exercise.
the fact that tx is reopening businesses again does not mean we’re free of the virus LMAO we haven’t even flattened the curve yet why do they think it’s safe for ppl to start going out ?????
Many in my network, (long-serving, 15- 20 yrs) have been stood down. No JobKeeper. Company's are using the virus to downsize & cull staff. SIMPLE. There will be more casuals because weakened employment laws & Greed allow it. Economy was always on a knifes edge. This exposed it.
Last Fall as US stock markets were hitting new highs & China's banks were collapsing, a pandemic-level virus ‘escaped’ from a lab in Wuhan taking our market down along with theirs. All while WHO resisted calling it the pandemic that it clearly was…  …
Alberta to Canada's rescue. Well done! We're sending $41 million in masks, gowns & gloves to Quebec, Ont. & BC, where virus has hit hard. How can we do so? Brilliant AHS procurement team heard early Wuhan warning, stocked up in December. #ableg  …
Trump never called the coronavirus a hoax. He said the way the media stirring up fear about it was a hoax. (Which it was and is.) Also  on the early handling of a virus, here: 
China: We have only had 3340 deaths due to Corona virus. Also China: 200,000 body bags ordered from Taiwan. Also China: a single crematorium orders 5,000 urns. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus: China should  for their work. This dude needs to go! 
Remember, they still want this virus to "move through the population". It's estimated only 4% of ppl have been infected so far. They want 60%, or 80%. How many more waves like this are they going to send to the NHS to achieve that? When 4% exposure is breaking doctors and nurses.  …
I don't wanna shame people for living. But I also don't want myself or anyone else to get this virus. Just because it doesn't scare you, doesn't mean you shouldn't be scared.
the frilligan virus 
NEW RESEARCH: Scientists showcase that particles carrying the COVID-19 virus can remain in the air for several minutes after an infected person coughs, sneezes or breathes heavily. This is why is it so important to wear a face masks and protective eyewear. 
NEW => Illinois is bending the virus curve faster than other hot spots, a new analysis by Rush University Medical Center docs finds:  …
at least the virus stopped Hamilton from opening here
“You can call it a germ. You can call it a flu. You can call it a virus… I’m not sure anybody even knows what it is.” Donald Trump, March 27 
14th of January WHO said no evidence of human to human transmission, of what is now the most contagious human to human virus in history that was first discovered late Nov. How can that be anything other than a lie? #coronavirus
Wow. Cows are returning to the sea. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
Wanted #MuslimBrotherhood member, Bahjat Saber, who currently resides in #Turkey and who previously asked those infected with #COVID19 to spit on police & military officers in #Egypt in order to spread the virus to them, has reportedly just tested positive for 
But the virus can live in the heat...it was 95 yesterday in Miami, this thing isn’t dying with the heat
Today would have been the last regular season game for these 5 Seniors. The Corona Virus ended the season but not the impact you had on our program. Thank you for everything you did for PHS Baseball. You will be missed. #TPW @PELHAM_AD @PHSPrincipalAW 
Maldito corona virus, I just wanna be drunk with my friends dancing around the polo fields
They reckon Johnson will be out of action for the next two weeks, which means we won’t be hearing from him possibly, throughout the whole peak of the virus
you’re telling me there’s no cure for a virus that can be killed by hand sanitizer & soap.
While the left scrambles to inject identity politics into the China virus media tsunami, one group atop their escritoire of curiosities has been strangely left out: the obese. Yet fats are the only group, says science, actually at greater risk. From me:  …
It won’t be the role of Russians, a dossier or conflicts of interest but the handling of a virus that will crush Trump in the history books
‘You Could Lick the Benches’: Life for the First Wave of U.S. Survivors As the rest of the nation shelters in place, the first Americans to recover from the virus test drive immunity.  …
Bill Gates was born William Henry Both Bill and Williams have: bILL and wILLiam ILL ILL ILL = 9+12+12 (33) ILL = 9+12+12 (33) 33+33 = 66 CORONA = 3+15+18+15+14+1 = 66 Guess Bill was the chosen one to lead this virus CROWN = 64 (Bill Gates Age) CROWN = 28 (Bill Gates LP)
No Virus, No War, No Famine, No Fear can ever take away the reality of Easter for us - Jesus tramples death. No longer do we die in vain, we have a redeemer. Resurrexit Sicut Dixit - He has risen has he says! Alleluia A happy, holy and safe Easter to you all! 
Research from Wuhan hospitals has found virus trvels up to 4metres, & is mostly found at that distance on floors & picked up on shoes. Now think how often you wear gloves when removing your shoes... Doesnt seem so silly now that every other country sprays the pavements, eh?
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus.  …
I’m scared, I’m scared because our fears are now materializing. Nobody is safe and something will destroy you in this country even when you’re at home away from the virus.
funny how this virus is causing so many people to realize only for the very first time the metaphysical equivalence of Sweden and Belarus.
You simply cannot keep a large part of the #Ohio economy shut off for 12-18 months for this virus. You need  up with a better answer. Sorry, not acceptable.  …
The Virus That Brought The World To Its Knees: Except #coronavirus  from someone eating a bat Bat was natural (primary) host There was an intermediate host Evidence points to pangolin as most likely intermediate host of SARS-CoV-2  
“Everyone  together and poured their hearts into their work…We are truly ‘all in’ when  to standing up to this virus .” – Nancy Gaden, SVP/CNO Help us conquer #COVID19 by supporting our extraordinary frontline staff and patients:  
I am a health care worker and to be honest, we don't need free pizza or free cups of coffee. We don't need money off vouchers, etc. We are grateful that we won’t be losing all our  due to this virus, and as much as we greatly appreciate the gesture...
If I could ask Dr. Fauci something, it would be this: Exactly how many people must a virus kill to make it necessary to shut-down an entire economy, destroy millions of jobs and decimate the financial lives of millions and millions of Americans. What is the EXACT number?
Union loses our second elected officer to the virus — Executive Board Member Darryl K. Sweeney  … @CentralLaborNYC @AFLCIO @transportworker @NYCTSubway @NYCTBus 
I knew we'd be in trouble with the virus when people were like, "what do you mean I need to wash my hands?"
IFCO’s ( @ifcop4p) very own, Dr. Melissa Barber taking  approach to responding to the virus.  …
this country conditions its citizens to think that our military and the amount of money we pour into it is what protects us. bullets can't fight a virus. we are the laughing stock of the world because of the way our administration has prioritized $$$over human lives
Of course the greatest fear of all from the virus is the fear of death,but the message of Easter is that death has been conquered ."There is hope because God sent Jesus into our world .Happy Easter Stay safe
Don't blame a Clown, For acting the Clown, Ask yourself why you Keep going to the circus. Similarly, don't blame Coronavirus For acting like virus Ask yourself why you Keep going outside the home. Good Morning ! Stay home and stay safe 
Makes you wonder how much testing we are doing here. Staying at home will help but doing more tests will give us an idea of how deep this virus is.
Sounds like Deborah doesn’t care about Americans dying from this virus. She won’t be satisfied until a million die
These types of headlines are misleading. Correct headline: "Coronavirus RNA found in air samples up to 13 ft from patients" To know if it's dangerous, you need to do cell cultures and get replicating virus. Evidence of nucleic acid isn't sufficient.  …
students are gone and the nittany lions are back. thought to be extinct but i guess not. nature is healing and we are the virus 
Not to mention that by not closing down spring break DeSantis seeded the virus to many of the current covid hot spots.
Take this virus, CNN, MSNBC, most major newspapers...got it right. It was Fox News and the Trumpian websites, bloggers, and radio people that blew it. It's not even a question anymore, the real Fake News!  from the purveyors of Trumpism.
. LEFTIST CRIME - AVENATTI RELEASED from PRISON under BS VIRUS & PRISONS SCAM Michael Avenatti Released From Prison Over Coronavirus Concerns - to be on Ankle Monitor . Same group that 'protected' Epstein ...  …
Bill Gates was born William Henry Double LLs in both names LL = 33 But bILL and wILLiam = ILL ILL ILL = 9+12+12 = 33 ILL = 9+12+12 = 33 33+33 = 66 CORONA = 3+15+18+15+14+1 = 66 Guess Bill was the chosen one for this Virus after all
The first documentary movie on CCP virus, Tracking Down the Origin of th...  via @YouTube
To anyone reading the the above, please take note: I don't know this man GTFOH with that wall bullshit! The virus  from Mexico, it landed from the airport. Trump Meister was warned about the dangers but didn't do nothing  …
“No virus is stronger than the measures we take.” We can beat this pandemic all together. ⁦ 
Evening Emps! With this virus affecting our lives so drastically, it’s important to remember that WE DONT HAVE TO STOP LIVING! Join The Spark in creating a video of why we want to serve you and your individuality! So please DM us your special talents & let’s celebrate
“One of the biggest obstacles to the virus response is Trump himself.”  …
Fort Detrick Bio Lab -> Ex/Nazis -> Nato Gladio = Corona Virus. Connecting all dots 
BREAKING: @HIgov_Health reports the 9th death from #COVID19 in #Hawaii. The 65-year-old woman had underlying medical conditions and had tested positive for the virus. DOH also says 11 out of the 21 new cases today  spread. #CoronavirusPandemic 
My Saturday spent in the ER in breathing treatments. #Covid-19 confirmed. I’ve been a month in this nightmare exactly today. This virus did all sorts of things to my body. The respiratory stuff didn’t hit until a week ago. I’m just so tired and I want to be healthy again. 
I hope everyone is ready... When things get ugly... its going to happen quick! Then people will be begging for military on the streets! I've said all along, the Gov response & the panicked mob mentality concerns me more than the virus itself...  …
Hey there @JohnCornyn, since you think population should be taken into account when discussing Coronavirus deaths: can you explain why the US has 6.3 times the population of South Korea, but 100 times (and climbing as many deaths from the virus? Maybe @realDonaldTrump knows.
The single most  (and it's hard to pick one) came from Bill O'Reilly who said that most people dying from the virus were "on their last legs anyway." First, it's not true. Plenty of young are dying. Second, so let's just do a mass grave for the grandparents? 
I asked the guy in Bargain Booze how business was going before. He said they can't stock the shelves fast enough. I reckon 80% of people who survive the virus will be full-blown alkies by September #lockdownliquor
The racial disparity in the deaths from this virus isn't just a side story. It's a big part of THE story in the United States. It should be investigated and covered in the main breadth of the COVID reporting. Poverty and inequality are pre-existing conditions.
Louisiana church expecting 2,000 at Easter service despite coronavirus: 'Satan and a virus will not stop us'  …
That's me done for the night. Normally I'd share some daft picture of sleepy kittens. But this account has 231,000 followers, so I want to ask you all a favour. Act like you've got this virus - you might already have it without knowing. People are dying. Stay home. ^Angus 
It looks like the ...'whoops you've already sent that' virus is back to cull  If anyone is suffering the same fate, I will be contacting twitter help  The more tweeties that do so, the quicker it is fixed
Manchester has recorded three more #coronavirus cases and Clarendon one as Jamaica now has confirmed 69 cases of the virus. Meanwhile, the 13 cases under investigation have been traced to six persons who have given no history of travel or contact with a confirmed case. 
Now they’re tryna pin the virus on us. What a joke.
Today's bombshell @nytimes deep-dive shows that "throughout January," Trump "repeatedly played down the seriousness of the virus."  … But @JoeBiden sounded the alarm about coronavirus in January.  …
if one direction had a reunion right now, the corona virus would be gone
I came back from NT early March, we’ve barely been in lockdown. Talking about it by so many media is a joke! You’re not experts. Shut up and listen to virus medical experts. You’ve no voice in this. You are risking the lives by making it an issue. #Insiders
@paulmuaddib61 in all of his autist talent was able to track down how they seeded and transmitted this ‘virus’ and why the meds work!
#KeepTexasRed Texas is NOT TESTING for corona virus Texas doesn't know who has it, and where it is spreading Texas feels everyone should just lift themselves up by their dead ass bootstraps If this is fine with you, then by all means #KeepTexasRed 
This probably has nothing to do with Trump calling it the “Chinese virus” for months. <s>  …
“leaves Australia with a couple of options: try to eliminate the  and then remain closed off from the world indefinitely or learn to live with it and manage the caseload as much as possible.” 2nd is more likely ->  …
Covid-19 infection outside Wuhan in 4 major Chinese cities (Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Wenzhou) FELL BELOW ONE WITHIN 2 WEEKS OF PARTIAL LOCKDOWN. This is good news; it shows a partial lockdown can quite quickly suppress transmission of the virus.  …
Charley this virus really spoil plans aswer. Like by now go and see Kwahu From Mpraeso to Obomeng high street. Level 3 pub Awurade Kwahu ooo Kwahu ay3 bean herh
With everyone staying home, nature is finally returning to its rightful stomping grounds. We are the virus 
Don't forget to include the historical town of Bcharre in your prayers tonight, high cases of Coronavirus were detected there and it is being secluded to prevent the virus from spreading. 
"We now know, in fact, that people probably have what's called a really high viral load, which means that they have a lot of infectious virus early on in the course of their disease, maybe even before they've started to show symptoms," says 
Following weeks of shortages and red tape, thousands of New York City firefighters with coronavirus symptoms as well as those on medical leave will be tested for the virus over the next week.  …
Bill Maher is totally right. The fucking virus came from China, and it is #ChineseVirus others didn’t get a pass with the viruses that originated in their countries. Why should China get a pass? 
This is why I really can’t with all the deniers and conspiracy theorists who are acting like this virus is not having very real and dire impacts. Doctors and nurses have already died across the world trying to save people’s lives. We should all want to do whatever we can.  …
It’s sad many don’t realize it’s a simple fact that Miley’s personal life took a full 180 and this is why we haven’t got the full project, then the virus changed the plans. Miley didn’t choose for any of this to happen. No one chooses for their own life to change drastically.
What's the logic behind China kicking out Nigerians from their hotel rooms? How does putting them in the streets mitigate the Wuhan Virus? Weird.  …
Finding out that my cats can carry the virus was not something I needed to know today.
I love this. I mentioned the same demonstration earlier in a tweet. Many years ago this was used to give an example of an atomic explosion. An uncontrolled nuclear reaction. It works for virus spread just as well.  …
Why is age a factor in COVID-19? @GordanLauc and I just published why we should suspect the changing patterns of sugars our cells attach to #coronavirus, its cellular target ACE2 & to antibodies we need to clear the virus  
If you needed more proof that Democrats are trying to make the China virus look much worse than it is just remember @GavinNewsom declared a state of emergency for California after the death of 1 person. Now all ztate's record all deaths as covid-19 deaths! Inflated death toll #'s
Perspective. The U.S. has 20,299 deaths as of this afternoon. Madison Square Garden has a capacity of 20,789. Respect this virus. Love your neighbors.  …
Fuckin Debi said people aren’t dying of the virus, they’re dying of their condition, and Debi’s cause of death is getting murdered in the group chat 
This is how they dressed in the 1980s when the rich were getting richer, everyone else was losing their jobs and a virus was killing the best of us because of an ineffectual and uncaring government. In other words, RETRO! Link:  
CHNNLD MSSGS 𓂀: In the month of May I am getting a clearing up energy, but another surge with the virus as well during the middle of the month and possibly to the end. In June I’m seeing and hearing “the load will be lightening and the end will be close in sight”.
When this virus passes I still want some of y’all to stay away from me
so asians that have been getting mistreated and even killed since the beginning of the corona virus is discrimination and not racism since they aint black? noted lol
Five Takeaways on What Trump Knew as the Virus Spread 
The total of UK deaths WITH the #COVID19 flu virus is still 2,000 below the average weekly death rate for England & Wales. We need a #Lockdownextention to stop #coronavirus pushing us above the normal death rate. We need a police state #Lockdown to help protect us from NHS cuts.
Until this virus is defeated, any rally is premature. The market will have hard time pricing this  environment, which means a lot of volatility. News will alternate between positives like flattening the curve, vaccines to unemployment, bankruptcies and bad earnings
Not especially, in terms of the outbreak itself. The virus doesn't care about population size and a country w/ a very small pop can have an outbreak that  to a country w/ a big pop. Later on, when looking at over all impact, per capita might  more relevant.
I’m immensely grateful to have finished my cancer treatments, who knew the side effects would be the worst part, hopefully I’ve beaten a disease that took my mother at 32 and my dad at 82, but it seems a trifle mean that I now have to dodge a virus and can’t get my nails done.
The next GE when you go to vote Tory just remember how they BLAMED us NHS staff for PPE shortagesorry for not wanting to catch a deadly virus and return home safely after a 12 hour shift. SUCH a crime x
You have underinvested into the NHS. You focused on a bong and minting a coin instead of preparing to fight the virus. Your government has blood on his hands.
“Trump could bluff his way through marriages, sexual abuse allegations, bankruptcies … hell, he could even bluff his way into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. But he couldn’t bluff the virus.” ⁦  …
Same Doctors that are still under quarantine? Are you well or you caught the virus too?
Dont forget in addition to all that wrecking and selling by GOP we now have a permanent virus epidemic with no cure and no treatment that will kill millions of us. So. Be sure to thank a nonvoting millennial, a Berner, a Green or a DemSoc. Give em a hug. Kids like hugs.  …
The number of Sheriff’s Office employees testing positive for #COVID19 has climbed to 51 as of Saturday. Nine jail inmates have now tested positive for the virus. #hounews
Fellow Patriots, Keep in mind, even though @billmaher may have said something that you agree with in calling the virus the China virus, that piece of shit begged for this to happen to us. Hoped and wished the economy would tank just to get rid of @POTUS. Just a reminder.
I would rather pay more money for American goods made by American businesses that invest in American workers than support China, who covered up the virus.
By mid-January, there was growing evidence of the virus spreading outside China. China hawks within the administration were pushing to impose a travel ban on China, but ran into initial opposition from President Trump’s economic advisors and public health experts. 
The National Security Council office that tracks pandemics had intelligence in early January predicting the spread of the virus to the U.S. Within weeks it urged officials to look at options like keeping Americans home from work and shutting large cities. 
BREAKING: Florida’s COVID-19 cases climbed by more than 1,000 on Saturday for a total of 18,986. So far, 452 people have died from the virus in the state. DETAILS: 
Maher: ‘We Should Blame China’ for Coronavirus, ‘Not Racist’ to Say Eating Bats Is ‘Crazy’ “So why should China get a pass?” “Seriously, it scares me that ...people out there who would rather die from the virus than call it by the wrong name.”  …
"By the third week in Feb., the administration’s top experts concluded they should  to Mr. Trump a new approach...Crucial weeks went by before their views were reluctantly accepted by the president — time when the virus spread largely unimpeded." 
1) The NYT report traces the earliest US cases of COVID-19, not the virus itself, to Europe 2) They got "this one" from a study co-written by a geneticist at Mount Sinai hospital 3) Yes, the sources are named. See above. They also cite teams at NYU's med school  …
Suspected SARS Virus & Flu Samples Found in Luggage: FBI Report Describes China’s Bio-security Threat  …
If CCP believes the virus came from a Wuhan wet market, why haven't they forcibly closed all wet markets? Just asking questions.
This is a reasonable response between economic and health concerns. Unfortunately we don’t have the three things required to increase movement: 1. Diagnostics test to identify virus carriers 2. Antibody tests to determine immunity 3. Contact Tracing
In order to resume life as we know it-- we need to make the invisible, visible-- to test large scale and truly understand where the virus is so that we can win this battle and stop the spread.
My brother & his wife both caught the virus & both are on their way to a full recovery. Neither one went to the hospital. Sister in law tested + & the my brother got it next. I hear so many scary stories I wanted to tell one that wasnt scary!
The virus, not politicians, will determine when economies can safely reopen. New studies show that it's more contagious and more resilient than previously believed. 
Look at the great efficiency of the USA to distribute respirators, masks and other elements to fight the virus. They are clearly an example of what other nations should not do. Horrible neoliberalism. #COVIDー19 
Without lockdown, virus could have affected 8.2 lakh by April 15: Analysis  
I think you’re a little confused Donald, the origins are China but the virus came here through Europe, meaning your ban did zero. Very smart people can prove it with science. Your methods are pulling facts outta thin air.
GROWING NUMBER OF U.S. LAWMAKERS BACKING TRUMP TO DEFUND THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION "...numerous U.S. lawmakers are now publicly stating that the  played a role in covering up China’s botched handling of the CCP virus pandemic." 
"its most serious effect won't be the actual virus (which, if we ever calm down, will be seen to have been damaging but less than catastrophic) but our decision to trash our economies in order to flatten but lengthen its impact" - Matthew Parris  …
Every single church of any faith that encourages people to expose themselves to the virus should be shuttered and their leaders fined into oblivion. Their members should be denied medical care and they can pray to their orange god for deliverance.
Republican who floated virus conspiracy says 'common sense has been my guide'  …
DR Congo is suffering from measles, corona virus and Ebola simultaneously.. sometimes we need to look outside to appreciate what we got inside.
You are pathetic. Seriously, thousands of people are dying from the virus you fucking down played.
Scientists at CDC estimated Corona virus R0 to be 5.7. That is, a single person infected with COVID-19 will on average infect 5.7 more people. So if 95 cases at first, 95. * 5.7 = 541, which is roughly 550 cases.  …
President @realDonaldTrump I encourage you to remind failing @nytimes that even the Chinese understand the Wuhan virus originated there. Wuhan women launched a campaign expressing remorse for the pandemic  …
The U.S sets worldwide record for the most COVID-19 deaths in a single day I wonder if @realDonaldTrump @GOP and supporters still think the virus is a Democrats Hoax ? Many Republicans, still think that it is not a big deal | Raw Story  … via rawstory
Or put another way, Donald Trump and the @GOP want to kill Americans by having them to spread a pandemic virus. #RepublicansAreKillingUs
“I am happy to inform you today that 10 of the 17 patients at our Ejigbo facility have tested negative twice for the virus in line with the National Centre for Disease Control protocol, and will soon be released to join their families and live their ...  …
⁦⁦⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ and Congress scramble to revive virus-hunting program that was marked for deep cuts by Trump, neglected & leaderless. It is an agency with many missions, including a critical one of hunting down viral diseases like COVID-19  …
“It is almost an echo of when we were young, when we were children, the same feeling of not knowing what will happen next,” said Weiss, 83. “We aren’t thinking about the virus; we are thinking of what happened to us.”  …
China has given Corona virus to the world that has killed thousands but are now celebrating the re-opening of wet markets. Why why why is everyone not condemning this and in uproar. Guys if you sit back and do bugger all, evil will win. Wake up world.
It turns out the best time to prepare for a pandemic is right when conservatives want to cut funding to public health virus hunting programs. #Covid19 #CoronavirusPandemic #70DaysDeadlyDelay  …
Many U.S. news organizations are covering the coronavirus pandemic while themselves facing financial pressure from it. A growing number have announced layoffs, furloughs and other cost-cutting measures as the virus inflicts widespread pain on the economy. 
Prayers are needed for my mother-in-law. She's in the hospital suffering from the virus and her oxygen level is going down. We're scared so please help us! We cannot have lose another family member.
“Virus sends Holocaust survivors behind doors, back in time. For Olga Weiss, the order to stay home is about much more than simply locking her door to the coronavirus. It has awakened fears from decades ago when she & her parents hid inside for 2 years.”  
Niagara Health has declared an outbreak of COVID-19 on an inpatient unit at the St. Catharines Site after one of our healthcare workers tested positive for the virus. Our team has taken immediate action to protect our staff, physicians, patients. Details:  
They aren’t checking receipts at the door at Walmart at this time cuz of the virus. Do what u will with that information
call me corona virus bc no one want me
twitter might boot me for that tweet but I'm aware of the side effects of that  plus the shortage...plus RA and lupus patients suffering cause of the high demand however most docs will tell you at how effective it is against the virus
Yeup. I was the first that many knew to report on new Coronavirus back in Jan. I have traveled thoughout Asia and my friends were calling me about it. Anybody who studies the virus says it’s engineered. I believe it came from Harvard’s nanotechnology expert Charles Lieber.
The virus don’t got a smell or nothing ? Tf
The PBR has returned to the Ottawa River. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
Is a virus alive? And what do we look like from the point of view of a virus, like #SARSCoV-2? Fred Hutch scientists @HarmitMalik and @jbloom_lab explain the path of the virus from introduction to the body to infection with 
without realizing that a few hours of fun could result in days and weeks of suffering for their loved ones if they had taken the virus back to their homes. Of the 193 arrests,139 were arrested for social gathering, 53 arrests for curfew breaches and 1 for lockdown breach.
Need many map layers and real-time feeds to make this work, but it’s nothing Google Maps can’t handle from a tech standpoint. Hard part will be getting data from medical system. Then every day just like you get the weather report you get the virus report in your neighborhood.
It’s adversity that gives us the opportunity to work together. We will  #COVID19, but only if we continue to be partners. I’m so incredibly proud of the work that Ontario businesses, organizations, and people have already put into battling this virus. Let’s keep going. 
1/5 #COVID19 in the past 24 hours @UofCAHealth data update: 16488 patients received #SARSCoV2 test results to date; 1003 had detectable virus = 6.1%. These patients are cared for at @UCSDHealth @UCLAHealth @UCIrvineHealth @UCSFHospitals 
Update from my niece: The virus isn’t bad tight now. My doctor worried about how the virus is going to effect me since I have sickle cell anemia. Oxygen level is 95%.
97,000 views so far for this exchange on the Virus crisis between me and Talk Radio's Mike Graham last Monday .  … Do check out  and Mike's amazing claim about Japan at 17 mins 50 secs. We meet again at 11.00 a.m. on Easter Monday.
."..But the White House focused instead on messaging and crucial additional weeks went by before their views were reluctantly accepted by the president — time when the virus spread largely unimpeded." Read the full story. Read every word.  …
"The health and human services secretary, Alex M. Azar II, directly warned Mr. Trump of the possibility of a pandemic during a call on Jan. 30, the second warning he delivered to the president about the virus in two weeks."
TAKEAWAYS — Don’t have time right now for the full, 5,500-word version of our story on @realDonaldTrump’s response to the virus? Read — and share — this much shorter, Cliffs Notes version I wrote. (Then save someone time for the full thing later.)  …
Results from Round One! Plurality not majority; last vote. Help us go viral with anti-viral  #FlattenTheCurve @ResolveTSL supporting @WHO & @CDCgov &all  countries working to stop #COVID19 & put the virus in a box. Details 
For those of y’all that want to party and not take this virus serious, watch this  …
How is it that 20,000 people have died in the US so far from a virus that Trump ignored warnings of and we haven’t revolted and thrown him the F* out yet?
That’s funny how a virus forcing all these daiquiri shops in BR to do drive thru WHEN WE SHOULD’VE BEEN DOING THIS!
I think the majority of COVID deaths are mislabeled based on a study by the Italian Institute of Health, which found that only 12% of "COVID19 deaths" were actually caused by the virus:  … Also, CDC encourages doctors to mislabel Death 
For the record, @OANN was claiming that SARS-Cov-2 was created in an American lab before China was clapping back at @realDonaldTrump's "Chinese virus" stuff w/ similar lunacy.   …
wanda really just said go out, be a slut, spread the virus, do whatever you want 
My suspicions began when they started criticizing drive-in church services. My kids & I sit in the car & eat our CFA order. My kids climb in the bed with me, but somehow sitting in the car in a church parking lot is more conducive to virus spread than sharing a bed? #okay
Isn't it strange how a large of majority of the politicians, large corporations, and media are all in lockstep on the virus agenda. There is no pushback from any of these groups.
Taiwan demands apology from WHO chief over virus 'slander'
Just as we under-stated the dangers of the original virus, we should not overstate  we will be more ready and we know more than we did then..  …
The virus' peak in the cities is nearing, but rural America may still have weeks to go. Yet, Trump chose to end Federal support to virus testing. How do you reconcile Trump's "I'm the fixer" bragging with his abandonment of Americans? @aarp @nra @gop
An unintended side effect of the virus is irresistible cravings, as Jill Valentine has found out as whatever is growing inside kicks and squirms Commissioned by my good friend Kyubits, it's Jill Valentine from the Resident Evil 3 Remake dealing with some unexpected preg cravings 
Australia's Chief Medical Officer Brendan Murphy this week, "we don't know if and when a vaccine  with this virus". Wake-up call to those who think this will all be over once vaccine miracle-workers hurry up. A vaccine may   …
“You can call it a germ. You can call it a flu. You can call it a virus… I’m not sure anybody even knows what it is.” Donald Trump, March 27  … #Pandumbic 
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus - The New York Times  …
I get that Bill Maher, like many “edgy” white  like to denounce “political correctness,” but not calling COVID the “Chinese virus” isn’t even about being “woke.” It’s obvious that Trump/the GOP are looking for a scapegoat for a crashed economy/rising US deaths.
This piece by Brady leader @griffindix summarizes the risks posed by surging gun sales amid the COVID-19 outbreak. Keeping gun shops open will not only contribute to the spread of the virus, but it will also increase its deadly toll.  …
Speaking plainly, the only country on earth that has fucked this up more than us is the US. We at least have the remnants of a proper national health service to try and save us. Millions of people in the US have nothing. This virus is both a truthsayer and a killer.  …
Which one's crazier? The Y2K Scare or Corona Virus Pandemic? 
Sending an exterminator (Trump) 2 clean out the rats nest that was growing out of control in D.C. created a rat-lash of epic proportion. An attempted coup, relentless media propaganda, hysterical entertainers, attacks on family, failed impeachment. And now? The Corona Virus!!!
Our lack of preparedness for this pandemic wasn't just in containing the virus, it was also in leaving the cupboard bare financially. Sadly, even now @bill_morneau can't acknowledge his govt's poor fiscal management. 
LA Officials: Nearly All Residents Could Be Infected by CCP Virus If Social Distancing Measures Stop 96% Of Los Angeles County. Be Very Cautious L.A. #AMERICAWORKINGTOGETHER2020 #VOTETRUMP2020  … – at The Arboretum
Trump, Congress scramble to revive virus-hunting program that was marked for deep cuts  …
Imagine being so selfish and stupid that you think the quarantine is about infringing on your freedom and not about protecting other people from catching a potentially fatal virus.
The Observer: "As virus death toll nears 10,000, parties unite to demand recall of parliament" (via @hendopolis) #TomorrowsPapersToday 
. @Maddow: "Our response is an international disaster because of the way our unchecked unmitigated spread of the virus now dominates the pandemic worldwide and dominates the human prevalence of this virus on earth." 
#COVID19 virus | Structure of the  | the  of replication/transcription machinery and appears to be a primary target for the #AntiViralDrug, #Remdesivir | Zihe Rao @Tsinghua_Uni @ScienceMagazine  
“Would [South Korea] have been more effective in halting the spread of the virus if they just welded people into their homes, chained people’s doors? ... I think there’s a very strong argument that it actually would have been worse,” says 
The entire Trump family is making money off this virus. They are grifters and have been stealing from the American people for 3 1/2 years.  …
Mr. President, the virus is now a secondary threat. Power hungry liberals are using fear to steal our freedoms. Civil disobedience will soon erupt across the nation if they are not stopped. Tyranny is worse than #COVIDー19 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Disease dis-ease Coronavirus crown-virus The root of the current global trauma is the same as manufactured wars, blackops funded: human trafficking, terrorism, poverty, drug/gun running, & more. In every country effected, MSM  who/what to listen to? To donate to?
Use #Covid19PrayerWithTheCleaner We Pray For: For life For safety For healing The homeless End of the Virus For Jobs to be safe For food in your table Everyday at 00:00 untill it ends
"The virus is color blind. We are not." --Ta-Nehisi Coates on racial disparities in pandemic. 
But wait.... if 5G is causing the virus, but the virus is a hoax... but it is caused by 5G..... WHAT IS HAPPENING.
Showing our support tonight, for our Frontline Staff, and remembering those who have lost their lives to this cruel virus... 
I’m rioting if this virus takes my summer away
Steve, I really don't believe people know how bad of a situation this country is in right now. Not just the virus, but repairing the economy, debt/deficit, and the severe split in this country. This is very bad just waiting to happen!
Don’t be out here trying to make people feel guilty for not wanting to expose their families to a virus that we really still don’t know everything about. If people don’t want to be around you don’t get offended. It’s not personal.
Is America next? Climate change is believed to be partly responsible for a virus being spread by billions of locusts - who are destroying vast parts of African cropland in search of food. “An unprecedented threat” to food security, says UN’s Food and Agriculture Organization
har har....Happy Easter or whatever you're celebrating. Celebrate being virus free! 
 targeted in China virus crackdown "I've been sleeping under the bridge for four days with no food to eat... I cannot buy food anywhere, no shops or restaurants will serve me," said Tony Mathias.  | #VisionUpdates | 
“Some guy on CSPAN says I’m doing well. I’ll tweet that to counter those long newspaper stories detailing how my administration bungled the virus prep. That should work.”
If you survived 2018 hard summer, you’re immune to corona virus
Happy Caturday! Time for a dose of Catra as we relive her Whiteout outfit. Cold + Cat = Extra Grumpy Cat and why oh why did you bring a murder virus and not a blanket Entrapta?! 
Now hopefully, that number of deaths per day from the coronavirus can go down. Heart disease and cancer should go back to being the number 1 and number 2 causes of death in our country. But to have this new virus take first place out of nowhere is unprecedented in modern times.
Seems to be  clearer that this is far less about this Virus & so much more about the advancement of metabolically ill people. We can place blame on food policy, big AGRA, politicians & greed & those things need to be sorted out, but now we have to teach people how to eat.
Yeah, you deserve to be sued for this. Drive up services endanger no one in terms of virus transmission.
Sociopathy has spread through the GOP at a rate that parallels the virus  …
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday. I woke up just grateful myself and no one I know & love has been pysically impacted by this virus. They’re all healthy and that’s truly the best gift I could’ve received
Are the democrats so stupid to think that we couldn’t figure out this is a manmade virus manufactured to disrupt an election year so badly that we’d blame Trump and not re-elect him? Another @SpeakerPelosi failure.
I see a lot of people saying how behaviours are going to radically change because of this virus. I think this is mostly projection rather than an evidence based opinion. Most of the people I know can’t wait to get back to normal. Radical change is usually a tough bet.
"What's So Bad About Feeling Good?" (1968) New York City undergoes a dramatic change when a toucan carrying a virus is smuggled through customs. The virus causes an intense euphoria & a desire to do good. 
I’m angry. I, like many, know the truth. We knew it then, we know it now. Jeremy Corbyn could be PM now & anybody who thinks the UK wouldn’t be better in fighting corona virus under his leadership than we are right now, is an absolute Sun/ Daily Mail reading Tool.
Definitely our frontline workers at the front of this COVID-19 war, have tremendously done well and  Putting their lives on the line in a bid to save persons who have been infected with this virus is not ordinary but divine! #JoySMS #JoyNews 
Idk why y’all think you’re higher than a deadly virus. It’s hilarious to me that y’all think you are somehow immune to it. Like whet
Nurses, lauded for virus efforts, find their tires slashed after finishing their shift.  … #SmartNews
Everyone who wants to “open america” needs to watch this. This virus doesn’t care if you’re rich or poor, young or old. Ppl like D’neil put their lives on the line daily. She & all healthcare workers are carrying this emotional burden. Thank you #dneilschmall  …
On the day 2,000 Americans died. Trump described the virus as smart, brilliant, & the virus is changing so fast that we aren't able to develop antibiotics. Every doctor can tell you, & those  6th grade, antibiotics work for bacterial infections, not viral infections 
So after months of denying - note that some of us asked WTF is going on with Russia’s Covid-19 cases & numbers. Turns out they can’t deny it anymore After Months of Denial, Russia Admits the Virus Is Taking Hold 
Nothing is funnier than seeing people driving around wearing a mask. I mean...you gonna get the virus going 75 down the highway?
Most Americans are worried about a virus. John Brennan, James Clapper, and James Comey are worried about prison. The reckoning 
Say “Coro is a virus” in pidgin
I hate to be "that" neighbor, but its times like these I would totally call the cops on them. So irresponsible. I have lost family to this virus & I'm being a little extra lately, so forgive me if I'm being too much.
There have been 46 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in The Bahamas. Eight people, who tested positive for the virus, have died. Five patients have recovered. That leaves us with 33 (possibly) active confirmed cases.
There are truly worrying times ahead, with Kano huge population, we just have to pray a solution to Corona virus is found soon, otherwise this virus will spread like a wildfire then we all will be in deep shit... May Allah protect us & bring a lasting solution to this pandemic
The DNA that will implicate Trump is smaller than the COVID-19 virus that is easily dumbfounding the dunce. Individually, we all have the same power, when brought to bear upon oppression & injustice, will irradicate it.  …
Just watched the Thunderbirds fly over on a mission to do a flyby over every hospital in Las Vegas to honor the bravery of every heath care worker putting themselves at risk during this pandemic. Nevada has already lost two health care workers to this virus. 
Every Tory MP whose Twitter feed I came across was pushing this line early this evening. They don’t have a spine or an iota of conscience between them. Never forget as NHS workers die from avoidable exposure to this virus the Tory Party collectively decided to blame them for it.
So in some states you can be within feet of each other in the grocery store, but arrested if you sit isolated in your car with windows up at a church? This is not about a virus. This a government that is power hungry for full control over the people.
The virus doesn’t discriminate #StayHomeSaveLives 
#Covid19 has affected all of us with a different level of severity. @KindEnergy_ and myself are teaming up with organizations and businesses of every size looking to help  this virus. Join us, if you can! Email kindenergyfoundation@gmail.com to get involved! 
Rand Paul was beaten up by a neighbor, had part of a lung removed, caught & survived the virus, is volunteering in a hospital, & still understands & espouses the quintessential truth that the individual & his freedom > the dictatorial state. The man is a national treasure.
Don’t be misled by the rising stock market. Companies are turning to automation at a faster rate and investors know that automated jobs are more effective. If anything the virus is accelerating automation and people are permanently losing jobs. UBI is a necessity not a desire.
Thank you, #USA Our gratitude to the USA, to Mr @realDonaldTrump and his Administration, to the  and NGOs and to the US people. Our countries are suffering and countering together the virus, and the fear as well.  …
. @McDonalds is putting profits over our health. Without proper protection, the virus is spreading in stores and that should make everyone  
. @RealTimers appears to be backing @realdonaldtrump, supporting "Chinese Virus" moniker and saying China "doesn't get a pass." "Jesus f---ing Christ, can't we even have a pandemic without getting offended?" 
I have in my possession  audio recording (20 min) of Elon Musk pitching investors on Feb 13 ahead of the equity raise. The call was hosted by Goldman, no questions were allowed, and the word “virus” was never mentioned. Interested reporters can dm me. 
This is how you hammer a point home! They lied about the virus while profiting of its danger  …
One of many things wrong with your argument is that at the moment we are not short of CC beds and ventilators. If we were you’d have the start of an argument. These people died mainly in CC beds and with ventilators. They died because Of the virus!!!
I’m not trying to hurt anyone’s feelings but like.. stay away from me, corona virus or not
C CHINA O ORIGINATED V VIRUS I IN D DECEMBER 19 2019
“Satan and a virus will not stop us,” Rev. Tony Spell said. “God will shield us from all harm and sickness. We are not afraid.” 
ie they saw high medic infection/death rates in Italy/Spain, looked at the virus, and concluded correctly that Covid19 is NOT flu. Much more infectious. So others outside of ICU & “aerosol generating procedures” -eg A&E triaging or ENT or maternity felt need for higher protection
The death forecast changed dramatically as well: From 1.5-2.2 Million some 26 days ago to ~60k deaths now. The actual number of deaths is currently about 20.3k. Of those probably a small percentage are directly caused by the virus, while the majority of deaths are mislabeled.
One thing I like very much about this virus situation is that people are rethinking their priorities and reevaluating who in  is essential. Celebrities are no longer anywhere on the list. Farmers, truck drivers and retail workers are just below doctors and nurses.
We’re honored to publish this “unfolding poem” from peacebuilder and daily haikuist John Paul Lederach. It begins at the end of 2019, when the world first had mention of a possible “new virus.”  …
People I generally like and respect are starting to use tiktok. This virus is taking everything from us.
Audrey Watt, 11, and her brother Ian, 9, display a batch of their hand sewn masks as part of @PRHC1 1,000 mask challenge helping out  during @covid virus in #PTBO, Ont. The pair have a goal of ten masks per day until they run out of fabric and thread. 
Do Dak and Zeke think they are virus-proof? That covid-19 is a Cowboys fan? This is so unnecessarily careless. Pandemic be damned, Dak Prescott hosts a party for 30 - ProFootballTalk  …
He is only saying he is human n free to congratulate any religion, despite anyone he belongs to. We r all humans, n Corona virus understand better than most regious fanatics.
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
1. I’ve just had a call about another very long standing family friend who has passed tonight. A beautiful, warm, loving lady who, with her husband, supported my dad & his partner when many others didn’t. Thanks to this virus, none of us can be there to say our final farewells...
There is speculation the virus may have reactivated in some patients. 
2015 was a virus Nigeria contracted. Like all viruses, 2015 can not die in it's host. And since the host continues to show symptoms related to the virus it contracted, the tussle between key players will only keep moving to the next level. No healing; except Nigeria to dies.
Mr. President, is this what  to? Your motive for a lockdown were honorable but this madness must stop! I would prefer risking contracting a virus (treatable at that!) than give up our hard-fought-for precious freedoms! Signed, A furloughed @realDonaldTrump  …
Y’all wanna think this virus isn’t real or as serious because YOU haven’t gotten sick (yet). Okay.
South Africa the #vaccine is here & according to your health minister(there are some things I wanna say about him being the HEALTH minister but I’ll keep it to myself ) the plan is to make you immune by injecting the virus into you 
There are countries that have been able to contain the virus  shutting down their economies but we see seeing a concerted effort by the left to shut down any one who tries to discus other forms of mitigation that don’t involve economic devastation. Why? 
We need to attack, @realDonaldTrump - we’ve been playing defense since 2017: Russia hoax, Ukraine hoax, impeachment hoax, corona virus attack... is this winning? Americans are suffering badly now and this will only get worse! ARREST DEEP STATE TRAITORS NOW, time to play offense!
ICYMI ==> ‘Someone had to tell the liberals’: Bill Maher drops a reality nuke on Dems, media triggered by use of term ‘Chinese virus’ 
The past week in the coronavirus outbreak: • Wuhan, China, emerges from 76 days of lockdown. • The virus has been killing African Americans at a disproportionately high rate. • Online grocery services are struggling to meet a massive spike in demand. 
Hospital workers on front lines of virus fight find their tires slashed  …
50% of those testing positive for the coronavirus in Iceland aren't showing symptoms. The country has tested 10% of its population, so far, revealing that less than one percent have been infected by the virus. 
China views this war between us as a quiet war and they’re so patient about it, they actually have a plan to win it by 2050. If you think the bio-weapons labs of China aren’t gonna be working overtime after they saw us destroy 40 million jobs from one virus, you’re wrong.  …
#PoliticsNation: why do you have this idiot Hugh Hewitt on? It makes you look dumb. You didn't challenge his assertion that " Trump was doing a fine job in an unprecedented time", Serina was shaking her head for a good reason: the virus was known before 2014 when Obama warned us
Doctoring While Black in the time of Coronavirus, you'd think the virus was the only thing a DOCTOR would have to worry about, alas... 
Coronavirus: Why has the virus hit African Americans so hard? “To a lot of Americans, the racial disparities shown in the number of people dying of coronavirus-related causes have sadly been unsurprising”!  …
Trump and his administration's failures in handling the corona virus pandemic are documented in this reporting AS IF he can/will be held accountable. Whether Trump accepts responsibility or not is secondary. A deep dive worth reading.  …
The virus is not a "great equalizer." We're not "all in this together." In fact, it is doing wildly disproportionate damage to society's most vulnerable, same as the last crisis, same as the next one. The great @annanorthtweets  …
Join @HopkinsKids child and adolescent psychiatrist Hal Kronsberg and pediatrician Rachel Thornton on Tuesday, April 14 from 7 to 8 p.m., for a discussion about talking to kids and teens about #COVID19 and the different ways the virus presents in children. 
There’s a crowd singing not far from my house. The virus didn’t go on a fucking ceasefire for Easter, you stupid bastards.
. @RepSwalwell, we need to focus on all Americans. This virus does not see race, creed or color. Virtue signaling is just not appropriate right now. Americans are in crisis - all of us. All of us are losing jobs, paychecks & loved ones. Let’s focus on everyone. Thanks!  …
Did it stop the virus?  …
To rid America of the Virus Problem, first we must rid America from the problem that actually made it Worse!
Experts fear COVID-19 vaccine may only provide ‘short-term’ immunity from virus  …
The last 6 months have been incredible for examples of risks that conservative governments  home to roost. - 'nah we don't need fire fighting planes' - 'this virus isn't a problem' - 'the nhs will be stronger without the eu"
EXPOSED: Immense Failure Of Federal Virus Response Revealed, And It Is Staggering Thank you.  …
When this virus is over I still want some of you to stay at least 6 feet away from me.
CNN Exclusive:  says crew on virus-struck USS Theodore Roosevelt "struggling" after captain's firing  
The number of deaths attributed to the Corvin19 virus only, is about the number of deaths that occur normally in about two and a half days in the United States.
I’m going to say this one time, Easter is not a reason to break social distancing. Please just don’t. It takes one single moment/contact to contract or transfer this virus. We have multiple patients ALL AGES dying every day in the ICU alone, it is still very real.
We don’t wish anyone the Virus but a couple good hard old school smacks in the mouth would be good for @realDonaldTrump.
Good article by @drmoore & @ERLC on positive ways churches and govt work together to stop spread of the virus now. If we believe God is sovereign & Romans 13:1-5 is true, it isn’t just true re: what we perceive enhances our own position. But, it’s true for the good of others too.  …
This morning we lost my sweet grandma to this evil virus, a women loved by so many can not be surrounded by all that love, and we can’t hug our loved ones at a time we need to most. Please stay home so families don’t need to experience this heart ache. 
I'm from Canada but up here it's the same. I used to be on the left of the political spectrum but it took this virus and people like @JesseKellyDC to really make me want to distance myself from the left on my country. Its mind boggling to me
Russia was long spared but it looks like #COVID19 is starting to get out of control in Moscow. This is a an infectious disease hospital getting overstretched by people suffering from the virus 
The LEFT can sit here on Twitter and make their hateful & misinformed #hashtags trend as much as they want. Our @POTUS is doing the best job  this virus, while still trying to #KeepAmericaGreat. What are their "leaders" doing? We all see what they are doing. Nothing!
Grocery chains across Canada are raising wages for workers and taking extra precautions to enforce physical distancing during the COVID-19 pandemic. Do you think enough safety measures are being taken at grocery stores to limit the spread of the virus? 
I love producing any live sporting event, but the NBA Finals was the ultimate. Tonight I will Live Tweet broadcast decisions as Game 5 is re-aired across Canada. So please stay home, shelter in place and follow along as we all try to defeat this recursive virus. 
The virus has taken some criminals out of action as they, too, hunker down in their homes. Across Latin America, lockdowns have led to fewer opportunities for crime — like extortion, muggings, even murder. 
This will be a major problem going forward. Our insane reaction to this virus has cemented in the minds of Americans that leaving their homes could get them killed. That toothpaste is gonna be HARD to get back in the tube. We’ve truly opened Pandora’s Box.  …
FREDO - Breitbart? Daddy knew about the virus for months and did nothing but golf. Have a seat, Junior.
Trudeau gave me goosebumps with his speech. Let's see, he said: We shall fight the virus on the beaches We fight at the airports And in the streets We shall fight near Parliament Hill We shall never surrender! #trudeaumustgo
They cannot be allowed to get away with this. People - lots of people - have died who could have never caught the virus in the first place if we'd actually learned from Italy. I'm done, I'm too angry to continue. /15
I have seen that there may be an increased risk of corona virus in people who have had flu shots and also speculation that the virus may be in the shots. Either would explain higher rates in elderly.  …
The numbers keep going down but we need a police state to protect you from the virus! But but but it hasn’t peak yet! Yes it has. This was all programmed and it didn’t hit like they thought it would! Its all falling apart!  …
Communal Virus has been deliberately plotted to cover up the failure of G0vt. in addressing corona. M0dia played its anti-Muslim card while the real issue remained untouched. 
“Testing [in the US] most lagged during the critical month of Feb. as the virus took root... Germany, in contrast, raced ahead w/ aggressive testing...when it had fewer than 10 cases in Jan. It has experienced far fewer deaths proportionally than the US.”  …
Because its not about 'distancing'. Its not about the virus. Its about CONTROL. This is an end run around the constitution and theyre getting away with it.
Do people think they won’t get this virus?
Family member lost their battle. Healthy in their 30s. Sister has now lost 2 COVID ICU coworkers. It is very much airborne. Virus attacks the blood and it’s oxygenation capapabilities. Stay home. Wear a mask if you have to go anywhere. Sanitize EVERYTHING that you bring home.
TPMT2020 Riderless Train NoStoppingKarma© Everything that's happening has been carefully planned, make no mistake Virus outbreak Wreck economy Lockdown/isolation Election year - pushing for mail-in voting=FRAUD Forced vaccines Had enough yet? Join us! 
The Crane House in Clonbur bathed in green and firefighters along the street in honour of those who have died from Covid-19, those who are sick with the virus and in support of all frontline workers. #stayathome #staysafe 
The cheek of them after spreading their nasty virus  …
At least in the northeast, it was found that the majority of cases came from Europe and not China so banning flights from China was little more than racism on par with calling it “the Chinese virus.” Thanks for playing, please try again
When this virus infects what actually kills is the immune response. The body basically kills itself while trying to fight the virus. Antibody immunity may not work as we expect. Researchers are looking at immune responses causing ARDS due to reinfection. That's scary!
The most powerful man on the planet never treated the virus with the seriousness it deserved. We are praying for USA because when it suffers the world is on its knees.
Glad we took steps. Every 1% increase in unemployment translates to 40,000 deaths. The China Virus isn't close. Open up the USA.
CHINA IN THE DOCK - WEEK 3: China exploiting British tech IDS warns over green battery race China muzzled its bat woman More Lab cover up evidence Fresh fears Bejing covering up death toll Huawei NSC did not discuss China virus threat in late Jan 
We don’t know who is sick with the virus, and don’t have enough tests so, your tweet is cute, but, not relevant.
IMPORTANT This pandemic is a *direct result* of  oppressive, cradle-to-grave technocrat dictators in the Chinese Communist Party If we allow that same government oppression in America we will not just lose to this virus —we will have lost the very soul of our nation
Wow! Will anything be done? This circus/government has to be brought down. Did they want this virus to kill Canadians? Part of a greater plan?  …
13. Having delayed a virus response, wasted crucial months, filled the air with dangerous misinformation, dodged responsibility at every turn, and corrupted relief efforts, Trump has ... praised his own virus response 116 times. He gives it a 10 out of 10.  …
So now over 20,000 Americans are dead with over 500,000 confirmed infections. Easter isn't such a "beautiful time" after all now is it Mr. Trump? The virus didn't all go away by April as you said, has it, Mr. Trump?
This movie “CONTAGION” was shot in 2011, but it shows everything that’s happening with the corona virus in 2020. It’s amazing. Guys you need to see this movie Contagion. Afraid would catch you 
Sports fans: Wash your hands, practice social distancing, and do your part to help #SlowTheSpread so we can whip this virus by summer. Remember, Saturdays are better with college football. 
I'm seeing this more and more from the smart people I trust. The Chinese purposefully engineered this virus, then released it.  …
#shineyourlight. NCW GAA supporting all on the front line, remembering those that passed away due to COVID 19 , wishing well those ill with the virus.  Stay safe stay well stay at home. Happy Easter 
On the drawbacks of hardwiring policy into infrastructure: “Instead of an app, [contact tracing] is pushed down the stack into the operating system layer [meaning] it is no longer limited in time, or limited in use purely to trace and contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus.”  …
Population of Italy is 60.8 million people, the population of the Us is what 347 million? And these fools are making  that we have more deaths than the Italians? What the hell am I missing est, 20,000 deaths, ALL from China Virus??? Confusing...
It  that this virus does not spread sideways: 
wow. this is franklin nj today, where the city’s namesake has returned for the first time in decades. the world is healing, we truly are the virus :/ 
12. Congress created an oversight panel to manage the $2 trillion in virus relief funds, headed by a respected Pentagon IG. Trump replaced him with a loyalist toady (who is simultaneously responsible for oversight of EPA); he wants more patronage money.  …
Coronavirus cases on USS Roosevelt spike to 550, that's approximately 12% of the crew! The ship needs to be docked and the crew evacuated! This virus can not be controlled in such tight quarters! Senior Navy Leadership needs to Fight for this Crew!  …
“Let’s have tailored approaches, surgical approaches, that are going to work best for those regions,” Gov. DeSantis said on March 24 -- as if the virus respects municipal boundaries.  …
Coronavirus is no excuse for the Chinese to racial abuse Africans. There is a limit to everything. The virus originated from their place, so why the Afrophobia? We'll not tolerate the inhumane treatment meted out to Nigerians residing in China. Enough is Enough
Earlier this afternoon, our members paid a visit to one of our brothers battling COVID 19 in the St Boniface Hospital ICU. We were proud to be able to show Brother Rick Sterzer that we remain by his side while he battles this terrible virus. #NeverOffDuty 
Have you read and shared this article yet? EVERYONE should read it, including your friends, enemies, even your deranged #Trump-supporting uncle. "He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the #Virus" 
After Months of Denial, Russia Admits the Virus Is Taking Hold 
PLEASE help us by STAYING HOME & washing your hands. Please help us save lives. Nurses are not OK. We are cross training for the ICU to prepare for the surge. We can flatten the curve & slow this virus down just by staying home. #RN #NurseLife 
(5/5) Please continue to pray for the families who have lost loved ones due to this virus. Most importantly #StayHomeBDA - it will save lives. If you do go out cover your face and practice good hand hygiene. Keep up to date here:  Happy Easter -DB
HHS secretary Alex Azar "directly warned Trump of the possibility of a pandemic during a call on Jan. 30, the second warning he delivered to the president about the virus in two weeks. The president...responded that Mr. Azar was being alarmist."  …
The US vs South Korea containing the virus 
Not in the piece, but the First Lady was concerned about the WH advance team in India around the official trip she and potus took there in late February. Thousands of people were under observation for the virus in India by then.  …
#COVID19 | Structure of virus main Protease Mpro and discovery of its #Inhibitors | Drug Leads and antiViral activity | Haitao Yang @ShanghaiTechUni @Nature  
EXPOSED: Immense Failure Of Federal Virus Response Revealed, And It Is Staggering Thank you.  …
We had the  privilege to actually watch, in real time, a developed nation deal with the virus, yet for TWO WEEKS we sat on our hands. We ended up going into lockdown at respectively the same point in the crisis as Italy had, if not a little later. /10
Goals for 2020 are pretty much impossible b/c of the virus. I was planning on moving out to MO, but now that cant happen because neither me or my bf can get a job, and its going to be harder to travel. Now my goal is to at least buy a decent RV. Any and all help means a lot <3
Went for a walk to Kohsar market today and stunned to see nature returning after a century. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
when someone points out where the virus originated 
Well you had better cough up & give them what they deserve then! Free tuition! Write off all student debt! Wage rise ( a hefty one)! Everything they need fight Corona Virus! Boris Johnson: I owe doctors and nurses my life after coronavirus treatment  …
10. Trump has furious rolled back air-quality rules since he came in office. He's doing even more of it in response to the virus. Now a new study confirms that air pollution increases the virus death toll.  …
The World Health Organization says it is investigating reports that coronavirus-infected patients have tested positive again after being cleared of the virus. 
How the Virus Transformed the Way Americans Spend Their Money by 
I'm going to assume you're aware a virus works differently to German bombs.
Block me if you want twitter but Fuck you Hancock, fuck you Patel, fuck you Rabb, fuck you Cummings and fuck you Boris and yer whole party... You are the real virus.
VIDEO: Watch Researcher Predict Virus/5G Crisis In 2018  …
Does anyone know if we keep ethnic or race-based stats on testing or who's got the #COVIDー19 virus in Canada or British Columbia? If no —  #cdnpoli #bcpoli #yyjpoli  …
Disney World is furloughing 43,000 more workers due to virus - ABC News via @ABC 
Let’s say the government is open and fully operational by the first week of MAY! Do you think the economy can potentially fully recover? Meaning: •unemployment reduce back down to at least 4%? •the stock market back up to where it was before the virus (Dow at 30k+)?
After 11 days my mother is feeling way better, It’s almost as if the virus is gone! S/o to everyone who sent prayers & hmu regarding my Queen, I appreciate it more than yall know. Almost at the finish line  …
because the nature of a disease is not ethnic, food can be... calling the coronavirus the chinese virus is inherently xenophobic. a time of great fear like this requires solidarity. if people claim this is hurtful why would u even want to call it that...  …
Passengers from Australia and New Zealand held on board a virus-stricken cruise finally depart for their home country. 
China’s devious move under cover of virus  … via 
From here,  …, Apr 1 update. Explains high death toll early on In Italy, first European country to do this inhumane 'lockdown;. TLDR - it wasn't the virus! Keep up the great work. @ukcolumn @mikeukc 
The virus also appears to be affected by high temperatures. 
A new study examining air samples from hospital wards with COVID-19 patients has found the virus can travel up to 13 feet (four meters) -- twice the distance current guidelines say people should leave between themselves in public. 
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus - The New York Times  …
3. Wet markers should be banned 4. Cultural practices should be challenged & criticized (and banned when dangerous) 5. Names are powerful, esp in the hands of a racist president. Virus already had 2 official names (Coronavirus, Covid-19) before Trump called it “the China virus.”
Bill Maher says we should call it the CHINESE VIRUS. Raise your hand if you agree.
Police are playing an exceptionally dangerous game here. The more petty, absurd and downright preposterous incidents like this, the more the public will doubt this is about public health at all. We will only stop the virus with the public’s help. All this does is alienate them.
Sports Illustrated fires entitled reporter making 350K for griping about pay cut amid virus crisis, CEO says  … via @BIZPACReview
I’m feeling positive but I want to share my experience because I felt fine, looked fine and still have the virus. So, take care of yourself and others.
Our thoughts tonight are with our colleague and friend, who served  throughout his policing career and again after retirement as support staff. A gent who made time for everyone but whose own time was cut short by this despicable virus. #RIP53  …
People really have no idea what it means to stay home y’all have no idea what this virus can do! Once it hits your immediate family you’ll find out though! Sad country we live in! STAY HOME please!
5. Even as he is blaming states for inadequate response to the virus, Trump is seizing Covid-19 medical supplies from states and adding them to the federal stockpile.  …
None of us should let up on this little Freemason. He's a criminal. He knew all about the #plandemic. Martha MacCallum was not letting up on Fauci over failed virus models that closed our economy  … via @BIZPACReview
Because... Corona VIRUS... is a VIRUS....!!!!!!!!! Bro I really hate it here lmfao  …
Cutting toxic people out because one virus at a time
Yes, but the point is to show that the pre-symptomatic cases are also contagious & infect people. It's likely how the virus spreads the most. When you start showing symptoms you isolate yourself, not *before*. It's 1 reason why mass #TestingForCovid19 is necessary.
I will only make positive TikToks that teach ppl important virus safety skills 
Playing The Trump Card: How connections steer virus supplies & leave other Americans gasping for breath  via @AP & @BillBramhall @LPeckerman @Dsparky120 @BuffytVSSummers @bhsnitzer @KnowWhatEyeMeme @bcarrz @lazcarr1342 @immelza @TielaTiela 
Coronavirus stated from China as a virus, went to Italy as a pandemic and came to Nigeria as a business
Understanding whether people who have already been sick are immune to the virus is crucial, because experts say it could help get economies back up and running by allowing some people to safely go back to work. 
I’m amazed at how many Americans have so easily given up their first amendment rights over a virus that has impacted less than .002% of the population. These rights  easy, wake up America and stop being sheep!
Azar first briefed Trump about the threat the virus posed on Jan. 18 while the president was at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, according to both the Post and The New York Times. Health secretary twice warned Trump : NYT  …
Cops shut down a drive in church service where nobody was at any significant risk. One of the officers literally says that their “rights are suspended.” If your fear of a virus has made you okay with this, you need to reassess. 
OBSERVER: As virus death toll nears 10,000, parties unite to demand recall of parliament 
Still mind blown by people who want to believe Trump’s hunches. His hunch said we had the virus contained at 15 cases, and that it would soon be ZERO. I’m not sure it’s biologically possible to be more WRONG!! But his fans still worship at his alter. It’s BIZARRE!
Anyhoo... Those media outlets who do these reports and don't include Centrelink wait, get in the fracking bin! You can't praise Govt on one hand for bloody 'announcements' in dealing with virus and NOT mention that 'real' assistance has NOT been given to people. <end rant>
Yes. They should be mad that a fucking klansman called Covid-19 the Chinese virus. Don't be stupid. Complicity in racism is not how  racism.  …
4. When the administration finally did make a virus plan, it wasn't about keeping people safe, it was about diverting blame & accountability. Above all, it meant shunting responsibility for fighting the virus onto states.  …
UCSF paper just out. specific genetic variants in ACE2 (surface protein SARS-CoV2 uses to enter cells) decrease/increase virus-cell binding. freq of variants is 1.6%. may explain why some young ppl have bad course & some elderly people are just fine.  …
Notice how the government response to this virus is to isolate you from your job, your support centers, from your recreation, your gym, your faith and your life? It is almost as if they want you broken and depressed, given over to depression and the will to fight.
Why does the graphic look like the CV19 virus?
... And in our time it is the virus that wears the crown, and the mighty who are helpless and humbled. Look at the politicians across Europe who have persecuted the honorable tradition of Islām: it is they, now, who are forced to wear the niqāb (face veil). 
Coronavirus has exposed the myth of British exceptionalism. Boris Johnson’s first response was at odds with the rest of the world. But this virus does not respect his delusions of national character. As always @fotoole hits the nail on the  …
Maintaining distances of 50 feet or more while running or biking is  to avoid absorbing a cloud of virus particles that could be trailing behind in other people’s slipstreams. I’m looking at you, Utah.  …
Oh God. Virus deniers. Forget the fines. Throw them in jail. Smdh.  …
3. Now, thanks to Trump's failure when it most mattered, Covid-19 has  the leading cause of death in the US, and the US has the highest virus death toll of any country in the world.  …
I wish those, who are out socialising with their friends,  in and work a shift in the health service, to understand the pressure we are under right now, and the effect this virus has on people and their families
I want to hear this from world leaders We have no idea who has #COVID__19 -testing only tip of the iceberg Death rate varies due to response not the virus itself Will not end until (if) a vaccine Health care workers r soldiers in a war Collaboration to survival
Now that Corona Virus has made you postpone your wedding ceremony, how will you explain the pregnancy?
. @Dangerangel Before virus, Trump had things btr in USA than they had ever been. EVER. Since virus he's done all the things all other world leaders have done, plus, to cope. So his "failure" is what? Pls tell me specifically what it is. Or do you hate him just bc u r supposed to?
The first Coronavirus death in the US was six weeks ago on February 29. Now the US is over 20,000 deaths from the virus. Feb. 29 to April 6 - 1 to 10,000 deaths. 38 days. April 6 to April 11 - the second 10,000 deaths. 5.5 days.  …
"not even the first time a virus originated in china" gee it's almost like China has a uniquely large and dense population living in close proximity to livestock, which is perfect conditions for a virus to cross species, not some kind of conspiracy or reflection of poor morals???
2. Even after the administration knew about the virus, it wasted months before acting, primarily because Trump is a malignant narcissist who views the world entirely through the lens of his own ego. He didn't want the virus, so he tried to wish it away.  …
What a superb story brilliantly narrated on how President Trump failed to act on timely advice and suggestions made multiple times by multiple officials about severity of virus that grew into a global pandemic. via @NYTimes  …
Again, John Barry’s book about the 1918 pandemic is apochryphal. Much of that influenza virus was devastating on the troop ships heading to Europe.  …
#EndSocialDistancing #TheSleeperHasAwakened #COVID19 It's not a virus that spreads by contact or through the air. It's an autoimmune disease from deliberately contaminated Chinese processed (American grown) pork. Lung infection is secondary. It doesn't spread, it's consumed!! 
Shined our Light tonight for all the frontline workers who are doing so incredibly well to mind us and care for our loved ones in very difficult circumstances and for all the people who have lost their lives to this awful virus . #coronavirus @RTEOne @RTERadio1 
If you haven't heard, listen to how I adapt Critical Social Justice's own analogy of itself (in ideal form) to a virus and explain how it takes over academic departments and fields, not to mention our pandemic response.  …
It's interesting how Corona Virus became Covid19 in all reporting. Reminds me how the Taliban became ISIS them ISIL. The narrative has to keep evolving to keep people in a constant state of confusion, never clearly understanding what's going on. These devils are extremely cunning
Idk if we’ll ever get those answers but let the record show—when 1 American died under Obama @RobWittman raised his voice But as 20K Americans die under Trump—Wittman bought himself Pharma Stock, told us falsely the virus is NOT spreading, & refused to hold Trump accountable /12
This is right and exactly what the public would expect. With technology we can allow parliamentary scrutiny, while ensuring we continue to observe health advice to beat the virus spread UK political parties unite to demand recall of parliament  …
One of the many extraordinary things about the #COVID19 pandemic is that it is hitting hard even in the very richest countries on earth with the most sophisticated health care facilities. A virus has brought us to our knees.Infection remains a huge threat to global human health.
Just end the stupid lockdown. The soldiers and cops are spreading virus and kicking blacks  …
As to the pandemic: The RKI experts have prepared German‘s for rising death rates. Unlike Italy, which had the horrendous bad luck that old and sick people were afflicted early on, in Germany the virus hit young sportive vacationers first.
Watch: Bill Maher Destroys the 'Chinese Virus' Outrage of Ted Lieu and Other Dems in Epic Five Minute Rant 
And despite all this— @RobWittman accuses *us* of “politicizing” this Pandemic b/c we dared ask why he falsely told us the virus is NOT spreading while buying himself Pharma stock? We dared ask where are the tests? Where dared ask where are the PPE supplies? Here's the deal /11
Have you seen this March 19th video of Cuomo?? He’s telling us about his 25 min conversation with his panicked “businessman” friend and his INSANE opinion: The fear is MORE dangerous than the virus” - Gov Cuomo March 19th  …
His strategy of the "herd immunity" was and is  failure, that he had to change after some weeks. He's responsible for having delayed UK action against the propagation of this virus.
It is what it is ... Wuhan-China virus Not some posh names 
I'm an anti vaxxer which is why I think we should just all get herd immunity by exposing ourselves to the virus to get antibodies, ideally a weakened version of the virus, in some sort of doctor's office or pharmacy
For those of you that say Covid-19 instead of corona virus... what r u trying to prove???
The heterogeneity of the virus is itself a form of camouflage. It fakes us out. It’s inescapable in one area, and then invisible in another, till it roars to life. Mirrored at the individual level. Some in the ICU, some with a cough, some with a cough and then suddenly ICU.  …
After a month of being closed temporarily due to COVID-19, The Great Movie Ride has re-emerged. Hollywood Studios is healing. We are the virus. 
Americans are asking: Is shutting down the economy with millions unemployed and businesses going bankrupt worth the price? A devastating economic meltdown. At what point is the cure worse than fighting the virus until vaccines and therapies are available?  …
How will we stop the virus if more that half the cases are asymptomatic? Ship-wide testing last weekend revealed 128 of the 217 passengers and crew aboard the cruise were COVID-19 positive, most of them asymptomatic.  …
Friends, Another Caring Patriot @CarlstromElaina has sent a Easter Offering to Jack My Veteran Brother Jack and I can't spend Easter together because of the Virus but I hope to see him soon Lana Your kindness and generosity is heartfelt and appreciated Thank You Lana  …
If you had to sacrifice a Serie A team to end the Corona virus pandemic... who would it be, and why exactly Inter Milan?
FLASH: 13 new cases of #COVID19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 1 in Delta & 1 in Kano Total cases now 318 in Nigeria. To everyone who is planning to go to church tomorrow, just remember that skipping church will not kill you- But if you get the virus, you may die.
The labeling of coronavirus as the “Chinese virus” is a carbon-copy act of how politicians created stigma and fear of gay men in the 1980s. 
In the U.S, the death toll has surpassed that of Spain, with only Italy reporting more. Experts have weighed in that the Coronavirus was not handled properly, with the Virus being at its peak. We need leadership & smart decisions made, can someone in Washington please step up! 
WWE have their employees traveling in and out of the PC, a dirty gym thinking they can control people, a virus and the situation. People have gotten sick and they don’t care. I’m glad Roman said Yeah I’m Out. Wild.
Here’s the video of @realDonaldTrump at the “COVID19 Presser” He says “Human Trafficking” 6x He does at least 3 #AirQs All in 2 mins Still think this is about a “Virus”? #QAnon  …
Areas around Abule-Egba were robbed today in broad day light. Shops looted, armed robbers on the prowl. We had to close the hospital gates for fear of being harmed also. People have reached breaking point. Its between a virus and increasing crime.
What a fantasy. Again, do you think restaurants are gonna be full of people in the alternate timeline where you just let the virus tear through the population and millions die?  …
COVID19 has infected 500K+ Americans & 300+ service members. It's killed 20,000+ Americans. @RobWittman has sent ZERO public letters to Trump demanding action or to protect our military Instead, he's falsely told us the virus is NOT spreading & bought himself Pharma Stock. /8
CORRUPT INSURANCE COMPANIES Business Interruption Insurance POTUS pointed this out IF you were listening. Think: Time to clean up this industry. Official determination as to the virus being "An Act of God" or man made will likely be .  …
While we are trying to fight this virus, ASUU and the federal government should be doing whatever they need to do because we need to go back to school once this is over.
Labeling it China virus or Wuhan virus or whatever would be fine if: 1) so many people didn't interpret it as a racist dog whistle, 2) clash of civilizations thinking wasn't already present in the situation, and 3) the labeling wasn't a deliberate attempt to antagonize China  …
Boris Johnson pushed the same herd immunity theory. He got the virus but recovered. Other British citizens weren't as lucky.
"Want to fight climate change? Defeat the virus. Save the economy. Recover green." Fabulously succinct @gilbeaq. Defeating the virus is precondition for economic recovery. Economic security is precondition for robust climate action. Clean energy investment can help power recovery  …
#PanicDiary The virus is dark. Chinese study suggested people who had #coronavirus only had very low levels of antibodies following their recovery. Separately, South Korea body said the virus may be “reactivating” in people who had previously been cured.  …
There's always this self-contradiction built into arguments about political correctness. "It's crazy that liberals obsess over what terms to use! That's not what's important! Also, it is CRUCIAL that we call this the Chinese Virus! The terminology dictates all future behavior!"
Please pray for our friend John Bishop. He is experiencing severe pain from headaches. Two important surgeries have been postponed due to the virus causing him significant additional 
Disney World is furloughing 43,000 more workers due to virus  …
GOOD NEWS: For the 24-hour period ending 10:00 PM last night, another 682 New Jerseyans were discharged. Hundreds of people are beating this virus. That should give us hope, especially in this season when our spiritual lives are filled with a sense of renewal. #JerseyStrong
#ShineYourLight Thank you to those on the frontline. Thoughts with those suffering through this virus or who have lost a loved one. 
They gave everyone corona and are now using the virus they spread to selectively discriminate lmao  …
Finally, @RobWittman calls our ask for transparency “despicable” & accuses us of playing politics He still wont answer our inquiry of why he bought stock in a potential vaccine while falsely telling us the virus is NOT spreading But let’s talk about actually playing politics /6 
#CHARGED: I advised them not to enter via megaphone; ignored me. They went around 3 barricades telling them not to enter; ignored them. When I caught up to them, they told me they were a taxpayer & taxpayers own the land (Mississauga Resident). Told me virus deaths are a hoax. 
I hate this virus 
Psst. White folks, you know that when you start wearing masks en masse, it helps normalize wearing them, which helps protect others & not just from the virus. We all need to be wearing them but y'all have an opportunity to make it safer for ALL of us to wear them.
Tulugaq (raven). He’s on our side in wanting the virus to not make it to Nunavut. So far, still no confirmed cases here. #stillcountingourblessings 
Remember when the response by many to the Coronavirus was to minimalize it by pointing out that the flu kills 20,000+ a year in the US, and by suggesting that this virus was not nearly as dangerous? Well, the Coronavirus just killed 20,000+ in one month
#FireFauci #FireBirx Patient gets admitted to hospital for organ failure due to late stage  into contact w/ #CCPVirus in the hospital & virus shows up in a test either before or after death, it's listed COVID fatality. Same w/other disease  …
" #Viruses cannot infect red blood cells. Unlike most other cells in the body, as red blood cells develop in bone marrow they lose their #DNA. If a #virus ends up inside a red blood cell, there are no genes it can hijack to replicate itself" @UMassMedical
NostrObama in December 2014 urged planning for the possibility of a new “deadly Spanish Flu virus emerging in five years” ( correct almost to the day ) Meanwhile Bozo the Clown was still predicting three weeks ago that it all would be over by Easter..  …
Truth. @esglaude quoting @RevDrBarber to make plain how a virus that spreads among the least of these reveals to the truth that we’re all in the same boat. 
SERIOUSLY, w/ such numbers, ponder economic damage vs health benefits of CONTINUING to apply national virus policy to #Wyoming. NO DEATHS; 0.02% active infections per capita. @GovernorGordon looking good for allowing most decisions to be local/appealing to personal 
#ShineALight I lit a candle to honour our #frontlineworkers As a prayer for everyone battling #COVID19 In remembrance of everyone who has died of the Virus. #StaySafe #StayWell 
That pollen really outside waiting to pack up whoever the virus miss smh
Same woman who went on the news telling us to gather up with our friends and have dinner in Chinatown back when The President was warning us about social gathering and the Chinese Virus.
20,109 Americans have died in mere weeks from a deadly pandemic you called a, “Democrat hoax.” 518,892 Americans have the virus, that we know of. And you’re tweeting this utter nonsense, instead of doing your job. You’re as dumb as you are evil & as  as you are insane. 
Now @RobWittman goes on the attack & claims we’re “contradicting” that he’s updated constituents constantly. But we never contradicted that. We simply asked why he falsely told us the virus was NOT spreading while he bought himself Pharma stock. He still hasn’t answered. /5 
Today 917 death due to Corona Virus in UK. The ISKCON organised some event for 3 days and thousands of participated. Total 78991 people are infected.  …
BREAKING: The Health Secretary warned Trump about Coronavirus months ago, according to the New York Times. That means that Peter Navarro, the CDC, FEMA, the Health Secretary, U.S. Intel, and Barack Obama all warned Trump about the virus, and then he proceeded to lie to America.
KMS, members of Rabita Committee & I visited the temporary kitchen in Orangi Town which is set up by KKF & Haq-Parast Parliamentarians. This kitchen supplies meals to those who need it in this corona virus crisis. Anyone who is interested in helping, get in touch! 
"We're afraid of the virus but we can't do anything" The refugees and asylum seekers living on the margins during the coronavirus outbreak  
HRH Dr Abubakar Shehu Abubakar III, Emir of Gombe and Chairman state council of emirs and chiefs, has earlier on visited "Corona Virus Isolation Center" in Gombe. He was at the center to see the level of state preparedness on the dreaded virus. Long live the king. 
Trump knew. He did nothing. The GOP knew. They did nothing. #TrumpLiedPeopleDied #trumpcovidfails He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus 
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS ALL OVER THE PLACEWas this Wuhan Virus made in a lab? Did they spread it on purpose? Why are politicians treating us like criminals? When will it end?  …
Hi. I know we’re all scared of the virus but your favorite bands are here for you even when your government lets u down.
Today Matt Hancock said: An investigation will see IF the deaths of NHS workers caught the virus on the frontline. Priti Patel said: “I’m sorry IF people feel there have feel failings over PPE” Can the government stop dismissing and denying the sacrifice made by these heroes.
Understanding whether people who have already been sick are immune to the virus is crucial, because experts say it could help get economies back up and running by allowing some people to safely go back to work. 
Let’s start calling these “projections” and “models” what they really are ... Educated guesses by health professionals who, like all of us, don’t actually know what this virus is going to do a week from now or a month from now.  …
Belarus soccer continues amid virus anxiety and empty stands  
EXPERTS: we should maintain social distancing to stop the virus’ spread LUNATIC: covid is a hoax created to stifle American prayer NYTIMES: Some Urge Caution; Others Disagree
Is it relevant that Trump didn't act until after the 70th day of knowing about the corona virus?  …
What the heck??? ... this *preparation* drill?!!! So, the virus scare was a "drill"?  …
The 1917/1918 'Spanish Flu' - Trump refers to it a lot More like Chinese Flu as it originated in China And guess who Died from the Chinese Flu? Trump's Grandfather, Frederick Trump! Did he die from the virus or targeted [187] I wonder  …
We need more mobile testing units in  We must know where the virus is so that we can take better care of the people that we’ve sworn an oath to serve. I promise you, the fight for more mobile testing units is on in Congress.
Share this tweet, not the virus! Here are Six Steps to Stop the Spread... 
Tonight. 7PM CST on The Black Channel. This virus is now being used to force even the middle class into poverty under the logic of "protecting" you. So what will you do? Join us tonight.  
Michael Avenatti has temporarily been released from federal prison for wuhan virus concerns? Are you fucking kidding me? What about Paul Manafort?
Sensible instructions to practice social distancing, wear masks, and stay at home already do most of the work to reduce the virus’s spread. By pushing too far, the governor undermines her own authority and increases the likelihood people will not follow reasonable guidelines.
"Can't We Have A Pandemic Without Everyone Getting Offended?" - Maher Slams Libs Triggered By "Chinese Virus" Label  …
WWE has since confirmed this news to Fightful. The person diagnosed with the virus was not a wrestler. More below.  …
A recent article has shown that the already-promising drug candidate remdesivir, on trial now, exhibits promising activity against the #COVID19 causing virus and might work well in retarding virus replication. 
Antibiotics on a virus. I thought his genius uncle gave him special knowledge? Stable genius!
FDA warns Alex Jones to stop pitching bogus virus remedies  
the nyc parks department is still making non-office workers go out to the field and work, despite two employees dying from the virus so far and others testing positive. please sign & share this petition to ensure their pay and adequate PPE:  …
At least he’s not willing to kill people for the market or re-election like the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump. Thank you @GovAndyBeshear for putting people in front of profits and for understanding how deadly this virus is.
If anyone was unsure on my position about corona virus/lockdown, I’m a filthy centrist 
More good news in Tennessee. Virus continues to get its ass kicked.  …
First, @RobWittman calls our simple ask for transparency a “serious allegation.” We didn’t make any allegation. We asked why he falsely told us the virus is NOT spreading while he bought himself Pharma stock? He hasn’t answered or set any facts straight. But it gets worse /2 
We are in the middle of a pandemic and people are dying from this virus you should stay home and businesses should stay closed to stay safe!!!!!! Texas: 
Bill Gates wants a new world order. He's in it with Fauci. Birx is in there somewhere. Fauci doesn't want us to use hydroxycholorquine...Gates & Fauci wants mandatory vaccine w/ digital ID. They unleashed a virus to strip us of our freedom! THIS. IS. MADNESS.
yes thx for asking. will there ever be a normal way of life again? there is no cure for this virus and the vaccine is made by  who gave women ovarian cancer. the virus will return again just a matter of when. meanwhile govts are using this crisis to make patriot act 2  …
I feel like my entire life I’ve been acting like we’re in the middle of a pandemic where the virus spreads through emotional closeness.
Sharing this concern is why I keep repeating US& world economy were already faltering before Covid-19 struck, that downturn was already in motion, with virus tipping slow downturn into shutdown. Climbing out to be a multi year task. No V in 2020  …
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation. 
Wow after blaming US, Italy & Germany. Now CCP is blaming Africa. African countries should tell the chinazi’s gov the debts they owe them is now paid for by China spreading this virus killing many  …
When a virus grows exponentially, it might not be relevant for long.
#COVID19 has now killed 20,304 Americans We asked my GOP opponent @RobWittman why he falsely told us “the virus is NOT spreading” while buying himself Pharma stock in a potential COVID19 vaccine? He called our ask “despicable” But thats the least of the problem Thread /1 
Moreover, S Korea numbers are more reliable. Ours are likely much higher because without tests we cannot attribute, e.g., pneumonia deaths to the virus.
Perfect @billmaher Zika from the Zika Forest Ebola from the Ebola River Hantavirus from the Hantan River West Nile Virus Guinea Worm Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever Spanish Flu MERS: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome German Measles What's wrong w/ calling COVID-19 the China Virus?  …
> @realDonaldTrump has tested positive — for the bulls**t virus  …
customers are so quick  their opinion on how we do our job because of the whole corona virus, like if you’re so worried of who’s making your drinks & food than maybe u should just stay home.
Say it how it is.This Virus came from China, the blame lies at their door, it either came from their disgusting wet markets or their laboratories, this is China’s fault they should be held accountable. Why the hell aren’t world governments holding them to account ?
Hit by virus, Pentagon warns enemies: Don't test us "I wouldn't want any mixed messages going out there to any adversaries that they can take advantage of an opportunity at a time of crisis" "That would be a terrible, tragic mistake if they thought that"  …
turned the iconic cardi b monologue into an artwork... i call it CORONA VIRUS 
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation. 
Trump, the president who thinks antibiotics can cure a Virus, what could possibly go wrong! 
Democrats support extending this shutdown for MONTHS. They want nothing more than millions and millions of Americans dependent on government. THAT is their plan. It's NOT about the virus. It's about their POWER.
... has been going on, and a**holes across the world have taken advantage of situations, like 9/11 and the virus, to simply f*** us over. I don't know about you, but I've had enough. I'm not going to be polite about it. I'm not going to use proper language ... (more)
Lots of predictions that pandemic will spell the end of urbanism. How much more virus spread happens between the hundreds of people in this suburban  to the local grocery or hardware store? The inconvenience of making Costco safe (huge lines) could change habits. 
Why won't liberals BELIEVE THE SCIENCE on healthful, outdoor activities not causing Chinese virus?  …
All of that stuff was irrelevant to the spread of COVID-19 but it was an area the Liberals, IMO, were much  with -- virtue-signalling about the virus rather than doing what needed to be done to contain the virus.  …
And some Chinese keep telling ppl in this war that they are helping about the virus. Yeah I see that, but  from your country. It starts spreading from your country. It’s just a part of the responsibility. Do not act like we owe you anything. 
the city of chicago rly decided to BLOW UP a 100yr old coal plant building in Little Village w LATE/NO notice to the majority  during a respiratory virus pandemic like?? the amount of dust,lead & asbestos released in the air is gnna make covid infections worse 
So basically 60 doctors in #Nishtar Hospital, Multan were tested yesterday and 18 turned to be +ve for deadly virus. 7 are my my closest friends. I can't believe what I'm sharing. I'm sad, depressed & worried. Ya Allah raham farma ya Allah raham farma Ya Allah raham farma
NY Times keeps running these dumb stories - no mention of Dr. Fauci on 1/21/20 saying the virus was ‘nothing to worry about’ or CNN/MSNBC doing the same, NY Times saying visiting China was safe, N.Y. officials telling people on 3/2 to go to the movies and Chinatown. 
Watch sad reflections but hope for Easter Sunday during the #COVID19 crisis with Revd. Dave Chesney @Sheznay from @AscensionVicDoc on the day that those infected with the virus in @NewhamLondon rises to 702. 
Let’s take our minds off of Corona Virus for a minute. Join me on FB Live this Monday at 7pm EST to talk all things Mopar and more! I look forward to getting to know you all a bit better! Stay well! 
Nurse called in, my sisters condition is slowly getting better but Is not out this battle yet. She still has the virus and is fighting it off the best she can. Please God, please let  back home in peace. 
Mfs in my city really still think the virus is a hoax god
A important long article from March 19 demolishing the arguments behind the herd immunity plan, and showing that the virus must first be suppressed by a lockdown and then contained by other methods including data-driven testing & tracing as in South Korea.  …
I know I  but I don’t give a shit. Mute me if it bothers you but wrestling should NOT be still going on at this point. It’s fucking irresponsible and now someone at WWE has the virus. Wrestling. Can. Wait. Let. The. Wrestlers. Go. Home. @WWE @AEWrestling
Pray for our president and governors. They need the wisdom of Solomon to guide us through this terrible Chinese virus.
#ShineYourLight For anyone anywhere affected by the virus - and all frontline workers and essential staff keeping us safe. Thank you from Ireland 
Their parking lot has turned into cooler trailers filled with those who have deceased, the constant fear of getting the virus, or worse passing onto your entire family just to hear your "president" say its up to the states to provide, or hear him say "they have to be nice to me"!
‘’if making money be virus i dey test positive for the disease’’ Medikal - Quarantine flow
So another street neighbour just got in from Abuja, @PoliceNG PH police, if this virus enter PH it will reach your family, greed will kill you people. Let me go to my bfs house, my street is not safe, shutup o.
In an alternative universe the UK government responded decisively to the virus in January shutting down the borders. The remain dominated media, Brussels and EU member states attacked them for manufacturing a crisis in an effort to get out of the Withdrawal Agreement.
Europe has greed Europe has racism Europe has stupidity Europe has selfishness But no one asks to end the lockdown nor calls COVID-19 the Chinese virus. What is wrong with America?
What is going on in Michigan? First banning of seeds and now this? Sounds like they have problems other than the corona virus.  …
It has always been my deal to treat others with respect & kindness. I've put the well-being of others before mine The fact being this isn't reciprocated doesn't make me falter. The tide changes. I obtain a virus &  that villain breathing anywhere near neighbors. #SatSplat
Over 80,000 Sign Online Petition Demanding Recall of Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer Michiganders have had it with Governor Whitmer as an Online Petition demanding her Recall have gone viral over her failure’s during the Covid-19 Corona Virus  
#TimetoToast To all Police, NHS, Transport workers, Delivery drivers and all who are keeping our country going. Especially remembering those who have lost their lives in fighting the virus. 
Please don't politicize this virus, It exploits the differences you have at national level. No need to use COVID-19 to score political points : 
There are really people out there who think social distancing is the causing the global depression and not the deadly pandemic virus?  …
Tell that to the first respondent's and see if they feel the same! I have several family/friends in the medical field and ALL have said they have the same mask for a week, not enough medical supplies, beds to  those who have the virus, TESTS FOR EVERYONE,
Add Kentucky and @AndyBeshearKY to the list of police states and police state thugs. No privacy, ZERO proof of virus, yet they quarantine, restricting freedom of healthy Americans. These thugs are acting like many third world countries. Where is the @ACLU #fail @potus 
Approaching people to give them the tickets does more to spread the virus than driving up for the service.  …
"There's never been a more critical time for 2A." Yeah, right, the only thing that stops a bad virus with a corona is a good guy with a gun.  …
If the people of ENGLAND ever vote TORY again, then it has 2 B said that there is seriously something wrong with them. Their treatment of the NHS STAFF has been cruel beyond belief. Their handling of this virus has just been disgraceful. Money be4 lives everytime with the TORIES
Tonight we want to #ShineALight and show solidarity with those impacted by Covid19. We’re thinking of frontline workers, those who are recovering from #Covid19 and the families of those who have sadly lost their lives because of this virus. 
Hundreds of U.S. Meat Workers Have Now Tested Positive for Virus  …
Shining a light tonight for those on the frontline, the sick & those we have lost. #ShineYourLight Soon there will be light at the end of this tunnel and the virus will be far behind us. But first, we must continue #SelfIsolation & #SocialDistancing in order to 
N95 mask blocks 95% of particles as small as 0.3 microns. A nanometer is 1000 X smaller than a micron. A COVID-19 virus is 70 to 90 billionth of a meter, or nano meter (one nm =0.000000001 m). How many #coronaviruses fit through holes of N95 mask? Someone PLEASE do the math!
"I spent an hour listening to a (highly condescending) Doctor refuse to test me because I 'did not fit testing criteria' and tell me why it was impossible that I had contracted the virus..." 
A close friend who really suffered with Covid19 in NY and is now recovering said ‘Someone told me: Corona is the virus, but capitalism is the pandemic’ the inequality has to end now, the future must value people not profit.  …
Updates on the coronavirus pandemic: • U.S. toll rises to about 20,000, eclipsing Italy. • European nations employ roadblocks, drones, helicopters to discourage Easter travel. • Twenty-four residents of an Indiana nursing home hit by virus have died. 
At a time when the world is preoccupied with the Corona virus, the Turkish army and its mercenaries are bombing densely populated areas in northeastern Syria and are expanding and occupying Syrian lands.
Uganda is steadily progressing as far as fighting corona virus is concerned.
Seconded. Just wait until the  to their primarily white, privileged towns. And if it doesn't, they'll be too stupid to know that Whitmer's actions saved them from that fate. Stay safe!
“The virus exists on top of the underlying vulnerabilities, and those exist without major outcry. That’s what troubles me: the way we accept in this country the death of 700 people a day from the effects of poverty, without the virus.”-Rev. Barber  …?
DeepState, Dems & China colluded to manufacture this virus in a lab as ANOTHER attempt to take down Trump—trying to ruin our economy & take INNOCENT lives—ALL in the name of $& POWER Dems have blood on their hands & they ALL belong in GITMO! #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #KAG
All the people shouting when Trump called it Chinese virus are silent in the face of the Xenophobia government activites in Guangzhou. Liberals and wannabe lefties are just hypocrites.
With all this Corona virus you're still buying condoms instead of face masks ?
Thanos said, “you could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life the other half would thrive, but you have shown me that's impossible.” It could have as  from the Corona Virus.
"We have thrown 15 years of institutional learning out the window and are making decisions based on intuition" from March 12 email among Trump administration pandemic experts. How many lives lost b/c priority was manage Trump versus manage the virus? 
As soon as you and the other virus are gone. 
Yes, I'll probably keep repeating this, but with the crackdown on Churches and Synagogues, why no mention of a crackdown on Mosques? Are Muslims immune to the virus? I think we should study this problem further.
capitalism is the virus 
Fevers, headaches, lack of appetite.. All the symptoms! #COVID19 affects people differently, but the biggest threat with this virus is unseen. Full video:  #SaturdayThoughts 
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation  …
Bill Maher on why it’s the China virus regardless of whose feelings are hurt. 
For all you people shaming @GovWhitmer I would love for you to tell me a more effective way to get through this virus since you know it all. I would also like to tell you that Detroit is the third city with the highest amount of cases. Please take your ignorance and stay home.
I’m invincible from getting the virus because I’m covered in Christ’s blood, even though hundreds of Christians have already died from corona but clearly they weren’t devout enough
Yikes. The whole ICU has virus present. We need to be suiting up and staying in PPE for our whole shift and/or structuring the shifts like they did in China.  …
BREAKING: As leaked Johnson and his gov. are still planning "herd immunity let your mam and dad die" strategy (genocide) for the whole country! UK gov. don't plan stop the virus with mass testing as Germany, just plan to avoid huge spikes. We want enquiry!  …
The old "I'm sorry if" you feel that way non-apology. No apology for NHS staff dying in their dozens without the proper protective gear they need & having to wear bin liners, snorkelling goggles etc to try to protect themselves from a killer virus. 
Say what you like about Darth Vader, mask, gloves, force choke. He knew how to protect himself from a virus.
Countries that are known for their excellent health care services have to choose one life over another. Mass graves are being dug to  the numbers of persons just dying. AND YALL LOOKING FOR ANY CHANCE TO GATHER LIKE THIS?? This virus had to be a fantasy for yall....  …
We could listen to Dr. Tony or Dr. Tomi Dr. Tony Fauci, Dir. National Institute Infectious Diseases said we should continue to stay inside & “we don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline” I forget where did Dr. Tomi get her MD Degree? I'm gonna listen to the real Dr  …
In all EU countries, you can buy and do private Covid19 test at any time. The UK has banned all UK laboratories that have the capability to do Covid19 tests to anybody. As if #BorisTheButcher and the UK gov. wants to spread the virus in "command and controlled" way! 
I've been raving about the remarkable 1980 pandemic disaster movie VIRUS by Battle Royale director Kinji Fukasaku - turns out it's on youtube in the proper, uncut 2.5 hour version: 
Just a week back, flattening the curve seemed to be such a distant dream but here we are. Uganda's success at containing this virus should go a long way in dismantling Afro-pessimism considering its winning in a field where those otherwise thought to be superior are struggling.  …
Throughout January, as Trump repeatedly played down the virus, several figures inside his government from top W.H. advisers to experts, cabinet departments & intel agencies identified the threat, sounded alarms & made clear the need for aggressive action.  …
you know what else is inhumane? not social distancing and spreading a deadly virus around to people without even knowing it and possibly being the reason for the deaths of tons of people.  …
91+ people who were “cured” from the new coronavirus tested positive again in South Korea. Officials say the virus may have been ‘reactivated’...which means it may be like HIV or herpes remaining in body and flaring up as many of us have reported+feared. 
Why is it that flu and pneumonia deaths have dropped to nearly zero during the Wuhan Virus pandemic?
So the question is, do Republicans not understand the science, or is it something else? Why would they push for reopening if it will just cause the virus to explode again? They know. They've just realized who it will kill.
Do virus deaths highlight social inequalities around BAME people? @kirancmoodley  …
Drones in the sky telling people what to do...?! There’s something very, very Orwellian about all this which will affect our societies more and for far longer than that virus..
US now leads world in deaths, day after Trump announces 'Opening our Country' task force. As the president mulls when restrictive coronavirus measures might start to be lifted, the US passed a grim milestone of leading the world in deaths from the virus.  …
#nnevvy More and more stuffs will be ban by ChinaI just like 8964 Btw China Wuhan Virus more important is that Taiwan is Taiwan not a part of China Little Pink are crying in their room just because they dun have any freedom and enough human rights,fucking sad 
It’s interesting that the President who downplayed the virus, left the States to fend for themselves, and refused to close the country, now believes it’s his right to reopen it. Sorry dude, you’ve given up that right by not leading the UNITED STATES. The states should ignore him.  …
This is the only quote we need: YOU, many weeks after you KNEW coronavirus was a threat to Americans, talking up the DOW, downplaying the risk of the virus, and placing all Americans in grave danger. 
2 months ago, god said: you’re gonna move in another country by yourself to see your idol for 20£ before I lauch my brand new virus and I didn’t thought it would happen until the last second.. 
Russian doctors in protective suits chasing a patient with suspected Corona virus. 
So there's no cure for a virus that can be killed by sanitizer and soap? #COVIDー19
If we're taken by the virus, this will be our Heaven.  …
He's a first-order thinker. "Corona virus spreads via contact" Fauci: THEN NO CONTACT. PROBLEM SOLVED. "Shaking hands spreads COVID-19" Fauci: THEN NO SHAKING HANDS. PROBLEM SOLVED. "Doctor my arm hurts when I do this" Fauci: THEN DON'T DO THAT! #LOL
Seeing the number of coronavirus cases & deaths go up each day and seeing people still not practicing physical distancing is making my blood boil. How selfish & inconsiderate can you get? It’s a luxury to stay home & safe while frontline workers are exposed to this virus.
Listening to otherwise very good @guardian podcast on 100 days of coronavirus, @patrickwintour repeats government line herd immunity was by-product not purpose of original strategy. That makes no sense. Only possible justification for delay was to allow enough people to get virus
On Fire Christian Center’s WIN in restraining order has just open the door for other churches: “ Moreover, if sitting in cars did pose a significant danger of spreading the virus, Louisville would close all drive-throughs and parking lots that are not related to maintaining. “
Excellent informative interview as always  sense look after your immune system and it will look out for you no matter what virus/bacterial/fungus! Meat, Eggs, fowl, fish with a few veggies. What do all these have  Vit A,D,C,E, cholesterol, Magnesium,Zinc
Trump Says Americans Must "Quickly Forget" About Coronavirus Once It Goes Away. We're won't forget about the virus, or that you're impeached, or that you've yet to release your taxes, or that Mexico isn't paying for the wall, or that haven't U divested from your businesses.
In Nigeria we claim to respect God Almighty, God Almighty says respect Authority, Authorities are saying respect Corona Virus, Nigerians have refused to respect Corona Virus! Corona Virus is still respecting us Small Small! That respect won't last. May God help us. #COVID19
Happy Easter, Reflections of the Virus: 1. Half of us are going  out of this quarantine as amazing cooks. The other half with a drinking problem 2. I used to spin that toilet paper like I was on Wheel of Fortune, now I turn it like I'm cracking a safe
“I was wrong. When I said college kids ‘have the ability to fight this virus off,’ I was being irresponsible. When I suggested bringing back unpaid players to get the economy going, that wasn’t offensive. It was just dumb. I take it back.” - what the statement should have said.  …
South Korea is experiencing re-infection at an alarming rate. There may be no “herd immunity” with this virus.
#COVID19 has killed more Americans in 1 week than H1N1 killed in an entire year. And COVID19 is just getting started. Behind Trump's Failure is a GOP who learned of the pandemic, bought themselves stock, & told us the virus is NOT spreading. Vote them all out Nov 3.
Went for a walk up Trail 5 Islamabad today and stunned to see nature returning after a century. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
VIDEO: Watch Researcher Predict #Virus/5G #Crisis In 2018 #Infowars has been #warning you of the dangers of #5G for years! Dr. #EdwardGroup and #AlexJones break down the dangers of 5G  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 
RETWEET! 5G is the real silent killer, not the "Corona Virus"!!! 
Just In: Italy’s virus death toll nears 20,000 as France declares ‘plateau’  
Forget name. It is “the Chinese Virus.” All viruses named after place they started. more importantly, China did this to us. Either on purpose, or coverup of mistake. They owe us trillions. Trust me, biggest mistake in world history. USA always gets revenge  …
Fake News Gets a Real Virus.  …
Please call it CCP virus CCP does not represent all Chinese Chinese are also the biggest victims of CCP 
Just as in WW2, when our nation was forced to fight a two-front war, the present crisis requires fighting on two fronts as well—one against the virus & the other to revive the greatest economy the world has ever known. Read more of my op-ed in @Newsweek  …
Since the corona virus landed here. President Ramaphosa and team have shown: -Urgency -Delivered services -Admitted where they have erred -Sharing the bad news yet inspiring hope. Are they perfect? No. But we could have been in worse situation!
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
Do you care that 12,000+ Texans have the virus and 254 Texans have died as of today, you stupid ghoul?  …
VIDEO: As humans retreat indoors at night to fight a virus, Bangkok's streets are handed over to increasingly brazen rats who are venturing out across the Thai capital in huge numbers 
The significance of the Yunnan cave sample is that it shows the bat virus didn’t need to  with viruses in other species in a market to be infectious to people:  …
Thank God virus can't move sideways 
@realDonaldTrump was 70 days behind the 8 ball! 70 days spent golfing, holding his Hate campaigns, throwing big donor parties at MAL, all the whole delaying, denying, using a deadly virus as sick propaganda and lying to the people he was supposed to protect! He should resign! 
Air travel above Europe vs above the US Two different perspectives on how to deal with the spread of the virus summed up in a couple of pictures. 
A month ago, almost to the day, Trump said "we’re prepared, and we’re doing a great job with it. And it will go away." Today the US became the world leader in deaths from the virus  …
The ones who agree to #KeepTexasRed, were dropped on their heads as a kid. Trump is a fool. And if you can't see that, you need a therapist. Rewire yourselves! I'm a #Canadian by heart. If I survive COVID, will you accept me? After the virus passes, I'm leaving America!
"I was dying of that virus, was I? Well, let me tell you that's nowhere near how terrible I feel right now at hearing the Brits helped install my ventilator." Said no one, ever. Sinn Féin criticises call for help from British Army  …
This is one reason why our virus response is the world's worst: HHS Secretary Azar directly warned Trump of the possibility of a pandemic during a call on Jan. 30, the 2nd warning he delivered to Trump about the virus in 2 weeks. Trump responded that Azar was being alarmist.
Everyone needs to stop and watch this from Bill Maher This is a liberal making real sense for once It's NOT racist to say where the virus came from It's NOT racist to criticize continued, dangerous behavior that could spread a virus like this again Bill Maher totally nails it 
Date night is not what it used to be! No more hotels & restaurants. Now our car is everything in one go! We're now living under a tyranny hiding behind the guise of protecting us from a virus. In a few weeks, we lost all our freedom & we are going to have to fight to get it back! 
#Obama promotes mail vote after #Wisconsin primary 'debacle' Obama strongly denounced the Wisconsin state-wide elections, which went ahead this week despite concerns about spreading the deadly COVID-19 virus.  …
Any Corona Virus vaccine liability  in the U.S. will be paid for 100% by U.S. citizens/taxpayers just like with the Childhood Vaccine Injury Act. The vaccines injure but the vaccine maker is immune from 
I'm sorry to announce that the wedding scheduled for today has been cancelled due to the virus outbreaks. (and the groom having unexpected  up) Stay tuned for the rescheduled date 
Whatever your issues with the PC Police, if you spend your time defending the use of the term “Chinese Virus,” then you’re doing Trump’s work for him. And that makes you a chump.
He realizes some of the word mistakes and tries to correct them, sometimes unsuccessfully. With "oranges", you can see him trying  up with "origins", then give up and say"the beginning of". I'm betting he used "germs" because he could not think of virus at the time.
Don’t stoop so low. Be kind to even the unkind ones bcoz they need it the most. Pray for people that is suffering in the real world, suffering from this vicious virus, from anything else going on in their life. We are bigger and better than this. Humanity above all, please
I have faced unanticipated stress, fear&anxiety bcoz I haven’t been able to do much for the people that take their last breath infront of my eyes. Not enough people are taking this seriously bcoz not everyone understands that when you suffer, you suffer alone from this virus.
I work 12-14 hours shift in the hospital every day with COVID-19 patients. The floor I work on had 29 patients, most of them with serious conditions a day ago... so many of medical professionals I work with have caught a virus themselves. The conditions out here is frightful...
When this corona virus is over there’s people I want to stay on a lockdown in my life. Stay far away from me
Let's not forget how The GLOBALIST TOTALITARIAN Whitmer threatened overburdened health care providers with license confiscation if they prescribed Hydroxy for patients ill with Corona Virus. #RecallWhitmer @Lrihendry @SidneyPowell1  …
Nearly 300 of the sailors on the USS Roosevelt have tested positive for the virus, including its captain, Brett Crozier. @adamweinstein spoke on the @slate podcast about why the armed forces are particularly at risk amid the 
Sick of hearing democrats (AND CONSERVATIVES!) saying, “we shouldn’t call #COVID19 the “China Virus” b/c its disrespectful” Since when has it  “disrespectful” to call a virus by the name of which it originated from? ...Since dems declared facts ““racist””?! PC is cancer!
"Eight days on supplemental oxygen in a Utah hospital taught me how fast and hard this virus strikes. I am young, healthy, active and not suffering from any underlying conditions." | By  …
Is your boss needlessly exposing you and your coworkers to COVID-19? Do you need paid leave, or PPE? Fill out this form to connect with DSA union and @UEUnion members who are ready to help you organize your workplace and stop the spread of the virus! 
The virus has infected 249 people in just 18 days in the city. Of them, 30 died during treatment 
Democrats are trying to make #coronavirus a black and a brown controversy while simultaneously accusing President @realDonaldTrump of "racializing" the virus. My new book is out June 2, 2020  
In a time when unity is paramount rather than the whole Country, getting behind the elected Government, all i see is petty sniping self serving gutter journalism,disgraceful attempts at political point scoring, and the vilest  against a PM battling a deadly virus,Shame
Como and Newsom will run together. The press will push how great they were with the Chy-na Virus with awesome numbers against Trump's numbers which they will inflate. The whole world will then join the push. #TrumpRocks  …
Opinion: He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on Virus  …
Wow. With everyone on lockdown, this is what the Sun from Malaysia looks like now. The Earth is healing, we are the virus. 
Interesting FACT coVid has V in the center of the word V = 22 2020 = 22 Why the Virus is taking center stage like the V in the middle V is used to RECEIVE energy to impact the world Now you know why a Virus always have an impact ELITE KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING
We know now that having hundreds or thousands of kids inside a school building would cause the virus to spread exponentially, but that also doesn't erase the fact that the young ppl who will be most impacted by months-long closures are those who are already struggling the most.
A new study shows that aerosol transmission can travel up to 13 ft, which is twice the generally accepted safe distance. There's a few other takeaways including further evidence of virus on the soles of shoes.  …
Come on bro one virus at a time
Just found out that since the bars are closed, my septuagenarian uncle has been hosting weekly booze parties for his friends because Rush Limbaugh says the virus is a hoax.
Never thought there would be a day I go on twitter and see people fighting over getting FREE money... what in the corona virus is going on here
"Gov. Ron DeSantis, a Republican, has blamed travelers from New York, Europe & other places for seeding the virus in the state. But the reverse was also true: People got sick in Florida & took the infection back home." Via @PatriciaMazzei 
TO ALL THE SUBURBANITES WHO VOTED FOR THIS STALINIST BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT HE WAS MODERATE, THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A MODERATE DEM, SEE ALINSKY RULES. NOW YOU ARE LOSING BUSINESSES AND JOBS BECAUSE DEMS WANT SOCIALISM BY CHINA VIRUS.
Poverty is a Virus 
California had a very bad flu season, hasn’t had much coronavirus spread. Is it possible the flu was coronavirus? If that was true state already has begun herd immunity because virus spread started back in December.  …
If the unidentified private function that spread the virus in Auckland really was an orgy, that would be a real clusterfuck.
Act like you will get the virus beloveds and boost your immune system and stay calm ..
. @billmaher destroys the media narrative that it's racist to refer to the Chinese virus or Wuhan virus (terms many in the media used with regularity until President Trump started doing so). 
 says virus-struck aircraft carrier crew 'struggling' after captain's firing The carrier crew was "struggling in the wake of losing their CO and their perception of the lack of activity regarding fighting the virus," Merz said.  …
ah....discourse is returning to the wild...nature is healing....we are the virus
Thank you to @RealSway for having me on. We not letting a virus stop us we spreading nothing but love to the world 
China went from blaming America to blaming Africa for the Wuhan Virus. I remember those of you that expected Trump to fold his hands and let them blame America. See what they are doing to Africans now. Shey you see.
My dad made a corona virus face mask with a Coca Cola bottle 
Antibiotic to a virus..... AN ANTIBIOTIC TO A VIRUS....... bruh get him out.  …
I think I will start to wash my hands when I react on some tweets here. I  and contact Corona virus via retweet
An absolute failure of presidential leadership: "Throughout January, as Mr. Trump repeatedly played down the seriousness of the virus...White House advisers...identified the threat, sounded alarms and made clear the need for aggressive action."  …
"This [ #COVID19] should bring humility to all countries. The risk to health workers is because of weak health systems. The reason we are not detecting the virus quickly is because of weak health systems. No country is immune." - @DrTedros at @WHO #coronavirus briefing 10 
A chic alpine ski resort became a virus haven while officials dallied 
Yes, yes it will. Louisiana church expecting 2,000 at Easter service despite coronavirus: 'Satan and a virus will not stop us' | TheHill  …
This tweet is working, Sir! The virus is almost gone Sir! One more tweet should do it Sir!
What did you do after the China Virus war daddy? Well son, we took our country back!
Virus knows no border, neither does love. Today, the 2nd batch of China’s donation of medical supplies arrived in #Cyprus. Next week: 3rd batch of China’s donation, including coveralls, masks and test kits. Full details in our press release Link:  
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. Rt! 
Imagine if LeBron said “no homo“ in 2020, that would be bigger news than the virus 
WSJ: China Floods Facebook and Twitter with Chinese Virus Disinformation  …
My friend’s brother died from COVID-19. I’m putting this here because it’s easy to get lost in numbers, generalizations, dates, & (false) dismissals of this virus & its costs. This is close. And it’s real. We’re having a Zoom memorial tonite. What a sentence to have to write.
Ten COVID-19 patients in Osun have been discharged after testing negative twice for the virus.  …
These people are heroes. They are working their asses off. They do not steal jobs. They should be praised. And they have no masks and they could get the virus. Without them how much food would get to our tables. NOT MUCH AT ALL.
Forensic dissection of HMG  from @campbellclaret. The underlying reality is that the Cabinet was selected on one criterion only: unquestioning Brexit loyalty. Competence didn't matter, so we now have a Brexit govt for the coronavirus crisis, and it's not up to the  …
Have you noticed since the corona virus break you’ve been remembering your dreams ?
So when a powerful state is engaging in overtly racist "virus containment," what is the @WHO's  …
Who says we’re paying it back, slow Joe? They broke the deal when they unleashed Wuhan virus on us. FUK CHINA.
John Horton Conway, British mathematician (born 26 December 1937 - 11 April 2020) I heard of him because of his recreational mathematics invention Conway's Game of Life. He died because of the virus.  …
91 new cases of “reactivated” virus now in South Korea. The prospect of people being re-infected with the virus is of international concern maybe dashing hopes that infected populations will develop sufficient immunity to prevent a resurgence.  …
Op who made that post is also supports putting kids in cages, called covid 19 the wuhan virus, follows jordan petterson.  …
Police State Tyrants are letting ACTUAL CRIMINALS out of prison in droves BUT Are attacking people -running on beaches -driving alone in cars, not -wearing masks that don’t prevent virus from passing through -going to church I’d rather die of #WuhanChinaVirus than  …
I think we should rename Covid-19 the Black Virus or the Immigrant Virus. Sure, that would be racist, but there's no better way to get Republicans to fear the virus and make them stay home.
This is an amazing piece. @annehelen paints a portrait of life in a rural area hit early and hard by the virus, including stories of isolation, economic struggles, the digital divide in education, and some refreshing optimism centered around purpose.  …
#Trump's Favorite Poll Shows His Approval Rating PLUNGING TO LOWEST POINT Of The Year +500,000 infections and +19,000 deaths 56% DISAPPROVE 43% APPROVE (his base) Most red states have not felt the full effects of the virus still #MOG  …
a quick glance at their blog shows they also support calling COVID-19 “wuhan virus/china virus” so maybe consider if you really want to keep following an unrepentant racist just because they sometimes draw sonic the hedgehog  …
10 year old is washing his hands and he starts tangling his fingers... "Here is the church, And here is the steeple, Open the doors... GO HOME IT'S CORONA VIRUS!!!"
One preacher in Florida was briefly arrested after busing people to worship, insisting he could neutralise the virus 
In all EU countries there centralised and private testing labs. The UK has banned all private test labs for "command and control" reasons! As if the UK gov. plans to spread the virus achieve herd immunity at all cost in a way controlled by the gov. only!  …
The media is making a big deal about Trump's virus approval ratings dropping. They want us to assume it's because he hasn't been authoritarian enough. Don't accept that assumption. I disapprove of his virus response because it's too authoritarian. I'm sure I'm not the only one.
Girls I follow on social media: I’m taking this virus very seriously and you should too! Also them: but I need to have my hair guy, my nail person, and my wax  over every week.
US deaths nearing 20k, Italy and Spain same. These are places with good healthcare and well observed social distancing. Our people need to stop thinking that justifying crowding by blaming government for this or that shortage will impress this virus. Please, stay home, stay alive
I'm a #newstarterfurlough victim and I've caught coronavirus. I can tell you that the economic fallout from this is going to dwarf the damage of the virus. There have already been articles and experts saying that many more will die from the recession than the virus.
All 3 Tik Tok users have now been arrested by Nashik Rural Police. These 3 men made a Tik Tok video in which they said,  to India coronavirus. This virus is NRC of our God." 
Throughout January, as Mr. Trump repeatedly played down the seriousness of the virus and focused on other issues, an array of figures inside his government (..) identified the threat, sounded alarms and made clear the need for aggressive action.  …
Talking to my 94yo grandma–– : "Are there any good looking Germans over there?" : “There’s a virus, grandma, we can't go out!” : “So you can not kiss anybody?” : “No!!” : “Well, maybe you should anyway!”
Here in Michigan our governor @GovWhitmer says buying vegetable seeds will spread the virus but buying state Lotto tickets won’t.
If virus in China on Dec 1 ... 100s passengers per flight x dozens flights per day to SeaTac/PDX/SFO/LAX x 60-90 day window x asymptomatic period x spread = hope for herd immunity  …
Me: I think it’s cool that there’s a possibility that next week the Texas Governor will lift restrictions and allow businesses to decide if they want to be open or not. Randos on Twitter: I hope you get corona virus and fight for your life on a ventilator.
Who were the 'people' who told you to ride the virus like a cowboy? Now that the death toll has risen to almost 20K, there are millions of people who would like to know who your adviser was.  …
My dad was in the hospital Twenty Two days fighting the awful virus. Today, I organized a safe  Home parade for him. My best friend made this sign for the #1 @IUHoosiers @IndianaMBB fan! BEST Easter ever to have my dad back HOME!!! 
I just hope this Corona Virus situation ends soon to be honest. It’s very depressive...
Is there a reason why we are burying people with a virus and not having them cremated! The virus is still there if it’s buried
so th fastest way to pass a virus or bacteria is through food preparation. so how you outside picking up yah take out food with a mask and gloves on.. (but th ppl making yah food not masked up) I cant make this stoopid ish up!!
The “what do we call the virus” is an fetish issue for wealthy liberals who find the most appalling appalling thing about Trump how vulgar he is, but generally don’t care about protecting the working class and the poor. It’s “Yasss Kween” virtue politics. And it always loses.
I personally think people in these streets are angry because of this virus pandemic and shit if you slip and say something outlandish, they will just roast you and take out their anger on you and convince themselves that you are the worst piece of shit in these streets. 
With social distancing, California’s virus forecast brightens  …
Alright enough of Remembrance of Things past. Lockdown is ruining my bedtime. With another blank day ahead sleeping & waking lose meaning. But we can’t let the virus get our mind even before the body. So good night !
In a meeting, an Epidemiologist explained this: This virus has many strains Just like dengue which had 4 strains.. 2 were deadly and other 2 were not. Same could be the case here.  …
You can’t spell virus without U and I.
They fail to remember Nancy was passing out impeachment pens when Trump formed the corona virus task force. Ahhhh... the sheeple.... gotta love em’
I am happy to inform you today that 10 of the 17 patients have tested negative twice for the virus in line with the National Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, and will soon be released to join their families and live their normal lives. @GboyegaOyetolaI. 
We've been in quarentine for about a month and people have already admitted to being chronic, mass shoplifters and that lilo is the most problematic disney character. This virus has really done everything in its power
New virus called Cowrona urine damages neurons and you go too low with your shit brain.Everything in your shit piece of land is Bollywood inspired .  …
Trump never fired the pandemic team. China tried to hide the virus and silenced the doctor that said the disease would be horrific. I wouldn’t expect any president  out and say “everyone this disease is going to kill us all” but yeah keep believing everyone else.
TMZ EXCLUSIVE- Frog Mama, who insisted she has handled 'general Tso's virus' very well until now, is escorted out of local grocery store after... creating a disturbance... upon seeing "a jar of pickles is $5 now?! Thanks CHINA!" 
Government attempts to stop coronavirus by  worship of deity who created virus  …
Even as the Chief Medical Health Officer confirms continued declining case numbers with just four new cases reported today, this sad news is a clear reminder that COVID-19 is a deadly virus. We all have a responsibility to protect one another by reducing the spread  …
Kansas COVID-19 numbers these past 24 hours: 102 new cases (4-5 per hour), 5 new deaths (1 every 4-6 hours). Out of every 50 people you see, five will be shedding the virus. This weekend, worship at home - God knows where we live!
Hydroxy Chloroquine (HCQ) is not a vaccine. It cannot save you from COVID-19 infection. It can probably save many lives among the virus infected patients. More and more studies  out showing that it could be effective. Not 100% medically proven yet.
RIP GARETH How dare you blame the Home Secretary, Priti Patel, for Gareth's tragic death as she works 24/7 trying to save lives. How about blaming the real culprits like China, The WHO, Covid19 & every idiot who is out today spreading the virus to the next Gareth. Shameful. 
We must do better. We must continually step up our game to defeat this virus. Out of this tragedy, perhaps we can put aside our petty differences and  together to rediscover the many ideals we agree on to unite as a country. That is my vision for all of us.  …
Disney World is furloughing 43,000 more workers due to virus  …
Out of sight, tens of thousands of seagoing mariners also are dealing with the effects of the #virus, from shutdown transportation systems to restrictions on when they can get on or off their ships  …
No virus, no government, no piece of paper will stop us from worshiping. 
#Covid19 | A new study has found the virus can travel up to 13 feet (four meters) -- twice the distance current guidelines say people should leave between themselves in public.  …
NOT OK: “People are going to work sick with this virus because they can’t afford to stay home.” #MedicareForAll #Coronavirus  …
This is a kind of venom of hatred spread by far right Hindutva supprters & India Media. How fanatics & illiterate these ppl could be that a virus born in China,spread around d world,killing thousands of ppl & now they're blaming Muslims for this pandemic. 
I can help since I spoke MAGA in my former life. Trump is calling the virus a germ and germs can adapt and be immune to antibiotics. In other words, yes he really is this stupid and will get more people killed as long as he keeps giving Americans medical advice.  …
ChiCom Virus Apologists said what...  …
BREAKING: Ten #COVID19 Patients In Osun Discharged | Sahara Reporters @GboyegaOyetola while speaking with journalists on Saturday said the patients were discharged having recovered fully and tested negative twice to the virus. READ MORE:  
It is essential to contain the virus spread with effective measures, but we can’t forget that each month of lockdown means millions of unemployed and thousands of business closures. 
The idea that this virus is an equal-opportunity killer must itself be killed. Black people are being disproportionately impacted by this virus in devastating ways. Social distancing is a privilege, plain and simple. @ctznwell 
When this virus is all over, I still want some of you to stay away from me
Weird since he inherited a good economy and then due to his failed response to a virus, tanked it. I think its time for a real president. America is tired of this bankrupt game show host. #Biden2020
Corona virus can spread between people interacting in close proximity while talking, coughing and sneezing even if those people are not exhibiting symptoms. Hence, its important wear a mask or cover your nose and mouth with cloth to prevent virus transmission. 
1. Calling it "the Chinese virus" is racist — it already has a name. 2. Bill's larger point is right.  …
“These final days of Feb. illustrated Trump’s inability or unwillingness to absorb  at him. He instead reverted to his traditional political playbook in the midst of a public health calamity, squandering vital time as the virus spread silently across the country.”
Even in Japan, Chinese purchases of masks are terrible. Bring everything in line early in the morning. they haven't received enough support masks from Japan. And sell it to the Japanese at a high price. It seems that Chinese virus is not only corona. 
Donald Trump has tested positive — for the BS virus 
This unrest in Ogun state and Abule Egba axis is really getting out of hand! Imagine been on lockdown due to Corona virus, then being hungry cos you can't go out to hustle & again being attacked by Armed Robbers!!! #OgunUnrest
I am sure that Corona Virus positive patients aren’t being kept in centrally air conditioned hospitals/ facilities. Can be dangerous for others.
Dear State Governors, What plan do you have on ground for if this virus blows out of hand? Does your state have enough testing facilities, isolation centres and health facilities yet? Or are you just counting donated amounts? Can we please start planning? Concerned Citizen
Scotland, Wales and NI are  deaths in their stats. Westminster isn’t including them in England stats. Feel it for the families of those whose deaths are not being counted or even acknowledged as dying from this brutal virus.
#China The people in #Guangzhou are drinking from the next floor, as if they were Wuhan...because there is no virus in Guangzhou either. 
With US Corona virus death toll hitting 20,000 by far the largest for a population of 400m people, can only mean that the reported death toll of 3000 in China - a country of 1.5 Billion people & epicentre of the virus- is a pure Communist Fabrication and Coverup.
“Maybe we’re the virus” said the person who sleeps on a futon.
Dear @KNSMOH, @GovUmarGanduje More than anytime, the Kano state rapid response team should swing into action & a social distancing should be established in the state, as a matter of urgency. We can't risk the spread of this virus in Kano. #Covid_19
Today has been the saddest of my 36 yr police career. So many of us are heartbroken after the death of a friend, colleague and giant of a man, who has been taken by this wicked virus.
We keep hearing from the experts that men are dying more than women from this virus. Interesting, isn't it? They are referring to males and females that are born this way, two sexes, the way God intended it to be. Reality is exposed in times of crisis.
Here’s more pics of babies with masks to shield from the virus 
This is a blistering account of how Trump botched the virus response. In fact, it wasn’t just a failure — it was more like criminally negligent homicide.  …
Who else is irritated by the press seemingly delighting in headlines such as “record number of deaths” and “US overtakes Italy in death tally”? It’s not  for goodness sake. The press need to take a far more measured approach to their reporting of the virus
Drop everything and go watch this right now... Bill Maher nails the lunacy of the left saying it's racist to call it China Virus.  …
Nets fans be like “I hate this virus” Which one? 
Cloth masks are easy and not expensive to make, reusable and help reduce the transmission of COVID-19 by acting like a shield to contain the respiratory droplets through which the virus spreads #COVID19
China Sends Virus to World Pakstan Sends T3RR0R!$T to World But Our #India Sends Medicines to World EAST OR WEST INDIA IS THE BEST Proud of my country #IndiaLovesModi #SaturdayMotivation #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #Lockdownextention 
55555 good meme!! we Hong Kong ppl stand with you! No worries #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #China #HongKong #StandwithBright #nnevvy
Lost a homie today, real solid. This virus on shit & if history repeats we got more 
Remember, whilst much of the world is concerned about losing loved ones to the virus, transphobes are gleefully celebrating the idea that it might kill more trans women, based on their own assumptions rather than any factual basis and in  lack of anything resembling
If we all use our 11:11 wish on this virus maybe it’ll go away
"The media is the real virus: catch it bin it, sack it!" So say all of us. Fake news BBC showed that mass burial picture from Long Island again this evening, the one where over one million unclaimed citizens have been buried over the years: disgraceful manipulative fakery.  …
He may be a racist, misogynist, rapist, pedophile, pathological liar, malignant narcissist, lifetime criminal, corrupt politician, damn traitor, and willful mass murderer, but behind Trump’s failure on the virus it’s important to remember he is also the dumbest person alive.
The benefit of everyone wearing a mask is to reduce the amount of #COVID19 and influenza virus droplets bring coughed out by those with the infection #CoronaVirusSA 
That first night out after corona virus (I spent all day making this) 
this man was one of the first celebrities to donate & raise awareness about the virus back in february when all of you were making jokes and not taking it seriously. he’s also continued to donate money & meals to disadvantaged people but y’all are mad over THIS? get off his dick.  …
Hundreds of U.S. Meat Workers Have Now Tested Positive for Virus  …
Spanish military fighting against a virus as if they were living in the twelfth century 
Just like everyone wouldn't want to die young, so do I. When the virus started spreading in my area, I started going to work in panic. What did I do to avoid the virus? The first thing I did was to get ABK Natural Honey, ABK Oven-dried Fish and also take the necessary 
How’s your ratings? You’re fighting a brilliant, invisible virus. Nothing’s more important than beating the ratings on The Bachelor. 
We out number them . We will take back our world if we stand up and unite. We cannot let them dictate how we live. We know that the facts around this virus is a lie. We know the virus does exist ,but We know that they are trying to use this as a control measure. Wake up world.
If your pastor insists that you NEED to be in church on Sunday despite the virus, he's counting on you to bring your wallet.
It was happening before the virus, now it will be in overdrive.
Remember what I’ve taught you. Fear shuts the brain down.... fear of a virus has had turned many into morons.
PHOTO | “Capitalism is the virus.” Seen in New Orleans 
Yea, we'd be seeing her bow down to China right now and probably be blaming the virus on a youtube video.
Instead, the defeat of the virus in our country will be in our hands, alone. We cannot wait for others. We can only depend on ourselves now. And so we must - and we will - end this outbreak ourselves, as Nigerians, together.
But at this darkest hour, it remains our duty to offer you the full and unvarnished truth: This is a global pandemic. 210 countries and territories across the globe are affected. We cannot expect others  to our assistance. No one  to defeat this virus for us.
13 yrs ago we proposed that the lethality of the 1918 virus is due to an attenuated innate immune response + severe & persistent cytokine response; the best treatment for alike viruses would be  an antiviral with existing anti-inflammatory drugs  …
@VidyaKrishnan This is what Mamata Banerjee said at her presser on April 11 : “Let me remind you all, we are fighting the Coronavirus. It is not  virus. It is a virus against humanity”
Someone just asked why I'm using a nose mask in the night, I asked her if the virus sleeps at night.
Northwick Park Dialysis Heroes working in harmony with Medical Heroes on the wards. Delivering amazing dialysis and saving lives in spite of the virus. Our hearts go out to you never tire! @LNWH_NHS @Imperialpeople @janefisherevans @kidneydoc101 @dspcx @frank_dor 
20,000 coronavirus deaths in the US. Just about a month ago, many in that country were still saying they weren’t worried about the virus...  …
KINDLY READ TILL THE END BEFORE YOU REPLY. THIS STORY WAS WRITTEN BY BEE JONES. NOT ME. I AM NOT IN ICU. I'VE NOT GOTTEN THE VIRUS (yet)
Trump’s insanity is on full display. Everything is PERSONAL. This is a THINKING virus. The virus is SMART. He is paranoid. Trump has personified the virus that is his enemy. He is trying to vilify it the way he does all his other enemies. Is  for HIM? RESIGN
This @latimes piece reports that CV might have reached California by December and 8% of patients who visited an urgent care center in mid-March had CV and didn’t know it; more evidence that the virus has spread far wider (and is thus much less dangerous) than early estimates. 
For those with a problem with Modi, pls check world news. It's bcoz of the mishandling of Corona situation that the virus has killed lakhs of ppl in Europe. An early travel ban, lockdown  spread stage are just some of the excellent measures this govt has taken
"The virus was ALREADY here and spreading fast."  …
Read this. Think about it when trump tries to convince America that the virus is spreading because it's smart. It's spreading because he's stupid.  …
This is BS and pure EVIL! This is supposed to be a FREE Country! Apple and Google to adapt phones for virus infection tracking  via @MailOnline
The Kansas Supreme Court are currently hearing oral arguments on ZOOM about whether or not they should allow people to congregate on Easter. Yes, it’s as stupid as it sounds. The GOP are a virus. 
Can he see the virus from up there??  …
JUST IN: 10 out of 17 Corona Virus patients in Osun State have recovered.
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus 
The freedoms we ask you to willingly forsake today will only last as long as our scientific advisers declare they are necessary. But they are essential - world over - to halt and defeat the spread of this virus.
The Zone of Alienation is on fire. Radiation levels remain okay, but the parking-lot "graves” are worrisome, said the Exclusion Zone Management Agency. It’s lucky that a virus quarantine was already in place. Also, every word I just tweeted is real.  …
People wey talk say 5G dey cause virus, what do you expect?  …
During this crisis people have been arrested for: - Going to church - Playing with their own kids - Being in their own yard - Paddle boarding - Not wearing a mask - Jogging on a beach Perhaps the biggest victory for China during China Virus has been the world turning into China
The Army-backed Health Ministry and States are leading the virus battle, isolating Jair Bolsonaro 
I’m going to say it and idc what anyone says. Y’all going to bonfires as if this is a big break and not a whole pandemic going on???? Y’all might think you’re immune but go ahead and risk spreading a virus to your loved ones and friends.
The Corona Virus prophecy fulfillment is a warning to this generation that we should prepare because after The Church is taken in the Rapture, what  will make Corona Virus seem like nothing. Prepare now and avoid that time. 
Follow Trump's example: Stay at home and dodge the virus like you're Trump dodging questions at a press conference. Wash your hands like you're Trump washing your hands of responsibility. Don't touch your face like you're worried about messing up your spray tan.
Birthday in times of Corona virus. Niveer turns 10. To us, he is the whole world. May he grow up to be a wonderfully humble human being. 
Exclusive:  says virus-struck aircraft carrier crew 'struggling' after captain's firing  …
"A cynic in me says Paul Pogba could have prevented corona virus, instead what does he do? Posting videos ball juggling! I must say I find that unacceptable, unacceptable behavior " Grame Souness 
What if we just gave these loons three or four states, sealed off the borders, and let them test their theory that the virus isn't a big deal?  …
"All of a sudden" the pandemic hit. You were warned in January. You did nothing, except for downplay the virus. Your inaction then cost Americans their lives and their jobs.  …
A couple weeks ago I participated in a lovely TMNT collab with some awesome artists who deserve fame and glory, Domonkos Erhardt, Fran Pérez Lobato and Vlad Legostaev. The virus has temporarily put most of us out of our jobs but at least we get to draw for fun for a while. 
The sooner that we get back to business the quicker the economy will recover, as well as people are starting to have real mental health issues that far outweigh the virus.
What the actual living hell?? I’ve lived with domestic abuse, I’ve been battered, punched, kicked, pushed & called obscene names. I was trapped, well before the virus. How the bloody hell would a picture in a window “to tell me I wasn’t forgotten” have helped?  …
Bat virus? Bioweapon? What the science says about Covid-19 origins  … via @scmpnews
Kerala considering genome sequencing and molecular studies of SARS-CoV-02 virus in affected populations across the State. May include experts from CSIR- Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology. #Covid19 
imagine if you hadn't wasted 7 weeks cheating at golf and misleading America about the virus. imagine the lives saved. image the businesses saved. imagine if our president knew how to properly apply his fluorescent tangerine makeup. or maybe those raccoon eyes are on purpose
Ever had the feeling... You're being lied to?... Corona Virus?? My ar*e! 
Fuck you. You didn’t give a fuck or react fast enough when you were advised to. This is the Trump virus and you are an asshole.
OPEN UP THE ECONOMY MR PRESIDENT! WE CANT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE VIRUS
What kind of sick behavior is this licking ice cream #SaturdayMorning #coronavirus #StayHome #StayAtHome #Covid_19 #Corona #Quarantine #virus #trump #Trending 
Guess what, Canada closed all travel from China in April, The US. was way ahead of the canucks curve, flights from China were  in even though Trudeaus wife was sick with the virus. Lame
I agree. Let's remember China was in the middle of mass protests before the virus 'broke' out
If you are a hairstylist or nail technician PLEASE DO NOT HONOR ANY OF YOUR CLIENTS BEGGING FOR HOUSE CALLS! They don't give a damn about you or themselves knowing that people are dropping like flies from this virus.
Have a Mini-filia since I can’t post any progress right now due to the virus that shall not be named. 
i'll be hopping to all 4, fuck a virus. 
I see how a tiny virus has disturbed the world? And Ive never felt the presence of the saviour in my life? My dear saviour; where are you? #JesusChrist 
We are going to have to be extraordinarily vigilant; even with a good design, the potential for abuse of this new system is massive, and the most vulnerable will be at risk from surveillance in a way far more insidious & less obvious than the direct thread of the virus.
The LORD is using Corona Virus to sturnly warn this generation to Repent! Receive Jesus! Be born again! Prepare for the rapture and get out here. Ahead here is going to bad. #NeedForGlobalRepentance The LORD has now arisen to fight against the global satanic revival 
Take your fake faith and shove it, Rafael. You and your “look at me! I’m at church!!” evangelical asshöles are going to spread this virus even more than you do your hate, and get people killed. 
Agree with you 100% MSM needs to be given a government warning. Pull together and fight the virus as one Nation Be positive raise spirits or else we will shut you all down permanently
Bill Maher says Coronavirus Should Be Called ‘Chinese Virus' and “We Should Blame China'. Some of his fav guests agree w/his latest racist take. 
Just when I thought @CNN and @MSNBC were easing up on broadcasting the #Trumpshitshow, or daily campaign rally guised as a virus update, they switched gears and apparently broadcast a full load of Trump yesterday. I'm still boycotting the #Trumpshitshow.. I hope you are too..
Sinn Fein have been in the  constantly that not enough has been done to stop this virus. Yet when help from the army is asked for the help isn’t needed in their opinion.
I'm getting tired of #antivaxxers flip-flopping on whether or not herd immunity is real. And them flip-flopping on COVID being a hoax, a plandemic, a masterminded virus, or some weird side effect of 5G.
Let one of them bring the virus home to their mama or their kid. Then gonna be crying “why God” when someone pass. All cause they wanna stand around and look stupid.  …
These people are the Trump supporting type, and because Trump and conservative media originally down played the virus, they are not taking it seriously, in fact many are saying that the numbers of those who are contaminated by the virus or who have died, are fake.
Can't believe I just had a blowout with a friend (probably former now) about not giving up our rights for this virus. He honestly believes we're stupid idiots for sticking to our constitution. Really? Don't need friends like that. Period!!!
COVID-19 is the virus that is infecting Ados but it is racism that is the cause for Ados deaths! They are not treating patients with the same care that they are other races they are sending them home not giving them proper diagnosis etc..there I said it and stand by every word
Virus-Panicked Liberal Gun Buyers Are Getting Angry When They Discover Their Own Gun Control Laws  …
what is the alternative? literally everyone gets the virus, the pandemic lasts years, many people even get it twice or three times, it wipes out a large chunk of the population and  on here to tweet “cultural reset ” if you survive?  …
@LasgoOfficial is not ready to fight/curb this virus. It’ll continue to spread until we as citizens are ready to end the spread. I just told someone today, we might have more than 100,000 carriers in Lagos alone. @NCDCgov @PoliceNG @jidesanwoolu Bikes doing bizness as usual.
Claiming hard girl hard girl but just one ordinary kiss on your neck you start breathing like CORONA virus patient. Nonsense
homophobia is worse than corona virus
Antibiotic... Virus... The Very stable genius Good Luck America  …
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is blaming 17 million Americans losing their jobs on capitalism. How did capitalism cause this pandemic, @AOC? The government forced businesses to shut down and  in China repeatedly lied about the virus!
ATTENTION! _________________ The Message behind The Corona virus is the #NeedForGlobalRepentance for The Messiah  If the LORD intended to warn you using corona virus and He eventually succeeded; Repent Ye Nations.
RIP Elberto Rico, a young Filipino NHS Porter from Oxford who has been cruelly taken by Coronavirus. He  the 34th taken by this virus. His best friend Oscar, he too an NHS Porter at the same hospital, also passed away. Details in a bit. Unspeakable sadness. God bless. 
It’s not stupid. He’s just  out and saying what’s really going on. He keeps referring to the virus as brilliant and genius bc it’s AI. Antibiotics won’t work on something that’s caused by weaponized electromagnetic energy. Hidden = radio/emf waves  …
I’ve seen a few posts about this EID article. Note few significant limitations: - They looked for viral RNA, not live virus - We still don’t know what the infectious dose for #SARSCoV2 is, and the study did not quantify the amount in positive  …
Nature is healing, we are the virus 
Only a crazy person would submit to their vaccine. Reject it. This is their Virus-Vaccine game that we're not playing.  …
Well, 2 trillion big ones were pumped into the market again. It would be expected. Also, numbers are showing this virus isn't as bad as once thought. I'd be MUCH more worried about the European markets. They are in big big big trouble.
@BoDietl we have intelligence reports that China engineered ‘this virus from the Bat, but made it the most contagious. The Chinese pres. knew on Jan 25 the Chinese New Year about the virus then let 5 mm people leave to infect the world @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
This virus hasn't killed nowhere near what the COMMON FLU kills, each year! If millions die from starvation, then WHAT WAS THE POINT? People need money for food, shelter, and basic living. We are going to end up in a point of no return.
Y’all really talk shit and judge everyone, if someone is excited about the stimulus check..let them be...people lost they jobs over this virus and you also don’t know what they been through before this so maybe they savings is low...SHUTUP...
My wee gran now has the virus and more than likely won't make it through the night my heart is breaking into a million pieces
I participated in nationwide planning sessions & reviewing people serving crack sentences for early release while at DOJ. @RachelBarkow is correct in saying we can move people out of jails & prison & help stop the spread of the virus without impacting public safety.  …
No need for satan. The virus will be enough.  …
Before the coronavirus pandemic, there were about 5,000 people in New York’s prisons and jails for parole violations. As the virus began to spread, they, along with every other incarcerated individual, found themselves in mortal peril. 
Many of my friends have had their lives turned upside down by the corona virus. Each lost his job. None had the virus.
Please, for the love of everything that is human, do not vote this jackass for another 4 years in office. antibiotics work against BACTERIA COVID-19 is a VIRUS  …
is a car accident a widespread and contagious virus that can affect millions of people in over a hundred countries at the same time??  
Commendable action by Ghana’s Minister responsible for Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration. The virus is the real enemy not any group of people - not Africans, not the Chinese. We can only win the war against COVID-19 in unity & with genuine solidarity. 
COVID-19 UPDATE: The State Government of Osun has discharged 10 of the 17 confirmed cases of returnees from Ivory Coast, after testing negative twice to the virus. The remaining 7 patients are responding to treatment and shall, by the grace of God be discharged soon.
This story confirms what we’ve always known: Donald Trump ignored & lied about the virus because he only cares about himself, and the people around Trump only cared about protecting Trump’s fragile ego, not protecting the American people.  …
It only took 2 months of us sitting in the house for the planet to start healing. Imagine if we took 2-3month breaks like this every year. The world would drastically heal. It’s sad that we’re hiding from a virus when we’re the earths virus...
Most Americans agree with the Donald when he calls Covid-19 "the Chinese" virus. Most Americans also believed : -Saddam had WMD -Sadam was pulling babies out of incubators -Assad was gassing his people -Gaddafi was giving Viagra to soldiers to rape women
Why is this never discussed? Allow those who are at high risk, or live with high risk people, to work from home and the rest of us to continue to live our lives. I have little if any personal risk from this virus and no high risk contacts. Why am I locked up in my home?
Appeal to My Pak brothers& sisters I have my humble appeal to every brothers & sisters to please remain inside your houses . The peak period of Corona virus is at peak .Pl do not allow this deadly virus to make u its Victim - Stay Home Stay Safe Pl advise to others & loved ones
We really should follow the lead of Trump on when to open America after all he was 100% correct when he said on Feb 26 when US only had 15 cases of the virus that soon it would be ZERO. (We now have over 20,000 dead and 520,000 cases) 
BLOCKBUSTER: Buried in today's @nytimes "look back" on Trump's #coronavirus failures, is a devastating revelation: the WH failed to act on early warnings about the virus, because the econ team blocked action against China Mnuchin, Kudlow need to be asked about this ASAP 
While Drs. Fauci and Birx and Democrats from every level of the politisphere continue to tell us we need to remain in self-imposed lockdown—out of work and out of options—WHY is no one addressing these equally troubling issues that are deadlier than the virus?! 
She’s very concerned. Very. Hand wringingly concerned. But she is almost positive the virus has learned its lesson and won’t create another global pandemic.
Anyone else notice how  are on TV now telling us how wonderful it is to be in isolation. How it's up to us to save fellow Canadians from the virus & here I thought it was up to Trudeau & his liberals to save Canadians from the virus.
So ted you want these people to gather together and get the virus and possible death? Other churches have done this &half their congregation got the virus-many died. You can worship God without a building. Technology is available. Maybe you should join them.
At some point, people who are genuinely interested in something beyond political partisanship will have to accept that there is a limiting principle to what governments can impose to stop the spread of a virus. It sounds awful because it is awful. But it's the truth.
Who talks about themselves in the third person like this? Insane narcissists and pyschopaths talk like this. The country is shut down. We have more cases of the virus than any other country by far. 2,000 people a day are dying. Nobody cares about trade deals right now.
Shutting down our economy is a massive experiment. It’s never been done for a virus or anything else and how  out of it is a mystery to all.
This virus is causing a huge amount of cognitive dissonance amongst hard line tories. They firmly ( mistakenly)believe that everyone is the author of their own misfortune.
Even if the virus was as deadly as initially thought - people should not be this willing out of fear to give into their tyrannical government. Banning drive through churches, banning buying seeds and encouraging people to nark on their neighbors etc.
Fuck India. Of course the Indian Doctor raped a pregnant corona virus victim. What else can we expect??? 
Over 500,000 people have Coronavirus in the USA, Over 20,000 people have now died from the virus in the USA- many of them black americans. Also, USA now has more cases and more deaths than any other country in the whole world. More than China, Spain or Italy. This is insane.
Bad part of my brain: You’ve basically done NOTHING today... What have you actually achieved? HUH? Good part of my brain: I’ve *achieved* not spreading a deadly virus. Thank you for asking
The Federal Government has warned health workers against treating patients suspected to be infected with the COVID-19 virus, privately or at their homes. Read more:  …
POLITICO: Government officials went after Infowars’s Alex Jones for selling a toothpaste he claimed could kill coronaviruses and slapped down televangelist Jim Bakker for claiming his products containing silver could kill the virus on contact.  …
My tweets and certainly my replies, OFTEN, only go around when sent as a DM. My impression totals are going nowhere. I think I'm on to something someone doesn't want to get spread around and it ain't a virus
#OPENAMERICANOW Their virus model predictions were WRONG. WAY wrong. And they used their wrong models to whittle our rights. AGAIN Constitution does not say 'except for illness'. Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Religion Let's get back to work. Back to church. Back to being free 
Trump gets intell indicating hundreds of thousands of Americans will die due to a virus and does nothing; Trump gets intell that Biden will defeat him and he mobilizes every cabinet member and even foreign govts to frame up and discredit Biden at any cost. Any questions?
After losing her entire family to COVID-19, the virus deprived Sandy Brown from receiving what she needs most right now, which is a hug. This is her story:  
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus A deeply reported must-read from the @nytimes team that outlines the numerous warnings from within the administration that Trump & some on his team ignored or dismissed for  …
Think about this for a sec: a tiny virus, stopped the entire world in its tracks, defying the Harvards, Stanfords and Oxfords of the world with their brilliant scientists and their billions in funding...>100,000 dead within 2 months and counting. Best advice is a 100 year old! 
I washed my TV Screen with anti-virus wipes. I lost @CBCNews, @CTVNews, @GlobalNews and @CNN
#channel4 wanted home sec to personally apologise for #COVID19 They’re political activists, not journalists. After virus there will be an audit of the public accounts. @Channel4News not fit for purpose.  …
All the COVID-19 confirmed case figures, new and old, are important as they also feed into the modelling and the true picture of the virus here.
He truly is. He’s another Obama. And there are others, like Cuomo, acting like tyrannical dictators. This whole COVID bs mess may well be a dangerous virus but it’s mostly another means to take down Trump. Sure, it won’t work...but we are all suffering as a result. I’ve had it!
This virus cancels everything but my homework
In 1950s #DDT toxicity was not known so it was widely used in the US. Being a neurotoxin, DDT caused many cases of #paralysis of short & long duration. In pre- #vaccine era any case of 24-hours-long paralysis was diagnosed as PARALYTIC #POLIO regardless of polio virus presence. 
"Trump’s response was colored by his suspicion of and disdain for what he viewed as the “Deep State” — the very people...whose expertise and long experience might have guided him more quickly toward steps that would slow the virus, and likely save lives." 
And the Department of Health has warned that Russia have been watching how miserably the US medical system failed in response to virus. Thanks, . @realDonaldTrump -- for once again arming Putin with intel against us. You truly are the worst, most dangerous 'president' ever.
So much finger pointing about what event may of caused spreading of the virus. Let’s be clear during the 2nd week of March everyone was going to work, using all types of transport, the country was open. no one event can be blamed. Time for some to get off their soapboxes
As per Standard @CBCNews protocol they cut away just when @PierrePoilievre gets up and and is asking pointed questions about when the liberals had been giving security briefings about when they knew about the virus in Wuhan.
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus “the president was warned about the potential for a pandemic but that internal divisions, lack of planning and his faith in his own instincts led to a halting response.’  …
gays who call corona virus “miss rona” 
He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus An examination reveals Trump was warned about the potential for a pandemic but that internal divisions, lack of planning and his faith in his own instincts led to a halting response.  …
No. It was just “gotcha” questions by a reporter from Channel 4 that has long demonstrated its innate bias and hatred of the Tories. There have only been 19 (tragic) deaths out of 1m + NHS staff. There is no proof they died because of no PPE or even caught the virus at work.  …
Trump is not going to win re-election for many reasons- one big reason is his horrific handling of the coronavirus as polls show. And if Trump re-opens US too soon and there's a second deadly wave of the virus not only will Trump lose, Dems will easily take Senate #OPENAMERICANOW
TOYOTA VIRUS?!! I’m dying 
The virus? 
Watch: Bill Maher Eviscerates PC Whining Over ‘Chinese Virus’  …
We are the virus  
By the way, the sheer value of this kind of data in terms of aligning people can’t be underestimated. I see folks pasting videos of the quiet exterior of some hospitals to “prove” the virus isn’t a big deal. But if you have a time series of red dots on a map, that’s real. 
Um has anyone suggested simply quarantining the virus *itself* @realDonaldTrump? @JoeBiden? Sincerely asking if this thought  to their brains
It is absolutely clear that we are suffering at the hands of a virus that was exacerbated by political failings. Our democracy is absolutely a public health issue. And trying to create military occupation-style polling places? That ain’t it, folks.  …
This isn't a tradeoff between public safety from crime and public safety from a deadly virus. We can maximize safety in both respects by lowering populations. People can be quarantined upon release for 14 days to make sure they're not carriers. We just need leadership. /end
I just put mass on TV for my nan and as I was leaving the room after she asks why don’t I stay and watch. So I said ah I’ll leave it off to which she replies “it’s no wonder we’ve this virus”
He doesn't. States will file lawsuits while continuing sensible precautions. The suits will go on past the 3rd wave of the virus. Lawyers will get rich. The states will drop the suits once the virus has passed and Trump will find a way to turn it into a personal victory.
Also, many people are attacking Chinese about 'Wuhan' virus. I think this is wrong. I know if possible, China also don't want this to happen. But some people will not agree, and you just have to accept that not everyone will agree. I hope you & your families are safe 照顾好自己
New Jersey and New York are getting hit hard by the virus. Sad but that's how it shaking out. It does not change the fact that both state were miserable failures caused by Democrats. Morally bankrupt and fiscally destroyed. Far Beyond unsustainable No bailouts.
Ok. Wuhan virus was already a name. You want us add more emphasis on the country as a whole?
You can’t fight the virus when you’re the virus.
On which topic... this by @LawDavF for @NewStatesman today is well worth reading on why, despite certain parallels between the virus and war, leaders are better off avoiding the language of conflict to describe the current crisis:  …
Good day, Professor Houston I read recently about two ultra-fast virus-testing machines being donated by your unit to Public Health England. Can you tell me why these machines were not donated to NHS Scotland? Also, are being placed in new UKgov rapid-testing centre in Aberdeen?
"When they get tested positive for Chinese Virus, they are doing all types of naughty things. They are not co-operating with doctors. They are getting close to everybody. They are doing that in shops too. I request them to stop all this" Narayana Swamy, Dy-CM of Andhra Pradesh. 
To me, this is powerful b/c it puts faces to the massive loss from COVID... shows the cont. love in a couple’s worst state... is a frightening reminder of how quickly the virus can spread in sr living facilities... depicts the care from nurses, who took the pics for family to see
We have a big job ahead of us, after corona virus we need to unite Africa, share the same dream and move together until we make Africa great. It is possible. Through working and trading within ourselves, we can build the strongest economy world has never experienced.
Just to be clear, if the Jain monks gathering results in super-spread of the virus, I'd be OK with anyone calling it Jainona Virus Event. No fkng sugar coating needed. And no Jains will be out there spitting or throwing stones at doctors.
The #COVID19 crisis is exacerbating gender-based inequalities around the world. is investing in the health and safety of women and girls internationally as part of our $159M contribution to the fight against the virus, including $1.5M to  …
This clip of Trump on Feb 28 the night before first American died from coronavirus where he calls the virus threat the Democrats "new hoax," slams media for "hysteria" and pats himself on the back for a job well done will be cited by historians as Exhibit A of 
Coronavirus fraud has already cost consumers $12 million, and government officials worry it could damage efforts to contain the virus  …
A ten month old baby which was infected with the Corona virus near Mangalore has recovered and is fine. A lovely bit of news on the eve of Easter Sunday!
Left wing propagandists are busy devising scenarios to discredit Trump over the Corona virus. Better for them might be to fight the virus that infects them & causes their brains to malfunction. Viruses feed on certain foods; their virus feeds on hatred, contempt & irrationality.
A key early moment in the fight against coronavirus came when researchers published the genetic sequence of the virus—crucial information needed to craft a vaccine 
