“Some people are saying this might be a cure who knows? Could be a great cure, the best cure we’ve ever seen what do you have lose? Just set yourself on fire, that does beautiful things to the virus. Some people say it’s not safe but also maybe it works no one knows. Light up!”
Thanks to everybody who followed this thread. It's been nice to concentrate on something that isn't this damned virus. We will beat this. It's going to take time but it's going to happen. Love you guys  …
. @ScottGottliebMD has had his finger on the pulse of this virus from the very beginning. Please listen to his advice. Too many governors have either ignored his suggestions or waited too long to get on board with them.
My sister tested positive for that stupid virus. She's okay but upset about work and other things. Stay the fuck inside yall.
45 proudly declares he would rather watch our service-members die of a horrible virus than admit he was wrong. But please tell me more how taking a knee is offensive to our troops. 
We have to call all of them responsible for letting this virus spread this far and kill so many Americans. You are free to add to the list in  POTUS, Moscow Mitch,Fox News, Lindsey Graham
I hate that this virus is affecting us, our loved ones, our jobs, housing, health, our sense of safety and stability. I want it stopped. I also want to make sure that our terror doesn’t push us to permanently lose important rights.
I miss seeing my lovely Nana this virus needs to go away soon!!! 
You’ve been miserably waiting for 3 years, while everyone had jobs and hope, for this moment? 1. No, it aged fine cause it took a unprecedented virus to destroy his job creation machine. 2. WTF is wrong with you?
I’m gonna kill corona virus man. I could’ve been at Greene turtle in my nba jersey
Since the quarantine, Leprechauns have returned to Ireland. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
The problem with the 5G conspiracy theory to explain COVID 19 is that the virus is spreading in countries that have no 5G. They did not think it through.
"What do u have to lose...take it...but hydroxychlorquine, try it, if u'd like...if u have a heart condition, probly stay away from the Zpak, but that's an antibiotic, it can clean out the lungs &the lungs are a point of attack for this horrible virus" -DT 
No voting by mail + you might close the post office? Is that to make it harder to vote against you? Bc I will crawl over every dead MAGA body that thought this virus was overhyped just to vote your mother fucking ass out. DON’T FUCKING PLAY #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER
Our governor put in an order we all wear masks everywhere. I wore one out today to get groceries for my elderly parents. Maybe 1 out of 10 people had one on. This is why this virus won't stop spreading or be taken seriously. Your health is more important than how you look.
The trouble is, most deaths are being reported as caused by the virus, even when they weren't. My Nan died a few days ago, she was just old (98). Afterwards they said she showed symptoms of covid19, which she did not. But it is now listed as cause on death certificate
My friend's grandfather died of COVID-19 two weeks ago. My aunt now has tested positive for COVID-19 and is in the hospital. Two seniors I get groceries for have elderly family with COVID-19. This virus is serious and everyone needs to take the COVID-19 guidelines seriously.
The china virus timeline of blame #FoxAndFriends #Tcot #Ccot #MediaBuzz #CNNSOTU #COVID2019 #coronavirus #SundayThoughts #KAG2020 
I don't need to hear this right now but we must never forget that sooo many more victims died in The Holocost (6 million). It is disrespectful to their great memories to pretend like this virus is on the same page!!
Jeez I hope they work. Never thought a governor would  China for donations to fight a virus they caused.
Why aren't the reporters at press briefing wearing masks and gloves? If they're so concerned about virus why aren't they setting an example? Plus speakers sharing the Mic? Isn't that unsanitary? Just wondering....
corona virus is caused by vaping
Sis. With all due respect. You are wrong. The virus is extremely contagious vs other viruses, spreads quickly&the time of onset is variable. I spend 12 hour shifts multiple times a week treating corona patients. This is not a small thing. The measures being taken are not for play
She's also "so worried" about the crowds out in NYC, but her husband's "news" published an oped on Corona virus parties... He hypocrisy is her defining quality.
Coronavirus is a virus family. SARS-CoV2 is the specific strain that causes Covid19 (disease causing pandemic). Previous coronavirus related diseases are SARS, MERS, and certain colds. Historically, viruses were named after location origin, which had detrimental racial effects.
I’m at  and utter loss to understand how fucking stupid you must be to believe that phone masts are spreading this virus.
Don’t let the Corona Virus distract y’all @INGRucci still ain’t drop Me & My Drugz Pt 2 Yet
watched this little kid lick the shopping cart at work today.. this virus is never gonna end
Of concern is if people don't isolate and the virus cannot be brought under control, the only alternative is to let it run its course and go for herd immunity which would eventually happen but could see an unbelievable number of people lose their lives. Especially the elderly.
To all the assholes who like killing animals for fun, If virus kills you, I’m fine with that.
And the truly but TRULY fucked up thing? I’m between a rock and a hard place. I know the virus is real. I know it’s deadly. I also know the economic impact of the lockdown is hurting a lot of small businesses, even my own family’s. It’s a no win situation for me.
Never let a once in a lifetime virus outbreak crisis work furlough go to waste. I got off my potato couch and finally started and finished my overdue house chores. 
Is this why POTUS chose these two to address this virus for our nation? Keep friends close enemies closer. Follow the $$Someone posted a zoomed in pic of Fauci in lab coat. Name badge had a Y logo, symbolism will be their downfall....
Now all of a sudden rappers who been locked up got the virus f*ck outta here #Agenda at its finest
Come to Palestine when Corona virus pandemic end
Faulty virus tests are clouding China's outreach in Europe: -Slovakia PM says 1.2 million antibody tests are inaccurate -Czech authorities say a third of 300,000 quick tests were defective
History of Corona Virus. In the year 1894 there was a Russian scientist named Povandolakoviviscov kintayionshinkov. Why did you skip the name? I will not continue the story. I can't be dealing with lazy people #CONVID19 #21daysLockdown #StayAtHome
Did you thank them for the virus too? Without the Chinese, you wouldn’t need more ventilators. Was there Shmoozy ass kissing?  …
It’s only a matter of time before they admit this virus is AIRBORNE
The corona virus is a big scam, it was all planned, what is killing people is the 5G network, it has a poisonous radiation that ceases oxygen around. The world is wicked. @realDonaldTrump Please stop 
What in the world??? I dunno even know anyone that knows anyone with it. What I do know for a fact is people are dying of unrelated things to covid & they're marking their deaths as Corona Virus!
I know nobody wants to hear this or believe it but ... start taking 1000 mg of vitamin C every 3 to 4 hours! It will boost your immunity to the virus! As well as therapeutic doses of melatonin ... stay safe and thank you for what you’re doing!  …
My friend's grandfather died of COVID-19 two weeks ago. My aunt now has tested positive for COVID-19 and is in the hospital. Two seniors I get groceries for have elderly family with COVID-19. This virus is serious and everyone needs to take the COVID-19 guidelines seriously.
STOP!!! Whatever you are doing please stop!! PRAY or send your positive vibes. His name is Randy and we need a MIRACLE!!! The next 12 hours are crucial. This virus CANNOT win. Please. 
The virus has taken 8,407 precious lives here and 64,549 worldwide. Other people are dying. Some will die who don't know they're already sick, and we'll lose still others who haven't caught it yet. Please stay as far from other people as you can to save as many lives as possible.
There is close to a 100% chance that if you turned on any news channel in America between 4 and 6pm today hoping to hear news, you would instead be told advice that could kill you and false information that would lead to you spreading a virus that could kill others  …
Where exactly did the Wuhan corona virus start?  …
one thing that would be a crazy resolution to this whole virus thing would be if louis ck was the one who developed a vaccine
@NEJM STUDY: “NO MOMENT MORE CRITICAL THAN NOW TO EXPAND MEDICAID.” -cost us nothing -cover 300,000 -crucial anti-virus tool ALSO: “Hard to imagine a worse policy” than @GovBillLee’s BLOCK GRANT— capping it as MORE need it. (h/t @future901) READ:  
Are you angry that @DrOz thinks the panic about coronavirus is worse than the virus? It is @ABCNetwork that gives him is massive  …
China can no longer hide resurging virus, places county on lockdown  … No one should trust China
Crickets west of blue ridge with Virus (Virginia/WV) I know an  that's dependent on a Hotel (1200 Jobs) that's financially devastated.
I wonder what the daily Trump briefings will be like if and when the virus hits like a hammer those evangelicals who have kept going to mega churches. And what we will hear then from Ingraham, Dobbs, Hannity, Limbaugh and Doctor Drew.
WOW, talk about bad luck. He died twice from the COVID-19 virus.  …
If the COVID-19 Virus DONT take you out, can I? 
going to get is just a shameful display by them. They should be staffing the hospitals fully even if there is nothing for them to do at this particular moment since they will be needed when/if the virus hits  Unless they assume they can quickly call people back
These videos say nothing about the strength or weakness of the virus. They don't confirm that the virus isn't a problem or that there is some grand conspiracy afoot. In fact, during the next month if the plan works, empty hospitals are what we want to see.
..it would cause mass infection rates in patients that don't have the virus. This is why the Mercy and Comfort was sent to NY and CA as alternative hospitals to clear out the other hospitals. So, all these videos of empty hospitals is just confirming that the plan is working.
The way i could've been listening to Babylon 5 days from now if it wasn't for...well...A VIRUS  …
As @ScottGottliebMD said multiple times on our @CNBC special, the virus was on fire and spreading silently while Florida’s beaches were shockingly still open and Spring Breakers were allowed to party as normal. Now, as a result, the race is on to contain it.
as cities empty out, nature blooms. we are the virus 
This virus does not discriminate. Imagine having less humanity than a virus.  …
Washing floors, walls, equipment and pipes/cups desinfect everything to minimize the spread of disease. Ready to receive seed. New start in these uncertain times. Unreal how much impact a virus has @AlbertaPotatoes 
He can stick that right up his arse! I’ll take my chances with the virus.  …
My friend's uncle passed away from  (severe pneumonia) on Thursday. I have not known anybody who has contracted the virus, or died from it, until now. Makes it feel 100x worse and I really, really want to get pass this.
which makes me think that if I *hadn't* done all that crap, and had just slapped together whatever, the virus might not have happened and it would make a big splash and have a bunch of errors that sleuths would uncover and cancel me So, sorry for giving you coronavirus I guess
Ok, enough is enough. He is now pushing a drug that is not proved to be safe by the FDA, nor is it proved to be a cure for The COVID-19 virus. GET HIM OUT, before he kills even more people with this blantant disregard for anyone's safety.
Camp Humphreys the first US military base with the virus, same as in the movie World War Z 
Titanic, April 1912, doomed passengers don tuxedos, evening gowns, orchestra plays as it sinks. Virus, April 2020, quarantined citizens don pajama pants, no Fs given, Netflix plays Tiger King as quarantined drunk citizens sink into a couch. 
is ironman gonna weaponize the virus and sell it to the highest bidder? give control of it to a teenager? just asking for clarification.  …
“Considering how aggressive we have been, this points to how insidious this virus is; we are fighting an invisible enemy.” Over ½ of the residents at a #Massachusetts #NursingHome tested positive for the #CCPVirus despite showing no  …
Iceland has tested almost all their citizens Their numbers are be  AND the most realistic look at the virus
Paolo Dybala And His Girlfriend Test positive for the corona virus fornthe second time,this after a negative test that came after the first one which was positive,make of that what you will #GetWellSoonDybalas
China lied about how many infected, how many died ( huge numbers ). along with how easily this virus spreads...oh and because their citizens eat bats 10's of thousands are dead.. they continue lie and cover up deaths and data... this is their Government not the average citizen
My hilarious JOC sis and @HarvardRLP co-fellow @ShusterNoam was hospitalized with COVID-19 today and still went on instagram live with @enissaamani and @MazJobrani to educate folks about the virus. Wish her a refuah shlemah (full recovery), the world needs her right now!  …
Yes, yes, everything  together as planned. Hillary Clinton along with Saul Alinskiy created a virus to be released in China to prevent people from going to church on Palm Sunday.
the real virus is capitalism and the industrial revolution which is why we dont have enough synthetic polymer fiber mesh mask production
Dr Gottlieb said on our @cnbc special report that @GovRonDeSantis waited too long to shut it down. Now like many other states, Florida is chasing the virus rather than being out front of it.  …
People are acting like the world  to an end. The Flu killed more people than the virus. Stop watching the news.
I maintain the majority of people that believe this crap only did foundation papers at GCSE level. None of them understood physics in school but are telling me it’s 5G making a virus.  …
Hala... Meanwhile— more than 3 hours late for a presscon? More than 3 days breakdown for an implemented lockdown? And about 3 months late to ban flights from virus country of origin?
You do realize the shit you reported is recorded for posterity, right? You even have the chutzpah to leave up articles with you calling the president a xenophobe for his VERY EARLY action regarding the virus. Nearly all msm had this virus at no more serious than the flu. LIAR.  …
. THE BORDER - ILLEGAL CROSSINGS DOWN SIGNIFICANTLY DURING CHINESE VIRUS Illegal Border Crossing Down to ‘Next to Nothing’ – Less Than 150 Apprehensions a Day For Almost a Week . Virus Outbreak VALIDATES Neccesity of Border Security  …
Watch: Acosta Tries Mansplaining Trump's Wuhan Virus Timeline to Dr. Birx, and Trump Wasn't Having Any of It -- via @sistertoldjah -  …
My brother is a specialist. He told me at the beginning of the virus outbreak that this would happen. It's awful. If the top execs don't take a pay cut also then it is truly horrible.
I have a feeling the corona virus totals were being padded. Why does the online registry ask about your  and biological children like I’m hearing about? Why must you have an ID#assigned BEFORE you know IF you’re COVID positive or not? Before you even can get a test?  …
'I killed her because she gave me coronavirus.' Boyfriend killed partner because he believed she infected him with the virus...but both tested negative:  via @DailyMail
Let me tell you... there’s gonna be a lot of drinking to country songs, long work weeks gone, and long lost buddies we ain’t seen when this whole virus is gone
I was raised in a Socialist household & have been writing about this since uni. Now in a groundbreaking editorial, the @FT explains why we desperately need that small s socialism POV to save the world. Virus lays bare the frailty of the social contract  …
Because the early data reveal that this race-blind approach to the fighting virus is BS and deadly. Black people are being disproportionately affected, but people aren’t telling them that. It’s outrageous!   …
I'm shocked at his ignorance at 1:15 when he agrees w/ the idiot who said "besides, it's COVID19, that means there were at least 18 others!" No, that is not how the naming system works. 19 is for the Year, and the virus is SARS-Cov2, the ILLNESS is COVID19. A Dr should know this
Intel reports claim China is covering up the extent of the Chinese virus. I suspect if the military is running our Intel agencies, the director of the organization is Captain Obvious.
Lock downs don't stop the spread of the virus, they slow down the inevitable exposure at best. At this point we should be opening up the economy ,Quarantining the high risk, and beef up Hospitals in case there is an influx of patients.
⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩, Did you also tell Americans this many lives are being lost because you failed? Because you lied, and called the virus a hoax? Because you failed to get testing, and PPE, and ventilators...? Of course you didn’t. But we know. 
Mayor of Miami was tested on March 29th, and declared to be COVID 19 free. On April 3rd he donated Plasma. The RED CROSS Guidelines say that a donor must be free of the virus for at least 14 days. If so, then this is obviously just another part of his PR self-promotion campaign.  
Italy cheers first drop in critical virus patients  
Michael Greger, author of Bird Flu: A Virus of Our Own Hatching, calls factory farming a “perfect storm environment” for infectious diseases. “If you actually want to create global pandemics,” he warns, “then build factory farms.” #fixthefarm  …
Just to shed some positivity around the virus situation , my mom tested positive and today makes day 13. She’s been 2 days in a row with no fever and no symptoms and finally made that jump, thank God!
The EPA is focused on rolling back pollution regulations during coronavirus. Does allowing *more* pollution seem like it would help fight a respiratory virus to you?  …
US President Donald Trump has announced at the White House Corona Virus Taskforce briefing that he has requested PM Modi to release US order of hydroxychloroquine stockpile.  …
...In this pandemic un-insurance could well lead to unnecessary deaths. and people not getting the treatment they need, which leads to the transmission of more and more virus to unsuspecting people...
...but it does not pay for the treatment that people need if they have the virus, and that is to me totally absurd and tragically, what we have already seen, are people who have delayed treatment, due to concerns about costs...
I pray that the good Lord will get us out of this mess. There has to be another way to deal with this virus that doesn't result in  destruction of the World Economy...
@vsa please stop filming. just stop. it's better to have arashi out of my sight BUT safe at home than seeing them play on tv with high risks of contracting a mortal virus. please. stop. don't put your precious hosts' life in danger just for audience rate. #VS嵐
Pathetic. The virus is not spreading in parks with no-one in them. If anywhere it is spreading on the thousands of still full construction sites across the country  …
Fantastic read by @grhutchens Human brain struggles with the concept of exponential growth. Can't fathom how something growing slowly can suddenly explode. Why we've got so many #coronavirus cases globally & why the virus is dangerous  … @abcnews #COVID2019
I thought they're there to SPREAD the GOOD NEWS??? They're there to spread the GODDAMN VIRUS!!!  …
If we go based off the Infection rate of Covid-19, more than half the country should have already been exposed to the Virus. This means we have MILLIONS of infected with 0 symptoms. Lockdowns are useless at this point, Open the Economy.
Trump needs to shut TF up and let the doctors and researchers handle this. As much as he'd like to see this go away it isn't. There is no miracle cure. The virus isn't being mean to him, facts are not fake news, if he doesn't like it he is free to self quarantine his lying ass.  …
China's Ports Brace for Second Hit as Virus Spread Wipes Out Exports  …
Why hasn’t Steranko just beat up the virus yet?
When we look at the responses to the virus around the world, they fall into four tiers. The first tier is Asia; the second tier is continental Europe; the third tier is the US and the UK; the fourth tier is the Third World.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all of those impacted by Covid-19. Thank you to all of the medical professionals working tirelessly to defeat this virus. Through faith and family, we will all get through this. Better times are ahead!
Why is nobody talking about the simple use of humidifiers to stop the spread? 50-60% humidity hydrates your lungs to a level of tremendous defense so the virus does not latch on, it passes on through like a train missing its stop!!!  … via @GordanLauc
The ticket of Sanders/Hawkins would be formidable. Two real populists that people will be clamoring  November. In the aftermath of a country in a depression. Ravaged by the virus. The virus of capitalism. #BernieRunGreen
It seems the good pastor has tweaked  "...  of God is to spread the Virus,"  …
This  treatment can stop the virus. We need them immediately and stop the slow crawl. Every single doctor in this country needs a huge supply now. Catastrophic shutdowns can stop.
Both are true. I saved the articles on it. Now listen to this video all the way thru and share. UN Agenda 2021 is virus and migration. UN Agenda 2030 is One world Government. Loik them all up.  …
Another factor (thanks to the folks who shared with me): viral load. You can get more or less exposure to a virus, and more exposure can cause more harm. It's not just binary, exposed/not exposed.  #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID19
tips on avoiding COVID-19 virus: treat your face like a firm fastball to the ass cheeks... don’t rub it
Im so done with this year.. The virus has almost shut down my business.. I'm living on hope, trying to care for 4 horses, 2 cats, my pup and my new baby boy. My father in law passed away unexpectedly last week. Now my young horse has coliced and could die today. Nomore 
He’s fighting this virus crisis just like he fought in Vietnam.
A super corona virus has been in the works since 2015. The Chinese have been at this for a while. Canada:  … Italy RAI, 2015 Newsreport  …
Its a virus, no amount of money can stop a virus from spreading
When you are testing every Severe case of Covid-19 and only a small amount of Mild cases, your data over-represents the Severe cases. This makes the Virus look more deadly than it really is.
Since @StuartJRitchie wrecked the social psychologists, they have stayed at home and the Freudian anal psychologists have returned to the scene. The earth is healing, we are the virus.  …
Yeah the main point of masks for the public is not to keep virus OUT, it's to keep your own schmoo IN. As far as we can tell plain cloth is pretty effective for that. But again having pockets for more filtration adds flexibility.
Guys, I'm really, really worried about my parents. I don't want the virus to kill them. I don't want them to get sick and have to go to the hospital alone, with no family to hold their hand. I don't want isolation to break them. I just want to hug my mom, you know?
Are there any photoshop maestros out there who can make me a picture of King Vajiralongkorn with a covid virus as a crown? DM me please, and the top three will win a signed copy of my book, or an e-book version if you prefer that. I won't publish the names of the winner
Trumpists want to rewrite the recent past to make it seem like Trump was taking the virus seriously, whereas the media were ignoring the problem. They're basically trying to implant false memories, and it may well work with a large number of people.
Oh how I wish this virus only attacked selfish, ignorant, d*ck heads!! #StayAtHomeSaveLives 
The President has a virus way worse than Covid19 , he’s got toxic and extremely contagious absolute stupidity. it, and he, are proving to be deadly #TrumpPressBriefing
Yes and if you run around in the sun shouting boo you'll scare the virus away and it  anywhere near you.... One thing will stop the spread... STAY AT HOME !!!! 
this virus messing up alot of stuff
How do you go  to being a expert in virus? Bill needs to be investigated.
the virus is exposing all the things in society we were actually able to do all along but were told were impossible because of capitalism (i ordered at sonic while standing in a parking space) 
Just like that virus, right Dumbfuck Donnie?  …
My wife was on it for 12 yrs. perfectly safe. Wishes she was still on it now. Look at the numbers of this virus in Africa.
Bruh STAY IN THE HOUSE... I need this virus to be gone by May
Got this off of AWK's video to ask a simple question.....why do you need pampers to fight the Corona virus? 
I don't care if you're the Republican governor of Georgia or the mayor of NYC, this is disqualifying for any elected official. Bill de Blasio Rejects Claim U.S. Knew Asymptomatic People Could Spread the Virus: Only Learned That ‘In the Last 48 Hours’  …
What does the following have  Homelessness, sanctuary states/cities,  & going, legal drug use, infrastructure is a mess, highest/most taxes, worst cases of the China-Virus!...
POWER of PRAYER Please Pray for ALL Medical Staff & Health Care Workers Placing Their Lives on th Line to battle the Chinese virus to help others infected with the Chinese virus fighting to recover & return home. Communities are united in supporting ALL 
Virus Full Video 
The U.S. military just placed an billion $order for 78 F-35 jets, to be divided among the three flying services in order to bomb the Corona virus.  …
 population of Texas and Florida is approx. 49 M. That of Spain 46 M. Spain, tried to react quickly to the spread of the virus and has suffered almost 12,000 deaths thus far. The knuckle dragging Governors of Texas and FLA acted with hesitation waiting on Trump. 
People are out here dying and losing their jobs in the name of Coronavirus and y’all worried about playing football and basketball. Detroit is a hotbed for the virus, especially for Black people. 131 deaths in the city alone as of Saturday.
Please stop posting stories like this, it's going to make me look bad if I get the virus and die while I'm 27.  …
A timely "What if?" question from Munroe's book: "If everyone on the planet stayed away from each other for a couple of weeks, wouldn't  cold be wiped out?" Question & answer were both hypothetical. We are about to see how things pan out for another virus in real life. 
Mojo would never ever be on mania if not for the virus. Think about that?..lol.
Rest In Peace John Tillman AKA Playa. Father to Pershing legend Justin Tillman who went to VCU and playing overseas. I worked at the plant for over 14 years with you. He lost his battle again COVID-19 virus today. say a prayer for his family 
The president  that the Obama admin. didn’t make tests for a virus that emerged 3 years after Obama left office.  …
Unfortunately, CoronaVirus will  another alibi to avoid evidence-based schools reform in NSW. If results continue to slide, the educrats will blame the virus. Not themselves and the wreckage they have brought upon the system.  … via @smh
Trump himself could cure this Virus tomorrow and there would be a bunch of people pissed that he didn’t do it yesterday.
SHOCKING. The USA has 35% of the NEW corona-virus cases in the world. Yet we still do not have a National Stay at Home Order. Does Trump and the republicans want the virus to spread?
Trump derangement syndrome in our media is making it impossible for those tasked with asking the questions in a crisis to provide any help when we consider the debate between stopping the virus and restarting our economy. They are obsessed with Trump. ...and nothing else.
So we just reached 1 million cases of Corona-virus worldwide, looking at the data it suggests that 10 million cases will hit in 2 to 3 weeks, I hope I'm wrong but that's the data I'm seeing. I'm I missing anything?
No Lockdown: Sweden, Iceland, Belarus, Mexico, Taiwan et al. But no #coronavirus armageddon in either. But how? Let's ask Govt's trusted 'science experts': "Well, our  models indicate that it's highly likely that this virus is bias in favor the Nordic peoples."
104 and just recovered from corona virus? Perryit.  …
Praying that Senator Seward makes a full recovery. This pandemic, this virus, is truly a constant reminder of our humanity and how precious life is.
Well tomorrow I have a test to see if this virus has farked off.... It’s been tough at times and been ok for the most. #letshope #coronavirus #anticipate
I truly hope you're smarter than your fed govt and choose to participate in slowing this virus. Protect yourselves and everyone else. Just do what med professionals tell you. You can't depend on your govt. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to make a face mask out of my own fur.
If you're choosing a week when we've eclipsed the world in virus cases and nearly 2,000 people a day are dying and the unemployment rate is stratospheric and Trump is an addled, babbling nutjob, to puff out your chest in MAGA nonsense—you're not a decent human being. 
The death toll from COVID-19 will be much greater if people are forced to go to work too soon and before the virus is contained. Reopening the economy is what many conservatives consider acceptable in the interest of profits because lives of working people don't matter to them.
Almost no suggestions in the US debate that the virus should result in deep social and economic reforms. In Europe that is the dominant reaction, including the @ft  …
so fucking sick & twisted how i was supposed to see yves tumor, ecco2k, bladee, yung lean, sega bodega, tinashe, king krule + arca in the span of a month [all canceled] i knew it was too good 2b true a virus glitched the matrix systems are overloaded & rebooting while we suffer
My friends are far more concerned about a government induced depression than the virus @POTUS Open the country already, mitigate with good health practices and take measures to protect those most at risk. #COVID19  …
Whether it's Mike Pence, Jared Kushner or the My Pillow Guy does it really matter anymore who is in charge of the pandemic at the federal level? The virus is already everywhere and the states are left to fend for themselves. As long as Fauci is still involved I don't care.
Pelosi is starting another impeachment push over Trump's handling of Covid 19... Pelosi is the biggest virus in D.C. Trump 2020
52 years ago today, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. lost his life to the pandemic of white supremacy, racism, and anti-Black bigotry. The virus keeps spreading from generation to generation. Five decades later, we still have no vaccine or protective equipment to keep us safe. 
Tracing Trump admin. failures over first 70 days of the virus fight We may never know how many thousands of deaths, or millions of infections, might have been prevented w a response that was more coherent, urgent & effective.-  …
5..."Chinese Health Organization", many social media giants including Google, Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter have been suppressing discussion about the virus in the name of controlling "misinformation", and programs discussing #coronavirus are usually marked as ...
In one month Trump went from calling the virus the Democrats "new hoax" to this: ‘There will be death’: Trump warns of ‘toughest week’ ahead  … via @politico
“The Coronavirus Crisis Was Built for Insurgent Information”: Why Some Early MAGA Adopters Went Against Trump’s Virus Doctrine  …
Thank you @DavidBegnaud for honoring my best friend’s parent’s memory. She wants to continue raising awareness by making sure people take this virus seriously and they stay home. Her parents couldn’t, they were frontline workers.  …
TRUMP OWNS THE DEVASTATION OF COVID-19 IN AMERICA — His failure to recognize, let alone his lack of any early attempt to contain and mitigate the horrific impact of this deadly virus, will permanently scar the presidency....” — @CometTracy #TrumpLiesPeopleDie 
corona virus waiting for us outside our houses 
"Don't take the virus lightly". The residents of Wuhan have a message for the world about the coronavirus pandemic. 
What is uniquely stupid is measuring #coronavirus deaths w/o context or regards to probable cause in either medical or legal terms. Even Imperial College modelers admit 2/3 of deaths attributed to virus are not an actual increase in death rate b/c other factors would cause death.  …
Really wish Dr Fauci would lay down the law in front of the media right there and tell Trump to shut the fuck up when  to giving medical advice and what needs to be done to deal with the virus.  …
Last give away today $50 to someone to help get them through this virus lockdown. It will be a random pick. i wish i could help more i am trying but i will be back to help again.
The disparate impact of #COVID19 on the  can be seen clearly in Michigan, where 14% of the state pop. is Black but Black ppl account for 35% of virus cases & 40% of all deaths from the virus. 62% of Black ppl in MI are poor or low wealth.  …
Memo from Capitol Attending Physician encourages face covering. “These virus particles leave may leave your mouth and nose while coughing, sneezing, speaking, singing or sitting quietly.“
I was at Acme yesterday with my (Asian) family and when people saw us, they pulled their shirts up over their faces. Don’t tell me calling this the “Chinese virus” isn’t racist. It is.
“This stimulus provides small businesses with the liquidity they need at no cost. It keeps much of the nation’s workforce employed. And it allows the heart of the economy to quickly beat again when the virus is defeated.”  …
The Trump admin's failure to follow the intelligence about the virus "has echoes of the period leading up 9/11: warnings were sounded...but the President was deaf to them until the enemy had already struck."  
Since I lost my voice I pray when I go to bed every night My prayers are in Whispers but I know I'm heard My Brother Jack is fading and right now the Virus is keeping us apart I hope the Virus goes away and I can spend a little more time with him I will say prayers for you
“The simple truth is that the virus has tested our government and it has failed. France has fallen. It’s done. This is America’s Chernobyl — we can never again go back to believing that the government we have is wise and capable.”  …
When you look at many leftists’ posts you might assume they think Trump, not Covid-19, is the deadly virus. The sweetheart @robreiner tweeted, “Blood is not only on Trump’s hands, he is bathed in it.” Are you kidding me? Trump is devoting 18 hours a day to this! Truly despicable!
wtf postmaster out because of corona virus 
Techno-Fetishist Death Cult Mad Anthropocentrism is actually the virus 
Yeah I saw this and wrote my rep. But folks this is very important, the China virus may be stopping the economy but it isn’t stopping these legislators trying to push unconstitutional bullshit through. RT! Stay on top of your rights!! RT!  …
430,000 people traveled from China to U.S. since coronavirus surfaced China, WHO & the left were attacking Trump’s travel ban. There r hundreds more kinds of deadly virus developed in Wuhan P4 lab, Trump needs to make the China travel ban permanent.  …
Will the guy who referred to 15 cases of a virus that he said was going to magically disappear be able to claim he saved millions of lives? No. He will not.
I hated Trump before the Virus Now it's worse WHAT'S THE WORD I'M LOOKING FOR?
Once unreported, #coronavirus deaths in elderly people's homes now make one third of all virus related deaths in  …
I honestly think I already had the corona virus in December
The world’s governments are using this virus to move into a new world order.
Nancy says she's not worried about catching coronavirus because her blood alcohol levels are so high, it kills the virus on contact.
He announced 3/30 that he is virus free now!
#insiders Corona virus has again demonstrated that NeoLiberal-Chicago School-Trickle Down Economics ONLY WORKS FOR BILLIONAIRES but The Abbott Turnbull Morrison Govt will go straight back there as soon as possible Why would we allow them to do that?  …
Media: @sam_vinograd to @AnaCabrera: "The reality is that we're dependent on #China for lifesaving equipment. ... China, the original source of the virus, is in a position to cash in on the pandemic ... They're likely going to be able to eke out concessions from the 
Thanks to Corona virus, everyone has  a medical expert
It’s all adding up why they were  about low count of the virus in Africa,they wanted it to hit us hard so that we won’t have a choice but to agree on being the lab rats. They don’t rate black lives.  …
It really boils my piss to see pictures of those fucktards out drinking in parks with their friends today while my own son, a London ambulance crew member is very ill with the same virus these tossers are helping to spread. What is wrong with these people?
I think we, and I mean the left, took it upon ourselves to lockdown & take this virus seriously. We are who is keeping the death toll down. It is the people that have made a difference, not Trump.
What I’d really like to know (and I think everyone else does too) is how many healthy people with no pre-existing conditions that are under 65 died of this virus. The way you chose to write this it’s impossible to tell. Is it none? Because you should say that. 
He kept saying “they” instead of the virus...
I either hear Tory Lanez screaming “quarantine” or Cardi B yelling “corona virus” every second of my day & im srs not okay.
Gargling warm salt water from the start may have helped prevent the virus from reaching his lungs.  …
" #Vietnam is an even more extreme example of the observed mismatch between COVID-19 #fear vs. the actual threat. While there have been no confirmed #COVID19 deaths in Vietnam" 89% are afraid of contracting the virus.  …
*Lebron James develops the cure for COVID-19* Shannon Sharpe: SKILP this is why He’s the GOAT I Keep telling you this Skilp. Skip Bayless: You know who would never let the virus get created? Michael Jeffrey Jordan. The REAL GOAT.
We are the virus  …
Please practice Satanic distancing. Wear Mephistopheles' gloves and masks. Also, use Lucifer's Own Hand Sanitizer. It burns the virus all to hell. Thank you.
And with this I hope I never see this con man on TV ever again unless it’s on @FoxNews where they love to lie to their viewers until they drop dead from a virus they mocked as a hoax. 
Democrats just introduced a measure to give coronavirus relief checks to illegal aliens. Does anyone else believe that the "Democrat virus" infecting America is 100x more dangerous than any Chinese virus ever could be?
Today I bought a box of taco shells of a brand I had never even noticed because they were the only ones available. There are a lot of brands out there that have just been waiting for people to discover them- the panic from this virus will help to boost them.
My Dad....So special & good as gold. So thankful for Ocshner Clinic Foundation for being so good to my Dad. This fund is just a small way to allow them to keep the fight against this terrible virus.  …
8 different strains of Covid19 running around. I ain't never heard of a virus that was squad deep
Would people stay home if they could see the virus? 
Or the virus simply runs into a wall, as countries & states that did not shutdown see similar growth rate declines.
He disbanded the CDC pandemic team, called the virus a Democrat hoax, is shipping medical supplies to the highest bidding states, lied about available testing for months, pushed an untested drug as a cure, but sure the 8,000 deaths and counting are a win for trump
Love this pic. All staff, whatever the profession within the @NNUH & @NHS are helping fight the virus. @NHSHeros 
Sabatini: “I don’t really know how it works, I don’t know why I tested negative and then positive. I heard it could’ve been a false negative. This confirms the little that we know about the virus.” The Argentine couple will have to extend their quarantine in Turin.
Once again, Trump‘s blaming Obama for foolishness Like the Obama administration was supposed to have a test for a virus that didn’t exist yet. I can’t stand this fool.  …
I wonder if Trump is going to start calling the Coronavirus “the American virus,” considering there are more cases in the U.S than China.
i believe they arrested carti because he discovered a vaccination for the Corona virus.
The national task force against the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is studying whether the  quarantine in Luzon to stop the spread of the virus could be extended for a maximum of 15 days beyond the April 12 deadline. 
me tryna convince the virus to leave the island so I can have fun again </3 
it really baffles me that despite seeing how the virus is clearly affecting us, ppl are still throwing functions. that’s WILD
Experimenting with a more relaxed artstyle, and also created Virus a bird form 
Me in 6th grade praying for a stomach virus so i can lose weight but then i actually got one 
I don’t want anyone to get the Corona virus. But here are some people who might learn something if they did catch it.  …
The working-class Bronx neighborhood of Wakefield, for instance, has been hit hard by the coronavirus, with 304 of 556 people testing positive for the virus....the neighborhood is 58 percent African American, 17 percent Hispanic, and 15 percent white.  …
So serious question do y’all think these celebrities, athletes have this virus ? Asking for a friend we tryna see something
Explaining COVID-19 to children can be difficult. Our Child Life Specialist, @_JaimeNeefs shares a quick tip on how to explain the virus to your little ones. 
I'm a bit confused about the possibility of prisoner release due to the virus. If self isolation is the answer, where better to self isolate than a prison cell?
In case anyone is unsure, the liberals and their fake news counterparts were the ones who said this virus was not a big deal just long enough to make sure it spread through the whole country in order to infect as many as possible to hurt @realDonaldTrump and YOU and your family!
2) An engineer friend translated this for me: "they BUILT a CHIMERIC virus that included protein spikes whose designed function is to penetrate cells via the ACE-2 receptor AND they tested this gain of function IN VIVO."
Quick question for you all blokes...when this corona virus is over and you have a choice between a romantic weekend away with the Mrs or a game for your club...what number will you bat?
From Northern Italy: 60 volunteers who believed they’d never had #COVID19 donated blood. 40 of them tested positive for antibodies to the virus.  …
Grocery store cashiers right now should be making $20 an hour minimum. Having to touch everybody’s groceries behind them has to be the most vulnerable situation when  to catching a virus that I can imagine.
Meanwhile, there's probably dozens of scripts passing around in Hollywood about how the US saved the world from the "Chinese virus", ending with an emotional speech about union and friendship... One of them will  a movie and win 5 Oscars in 2025.  …
By the way. You’re not allowed to post a pic of yourself ‘out and about’ pre corona virus or some slice of perfection called Sharon or Karen will try to cancel you.
A Chinese research paper says a #COVID19 patient shed infectious virus for 49 days -- shedding stopped when he was administered antiserum from a convalescent #SARSCoV2 survivor. Big implications for safe patient mgmt., but study needs  …
Wow. This is Dallas, TX today where the city’s cowboys have returned for the first time since 1805. The earth is healing, we are the virus 
Bill gates is the biggest threat to humanity, not a virus. This criminal is insane..
Just a quick reminder that while Trump was babbling during his press conference about reopening, people were choking to death on their own fluids due to a virus that is not contained. It would be great if he cared about the American people just 1/100th as much as his image
Over the past two days, I’ve been targeted and pressured to not tweet stories like this. Not happening. This virus began in forced silence, and I will not accept any attempts to silence discussions of very real problems.  …
Judge frees rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine from NYC prison 4 months early, citing "raging" virus outbreak  
UPDATE: @kayleighmcenany claims when was talking only about not letting the  to the US from China. FACT CHECK: 430,000 DID arrive from China after the outbreak began. Trump failed to track the disease from Day One. cc: @KFILE  …
Just wanna tell all you guys get with the ppl you love and hold them tight this Corona virus is no joke I lost my mom due to this horrible virus this shit breaks me I couldn’t even tell her goodbye she fought a good fight but I know she’s at peace now I LOVE YOU MOMMY
Bruce Heyman former US ambassador to Canada is on tv know blaming Trump for the Covid-19 virus. What an absolute asshole. Not one word of outrage against China.
Let me get this straight: Joe Biden called Trump's China Travel Ban as "Hysterical xenophobia" Now his campaign says he supports travel bans in response to the China Virus pandemic Wait—By his own standards, doesn’t that make him a “hysterical xenophobe?”
My wife works at our hospital and since she wears scrubs, the hospital instructed her to not stop anywhere between work & home, because people are ATTACKING healthcare workers (for fear of spreading the virus). Every day my faith in humanity wavers.
Trump voters believing that he was unprepared for the virus doesnt = they will not be voting for him in November but for a candidate who became president based on 80,000 votes in 3 states, the argument creates a huge opening for Joe Biden  … @politicususa
This, and also that his travel "shutdown" revealed how primitive his thinking was. It was a symbolic move to look tough, not part of any strategy to fight the virus.  …
My sister and niece (2 RN’s) both report the same in 2nd largest city in IL. They are incensed at what has happened to  and it’s not the virus, but the boundless overreach.
The Covid catastrophe is what happens after a generation of leaders allow the market to determine the value of human life. Trump is the virus, but the underlying condition of neoliberal capitalism has hollowed out public services, political institutions and the economy.  …
Given enough time, research, funding and global cooperation we can eventually defeat any disease or virus. The Malaria cases went down despite a growing global population. Source:  
What if this was all planned and this virus outbreak was done to us on purpose? Dr. Fauci in 2017: Trump will be challenged by a ‘surprise global disease outbreak’ (Video)  …
4 tools to slow the virus: <—-Use instead of shaking hands <—-Use to prevent you from spreading <—-stay apart 6 of these and you will  part of the answer! <—Best to use this because it is the solution Thanks @larrybrilliant!
I am actually frightened by the lack of medical knowledge of every single person who questions COVID19 related deaths. If you have asthma and contract COVID19 and die, your death will be counted as COVID19 related, as it was the virus that caused lung failure, not asthma alone.
What exactly is the end game with our current strategy for managing SARS CoV2? We can’t social distance forever, the economy will absolutely  implode, and the virus will still be around as other viruses are...
Fighting the virus is a joint effort & we will continue to protect & serve  Our Officers & teachers from @PS41CROCHERON are seen outside the school cheering our students on as they are attending classes 
Virus or not, the chase continues. 
I thank god everyday that I’m still healthy not diagnosed with this corona virus truly a blessing
The purpose of the #coronavirus is to end human rights worldwide. This is a man-made virus released to cause havoc before an election, to make people desperate so they demand #UBI. We'll have  Forced, dangerous #vaccinations. One govt employer you can't 
John, I am a Pastor and let me tell you this. Any Pastor that puts his or her congregation in danger of contracting this virus must suffer the consequences. Romans 13:1-2. Churches can stream online. We must be responsible.
Introducing some #pixelart versions of rejected virus concepts from the MegaMan Battle Network series! There’s some cool designs here! I decided to sprite the Dog, Alligator, and my absolute favorite: Life Sucker 
So the global uncontainable virus that everyone is quarantining themselves into cabin fever over, will all of a sudden stop spreading at the start of the 2020 NFL season? You want your vaccination ID implants now or only when you attend one of the 13 NFL stadiums that offer 5G?
No stats of recovered corona virus patients in Zim yet..its been over two weeks now and the 9 confirmed cases are still just that...confirmed cases. At this point they should have either recovered or died..right? Or am i wrong if im wrong tell me its okay
PREMIERE 8pm ET:  #CCPVirus: “You could say it’s reckless. You could say it’s intentional. But the one thing that you have to say is…the actions that the Chinese government took led to the spread of this virus around the world.” @GordonGChang on 
But the point they're making is that they're not being overrun with virus patients
Today I wrote about Rick Johnson, a firefighter who died of coronavirus early this morning. He was 50 and he loved dancing. The Tullytown fire chief, mourning his friend, said “I’m hoping that this also hits people that don’t understand about this virus.”  …
SPORTS? If these briefings aren't cause to invoke the #25thAmendmentNow I don't know what would be. He's considering taking a drug that's untested to treat the virus he DOES NOT HAVE & that people with lupus need to manage their condition. #WearAMask 
Britain isn't interested in fighting the virus. All it's doing is cooking the numbers and playing a PR game.  …
Is it just me or is the level of governmental clamp down extremely disproportionate to what is actually happening with this virus?
As you might know, we lost #TerrenceMcNally to this virus on March 24. One of our great playwrights. His place in history is secure, and he lived a long, prolific life. Nonetheless, we are saddened and he will…  …
Im disgusted by the amount of selfish people in this town that refuse to stay home & continue to throw parties. Even if your chance of survival is high,you could pass the virus to someone else who could then bring it home to their family members with preexisting health conditions
Joe Biden didn’t write that. That was done by a D-RAT operative. He doesn’t right. He’s probably not even watching right now and, if he is, he doesn’t understand what he’s watching!! Sleepy @JoeBiden, Can somebody brief me about “LUHAN VIRUS” 
Please pray for my family. We just lost a loved one due to this horrible virus and now my grandmother is in critical condition due to kidney failure.
YES!!! He didnt "woopsie" some data. He was purposefully playing the fool's errands....pushing Fox New's talking points (at the time) of the virus
40,000 travelers arrived in US on direct flights from China in the 2 months after Trump imposed restrictions on such travel. 400,000 arrived on direct flights, in January, from China. 700,000 travelers arrived from virus-infected parts of Europe in Feb-Mar.  …
I've had a flurry of emails from various folks asking if I would like to read 'my virus dystopian lockdown novel'. Not really, I'm living it. I'm going to bed with Anne of Green Gables.
Corona is the virus. Capitalism is the pandemic.
Why didn't he thank China for sending us the virus which got him on TV everyday for an hour!  …
I’m sorry to hear that @carriesymonds is suffering the virus symptoms. As my own wife is also pregnant it is my greatest fear at the moment. I pray for her recovery and the health of her child #CoronaCrisisuk
Does this despicable fake reporter report on how democrats gross recklessness is directly responsible for NY, NJ & CA having over 50% of the entire nations breakout & deaths from this virus all because their TDS wanted to defy warnings by the President? 
You should let that person know that they’re risking other people’s lives just because they don’t want to lose their job. H-E-B has already said they’d pay us if we got the virus
So the cure for the virus is to arrest people and put them in a cage with 30 other people? Gotcha...
I was reading where the rich have escape plans to just fly away on private planes to secluded areas or get on their yachts to sail into safe ocean waters. But the virus is everywhere! Not sure how they can totally get away.
Today I’ve read that the virus dies at 26C+, so we had to escape the quarantine and make fire in a taxi actually,that’s not true, you better stay at home and be safegood  
5. NY mayor encouraged citizens to get out and enjoy themselves, downplaying the virus: 
How would they know a pandemic  unless it was PLANNED? Idk about you but I cant see pandemics in my crystal ball. Maybe if Obama would not have lifted the virus manipulation sanctions we would not have to worry about biowarfare.
Even as coronavirus spreads, hospitals are discharging patients who had previously tested positive for the virus. 
Another one @TheKouk is that before #coronavirus hit there were hundreds of rural towns across our nation that were dying for many reasons. Virus is now killer blow. Huge investment is needed in #rural Australia. It covers 80% of  …
Yes, this virus has a higher mortality rate than the flu for INFECTED people, but its spread is orders of magnitude smaller than seasonal influenza. As a result, the TOTAL number of hospitalizations and deaths caused by #COVID19 is 25-30 times smaller than that of influenza.
Maybe it’s because my family and friends are all in NYC or close to it in NJ but I personally know many people who have had this virus and 3 people who have died. It seems everyone I know has lost someone close to them. Make of that what you will
You all see what’s going on here? Is this really about a virus or are we seeing 150,000+ sealed indictments  unsealed? 
If yo nigga out cheating with this virus going around , he really hate you .
My husband went to the grocery store in Bothell, WA today. He wore a mask and surgical gloves. People actually sid things like: "I don't know anyone who has died of the virus." "Look how silly he looks." "He drank a lot of the Kool-Aid." Few people were wearing masks.
Losing my dad to #Covid19 was an eye opener to myself, friends, and family. I hope his death will make more of you aware that this virus is real and nothing to be taken lightly. R.I.P. DAD I LOVE YOU
Making sure to tune into the press conferences every day to hear the big man say stuff like “This virus (weirdly lingering on the second s) is a real beauty, okay”
This virus has done what no woman was able to do ... cancel all sports, shut down all bars AND keep all men at home WTF
Are you an actual MD? I was an RN for 33 years and was terrified by what I was reading up on and hearing about this virus in January.
#DearMrPresident Thank you for your leadership during this worldwide crisis. Pay no attention to the low IQ human scum who are sick enough to politicize a worldwide virus outbreak. #WeThePeople support you and reject all those lunatics who won't let any crisis go to 
1. NY local officials in protest to trumps January 30, 2020 China travel ban, encouraged citizens to attend a festival in China town, and also downplayed the virus: 
China must definitely be fudging the numbers here, theirs no way those numbers being posted from China can be that low. Meanwhile the countries above them are being rattled by this virus, it doesn’t add up. 
We all have now seen exactly how Democrats have responded to the Corona Virus “Crisis” that can be avoided by washing our hands and social distancing. It terrifies me just to imagine how Democrats will respond when we have to deal with a real crisis.
A prayer for Marianne Faithfull who’s in hospital being treated for the virus, having tested positive
Yesterday, Trump had an impressive new set of lies. He said some states are "not in jeopardy" from COVID-19 (they all are), and claimed he never said the virus would be gone by April (he very much did). Just more grifting and double-talk from a man incapable of leading a nation.
Thank you so much for this sentiment But if we know this virus poses a great risk to healthcare workers due to how contagious it is should we not be doing everything to get these healthcare workers PPE? Thank you for your applause but get us PPE 
All i said was there was this many people with the virus in the Netherlands... 
"Demos& Republicans are better +Declare #Trump #POTUS 4the 2nd time because #Corona does not understand election or voting. +To save yourselves from Corona, change 'sRegime. I said whatever needed Don't doubt it." @ReStartLEADER #Mystic_Corona_Virus 
I fear for my nation. I’m 5% worried about the virus and 95% terrified about how governors and mayors were able to shut down our constitutional freedoms with the wave of a hand.
RT or you’ll get the corona virus 
Live shot of Biden during wuhan virus presser. 
A vast majority of the U.S. states have not collected or disclosed the race of COVID-19 infections and fatalities. Michigan has, and the info is critical  the virus. Kudos to @GovWhitmer & @DrKhaldun for releasing those numbers. 
So if one dies of cancer or heart disease, and has COVID 19 also, this is counted as a COVID 19 death? We want to know how many people die BECAUSE of the virus, not how many die WITH the virus. @realDonaldTrump @mitchellvii @dbongino
My Abuelo is resting in peace now. He lost the battle against COVID today. He died on my grandma’s bday. He fought till the very end. He was a science teacher and activist against Trujillo in DR. Please take this virus seriously.
The absolute greed and stupidity of the US is going to kill hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of its own citizens because of this virus. Seizing and giving PPE to  to sell to the highest bidder? This should be 
To: @realDonaldTrump aka #TrumpTheLyingKing THIRD REQUEST: Can you explain why the United States has more COVID-19 cases than any other country, even though you had the most advance warning of the Virus? #TrumpLiedAmericansDied #TrumpLiedPeopleDied
It’s absolutely not our job to praise the president. It is our job to point out that he routinely lies to the country and offer a realistic understanding of this virus.  …
This is my friend #Vaughan Councillor @R_DeFrancesca. This cautious working mom tested positive for #COVID19. This virus doesn’t discriminate. Let’s embrace her unifying message that we stick together & DO OUR PART to save lives. Wishing you & your daughter a quick recovery! 
what ignorant fools Nurses are being spat on and abused by the public,forcing many hospitals to order staff to only wear uniforms at work. In a disturbing trend ill-informed people are taking out their fears of coronavirus on health workers,claiming they are spreading the virus.
Are y’all really having whole ass kick backs in your back yard y’all best block me from your story cuz ima about to call the government PEOPLE CANT SEE THEIR FUCKEN FAMILY BCUZ OF THIS VIRUS AND YALL JUST KICKIN IT?!
Palm Beach County Sheriff's Sergeant Jose Diaz Ayala has passed away after battling COVID-19. PBSO says Ayala was battling other underlying health issues before he contracted the virus. He leaves behind 3 daughters, 2 sisters, his mother and father. 
Errbody wiping everything down worrying about this virus. Try wiping hatred, envy, and jealousy outta ya heart... That’s worse than a virus.
sweetener, caution and butterfly stans are automatically immune to the corona virus
I think they are trying to tie any death in this country to this virus. @Cernovich had a great question. Is anyone checking obituaries?
I was thinking about the ridiculous rumours about 5G and #COVID2019. 5G is most closely associated with Huawei; there's a concerted push from some quarters to pass the blame for the virus onto China. I can't believe that whoever initiated this wasn't trying to bolster that idea.
I cannot figure out how he or his circle don’t have this virus? How is that possible?
Trump warns America to brace for a 'lot of deaths' in  week as US virus cases pass 300,000  
Everyone in the world owes these citizen journalists a debt. When their government was downplaying the virus, they showed the true scale of disaster. Forced China to admit the danger to the world. This gave us all a bit more time. We owe these people:  …
This really appeared in Xinhua, China's state-run media "The U.S. owes China an APOLOGY, and the world owes China a THANK YOU for their ‘heroic’ efforts to stop the virus and save the world." China Lied? No Kidding! But You Heard It Here First. READ  
 are using the virus - from which many are profiting - to delay enforcement of privacy rules. But as we rely more on tech, we need those rules more than ever. 
Things I’ve learned from the Corona Virus Quarantine #935810: If you start the day off eating cookies, you will most likely eat cookies for lunch, snack and dinner as well.
Trump's virus versus Obama's. That says it all.  …
You mean the FDA approved medication that you have to see a doctor to get that thousands of doctors in over 30 countries have rated the current top treatment for this virus. 
If that doctor was your father, Will you want a Coronavirus patient to lie to him in that way? If that nurse was your wife or mother, will want someone to expose her to this virus like this? Why are  animals when we go to hospitals and expose other people to risks?
This is the root of our Virus problem. Blaming a "Virus" for us getting sick shifts responsibility away from our own lifestyle. "The microbe is nothing, the terrain is everything."
The atheist who says "why worship a GOD that I cannot see?" Is now hiding in their home from a virus they cannot see.
STAY AT HOME. DO NOT SPREAD THIS VIRUS. WHAT DON’T YOU UNDERSTAND??  …
The virus is inside your body. You gonna swallow the sun? Sunbathing. In April. In a pandemic. What is wrong with you. Stay indoors. This is not a holiday.
Professor Lee for Spectator: “Imagine a birthday balloon. A virus is smaller than this by roughly the same amount that the balloon is smaller than the earth. Just think about that for a moment: balloon, earth; virus, balloon.” No wonder some think face masks marginal.
WOW: The zombies have returned to their nesting grounds outside my Minecraft house. The earth is healing, we are the virus 
A 13 year old boy just died recently bc of the virus and stupid idiot people are still going out because of “warm weather”. Every single person in this video is fucking selfish. They’re the reason why lockdown is going to go on for longer than it needs to be.  …
Holy crap! This guy, that the Dems want instead of Biden, is thanking  that lied about the Chinese virus, covered it up, blamed us and are the reason it is worldwide!  …
Why was it called the corona virus if it started in china ?
How many do the 4000 dead people get from the Tories after they refused to do anything about the virus despite a 3 month warning, including refusing to buy any kit or PPE or ventilators or tests?
Chinese citizens can’t make virus. This virus only can be made in military lab by CCP. 
How long before our genius politicians issue an order to Stop Breathing! in order to "stop" the spread of the virus?  …
Just a quick reminder that some time in the near future they'll be a day that the premier league season is cancelled and the scousers be out rioting infecting eachother with the virus that beat them to the title.
Look at your profile. This is exactly what people like you have been trying to do with climate change propaganda for years. You did it with a virus scare. Pure evil.
If we are not being shut down for some other reason than the Chinese virus, there is NO reason to keep the country closed. None. The numbers do not justify the shut down.
I think she's okay. Any 13 year old would feel the same. Give her a break. She's a guest and it's not exactly  she's describing what's she's feeling for "virus diaries" and it's valid. It is intense. Even for me. And her father works at a hospital, a frontliner.  …
Obama & Joe Biden did absolutely nothing during the H1N1 virus (Swine Flu) as they didn’t issue one travel ban or any closures. These twin towers of disaster didn’t even declare a national emergency until 1K deaths in America occurred.
He @iamsrk donated around 70Cr Rupees in many ways to fight from corona virus , and also give his 4 storey personal office to @mybmc for kids , elders and ladies . King for a reason .A true super star. #SRKOfficeForQuarantine #SRKDonatesForCovid #ShahRukhKhan 
Sturgeons so called expert a gynaecologist screwing Scotland by spreading the virus yet us plebs have to stay indoors as she keeps telling me on TV bunch of hypocrites
31 people die in NYC an hour without the virus. How many extra a dying because of The chinese virus or better yet how many of those 750 non virus deaths are now being called virus caused? We should trust the people that hid ventilators right.................
We are right now .... footy back on tomorrow, back to work for everybody, schools back after the hols ... let us rejoice. This fuckwit has sent the virus to Satan .. never to return. Thanks be to the Lord and Hillsong.  …
“Mr Officer i was on my Way to spread some cheeks Not the Virus “
Been dodging the news for most of the day, wish I'd continued. Do people genuinely believe 5G (electronic infrastructure pushing out radio waves) causes Coronavirus (a biological virus)? This is flat earth territory.
Quid pro Dementia Joe is such a bad candidate he needs a Global virus to have a chance... Trump2020LandSlide  …
TOO EXCITED TO EDIT THE PHOTOS OR TAKE BETTER ONES LOL • Hoping to release these when my switch  in sometime this month:) with the virus everything is really up in the air but I will announce the official date on here, insta, and in my bio when I know it
Chinese people have been treated as if they are the virus (or as if they are all potential carriers) during Covid-19, but this goes way back historically. A personal essay on being hurt but not being seen  …
It is not my portion mentality will be the undoing of Nigerians during this #COVID19 pandemic. Pastors, mallams, babalawos, dibias, and boka will be busy assuring people that they don't have #COVID19. Fake miracle sessions will be going on and they will be distributing the virus
Hydroxychloroquine is a proven drug in use for decades against malaria. Just not used for this NEW VIRUS. WTF is wrong with you Jon? Do you NOT want people to get well?  
This is a Fan Favorite! Tested Positive for the Cronic Wanker Virus  
guys please keep my grandad in your thoughts or prayers - whatever works. he's been taken to hospital due to having symptoms of the virus. nothing confirmed yet so i'm hoping for the best. but your thoughts and prayers would mean the world. thank you
Wow. This is Los Angeles, CA today where the city’s namesake has returned for the first time since 1813. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
"This virus demands that we find empathy. This virus demands that we find our better selves, or it will put us down individually and as a society," writes 
i appreciate the ones who are asking if i’m okay after one of my fellow partners contracted the virus. means a lot!
Can't believe people are saying can't wait till this virus is over so we can use our credits soon to board those cruise ships again .. Must be the same people that vote in the LNP no matter how bad they are
Donald Trump just talked about Joe Biden's tweet where he said that Trump didn't create the virus but he failed to prepare for it. He said that Biden didn't write the tweet. The same person who obviously didn't write book The Art of the deal.
Please pray for the ones fighting for their lives from this terrible virus.
Wow. This is Dublin, Ohio today where the native species are finally growing. The earth is healing. We are the virus. 
These doctors have families Some have wives. Some have husbands. Some have children. If they catch this virus and they die, Many families will lose a breadwinner, And many will be in tears. If you are not a total animal, Why will you do this to someone trying to save your life?
yall walking around with unuh virus infested glove that y’all have on all day, spreading whatever on it to everywhere rather than just sanitize & wash unuh hands often not sorry.
Prisoner dies in cell, COVID-19 virus spreads to 200 inmates in Michigan  …
In other words: the death toll we are seeing is “people that tested positive for the the virus, and are now dead.” Not, people that have died FROM Coronavirus. That number, when investigated, will be much lower. Italy determined only 12% of their death toll was FROM Covid  …
He’s like every rich white old man I’ve spoken with over the last two weeks. This virus is one of the first things in their lives they can’t just pay their way out of and it is driving all of them absolutely insane.
i just wanna be able to sing “MAMI QUE TU QUIERE??? AQUÍ LLEGO TU TIBURÓN...” at the top of my lungs with my friends this summer and not have to worry about getting no virus :((
These 13 doctors have just finished from medical school. 12 of them are in postgraduate training trying to  a specialist. They have all encountered these unfortunate moron patients who think lying to doctors and putting health workers at risk of a dangerous virus is okay.
Our singular goal: flatten the curve-slow the progression of this virus. Houston can lead the way. st
Our President @realDonaldTrump has put #AmericaFirst since his first day in office. This COVID-19 Virus only proves his #AmericaFirst Policies are what America Needs! #MadeInAmerica #SecureBorders #ImmigrationReform Independence from foreign energy, drugs, technologies, 
Social distancing is one of the only things we can do to keep from spreading the virus. Six feet apart, or six feet below ground. Wash hands, wear a mask.
This cannot be underscored enough. There is NO FDA approved treatment for coronavirus. Yet, Pres Trump is saying he might take an anti-malaria drug to seemingly prevent him from getting the virus and urging others to take it. Incredible.  …
Finally hit me what was going on in this, the worst Trump presser since "beautiful Easter". He's negotiating with the virus. Yeah, we'll lock it down through April, but you better play ball, virus. We're gonna make some "hard choices", virus, and you'll be sorry if we do.
ever get pleasantly absorbed in a task for awhile and then suddenly realize...holy crap i'm sewing a makeshift surgical mask because there's a mf'ing pandemic caused by a deadly virus and i've been horribly failed by the institutions theoretically supposed to protect me
Imagine if this latest Virus is from cow, and originated from Nigeria. The theory would have been Buhari and his Fulani brothers brought the virus into Nigeria to kill Igbos. Unfortunately, it those who traveled abroad that are responsible for the spread. God knows how to fight
After this #FaithConcert er The virus go vanish waaa Shatta wale
Govt fears virus cases may top 50,000 by end of April  …
Trump is suggesting that nobody survives once placed on a ventilator. What a cruelly ignorant thing to say as thousands of American fight a virus he called a hoax just a few weeks ago
Coronavirus: Potential vaccine generates enough antibodies to fight off virus, first peer-reviewed study suggests  …
fuck corona virus  …
Twitter, I am not often one for this, but my family could use your prayers right now. My Dad has been battling #COVID19 for two weeks and was rushed to the hospital this morning with respiratory issues. We had thought he was on the mend before the virus roared back this morning.
Dr. Fauci emphasizes "The virus has no place to go if you’re physically separated.” before Trump jumps in, saying “Take hydroxychloroquine. What do you have to lose? Try it.” #TrumpPressBriefing.
Absolutely not! That is what Democrats are dying to do. Destroy our economy, make us paranoid about this virus even more and eliminate President Trump with stolen votes by mail. Plus much more corruption. NO. 
Will GOP senators, when their loved ones lie in hospitals dying from the virus, and dying alone, regret giving Donald a pass?
Names that make sense: Chinese Virus (origin location) Wuhan Coronavirus (specific origin location) CCP Virus (this is the Communists' fault) Instead, WHO called it "COVID-19." Why? Because the World Health Organization is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.
Go back and look at your NY governments tweets!!! They literately sent them out to the CHINA town, go to the parade, go see a movie...go here and there, it's OK! No Virus here...... yet.
Nanny’s boy still has a 15% share in SCM which is snapping up properties during the virus crisis in order make a huge profit in the future.  …
I have just been evacuated from Indonesia to Germany. There was a  on the plane, then the captain announced: "A passenger brought durian on board! Pleas get rid of it now!!!" For a moment, the fear for the durian's smell overwhelmed the fear for the virus
This cornoa virus is getting serious and life is too short so if we had a beef or a falling out I just wanted to say fuck you one last time.
fuck corona virus
25 doctors have now in isolation in UBTH Benin because three morons with Coronavirus decided to lie about their travel history. Of this 25 doctors, 13 have just finished medical school. Just imagine: 6years of med school, And get killed by a virus. Why are these patients evil?
#Iran: Despite Repeated Denials by Regime Officials, National Emergency Organization Documents Show Virus-Infected Patient Was Transferred From Airport Yaftabad Hospital on January 25 #COVID2019 #coronavirus  
Dr Trump tells the nation to take an unproven drug, and then says antibiotics can be used against a virus. (They cannot.)
Next to all the horrific virus statistics, this tweet needs to go into the history books for reference when people ask, “How bad was it?”  …
I can tell you now that won't be happening. You're getting till end of April (we know  then after that you'll have mass disobedience on your hands. @CharlieFlanagan Don't mistake our willingness to rid Ireland of the virus for weakness.  …
People are really losing their loved ones to this virus and people are really still going out risking lives of others for what
"Almighty. You’re our refuge and strength. We know that everything is in Your Sovereign control. We know that You will heal the world from this virus. Have mercy on us.  and empathy be our touchstones when dealing with people during this difficult time. Aameen!"
Dr Fauci: "the virus has no place to go if you're physically separated." Wish more people would just keep a few feet further from each other. It really is that simple but lots of people aren't getting it.
If I get the virus, I hereby give my permission to use a video of me desperately gasping for breath as my lungs fill with fluid and a voice over of Trump's voice regarding handing out ventilators to be used in any  used against Donald Trump.
watching these live updates about the virus is so pointless because they can’t even answer basic questions. talking about slopes n shit like this is y = mx + b. we just wanna know wtf goin on
Zagreb, Croatia right now. Due to quarantine hyenas are returning to places they abandoned millenias ago. We are the virus 
This Shatta Wale concert is going to drive the Corona virus away aswear #Shattawale #FaithConcert
O world, please send your zakat to the poor of #Gaza. It is very difficult to blockade Gaza with the Corona virus
Have heard a rumour that summer turnout starts tomorrow (3 wks early due to the virus). Unfortunately I am not included because of my EMS. I will still get daytime turnout with Harry and Ford in our starvation field I miss my old mates - but mainly the mares *smirks* 
We have two pandemics actually three on hands: Corona Virus, Fake News, and Stupidty. SMH.
I’m getting the sense that trump is so extra unhinged bc something major must be going on behind the scenes - and not about the virus
Fury over 'Pokemon' jibe on French TV during China virus homage  …
"Think about that: On Jan. 28, the WHO praised China for its 'speed and openness' in dealing with the virus. "The same day, President Trump expanded U.S. airport screenings to identify travelers showing symptoms and instituted mandatory quarantines."  …
While advanced economies can slow virus spread via social distancing, this approach is a luxury to the majority of poorer countries. The #G20 should coordinate exceptional pandemic support to ensure the right resources flow to the areas of greatest need.  
Hero/Nurse today up against the virus on the  home and knows the shirt to wear @CelticFC @Celtic1967_com @CelticVideo @CelticTV 
#TrumpPressBriefing Someone needs to ask Dr. Fauci on air about the risk that untested treatments for covid-19 could lead to the virus mutating, as well as what other risks are involved, especially when  to chloroquine, which poses significant health risks on it's own.
The atheist who says “why worship God that I cannot see,” is now hiding in their home, from a virus they cannot see 
Dr. Fauci: We don't have any data to support hydroxychloroquine use. Trump: "I hope they use the hydroxychloroquine... We have a lot of it... There's a rumor out there... that people who have lupus haven't been catching this virus.... I may take it."
Good to see hospital admissions for corona virus starting to level off in London. Let's hope that's the start of a better trend.
Vanuatu - in midst of fierce #CycloneHarold - says 62 people held in #COVID19 quarantine have tested virus free. Vanuatu remains one of the world's few #coronavirus free nations at this 
Alhamdulilah another ramadan  and inshallah we all get to see it but please make a dua for the converts/reverts who will be alone even more this ramadan due to the corona virus. A lot of reverts will be fasting alone and at the same time trying to hide that they are....
This is a woman who has worked for the NHS for 16 years. Who are you to say she is not a Hero. She also could have caught the virus before she went on leave, no one knows. Just vile. You and the bald guy. Vile
Why would we need nuclear warheads to fight a virus!  …
corona virus got me watching NBA games from 2006 eating ramen I bought in 2005
fluoride is the virus... and 5g is the cure
Three #COVID2019 patients are recovering after receiving antibodies from a patient who fully recovered from the virus. This is a break through and can help heal those who are sick. If you fully recovered from the virus make sure you donate your blood plasma to help.
“If nothing else DONOTSPREADIT We can keep you alive, using technology & equipment, until your body gets over it, but we can’t fix the virus But the public can. YOU can fix the virus. YOU can #StayAtHome, stay indoors and don’t spread it” @roundaboutdave 
The news about Stephen Miller really sucks, huh? I mean the fact that he doesn't have the virus.
24) Did you catch it? While it appears that he’s talking about the virus, he actually is making reference to the underground tunnels. Don’t Doubt Me! Well, you can if you choose, but I’m correct in my (decoding).
New Moldbug on a response to the virus  … 
Miami Mayor @FrancisSuarez, who tested positive for #COVID19, shares how he was able to fight the virus in his city while in quarantine 
Why would he take a drug when he doesn’t have the virus? This bullshittery has gone on long enough.
DId Trump just saying that "we're doing WAY better than other countries- way better!"-- did he just say that? We have the highest number of cases of the virus in the world and governors are scrambling for PPE. This isn't better?
Thanking China for the ventilators after they sent the virus  to thanking someone after they poisoned you for giving you a ride to the emergency room!
@VeraEtches @JimWatsonOttawa @ottawahealth We were out for a family walk this afternoon and saw a family utilizing play structures in a park, my 5 year old yelled, “Get off! Listen to Dr. Etches! She’ll get you! You want the virus?!” I’m a proud Mom!
 flu kills tens of thousands each year and “nothing is shut down, life & the economy go on,” he tweeted March 9. A day later, he pledged that the virus would “go away. Just stay calm.”  …
#Hydroxychloroquine is proving to be succesful at halting the virus and so avoiding the need for intubation. 6000 Drs worldwide say it is the most effective. Already licensed. Give to all new admissions. NHS faces shortfall of ventilators  …
India Drags China To International Court For COVID-19 War In addition to the  a $20 trillion lawsuit has also been filed against China for waging a Biological war in Texas Federal Court, alleging that it unleashed the corona virus as a bio weapon upon the world
Any Church/leader who say they have a prophetic word on why the virus is happening, what will happen, or they have anointing over it should be disregarded. The ego is a scary, untrustworthy guide. Safe leaders shelf their ego, point people to Jesus & get the heck out of the way.
You mean the chinese virus from China that is racist if we call it Chinese Virus? That Chinese Virus?  …
To slow the virus’s spread and give our health systems the resources to respond, Gov. Stitt should issue a statewide stay-at-home order. Read our analysis:  #okhealth  …
What are we bringing home from hospital shifts at this time? Probably not the virus, but our emotions and tales that effect our families emotions. They are proud but scared. Who is looking after them?
A reminder of the risks that doctors, nurses, technicians and cleaners take. Even young health workers are at risk because they can absorb large amounts of virus, and the virus is dose-responsive. We owe so much to these front-line health workers. RIP, Dr. Firlit.  …
He's also still trying to kill the virus in Windows 95. So there's that.
“he voiced far more authentic concern about..the stock market than the spread of the virus in the United States, railing at the chairman of the Federal Reserve with an intensity that he never seemed to exhibit about the possible human toll of the outbreak.  …
I just finished scrubbing every inch, every floor in the house Lord please find Covid cure fast, I swear if I don’t get out of here soon the Honey-Do list will get me long before the virus does Seriously everybody, PLEASE stay safe
Can't underscore enough: Pres Trump said he might start taking hydroxychloroquine, the anti-malaria drug he keeps touting as a coronavirus treatment. Experts are still trying to figure out if it is effective against the virus. And, Trump has said he is negative for the virus.
Coronavirus: Potential vaccine generates enough antibodies to fight off virus, first peer-reviewed study suggests  …
As I said on #RolandMartinUnfiltered this week, this virus is predatory. It preys on people with pre-existing conditions, and as we're learning, it's hitting our  hard. I'm in D.C. focused on getting the resources needed to keep  safe. 
He should take double the dose, really kick that virus’ butt
@realDonaldTrump should have any elected official arrested & charged with murder, including the dirtbag Gov. of NY Cuomo who is preventing personal doctors from prescribing Hydroxychloroquine (which has been proven to be an effective treatment for the CCP Virus) to their patients
he won't wear a mask, but he'll take a drug that hasn't even proven to cure the virus that he doesn't even have the president is the dumbest person alive  …
Now trump says he hasn't seen anything like this virus. Same trump who told elderly to fly and people to go out. Told you this was no worse than a cold and would disappear few weeks ago. I can't watch presidential briefings anymore. Worthless.
"On Friday, we stood up a formal convalescent plasma program. We have a great deal of enthusiasm for that. There are some reports that this is of benefit to patients in other countries who have had the #COVID19 virus." – 
I'm curious, what you think about this powerful thought provoking video? Do you agree or is it far down a rabbit hole, that should be left alone now in America. Virus should be our only focus now which is understandable.Please leave  on this! 
Virus Corona: Bantuan Alat Medis 'From Russia with Love'  #vivanews
Thank you Sir for recognising and raising this issue...The effect of virus will subside, but hatred will cause damage for a much longer term...  …
He’s watching @NYGovCuomo briefings. The praise he’s getting. The leadership he’s projecting. The support he’s getting. Most of all the coverage he’s getting. It’s eating him inside. Like a virus.
year 2050: a virus wipes out 90% of the population Year 2051: AI enslaves the survivors Year 2052: John Connor, a former neteng at a VAR, shuts down AI thanks to his secret weapon; CLI Year 2080: tweets defending the need for the CLI are still popping up
Maybe Jared can negotiate a 24-hour cease-fire with the virus for Easter?
Friendly reminder that tomorrow Sunday April 5th is Palm Sunday. Corona virus has overshadowed the world.
BEWARE - There is still no cure for COVID-19. What doctors do is to treat patient specific symptoms and give you drugs which help your immune system to identify and fight the virus and if breathing issues arise, patient will need a ventilator to breath while been treated.
Hey, did everyone hear that Captain Crusty docked a nuclear carrier in Vietnam during a pandemic? Let sailors off the ship to pick up the virus and return to contaminate the ship? How is that not negligent, or worse? When is the court martial?
Gov. Gavin Newsom said California will significantly increase COVID-19 testing capabilities, adding that he “owns” testing lapses in the state that have made it difficult to track the deadly virus:  
If Corona Virus keeps the NFL  back in the fall, the one upside to that heartbreak is that the Kansas City Chiefs would technically be Super Bowl champions two years in a row #ChiefsKingdom
“In the  outside of New York, approximately 10 percent of the swabs submitted are positive. So, the virus is everywhere. And in New York, we know that we are in the #exponential growth phase of the  …
Prisoner dies in cell, COVID-19 virus spreads to 200 inmates in Michigan.  …
BREAKING: Health Minister Dr. Duane Sands just confirmed that Grand Bahama has recorded its first COVID-19 related death. So far, four people have died as a result of the virus in The Bahamas. The previous deaths were recorded on New Providence and Bimini.
So you're yell me if I violate the stay at home order I can be arrested but you're letting criminals out of jail so they don't get the ChiNa virus. Makes since to me.
Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus’ Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data 
Due to the quarantine native lumberjacks have returned to campus. Truly a beautiful site, we are the VIRUS 
Pence. The stories are incredibly moving of what healthcare workers are doing. Not only are they giving treatment but they are stepping up to be alternatives to family that can't be there due to how this virus works. Tomorrow is palm sunday and holy week. Pray for healthcare
Actually kind of a deep point. You wear a mask in an untrusted environment. You can’t trust everyone around you not to have the virus. You take off the mask in a trusted environment, like a home or green zone. You can trust everyone around you doesn’t have the virus.
#BREAKING: After three weeks of seeing new COVID-19 cases in the county every day, the San Luis Obispo County Public Health Department is reporting no new confirmed cases of the virus as of Saturday afternoon. The total remains at 93 cases.  …
Spaghetti, cats, look over there, rabbits lay colored eggs, carpet, the tooth fairy, shoes, virus, never seen anything like it, grass, look at the sun, will end soon, my knee, go back to work, water...big water, hop scotch, many said, sir, frogs, vampires. Trump press conference
Uhm, I just went to the nearby Texas town to get some seeds and potting soil and no one is doing the "social distance" thing or even acting like anything ever happened and there isn't a single case of that Gates Virus anywhere! I only saw one old woman with a face mask. Hmm...
@realDonaldTrump is KEEPING AMERICA SAFE And we WILL RECOVER this #Wuhan virus shutdown only strengthens our resolve Four More Years #Trump2020Landslide 
Munish Thakur: Since China is also hit by the virus, the supply of raw materials is badly affected due to which prices of medicines have gone up. The domestic supply of raw materials is low as 50% of trucks are plying on roads due to the lockdown.  …
twitter: this quarantine/virus needs to end. i got places to be and people to see. in reality: i just have to go to work and only hang out with someone once every week.
This weekend. Hard not to be SO mad at this virus! And to feel sadness for our amazing @GonzagaBulldogs. All the same, these days are teaching us not to take anything for granted; And today, I am grateful for the seasons we had. Thank you, @ZagMBB & @ZagWBB Always #1 
This. People will say this virus does not discriminate but we live in a society that does so everything, even this virus, affects people differently based on privilege + systemic racism.  …
Yesterday, Trump said he will NOT be wearing a mask, even though the CDC  it. But he does want to try an experimental treatment for a virus he says he doesn't have. Just to try it out.  …
People are still out there spreading the virus and telling themselves that they're being safe because they followed some rule of thumb. It doesn't work like that. Stay home, folks.
Immunologist says hes engineered neutralizing antibodies that block the virus Virus has a ring of spikes it uses to invade cells Identified super potent antibodies that block those spikes making it non infectious @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
Shouldnt 600 deaths in KY in ONE clinic JUST THIS MONTH scare you to death??? It wasn't a virus, it was abortions!!! #priorities
Too bad journo-dunks on Trump don't cure the virus.  …
Please refrain from SEX this #COVIDー19 season. Social Distancing is Imperative. Let's help one another, let's save lives. Let's stop the spread of the virus
Ron, the President is different in that (A) people  into contact with him have their temperatures taken and (B) people are now being tested for the virus onsite (ex. oil execs yesterday).
#StayAtHome If I survive this Corona virus war, I promise you life Delete my remaining number of lives I will live all over again !!!! Good night 
There are 3 fundraisers for the  , onebased in Somaliland led by Edna Adan Ismail one organised by Marwa Jama based in the UK and one by Dr Madar based based in the US. It’s now more important than ever to join forces &fight this virus from all angles
Wow Trump, who says he tested negative for virus twice, says he may start take hydroxychloroquine, anti-malaria drug he thinks may be a "game changer" for treating coronavirus. He said: "I may take it. I have to ask my doctors about that." (No FDA approved treatment for virus)
A lot of friends of mine are going on "social distancing walks" where they hang out together but stay 6 feet apart. I don't think this is safe, even with a mask. This virus is spread by people talking at each other's faces, and 6 feet isn't enough if you're talking at each other.
One of the deaths in Florida is that of Broward Sheriff Deputy Shannon Bennett who, at 39, may be the youngest in the state to succumb to COVID-19. Including Bennett, Broward lost nine more people to bring its total to 31 deaths from the virus.  …
The guy who shits all over the Constitution like it’s his job, now wants to use it to make people think it’s their unalienable right to spread a deadly virus because it’s unconstitutional to make them stay home. FFS.  …
SUNDAY TIMES: Queen calls on nation to be strong as virus strikes medics 
Because a virus discriminates?  … via @BreitbartNews
Can I ask is that nurse in NY, Louisiana, Michigan, or one of the other hot spots right now? A member of my family in NY has this awful virus and cannot get into a hospital despite the fact they are having difficulty breathing. Have some fucking empathy.
Threat of catastrophe stalks developing world «if we need an example of what the lack of multilateralism looks like, we’re seeing it today » « if one of us has the virus, all of us have it »  …
We need a people's program to fight the virus!  …
Twitter even forced The Federalist to remove a tweet for spreading misinfo on the virus.  …
I know I'm a few minutes behind, but... When @realDonaldTrump answered the reporter, saying: "We have a thing called the Constitution..." I LITERALLY laughed out loud! The media seems to really wanna wallow in this virus thing. What's so wrong with LOOKING forward?
Because the whistleblower harmed him personally... the virus hasn’t so he could give a sh*t about it
This is great news for Arizona. It’ll bring more resources to our state as we fight this virus, save lives and protect Arizona’s economy. #StayAtHome  …
NEW: Tulare County reports five people have now died from COVID-19 in the county. They have 107 total cases, up 26 today. They also report five patients have now recovered from the virus. 
Dr. Fauci has just -- politely -- but clearly dismissed the President's sterling endorsement of a lupus drug for virus, saying serious tests needed. President steps right up to microphone and repeats his endorsement, refers to "a rumor out there" its effective. Whackadoodle.
This is the really bad conclusions people draw from media hysterics. NOBODY is estimating 8 million deaths in US from the virus, but media's misleading hysterics on this has led well-meaning people to conclude exactly that.  …
This virus awakens us that laws are in place  suppress the will of the people, should the government deem it's in the "Best Interests" of the "People." It behooves us all to remember, that disarming a populace only falls within the best interests of a "government."
Capt Crozier, who was applauded by sailors Fri., warned that crew was at risk from virus. Trump said: "I thought it looked terrible what he did to write a letter. This is not a class on literature...He shouldn't be talking that way in a letter. He could call & ask & suggest."
After the virus was controlled in China. The markets for the animals that caused the virus returned to sell the animals again. The question for China is, did you not learn the lesson? Do you want to eliminate humanity? 
Honestly something definitely must be up like in no other era so many things have leaked. We had the lead single, pics of the video, the babylon snippet, the album cover, release dates like it's all leaking. It's so sad how this is turning out, adding also the virus to the fuel 
I wonder if anti-vaxxers use anti-virus software?
Ok, prove to me that 100% of the NYC COVID-19 deaths can be directly attributed to the virus. You can't because they aren't. If it is like Italy, only 12% are. I don't know about you, but I'm not a fan of being scammed with fake stats.
This virus has been a divine intervention for animals everywhere - check out the sheep in Wales. 
my dad has been working for 30+ years at ford  on the assembly line as an electrician. He finallyyyy bought himself a mustang and has been “souping it up” ..says he’s gonna get a vanity plate that reads “the virus”
@RealBlackCoffee THANK YOU BLACK COFFEE!!!!!!!! You've raised 75 thousand rands so far, just today only for SA's Solidarity Fund to assist with the Corona Virus. Bless you grootman', dope set King 
Trump fired our pandemic response team in 2018; He ignored ominous warnings in Intel reports about a deadly virus spreading outside of China in Jan; He delayed testing betw Jan & March. He failed to make critical preparations, including protecting our frontline medical heroes.  …
Trump justifies firing of Captain Crozier, captain who sounded alarm about coronavirus on his ship, because only about 10 percent of people aboard had the virus. Trump also claims it was "inappropriate" for Crozier to publicize the situation. 
Come in the evening when the virus is calm
Liberal elites live in the most insulated bubble. There is a virus killing a thousand people today, their savior Joe Biden is defending private health insurance and they want to deplatform and ostracize anyone who doesn’t fall in line behind their corporate uninspiring candidate
It's not distancing that is the problem it's surfaces, the virus lasts from hours to days on surfaces. Watch the piece of paper you touch, your credit card, the milk carton, the to go bag, your mailbox, packages that are delivered, doorknobs, gas pumps, keyboard for your pin #..
" It’s not a good look for media outlets to again fall in line with the  out of China, a country whose officials have also accused the US Army of engineering the virus and releasing it into Wuhan." By  …
"It’s a curious feature of this virus-convulsed world that the people classified as essential are being treated as expendable."  …
In lockdown& STILL getting irritated by people without brain cells?I think for countries to be LOCKED DOWN,universities/schools/colleges to be shut,more or less every business to be shut&people’s family members dying PROVES the virus is real? How thick can u be we are living this
"The risk of there being resurgence is real" says Dr. Fauci on the virus.
Thank you, WA state! Fox News sued for acting “in bad faith by disseminating false information about the novel coronavirus through its television news broadcasts and minimized the danger posed by the virus as COVID-19 began to explode into a pandemic.”  …
So worldwide we have the naughty virus going around. Here are some handy hints and tips. Stay safe everyone. Anipals CANNOT spread it around but can spread other stuff, so hug your humans and both wash your paws after #StaySafe 
According to Iran &China's statistical model, America has 219 deaths of Corona & 2225 people who've contacted the virus. The stat provided was based on Iran and China's model and we gave the higher ratio. And now if this stat is wrong, #China, #Russia & #Iran need be 
Trump endorses the Navy decision to fire the aircraft carrier captain who pleaded for help for his virus-stricken crew. "I thought it was terrible what he did."
Can confirm that in Ohio nurses have been “called off” due to census being so low. No virus in my county and no elective procedures. They are waiting for the storm.
Honestly can't wait for every newspaper in Scotland to die. Hope the virus pushes them all over the fiscal edge. Fucking sewer trash.
Oh God, i will strongly suggest hospital workers restrategize. They have to assume all new intakes are infected with the virus. Especially those in ER. Nigerians are wicked. Very wicked people, all they have in their heads is wishing Buhari dead as if they are better than him.
ANNOUNCEMENT So, we can't make the virus go away, but we can still have fun until it does. Whilst staying safe. HOW? With a sick lineup, 1 on 1 chats with your fav talent, panels and more. It's new, it's shiny, it's safe, it's @homeconofficial  
Trump is now not only dumping on the captain of the Roosevelt, but implying that somehow things on his ship were bad because he let a bunch of people catch the virus in Vietnam.
Trump just praised The Federalist's coronavirus press conference. The Federalist has been a hotbed of coronavirus conspiracy theories, advising people to deliberately get infected with the virus.  …
The president on USS Theodore Roosevelt/virus infection, removal of Capt Crozier. "I don't know much about it" and then "I thought it was terrible what he did" on Crozier writing letter publicly. I agree with their decision.
The CDC is  general public to use cloth masks so medical professionals who are actually 100% in contact with the virus have access to the n95 masks.
WHY ARE PEOPLE STILL MEETING UP!!! Its not about you anymore its who and what you’re having an impact on, my grandma died today and we cant even have a funeral and the longer people prolong the virus the more people are going to be in similar situations as my family, STAY AT HOME
More evidence deaths from something other than #coronavirus are being attributed to the virus. The actual "excess deaths" (medical term for deaths caused by a disease that would not have occurred but for the disease) will likely be much lower than models forecast.  …
Kenneth Copeland is at it again. This time he's trying to BLOW away the virus! 
Dr. Birx: As the President said, he is concerned about every person succumbing to this virus. I beg to differ, Dr. Birx, but Trump did NOT say that! Trump interrupts: BREAKING news last night Joe Biden said I did a great job stopping China from flying in. #StopAiringTrumpNow
TDS is a terrible virus. In infects the heart and mind.
Wow. This is the Westfalenstadion, Dortmund today where the native bird species has started to return for the first time in 20 years. The earth is healing, we are the virus! 
Great photo but lousy news, that #MarianneFaithfull is in hospital fighting the #virus. She's a real warrior, so I hope she wins this battle soon. I'll be cheering her on and hope you will be too.  …
Washington State & California are seeing success in containing the virus specifically because they disregarded Trump's ignorant misinformation.
Trump didn’t take the virus seriously. Now its running rampant through the USA. The rest of the world will have to isolate themselves from them for who knows show many years. Trump can go screw himself bcs he will undoubtedly need Canada’s help at some point. Lets wait for it.  …
If CCP has been honest and transparent about the virus, it would have, sua sponte, stopped all outbound flights to the U.S. and other countries.  …
543). Mar1993. X-Force vs War Machine! And the first ever (I think) death from the Legacy Virus... 
'XR’s leaders have said many times that they want to abolish parliament and capitalism...The virus’s leap from animals to humans at a Wuhan wetmarket has nothing to do with global warming, but XR thinks the pandemic is Gaia’s punishment' -  …
Just heard from a friend in Damascus re the virus - it’s very tough there - please keep praying for the Syrian people!
This  madness and Trump and his family being involved in distributing medical equipment for the virus response are actively responsible for the death of many people. Do not forget this in November. Sources at the end of thread.  …
President Trump is going to look at the data on all sides and open the country back up when he feels like we are ready to. All this data changes every 1-2 weeks because that's how long it takes this stupid freaking virus to infect people. I trust him 100 percent on all of this.  …
Thank you to President @realDonaldTrump for approving Nebraska’s disaster request. Nebraskans  together to win the war against the virus, and this declaration will help our state fulfilling that mission.  …
Gov. Stitt extended his executive order to close non-essential businesses to all 77 counties through April 30. However, that’s not enough. To slow the virus’s spread and give our health systems the resources to respond, Stitt should issue a statewide stay-at-home order. @OKPolicy
People are dying & instead of getting updates about how  this virus, possible vaccines & other pertinent information needed, we have to listen to his incoherent babbling & ludicrous lies. This is not what President’s do!
Today I reached out to my Trump supporting family members (I no longer speak to) and told them that if my children get this virus, I’m holding each and every one of them responsible. I ain’t fvcking around anymore. Mom is PISSED!!!
Scumbags Steal Masks US is accused of “piracy” after diverting shipment of masks meant for German police, and outbidding countries in an increasingly fraught global market for virus protective equipment. 200,000 masks were diverted while transferred between planes in Thailand. 
In New York’s Rikers Island, the virus spread very quickly because the people incarcerated there live in close quarters and don’t have access to soap and water. As a result, the infection rate is four times higher there than in the state at large. 
First case was in December... A few weeks later he imposed a travel ban. A month after that @SpeakerPelosi was telling everyone to go to Chinatown that the Chinese virus wasn't an issue. There are videos of that. Is that the narrative you idiots think is going to work?  …
I’ll kick that virus’s ass  …
THIS IS MADNESS! Patient relatives have done it again. 3 patients have tested positive for Coronavirus. 1 of them is dead. ALL of them  back from Europe and have exposed health workers to the virus. Right now, 25 doctors have now gone into isolation in UBTH Benin.
In GB, most affected by the Corona virus district is Nagar, there are no people nearby. Hospitals have no protective equipment. The doctor is crying. Where is the relief equipment going? These people  out on the road and protests are continuing in #Nagar 
During the first half of January, no passengers from China were screened for potential exposure to the virus at a time when it was little understood.
To my Biden supporter friends who want to know what Bernie's plans are in responding to corona virus: Here is a link. Please let me know what Joe's plans are. Or he could just debate Bernie on this issue.  …
Trump must balance health & economic concerns putting him in conflict with doctors & economists Keeping the economy shut down indefinitely will have far greater neg impact on life & health than this virus ever could Thankfully we have a leader who is bold enough to stand alone!
If these prisoners are all sick or potential carriers, is it a good idea to send them home where their families are healthy or quarantined if they have immune system issues? Is every prisoner local so they can just go straight home and not expose anyone else to the virus?  …
 in favor of many of the state lockdowns, but against a national lockdown. There are many places in the US that are not in a dire enough place with this virus that they need to destroy people’s livelihoods to save lives. Federalism is a + in this crisis, not a -.
hey y’all, i’m gonna be sewing masks for anyone who doesn’t have access to any during this virus mess. if you or anyone you know needs one dm me & i’ll make them free of cost ! i’ll be accepting donations which will be going towards feeding the elderly & lower  families !
i wonder if gypsee rose had corona virus
First they were worried about slow spreading of corona virus in Africa now they wanna test #vaccine in 
Don’t need vitamins if your 6 feet under because your body failed to fight a virus everyone warned you about. But you fancied a bit of a sunbathe and caught it off somebody else who just wanted to sunbathe as there was no room in the park as everybody else also thought it was ok.
“It was a perfect transcript. It was a perfect call.” At a daily briefing about a virus that’s already killed more than 8,000 Americans and has left millions and millions of Americans out of work. He’s an unfit ass. If you vote for four more years of this, you’re an idiot.
There are three ways we can get our lives and economies back: the Italian way (accept the virus and let the elderly and medical professionals die off), the Asian/Central European way (make everybody wear masks), or the deus ex machina way (wait for a vaccine)  …
How long between when a person is exposed to the virus and when they start showing symptoms? #HarvardHealth experts  questions about the coronavirus.  
Just feels like we created the nation that we wanted. Our aggressive indifference and outright hostility to the welfare of others orders our culture. The virus, by revealing that we are all connected, exploits our indifference to others like an Achilles heel.
Altogether please: the virus makes the timeline. Not the sports calendar. Not Roger Goodell. Not Dana White. Not this orange jackass who destroyed the USFL.
They are Republicans...the virus only affects humans...
If you have evidence that it's a grass-burrowing virus that leaps out at unexpecting people, I'd  that you share it with Public Health England.
"Yay. The Chinese virus ruined the good fortune of Americans. That'll teach them! #OrangeManBad" -Washington Post #EnemyOfThePeople
Isn’t it pretty simple to understand that having  over is not social distancing? It’s careless. It’s rude to those who are working tirelessly to treat this virus and prevent its spread and quite frankly you look stupid. You’re NOT the execption to the rule. Do better!
BREAKING NEWS NYT reports @realDonaldTrump caught red handed trying to steal Statue of Liberty from NY harbor during Corona Virus outbreak! 
At this moment, we should be at the beach house, sipping a glass of wine on the balcony gazing out at the ocean. Not fond of you Chinese virus!! Not even a little tiny bit! 
In a Week Let the 60 Years Olds and UP Stay Home In areas where the Virus is Low Risk, allow Businesses to Open, Still keeping the Distance and Face Coverings Keeping everyone in Quarantine is not Realistic 20,30,40,50 Years Olds can go back to Work We can't KILL America
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Reporter: why isn't there a federal stay at home order President Trump: because there is little thing called the Constitution
A PEW Research Study shows that Dems in Congress were warning their constituents about the Coronavirus WEEKS ahead of Republicans. Sadly, there's one reason why: Congressional Republicans didn't dare dispute Trump's statement that the virus was a "hoax."
No way in hell you're gonna get 70,000 football fans at a stadium in the fall during the second virus wave. He's delusional.
Would the federal government be a back up to the states in a Military attack? Foreign nation state cyber attack? Rising flow at a border crossing? Economic crisis? Why is an attack on all of our people by a virus the same? Particularly when there is only one CDC, FEMA, FDA?  …
More, from the president, on when sports will reopen: "I can’t tell you a date, but I think it’s going to be sooner rather than later." He is guessing. Again, as Dr. Fauci said, "the virus sets the timeline." Optimism is fine, but science is what matters most.
Trump now says he never claimed the coronavirus would end in April. Here's Trump on Feb 10 saying the virus goes away in April "with the heat." Trump should be criminally charged for intentionally misleading the American public about the risk of the virus. 
It may feel like a normal April Saturday in Washington, but it's not. We need to stay hunkered down to slow this virus. For everyone's sake, stay home and stay healthy. #WeGotThisWA
Nevada Governor Sisolak Found Hoarding Coronavirus Treatment Drug Just about a week after the Trump hating Democrat Governor of Nevada limited the ability for physicians to prescribe Hydroxychloroquine to treat Corona virus patients.  …
Facts matter. I’m tired of hearing how Trump called the virus a hoax and “did nothing” until March.... So I did research. Here’s the real timeline of what happened (all of this BEFORE we had even one death in the US) : 1/6 CDC issues travel advisory for Wuhan.
How much should we allow our response to the virus adversely to impact on other life-saving services such as cancer treatment and cardiac care? @ProfKarolSikora for the  …
Comparing a global virus to 9/11,  #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #ThisIsWhyHeWon
just did the perfect parallel park and there was hardly anyone around to see it has this virus not taken enough from me?
#vaccine the virus we have is Bill Gates not Corona. Your media have been pay to updates you rubbish about #PandemicCovid19 
Stopping the virus with the full brunt of the law In NSW, you can be fined up to $11,000 - or sent to prison for six months - for leaving the house without one of 16 prescribed "reasonable excuses  … via @smh
trump calls to open nation up as virus deaths soar "Fans want to go out to GOLF COURSES..." "...I think we'll open it very soon..." He's really going off the rails. "people want to sit close together in restaurants. The air will not kill them..." OMG it's like SNL only true
We have seen many numbers of who has this virus, who has survived and worst of all who has died. That number hit home to us here as retired Sgt. JJ Smith lost his battle to COVID-19 overnight. His wife Gloria passed from COVID-19 just last week. 
Contrast with Trump, at the podium repeatedly talking about reopening the country "sooner rather than later" and offering his "cure can't be worse than the virus" slogan. And suggesting a return to the gathering in football stadiums: "We're going to be back in good health soon."  …
just found out objects cant get corona virus thank god im a woman
708 people have died today in the UK from Coronavirus. Including a 5year old child. If you need a good way to picture it: 708 people dying in 24 hours is the equivalent of 3 plane crashes in one day. Please, this virus is NOT a joke Stay alert. Stay safe. Stay home. I beg you.
The education world lost a friend, colleague, and an equity warrior! RIH Dr. Erick Witherspoon ⁦ @GenerationReady⁩ So sad! This virus is no joke. #stayhome 
Important=> The dose of virus exposure correlates with severity of disease. It explains why young healthy EMTs and other front line health care providers are getting severely sick from COVID-19. Add homemade #Masks4All to reduce spread AND  …
You're telling me bus drivers are dying just so you can go in brockwell Park and spread more virus?
Trump again pushing Chloroquine: "I'll just speak for myself," (Because the doctors DO NOT agree) "It's also a drug for Lupus ... There's a study out that people with Lupus aren't catching this horrible virus ... Maybe that's correct, maybe that's false." 
The Final Four was supposed to be today, but it was canceled because of a virus. In 2014, it was not canceled because of a virus. 
Dutch, German Mosques Play Adhan as Gesture of Support for Muslims amid Coronavirus Pandemic Meanwhile, in the Netherlands broadcasting the adhan through speakers is growing more widespread to promote solidarity against the virus  …
The virus was manufactured in China and it hit Italy, Spain and America so hard and kills them in thousands (Subhanallah). The vaccine was made in Europe and United State of America, but they intends to tested in Africa. Kaji rainin wayoo. #AfricansAreNotGuineaPigs 
It's not republicans, democrats, or Trump's fault for the virus. We need  together and stop worrying about our political differences and beat this. I will tweet this everyday.  together as AMERICANS. I love you all. #UniteAgainstCorona. Y'all still blaming I see
Please pray for the people of New York, the city I grew up in and where my parents and siblings live, which is being hit hard by the virus. Thank you. St. Patrick's Cathedral in NYC. 
President Trump at Coronavirus Presser: We have to vanquish the virus as quickly as we can because we have a lot of things happening in this country. And we have a great future. But we have to get back to work.
Is the mitigation working? "We've seen that in Washington...Viruses transmit from people to people. When people are separated from each other the virus does not transmit...that's our most important tool"
Shatta brought his personal Doctor to talk to Ghanaians about Corona virus..Your MCM is organizing battles for obi man so! We stan Nima Buju Banton!
I just saw a electronic church sign that read “the only cure for the corona virus is the blood of Jesus. Amen. Stay safe, stay inside.” Religion is fucking stupid.
first it hits NYC and LA and Chicago, then it slowly creeps out to the rest of the country. umm what is this virus...$4 pour over coffee?!?!
The virus is not visually impressive like a tornado or volcano. It’s like the pop version of a neutron bomb: targets people, not buildings. So it’s even more of an infrastructural stress test. Ensure that the two people who know how to operate a given plant don’t both get sick.  …
This gives you an idea how many layers of protection doctors must protect themselves everyday from the corona virus.  …
if i see one more tweet about how the virus is an opportunity to be creative i'm going to tweet angrily about how if i see one more tweet about how the virus is an opportunity to be creative i'm going to tweet angrily about how if i see one more tweet about how the virus is an op
When my dad told me he had COVID19 , i wanted to cry. I see so many ppl being taken away from their families because of this virus pray for his healing please
if lady bird took place in 2020 she would be losing her virginity while kyles watching corona virus briefings on tv
400 flights; 75 countries... those countries had a big problem with the VIRUS. This is a war effort. All of that underground training the military did for the last two years was for this time. It's not going to be long, hang in there.
I hope it goes away entirely, forever, like the virus that it is and  back. Also, some/most celebrities themselves will fit that category as well. Like everyone singing that gawd awful Imagine song. Bye. Thank you for all you’re doing to make a difference, B!
A mu$lim vendor is putting his saliva on fruits to spread the virus, a cop is confronting him 
Can Trump possibly find some new excuses for his failure to address the virus? These are getting pretty old....
“People with lupus aren’t catching this horrible virus. They’re not affected by this. Maybe they are. Maybe they’re not. You’d have to check that out.” What the hell is tRump talking about? FFS.
I don’t understand  about how contagious this virus is and what a threat to our country it is, because @kayleighmcenany assured me that the president would never allow it to get to America.
The #CoronavirusPandemic is spreading rapidly in the United States. Listen to our reporters talk about the deadly #COVID-19 virus in our French-language podcast.  …
just went for a walk in san francisco, the 24oz jeans have finally returned. nature is healing, we are the virus 
Trump pushes unproven drugs that he thinks could treat coronavirus: "There's a study out that people with lupus aren't catching this horrible virus ... maybe that's correct, maybe that's false. You're gonna have to check it out." 
the press keeps swinging and missing trying to explain why Trump ordered govt to stand down for virus invasion press refuses to address the truly dangerous, un-American ways of Trump;  …
If you don’t have a garden, just chill outside your front door. This virus really isn’t a joke to be risking infection to go “chill in the park for a bit”.
Brazil’s virus hotspot goes it alone, dismissing Bolsonaro 
Saturday Drive through the Virus Silence: #COVID19 #CarSpotter 
Donald Trump pretending to be a doctor: “I’ll speak for myself ... Hydroxychloroquine is a drug they use to treat lupus. It could be a game changer. I heard people with lupus aren’t as effected by the virus. Maybe that's true, maybe that's false, you'll have to check it out.”
This virus sucks. I miss y’all...
In Northern Italy, 60 volunteers who thought they'd never suffered COVID-19 gave blood. 40 of them tested positive for antibodies to the virus. Live updates & more on 
Trump is the WORST president in U.S. history. He knew about Corona virus. He knew it  They had the facts. The writing was on the wall. He chose to not act. He chose to not prepare our country. He chose to let down the American people and jeopardize millions of lives.
40,000 Americans brought home from overseas. Thanks American people for their sacrifices. It's not pleasant. Keep following the guidelines. This virus is very contagious. This won't be long. Keep it going for a little while longer.
I’m waiting for you to provide even one fact to back up your ignorant statements. Also, instead of blaming our President.. why don’t you point the finger at China who lied to the world about this virus. 95% of cases could’ve been avoided if China acted ethically.
"Church, this is our greatest calling right now: to be people who humble ourselves--recognizing we don’t have all the solutions to a virus--but also proclaiming that we do have the ultimate solution to humanity’s greatest disease of sin...and his name is Jesus." @curtisandrusko
Have zero recollection of widespread blaming Obama for 12,469 Americans killed by the H1N1 virus in 2009.
I’m so ready to hear some GOOD NEWS regarding this Virus!
EFFIN' WHAT?! Orange Gremlin just said there's "a story out there" that "people with #lupus aren't catching the virus" because of #Hydroxychloroquine. No source, told people to "look it up." THIS IS NOT TRUE. POTUS is the one spreading "fake news." This is dangerous. #COVID19
Corona Virus Coping Meeting Notes from last night #BoomRadio @Hurricane_Stacy @Littleelvis40 @CateDailyBoom @MikeDeAngelis @OuchYOMH @HammerDownHard1 @SIOLoudcast @BrexleyReese @RealTommyAlaska @tcgigliotti @italiajohnny85 @johnpopevil @_Lypswitch_ @deesnider 
As I go to bed today, my thoughts and prayers are with all the Medical Personnel and all members of the COVID19 National Task Force that are doing their best to stop the spread of Corona Virus .
If the American press was smart, No one would show up to any white house briefings All empty chairs Because he just berates any serious questions So screw him and his bullshit Let him speak to the cameras And no people Trump needs attention like fish need water He's a virus
What are they gonna do? Shoot the virus
Trump: “There’s a study that people with lupus are not catching this virus and maybe that’s true, maybe it’s not, you’ll have to look into that for yourself” My mother died from Lupus and was on a ventilator. I want to scream. #TrumpPressConf
11 January, Taiwan detected an outbreak of a suspect virus in Chine and launched two initiatives. It closed its border and activated the mandatory stockpile of medical equipment in its hospitals, purchased after the SARS outbreak. As a result, it’s casualties are minimal.1/3
Trump says there’s a report that people with Lupus aren’t getting the virus. “Maybe it’s true, maybe it’s false. You’ll have to check it out.” This was after he began this presser by accusing media of spreading misinformation.
just found out the corona virus can’t infect objects. what a time to be a woman! amiright ladies
No body is forcing you to agree with Pastor Chris' view on Corona virus, the 5G network and the totalitarian agenda of a few power individual across the world. If you are a Christian and you read your Bible very well, you will know that all that is happening points to rapture.
If this virus had a brother. This Schiff would be the model for it.  …
The virus story is a con-job. To take away your rights. Wrest the gun from your hands. Get you chipped, tracked & injected. And drag you into medical tyranny forever. As for me? I’m mad as hell. And I’m not going to take this shit anymore! Join me. Let’s give ‘em hell.  …
Wow. This is the Drake's store in NYC, where the shop's namesake has returned. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
Trump said people with lupus are not catching the virus, then says maybe that's true, maybe that's not.
BREAKING: Confirmed COVID-19 cases in the U.S. surge past 300,000. More than 8,000 have died, and 14,459 have recovered from the virus. 
I'm less worried about the virus now and more worried about the social and economic fallout due to it.
Trump: “We have to vanquish this virus as quick as we can because we have a lot of great things happening.” Are you reassured yet, America?
Trump said “Carana-virus” while reading from the script.
Trump: We have to vanquish the virus "because we have a lot of things happening in this country and we have a great future, but we have to get back to work."
again, a virus does not give a flying fuck what you want  …
A woman in Pennsylvania was pulled over and given a citation for the crime of “going for a drive.” Because apparently, you might transmit the virus while driving down the road in your own car alone. You really have to be a brain dead bootlicker to defend this stuff.
FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago WHO IS DR. FAUCI, REALLY? I MEAN REALLY?In 2017 he said .⁦ @POTUS⁩ would have deal with a virus. How did he know that? Was this planned? He & Byrx are connected to Bill Gates, too!  …
Want to know how the Virus got out of China? How China got away with lying about it? Why we now have over 300,000 cases in America? It is  totally, 100% Trump's fault. All of it. Shout from you balconies: Trump must go. Vox populi vox dei.  …
President Trump has said repeatedly “ WE HAVE TO OPEN our COUNTRY “ “ WE WERE NOT BUILT FOR THIS “ So to all of you people talking about how deadly this virus is, the President is saying we can’t do this. Meaning it’s not as deadly as you claim it to be else we would stay closed.
Finns Warned World's Best-Funded Welfare State Collapsing Under Virus-Triggered Mass Unemployment | Zero Hedge Finns who cannot receive benefits in time will lose faith in the government, and that could be the moment when social unrest follows.  …
Yes, because he totally could have foreseen a virus foisted on the world via China. Good take dude.
It is a shame what Black men have to consider. In their attempts to survive the virus, their survival can lead to their criminalization & death by the police. The anti-ethical dilemma of the Black Male.  …
It’s crazy the amount of people that hit me up telling me they have corona virus and asking what to do. For those scared to hit me, if your young they won’t keep you in the hospital unless your going into respiratory failure (which most likely you won’t).Treat the symptoms @home
Their job is to set up online streams for the first time in their lives because of a virus? Sure let’s bring over the sound engineers during the quarantine! Makes sense!!! Great suggestion  …
The #Covid19 virus is a global issue that threatens us all, irrespective of borders and nationalities. It takes #solidarity & global cooperation to address it. In the video below we highlight fibe areas where Sweden aids the fight against the 
Trump calls New York "the hottest of all the hotspots." Of New Jersey's virus challenges, he muses that "I don't know if that's overflow...it's a crowded state also. Where you have people on top of people, it's always tough."
The ugly sad truth about this covid-19 is that it’s not going away anytime soon. So for those of you warming up to jump out from your houses after two weeks have a rethink cause it’s not happening. This virus is real and seriously deadly.
Wow. This is Ruffalo, NY today where the city’s namesake has returned for the first time since 1813. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
We need to go out in DROVES to vote in November - virus or not
Here is why Turkmenistan doesn’t have corona virus. Explained by Turkmenistan President. #Turkmenistan 
"Omit needless words," say Strunk & White. But how do we know what's needless? To give us all another break from virus news, here are four #writingtips on finding needless words, best used while self-editing drafts. 1/6
It’s no longer a secret they Democrats & the deep state are now working hand in hand with the Chinese govt. to take down America. China lied, killed doctors who tried to warn the world & allowd this virus to spread but now they are the heroes according to these traitors.  …
@rlopezcjr he is not talking about the corona virus
The Irony Is Unbelievable !!!China gives the World the Coronavirus, Chinese Virus, Rona, whatever you want to call it that’s killing people around the World and The UN puts them on the ‘Human Rights Panel’. Go Figure #KAG #UN #KAG2020  …
You can’t dick measure a virus you classless baffoons.  …
This won't prevent the virus from spreading. #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds #ResignKimReynolds
Tell me Maggie, what virus data do you think he is withholding? The number of cases, increases, deaths are reported everyday. So what, do you want a magical chart of " what if's" chart to do what with? Create mass panic hoarding for the worse case scenario based on " if's"?
British scientists have developed a test that could detect the very earliest signs that someone has been infected with the #COVID19 virus  …
We’re at war with cancer. We’re at war with drugs. We’re at war with poverty. We’re at war with a virus! Hmm... Everything you touch turns to shit. Hence: I’m skeptical.
“New” positive case numbers are not brand spanking new cases. They’re new by the fact the results finally came back. That said, a lot of these positive cases may be at the end or even done with the virus. A lot is not being conveyed properly to the public.
The ACE2 protein that SARS-CoV-2 uses as a hatch to enter & invade cells is key to regulating blood pressure, & the protein cannot do its job when the virus hijacks it first. This is one reason COVID-19 can be deadly in overweight people w high blood pressure. Hi BP =heart attack
I keep hearing people talk as though the death toll from the virus will pierce the information fog & show how disastrous RW governance is, how useless royalism & racism are when it matters. I wish I had any such faith.
They are sending them home! No corona test! My daughter is fit to be tied! They told her it was a virus and upper respiratory infection! Isn’t COVID 19 a virus and a respiratory infection? No tests! Where are the tests??
My wee grandad who was so full of life died alone in a hospital and we didn’t even get to see him or say goodbye to him please stay home and slow down the spread of this horrible virus so not as many people go through what he had to 
Mumble mumble mumble CHINER VIRUS blah blah He reads like a 5yr old
Decisions, decisions, I've been trying to figure out my China virus attire. Figure if I'm going to wear PPE and a mask, it might as well be tactical. So if you see me walking into Walmart, say hi. 
We should probably wear goggles too right, because if the virus particles can get in your nose and mouth they could get in your eyes too
This op-ed by Joe Biden shows he was taking coronavirus very seriously by Jan 27. A month later, Trump was still downplaying the virus: It's "very well under control" (Feb 25) "It's going to disappear" (Feb 28)  …
Hey I’m “stuck” in a flat with a child and MORE THAN happy to give up my sunbathing rights to help stop the spread of this deadly virus.
Cabin fever is harmful. The hundreds of millions of us who do not have this damn virus have needs, too. As long as everyone abides by social distancing guidelines, there is no harm to anyone from leaving a stressful house or apartment for a few hours. FFS.
More sick kids filled our @CovenantHouse isolation rooms this week. More staff fell ill. The virus tore thru our lives. But battle-ready Love was everywhere: the delivery of two healthy infants, the arrival of heroic staff night & day, the poster made by grateful young people. 
FACT: COVID-19 is not an airborne virus. Young people taking the frontline to disseminate relevant informations about COVID-19 within the City of Banjul. #TogetherWeCanDoIt @WHO @MohGambia @uclg_org @UNGambia @UNDP_TheGambia @UNICEFGambia @EUinTheGambia @UNFPATheGambia 
Well goodnight all. I've got an early start on @swanseasound for Heart and Soul at 7am So off to bed after some prayers for some very special people affected by this terrible virus. Stay safe everyone.
The virus never cared about the President's untruths. They couldn't stop it. And the facts, finally, broke through (tragically).  
THIS VIRUS IS CRAZY AND THIS IS A REALLY TRYING TIME, I JUST WANT TO THANK EVERY ESSEBTIAL WORKER THAT IS HELPING THIS COUNTRY WORK THROUGH THIS! YOUR EFFORTS DO NOT GO UNNOTICED THANK YOU FOR BE SO BRAVE AND STRONG! WE LOVE YOU AND ARE SO THANKFUL!
If there’s one thing we can all agree on after the Chinese Virus, it’s that Bill Gates is one of the sketchiest people out there
Trump wants his rallies back. He wants his coronation convention. He wants to say “sports came back; let’s do politics!” He will risk lives for his unrequited ego. We must RESIST to save ourselves. The virus sets the timeline - not the narcissist in chief.  …
Who’s the Ukraine Whistleblower? What is COVID-19 really all about? When was the virus actually released? Where did the virus originate from? Why haven’t Hillary’s 33K emails surfaced? Is the tie China? Soon we shall know.
Last year NY passed that demonic abortion law & I told my husband if the place of my birth didnt repent all hell was going to break loose and it's now the epicenter of this virus! They can say it's due to any number of reasons but they played a game with God and lost!
Your 5G spectrum/radiation is not even close to remote control spectrum/radiation at home because it's low frequency. Short distance! Far far away from your high frequency ultra violet or X-ray/ Gamma ray spectrum. Physics Students, you said radio wave caused #Covid19 VIRUS? 
Trump just accused the media of lying about and hyping the virus for “ratings.” Says the man who’s never cared about ratings, huh? He’s such an unfit ass.
Trump is a cold hearted bastard. Just not a damn hint  or caring for the people infected by this virus.
The President who was praised by some reporters for his New Tone is currently using his daily briefing to attack and blame the Fake News for inciting panic about the virus.
It’s not about creating incentives to get fans back in arenas. It’s about controlling the disease. The longer the virus spreads, the longer the economy suffers. The priorities seem backward 
When this virus is over I still want some of y’all to stay away from me.
"Having the right antibodies to the virus in one’s blood — a potential marker of immunity — may soon determine who gets to work and who does not, who is locked down and who is free."  …
After this Corona Virus lockdown, a lot of small scale businesses will be non-existent, because the meager capital has been used for feeding. It's sadden that microfinance banks would enslave some traders that have obtain loans without even knowing the meaning of interest.
Anyone else starting to go cray cray needed to get out.... As soon as we beat this virus I’m going on vacation!
The Democrat News & politicians who are politicizing & fear mongering over the Corona Virus are the ones who are making it clear they don’t see it as a real Crisis. No one who loves America & Americans would spend their time doing that instead of encouraging & helping Americans.
Wow. This is Buffalo, NY today where the city’s namesake has returned for the first time since 1813. The earth is healing, we are the virus 
They know--but the agenda is blaming Trump for the virus.
Just for the record, the Covid-19 virus has spread rapidly in virtual all areas where a lockdown has not been mandated. The lesson learned is that ignoring scientists, doctors and public health experts is a very bad idea. Yet 9 GOP governors persist to this day.
This virus and lockdown has really changed me as a person-made me realise how precious life is and how much being on bad terms with people is so not worth it, literally 90% of the problems I thought I had are so irrelevant and I’m so over it
I really want him to say “it is what is it innit” to my mum who I haven’t seen in three weeks as she’s been working around the clock treating patients with the virus 
Pastor Chris, healing minister that hasn’t healed a single victim of Coronavirus is carrying marker to explain 5G technology and Coronavirus to you and you’re taking his story ahead of virus  experts. You’ve tested positive for being a human starfish.
Folks..use your mind..Viruses are not contagious..they are not alive..bacterial (common cold) and fungal infections can be contagious..only way to transfer a virus is by injection..go outside..get some sunshine..relax..please watch the video 
#MasksSaveLives Stunning capture at 2000 frames per second by an MIT scientist shows that a human sneeze can travel upto 26 feet. Each sneeze contains 40,000 droplets and millions of virus particles. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
So glad to know Chuck Billy & Steve DIGiorgio my buds from ⁦ @testament⁩ are feeling better from this horrible virus. Our drummer ⁦ @bjarzombek⁩ brother Ralph is also recuperating. great news #SongOfTheDay You Don’t Understand 
Those claiming the planet is improved by a reduction in the population should be in full support of capitalism, which is killing more each year than any virus could ever hope to. #COVID2019  …
As we try to control the virus and keep people safe, we need to think about our privacy—and how much we're willing to give up. 
Everyone doing okay tonight? Massive uphill  over next week or so. Praying for all our frontline staff, families of each and everyone who has lost a loved one and for all who are battling this awful virus! Stay safe #COVID19ireland
1/ Ivermectin: This is  used drug and was tested in vitro (outside of living organisms - in a cell culture) on #COVID19. "A single treatment able to effect ∼5000-fold reduction in virus at 48h in cell culture" 
Bill Gates always worried about the population growth, wonder wats on his mind now that the virus is killing at a faster rate. 
i really pray the virus doesn’t hit africa as hard bc not only do we not have resources there but the entire world will sacrifice us as guinea pigs while continuing to deplete our natural resources if they can.
Bernie Bots are a virus @votekamala @notcapnamerica @blackwomenviews spread the word that “ @dilemmv” might be dead.
"In a perverse -- and avoidable -- twist of fate, the country that was arguably responsible for the virus' spread because of its attempts to cover up the initial outbreak is now the one best positioned to profit from its fatal impact," writes 
If this shoddie get the virus di3 then me too I get be that oo cos hmmm
The best estimate currently is 1 in 4 carriers are asymptomatic. These are the people that are spreading the virus. These people are us.
BTW - a socipath is like a virus and I'm not kidding. The way to shut them down is to Stop Giving Them Air. That is the ONLY way. If the are a close family member, stop giving them air & have a mental hospital pamphlet when they are in crisis. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.
This virus has claimed so many lives and yet people are still going out to chill with their friends ???
Yet WHO notified everyone Dec 31, 2019. Covid19 gets its name from Coronavirus 2019 That's the virus. The disease it produces is Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome aka SARS
Important - the countries that seem to be beating corona virus have something  
I just went to the biggest hospital in pgh. Parking lot is empty and I talked to a nurse. She said the hospital laid off 3/4 of staff. No virus patients. Doctors are pissed off they are losing there practices Upmc shadyside. #MAGA #coronavirus @realDonaldTrump
I'm a strong person. Emotionally balanced, clear thinker, man of faith with a  that points true north. That said, I feel my walls crack in spite of a strong foundation. I fear for those less fortunate who trust government. We'll see deaths rise & not from the virus
May this virus not touch you and your household in Jesus’s Name!! Amen!!
Suspected SARS Virus & Flu Samples Found in Luggage: FBI Report Describes China’s Bio-security Threat  …
This is the most utterly horrifying thing. When I wrote weeks ago about how I thought this virus would play out in the USA, it was their pay-for-health system & lack of sick pay that worried me. It didn’t even occur to me they wouldn’t use the national stockpile as intended.  …
Also, pls don't ask Native people to be your only conduit to info about how this virus is affecting us. Read up like you would about everything else that's important. I'm terrified for my people right now. I'm sick & in quarantine & am still safer than a lot of folks on the rez.
This is an important piece about why just following growth in positive cases doesn’t really tell us if the virus is being contained. Unfortunately, it leaves a gaping hole in the vital need for some metric for all to follow. @NateSilver538 is a part   …
Most interesting thing I've noticed throughout this crisis is despite the HUGE numbers of "BAME" people working for the NHS as nurses and doctors... They are almost invisible... The only time we see and hear of them is when they have fallen victim to this virus and have died.  …
It's astonishing that during a pandemic, when public health experts are warning that cities need 2 lower their jail populations 2 prevent the virus from spreading far quicker than hospital systems can handle, Cuomo changes the law 2 send more people 2 jail  …
The Corona virus crisis has led me to take growing food more seriously. Weening ourselves off of fragile global supply chains can insulate from disruptions. Hopefully I’ll be able to supplement my and my neighbor’s produce supply. 
Read on @daily_nigerian that the Bauchi State Governor, H.E. Bala Mohammed has tested negative for #COVID19, two weeks after testing positive for the virus. More and more recoveries!
You mean the #Chinese virus that allegedly originated in #China? #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseCoronaVirus #ChineseVirus Oh and by the way... #NancyLiedPeopleDied Photo of Nancy in #chinatown on 2/24 inviting the public to join 
BREAKING: Confirmed COVID-19 cases in the United States surge past 300,000, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. More than 8,000 have died, and 14,459 have recovered from the virus. 
American lives are in China's hands. "In a perverse -- and avoidable -- twist of fate, the country that was arguably responsible for the virus' spread ... is now the one best positioned to profit from its fatal impact."  … via @CNN
Beautiful. Thanks to quarantine, our planet is healing. Maybe humans were the real virus all along 
I don’t understand why they’re not testing this vaccines in Italy, the epicenter of this corona virus and they want to test them on Africans. We are not lab rats. Go to Italy or where the  from. Africa is not a jungle! #AfricansAreNotLabRats 
This virus is exposing the difference between those who care for others and take due account of decisions made by informed and qualified people - and those who are just thick.
Our President has  to stepping up efforts to fight this Virus! WaPo’s, Kessler has written several falsehoods attributing the statements to the President & Dr Fauci. WaPo, get your fact straight & stop lying  …
You are despicable. You have absolutely no regard for those poor NHS staff suffering, putting their own lives at risk day in day out and the poor unsuspecting public being given this virus by people swanning around and sunbathing. I hope the rain gods exist and make it rain!
Maybe Trump's term #ChineseVirus has broader meaning. So much evidence of Dem treasonous collusion with CCP, suspicion virus release was an act of biological & economic warfare, military op at sea, NG all over US...feels like we're on war footing. #Q  
The whole thing is incredible: “Regardless, between the virus warnings and her dislike of sick people as well as her long-seeded dislike of people from overseas, President Meyer sprung into action.”   …
Sunbathing is a good thing. 1/ The virus is killed by the UV in sunlight. 2/ Sunbathing results in increased vitamin D in the body, which is (possibly) beneficial  a CV19 infection. If they don't have access to a garden, where can people sunbathe?
That's why I was so mad when Americans first started to "honor" Li Wenliang. Before his death, Americans were going off about "backward Chinese culture & society", justifying the virus. The only Chinese people they care about are those they can use to push their anti-China agenda  …
Covid-19 ..IVE GOT IT! .. not The virus ..The reason! A unstoppable financial crash is imminent and to reset a new world currency with a poor exchange rate to devalue your worth. It’s going to happen Easter bank holiday, the “virus” is a distraction.  …
Zizek argues against the idea the virus is an elitist plot for the simple reason that our capitalist elites need capitalism to function as the elites  …
The only official fired over the virus? A captain who tried to protect his crew.  …
I am laughing right now, sorry, but it is the sort of thing l would do with my kids. I am 75, they are 56, 52 and 41 but still my babies who need protection. They don't want to be responsible if you catch the virus doing something for them. They love you that much. 
We live every step ahead of foreign India, the #PrimeMinister of India announced to light a lamp, but before that, we were burned and we won. You have to drive away the #Islamic_virus. India will also conquer the #VirusChinese. 
Really? We are in the midst of a global pandemic. This is in no way analogous to the apartheid regime. Stop trying to score petty political points and LEAD us, so that we can beat this virus quickly, save lives and get our economy back, FAST. Sewing dissent is unhelpful.
This virus bs is out of hand 
Carole Baskin created the virus to hide the fact she killed her husband
It took a virus to take down a disease. Bye bye Donnie.... #TrumpGenocide #TrumpPressConf #coronavirus #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER #TrumpIsACompleteFailure #COVID2019
Charity stream 1-5 PM PST! Fundraising for @GlobalGiving's Corona Virus Relief efforts! Streaming with @RainCoug and @ScatterplotDog! Steam, schedule, and donation info all  …
Does sunbathing somehow make the virus extra contagious?
Russian Doctor Detained After Challenging Virus Figures 
In developed countries , the military is currently tasked with providing additional resources and support to health workers  the novel COVID-19 virus , whereas in Nigeria ........ I guess that’s a story for another day 1/2 
BREAKING: Confirmed COVID-19 cases in the United States surge past 300,000, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. More than 8,000 have died, and 14,459 have recovered from the virus. 
France has 97 virus deaths per million people, Italy has 250, and Spain has 253. Sweden has 36. Expect pressure to ramp up to get Sweden to toe the line as otherwise it might look as if all these draconian measures weren't necessary after all.
Just one state Coronavirus: New York virus deaths surge past 3,500 - BBC News  …
#SubtweetHoarders Doctor: you tested positive for corona virus Toilet paper hoarder: but I have 300 toilet paper rolls how did I get the corona virus.
lmao I’d rather get the virus than read something by Cathy Young for The Bulwark
We’re particularly blessed that, because of @realDonaldTrump, we entered the crisis with the best economy of my lifetime. With his leadership, the economic recovery will happen fast once we win the war against the virus. My @MuskogeePhoenix op-ed 
There is ZERO evidence that #COVID19 affects babies or non co-morbid kids. EVERY CASE I’ve read about and researched has had nothing to do with the virus! @NedLamont is a liar. Parents, please DO NOT WORRY!  …
Of the 20 zip codes in NYC with the lowest rate of coronavirus infections, 19 are from the wealthiest areas. How DARE you! Virus infections should be spread out evenly over all economic classes. Anything less is just unfair. Come on you rich people, take one for the team.
I don’t understand why they’re not testing this vaccines in Italy, the epicenter of this corona virus and they want to test them on Africans. We are not lab rats. Go to Italy or where the  from. Africa is not a jungle! 
Another terrorist attack here in S France earlier today leaves two dead others wounded. It is a grim reminder that the West has a mammoth task ahead of it to rebuild its defenses. Once out of this Chinese virus crisis the West must sort out who are its friends and it’s enemies.
So they spread a virus that kills tens of thousands and our Gov say thank you for them selling us 300 poxy ventilators.... I’m sorry but something ain’t right here!
"What are you going to do, shoot the virus?" is on the same intellectual level of thought as "ok boomer"
The only thing surging higher than Corana virus cases is the amount of inspirational quotes being posted on social media. #COVID2019
CAN YOU ALL PLEASE STAY THE FUCK HOME UNLESS ABSOLUTLEY NECESSARY. YOU ALL ARE THE PROBLEM. STOP GOING TO THE BEACH OR THE LAKE OR THE FUCKING STORE AND WHEREVER ELSE YOU FUCKING LOSERS ARE. BECAUSE IF THE CORONA VIRUS ISNT GONNA KILL YOUR GRANDMA, I AM.
Made in China. Same as the virus and everything else
Before Bill Gates does a single thing, he needs to explain how his vaccines can possibly help against an antibody-dependent enhanced virus with 3000+ mutations. If he can't, then we'll know he just wants to make money injecting poor kids with his fake vaccines as per usual.  …
Price they pay to keep the virus away: Shutting out family, moving to outhouse. ‘The toughest part, says the 37-year-old police officer, is when his infant son crawls towards him, and he has to shut the door on his face’.  …
Virus is doing to US what WWII did to British Empire: Destroy its Exceptionalism bubble while exposing it as a Paper Tiger abroad and a banana republic at home. Truth is Late stage capitalism has already destroyed US. Virus is just making it so all can see it. #DeathOfEmpire
DEEP DIVE: The unequal coronavirus toll — Communities of color and  families are bearing the brunt of the virus. The pain is beginning to reflect the racial and socioeconomic disparities of the cities where it's spreading.  …
The latest from the #COVID19 pandemic: The total number of cases now exceeds 1.1 million New York to receive ventilators from China and Oregon Australia sees signs of slowing the spread of the virus More than 240,000 people have recovered  …
Liberals and The China Virus Bots are throttling these dumb hashtags and trends to attack MAGA. Example He is a JOKE is trending. It’s failing people love 
'If you've no room for sheep, get yourself some hens.' And other useful virus tips  …
 … This is so disgusting. ABC anchor taunts Mike Pence over his religion. Asks if he talks to God about people who have died because of "steps the Federal Government did not take" in fighting virus. This is outrageous. Watch
Trade war with China caused our farmers to lose their farms. Ignoring the virus caused 7000+ Americans to die You lied and people died We will never forget!  …
No one wants to say it, but if this virus left unchecked kills 2% of the population, that is an absolute moral horror; but it is not the worst possible horror. And we need to be clear-headed and serious about how we avoid worse fates in our effort to avoid that one.
3.30 #RMU: State gov's COVID-19 fight; 200k could die; Virus deaths result from lack of leadership  …
Flu season stats from 2018-2019 in the USA: Symptomatic: 35,520,883 Medical visit: 16,520,350 Hospitalizations: 490,561 Deaths: 34,157 And we shut the world economy for the China virus?  …
I pray you lot don’t lose someone to this virus cos it is honestly is the worse thing ever. Do you part and stay home
#NEW: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has begun testing people for antibodies to the virus, which would show whether they had been infected. (1/2)
Act 1 was the virus — and is still ongoing — but Act 2 is a series of economic crises beyond anything we’ve seen before. Like a meteor hitting the ocean it has kicked off a series of tsunamis, some of which are listed below, all of which are gathering steam.  …
We all want sports back. It would signal a return to normalcy. But you can't even think about getting back to normal until this virus is handled. Right now, the numbers are increasing, not decreasing. We're nowhere close to normal.
Say that this virus is a “hoax” again. You know you want to.
The U.S. may lose about 90,000 Americans to Covid-19 because we did not manage the virus as well as South Korea did. The first wave is estimated to take 93,000 US lives; it took 174 South Koreans (equivalent to 1,100 on a US population). My new column: 
Current coronavirus restrictions would not steer the country out of the pandemic, only prevent a short-term spread, but would bring the economy to its knees. A savage depression could be more dangerous than the virus.  …
For the health care workers, first responders, and other essential workers facing the virus head-on, thank you. 
why are y’all so shook a partner at an HEB got the virus ??? Like do y’all see how packed our stores still are??? Is it THAT surprising when these partners are exposed to these ignorant customers that  in in groups and shit? STOP. PANIC. SHOPPING.
Thanks for lying about the virus for 2 months? Thanks for hiding the virus? Thanks for silencing doctors who wanted to tel the world? Thanks for allowing people to travel in this time to places like London, infecting millions?
The atheist who says "why worship a G-D that I cannot see," is now hiding in their home from a virus they cannot see! 
After having watched the virus since the Wuhan outbreak, let's just say- India #COVID19outbreak may peak by May-end. Lockdown effect maybe visible soon, but don't think we can start thinking about flattening the curve just yet. We aren't even testing nearly enough peeps.
things are at the moment. The virus is not an "easy way out" and you're far more important to people than you know. Please reach out to someone if you're ever feeling this way. The national suicide prevention number is 1-800-273-8255. #SuicidePrevention
You can't expect a president* that raw-dogs porn stars to care if you get a virus.
"Having the right antibodies to the virus in one’s blood — a potential marker of immunity — may soon determine who gets to work and who does not, who is locked down and who is free."  …
if they inherited from Obama even one test, faulty or not, for a virus that wasn't discovered until December 2019, then the Nobel Committee needs to print up a new plaque because wow  …
We literally have a timeline, in tweets no less of President Trump downplaying the severity of the virus until the economy started to tank, only then did he take the matter seriously. So barely a month ago.
“I was screaming at my boss, saying I needed more resources,” the local health officer said . “Maybe I should have screamed louder.” The tale of the deadly virus spreading thru a nursing home. W/ the fantastic ⁦ @Rachel_Chason⁩ and ⁦  …
The kind of debt people will owe after all this eh. Imagine someone paid me to do some work and I have spent half of the money in just 4days of lockdown to buy food. Tell me what will happen in the rest of the 10days left, and you want to extend. The Virus should kuku kill me.
The CDC has started testing to find out whether people have been previously infected with the coronavirus. It can help determine how widespread the virus has been, and if there have been significant numbers of people who were infected but didn't fall ill. 
Yes the virus is real. But... I am getting more suspicious as I see Bill Gates out there “aggressively” pushing for longer isolation and mandatory vaccines. This indicates, and I believe, there is something deeper-an agenda? I guess time will tell.
Thanks Superstar @fahadmustafa26 for ur support, Means a lot We love u . It wil Boost confidence of all innocent patients to defeat this Corona virus . Get well soon all  …
Taking care of a loved one who is sick is the most important work there is, and also the most exhausting (physically, psychologically). Thinking right now of all the caregivers in virus times
Kelly Loefler moved $18million of her investments into things like PPE mfg. and telemedicine among other virus related concerns.She should be behind bars immediately.
Chinese biological attack on our economy in conjunction with deep state actors who hope collapsing economy will get rid of their nemesis, @realDonaldTrump . Will not work. We support him more now than ever! Virus is real. Be safe.
Beware the sunbathing police. Walking outside - Fine Running outside - Fine Sitting outside - Evil virus spreading bastards! I  on.
I want sports  back, too. But it has happen as a measure of the success of the fight against the virus. Otherwise, it's just a public health hazard.
Look how many families lives are being changed because of this virus and you selfish people still wanna go out. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Well, I've discovered two things. The virus doesn't just happen to other people. And it's no respecter of character. My lovely, kind, universally loved father-in-law died yesterday. Not twitter-ing for a while
making a tiktok about the “batuu flu” isn’t a PSA about the corona virus, it’s using a pandemic that has killed over 60,000 people for content, it’s insensitive to the people who have died and people who are at high risk. Stop making excuses for her. 
Probably because of the deadly virus sweeping the country
We can't allow the "cure" to be worse than the virus. I have #Faith that @POTUS #Trump is listening, as are #WeThePeople. Excellent thread below: We're walking a tightrope...then add the digital tracking they're doing in Asia, & the "crisis" could decimate our liberties.  …
To be fair, cloth masks are now  by the CDC for everyday folk, despite their ineffectiveness against the virus and false sense of security they give people
Any death that can be, will be labeled the Wuhan virus. The media needs this in their fight against Trump.
The virus doesn’t know bottom or top, the virus only knows infection. Before a single #COVID19 diagnosis, nearly 700 people were already dying everyday from poverty. We need a stimulus bill now that starts from the bottom! @RevDrBarber  …
elizabeth park in hartford, ct. we are the virus 
We have hope!US has 24 Mil. cases of flu every year, with 30,000 deaths.There is no way to predict how all will work out with this COVID 19. Dr Drew wants the media tothe hysteria. VP Mike Pence is handling the Virus problem well.  …
Fellow hatters 1 of our own is currently fighting this virus ,he’s in the IC unit at the L&D getting the best possible treatment from our fab NHS.Can we show him some support from all hatters around the globe as i know this would raise his spirits #LTFC 
How can people link 5G spectrum to a VIRUS? I thought illiterates were only in Africa, I didn't know that ignorance is evenly spread across the Universe irrespective of skin color. What kind of dangerous nonsense is this? How can 5G SPECTRUM lead to a VIRUS? Radiation & Virus?  …
I was told the virus goes away in April with the heat
My original plan was  on August 24 but due to the corona virus many of my offical visits have been pushed back. With that being said I will  shortly after my five offical visits are done. #BBN, #GoBucks, #RTR, #Allin, and #ScoDucks
Wow. This is Phoenix, AZ today where the city's namesake has returned for the first time since 1869. The earth is slowly healing... we really are the virus. 
When this virus is over I still want some of y’all to stay away from me
This is a university in Japan conducting graduation ceremony using robot to represent the students cos of Covid19 .. They seem to have solutions to everything bout this virus hmmm 
Any of you that believe that radio waves from a 5g phone mast can cause a virus to kill people are the dumbest fucks that ever lived. It's 21st century for fuck sake Breaking news, the earth isnt flat ,god  to judge us and mobile phones dont effect your lungs. 
Follow The Money Trail: Who profits from a world pandemic? Death profiteers. Labs that create virus, vaccines & drugs. ChiComs that make cheap tests, masks etc. Pandemic panhandling politicians who use emergency $for non related projects to launder tax$to political coffers, etc
You made no sense. Africans are battling the virus themselves and they  out of it. Slave!
You can't make this up. Pro-revolutionaries celebrating "Defeat #Corona virus" celebration in #Tehran today! With rosebuds and barbeque. Maybe they should rename it to "Come and contract Corona" 
It’s High Time We Fought This Virus the American Way We need to appropriately use the Defense Production Act. Why won’t Treasonous Trump use this to help.....  …
perhaps we should eliminate some of the debt we owe China to cover the costs of dealing with the virus that they spread across the world. Knock 2 Trillion off our tab. Maybe other countires will follow suit. Stay the Course. God Bless!
Corporate landlords are sending rent-increase notices to tenants. This is the rapacious nature of the for-profit market. People are dying from a virus & landlords are jacking up rents. Sign the petition for Amazon Tax to fund rent-controlled housing!  …
The real virus is still human behavior. Do better. 
I can't worship a God I don't see, says an atheist who locked himself inhouse for a virus he can't see.
Effective treatment for corona virus is available  …
Testing is the only way we are going to go back to work as a nation without creating a second wave of the virus. If we had  government and non insane president we could have prepared and kept the economy going. #TrumpMustResign
Amid all the grim virus news ⁦ @anoushasakoui⁩ found this hopeful story about how Hollywood costumers are stepping up to meet an urgent need for  …
Having the right antibodies to the virus in one’s blood — a potential marker of immunity — may soon determine who gets to work and who does not, who is locked down and who is free.  … via @NYTimes
Tell me again - that the Chinese did not do it & have manufactured an Anti- Virus they are keeping to them selves  …
In my latest for @thedbk, I spoke to UMD engineering faculty and students who mobilized their labs to create much-needed materials for those working on the frontlines of the COVID-19 pandemic. They represent just a few of the researchers worldwide working  the virus.  …
Copies of my book arrived this week. It is not about a #covid19 pandemic. But about the virus of social inequality, its pervasive effects on institutions like the police and on   
The virus won't last forever. The economic consequences of it will.
So now i cant even take my dog to Brockwell park across the road from my house because a couple thousand people was in the park today and from tomorrow its closed . People are not taking this virus seriously at all and its selfish and fucking dangerous.
These kids are from MP ,They heard the call of @narendramodi to help the poor people in need &They gave all their pocket money to help Corona Virus victims Police officer said “If any actor or actress donates we make them famous but not these kids” Make them famous 
Quibbles about name of virus/disease aside, there's a large gap between something killing something in a lab, and something being a useful treatment in a human. there are a LOT of things that will destroy this particular virus, many of them also kill humans.
There are some fake news stories online saying that King Vajiralongkorn has died from COVID-19. This is not true. Vajiralongkorn is alive. It’s not known whether he has the virus. 
China also gave it the virus in the first place. VOX is fucking disgusting.  …
I told you some people think the Country is on one big holiday. This is the attitude that is going to keep us locked up for 3 plus months fighting a virus we could stop with some basic discipline. But noo guys want to choose their meat at the abattoir in times like this. Sad.  …
Wrong, it because China lied about this virus and first tried to cover it up and they are still lying about how many people died and how many were infected. They also sent out defective materials and tests to other countries .
“It remains a mystery as to how the virus has not spread to all provinces of China but at the same time, has spread to all countries in the world. ⁦  …
I think it's such bullshit that jobs aren't taking the Corona Virus seriously. If you aren't an essential work place then please fucking close. You will literally be the reason why family members get sick and will possibly die. Fucking idiots.
#FilmYourHospital It would appear China virus cures pneumonia. As soon as it showed up, pneumonia deaths dropped 40%. What else could explain it? 
Yes, the virus is here to stay. It’s time to start an orderly return to work. Those most vulnerable can elect to stay home. The rest of us can take precautions.  …
Like the test kits and masks will be laced with the virus to spread even more
Cloning gone wrong? Just finished a mass meditation & the troops/medical personnel are having a hard time with what they are seeing. They need #Prayer #SaveTheChildren change #darkToLight release the trapped/ broken souls. This is a priority - virus later!
Why is it that: Churches Gyms Small businesses Restaurants Theaters Schools Parks Universities Are forced to close due to the China Virus Yet Abortion facilities are allowed to remain open? What about taking away human life is “essential” during a pandemic?
why did Trump order govt to stand down for virus invasion?  …
HANNITY, March 9: "This scaring the living hell out of people-I see it, again, as like,let's bludgeon Trump with this new hoax." HANNITY, March 18: "By the way, this program has always taken the coronavirus seriously. We've never called the virus a hoax." 
This is the decision time, because the prophecy of the Corona virus has been fulfilled, and everyone can now understand that GOD is seeking the attention of the mankind, ...If my people who are called by my name shall repent... I will hear them from heaven #GrandEveningService
Kenyan Airways pilot, Captain Daudi Kibati who died from the Coronavirus was buried today. He contracted the virus when he flew the last @KenyaAirways flight from New York evacuating Kenyans back to Nairobi. His co-pilot is in intensive care unit battling the virus in Kenya. 
Wow. This is the Rio Grande River in Brownsville, TX today where the native species are beginning to return. The earth is healing, we are the virus. 
Today seems marks a turn in tone for Gov. Newsom, acknowledging  in CA’s response to the virus with the vast shortage of tests and putting up a website asking the public for tips on procuring medical supplies  …
Raila Odinga donated 152M to help in fighting corona virus pandemic that has so far killed 4 people in Kenya. Raila stated that the money will be used to purchase necessary equipments which the government needs  the pandemic. 
He went full Trumper on the virus for the past 3 months. He just posted an apology video. He was one of the most forceful and dismissive voices on the "Its a hoax!" truther side.
A six-year-old Tennessee boy who has cystic fibrosis said he beat COVID-19 after testing positive for the virus on March 19, a video shows. 
It seems that the Cruise Ship industry was one of [their] intended delivery vectors for the Corona Virus. Who are the [players]? Arison (Carnival & Miami Heat) Branson (Virgin Atlantic) Does MOS film blackmail on ships legally under maritime law? Trafficking? Drugs? #QANON
Notice the sleight of hand by Tapper. He takes a stat of people who have died WITH the virus, but tells you it is the #of people who died FROM the virus. Media repeats this lie routinely to maximize the hysteria.  …
We all have to do our parts to prepare. I notified all my supporters back on 2/25 to prepare for what  @JayInslee failed to prepare our state for the virus and the economic impact it would cause. The federal government should help but shouldn’t be the only way to beat  …
I’m trying to just how grateful I feel to have @GavinNewsom as our governor. He has taken this Virus by the balls and has kept #California informed and as safe as possible.
The virus will determine when the NFL season begins.
BREAKING: Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed has recovered from Corona Virus. 
False statement: listing people as having died "from #coronavirus" when your source is only listing people who died "with" the virus. Two very, very different stats.
Have to say, it’s incredible to work for  like @TheAthletic, whose response to this virus from very early on has been serious and thoughtful. Daily updates to the staff, a steadily reinforced message to do our very best for the readers but that priority one is safety.
. @michaelgove can you get someone to help you with sounding sincere? You sound like you are reading a children’s book to a class of children earlier. And this nonsense about ‘underlying health issues’ has to stop. This virus kills healthy people of all ages too. Tell the truth.
Of course. Blame the virus on Trump. Bill predictable and boring, and a slime bucket.  …
For weeks, I've been hearing "but correlation does not imply causation" re:masks despite that in this case, yes, yes, it does: we have coverage and a control (Japan, screwing up everything but masks and it's not Lombardy or NYC); analytic reasons (virus); priors (good studies).
sorry Dr. Fauci is not acting as a “leftist,” he’s a doctor whose only concern is public health, stopping virus. He’s not thinking about economy or other factors. That’s Trump’s job to solicit wide array of info to make a final call as president. Not everything is a conspiracy  …
Had you done your job instead of covering up the virus, we would be open just like S Korea and Germany. Instead you lied and people died. Donald Ducks the buck. We will never forget!  …
The Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, has tested negative for Coronavirus, two weeks after testing positive for the virus. A credible source at the state government house told @bauchitrumpet that the governor has substantially recovered from the 
Italy: The target of bringing down the reproductive number (R0) to 1 has been reached. Now the goal is to bring it below 1. Earlier in the epidemic, it was as high as 3. This value represents the average number of people to which a single infected person will transmit the virus.
No one, not one person is exempt from #Covid19. It makes no difference who you are, what you believe, or how you vote. The virus does not discriminate.  …
"Putting a mask on yourself is more to prevent you from infecting someone else," Dr. Anthony Fauci. What Dr. Fauci wants you to know about face masks and staying home as virus spreads | PBS NewsHour  …
Billionaire fixing a policy failure. Not much mention of masks, drugs, vaccines in coverage of the $2T bill. No focus on virus. Tech billionaires don’t have anywhere near as much money as the state, but they are smarter and more agile. We may live because billionaires exist.  …
May Allah keep our parents and loved ones safe from this virus. Just the thought of it is scaring me wallah.
"What is the motivation of a virus?" "To replicate." "Can't it do that without us?" "I don't know. John and Evan talk science.
And, if the virus is on their hands, the same thing applies. If shop assistants wish to wear gloves to protect themselves, I have no problem with that.
So you disagree with your pal @AOC who claims the. Virus is racist?  …
So ⁦ @NYGovCuomo⁩ will need more ventilators from ⁦ @POTUS⁩ ! R u kidding me! The firefighters could had drove thru and used mega phones to congratulate the healthcare workers! Then  the people spreading the virus! Trumps fault of course! 
how yall not stanning healthy..... in the midst of a virus pandemic????? at this point ur INVITING miss rona into ur household
I don't understand this preoccupation with needing modelling & forecasts. The pattern of virus spreading is pretty obvious and the huge portion of the population gets it now. Why are the numbers needed? In search of more headline fodder? Means to criticize later if not accurate?
Guys pray for my mom she has stage 4 Cabrona virus </3
Nature is healing we are the virus 
Sweden is following advice to let the virus spread as slowly as possible while sheltering the vulnerable, to build up immunity 
Africa just keep your borders close. Stay safe. I'm more worried about Chinese connection of Africa. Many are in debt trap of Chinese also many Chinese projects there too. Don't let money hamper your response against virus.
Why won't #BidenDebateBernie Oh...because coronavirus. Meanwhile, he's hardly addressed the pandemic and has tweeted misinformation on the virus. He's also pushing for the spread of the virus by insisting that people gather in large numbers (due to more closed polling stations)  …
As a French,who lived in 25sqm apartment in Paris, just do not go out. It’s hard to stay home but there is no other way. Mask is not enough as virus can survive on hands and objects for hours. Stay home, wash your hand regularly, wear a mask if you have to go out.
I’ve been doing this for six weeks now. It’s the only thing that makes sense! This virus is way too contagious not cover the mouth & nose in public.
we pray for them as they fight the deadly virus. 
The severity of the threat posed by the virus was initially denied. It now looks like some covid-19 survivors will also have to deal with long term health problems resulting from the infection and I fear that there will be denial or downplaying of this.
this virus strong as shit killing mannequins were all fucked #COVID  …
What we cannot kill with our knives,our guns,our army tanks,our anti aircraft guns and even our atomic bombs is the VIRUS
This cooperation makes me want to cry. The fact that the EU are still including us in the fight against this horrific virus just proves that we're making a huge mistake leaving the EU. Thank you to all our EU friends. Stay safe and strong #KeepALightOn
Justin Bieber via Instagram: As we all know things right now are definitely uncertain.. Our routines, structure, and plans are all altered due to a horrific virus that is sweeping our nation. There are people who have lost love ones and also people battling for their lives (...) 
Justin and Hailey Bieber are currently 'working on ways to help those in financial crisis' due to COVID-19 They have previously helped families in need of food and donated to China when the virus started affecting its population 
China donates ventilators to New York as virus death toll mounts 
Fear is driving patients with minimal symptoms, possibly #coronavirus negative, to the #ER where they are probably being exposed to far higher concentration of virus. Roughly 80% of ER visits are sent home. How many were infected because they were exposed in the ER???
The worst news channel the biggest cast of liars and losers. ReTweet this to everyone you know and to those you dont! 60,000 deaths and climbing does your anchor still want the virus? Sorry no #Ventilators and how many people did @FoxNews send to their DEATH?  …
admittedly I was NOT a big believer in the news reports + how severe they were making the virus out to be until one of my own was tested, with a result of positive for COVID-19 my grandmother’s deciding what’s next and will do what she can towards recovery be sure to love yours
we should sleep all day and live our normal lives at night time while the virus is asleep
"At the end of the day my friends, even if it is a long day, and this is a long day, love wins. Always. And it will win again through this virus." - @NYGovCuomo #NewYorkTough  …
Maybe one day one of these articles will include some actual evidence that the Festival exacerbated the problem. And let’s not forgot many thousands of people took time off work to watch at home, which helped slow down the spread of the virus.  …
India facing Two pandemics...Carona virus is very  to the other 
One third of the number of Americans that have already died from this virus died on 9/11 and we went to war costing trillions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of lives. This thing kills horribly. We need to bring everything we have to bear. This isn't the flu or a cold.
SINGLE style *Mourned - Devoured Humanity *Sector - The Virus of Hate Infects the Ignorant Mind Very few stocks remain! Glab one if you haven’t  
When you see liberals blaming you for the China Virus tell them to 
Just found out corona virus doesn’t affect objects, thank god i’m a woman
There was a lot of questions about the corona virus in  meeting so we decided to play a game of convo-pong to answer them as best we could. Patients questions about it were all mixed in with 'know each other' q's to avoid being too overwhelming @NQNLouD 
Trump caved to pressure from his political/medical advisors, since he apparently didn't have enough people supporting his belief that shutting down the economy over this virus is crazy. In this tweet from early March he expressed his uninhibited thoughts:  …
The enemy is not other people, the enemy is a virus that we all want to defeat.
Rays of hope: In Italy, the number of patients in intensive care for coronavirus dropped on Saturday for the first time since virus outbreak.  …
Corona Virus is deadass ruining my life
CCP gets masks to NYC. Trump makes states fight and keeps stockpiles for itself. We know who the virus is.
Now The likes of Naledi Pandor are accelerating the spread of Corona Virus. What is in those vaccines? This country is full of deadly criminals who hide behind colonial titles. These Puppets are very reckless. Where did they source this vaccines? 
I will be stepping away from twitter for a bit - just had a death in the family. We can’t even have a proper funeral because of this virus. I hate this week. Please tell your family, friends, anyone of import in your life that you love them, be there for each other.
I lost my Grandmother today and Great Grandmother a couple days ago due to the virus. Man this hurts! R.I.P
Sweetie the C-19 virus “kicked off” back in November... you and others in the right kept saying it’s just like the flu and not a big deal up until the beginning of March! Once again Timmy the temper tantrum out here trying to stay relevant...
These the pure facts from the ex Senator of Nigeria Dino Melaye.. 5G Radiator is killing people all over the world not any Corona-Virus.. Nigeria have been bribe to Installed 5G network in Nigeria for 1billion Dollars.. 
The most obnoxious post virus symptom is itchy lungs & I had no idea that was a sensation that could just exist & not be a precursor to anything else
Our members aren’t just out on the streets battling the virus and making sure needed supplies get where they need to go. They are out there still performing their public safety mission. This woman is alive today because our cops can’t stay home.  …
HE IS A JOKE Feb 27: Sean Hannity screenshot playing down the virus to Fox News viewers. Hannity and Trump will be out of a job November 3rd and should be arrested as war criminals. 
Pls you and the virus should give us one day to go and knack..  …
Imagine you fall for him/her during this quarantine. And boom one of you dies of Corona virus.  a widow and widower is easy
#PanicDiary Lot of #HeilTommys about on your timeline pal. They lost in 1945. They will lose the virus war, too. The future  decency informed by science, good sense powered by kindness and consideration. Ugly nationalism is so 2019.  …
We move forward with preventive health measures, making a permanent effort together with a whole qualified team of doctors and scientists, who throughout the country are fighting to contain a lethal virus that affects the whole of humanity. 
A walk down memory lane with lying Democrat politicians who are now claiming President Trump didn't do enough early enough to slow the spread of the virus ... w. 
This is fine, because neighboring Florida currently has a stay-at-home order so the virus isn’t allowed to venture outside.  …
Are you kidding with this? Dude, Korea has less than 200 dead. Same day. Virus discovered on the same damn day. Defending this president makes anyone look ridiculous. Even our bravest soldiers. Please get on the right side of history here.  …
“And at the end of the day, my friends, even if it is a long day, and this is a long day, love wins. Always. And it will win again through this virus”  …
Trump thinks he can just wish the virus away.  …
I feel sorry for anyone who believes the crap on this network. It’s not news; it’s opinions, and this time, they made people feel as though this virus was nothing to be concerned about, so their viewers went around spreading the virus around our country. #FoxNewsLiedAsPeopleDied
dr. anthony fauci on march 26: “you don’t make the timeline. the virus makes the timeline.”  …
The same liberal hacks who said it was “racist” to ban travel from China way back in February when the Wuhan Virus kicked off are now doing their mental gymnastics to blame conservative media personalities for “not taking it seriously.” Give me a break.
The Outbreak of the Corona Virus & How each Candidate is handling it is Exactly Why we Need a Debate Between Joe Biden & Bernie Sanders. Biden is trying to get out of Debating Bernie. That's ridiculous. They should Debate.  …
"..hey Betty, lets go shopping, oh and did you hear about this virus thing? blah blah blah blah blah.." 
Dr. Robert O. Young SAYS…CORONA VIRUS IS NOT A VIRUS….AND IT IS NOT CONTAGIOUS 5G and Corona: What is a virus?  PAPER:  
Do you personally know someone who has contracted corona virus?
OF COURSE: ⁦ @RepMarkGreen⁩, whose lips have been surgically attached to Trump’s ass, gives Trump “A GOOD SOLID A” for his virus response. Minimizes for months. Cut the CDC budget & pandemic team. Gear shortages, worst outbreak in the world... “A”!  …
Wait until this virus takes hold in India. The slums have a population density thirty times that of New York, and sanitation isn't that great.
What is the point of the same President who deemed the virus as a hoax saying when sports will start again? He has no control over the pandemic nor any real control  it. This is all such a nonsense exercise.
I was diagnosed with flu & pneumonia December, 2019. Was the strangest case of the flu I had ever had and the first time ever getting pneumonia. Strange body aches, headaches, trouble breathing, nasty cough & symptoms lingered for weeks. Whatcha bet it was the Chinese virus???
I've been talking you them for 20 years and they've only gotten worse and more engrained in their cultish lunacy. I've made my peace with it, and if this virus or something else kills them, so be it. I can't keep putting myself at risk of their ignorant hatred.
video Prisoners Riot in #Turkey Amid Region's Worst Virus Outbreak Lawyers are prevented from entering to the #batman prison. Situation is Alarming #BreakingNews #kurds #TwitterKurds #BreakingNews #Amed #DIYARBAKIR #news #kurdistan #rojava #pkk #HDP #YPJ #YPG 
Meanwhile in the UK 25% of deaths from corona-virus are musIim. Given they are only 5% of the population, it is a pretty high percentage.
Here in Ontario this is what we have to deal with. People are crazy. There is no way I will catch a virus driving in my own car. 
I like how my state has the second most cases of the virus but my school wants to reopen at the end of the month—
Rubie stepped outside todayyy guyss, just to the verander though, Lool It felt really great. The sun isn’t aware that humanity is currently fighting a virus. It did what it was made to do, Shine! 
Keep an eye what America does on the virus ...the UK does exactly the same here is that coincidence or planned ? our moms and dads are being killed by an Elected government of a so called free society of Democratic principles ... look what other countries are doing testing
China first and then we Italians are demonstrating how quarantine is the only way to stop the virus. Italy is with you all.
Note to dumb liberals: Wearing a mask or scarf is done to prevent you from infecting others. President Trump has been tested twice for the virus and doesnt have it. He was last tested 2 days ago. There is no good reason for President Trump to wear a mask. Now go to your room.
If you wish this virus on anyone just bc you don’t agree w/ their viewpoints & are glad to see economy decimate w/ 000’s of people losing their jobs just to spite our Prez, then you’re sick! We should all be united & praying to defeat this enemy together!
Yg literally used the corona virus to delay  If not why are their other artists  We are not that fucking stupid, miss me with that bullshit #BLACKPINK1YearOfHiatus 
@ImranKhanPTI can u now claim social distance from your sugar buddies after the inquiry report? Will you accept any donation from both for Corona fund without asking source of money? Will you let NAB use its Coronarruption Test kit on you to see if the corruption virus has hit u? 
The biggest virus on this planet is humanity. God, we really need to get our shhh together
Which is true. The virus killed them, before they otherwise would have died...and PS, they died without their family there by their side.
Sending love to anyone who has family or loved ones that have passed away due to the COVID Virus And prayers to those who are fighting for their lives
"What the world needs now is solidarity. With solidarity we can defeat the virus and build a better world." -- @antonioguterres. Get inspired by this @Twitter  …
And yet this from NFL doc yesterday: "We have to get to the point that when someone is tested as positive to the virus, that does not mean an immediate quarantine. If that is the case, you can’t think about opening up a team sport.” Projecting anything is just pointless.  …
