Lost my job today due to the virus
City streets are filled with the people whose lives are dedicated to your alienation and they’re breathing the virus, in & out, like they’re taught in their workplace mindfulness seminars...5G sends them signals: Eat loot fuck. They want you to deliver Soylent to Palantir America
Alright when the heck is this stupid virus gonna be over with #Covid_19
He also wants you to pay for the loans of the medical professionals who are currently saving people's lives, isolating the virus and developing vaccines/treatments for this "pandemic unlike anything we've ever seen" You know, the people holding societies together atm.  …
Not only you but also CNN had been also saying Wuhan virus but they suddenly changed their behaviour and started criticizing people who call it so. No apology for those who had to face unfair discrimination (as you posted) because of media & "experts" calling it as such "NAMES"??
Which was probably more effective at potentially spreading the virus then if he had done nothing at all.
He was shrunk down to cellular size and is personally fighting the corona virus
Turns out, according to recent reports, Italy was calling deaths from others diseases "coronavirus" deaths that inflated their death numbers from the virus.
Chinese Virus Poll! Is it worth closing The Country putting millions of people out of work and perhaps sending us into a Depression worth 300 lives? #CoronavirusPandemic @realDonaldTrump
China 10 weeks ago: There is no virus. China 8 weeks ago: Okay there is a virus, but it's not serious. China 4 weeks ago: Okay the virus is serious but it wasn't our fault. China today: Viruses are good and we take full responsibility for unleashing this into the world.  …
Why is Grannies Heilen Hame, owned by Park Deans still open? This needs to stop. The  cannot handles a mass influx of people, potentially  ill and spreading this virus. #Highlands
How are people leaving developed countries with wayyyy better medical care  to this 3rd world Nigeria with the virus ffs?? Is it madness??
Members of the @TheBlackCaucus wrote to Democratic leadership with proposals for the 3rd coronavirus package, including extending the 2020 census counting period, as the bureau reportedly lags in hiring, “in part, to fears of exposure to the virus.” 
They were supposed to take strong action against people bringing this virus into the country, instead they allowed them to self quarantine.  …
The Corona Virus has taught me something very important...when it’s time to buy a house, i HAVE to have a Man Cave. Non negotiable.
YALL THINK THIS VIRUS SHIT FUNNY UNTIL WE ALL WAKE UP LIKE THIS NIGGA 
Economic facts: - DOW wipes out over 3 years of stock-market gains - markets have lost money under Trump - millions losing jobs - tax cuts won't cure the economy - only cure for the economy is to cure the virus - Trump's not doing that  … via @GoogleNews
"Extraordinary action must be taken to contain #COVIDー19. But government is decidedly not taking extraordinary measures when  to some of those who are most vulnerable to the deadly virus: prisoners and asylum-seekers"  …
The western world criticised #China for its early-stage response to  unknown virus. China was first responder; so we could see  China responded with haste, purpose and discipline once the #PennyDropped What's our 
let's take the Chinese Virus and make it a White Supremacists thing, wonder who is behind that? 
We won’t see full global peak for another 2-3 months minimum. Through  we’ve lost crucial early data, so we still don’t know what we should about this virus. Anyone who thinks were returning to “normal” any time soon is delusional.
FDA Approves New Test That Could Detect CCP Virus in About 45 Minutes  …
A moment of #IDDoc levity today: Me (to my 3.5 year old child): Hannah, you need to wash your hands right now. Hannah: YES, we need to wash our hands Mommy. There are a LOT of germs right now and we don’t want to get the CANOLA VIRUS... Me: yes... #IDTwitter
The Left is openly rooting for the Virus:  …
Social Distancing handwashing and curfews are simply NOT ENOUGH. We cant stop the virus if we dont know who is infected. The best way to know is MASS TESTING! Why is the govt not doing it? The only mass testings i knew of are the ones extended to politicians and their families!
The last thing we want to do is spread, we will be: cleaning all book covers using gloves packages on doorsteps taking books "out  for the  2-3 days between people to make sure any virus is gone reminding people to wash hands &not touch faces!
Some celebrities in the U.S. be singing & doing a hand washing challenge when Monsta X out here donating a fortune to help with the Covid-19 virus without notifying  or ask for publicity because of it. To each their own, but Monbebes stan really great people.
y’all are amazing. I wanna hug you all but I also don’t want corona virus so just know I love you, ok? ٩( 'ω' )و
(2/2) We therefore urge everyone, irrespective of age range, to take every precaution to protect against this virus by engaging the protocols outlined by the Ministry of Health and Wellness such as hand washing & sanitizing, and maintaining social distance among other practices.
there's a bimodal conventional wisdom, but it's confusing because the greatest driver of cw, trump, is both saying that it's going to be over soon because things are basically fine AND that he saved america from the dreaded deadly chinese virus by shutting down travel
Nebraska corrections staff who are sick don’t get paid time off for the pandemic—they have to use their own sick, vacation,  time. This is one of many problems that will lead to preventable spread of this virus, within prisons and in  at large.
So instead of self-isolating, he travels to airport - via public transport or taxi, spreading virus; waits in queue at airport- spreading virus; sits in plane, spreading virus - Full-on Boris strategy of spreading it everywhere. Not enoughin the world...
The virus can’t stop me from celebrating my student turning 7! Love & from the balcony! It lifted us all up during this rough time & gave my girls a chance to see how much I love being a teacher @WoodbrookSchool @EdisonElem 
Critics slam Bloomberg News report warning 2 grams of Trump's touted anti-virus drug 'can kill'  #FoxNews
Bernie, unlike Joe, has a position of power to actually make change and he doesn't show up for the vote on the virus relief bill? Too busy helping Trump by continuing a vanity campaign. Vote like a black woman! #Biden2020 Vote for the candidate that both Trump and Putin fear!
is the corona virus already making y’all delusional?? i woke up to see my ex best friend engaged to the dude who took my v card in high school sloppppyyyy
US Vice President Mike Pence said Saturday that he and his wife will get tested for #coronavirus later in the same day, as a staff member of his office recently tested positive for the virus. #Covid_19
Me minding my own business trying to sleep: My brain: you have it. You definitely have the virus.
for example, if the ppl who recover from the virus do in fact gain immunity, those ppl should step up & start setting up safe houses for when the 2nd wave of the pandemic hits
I have no sympathy for any regime, or country that dumps on the world with a corona virus, then tries to hide it from the rest of the world for a month, and then blames some other country. Period.  …
Trump on Empathy- Reporter: Can you say  to the millions of Americans who are scared of this virus? Trump: You suck as a person! Reporter:  words at all? Trump: Bite me, dill weed! Reporter: Can you express empathy? Trump: My daughter’s hot?
I was hoping that my Malbec would kill off the virus but unfortunately it's < 60% alcohol  
. LEFTIST HYPOCRISY - - BIDEN USING OBAMA'S FAILED 'EBOLA CZAR' to TAKE SHOTS at TRUMP Obama & Biden's Virus Negligence got Americans KILLED - but Pedo Joe Biden is using Obama's LAME 'Ebola Czar' to take Cheap Shots at Trump .  …
Note: PLEASE keep distance from everyone you can as much as possible REGARDLESS. It's the best way we can stop this virus from spreading.
just read the "Imagined Letter from Covid-19 to Humans." some people appear to think this "letter" is very wise. but calling a virus a "balancing force" isn't wisdom. it's ecofascism 
When you try to teach your boys how to not get the virus in the hood 
"He sent us a text message just telling us that we would only have to pay 25 percent of our rent for the next three months so that way we wouldn't have to worry if we were affected in any way by this virus.”  …
Anyone working from home during this virus should be able to get a “home office” deduction on their taxes... with no stupid IRS hoops to jump through.
I think the left is working with the right on the China Virus, because all of a sudden they are faced with the reality the people want what the right is offering more than what the has been selling...
An inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center, a federal facility in Brooklyn, has tested posted for the coronavirus. This is the first known case of an inmate detained by the Federal Bureau of Prisons to contract the virus.
SIUT is performing free Corona Virus test. You are requested to forward this message to all. Helpline#021 99215469
#COVIDー19 Why does positive news around new trials and effective drug treatments for this virus seem to be disappointing so many people who look for anything to play it down? They really do want a massive economic depression don't they? Sad people. #coronavirus #KungFlu
This is one of the ‘MOST ADVANCED hospitals in Europe’! And they are struggling! What we have is AKTH and Asibitin Murtala and LASUTH! Yet people who could have been exposed to the virus and/or HAVE been exposed are being irresponsible and not taking the right steps!  …
#istayhomefor ty @LittleMix 4 the nomination. I fear people will only take it seriously if & when some1 close 2 them gets ill from this virus & I don’t want that so I choose to stay home. #covid_19 I nominate @BebeRexha @delaceyofficial @NiallOfficial @lauvsongs 
My daughter is feeling poorly. She feels sick and is now literally terrified she has the corona virus. I have done everything I can to keep my language about it sensible and to reassure her that it's not a sickness bug but she is scared
This is the Board of Corrections' *2nd major call to release people in NYC jails*  of NYC jails & NYS prisons, NYC DAs, NY's chief judge. (markups mine) IT'S TOO LATE TO STOP THE VIRUS FROM ENTERING NYC JAILS. IT'S THERE. YOUR INACTION WILL KILL. cc: @NYCMayor  
He’s a 28-year-old, fit footballer. Will people finally start to get the message that this virus is not just something for the old and the vulnerable to worry about?  …
Stay at Home! Yes it is boring but if you don’t you may get the virus, you may die, you may spread the virus, you may lead to the death of others, you may cause the spread the virus, you may indirectly cause death. Stay at Home Everyone!
Family friends just tested positive for #COVID19 They attended Rugby Sevens @bcplace March 7/8. The Pacific Dental Conference was March 5-7 A busy week in Vancouver for virus transmission. #COVID19BC #bcpoli #vanpoli
They are trying to scapegoat China, to pin the blame on their ineptitude. The Trump admin knew about the virus in Dec, 2019. Trump called it a hoax. Said it was no worse than the flu. Told people to go to work. Said it was contained, countless times. They knew about it MONTHS ago
If you live in MA and are interested in making a quick call about eliminating rent for the duration of the virus - this kind of organizing has a low barrier to entry and you can do it from your house!  …
The Chinese Virus numbers DON’T line up with the panic. The Economic Death numbers DO line up with the panic. At what point does the economic damage outweigh the virus damage?
Listen to the latest @tferriss 20 minute podcast/PSA. It has great information on how to help the medical professionals who are on the front lines fighting the virus. Take a listen and then TAKE ACTION.  …
Distraction Live Stream tomorrow 12pm EST on my channel (to make sure our international viewers will be up as well) with these amazing creators!  any charities you know that is currently helping with the virus outbreak 
US corona virus mortality rate falls to about 1%  …
The figures in Italy are sending fear down my spine when I think of our sorry state of affairs but at the same time I still believe there are certain factors that are making the virus not spread fast in Africa and so........ I am optimistic we shall beat this
Is anyone else surprised our governments didn’t have pandemic virus plans in place? We employ governments to manage things we can’t manage individually, new viruses have been predicted for years, our governments should have had detailed plans in place for this event.
3. H1N1 infected 60 MILLION people in the US alone and 1000k people died before a nation emergency was declared and NO ONE panicked. Read that again....60 MILLION IN THE US ALONE....There aren't even 1 million WORLDWIDE with this virus yet, and it's utter panic. WHY???
Why are you, and Democrats so offended because it is called the China virus ?? — it originated in Wuhan, CHINA.  …
No. Calling it the Wuhan Virus is an accurate location description. Knowing how and where things originate is called research. Schiff is clearly the anti-science division of the CCP.
Nothing made in China lasts very long so this virus shouldn’t be around much longer.
Based on DOH data, there were five patients who overcame the virus, bringing the total number of recoveries to 13. The death toll rose from 18 to 19.  
I’m just a Juco baseball coach, but if the large percentage of people dying of the virus are 75-80 years of age, why not just quarantine everyone above 60 (+ immune deficiencies) after this initial 15 day quarantine? Let’s all stay home for two weeks, then let’s roll.
Stopping the virus spreading will mean nothing if everyone is unemployed and broke.  …
Almost entire private health industry being signed over to NHS in virus fight  
So what if they went to the Beach - the schools are still open and crusise ships are still docking The virus dies in warm weather remember  …
both of my parents are now out of work indefinitely due to the virus and my school stopped paying workers, if youre able to chip in so i can cover some basic medical expenses (i need ~$320 for my prescriptions) i would greatly appreciate it  …
"The only thing to limit the virus is to limit the movement of the population" – Silvia Bignamini, Health director for a hospital in the city of Bergamo @profgalloway @AndrewYang @larrybrilliant 
You want to know the real cost of impeachment? While the Democrats were diverting all their attention and energy, while they had the HPSCI who would be in charge of this type of discovery, the Wuhan Virus was in full bloom.
One good thing that came from the virus is that celebrities have been reduced to a trite, insignificant existence & they’re having difficulty coping with this revelation. Doing everything in their power to maintain relevance and literally nobody cares
Respectfully John Bolton, shut the fuck up. Right now ALL we should be focused on is stopping the virus, getting masks & supplies to our docs & nurses, & saving lives. And btw, Trump’s shitty response killed Americans. And btw, you should’ve testified when your country called.  …
Did a virus write this?  …
Once and for all! about the virus response team “that was the result of the anticipated depletion of previously allotted funding, not a direct cut by the Trump administration. And the CDC said cuts were ultimately avoided because Congress provided other funding.” Factcheck
We’d like to take this time while we’re home waiting for this virus to pass (and it will pass, sometime) to remind everyone the black #Eagles jerseys are terrible and should never be worn again. GO BIRDS!
New Jersey reminder: at 9:01pm the coronavirus will start spreading again so you must confine yourself to your homes until tomorrow morning when the virus has agreed to stop spreading so you can get some essential only shopping done. As per @GovMurphy and his orders.
Until somebody fall dead In front of me from this virus BIHH IM THUGGIN OUTSIDE ION NEED CABLE!!!
I feel like the government acted too late though .. restrictions should have been in place beforeee the virus get here ... I like what Belize doing !
I was just watching the 2011 Contagion film. The guy asking Lawrence Fishburne questions about the virus has been popping up as an expert on CNN answering questions about COVID-19 or virus conditions. Weird huh? 
Health is health. A wise physician said to me earlier this week that it’s important to remember the difference between social distancing—keeping a physical distance which is so important to slow down this virus—and emotional distancing.
Summary: *It’s an attempt to distract from mismanagement of the crisis. *Trump sees political advantage in ‘culture war’ debates. * It provides a chance to make the left look excessively PC. * The virus offers an opportunity to needle Trump’s biggest geopolitical rival.  …
Britain and the United States are being crippled by the same problems. An Immigrant Invasion which will  with Virus limitations. And an Antagonistic Media doing everything possible to undermine the Governments actions. We need to be united in resolve to defeat both. 
asian people who have never even been to china are getting punched in the face by random strangers because trump’s muricah. trump is the virus voting is the cure 
Who couldn’t forget how Obama dealt with H1N1 virus 60.8 million infected, three hundred thousand Americans were hospitalized,and over 12,000 Americans die. And nobody even remembers it. Know why? Democrat president, and the media is still kissing his a**!
Roger #Federer has taken to social media to make an impassioned plea regarding #COVID19 and for people to take the deadly virus extremely seriously Read more >  
Americans please learn from India. Clap and beat utensils with a spoon & Virus will die, you don’t need protective masks & gowns.  …
Sooo I did a thing... Was feeling some Corona Virus vibes during this long dreadful Quarantine. Don’t forget to wash your hands 
It’s important to know that trump’s recent pivot on China isn’t just cynical but a naked attempt to deflect from his own staggering (and ongoing!)  in preparing for the virus. 
Breaking news: At a press conference a short while ago, the Ministry of Health in Gaza announced the infection of two citizens with the #Corona virus and showed symptoms of the disease, who were returning from Pakistan last Thursday. #Covid_19 #CoronaVirusUpdates
FYI: Borders and walls cannot stop a virus.
This virus really came at the worst time in my life with so much  up, but I trust god and his plan
Random Thought: The Wuhan Virus would be a real grab bag for Tyler Durden. Soap Business is booming, but Fight Club is cancelled.
I told you  is the real virus, coronavirus is just how it spreads DOJ seeks new emergency powers amid coronavirus pandemic - POLITICO  …
If a shutdown works to shutdown the virus, why are the countries that employed it seeing basically the same growth rates in virus deaths from the disease, as those that didn't use such methods at a similar timetable?
Interesting how the virus crisis spotlights so many of the things wrong with the United States right now
holy fuck I’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally & told me I need to isolate myself immediately bc they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, & a big juicy ass. rt this to spread the message
First, what we know: - COVID-19 incubates for up to 2 weeks - Asymptomatic people can still spread the virus - COVID-19 can live on surfaces for at least 3 days - Trader Joe’s isn’t letting us collect sick pay unless we test positive, encouraging us to work until we get sick 3/
I keep seeing this a lot and it’s time to clear it up. Antibiotics can be used when fighting a virus. Why? Secondary infections caused by  immune system brought on by the virus. These secondary infections can be pneumonia. One is bacterial pneumonia.
But what is most absurd is that it is an article about why we shouldn’t instigate lockdowns in Western countries using the example of the virus receding in China—where they used massive lockdowns.
the virus cannot get me if I simply never stop gargling
US Food & Drug Administration Announces its APPROVAL of 1st QUICK-DETECTOR of CORONA-VIRUS in 45 Minutes --- Ready for Distribution IN DAYS~  …
Really terrible and a reminder that medical emergencies do not stop because of a surge in a virus  …
Trump blames Obama, blames China, and will blame Congressional Democrats next for the virus's devastation. This will be a long war, and Trump is the last person we want at the helm in 2021. The key to fighting this virus over the long term is to get rid of the idiot in Nov.
The Chinese Virus death rate is 1.29% and dropping. The Media wants you to panic. Just be smart.
This is downtown Tokyo today, after a month of quarantine. Nature is finally returning, and there is no pollution. Humanity is the real virus. 
US Lawmakers Call on Twitter to Bar Chinese Communist Party Accounts Over Virus Disinformation  …
I firmly believe in science and the amazing people who practice it. I believe a cure will eventually be found for this virus, although it may take time. Please, prove me right.
Serious question: can the virus live in salt water ocean rock pools ? Experts only, please.
Don't like virus numbers, don't provide test kits. Don't like unemployment numbers, don't release the data. It's all a numbers game w/ the GOP!  …
People losing out on graduation, jobs, business, and all other types of things because the president spent 3 months trying to cover this virus up and convince us it was a hoax. It didn’t have to be this way.
my dad turned up the heat in our house to over 75 degrees because he thinks it’ll kill any virus sir the only thing you’re killing is me
Another change that would be great post this virus, less plastic. Plastic loves viruses, we need biodegradable packaging.
Nobody seems to get this. The failure to decarcerate right now is going to create a BOOMERANG EFFECT. The virus will go into a prison, spread massively, then, via the guards, boomerang back into   …
This isolation may stop us from getting the virus but I’m  out with diabetes man
Racism and xenophobia play well, but also note that they want to push the absurd idea that nations can, in a globalized world, keep a virus like this "within its borders." That's white nationalist rhetoric, seed-planting.  …
After six weeks of scrutiny I've determined that this virus is somewhere between a monstrous killer and  hoax, but I'm getting there....
caught the virus im such a pisces
is it possible the virus can blow over in a month or no ?
I have to correct myself, because I was very wrong: People denying the pandemic and its dangers and going about their business as if nothing is happening are scarier than the virus.  …
After flying the virus around the world, NOW you stop?!? Too little too late ET. Africa will deal with you after the crisis.  …
Due to this horrendous virus & government advice that people should not be travelling unnecessarily around the country we are regrettably closed for the foreseeable future. We have or will be contacting all who have existing bookings to cancel them I'm afraid. Stay safe everyone
This virus shit needs to go tf away honestly
So, since I saw someone like a tweet saying, effectively, that it doesn't matter what ppl are calling the virus, bc ppl are losing their jobs: Asian Ppl are being attacked, verbally, physically, emotionally, because of it, so not fueling racism is also a priority
When this virus has been wrapped up I can see alot happening to this boy where  from snitches get well you know the rest stay safe Ferguson ur uncle won’t be able to help u either big baz can get the smoke too  …
Another death news from the medical worker. Young neurology specialist. Contracted the virus from his patient. RIP.
meanwhile boris johnson went from saying there was no issue at all up until about a week ago  up with a plan that would kill a million people to now blaming the public for the spread of the virus, and the media couldn't give less of a fuck. in fact, they're praising him
Malaria drug miracle? Online support? Warm weather eradication?Trump vs reality! Oh, by the way, it's 98 degrees in Thailand and the virus is rampant!  …
We: 1) have been told we have to hold off on giving nebulizer treatments in our office unless we have full PPE, due to risk of aerosolized virus 2) have run out of disposable gowns 3) cannot use this medication to treat our patients as a result
Who would listen to him? How would he enforce it? Send troops to every state? Each state administers its own election. The danger is the election being interrupted by the virus, which is why we need mail in ballots everywhere. So call your Senators.  …
Corona Virus Cover For Mass Arrests? PART III  via @YouTube If you don’t watch anything else today, watch Liz Crockin’s new video. She does an excellent job connecting the dots.
The battle to contain the virus is lost. Had there still been a pandemic response team in place when this started there would have been a sufficient number of tests to slow the spread. Due to Trump’s  the battle to contain is lost.  …
I'm starting to believe this bullshit Chinese virus is a scheme concocted up by the New World Order to crash the economy and bring President Trump down I'm sure Hillary and Barry are behind it also.
Massive stimulus will mean nothing if we fail to stop virus spreading, writes  …
"In the likely epicenter of the virus -- the so-called wet-markets of Wuhan, China -- where wild animals are held captive together and sold as delicacies or pets, a terrifying mix of viruses and species can occur."  …
Trump is loved by the people. He excites people, he says what he is going to  & then does it. They wanted his rallies stopped (hmm virus happens) now they want to take him off tv so no one can hear him, have all  in mail( hmm fake ballots) they can’t stop him  …
the true virus has been here for some time. and we are all infected 
I want to hear your guys opinions about this but what if what if the corona virus was all a joke and on April 1st 2020, the government is going to say “April Fools” it was all a prank. What do you guys think?
I am so tired of damned lies told to smear the President.There are drugs being used successfully to treat this virus. #Trump wants the public to gain access to them quickly. Please tell me MSM, Chelsea Clinton & the rest of you morons, what's wrong with that?
It is LITERALLY the virus FROM CHINA.
The media organisation that generated toxic & divisive rhetoric, dismissing #Covid_19 as a hoax used by democrats for political gain, is now on the frontline of the virus.  …
This this this. My husband is an NHS doctor. He says himself he's not some hero. He'll go into work as and when needed always. But never mind cash give him proper PPE so he doesn't have to worry about getting the virus and transmitting it to his (immunosuppressed) family. Ffs.
Schumer on dems’ China virus “stimulus”: "You lose your job because of this crisis OR ANY OTHER REASON, the federal government will pay you your full salary for 4 to 6 months." So I can sexually harass my coworkers & have a 6 month paid vacation?! 
all jokes aside. this virus can really make you realize the blessing & importance of the things and people we may take for granted day to day. everything is a blessing no matter the size. cherish it all because you never know when it can be taken away. stay safe
PROMISING: New study has found evidence that  of hydroxychloroquine, and antibiotic azithromycin (aka Zithromax or Azithrocin) could be effective in treating the COVID-19 #coronavirus and reducing the duration of the virus in patients.  
Well I couldn’t even buy ANY meat for my dog, I could only find one pkg of frozen beef liver and chicken hearts today so that’s why he’s getting it on the menu today This is insanity!!! I have over 30,000 followers and don’t know one person with this virus! Does anyone have it
HE CAN'T SEE PAST HIS NOSE. CHINA MAKES 70% OF OUR MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. THEY OWN SMITHFIELD, SUPPLY ALL OF OUR RETAILERS. THEY HAVE VALUABLE LESSONS ABOUT #COVID19 THEY BUY OUR BONDS. WE NEED THEM. Asked why he continues to call it the “Chinese virus”  04
it's like the end of War of the Worlds except instead of Martians it's free market ideology, felled by a virus
watched smackdown they don't say specifically why they're filming at the Performance Centre except for "what's happening in the world right now" probably because they haven't decided if they're going to shorten it's name to Corona or Virus
I hate the fact that TSU or professors hasn’t sent out a survey or email asking if we had any access to internet, a laptop, a place to stay for those who on campus, or even if any of us are affected by this virus & how. Some haven’t emailed any information for next week at all.
EVERY Hospital will be full of Mams tomorrow..and they will be the #Hospital workers Hospitals are not the frontline in this war. You are. The medics treat the sick. The virus doesn’t spread. You spread it. You are the solution. 
I know you may think Nigerians aren’t taking the corona virus thingy serous But how do you tell Mummy Kabiru who relies on money made from the market to feed her kids that she can’t go out Starvation is a greater threat to her than the virus And that’s just the truth
CHINESE VIRUS!!!! CHINESE VIRUS!!!! CHINESE VIRUS!!!! That’s what it is!!!!
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for President Trump to call the coronavirus "the Chinese virus"  
...that started in China. Hence the China virus. If it started in the US, I would call it the US virus. It’s not racism and I stand by all people as well. But atsome point people just have to call it what it is.. Come on
If half the country is in panic mode and the other half is at Bondi, pubs and cafes we will never contain the virus. Maybe quickest way to contain so we can get out the other side is shut everything down. Schools maintain skeleton staff for emergency workers kids.
The world was not ready for the wrecking ball named ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ Patriots are fighting back. Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
Hey Gary Coleman, it is the Chinese virus. It came from China. Why are you blanketing the  with the nation of China's bad judgement? That addition of race seems REALLY RACIST to me...
PRAYER REQUEST Was just notified that a nurse will be tested for the virus. Will you please pray for her and also for those who work with her and all those who have been in contact with her and anyone who has been in contact with the people she works with etc.?
Meanwhile, my co-founder @lianakherrera’s family is in Peru. The entire country is under 14 day lockdown. Social media is full of patriotic vigor about stopping the virus together. The streets are empty. 7/n
We have an employee in China who we’ve been working with daily for the last few months. Here is some of what he’s told me about the virus response there. <thread>
ima go to sleep someone wake me up when this whole corona virus thing is over ?
Bookstores will be needed when there is break from the virus, we may not know when it is, but people will be SO SICK OF SHOPPING ONLINE. Help the shops reopen by helping them keep people safe and healthy now while maintaining their storefront. It isn't forever.
In the same way, the disease called "AIDS" is caused by a virus called "HIV". The virus (which has the official name of SARS-CoV-2) is the agent that causes the disease in humans called COVID-19. The virus causes the disease, but they have been given different names.  …
URGENT Please send the attached letter to Andrea Albutt, the President Prison Governors Association in the UK, demanding the immediate release of Julian Assange to ensure his safety amidst this disastrous Coronavirus virus pandemic. And please share, share, share!  …
As I was leading an ONLINE #CHURCHSERVICE tonight- I got word from my Sister that my 82 year old Mom who lives in Florida tested positive for the Corona Virus... My Mom who before she got married was a Nun-is an Italian woman who I thought nothing could mess with! Please pray!
I’m still seeing motherfuckers outside in NYC. Folks really aren’t taking this shit seriously. We should’ve called this shit the 9/11 virus.
We are in a crisis because of a new virus for which people have little or no immunity. The crisis was made worse because for weeks TRump & Republicans denied the crisis. Used talking points like Dem. Hoax- denied the pandemic & failed to prepare- tests, equipment, PPEs. Shameful
RED STATE reported: WaPo Calls for End to Live Broadcasts of Trump's Daily Chinese Virus Briefings as Approval Ratings  …
only 15 new cases Jan 3-10? according to the Chinese authorities, the virus behind the Wuhan cases can cause severe illness in some patients and does not appear to pass easily from person to person. ..of the 59 patients, only 7 have been seriously ill.  …
It’s not China’s fault Trump ignored months of warnings from the intelligence agencies about the virus. It’s not China’s fault Trump called the virus a hoax. It’s not China’s fault that Trump failed to produce enough tests or ventilators. It’s Trump’s fault.
If you have w second home in a remote virus  somewhere scenic please fck off you selfish turds. Id fully back the locals/local shops etc turning a water hose on you from a safe 2m distance.
The danger was already clear when he descended the escalator and spread his virus.
We need this for the November election. We must assume that this virus will resurge in the fall, even if it does die back during summer. VBM is how we ensure everyone can vote. Call your representatives in Congress. @resistbot is a great tool for doing  …
But don’t you dare call it the Chinese virus, right  …
Strip searching kids for eckies - easy, necessary Checking death boat imports for widely publicised virus - nope!  …
Many people still hang out and go to gatherings like COVID-19 doesn’t exist. Please stop going out with people that are not living in your house so we can help those in charge get rid of this virus as soon as possible!! 
Dems hate it when they can't KILL BABIES! Despite orders banning Non-Essential procedures during the Chinese Virus Crisis Ohio Abortion Clinics remained open last week. Finally AG Yost Orders Clinics to Stop Non-Essential & Elective Surgical Abortions  …
Albay Rep. Edcel Lagman said dealing with the virus is a scientific issue and no amount legislation would stop its spread. |  …
How can people argue that capitalism works when our entire system is paralysed and crashes when a new  along? Is the whole human race suicidal?
COVID-19 is not the “Chinese virus." It is a worldwide pandemic. My administration stands with the  in rejecting these falsehoods and racism. Chicago’s response to this pandemic will be determined by science  not fear and bigotry.
On behalf of @NHSBartsHealth a plea that we all confront Coronavirus in London. The NHS needs Londoners to play their part  this virus & ensure that our health services can cope. Please keep in mind our amazing NHS staff who are working day & night on the front line  …
So you mean that CNN,  . were wrong when they referred to it (correctly) as the Wuhan virus. I don't see the people of Lyme, CT raising an issue w Lyme disease. Quit being a feckless politician for once and do something remotely responsible
As more people are getting cut from jobs and suffering from this virus, my family and I are donating $200 worth of GROCERIES to a family in need that messages me. Please contact me if you or someone you know could benefit from this and we will choose someone shortly!
It doesn't matter if you can't shoot the virus with a tank, violence and posturing is the only response America knows  …
Lobbying to reverse #singleuseplastic bans during a global #CoronavirusPandemic seems grossly inappropriate. Reusable bags do not spread the virus. People who do not practice social distancing do! #covid19Canada  …
Motherfuckers really think the virus is going to think they’re too cool to infect
Stay Home!You can still have severe formof covid 19 no matter how old you are!No matter how healthy you are!No matter if you don’t have pre-existing conditions/smoking history!I was healthy 32 never smoke!I got virus by taking subway&attend medical conference near timessquare x4D
Dear LUBERALS. @realDonaldTrump didn't call the RED CHINESE VIRUS a hoax. Period. CHINA held information back for 4 months from the PLANET. But you're angry at TRUMP? GOOD GOD, Just LEAVE this PLANET! Today!
Don't be in a fool's paradise. Once local transmission happens, it does not matter what is the source. Brace for a disturbing summer. The only way you can contribute is by staying at home, avoid all contacts, wash hands repeatedly n hope you don't contract the virus!
We need to bring people together to fight Coronavirus. Blaming China may seem like good politics, but it doesn’t solve anything, or mitigate the Trump Administration’s failures. Calling it the “Chinese virus” only breeds disunity, discrimination and division. Enough already.
Last but not least, call me all sorts of names but that guy with the virus wanted to get it. Why would a normal person go to a country that has already registered a number of deaths despite all the warnings that were put across?
3 blocks from my house...I’m scared Florida coronavirus updates: Virus hits Florida middle school - South Florida Sun-Sentinel  …
How long can #COVID19 last on surfaces? In this Q&A, JHU cell biologist Carolyn Machamer discusses recent findings and what they mean for efforts to protect against the spread of the virus.  …
Trump is treating this public health crisis like it’s a PR problem. He’s trying to blame China for his mistakes. Democrats need to make clear Trump’s lying about the virus and ignoring the need for tests and ventilators got us to lockdown and hospital overload.  …
Kristen has a huge house with all amenities, her friends live there with her, so she won’t be alone. She has been a smoker for 12 years... Am I crazy for thinking about her weakened lungs with this respiraty virus going around? No. She should take care of herself. That’s it.
Everybody agrees that China didn't do enough to contain the virus at the beginning and that its data is misleading or outright fake, and yet, months later, no two people agree on what we should be doing, or on how severe the virus is, or on what any country's data means.
Until tonight, @jdbalart⁩ had never interviewed his brother, ⁦Rep. @MarioDB (R-Fla.)⁩, on TV before. He asked his brother how the first member of Congress with #Covid_19 is faring. The virus “hit me like a ton of bricks,” he says.  …
Cara virus Covid 19 merebak. Kalau droplet besar, dia travel <1m. Kalau droplet kecil >1m. Hand wash helps a lot to prevent transmission. 
BREAKING - According to Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Great Britain is only "two to three weeks" behind Italy. If not all the authorities cooperate to prevent the spread of the #COVID19 virus, the British health system could be overtaxed, he told the "Sunday Telegraph". 
Almost every customer I've talked to while working at hobby lobby today has said that the only reason they're shopping here is bc they're bored at home. Are you fucking kidding me? YOU'RE THE REASON THIS VIRUS IS SPREADING. STAY THE FUCK HOME.
Of course it is. No other state has believed it can beat a virus because it won a world cup 50 years ago.  …
We've discovered a potential cure for the Chinese virus. Trump wants the CDC to work quickly to approve it so it can be used - democrats are pissed & encouraging people NOT to take it.... Just in case you were still wondering who actually cares about the American people
Trump now calling it the “Chinese virus” (after claiming it was a hoax 2 wks ago) is the racist version of Boris now blaming those not self quarantining (after telling people to do the opposite until this week). They’re both intended to get ahead of & deflect from what’s 
I appreciate @JerryFalwellJr pointing out this inconvenient truth. The haters will accuse him of politicizing the virus. But the only folks playing politics with people's lives and livelihoods are Democrats and the Mainstream Media.  …
These TPs from Trump's NSC blaming China perfectly describe the WH response: "Instead, the... government hid news of the virus from its own people for weeks, while suppressing information and punishing doctors and journalists who raised the alarm."  …
Italy's death rate may be higher than we thought. “We believe the true numbers (of COVID-19-related deaths) are hidden, because many people are dying at home or in structures for the elderly, and they have never been tested for the virus.”  …
And btw, I just heard on the news that it doesn’t matter how many “tests” we now have because we don’t have enough protective gear for health care workers to wear WHILE ADMINISTERING the tests — they risk catching the virus otherwise — so we can’t use the tests.  …
“the virus is viable for up to 72 hours on plastics, 48 hours on stainless steel, 24 hours on cardboard, and 4 hours on copper. It is also detectable in the air for three hours.”  …
The President has declared Wednesday as a National Day of Fasting... So the fasting go fii drive away the virus right???
Also if someone has severe disease with duration of symptoms more than 5 days they may have a negative URT specimen but virus may be deep in lungs. Look at patient and chest X-ray. Not just a nose or throat swab result.  …
This is media hype means to panic. The virus, in its early stage, has had this death rate almost everywhere. Then, it suddenly drops off about 3-4 weeks in from the 1st death, until it gets to a rate of 0, as in Wuhan. This  w/ most viruses.   …
May Allah protect my grandmother from This virus In Sha allah
No one else on the planet is calling it the Chinese Virus. Just racist Republicans  …
Sono con te Italia My family live in Italy. This is what hours of wearing a FFP3 mask does. To all health & medical professionals across the world who are fighting this virus 24/7 to provide urgent care & support, you are truly incredible. #restiamoacasa #StayAtHome 
Then they wanna be crying when they get the corona virus. Idiots  …
Tell that to Xi. He knew about the virus and let *tens of thousands* of Chinese families attend that Lunar New Year Banquet exposing them to the deadly virus, silenced good doctors, let millions leave Wuhan untested, and unleashed the virus outside China’s borders.  …
Drove home from the hospital. Walked in through an open door. Took off my scrubbs and put them directly into the washing machine. Stepped into the shower. Virus-"free."
Trump fired the Pandemic Response Team because he's part Virus on his father's side.
Minister confirms Ghana’s first corona virus death #Covid_19 
Democrats would do everything humanly possible to thwart efforts to use an anti-Chinese Virus drug. They would. Human life is inconsequential to them. They are enjoying this.
None of us have any love for the Chinese Communist government. None of us have been lavishing praise on Xi (& on fellow dictators Putin & Kim) except for the Orange Idiot whom you serve. But screaming “CHINESE VIRUS!” now won’t speed up the testing & PPEs that Trump bungled. 
have any other countries got the virus as an example
Today is world #DownSyndromeAwareness day. The date 21/03 representing a 3rd incidence of the 21st chromosome. As you can imagine, fundraising activities have been curtailed by the virus. My pinned tweet has a fundraising link, but raising money is only one part of the fight.
Doctor Who Actress Sophia Myles Says Her Father Died of Coronavirus: 'Virus Finally Took Him' 
It's wild that during a pandemic spring breakers were partying on Florida beaches and now they'll bring the virus back to their hometowns. Everything in the US should've been on lockdown weeks ago! It was the only way to not overrun the hospitals.  …
Stay strong in what? Holding people from other countries captive? We want to LEAVE @peru not stay there and cough on your people! I see your media is blaming tourists for the virus. So let us the hell out of there!! #stuckinperu  …
If you are a believer, don’t fear Corona virus... #husky #dogsoftwitter #motivation 
Very, I have had the virus for 8 days. I hope I am wrong but I think tens of thousands will die from this. Many could have been saved by decisive early action by the government but for some reason the UK decided on a different course to everyone else.
SARS-Cov-2 virus is the result of a  between two different viruses, one close to RaTG13 and the other closer to the pangolin virus. In other words, it is a chimera between two pre-existing viruses.  …
This is why i LOVE and SUPPORT @JeffreeStar because he is actually helping people out there in need instead of singing a stupid cover with celebrities that help NO ONE.  on what the fuck is the cover going to do cure the virus? Be like Jeffree Star #JeffreeStarApproved 
Charts appear to confirm that, however you look at the situation, the impending UK death rate from #coronavirus will be among worst in world. The estimated rate is not helped by fact UK still not socially isolating enough & Johnson's 'Herd Immunity' gave virus a head start.
NOVEL CORONA VIRUS 2019 ADVISORY FOR LOCK DOWN IN THE MUNICIPALITY OF SURALLAH: ESTABLISHMENT ALLOWED TO OPEN: >RESTAURANT >BAKERY >PHARMACY >GROCERIES >WATER REFILLING STATION (NO DELIVERY, PICK-UP ONLY) >FISH, MEAT, VEGETABLES VENDORS (NO STREET VENDORS) >AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES
i just watched an entire concert by @leonbridges on his insta live just him sippin on some whiskey and his electric guitar and lemme tell y’all if there is anything i’m thankful about this corona virus quarantine... it’s that. bless that man and his God given voice/talent.
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'. Trump & #CorruptGOP are racist. They are using that term to try & point the finger at innocents. Can’t wait to see the monster fall to  …
It’s a Clint Eastwood movie starring Clint Eastwood as an old white guy who won’t stop saying “Chinese virus” until his wife gets sick and is treated by a Chinese-American doctor. There is a scene where he later yells at teenagers to “spread out or die.”  …
You’re falling for their trick. They want you to be focused on them calling it the Wuhan virus instead of focusing on their failure in addressing this early when we had a chance.
UPDATE: Fourth Warren virus case confirmed; 3rd Kentuckian dies  …
Barr with unlimited power could turn out to be more dangerous to democracy than the virus!
Countries that imposed mass quarantines are seeing no more effective results against the rate of growth of the virus, especially as measured in its death rate, as countries that don't. Countries that closed their schools see no difference than countries that didn't. Revaluate?
The world was late on response because China destroyed labs with information on the virus, punished doctors and allowed the virus to spread around the globe without warning  …
Swiss hospitals face collapse in 10 days if virus keeps spreading  As @marcelsalathe @icouzin have been articulating.
Look, I’m not a fan of the whole ‘martial law’ shit. But fuck man, people aren’t taking this shit seriously 2 weeks away from a potential meltdown! Regardless of what you think the virus is, or where it came from. People are going to die unless we isolate immediately 
This has nothing to do with the death virus I’m tired of looking at rich people’s wood-paneled libraries. Are there any rich people homes with awesome modernist/contemporary libraries?
I can’t keep cooking a bajillion meals a day. How did my mom do this? How did she feed four kids? Why did I  about eating roti and daal everyday? This is on twitter because I’m not giving her the satisfaction until she takes this virus more seriously.
Clout is more dangerous than any virus
This is the power of Allah, No guns, no bombs, no noise, One virus, one disease And the world has been Brought to a standstill, Brought down on its knees, This is all its took For me and you. To realise how Powerless we truly are, Will you then deny?
That's what happens pretty much everywhere in the first month of deaths of the virus. Then watch what happens after that: starts to decline to 50% every 3 days, then 33% every 3 days, then 25% every three days, then 15% every three days, until it reaches 0, like Wuhan.
Vice President Mike Pence said Saturday that he and his wife Karen would be tested for the coronavirus after a staff member in his office tested positive for the virus this week.  …
Are we wearing less and going out more once this virus disappears? YES WE ARE!
2/3 We continue to be concerned about the virus getting into high-risk settings like long-term care facilities & hospitals or  where risk of rapid spread & severe  are greatest. #COVID19 #ProtectTheVulnerable #FlattentheCurve #PlanktheCurve
Asian flu, Bolivian hemorrhagic fever, Ebola, German measles, Japanese encephalitis, Lyme disease, Marburg virus, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), Pontiac fever, Rift Valley fever, Spanish flu, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and West Nile virus.
Learning histories fought against the virus via @wef #tech #digital #data @sebasincha @mvollmer1 @kashthefuturist @DioFavatas  @omeroymak @Nicochan33 @DrBonillaOnc @UrsBolt @nishant_arora @WSWMUC @sallyeaves @KenLittle 
Update: Italy now reports 4825 deaths from coronavirus, surpassing China as the country with highest death toll. Why? A new (unproven) theory suggests the virus has been there since November, emerging in Lombardy shortly after it arrived in Wuhan.  …
Remember only 15 days ago, when "Thousands of people marched together for the climate in Brussels today! With young climate activists from all European countries present!" I wonder how much COVID-19 virus was transmitted.  …
suits characters that totally respects the virus but like people are gonna die anyway so believe we shouldn’t do anything to fix it 
I hate this corona virus :( AHHH
Feeling a lot of things. Things that are already difficult are  by this virus
Idk if everyone’s getting this idea of social distancing.... just because ur inside someone’s house with 20 of u instead of in a club doesn’t make u any less likely to stop the spread of the corona virus
I cancelled my trip to Italy in February. IN FEBUARY. And I had it booked for fall. If anyone needs receipts on how loud I screamed about this damn virus, ask @daibyday and @wickdchiq because I flat out knew this was going to be bad. @Mikeggibbs knows too. Smdh. #Toronto
There are side effects from every single freaking medication we take. If you’re an agnostic, or an atheist, pray to God you, a senior citizen, don’t get the Chinese Virus, for this is the treatment they’ll prescribe for you. It was given to my sister in law in Madrid, she’s fine  …
Two big things people are missing: how exponential growth works, and that there's a 2 week lag between any action taken to reduce the spread of the virus and any effect in terms of measured positive cases
You need to have a serious word with yourself. This woman  ruined Scotland. Try living here to experience how bad it is. The NHS will be in serious difficulties should the virus escalate. Glad the views are yours alone. They’re wrong in this case.  …
Tanks have arrived  *checks notes* the virus  …
This was absolutely predictable. Also predictable: the virus at Rikers will boomerang back into the  Fuck all the politicians – mayor, police chief, DAs, judges –who decided caging tons of people needlessly was more important than the health of NYC.  …
Dear @realDonaldTrump - You were briefed about the Virus in December & DID NOTHING. Is this part of your "I take no Responsibility at all" World Tour?? Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus  …
Comparative analyses of SAR-CoV2 genomes from different geographical locations and other coronavirus family genomes reveals unique features potentially consequential to host-virus interaction and pathogenesis  … #bioRxiv
This is NOT the time to make attacks on any politicians or any of their supporters. We have  enemy, this virus. We are all on the SAME team right now. Anyone doing a bad job, we can address when this is over. But they don’t need to try to defend themselves AND the virus.
young folks, be safe please, this virus can kill you too
Health officials in NY, CA & other hard-hit parts of the US are restricting #coronavirus testing to health care workers & the severely ill, saying the battle to contain the virus is lost and the country is moving into a new phase of the pandemic response.  …
The CCP is the real virus
Beijing’s attempts to elude blame for the Wuhan virus will backfire  …
We shall, suffice. The most difficult angle is the economic angle. The virus has more dire economic effects. So Many families may slip deep in abject poverty if any government does not make right interventions. 
When this Corona virus shh is settled and the world is back to normal CHINA has a lot of explanation to do.
Some FakeNews clowns were quick to accuse @realDonaldTrump of xenophobia and bigotry because he called #coronavirus “foreign” “Chinese” or “the Wuhan Coronavirus.” But in fact, scores of media members have used those terms to refer to the origin of the virus. #KeepAmericaGreat
Chuck and Mark are joined by @va_shiva to discuss the latest on the China virus. Check out this episode of #BFT to find out more.  
Following the outbreak of the coronavirus, the Trump Administration quickly signed a bill that: Provides $7.76 billion to federal, state, and local agencies  the virus Authorizes $500 million in waivers for Medicare telehealth restrictions.
74 more miles of border wall set to go up in Arizona, feds say Too bad the money wasn’t spent in MEDICAL SUPPLIES INSTEAD... #Trump found out about the virus in January AMERICANS ARE NOW DYING #MOG #StayAtHome #MAGA #FoxNews  …
Also, if 70 years old is an abstraction to you: Picture Bruce Springsteen getting this virus, Dylan (almost 80), Stevie Wonder. That's who you're protecting by staying inside, by washing your hands, by doing the right thing.
Which is the worst virus presently facing America?
Y'all wanna know what the REAL virus is? Sin. 
The article actually says each person "has a low probability of catching COVID-19" WTF? Do people not actually understand what a pandemic is? It doesn't stop until it is ENDEMIC. When a novel virus emerges nobody is immune. Where the f--- does this "low  from?
For the people saying it’s just the name of the Virus.  …
Deal with mosque dwellers Boris Johnson. They MUST be made to conform to OUR laws with immediate effect or face legal consequences, just as everyone else will. END the two tier law system that fosters in the UK or you will not control this virus.
CCP Virus！Thanks Josh！  …
Banking Giant JP Morgan- Renewable energy stocks could be the first to recover from the virus-fueled crisis Among the reasons- early signs of recovery +"Renewable energy is cheap!" #EnergyTransition #renewables #ClimateAction 
A proper demonstration of how to fight the virus brought to you by the world’s cutest babies:  …
Can't they just shoot the person who came with the virus ?
Russian collusion failed, impeachment failed, is this #WuhanVirus another attempt to get rid of Trump? Was it engineered to destroy our economy so as to ruin Trump's presidency? Media is using this virus to get rid of Trump but maybe it is deeper than  …
Do you think revelations about RW supremist trying to increase spread of virus is why OAN had to amp up Chinese racism on trumps behalf?
He is so fucking mad at this virus. His timeline is a treat. 
this virus feels like a soft launch. i hope we learn the lessons we need to.
Every time I see her face I throw up in my mouth. She to wants to remove Trump and the awesome news conferences about the China Communist Party Virus from being aired. Seriously, who do they think they are? MSNBC's Maddow wants Trump kept off TV  …
Humanity strikes back! (Actually robots blasting ultraviolet anti-virus death rays strike back ... )  
Note the incredible low rate of infection amongst those who came in close contact with the virus. This confirms what the data shows: the virus finds the susceptible first, and goes wild for am month or so, then hits a wall, and slowly, but steadily, declines to flu-like risks.  …
The 89-year-old father of the first Bulacan fatality who died from the COVID-19 has also died due to the same virus, the Bulacan Public Health Office announced.  …
Navy Says it Will no Longer Name Ships with COVID-19 Cases as Virus Spreads on Waterfront 
So, the only state still open is Virginia on the east coast! That is where all the elites are, all the politicians. They travel & they have been to places, guess they are not afraid to get this virus or they know it's not as bad as they say it is. I am talking about the dems.
Patricia Farrington is so right. Seems that people might be taking Airbnb in country areas bringing the virus with them.  …
Wow, thanks for the amazing info dude...I never even considered talking to my doctor before starting a drug regimen for a Chinese virus Morons.
If you have learned anything at all from my tweets, it should be that you are better off dead from a virus than submitting to a Chosen™ world order.
Reporters keep asking #trump why he uses the racist term #ChinaVirus. He lamely replies: because  from China. We know where it came from. We don't need his racism injected into a deadly virus. It's the #coronavirus or #COVID19. It's not the China Virus.
I am day 8 of this shit virus. I am a relatively healthy 58 year old man. I still feel terrible. My advice is, if you think you are immune, you are not. You or someone you know will die in the next 6 months. Let that sink in before you selfishly endanger others.
We need clear language on this sorta thing. Like: This virus eats human lungs. It's mutated at least four times already.. Because it is new, NO ONE has immunity. And there is no reliable treatment yet.' I hope we all feel like fools by the 4th of July for overreacting. If not?
Serious question: how is the Clinton foundation  the Wuhan virus right now? Hillary's tweeting doesn't count.
I hope this virus dies and  back to life ever again.
Please stop encouraging this. She is putting them more in danger than helping. If one of these people have the virus they all now more than likely have it.
I see people disputing  “I wish they’d told us earlier.” But this is a  The CCP focused on covering up rather than fighting virus for months. After being more honest, repeated requests by CDC for access/ info ignored.
Bringing bac 2012 once all this Virus shit over I’m dropping Part 2. 
Please listen to the experts here. @GovBillLee needs to issue a directive to shelter-in-place. We should have been orderly transitioning in this direction with statewide closures for the last week. We cannot afford to be playing catch-up on the covid virus response.  …
We need to lock down Australia now. I’m an ICU nurse and we are expecting to worst! Let’s stop the spread of this virus and support the economy once we have recovered #COVID19Aus @PatsKarvelas @PaulBongiorno @David_Speers @AlboMP @ScottMorrisonMP @annikasmethurst @frankelly08
I hope this virus  back.
This virus is out of the hands of leaders and authorities, we just have to take good care of ourselves. And also our President Nana Addo has pleaded with us to observe a fasting on Wednesday, please let’s do it. Thank You
PM @JustinTrudeau “As we continue to feel the impacts of this virus ( #COVID19) it will be more important than ever to fight against fear, misinfo, & stigma We must continue to pull together Because in times of need, our strength is defined by how we care for each other  …
My best friend is on dialysis and was told today she’s in isolation until this virus it FULLY gone. No idea when I will see her again. And these selfish people think this is ok? Those food trucks should be shut. @SimonHarrisTD & @LeoVaradkar you need to stop this now.  …
Nothing more annoying than someone correcting you on technicalities when they are wrong. The virus is  known as WuFlu or the “Chinese virus”. The “disease” it causes (odd for something with such varied symptoms) is Covid-19.  …
imagine HOW MANY mixtapes with "corona", "covid" and "virus" puns on their titles will be out in a few weeks buckle up I'm gonna dodge them harder than I'm dodging this virus 
corona virus test, wish me luck. doctor actin strange 
We all make wild dey fight corona virus Shatta Wale and Sarkodie matters doesn't concern anyone here now Small small and we get through NBS heat we go 
Stay home stay calm just little more we will beat this virus soon. #italystaystrong #COVID19italia 
They didn’t #Insiders “pick up corona virus cases by accident” - they had been tested and were waiting for results when NSW Govt decided they could go and get on planes, taxis and public transport and go home.
So the feds do a super serious investigative report on WN joking on telegram about coofing at wall street bankers, meanwhile blacks are posting videos of themselves actually coofing on white people and telling them they have the virus.  …
of all the things this virus has taken from us, I think not being able to convincingly lie about why I haven't returned someone's email hurts the most
Still blaming China, who we'll need to supply items to help us with this virus. Unbelievable
soo mercy just texted me and said he has corona virus. he said it is getting serious and he’s gonna he gone for awhile while he is being treated. he said he wishes everyone the best and to be safe.
And just like that...the whole virus crisis is revealed as a Protestant plot...  …
Gv2-46 them boys gonna shoot down the virus 
When will the MSM and Hillary Clinton decide to join the fight against the Chinese Virus They seem to be content to sit on the sidelines and criticize everyone and everything being done MSM and Hillary are like a person screaming at an accident, of no use whatsoever
I don’t think people will take social distancing serious until someone they are close to is terribly infected with the virus #StayHome
Stupidity is the REAL virus.
How I'm tryna be having tea with this scary virus stuff going on. How are you holding up? Game gif responses only. 
A fun way to find out if a person assaulted someone or killed them is to invite 12 random people to sit together and talk about it and then let them go home and pass on a potentially deadly virus. It is not hypocritical in the slightest.
if anyone can stop the corona virus it’s mitchel cave I don’t need evidence to support my claim it simply is what it is
Jan 3rd 2020 China pneumonia outbreak: MYSTERY virus probed in Wuhan ~Wuhan police said 8 people had been punished for publishing/forwarding false information on the internet without verification Jan 31 2020 @realDonaldTrump shuts down travel with  …
Graduates of MICROBIOLOGY that are supposed to be making research on this Corona virus are now tailors, make up artists. Nana Addo don’t worry the fasting we go do give you
black peoples are not immune to that virus some of y’all believe anything y’all see
Congress calling for national prayer as initiated by the God-hating president? Hypocrisy levels in our government is rising faster than the stats for corona virus spread.
The sickness in America isn't limited to the virus  …
Repoter: Corona virus Shatta bundle : Cororo haviros I'm going to urinate, thank you
Americans aren’t stocking up on toilet paper because we fear a virus. It’s because we fear our system won’t protect us. Because while #coronavirus doesn’t discriminate, its impacts certainly  …
Per Ann Coulter: “Lombardy is the Italian region most devastated by the Wuhan virus. As far back as 2003, a Library of Congress report cited Lombardy as having the highest concentration of Chinese immigrants in Italy.”
This virus is way beyond petty politics! Stop being a c*nt!!!!
And you parents who are letting your kids out in groups ....you are a fucking joke!!!! My kids would love to go out but I’m not letting them . Me personally being a type 1 diabetic need this virus gone ASAP, please don’t think it’s cool breaking the rules!!! You look pathetic .
7 positive coronavirus tests with each case showing ZERO symptoms. Certainly makes me wonder how widespread the virus already is  …
"Wash, wash, wash your hands, wash them every day. Merrily, merrily, merrily keeps the virus away"- this 4 year old made my day with her #SafeHands anthem. Thank you @vineetabhardwaj for sharing it with us and for supporting @WHO!  …
How do you shoot a virus?  …
France to use helicopters, drones to enforce virus restrictions  
This from the guy who sat on his hands fo a month, refusing to stop virus at our borders when it was still viable to do so. All transmission cases in Canada are now on your head due to your refusal to act in a reasonable time period. You can’t wash your hands of accountability.
I'm sure you'll be perfectly immune from getting Wuhan virus as you are emptying patient urinals and Foley catheter bags in California. That tickle in your throat is probably just allergies and those beads of sweat on your brow just garden-variety ceftriaxone resistant gonorrhea. 
If we shut down the world every time a new virus hit, we could never function as a society or economy.  …
We need paid sick leave for delivery workers. If they aren't checked for temperature multiple times a day, sent home with pay when sick, and taken care of then that will be a major vector for spreading the virus.  …
TINI via Instagram: “Today I celebrated my birthday in a very special way (...) because we had to defend ourselves from the virus that dwells on the street & waits silently to enter our body (...) This virus is teaching us that solidarity, respect will allow us to  this” 
i felt sick this morning so i thought i had Corona virus... turns out i’m just pregnant. 
Why is @realdonaldtrump not allowed to say “Chinese Virus”... ..but the entire Democratic Party has been saying “Russian Collusion” for 3 years..? I’m going to go ahead and pull out the old faithful Racism/Xenophobic card on this one. Double standard is their ONLY standard.
Virus News: Elon Musk Talks Ventilators With Medtronic - Bloomberg #JTS ⁦ @anndylian⁩ ⁦ @Blockcastcc⁩ hope to see ⁦ @elonmusk⁩ put something together we are all definitely in need wide #CoronavirusPandemic  …
People of wealth, power and fame seem to have a problem avoiding the "virus." These people are, literally, sick. 
corona virus is helping my FOMO. if i’m not going out Nobody is
So inmates should be free and virus victims should move to jail,wonderful  …
I wish I could ask the @POTUS one question. You knew this virus  why were you/we not prepared with supplies, tests and already working on vaccines/therapeutics? Even republicans have to agree, instead of calling it a hoax we could’ve been preparing. Malpractice.
After Nasal’s temperature was at 38, it wasn’t conclusive that he had corona virus. Uganda Virus Research Institute had to do lab tests. Results were given to the Minister & the President made aware. Later public had to know through a press conference. It’s called protocol.  …
Serious questions will need to be asked about Heathrow expansion in the wake of #covid19. The spread of the virus is linked to air routes. Do we really want another 130 million passing through? We need to start asking what's good for us and not just what's good for the economy. 
One of the reasons we’ve been given for closing schools to stop the spread of coronavirus is that children who are asymptomatic may carry the virus home and infect the rest of their families. The WHO team could not find any evidence of that happening. 
Virus-free dogwalker for hire IG mason.asher_thesheps 
The virus is just an excuse. This administration has been trying to suspend Constitutional Rights for the past 3 years.
I bet you Kaz is telling the 6 people still in his paid group that he called the virus in February 2019
International Survey on Corona Virus Please help researchers from Harvard, Warwick, Cambridge and other universities understand how people cope with coronavirus! Survey takes 10mins and is available in many languages. 
In response to those irresponsible folk suggesting the average age of Italian Coronavirus virus victims is 79.5, I should say that the BBC News website is reporting that it's 78.5. So the screaming, hysterical shutdown/shelter-in-place folk are right: young people *are* at risk.
The virus really afflicting America is Trump and the bacterium that support him. I'll take Covid any day over having to live in a society run by these awful morally bankrupt people.
How the Coronavirus Became an American Catastrophe The death and economic damage sweeping the United States could have been avoided — if only we had started testing for the virus sooner. That abject failure will be a major part of Trump’s sad legacy.  …
TOMORROW ON #MTP: American  to a halt as the number of coronavirus cases continues to grow. @GovLarryHogan and @FEMA_Pete join as parts of the country shut down to stop the virus' spread. 
Trump was referring to “China.” Meaning China should have let us know sooner about the virus.
All those out in large groups today, enjoying the sunshine, showing the world they won’t kowtow to a virus. In 2-3 weeks many will be ill, some desperately so, and loved ones will ask “how did this happen?” It happened when you ignored advice to stay at home #covid19UK #nhs
But there are other reasons: -Something I learned today was how much the virus hates ultraviolet light. So Rnaught goes down by an estimated 1/2% point. (So from 2.3 to 1.8 for example. Skip the next tweet if you already know what Rnaught is (but stop being so smug ). 10/
Nowadays, we often hear about thousands of huge genomes being sequenced. There was a time when such an achievement was just a dream. Until 1975, when the sequence of a small virus, phiX174, was determined by Frederick Sanger. Here's the story in @sciam  
Best of luck shooting a virus  …
For the people still not getting it: Combine pandemic with— -virus mutating -terrorist attack -natural disaster And your society is on the brink of total collapse. If you’re living through a tail risk event you want to minimise *further risk* Not rocket science.
The problem with linking the virus with China is not the obviousness of its origin, but rather the contribution to stigmatize Asian-Americans, ignoring the historical background of this behavior in American society.
The government advice is being updated all the time. We need to play our part in slowing the spread of the virus which is increasing exponentially. Please only make use of your allocated school place if your work is absolutely essential in the fight against COVID 19. 
Extremists aren’t just using #coronavirus to spread disinformation and hate. They’ve also discussed using the virus as a bioweapon — targeted at “nonwhite” people and law enforcement. Read more here from ⁦ @hunterw⁩ and ⁦ @janawinter⁩  …
Dybala and his babe don get Corona virus
Hungarian PM Viktor #Orban has decided that extraordinary are needed to limit the spread of the #Coronavirus in #Hungary He has asked parliament to let him rule by decree until the end of 2020 It will be interesting to see how efficient he will be in his fight against the virus  …
My husband takes anti-depressants. For anyone on those, you know withdrawal from lack of meds is a bad idea. His psychiatrist retired without referrals to patients just before this virus hit and now, no one can get in to see even a regular doctor at this point. But there's help!
Wuhan went under lockdown after 571 cases were reported and 17 people had died. That is how China was able to contain the virus within Wuhan and recorded only few cases in other major cities like Beijing. New York has recorded over 10,000 cases and Trump is picking his nose.
 of seeing highly educated people like medical experts as “the elite” + the current level of individualism, is exactly what this virus needs to spread and kill uncontrollably. Sorry for being pessimistic about this, but fuuuuck.
The analyses clearly show that SARS-CoV-2 is not a laboratory construct or a purposefully manipulated virus  …
This may explain Trump's slow walking his response to the GOP Virus. He is engineering a dictatorship, create disaster & panic, take all powers and never look back. That's how it's been done before.
Hey guys! Like a lot of people, my  is being damaged by this virus situation, so  are now very much OPEN - including  for those who want something smaller! Take a look! DM if interested! RT's APPRECIATED 
Due to the Corona Virus my parents have decide they will keep taking orders but to go only. You can order through the phone & it’ll be ready for pick up, unfortunately we will not be delivering. They have also decided to allow 8-10 people at a time to eat inside. 
Good! No telling what can happen in two weeks! The talent and the staff are a danger to each other with this virus  …
Some people think this is just a matter of politics, ignoring the technical expertise necessary to stop this #COVIDpandemic. Others think its just a technical question of how to stop a virus, ignoring the political context that perpetuates it. Both are wrong. We need both-and.
Is it true that corona beer sales have dropped for fear of catching the virus ?? Surely someone is having me on
So next time you hear reference to "Chinese virus", refer back to this map showing how countries used to blame each other for the arrival and spread of syphilis.  …
Zimbabwe Police dealing with the church that refused to take instructions of closing for Corona virus (Koro). 
You don't get to police people's thoughts with your PC crap It's the Chinese Virus - deal with it  …
This time in 2 weeks a lot of us will be devastated because we’ve been touch by the virus in some way. Wise up Britain, It’s already here. Take action. #StayHomeSaveLives #COVIDIOT 
If you gonna politicise this issue den you den the Virus, what be the difference?
We’re hearing more reports just like this from the UK. Just like we did from China. Just like we did from Italy. Let’s work to be different. Stay home, keep physically apart. It’s our only chance - spread the word, not the virus.  …
Seems people are buying guns and bullets like toilet paper. Are they going to shoot the virus or going to shoot someone so they can get toilet paper?
I have to admit this is kind of enraging but I’m hopeful that the social distancing steps people are now taking will stop virus spread.  …
I saw that live. They were talking about how China hid the virus from Us. Currently we’re in a live exercise, and they should have [let us know] and we wouldn’t be in the situation. That’s what I got from that when I heard it.
Look at countries that have been successful  the virus. The east asians are all doing something right. Copy them.  …
This week the House passed the Families First Coronavirus Response Act. It provides emergency spending to respond to COVID-19 including free testing for the virus, and food & unemployment benefits. Ted Budd (R - NC13) voted against it. Support @HuffmanForNC and vote him out.
Australia should be trending towards Taiwan  not  UK increase. It was always in our ability not to stop the emergence of the virus but to take workable measures to do lower the impact. We did not do this. @David_Speers  …
This video from India is sobering. Migrant workers returning home as jobs in cities dry up. These are hard times - often informal jobs, no safety net. Returning home makes sense for them individually, but could spread the virus nationally.  weeks will be critical.  …
For more on coronavirus please listen to my report on the daily “One City’s Fight to Stop the Virus” a.k.a. “How A Journalist Got Coronavirus”  …
ordered a gallon of 200-proof alcohol to spray on things to disinfect them because - ethanol is safer to spray than rubbing alcohol because it’s food-grade and therefore inhaled droplets aren’t toxic - apparently ethanol has more potent broad-spectrum virus inactivation action
When i tell y’all i ain’t never been this bored. I’m tired of my Xbox, I’m tired of my phone, I’m tired of being tired of my phone, I’m tired of Netflix, I’m tired of Hulu, I’m tired of home workouts, im not touching my homework, I just want this virus to be over my g.
Senegal’s Ministry of Health confirms what so many were fearing. We have more local then imported cases. Some are ‘community based transmission’. In other words there are people out there spreading the virus without knowing it. Number of cases 56.
Quarantine Day 6: Im doing looks inspired by the virus 
You trust the guy who looked at an eclipse, who can’t spell his wife’s name or the word “hamburgers,” who thought we should nuke hurricanes, windmills cause cancer & said “this virus will disappear like a miracle” as he downplayed it for months? THIS GUY?? 
The UK reported 5,018 coronavirus cases and 233 deaths. Here's all we know about how the virus is spreading across Britain.  … via @businessinsider
It really breaks my heart to see so many  members being affected by this virus situation. If I could fix all problems, I would. For now, here's what I (and many others) can do to help: Provide a source of entertainment to help free your mind during tough times
History will remember when the virus left and this history will begin before Ramadan starts Insha Allah
first Vanessa Hudgens with the Coachella, then Evangeline Lilly with her freedom and now Doutzen Kroes who think we should be grateful for the virus when 700 people have died today in Italy alone... those people are making me sick to my stomach, I'm disgusted
holy fuck im freaking out a member of the CDC just called me and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass. send this to 5 hoes you think might be infected
"Scientists discovered the virus is detectable for up to three hours in aerosols, up to four hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard and up to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel."  …
3 in 4 people in #Philadelphia jails are held for technical, non-criminal probation/parole violations & 4 out of 5 people in #Philly jails are Black/Latinex. Get serious judges this virus is real! @DA_LarryKrasner @aclupa @REFORM @StoneleighFdn @voices_hive @JustLeadersUSA
November is a few months away & this virus is the perfect reason 4 them to fck w the laws n cancel the election, the DOJ is already workin on being able to go to extremes due to the virus. Wether u belive the virus was intentional (I do ) or not the end game is what’s at stake
American doctors say trump's regime is covering up cases. They are absolutely correct. From people I have spoken to the virus is far worse than being reported and the numbers are suppressed. Its horrific! Also trump's cronies are profiting off this crisis.
Staying home is our biggest weapon to fight the Corona Virus. #StayHomeSaveLives
The virus cannot be shot or stabbed in case anyone is wondering.
I am living in a big  in Goiania Brazil at the moment Since the corona virus outbreak and the quarantine Its crazy the amount of screaming and couples arguing i hear now since it started Scared and irritated I hope this ends soon
Epidemiologists are warning that Florida’s slowness in closing beaches created a situation in which spring break partiers spread the virus all over the country  …
I really don’t know how else to say this but this virus does not care what race, sex, class, creed or religion you belong to. Experts who have spent years studying the behaviour and patterns of diseases definitely know better than you, and they’re telling you to stay at home.
The virus when it sees you without hand sanitizer  
God please wash away this virus, like you washed away our sins...because I can’t.
All these people still going out and walking around are just as selfish and ignorant as those stock piling food for themselves. Stay inside and stop spreading the virus around. You are literally going to kill people.  …
Coronavirus tests on their way to Ukraine from China. As these tests are distributed nationwide, it will likely lead to a sharp rise in the number of confirmed Ukrainian cases. This increase will cause initial alarm - but it will actually help  the spread of the virus 
There should be a class action lawsuit against FOX News from relatives of viewers that have died because of the virus.
Not to brag or anything but I was washing my hands and using toilet paper before this virus.
Anyday #Corona or any virus better than these sub-human filth.  …
He urged Lagosians to call the #COVID19Lagos toll-free line: 08000CORONA, to receive important information from experts on how to stay free from the virus or report a suspected case @jidesanwoolu @drobafemihamzat @Lbslng #LASG #ForAGreaterLagos
Oguntona, however, stated that in view of the current reality of the COVID-19 outbreak; the Company has started taking more stringent decisions as part of efforts to contain and limit the spread of the virus @jidesanwoolu @drobafemihamzat @Lbslng #LASG #ForAGreaterLagos
There is a new virus still spreading, just as dangerous to all Americans: The deliberate negligence of the Trump admin to ignore, deflect & not put a plan in place is when it began. The continual gaslighting of America, denying truth & facts, is lethal. #WatchTheCountRise  …
Let’s hope the virus can’t read and realises it still has 48hrs to make a dash for the border  …
And let’s not forget the biggest, most horrific thing they did: They made sure the public got the clear message that “herd immunity” was salvation and effectively asked everyone to make sure at least 60% of the population caught the virus to stop it. No recovery from that. None
“A lot of ppl in Mexico would die unnecessarily unless the government gets very seriously prepared for this,” Jeffrey Sachs said. Getting prepared means taking drastic measures to curb the spread of the virus, bolstering hospitals & helping people cope when the economy halts.  …
I said this corona virus spreads like wild fire , we left from 10 cases straight to 40 cases and counting in just a single week. We need to be more careful out there, Cameroon’s are gradually getting outta hand. #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic
. @AndrewGillum may have the "Corona virus." This photo was taken in the room where Mr. Gillum was found naked and unresponsive on a vomit soaked towel. It is obvious he was exposed to the "Corona Virus" Note: This is an actual unretouched photo of the room. 
Please don’t flock to rural areas. West Wales, for example, is the poorest region in northern Europe and our infrastructure/transport isn’t set up to cope with the people who live there, let alone an influx bringing more virus. As I’ve said before: it’s not Narnia.
Seems people are buying guns and bullets like toilet paper. Are they going to shoot the virus or shoot someone so than get toilet paper?
Young fit and healthy footballer found himself struggling with Covid 19. A timely reminder to those assuming this is just effecting elderly people. This is not about individuals, it's about all of us. Cop on before the virus does!  …
Update. The school bus driver who wasn't allowed time off work to go get tested for COVID-19, just tested positive for COVID-19. They made her drive kids around for weeks with the virus. Wow.  …
Best advice for the day. Behave like you have the virus and are highly contagious when you're in contact with others. #COVID19nz
Cucumber virus who? Man I held my own graduation party *A thread* 
Forget face masks Cheesy trainers the latest weapon against the virus. #COVIDIOT 
Thanks @slimssf for the moments in music. I remember going there when I was a doorman across the street at the paradise lounge. When the virus clears, we all need to go out support local music more than ever @bottomofthehill  …
I tried reading but about  in I am done. So since this drug may have some side effects let everyone die from a virus the logic of the left is disgusting
Elk root was used to help in the infection with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome; Anthrax, a Type of Corona Virus. Elk Root has an effect on the immune system, your body's defense against germs. Research shows it increases the number of white blood cells, which fight infections  …
Someone somewhere joined in the 2020 New Year celebrations. They were happy,had aspirations & were looking forward to creating new memories. They didn’t know they were going to be killed by a deadly virus. They didn’t know
Hosted my first wedding in this corona virus era. 56 guests only. 21.03.20 
So I just watched John Scott on @FoxNews say that 1 of the symptoms of this Corona virus is a head cold. That's not true. It has not been true from day one. Fever, bad cough, chest congestion. I don't know what's going on. I can't stand the Fox on weekends.
#Coronavirus can cause severe lung inflammation. Insufficient oxygen then causes death. Those drugs are effective in reducing the inflammation, thereby giving the infected person a chance to recover naturally from the virus.  …
Message from @rokhsanafiaz: It’s Mothers’ Day weekend so I’m sending my best wishes to all our inspiring, nurturing, and fabulous Newham women. Follow expert advice to help to delay the spread of the virus and keep safe. 
"she began to worry that the spread of this virus would take the spotlight off her and her brave efforts and instead cause the world to worry about an actual, immediate crisis. ... "I still exist, remember!?""  …
I don't believe everyone is going to get this virus do you?
hi everyone!! @motsjinnie and i are planning on doing some kind of project during the next few weeks to help ease up certain negative emotions we’ve felt lately surrounding the virus. we are currently searching for people to help in organizing the “events” so please +
“Why aren’t we sidekicking the virus into submission... we have Chuck Norris for doing this”  …
Lancet says UK wasted 7 weeks 7 weeks to lock down virus Test Isolate Isolation Do what other countries did Prepare #NHS Instead eugenics Cummings and Patrick Vallance wanted deaths of thousands Extra deaths UK are a crime against humanity #NHSCovidHeroes  …
True, but we need 2 kinds of tests: to identify 1) the currently infected, & 2) those with immunity (previously infected, so now have antibodies to the virus). Those with positive antibody tests cannot infect others, so could help the economy & neighbors by doing critical work.  …
Have we tried throwing a billionaire into the volcano to appease the virus?
Maddow hits Trump's 'happy talk' on virus: 'I would stop putting those briefings on live TV'  …
I double checked the article. I double checked the date, and no, I wasn't born yesterday and you didn't say anything about future post-virus travel.....
People in Corpus about to find this guy who got the virus and sacrifice him to the Selena statue while eating some Whataburger
If he hid his face and left  to the info minister, same people  about the president not caring. Some will even speculate that he has also caught the virus. Leave him alone.  …
We need all hands on deck to slow the spread of #COVID19. The Presidential Election Campaign Fund has over $350 million. No major candidate has used it in over 15 years. Let’s use this money to get medical providers the tools they need to fight this virus  …
I wish I was in the timeline where Hillary Clinton was President and took the corona virus threat seriously in early January, hadn’t decimated pandemic preparedness and believed the experts she was surrounded by. So many lives could’ve been saved. Your vote matters.
To help put the size of the Navy's hospital ships into perspective, this is a photo of USNS Mercy alongside the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln. USNS Mercy and USNS Comfort were activated earlier this week as part of the DoD response to the spreading COVID-19 virus. 
In about a year, a lot of you will be laughing about this Chinese virus. Well, not all of you obviously. But chin up, this too shall pass.
Our mothers raised us on “wo ne Nyame nkɔ oo” knowing very well neither God was the vehicle nor the driver. I’m not abt to  a part of some misplaced ‘wokeness’ and denounce God cos of “science and internet”. May whatever u hold sacred save u & I don’t mean from the virus.
This is the reason Buhari has not addressed the nation. He won't be able to pronounce'CORONA'virus. @NekkaSmith @FreakyC4 @mekuxiani @Chucks_Smith @CaptainArinze @DokunOjomo @olushola_shola 
My friend nathan set up this fund to help out single moms in the ASU Law program during the corona virus outbreak, anything helps :)  …
Amazing that rich people aren’t concerned poor people will weaponize this virus.
PSA: Please also check on people you know who are living with asthma. The virus, SARS-CoV-2, causes the disease we call COVID-19, which is a RESPIRATORY illness. Asthmatics of any age are another high-risk group. This link is about asthma.  …
China stopped testing for the COVID-19 virus, so they have no more confirmed cases. They are now virus free. Based on that logic, we can cure Diabetes today by not testing for it ever again. In fact, if we stop autopsies, we can prevent all deaths.  …
Doddie Weir: "I was told if I do get the virus, the likelihood is that I will end up on a lung ventilator and never get off it. With MND once you stop using a muscle, you basically never get it back."  …
Refused CDC help? Interesting. I thought the America didn’t know of the virus until much later?
Testing is essential so we can figure who's already had the virus and is now inoculated so we can send those people back into society to prop up the economy. Without testing things would not improve until a vaccine is found and a vaccine might be too far out
y’all trippin bout this virus
ink drawing inspired by Virus 
“Trump banned foreigners from entering from China, but inconsistently monitored Americans returning from there.The president called the virus a hoax,which polarized the country’s response.Suddenly Seattle was aflame before anyone at the CDC or trump had started to react.”
Corona virus in Italy: February 21 : 21 cases March 21: 53,578 cases Nigerians should stop being ignorant and learn from Italy tbh. Shii is indeed real.
The virus of religion does its bit to help spread the other pernicious virus that threatens us all:   
Washington DC got the most deaths from the virus, I’ll wait for mines  …
I think @realFFK is referring to the video, "Corona Virus and the Global Orwellian State", by David Icke. The video seem to throw light on the actual purpose and what is really going on behind the hype and panic created by COVID-19 Pandemic worldwide. Watch 
Corona Virus Thread: Bill Gates predicts the dangers of a global "flu-like" pandemic at Ted Talk (3 Sep 2015) 
*President Addresses the Nation* Bridget Otoo: Is that all? No we dey wait make Patapaa perform give the Virus!
This virus is the biggest cockblock ever
For a couple of hours we managed to forget about the Corona Virus that has already took over our lives. Thank you for the fun 
Nobody is playing fulanization politics with this religious gathering restrictions, knowing fully well this virus is not playing. Even Amotekun self dey wear nose mask. 
we should take this virus very seriously. it has the potential to overwhelm our healthcare system. and probably will. it will lead to thousands of deaths, if not more. but you shouldnt worry, on an individual level. if you catch it, you have a VERY high chance of recovery.
Corona Virus + Foreign Parents on WhatsApp is a terrible 
Richard Epstein questions coronavirus models. Says they: - underestimate the rate of adaptive responses; - assume the death rate for the older population will be same for general population; - assume the virus's potency will remain constant.  …
she looks like the personification of the virus  …
Lord please continue watching over my family and friends and keep us safe from this virus,may any of us happen to be tested positive please heal us in a timely manner
Russian doctors say Putin's regime is covering up cases. They are absolutely correct. From people I have spoken to the virus is far worse than being reported and the numbers are suppressed. Its horrific! Also Putins cronies are profiting off this crisis  …
Claims virus is imaginary despite several confirmed cases GLOBALLY, makes reference to antichrist whose existence is highly debatable. Nigga you want a scholarship to Clown University? Because you just earned one.  …
Someone I know died today due to COVID-19. I didn't know him well, but he was the same age as my dad. And even though he was in his 70's, he was a very healthy individual. I'm not trying to create fear by saying this, but please take this virus very seriously.
The Italian people have this Chinese virus running rampant through their country because they sold their textile industry in northern Italy to China. There's over 300 to 500000 Chinese directly from the Wu han province living there and brought this thing with them. Shameful
WATCH: Obama ebola czar hits Trump virus response in explainer video for Biden campaign  
Del. Lee Carter, D-Manassas, is joining calls for stronger state actions against COVID-19. He represents a region of Virginia currently hit hardest by the virus.  …
TN politicians are playing dirty politics in #CoronavirusOutbreak. For god sake, don’t misguide people. If you don’t shut down then THIS virus will shut down every god damn services in the world. Be sensible and stay home. #StayHomeSaveLives  …
She’s right 100%! The virus is here! Can u imagine if the guy has it and he’s asymptomatic? And you die because of a joke? If she has children or elderly family members?
Not one person in Genesis has the virus. This is not coincidence
Hello @ReallySwara dadis are in danger .. save them from the real virus
The wonderful things Seokjinnies do never seize to amaze me, like Seokjin they are always so kind and considerate of others. The Covid-19 virus has affected a lot of people around the world, to know that there are people helping and in the name of JinThank you! #JIN  …
Virus cells are between 20 and 400 nanometres in size. You'd have to be a hell of a good shot  …
Wargamers of the world please... stay home, paint figures and #spreadthelard, not the virus. Make a difference. 
You are not immune from the virus just because you're young, healthy, and show no symptoms. You can infect random strangers and family members even without knowing that you have COVID-19. Don't be selfish and arrogant. Stay home.
Not concerned one single bit about the virus. About defeating the  VERY  …
Now what? We've laid out the playbook how we roll over and shut everything down because of a virus. Powerful groups now know they can engineer a virus. Short stocks. Sell a vaccine. Manufacture hand sanitizer. And laugh all the way to the bank. Anyone else not see this?
*facepalm* Do these people think he just makes up these words? They're given to him. There's a REASON the antibiotic is on the list - NOT because it cures the goddamn virus. But, for one, because fluid-filled lungs from pneumonia  a breeding ground for bacteria.  …
Before I panic, I want to know the truth: How many people have died in the USA? Of those who have died, what were their ages and living conditions (i.e. nursing homes, etc.)? How many people have actually contracted the virus and how many have fully recovered?
#BREAKING China records no new cases of Wuhan-virus. In other news: China has stopped testing for Wuhan-virus. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied China is still lying.
China model: Created the deadly virus, shut down the whistleblower, asked the whistleblower to apologize online, let 5 Million leave the epicenter of outbreak, when it’s killing people all over the world, blame America, after stealing patent of anti-virus drug donated by the US.
Henry’s school project was due last night at 9pm. We heavily researched what the virus looks like. I like his take. 
omg I’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass.
Corona Virus vs The Rest of The World 
For small virus particles the DIY dishtowel folded into two layers is 97% effective. No excuses people. 
Why is coronavirus killing far more men than women? - The Washington Post “Men make up nearly 60 percent of people with confirmed cases of the virus and more than 70 percent of those who have died of covid-19”. —>>> ITALY.  …
absolutely right. South Korea, Singapore and Japan were all more directly exposed to Wuhan virus, but each managed their affairs to avoid pandemic. EU, especially Italy, seems to have exposed western society.  …
This is a global fight and an unprecedented challenge for humanity. Every nation and every individual have responsibilities to fulfill. Our government took very strict precautions to stop the spread of this virus and we are implementing them with the cooperation of our people.
Turkey has been very aggressive from the beginning in fighting this virus and is well prepared for the ensuing crisis. We have taken wide-ranging measures to meet the health and economic challenges. We are also testing aggressively to track the cases and prevent its spread.
This whole conversation regarding what to call COVID-19 has  so unnecessarily convoluted. It’s name is COVID-19, coronavirus if you want to be general. Calling it “Chinese virus” is the equivalent of calling Ebola “West African virus”. It’s origin during an... (1/2)  …
cw: coronavirus nb: this is a serological test rather than PCR (it detects your body’s immune response, not the virus itself), so it can take a week after infection to turn positive — but on the flip side it can also be used to test people for having developed immunity  …
Anything but actually fight the virus. Fuckin trump
Four Burkina Faso ministers have #coronavirus as cases rise to 64. Angola, and now Uganda, have also reported their first #Covid19 cases as the number of African countries still untouched by the virus continues to fall.
This research paper strongly advocates the "natural-selection" hypothesis. #Covid_19 virus was not laboratory made, as per authors. Yes, it is a China-origin virus and not necessarily a Chinese lab made virus. So far, that's the evidence.  …
I originally thought schools should close but the PM and state premiers have convinced me they have made the right decision to stay open except in schools where the virus has been detected.
The new column "One Belt One Road...One Virus" has now been submitted! But my subscribers get as cool 2 page SNEAK PREVIEW of the unedited column at my SubscribeStar page! :) 
The virus until proven otherwise is from China therefore, it is Chinese virus. That’s a fact. By the way smart people when they build a trap, it’s for other not them. They know from day one how to free themselves from the trap.
Olympics organizers face a growing groundswell to delay the Tokyo Games. Ultimately they must reckon with “the negotiating partner that cannot be reasoned with: the Covid-19 virus itself” w/ ⁦ @andrewkeh⁩ ⁦ @MattFutterman⁩ ⁦  …
I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS.
Our coronavirus wedding best man speech! ‘...like a virus, he was persistent, he was annoying, he wouldn’t go away, but in the end, until we find a vaccine, we just have to accept that he’s gonna be around for a while...’ - John, my cousin & a long time friend of my husband! 
HELLO >TWITTER <THIS IS AN EMERGENCY APPEAL > As you can imagine Some of the most Vulnerable people right now are the Homeless. Almost all Kitchens & Hostels have been closed due to the Virus. Please can donate below & share this appeal Thanks x  …
When a State Government issues an Executive Order like Lagos and Ekiti have done, if you flout it, and you get arrested, I can assure you that hashtags will not save you. Please stay at home to help reduce the spread of this virus.
Exeter Uni is trialing a new test for antibodies to Coronavirus. If successful, it will give the NHS a rapid and cheap tool to identify people who have developed immunity to the virus. They need to raise £105k. Come on twitter do your thing!!  …
BEWARE CREEPING DEHUMANIZATION Anyone who sick from this virus is by definition a victim, or patient. They are people who are suffering. Not "carriers" or "super spreaders". "Spreaders" is an internal term used in epidemiology that was never intended for our casual use.
Here's Trump's own head of FDA, Dr Hahn, on drug Trump has a "hunch" will cure people from virus: “We may have the right drug, but it might not be in the appropriate dosage form right now, and it might do MORE harm than good" Between Trump's hoaxes + hunches Americans are dying!
40% of US hospitalizations for the virus are 20 - 54 . FYI
corona virus leaving ghana on wednesday dawn before the religious fanatics wake up. 
Why do I have a feeling that corona virus wont see april RT IF YOU BELIEVE IT WILL BE GONE AMEN!!... #COVID19Ghana #COVID
If a virus can cause this much chaos, now imagine how it’s gonna be when the Dajjaal appears. Imagine how the Qiyaamah will be. Innalillahi wa inna ilaihi raajiun.
Wow, this is quite  about the spread of the virus without social distancing! Kind of creeped out now!  …
Good to see Trump is focused on what matters. You know, stopping the spread of the virus and saving American lives. He’s such a bad guy.  …
These are by no means the only (young and fit) NHS staff already on ventilators. (I know of others by name , and my “catchment” is tiny) Regrettably, this virus will not be taken seriously in UK until people see their neighbours taken out in bags.
If ever there was a time to question the role of psychiatrists in healthcare it is now, to think my 21 yr old son is dead due to their failings whilst now no holes barred from preventing this virus, I am sorry but I’m not feeling it, thousands dead due to failings in MH care !!! 
In The Sunday Times tomorrow: Stay home alone to save your life, 1.5m warned. And we expose the doctor who got £2.5m in a week from 'virus tests' 
It's hard not to think about anything else but the virus, but we are in this mess because of the Trump and the Republican Senate that has enabled him & profited off it. @stevebullockmt is TIED in the latest polls in Montana. Please head to  and  …
I am damn near getting close to dressing up like this to go to a grocery store. Ain't nobody got time for Corona Virus! 
#FDA allowed 2 drugs for "compassionate use" to treat the #coronavirus. What are they & how do they work? Should the virus be called a #CCPVirus? Simone Gao is joined with @SeanLinWQER, former lab dir. of Walter Reed Army Institute of Research. WATCH:  
This Dua isn’t just for Corona Virus, it’s for protection from all evil, as you make the Du’a, also take the precautionary measures, obey the rules and put your trust in Allah. 
Every day before you heard of the virus was a health crisis for millions. Every day people died for lack of care. Every day people couldn’t get a hospital bed. Happy people want action now but if you don’t take the next logical step you’re just scared this shit  for you.
There is a growing case for the border between Scotland and England to be closed given the number of normally absent-second home owners and caravaners from England seeking to "bolthole" into isolation in Scotland. They are spreading the virus.
Nigerians should thank God that mosquitoes can't be tested positive to corona Virus ahswearr
Great job @CoachSamz & @zach_barnett @FootballScoop “If you don’t take this virus seriously, there is NO shot in playing football this fall. The quicker we do all of this, the quicker we can get back to normalcy.” #OneTeam #DoTheRightThing
Thank you doesn’t seem enough. But thank you - and please, please, follow Natalie’s advice on social distancing and self isolation. This virus will be a killer for far too many. Do your bit and #StayHomeSaveLives  …
With more time on my hands (thanks corona virus) I've been going through old photos...found this of me & @popeyeuk1...we think it's 1980 he's 18 & I'm 19...Blimey 40 years ago.. 
Some of the world’s greatest Leaders/reformers, Martin L King, Abraham Lincoln were motivated by their faith. They didn’t leave it out in the national discourse. What’s wrong with the President asking us to pray about a virus that hasn’t yet gotten a vaccine?
Biden and other #Dems say @realDonaldTrump referred to #Coronavirus as a “hoax” But Wash Post fact check says “Trump is criticizing Democratic talking points and the media’s coverage of his administration’s response to Coronavirus. He never says that the virus itself is a hoax.”
The Coranavirus Tonight Show With Bernie Sanders featuring virus experts Nina Turner and Mark Ruffalo with Special Musical Guest Nahko!  …
Donate much-needed cash to Frome's brilliant food bank here. Take note: contrary to all that crap about everyone here being a bee-keeping trombonist, there is a lot of need, disadvantage etc & the virus is worsening things  …
We NEED to PRAY for THE SICK and the ones that have the "CHINA VIRUS" Family member: I went to the early grocery shopping for seniors at Safeway and found out later in the day the store was closed for cleaning as 5 employees tested positive for the virus, so far I am OK. 
Two NHS medics on ventilators after contracting COVID-19 from patients The ear, nose and throat medics are on ventilators and "most likely" caught the virus in the course of their daily clinical work. #Coronavirus  …
The people shouting for total lock down for relax small. Ghana can't do a total lock down people live hand to mouth in this country social distancing naa wey go help. Total lock down dier hunger go kill people before the virus seff.
We need more than just closing state borders. Great but too late, virus is here. Social distancing mixed messages; 4sq/m but AFL players hi5 in a body contact sport, ppl closer for longer on bus, train & schools open. Get real & shut down for 3 weeks.  regardless.
Chile the president getting on here and telling people to drink motor oil for this virus. Get me tf out of here.
#vaccine protects you from catching a virus. Vaccinated, you protect others by not transmitted the virus to them. Think about #SocialDistancing like a vaccine. It protects you from catching the virus and protects others by not transmitting the virus to them. #SocialVaccine
Not just NO, but HELL NO... This virus may last for a few months, but the DOJ’s latest attempted power grab thratens the freedom of all Americans for years   …
Corona Virus Cases Worldwide - 276,647 China- 81,008 Italy - 47,021 Spain - 21,571 Germany - 19,848 USA - 19,774 Iran - 19,644 France - 12,612 S.Korea - 8,799 Switzerland - 5,615 UK - 3,983 Netherlands - 3,000 #lockdownpakistan #CoronaVirusUpdate
By blaming all ethnic Chinese people for the virus, Inty showed his ambition to use the world to attack the Chinese people instead of CCP. Inty is a betrayer of Chinese and Uyghur and an extremist! #CCPVirus  …
To most effectively flatten the curve and break the chain of transmission, we need everyone to take action. Now is the time to stay home as much as possible & keep a safe distance from others when outside. Our actions today will determine the impact of the virus  weeks
The government were telling us only last week to go out and spread the virus and create herd immunity. Their measures this week are too little too late. Bog off  …
Most importantly, we must develop and deploy at the population level a high thro put assay to detect antibodies against the virus. So that post-infection, healthy people can go back into the key functions, prevent meltdown and keep society going.
This is a guide to the things we do know, from scientists, doctors and public health experts — a resource that changes alongside our understanding of this virus. 
Its the China virus. Hard to overstate how dumb and pointless you must look from anyone reading your tweet  …
We’re all gonny die cause of corona virus so we may all shoot our shots now
5018 confirmed cases of #COVID19 in the UK and a total of 233 deaths so far. Two weeks ago (March 7) Italy was in roughly the same position with 5061 confirmed cases and 233 deaths. Govt's advice and orders are intended to slow down the spread of the virus. Listen to them.
After the corona virus make  do that kwasia Knust Vs Legon thing nu Kwasiafo as corona  nu di3 no bro dey talk say make dem go find cure
The lesson of the AIDS epidemic is one of solidarity, that no one is free from AIDS until we all are free. The rise of a new virus is about the collapse of any notion that we are our brothers' and sisters' keepers, that health is something you buy it's certainly not "public." 3/
My grandma just called my mum few minutes ago, that she should be taking lime, lot of onions and eating vegetables that these things prevents corona virus. We kids are not left out o. I don tire sef
I get it. We're all feeling a lot of pressure with this virus spreading but it serves no purpose to go around telling people what they should and shouldn't do. If we all do our own part, we help ourselves and those around us in  No more lecturing me, please.
Boris Johnson is indeed a far more dangerous and utterly deadly virus, than the Coronavirus WILL EVER BE
Fasting and prayers is good and all that but why can't we focus FULLY on the task at hand by doing our utmost best to stop the spread of the virus rather than always seeking "spiritual assistance" whenever things get tough. LET's DO WHAT's NEEDED BEFORE WE DO WHAT's RIGHT PLS!!
I saw a viral WhatsApp message earlier and, no, aircraft won’t be out tonight spraying dangerous chemicals onto the [I can’t believe I’m typing this] covid-19 virus gas cloud that drifted over from China. Largely because there isn’t one. 
Before Virus Outbreak, a Cascade of Warnings Went Unheeded Government exercises, including one last year, made clear that the U.S. was not ready for a pandemic like the coronavirus. But little was done.   …
As you watch Trump minions trying to weaponize ‘China virus’ and attack Biden as being some sort of Chinese Communist Party front, remember what Trump was saying just two months ago about a China and his good friend Xi Jinping.  …
Corona Virus reminding us how fragile life is, how waking up health is a gift and a privilege, how it all could end before you know it and importantly how temporal life is perhaps it should be a wake up call to one that when you get the opportunity live your best life.
the virus can’t get me here 
This is worse than the virus itself. Most people get over it even if they contract it, which they likely will -- up to 70% by some estimates. This Hysteria is disproportional. This is worse damage Do they want to tank it all so they can rebuild with a One World Government?  …
This virus really has niggas finding out they girlfriends can’t cookI am deaddd
Shout out to 2 friends. @Nicoxw1 & @Msmariablack Stay home! Love these peeps: @snarkgrapefruit @LSD122070 @LuciaRendn4 @davidmweissman @MalteseAnna @ItsNotYouItsMia @JDNewEngland @ifudontlike2bad Follow for virus news: @ai6yrham @CEDRdigital @Jr3597 @lookner 
As soon as this virus ceases to be a problem, I am going to hug SO MANY PEOPLE. 
No way a Taurus would be motivated to do ALL THIS and plus a virus is icky and we like 
It was confirmed the other day i caught the corona virus from the airport. As though that's not distressing enough, it is also terminal.
It’s called perfect contrition, and it’s been around a lot longer than the Corona virus, dude.
Doutzen Kroes really lost it. Imagine saying thank you to a virus when so many people lost their lives, their job, having issues with surviving right now, people that can't see family members or say goodbye to them, people who's mental health are at a low right now.... So done 
Which radio station and tv station in Nigeria is informing people with latest updates about Corona virus?
when the virus has peaked, when the beds are clear, and ventilators are avaliable, and everyone is safe. When we can go back out safely. The people of this country should have a Giant whip round and take every 1 of these NHS workers on a huge night out. Panic buyers not invited!
Health officials in New York, California and other hard-hit parts of the country are restricting coronavirus testing to health care workers and people who are hospitalized, saying the battle to contain the virus is lost  …
Doctor from global epicenter of virus Wuhan says having high blood pressure is a major death risk  …
No, Italy is NOT filthy (a least  to some USA cities and yes, I am calling out the city I live in). Italy INVENTED Western Hygiene. You are dealing with very dense spaces, an older generation and loads of tourists like your friend, who have spread the virus.
If this virus is over before June... this will be the most litt summer we’ve ever seen! .
#Tunisia: "a large number of tests for #COVIDー19, amounting to 10,000, will be conducted to form a sample showing the possible trends in the spread of the virus in the country," PM @ElyesFakhfakh said in an address to the Nation on Saturday night. #TAP_En
3 things I have learned about the Coronavirus crisis. 1. Hospitals are not the frontline in this war. You are. The NHS treat the fallen. 2. The virus doesn’t spread. You spread it. 3. There is no medical solution yet (& maybe ever). You are the solution. Stay home + stay safe 
BREAKING NEWS UPDATE ON FIGHTING THE VIRUS Wash Your Hands Cover Your Cough Don't Hang around Sick People Stay Home If you don't have Hand Sanitizer-Use SOAP & WATER No Disposable Diapers-Use CLOTH DIAPERS USE COMMON SENSE If you don't have any Call someone who Does
Nobody was lying when they said they don’t have 2020 vision cuz we definitely DIDNT SEE this corona virus 
Nana Addo for just call all the medical and pharmacy students and assemble them at one hospital make them find the cure for the corona virus if the fasting and prayers fail
here is plot of new COVID19 cases by day for China, Italy and US. New cases were nearly extinguished in China when virus got foothold in Italy and then US. US protected against China, but not Europe. Situation in North America/Europe now much worse than China ever was. 
President Trump is handling this Virus crisis like a business man. Using skills no politician has ever possessed at his level. This has allowed him to bring together a team unparalleled in American History including industry leaders to address this situation at record speed.
After finishing your mission of bringing the virus to our mighty country ,how much did they give you if I may ask regardless our security tight you will be disappointed if won't spread d whole country. Eimmaaaaahh  …
At the moment, I'm still trying to locate an affordable camper for my son, so I can head to my new job locale in Mississippi. Not so much a virus concern, as an availability problem. Even in this crisis, the good ones still get taken before I can get to them.  …
In case it isn't obvious by now: virus is NOT contained. Self-isolation when possible & social distancing for people with no symptoms & quarantine for people with symptoms or who have tested positive is the scientifically appropriate & socially responsible action at this time.
Godfrey, those deaths happened over 6 years, were caused by enemy action, and the response was a fierce and protracted defence by the British people. This is a virus. You can’t see or hear it. But it needs everyone to act defensively, as advised. You included.  …
A coronavirus vaccine is  Like flu & HIV, corona mutates too fast so it is almost impossible to make a dead virus vaccine that works. DNA/RNA vaccines are a fantasy. The potential for cancer, autoimmune disorders, & death from hijacking your cells is damn near 100%.
- I don’t get y’all.. anytime I have ever had the flu, I’ve always been told “Pls stay home, I don’t wanna get sick”. Now we have this world wide virus spreading and are asked to stay home and y’all are like... “I don’t understand why, it’s just like having the flu” #Covid_19
So when you’re leaving a country, are you not tested for the virus? Why didn’t Dubai report this case let alone allow the passenger to take off?????
Imagine they shutting down the Internet cos of corona virus lol all the Instagram Laide & models don fear as they see this tweet
China still not letting WHO or CDC into China. That's because they'll find that China created this bioengineered virus to create a global pandemic and crash the economy of the US and others in their quest for their NWO. Gates directly in on this. Fauci just lied  …
ICYMI: This week I urged the DOJ to investigate market manipulation in cattle markets. Our ranchers need relief, especially during this virus. 
Italy is what happens when people don't care or think the virus is a joke. Our medical sector can't handle hundreds of thousands of people at once with the same illness, it'll collapse and they'll begin to triage people. That's how tens of thousands and potentially millions die.
...still carry the pathogen in the CNA in its latent form. Treatment will likely eradicate the virus from tissues and make you non-contagious, which is a major breakthrough if showcased with additional trials,...
♡。.☆゜:.♡。.☆☆.。.:・゜☆♡ .♡。. . ♡:.。.。 omg I hate corona virus it's so ugly! .・♡:.。.。 。☆゜・♡:.。.♡♡ ..☆.。.:*・゜☆.。.♡ .♡ ・ 。 。・゜ ♡ 。・゜ ♡ ・ 。 。・゜ ♡ wash your hands wtf. 
President spends all of five minutes outlining the control measures that they’re putting in place to slow the spread of the virus and personal hygiene tips to prevent large spikes in cases. And then ten seconds asking a Christian nation to pray. And you have an issue? Fuck off.
2/2 He’s in no good shape right now, but know  through this. He doesn’t always get support off people on twitter. So please send some, a tweet or message goes a long way. No one deserves this virus, and seeing his condition has taken me back. Get well soon mate.
Second homeowners and holidaymakers ...sorry but go home. Regardless of what side of any border  from. Go home and stop spreading the virus. People are literally dying. No ifs and no buts and no pretending your feelings are hurt ...just get home and stay there.
I might not be so skeptical of this virus scare if it weren't for the Dems and MSM trying to discredit and impeach President Trump, and ruin the economy in any way they could for the past 3.5 years. If you ignore what's going on around you ON ALL FRONTS, you can be fooled.
Related: NYC is installing temporary protected bike lanes b/c of the virus.  …
I think corona virus and empty trains are sending me insane 
Let's be clear - there is no evidence President Trump has invoked the Defense Production Act and ordered a single manufacturer to start producing masks and protective gear. This decision is unconscionable. It will allow the virus to spread. It will get people killed.
Corona Virus Cases Worldwide - 276,647 China- 81,008 Italy - 47,021 Spain - 21,571 Germany - 19,848 USA - 19,774 Iran - 19,644 France - 12,612 S.Korea - 8,799 Switzerland - 5,615 UK - 3,983 Netherlands - 3,000 #lockdownpakistan #CoronaVirusUpdate
I like that...the Trump Virus  …
The chairwoman of the Congressional Asian Pacific American caucus said it is dangerous for President Trump to continue referring to Covid-19 as the "Chinese virus" at a time when misinformation has led to racist and xenophobic attacks 
Some human decided to just go and penetrate our virgin country Uganda with the Corona Virus. The idiot!!! - Feeling disappointed with 42 million others.
If you’re continuing your life as normal because you’d rather take your chances with the virus, ask yourself how you’d feel if these doctors had been treating you? Stay in doors.  …
Interesting fact. 40% of patients with the Corona Virus in the hospital in the US are ages 20-54. A total change from what happened overseas. 
We are not stopping until we defeat this virus.  together as a team. Washing of hands frequently is very necessary. And we should try use the non-dominant hand for transport,washrooms etc because it's very difficult to touch your face with this hand 
Trump’s victims include lupus sufferers unable to fill prescriptions because he misdirected meds. There’s no evidence that this medicine stops the virus. There’s anecdotal evidence that it may ease symptoms. It can stop your heart. Trump is not a fricken doctor. Or a president.  …
World increase on New active infections is 29,000. Only 2 hours left on GMT today. This Virus has DRAMATICALLY slowed. Definitely going to reduce my projected Deaths Downward tomorrow. Reference My prev projection 250,000 global and 34,000 USA. #weakvirus
Decided to put on the dumbest movie I could think of to distract myself last night. Picked Hobbs & Shaw. Major plot point is containing a virus before it spreads and knocks out the world population.
Yes because the mask in this case is being used as a preventative measure to touching your own face, not to protect against an airborne virus. Stop criticizing for the sake of it.  …
McRaven recalled that “one voice began to echo through the night" - one of the candidates began singing, albeit "terribly out of tune but sung with great enthusiasm." “The only thing more contagious than a virus is hope” 
Even God would want everyone home to prevent further spread of the virus. But tithes and offering is life. Nansense 
Arizona is doomed. Today's news, from AZ Dept of Health, is that "testing is not necessarily that important". Meanwhile in same issue @UArizona's own virus experts @goodum_viruslab highlight critical importance of testing to defeat #COVID19!  … 
O my god. So y’all want us to stop getting news about this because y’all PC police are butthurt over what he’s calling the virus? Remember when Obama called ISIS “Dash” just to piss them off & the MSM cheered it on? Despite the fact it angered TERRORISTS hell bent on killing us?  …
'Cuba’s international efforts to stem the spread of the virus outside its borders are part of a long and consistent pattern of global   …
We are beyond the testing. The spread of the virus can no longer be contained. We must now focus our resources on limiting the number of dead. It's no longer about drive through tests. It's about beds, PPE, vents, health workers. The damage of the testing debacle has been made.
Corona Virus is not a joke, Take it seriously before it's too late please. Stay home for you & ur beloved ones..Here's picture from Italy. 793 deaths in 24 hours is no joke. PRAY! #PrayForItaly #Covid_19 #ItalyStayStrong #ISupportJantaCurfew 
I have no choice but to stan chiara ferragni, the way she raises awareness to the virus and how serious this situation is and that she isn't afraid of calling out dumb celebrities like kendall jenner and doutzen kroes who seem to not understand how critical the situation is
The Left says calling a virus that came from China “Chinese” is racist, but CNN calling Blacks that support President @realDonaldTrump “Uncle Toms” is okay.
Just so you know. Unless you isolate NOW, it is almost certain you will contract the Trump Virus. You may already have it, but won't see symptoms for a week or so.
It's not VirYOU, it's VirUS.  …
#Coronavirus This says we should thank @EmmanuelMacron for @BorisJohnson 'reluctantly' ordering bars & cafés to close to reduce the spread of the virus & save lives. There was a standoff between them: the French threat was that #EU borders would be closed to UK if he  …
new video on the worst merch i’ve ever seen  RT to cure the virus with power of the internet
38% of Americans think the Corona virus is caused by the beer, the other 68% think it is caused by this guy. 
@CsMutahiKagwe It is our responsibility as Kenyans to prevent spread of Corona virus. My friend and I innovated an automatic handwash for soap and water to help out the situation. 
Shahbaz Shb - wearing a mask won’t stop you from getting Corona according to the CDC... masks should be priroritized for health workers and those that are sick - so they don’t pass on the virus. Looking forward to your expertise helping but let’s start with the basics  …
If china actually did something about wildlife smuggling, wildlife markets & then didn't LIE about the virus & didn't cover it up we wouldnt be in this position . HONGKONG EXPERT ON SARS EXPLAINS RIGHT HERE . THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE . THEY WERE WARNED .  …
The virus doesn't travel, people do.
Corona virus case in Italy Week 1 : 3 cases Week 2 :43 cases Week 3 : 245 cases Week 4 :4747 cases Week 5 : 12729 In South Africa Week 1: 16 Week 2: 150 It has gotten to 240 already This is not an arithmetic progression,but a geometric progression. God save
Perpetual Self Dis/Infecting Machines (Eva and Franco Mattes, 2000) “Immaterial and self-replicating, when the virus enters  it stays there, hidden, trying to survive for as long as possible.”  
Men are really still tryna link rn lmfaoo fuck a deadly virus huh
For those that doubt the severity of #CoronaVirusSA #Covid19SA the only thing they can help you with in hospital is ventilator to help you breath better and fluids and hope your immune system strong enough to fight the virus off on its own. That seems like 50/50 gamble to me 
When the Corona Virus finally exhausts itself and the danger is over, let's do something good for our country, spend our holidays in England, eat in local restaurants, buy British products, buy local meats and veggies and support local businesses, get them back on their feet
"Fools" said I, "You do not know, "POTUS said it was a hoax "Read my tweets that I might teach you "Watch my Zoom so I might reach you" But my words, like silent droplets fell And I coughed From this hellish virus
Hello darkness my old friend I'm social distancing again Because a virus softly creeping Was not the hoax they kept claiming And the fever that was scrambling my brains It still remains It's the #coronavirus
Repost: Anonymous Bites Back: Corona Virus Exposed (Part 1) Listen to how our Anonymous researchers pick this virus apart.. Stream:  … #Anonymous #AnonymousBitesBack #Covid19 #Covid_19 #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDー19
Maybe if i call the corona virus dad it’ll disappear
The virus may have stopped all the sports events but at least we can still see someone get the gold medal in mental gymnastics 
Rooting against our President during this virus is about as unpresidential as you can get.  …
Dems: President Trump wasn't able to predict that the Wuhan Virus was going to be a global pandemic in December, what an idiot. Dems Prediction Record: - Hillary will win - Economic Crash 2016 - Muslims/LGBTQ in Camps - War with NK/Iran - Mueller Time - Trump in Jail - Etc...
Destroying millions of small businesses &  could ruin more lives than this virus. This is the conversation we need to start having & people close to Trump are starting to realize.
Two of the biggest changes I’ve seen during this challenging time are people doing lots of Facebook live streams and people buying bidets. We must defeat this virus before these two trends converge.
More  Trump clip saying the virus is no big deal- Then college kids at beach saying it is no big deal- Then show death total rising- Show how his rhetoric influenced the (bad action) by Citizens.
Due to the virus, my fashion show got canceled and it was supposed to be yesterday so I decided to have a little photo shoot of my own at home 
Why hasn’t Dabo saved us from this virus
Maybe give the masks to healthcare providers and other actually essential workers and just shut down the detention centers where people have been dying even before this virus struck  …
All set to anchor KING 5 Mornings from my garage. My  is now about 30 seconds long. No virus going to keep us down!! See ya Monday. #FactsNotFear 
Heavenly Father, We lift up President Trump to you. He has the weight of the world on his shoulders. And many enemies surround him. But we know you The Lord of the Heavenly Armies defends him. And protects him. And we thank you for that Lord. Please end the virus. IJNA
A special shout out to all the cleaners who are risking their lives to save yours. I realise their jobs aren't as glamorous as a doctor or a nurse but the cleaners are just as important to the fight against the corona virus #Corvid19
Hold on. A few weeks ago he was shaking hands with corona virus patients. A few days ago we had to take it on the chin & all catch it. His dad said he was going to the pub & Johnson refused to condemn it. Tim Martin was all over the media saying going to the pub was okay.
THIS locals always bashing tourists for possibly spreading the virus whole time we got half the island being around more than 10 people at a time chillan like this ain’t a serious matter! Make it make sense pls! If we all was to listen this shit would die down way faster.  …
Coronavirus:Air pollution - CO2 fall rapidly as virus spreads-BBC News. Interesting&while those of us farming must&are&will continue to play our part, the  warriors targeting&blaming agriculture should take note  …
Hold up, how this nigga Dybala get the virus when he wears masks all the time 
Someone said Corona virus is the only thing keeping Chelsea in the UCL
I thought it a great idea that there would be daily pressers on the virus. Well, Trump couldn't miss an opportunity to sing his own praises & has taken them over. He lies, bullies & shows  than a rock. I'm done watching this  asshole. DONE. #TrumpPlague
We just received word that my father in law has been admitted into the hospital with fever, shortness of breath and cough. They are going to test him for the virus He is in his late 60’s and has several health conditions, and is already on dialysis Please pray
10/ Treatments are only needed for people who HAVE the virus and HAVE symptoms. Vaccines are taken as a precaution by millions of people. Some simple math. - 24,000 confirmed cases in the U.S. * $15 = $360,000 - 330 million U.S. population * $1,000 vaccine = $330 billion
I'd say 99.9% of my 34,000 followers agree with me that we should  sense about this virus, but also to be skeptical (because of the current dubious political & MSM environment). Error on the side of caution, but weigh ALL the circumstances given the bigger picture.
it can help from a personal centering, calming perspective, like meditation, yes. But no reason to think it can stop a deadly virus. To think a God works that way while ignoring abused kids who pray for an end to their torture or folks who prayed for an end to slavery is obscene
Bernie discusses the corona virus, and what matters in the last debate. Not Me, Us. 
Paracetamol escorting the Corona Virus outta the body after it did damage : 
The management at the hotel I work for decided to go ahead with a wedding today - the bride made it clear that no virus was going to stop her wedding. Numbers reduced from 100 to 20, some of which had travelled from afar to attend. I am very upset by this - puts us all at risk!
It makes sense. France is doing everything they can to deal with this emergency, while the U.K. is just twiddling its thumbs  Let’s not forget up until about a week ago the Government actively wanted us all to get infected with the virus.
The thing is though, this is a temporary solution. Like putting a plaster on a broken arm. Long term solutions need to put in place to house people experiencing homelessness, not just those who are now suffering from corona virus  …
The economy can handle a virus easily. It can't handle a total shutdown imposed by the state.  …
9) " If  the same negligence, our situation could be worse. May the Almighty Allah protect us all. Whether coronavirus is man-made disease or not, it is indeed a real virus today.
CAMDEN, S.C. 7-month-old baby boy from Kershaw County tested positive for COVID-19. Courtney Doster & husband have three young children. Their youngest, Emmett, is battling the virus. Doster says her mother also tested positive for COVID-19 on Saturday.  …
Guy left Uganda on 17th came back to Uganda and he'd contracted the virus. Taking measures now makes more sense. Who has sanitizers? Even at 50k I'll buy.
Actually we don’t have any measures to stop the corona virus Let’s do the fasting and prayers too and see erh
I'm currently writing an article that answers a bunch of misconceptions about covid19. What are  statements made by people shrugging off the virus? I've already covered "The flu kills more people per year" and "It only affects the elderly and 
People (someone I love greatly) around the world with chronic illnesses spend years of their lives with no energy, cooped up, unable to exercise or even leave the house some days & no-one takes them seriously. I hope the corona virus may change that and help them in the future
Universities in China are helping their government in research for antidote that can cure Corona virus (Covid 19). Universities in Nigeria are closing together with nursery Schools
. MAGA ECONOMY - - TRUMP's CHINA TRADE DEAL DELIVERING, in spite of CHINESE VIRUS Trump's Economic Foresight again Proven Invaluable - though the Economy may be Slowed, Imagine the Damage if not for China Trade & USMCA .  …
The Scottish Highlands is now awash with hoiiday home owners seeking to "self isolate." The Highlands currently have a very low rate of infection.Please, please  here at the moment. There is a high risk you will simply spread the virus. Same goes for campervanners.
Because the govt is offering wishy-washy advice. You can't keep the economy rattling along and defeat this virus simultaneously. We need a shut down.  …
The Chinese notified the WHO of the virus on Dec. 31. They labeled it Covid-19 on Jan 7 and sent that genetic sequencing to the CDC so they could formulate a test. From that point forward was criminal, lethal inaction by @realDonaldTrump
Cont... They were offended that he called it "China Virus," crazy but true! lol Now Today: Text of thank you's, apologies and should have listened. ** You can lead a horse to water...
Who thinks China should be held accountable and foot the massive bill for the virus
Big Ben looks like he's been hiding from the corona virus for a decade already 
Our local beach has been too busy for socially distant walks, and people are apparently flocking to the highlands to escape cities. Staying home might not be fun, but travelling to spread the virus & overwhelm rural healthcare is a terrible idea.
WaPo Calls for End to Live Broadcasts of Trump’s Daily Chinese Virus Briefings as Approval Ratings Soar  …
The worst of this virus has not even arrived yet.... Just wait until the Jehovah’s Witnesses figure out everybody is at home.
How about a virus that only kills people who use a global pandemic to make a political point?
This shit is why the Democrats need to lose everything they have to lose in November. If Biden wants to put out misinformation, let him do it on his watch. Trump and his team should be leading Americans especially concerning the Chinese Virus.  …
Holy fuck I’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is having a FAT ass and a great personality. Send this to 19 others before midnight to stay thiccc
I spoke to a friend last night. I said "How are you? His reply was "Just waiting to die from a virus because Scott Morrison is ensuring that there will be thousands of deaths. This government must be charged with murder or at least manslaughter of Australians. #auspolSoDeadly
YOU CAN’T SHOOT A VIRUS BUT YOU CAN PUT EVERYONE ATOUND YOU AT RISK  …
Jury summonses were sent out weeks ago long before most had even heard of the virus. Govt advice contradicts the jury summons. My advice is to ignore the summons, look after your health and DO NOT TURN UP. Time for a bit  sense to prevail.  …
Have we learned nothing? Testing is containing this virus. People need to know if they have it. If you say that doesn't matter, you're consigning the city to inevitable fever. Hard  this.
May his memory be a blessing. Israel's first virus fatality named as 88-year-old Holocaust survivor Aryeh Even. ⁦  …
Some Nigerians not until a family member dies of the virus before they believe it is real... The gullibility is specially dumb.
You’re funny @IlhanMN. Really funny and out of touch. You’ve not written a single tweet (not a single!) on 1-Iranian officials’ criminal negligence that caused the #CoronaVirus outbreak 2-Iranian clerics urging people to keep visiting virus-infested shrines. Objectivity?  …
what’s the first thing you want to do when this corona virus is over?
Get tested. I went through this in early January. Had different symptoms in stages. The worst was the chest pain and heaviness in the lungs, which continued for like 2 months. We been carrying the virus for months in this country while the Government was denying the existence
KEEP WATCHING: Savage shopping. The lack of etiquette, manners or caring for the well-being of others and ignoring scientific safe distancing advice puts others at risk. It makes it much harder to stop the virus #covid19UK #CoronaCrisisuk #panicbuyinguk #Stopit 
Salute To Our #PYO #SINDH Commander @taimoormaheraly Who Is Working Day Nd Night giving instructions to all #PYO #SINDH district's providing facilities to all of Us to Fight COVID-19 Nd save Nation from this Virus @BBhuttoZardari @AseefaBZ @BakhtawarBZ 
I’m more worried about this than the virus I think. If this goes on too long we might see a real spike in suicide rates.  …
I’m sooooo scared guys because the NHS just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass
My job closed down & sadly staff was laid off. My manager created this to help relieve some of the financial struggles experienced due to the virus. Anything helps & if you are unable, please help me share! Praying for others in the hospitality business!  …
How on Earth was this not a thing even before this virus? Crikey! Capitalism gone mad charging NHS staff to use an NHS car park (I realise they’re owned by third parties!)  …
Parents with young children who are struggling to cope being away from school, from friends - please tell them that myself & everyone who is most vulnerable to this virus, thank them. They are being helpers when we need their help to get through this. 
CNBC: The US should rally G7, NATO & “also involve China as a central and collaborative actor against  foe” So China, who: - Covered up the Virus - Silenced Whistleblowers & Doctors - Said it wasn’t contagious Is going to help us? Yeah, right.. 
the virus turned the Pope Protestant  …
I'm getting a handful of negative feedback today from conservatives. I didn't expect that. Okay, in fairness to everyone's opinion regarding the virus: USE COMMON SENSE.
Once the corona virus ends they’re gonna send out the drafts for WW3
serious note: folks fleeing to summer homes are bringing the virus with them, and those smaller towns have even less medical capacity. the vacation home places are about to get hit hard.
304 people have now tested positive for the virus, according to the Texas Department of State Health Services  
I’m staying away from my girls because of this it breaks my heart and to see people just mugging it off just makes me so angryplease think of other people I know whitstable is beautiful but it will still be here after this virus but some people won’t be #Think  …
If you’d told me at the start of 2020 that there‘ll be a virus that shuts down the entire world for months, I’d be surprised. If you’d told me that McG would return , BUT insist on fighting LW’s at 170 only (and refuse to fight actual WW’s) I’d say “Conor would NEVER do that”
Wow! I just learned that Mississippi’s Corona Virus death was my friend Howard “Fade” Pickens, who was Max’s barber. RIP Fade- a good man!  
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a virus.
Pandemic Question: In an area of almost total lockdown, how does the virus continue to spread? We’re talking family units and care facilities, or something I’m not thinking of?
Here’s the thing I’ve observed about anxiety: it’s like a virus. If left unchecked it spreads to everyone within orbit. Misery  they say. Well, anxiety thrives on it. When I feel overwhelmed and afraid, my first instinct is to pass that feeling along to others.
The vaccine was injected into the first volunteer—a 43-year-old mother from Seattle—just 66 days after the sequence of the virus was released. Stunning achievement.
I think I speak on behalf of everyone when I say that anybody who has retired and returns to the NHS to fight this virus are heroes. They are putting the welfare of others above their own and will save lives. Thank you.  …
My mom, she is 60 with hypertension and she is working in a hospital laboratory in Lithuania making covid-19 tests, there is no enough masks and PPE for medical staff there,so together with her colleagues she is risking her life everyday to defeat the virus.Please pray for medics 
When I hear someone say we are overreacting to the virus while citing data from a country that, in any other situation, they would dismiss as unreliable, I think about how the virus is a death sentence to seniors and that I cannot visit my own mother without fearing for her life.
Having backed itself into a corner, that’s all the government has as a shot at keeping itself relevant in a world it has misjudged. It isn’t going to work though. And we are about to get steamrollered by a virus because of it.
It is no longer news that Corona Virus is here in Nigeria, and local transmission has been confirmed. You don't have any special immunity from being black or living in a hot weather. Obey simple rules of staying at home, social distancing, and washing your hands.
Nothing would be shut down because hacks like you would be pretending the virus was no big deal and Hillary would be exonerating the Chinese government and blaming the virus on Republicans.  …
Silver lining of Corona Virus is public awareness that: A)Unwise immigration ruined national cohesion  B)We have  welded to Chinese dictatorship. Don't vote for any party refusing to explicitly acknowledge & repair both. Pass it on. #OperationSunshine2020
When your job closes due to the virus and then 2 days later lays you off 
we need him to defeat the virus 
The national attention was impeach the president not run the country. Democrats and the @nationalPress wasted time and resources distracting the country with the monthly Hoax @realDonaldTrump was the only one paying attention to the Chinese Virus. Thank you, President Trump
Don't laugh Mr Nigerian Lawmaker, Just say Virus. 
woke up remembered corona virus exists instantly got really sad
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'  …
Trump whines on how his assministration "inherited a broken system" to deal with this virus and claims he has rebuilt it and it is now working great. This is a demonstrable lie. The White House had a functioning office for dealing with just this kind of crisis. Trump shut it down
CORONAVIRUS: It has  necessary to take additional measures to stem the spread of the virus and protect the lives of our people - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
91,000 patients have recovered from the virus , Neon You not going anywhere
Here’s a prayer by my good Pastor friends Bill & Veronica Winston Living Word, Chicago IL. PRAY FOR THOSE TO BE HEALED OF VIRUS & FOR GOVERNMENT 
It was all fun, memes and games.... and now it’s confirmed . CORONA VIRUS confirmed in Uganda. 
We have to destroy this dangerous, PROGRESSIVE VIRUS before it spreads even more. MSN is the Enemy of the People.
Oh Allah we are all being terrified by this pandemic COVID-19, We cried unto You in Supplications. Oh He who send down diseases; Please Send unto us medication to heal us of the virus as well take away from the world the plague, by bringing unto us permanent cure.
The only point of entry is the head. Cut off the head, kill the virus. Why don’t they put me in charge?
The GOP has a new talking point......wait for it....wait for it..... They are blaming the Impeachment Process for distracting them from the virus. Just when you think they can't get any lower a new hole opens up and swallows them.  …
Suicide is an epidemic in the UK. One man dies every two hours. Corona virus is now taking 2 people an hour. Those stats are going to rise. Italy lost an average of 33 people an hour last night. This isn't just flu. This is real Get your shit together and follow the rules
If he reached in Dubai and came back in 4days (Meaning he wasn’t quarantined there) there is a possibility he left this place with that virus... that thing matures in not only 1,2days. That is all I am saying. Your neighbor could have it and you won’t know until it’s late.
I think uganda hasn’t registered a case yet cus yo this guy wasn’t in the country. He got the virus from Dubai. So he is a Dubai victim being treated from uganda.
What ? Corona means Quran.A Killing Virus No argument from me Abdul India: Muslim protester refuses to disperse, says “corona means Qur’an” and won’t harm Muslims  …
Mars was conjunct Jupiter at 22° yesterday and I suspect that more public figures, bosses & businesses will be put into tougher situations because of the virus. The key to winning is by making due with less. More here: 
Because they are designated “single use” and “disposable” for a reason!!. If he actually was asking “why do we need so many masks?” It explains why he let the supply shrink to nothing in the 3 months since his first virus briefing, he’s a moron. . #ppeisnotoptional #ppe
Yes, blame China for corona virus  …
The Prophet’s Mosque is closed for the first time in 14 centuries, since the time of the Prophet’s mission of Islam. Ya Allah please end this Corona virus 
Earth to the space cadets. It didn't originate in Montana. Or Iowa. Or South Dakota. Why do they call it MERS? Because it originated in THE MIDDLE EAST. They call it the Chinese virus because it originated in CHINA. Here endeth the lesson.  …
Today I saw so many older people out. There was a group of them in the newsagents talking about how this virus thing is so overblown. A friend just told me that her 90 year old father was taken out to the shops by a neighbor Talk to your older relatives NOW.
The Corona Virus has taught us that: - No faith healing works - There are no miracles - Even religious people rely on Science in these critical times, not on their God - Jesus, Allah & the Hindu Gods are as real as the Greek Gods - Our hope is Critical thinking & Science 
// i t a l y // None of us are exempt from the pain and loss related to this virus, but my heart and prayers are especially with my homeland today, where 793 people died on Saturday alone. Jesus have mercy on Italy.  …
“A personal, capricious God who intervenes at every moment all over the world, from helping Messi score a penalty kick to infecting certain countries with a virus, is childish and represents the basest level of thought.”
The funniest part is that people actually believe that this virus is not a threat at all, and this is a ploy solely to take away freedoms. All I have to say is: I respect your imagination
You mean the moderators didn’t ask or let candidates talk about the virus in the Feb 15 debate, right? Yes, massive fail by the moderators. Biden said a lot the next week.  …
Virus take me now.  …
Gov. Ron DeSantis is on giving a lecture on the virus. Downplaying it. Just wash your hands and social distance and you will be fine. Yep, you'll be fine. That's all it takes. DeSantis, aka trump 2.0, is too dumb for this job.
Because of this virus that is going around we can't have a funeral for my dad who just passed away. My little brother who is overseas in the Military serving can't make it over. Please pray for my little brother, and the Men & Women who are overseas who are serving our country. 
holy fuck i’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is having a small dick
I understand healthy people’s immediate and loud relief when they hear that someone who died of the virus had an underlying condition, but it kind of sucks for those of us with underlying conditions
@GoDucksnet This photo is from Pacific City taken an hour ago. I urge you to share with your followers. The Oregon Coast does not have the resources to handle an outbreak of the virus. Tell @OregonGovBrown to close the beaches 
Despite the blame game in this piece, others now admitting the virus has been present in US since January:  …
Corpus Christi Mayor Joe McComb confirms first case of the COVID 19 coronavirus in Nueces County. The patient is a man between the ages of 45 and 55. He’s under quarantine and is in good condition. Health leaders suspect he contracted the virus while in Houston recently.
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01 #FBR
As part of the virus tracking, we look at 2 curves: total number positive test results & date of symptom onset. You can learn more on this in our joint statement here:  … And view the curve data here:  …
Corona Virus has taken the focus away from other explosive stuff like this.  …
The fasting and prayers go stop corona virus?
Cannot wait for the WBC  out with a statement saying because of the corona virus Dillian Whyte will now have to wait until 2022 until he gets his title shot
Me and @marcusbrig have been ill this week (and self-isolated throughout) with something like a virus; aching painful muscles, headaches, extreme fatigue and, now loss of taste and smell. We weren’t sure if COVID as no signature dry cough but now hearing from many.. 1/2
Just received a text from Governor @tatereeves. He has no intention of shutting down the Coast at this time. Nor anywhere else. The virus can live on surfaces but only for a very short time. Practice social distancing, wash your hands regularly and don’t go to NOLA.
To stop the spread of such a virus you need to stop the movement of people. This is why some were against Cyril being President,he’s not decisive enough at critical times. If he doesn’t announce a lockdown tomorrow for Monday he must be charged with neglegence and be removed.
So sick of this bogus virus shit.
Why do visitors think it’s ok  to #Mull as if nothing has changed? The virus has reached the island - so they stay in self catering - if they take ill what then? 1 ambulance - 3 hospital beds? Who looks after them? Supplies? unfortunately money as always #gohome
Please note, trumps advice to take chloroquine with Zithromax is not only unproved to help this virus, but it’s dangerous.  can be fatal per actual medical doctors. This is why they need to stop airing the orange lunatics broadcasts
That has to be about the dumbest thing I've heard. It hurts absolutely no one and it's a very appropriate name that is no different than any other eponymously named disease. If it had started in Russia, we would have named it the Russian virus. Stop bashing the @POTUS !
Virus hits Walter C. Young Middle School. ⁦ @RobertwRuncie⁩ ⁦ @DonnaKorn2⁩ ⁦ @KeylaCon31⁩ & many members of the media, including myself, were just there yesterday for a press event on laptop  …
303,000 infected worldwide so far. 13000 dead Do you understand the power of this virus. It started from one person on the planet perhaps sitting at one location and has now reached global scale in a few weeks. #CoronavirusPandemic #Covid_19
So he had Brexit, Floods, Corona virus, and that's just the 1st 6 months. 
Over 700 people dying in a day in Italy , Our motherland Uganda has now confirmed its first case of this deadly Corona virus. It’s now upon us to either follow the directives from the President and @MinofHealthUG or wait to bury our own people because of avoidable mistakes.
it took a virus to force celebrities into boredom and interacting with their fanbases...
That's good that Joe Biden got his plan out on March 12th but Elizabeth Warren released her plan to deal with the corona virus on Jan. 28th, followed by 2 more plans on March 2 and then March 12th. Just saying.  …
This virus is easily exposing the thickos.
Out of 65 passengers on the flight of March 17, tested today, we recorded 13 positive cases. They are all asymptomatic at the moment. This still gives me the opportunity to call for more responsibility and vigilance in the fight against this virus.
11:11 may god protect us from corona virus
800 people have died in Italy in a single day due eh the Chinese virus. If you are not taking this serious then you really should be. Bed wetting and panic will never be my thing but the escalation of this should have us all on guard and do everything you are told by the experts.
Health officials in New York, CA & other hard-hit parts of the country are restricting coronavirus testing to health care workers and people who are hospitalized, saying the battle to contain the virus is lost and the country is moving into a new phase of the pandemic response.
Las Vegas vet clinic employee tests positive for COVID-19. Cautionary tale: while animals themselves won't get or transmit coronavirus, PEOPLE TAKE THEM TO VETS, and vets, like PEOPLE DOCS, don't have enough #PPE now. Spread the word: NYET THE VIRUS!  …
Anyone who still supports this piece of trash who lied for 75 days while the virus spread to TENS OF THOUSANDS OF AMERICANS doesn’t get to call other people “deranged” for not being a cult moron. 
Peoples lives are being turned upside down and inside out by a virus that causes “mild flu-like symptoms” in over 90% of infected people. What the actual fuck are we doing?
I wish she  outa character for a second and stop perpetuating stupidity and paranoia. People who are testing positive for virus but are asymptomatic are usually healthy (as in athletic) and under the age of 50.
Which is more ethical: - go out myself two blocks in a place where social distancing is shaky and visit the crowded grocery store, risking picking up or spreading the virus - stay home but put more pressure on an already overwhelmed delivery system and exhausted workers
Sarah reported from the New Rochelle hotspot for the NYT; now she has the virus  …
In another country, Joe Biden & I wouldn’t have been in the same party & anyone who needed a corona virus test would have one.
Self-isolating after you have been exposed to #COVID19 is something you can do to help slow the spread of the virus in  and protect people more vulnerable. Learn the dos and don’ts of self-isolation:  
Ethiopian air ways making sure every African country gets a Corona virus case 
The good news is that our colleague with the corona virus was identified quickly at the airport and quarantined last night at around 2am. Hopefully, they make it through. . Now that all flights are cancelled, hopefully, we can control this better.
nsu spring breakers going to florida: corona virus who?! president of nsu: 
Y’all gonna shoot the virus?  …
Dec 10—The 1st person in Wuhan became ill Dec 30—CCP began shutting down social media, detained whistleblower Dr.Wenliang Jan 1—Labs ordered to destroy Virus samples, CCP claim no new cases Jan 14—WHO claims the disease is not transmittable human-to-human #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Spreading the "idiocracy" virus 
WDM, #Iowa man posted on Facebook about his wife going to ER Thursday. Headache, dry cough, low-grade fever, trouble breathing. Tested negative for flu & pneumonia, sent home w/diagnosis of "unknown virus." Told she didn't meet #COVID19 testing criteria.  …
Thousands flocking to the coast. What the actually fuck. I wish this virus only targeted the ignorant. We could do with a few less of those. Ignorant bastards. #skegness
honestly this virus is making my anxiety go through the roof. i understand the importance in remaining updated but constant exposure to consistent bad news definitely has a negative impact your mental health esp during isolating times.
Question... If calling the coronavirus 19 the China virus is racist, why isn't Chinese food racist?
. 停！立即洗手！ ‘CORONA VIRUS AWARENESS’ T-SHIRT FREE CURE VIAL & STICKER-PAK LINK BELOW 
More #MAGA News , A new coronavirus test ,That can detect the virus in as little 45 minutes, Will be a huge advantage in fighting this horrific invisible enemy  …
“Firstly, all our borders, that is by land, sea and air l, will be closed to human traffic for the next two weeks beginning midnight on Sunday. Anybody  into the country before midnight on Sunday will be mandatory quarantined and tested for the virus,” - @NAkufoAddo
How dare this virus? Making old people scared to leave the house is your thing.  …
Please do not travel to the Western Isles or any island or  We aren’t feeling the usual warmth towards visitors. We are scared because we know how devastating an impact this virus could have on  @AngusMacNeilSNP @alasdairallan
@BorisJohnson must resign this weekend. His Chamberlain-like virus appeasement strategy has clearly failed. We need a new leader, as in 1940, someone ready to take serious measures, someone palatable to @UKLabour , and a coalition National Government. NOW.
As the number of people with novel coronavirus in Canada grows, Indigenous doctors are  members to temporarily halt ceremonies like sweat lodges that could spread the virus and put elders at  …
People Are Getting Suspended Or Its Corona Virus Infected Their Accounts? 
New Jersey Imposes ‘Stay At Home’ Order Amid CCP Virus Pandemic. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy announced a statewide “stay at home” order on Saturday in an effort to curb the spread of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) virus.  …
Virus or not, there's a bunch of yous I keep at a distance  …
CORONAVIRUS: We must do everything within our power to contain the spread of the virus - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCris
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied If China had informed WHO 3 weeks sooner, global spread of the virus and number of deaths would’ve been reduced by 95%. Yes, 95% 
Fastest growing country for the Chinese Virus is USA. One factor is more testing and more positive tests. Time to start taking manufacturing back from China and putting America back on top. No  product in USA.  …
“Unfortunately one person who tested positive for the virus, but had serious underlying  passed away in the early hours of today.” - President @NAkufoAddo #KickCOVIDOut 
Samples were taken to Uganda Virus Research Institute where the patient was tested positive for #COVID19.
This is why Trump calls it "China Virus," and this is how Trump wins re-election against a missing in action nominee like Joe Biden even  bungling our national response to COVID-19. Bernie Sanders has been leading on coronavirus, I trust him to protect all of us. 
The virus is severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The disease it causes is called coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Kind of like the difference between HIV, the virus, which can cause the disease AIDS.
"Boltholes", "splendid isolation", "away from all talk of corona virus". Inspiration for when it's all over? Pull the other one.
These doomsayers and weak-minded exploiters don't tell you anything about the hundreds of thousands of people who have contracted the virus and have fully recovered (many without even having to visit a hospital)... because of course, death produces click-bait, not life. Scumbags.  …
Arrived in Uganda. Where's the Parte after Parte?
I WILL NOT REMAIN SILENT The catastrophic damage to our economy and the fear, panic and upheaval of 330 milllion Americans far outweighs the numbers of this virus. 276 deaths. A private message from an American: 
Our thoughts & prayers are with Paolo Maldini who was recently diagnosed with Corona virus....the LB Serie A: European Cup/Champions League: Coppa Italia: Supercoppa Italiana: UEFA Super Cup: Intercontinental Cup: 
This is what I was telling a friend this evening. This virus will be hard to control in Nigeria because most Nigerians are ignorant and stubborn at same time. Please guys stay away from crowed including church programs, you can worship God from your houses.
What’s the long term play? Why do they suddenly not fear the virus?  …
IF THE DEMOCRATS RAN THE USA THE SPREAD OF THE CORONA VIRUS WOULD HAVE LED TO 250,000 DEATHS AND OPEN BORDERS AND FLIGHTS FROM ALL COUNTRIES. BECAUSE DEMOCRATS ARE PANDERING JACKASSES, THEIR INCOMPETENCE IS 100%
Has  out and apologized to the virus for how the country is being viraphobic?
We are working hard for both #JoeBiden and the local hospitals today! Making homemade and reusable masks for nurses, while practicing #socialdistancing and safe measures to help slow the spread of this virus. #stayhome #volunteer Don’t forget to vote! 
Puerto Rico 3/21 - 5:00pm #COVID 19 - 235 have been tested - 21 positive for coronavirus - 143 negative to the virus - 71 results still pending Source: Task Force Director
As of 22 March, 2020, 00:00, the current situation regarding #COVID19 in Turkey and around the world: There are currently 947 confirmed cases of the virus and 21 related deaths in Turkey in total at this time. 
We win this virus! 
why do people keep treating the virus like its ISIS  …
Jason Lewis has been  of the Trump administration's efforts to fight the Chinese virus as well as the bipartisan approach of several state governors on the front lines.  …
Here in Yolo County, both West Sacramento and Woodland adopted emergency ordinances to do just this. If you are a resident of our cities & you've lost substantial  due to the virus or the health orders, landing on the streets is not one more thing you have to worry about.  …
It’s true the first Corona virus has been confirmed in Uganda and it’s a Ugandan. 
Medical experts say that COVID-19 is transmitted by respiratory droplets from a person carrying the virus that are dispersed into the air or onto surfaces through the process of coughing and/or sneezing, whereas false information about COVID-19 is transmitted by Fox "News."
This virus has no arms legs or means of transport Don't lend it yours, stay where you are
holy fuck I’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass
Corona is the virus but landlords are the parasites
Dear Secretary, never believe @JZarif 's false claims about money shortage in Iran for  #Wuhan_Virus. He is so skilled at playing possum. Everyone knows well @khamenei_ir has tremendous amount of money which he pays on acts of terrorism in Middle East.  …
I hate to have to explain how the virus works but you cant get it from a video feed. @joebiden is hiding.
@djhenshall: please RT. for your Boston audience isolating from the virus, WGBH is running Shetland series 4 as a 6 episode binge on April 11 starting at 2 pm. Would be a fabulous pastime even if the restaurants bars and theaters weren’t closed
so many incisive scenes in Soderbergh's Contagion, but my favorite has got to be the montage revealing how the virus initially spread 
Well done @FergusEwingMSP and @scotgov for this statement calling out the reckless irresponsibility of those heading to the Highlands and Islands to escape the virus. Hopefully further measures can be taken to make this behaviour cease. 
Why? This seems rather bad for public health. We have no idea the effect of the virus on the fetus. This smells of shameless opportunism.  …
You could suspend your relentless wallowing in political correctness/identity politics, at least until the virus abates  …
#Trumpandemic #TrumpOwnsThisPandemic #Trumpvirus This virus pandemic has Trump’s name all over it, and yes, he OWNS it.
BREAKING: The virus seems to cause very different reactions in some subjects than others. Is it due to variable strains, or the subjects themselves? More testing is needed. If you wish to undergo testing yourself, please talk to your doctor immediately. Your help can save lives!  
For hosting an "Owambe" party today, contrary to the directives of the Lagos state government as part of corona virus measures, Regency and Imperial halls at the Ikeja Central Business district were today sealed by the State government. ME: Churches and Mosques be careful ooo 
sis, is your local nail shop closed due to the virus? no worries! take advantage of our 60% off press ons sale using code: RONA sale ends tuesday, MARCH 24th at midnight. first 5 orders will receive a free cuticle oil pen  
the virus gonna run up on me and my dog? tf  …
"Inside the White House, Trump’s advisers struggled to get him to take the virus seriously, according to multiple officials with knowledge of meetings among those advisers and with the president" -anonymous officials with "knowledge", do they even exist?
We have to focus on crushing the virus and to do so requires bold, clear, coordinated and decisive leadership. Cannot leave room for interpretation or believe it can be handled locally. Virus knows no boundaries. #covid19  …
Salam khan special message about corona virus ! Ye public holiday nh hai. 
. @dbdavidbryan’s post on IG - March 21, 2020 David has been tested positive for the Corna virus and has been in quarantine for the last week, wishing you a speedy recovery @dbdavidbryan! We’re all behind you and praying for 
#NEW: @VP Mike Pence says he and his wife @SecondLady Karen Pence will both get tested for #coronavirus after a member of the Vice President’s staff tested positive for the virus. 
The first person I noticed who looking back had the full measure of this virus, and what was heading our way, was Piers Morgan.
Why do men still rule the world? All the decisions about how we deal with the virus have been taken by  by men. This includes all childcare and other care decisions. Women will do pretty much all the emotional work over the next few months plus all practical stuff
“Māori and PIs make up 60% of over crowded houses. If the virus gets into these homes it will spread. We can’t change the reality of 10 people living in a 2 bdrm house.” - @efesocollins What are aiga doing to physically distance? #nzqanda #coronavirusnz
When this #CoronavirusPandemic starts killing people in SA we must charge CR for Neglegence & he must step down. Anyone knows the only way to control the spread of this virus is to go on a lockdown. It moves with humans so you stop their movement you stop the spread. @LandNoli
This virus has really taken a turn on my business. Now they have closed the airspace.. Safety is of utmost importance right now because na who Dey alive go fit do business.. My  from the Lord because He has been my source..
Trump supporter said corona-virus is over-blown by democrats. Said there are more deaths from the flu than from corona-virus. Wonder if he heard that on Fox News?
Cabrona Virus must end 
Almost 20% of virus-positive people in Philly are healthcare workers - clinicians must avoid healthcare settings when not on clinical service - for healthcare events, including leadership meetings, meet via video. DO NOT MEET IN-PERSON See below...  …
Watched Channel4 UK News: doctor in Bergamo Italy interviewed. She contracted despite taking all precautions. She explained a chilling story of how fast the virus spreads, the life/death decisions made....When asked for one thing we must do she said:’Stay at home’ Be safe people
David Bryan has been tested positive for Corona Virus. Get well soon @dbdavidbryan
I was treated with chloroquine and kaletra for 3 days (they most likely slow down the virus) before I switched to Remdesivir (kill the virus?) for 8 days. (I had to stop Remdesivir due to elevated platelet).
We have been receiving a lot of questions about #COVID19 and screening for the virus. Below is an infographic that addresses some of the main concerns and clarifies some confusion. We continue to work together to prevent the spread and 
This virus got y’all rekindling things with your ex oh no.
Three top stories: Number of #coronavirus infections in UK tops 5,000 as 233 die  8,000 more hospital beds and 20,000 extra staff join #COVID19 fight  Medic: There's new symptoms for detecting virus  
Trump Says These Two Drugs Could Be ‘Game Changer’ In Fight Against Virus  
The Prophet’s Mosque is closed for the first time in 14 centuries, since the time of the Prophet’s mission of Islam. Ya Allah please end this Corona virus 
The Govt needs a more robust response to deal with this virus It needs volunteers To help with testing, supplies and a myriad of other things. It should ask for all the help it can get
101 years old corona virus patient recovered in the city of Varamin, Iran. #Iran #WeWillDefeatCorona 
This virus is causing the Supreme Court to delay arguments regarding Trump’s effort to shield his tax returns from NY prosecutors, which makes it even more likely that this issue will not be resolved until after the election. Damn it! We have a right to know if Trump's a crook!
I think the trend of people heading to rural Scotland in attempt to self isolate must be highlighted. You are potentially bringing the virus to areas ill equipped to deal with multiple cases. It will be hard for them enough to cope with their own. #SaturdayVibes #Covid_19
People don’t understand that the major issue is not the virus itself but the strain it puts the healthcare system in, cancer doesn’t stop, seasonal flu, strokes, heart disease don’t either but now we can’t deal with that PLUS Corona virus, THATS the threat.
Government: If we want to slow the spread of this virus, we must begin social distancing. It is absolutely crucial. Americans: 
I'm not taking Trump's racism lying down. And to those who say he's just stating the "truth" with the moniker "Chinese virus," ask yourself why he's insisting on using that name, rather than coronavirus or Covid-19 like the rest of the world.  …
Has anyone else noticed how angry the mouth pieces of deep state in media seem be at the fact that the cheap malaria drug could cure the virus & bring this nightmare to an end? It’s almost like they don’t want this to go away..
LMFAO. This COZA. Can never trend for the right reasons. Well, they have AC, Thermometer and most importantly, The Blood of Jesus to stop you from catching Corona Virus. That's what y'all get for enabling a highly functioning psychopathic pastor that believes his own lies.
Franck Zal biotech oxygenates all body cells using the haemoglobin of seaworms which hold 40x more oxygen. This permits organs for transplant to remain viable longer, or oxygenate cells blocked by fluids. 5,000 free doses of pharma-grade biotech ready for virus disaster zone. 
Me tuned into NBS waiting for breaking news on the confirmed Corona virus case Currently showing; Suzana 
This evening in Glastonbury. Doing my bit to keep you connected from far and wide during these strange times. Stay safe & remember that even if you think you might not get the virus you can still pass it onto a loved one. We're all in this together. #Glastonbury #avalon 
Seeing a lot of posts saying folk are decanting to rural areas to isolate, mainly Highlands, N Wales and Cornwall putting strain on services. Has to stop! Plus, Herbrides are now only virus free part of UK, can authorities please prevent people from going there? @scotgov
Corona, Corona #COVIDー19. That same energy you’re using to rush Chloroquine, if you used it to rush condom... the world would be a better place. Better use a condom this quarantine period if you’re not married or sure of your partner’s status. HIV is still a virus #SipsZobo
The 3 countries who have been the slowest to tackle the virus and even being in denial till now, have 1 thing  They are home to Rupert Murdoch's media empire. Let that sink in.
When celebrities start dropping like flies from this virus, then you will see how fast a cure is found.
The closing of the Southern Border is major and that closing will probably not be lifted for a long time as Mexico is taking very limited steps to control the virus. If it lasts long enough it could totally change the equation on illegal immigration going forward.
Dear Teddy: The Covid-19 virus's first documented case was in Wuhan China. It originated in Wuhan China, hence the name #ChineseVirus . Now stop pandering and playing the race card and clean up your district and state. Thanks, the American  …
The question is not if but WHEN will #COVID_19 hit shelters, modular housing, and  across the country. We need safe and dignified homes where low  people can practice social distancing, self-isolation, and quarantine BEFORE the virus hits   …
I hope you have the almost unique distinction of surviving the 1919 Flu and 2020 Corona virus.!
3) And why was Trump claiming the virus was no big deal as little as a week ago? Why did Trump poo-poo the virus for two months, claiming it was a hoax, and at the same time “totally under control,” lying about it for months?
yes, quercitin can be toxic above a certain level; but the science is there! quercitin acts to open the cellular gateways permitting zinc to enter ; inside the cell zinc acts against the virus
One of the most irresponsible pieces of so-called journalism I have ever seen. You have just helped spread the virus to areas with few hospitals and people WILL die. I suppose you don't mind living with that or you wouldn't write for @DailyMailUK
Why do you keep calling this the Chinese virus Trump a savage #Covid_19 #TrumpVirus 
Trump said Chloroquine was okay to use to beat the Corona Virus. The experts (FDA) said no it is not. Ordinarily, you will expect people to believe the experts. But some Nigerians preferred to ignore the experts and instead accept the words of a man who lies for fun. #Sigh
Seeing that there is still people that don't realize how serious this virus really is I want to share this video, stay home 
Looking at Japan and Italy It hit Japan first and Japan didnt even implemen widescale lockdowns and they have checked its spread Italy on the other hand The virus keeps spreading despite the lockdown What is going on
“The virus needs a host to keep going. It can’t live on its own, so it needs you and your friends as a vehicle to keep spreading. If it infects someone and then has nowhere else to go, it stops right there.”  …
The 'Mutare woman' who died just before getting to Wilkins. The adult male' whose test is 'inconclusive'. Both CHINESE. China is concealing fact their citizens came to Zimbabwe with virus. We are being played. Thank God for Mayor Gomba who called it as he knew this morning!  …
UK COVID19 Mortality rate around 5%..JUST REMEMBER @BorisJohnson was originally embarking on HERD IMMUNE course allowingnthe virus to take its course!! THAT potentially could have cost 3 MILLION lives. Brexit was his priority!! Now in ashes.
The spread of this virus has shown our for profit health system can't cut it anymore. We need hospitals that are union run-cooperatively owned. We need to put #PeopleOverProfits to ensure the best system. #NoProfitHealth #WeTheMany  …
India has a low count of COVID-19 cases because they have no testing, mark my word that the virus will spread like wildfire in the crowded stench conditions of India. Will Trump impose a travel ban like he did for Europe?  …
why is that your question? where are the 33,000 emails? where is the server? do you feel ill? do you have a temp? unless you're symptomatic, you don't need a test. maybe you could ask your friends in china about this virus? why did you write this to donna? 
President Trump will begin use the Emergency Broadcast System to give daily Corona virus updates totally bypassing the Corrupt Media clowns. @realDonaldTrump
is your school closed due to corona virus ? 
As the virus spreads, flying out of Mexico may  more difficult. You can currently still  flights to the UK. So if you’re not resident in Mexico please check with the airlines directly.  …
Donald Trump knew in Janurary the dangers of Coronavirus but did nothing. Didn’t buy or produce mass tests. Didn’t push social distancing until mid-March. Used microphone to distort, distract severity to the flu. Continues to lie about treatments, virus; over factual information
“Medical personnel will fall prey to the virus in increasing numbers, which will lead to a cascade of many more casualties within the American population as the healthcare workforce breaks down.” Bracing piece by @mbendernyc & @rgoodlaw on  …
Now in that same church- they see sickness as a sin and they avoid hospital. So many of them got the virus, were showing symptoms and kept going to church giving each other as well as their families at home. And Within 2 weeks, over 4,000 members tested positive for Coronavirus.
. This is like HITLER calling for building  of religious tolerance Xi, who weaponized this virus by hiding it until it was too late, needs to be hunted down just like we hunted down Osama Bin Laden until he no longer poses a threat to humanity  …
If you can't get enough info on the Chinese Virus, this is for you. Among other myths busted: Closing schools is really dumb. Evidence over hysteria — COVID-19 by 
GOOD NEWS: Malaria drug chloroquine, the newer version hydroxychloroquine mixed with azithromycin, just the old Z-Pac that we take for bronchitis, has had 100% good results. It cleared the virus, in some cases in three days  …
I think @realDonaldTrump need to quarantine the media cause they’re a virus to the American people.
Yes -- if you continually surround yourself with a dense enough cloud of #cannabis smoke, the virus can't find you...  …
Even the best sharpshooter can’t hit a virus you opportunistic con jobs
Breaking News: Corona Virus confirmed in Uganda This is the first case.  up shortly
New vaccine candidate for COVID-19 identified A chimpanzee adenovirus vaccine vector was chosen as the most suitable vaccine technology for SARS-CoV-2 as it can generate a stronger immune response in one dose and is not a replicating virus. #covid19  …
Nigeria News, Virus Latest: Chloroquine Poisoning, Trump Tweet - Bloomberg #UnintendedConsequences of POTUS practicing medicine without a  …
holy fuck I’m freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass.
Uighurs have been tortured in Xinjiang concentration camps. Why is this not racist? Has our MSM ever reported on this? Xi JinLaden & his CCP terrorists r Chinese Virus. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied   …
The confirmed cases of Corona virus will TRIPLE after church and mosque services tomorrow Na religion go kill us for this part
Kaaba During CoronaVirus and Before CoronaVirus Help stop the spread of the virus. Stop holding large group prayers. Your prayer in the confines of your homes is as good as outside in this period "Islam doesn't permit practices that would put human life in danger," Ali Erbaş, 
WATCH: George Takei says President Trump calling COVID-19 "The Chinese Virus" sends "a cold chill throughout the  because he’s sending a signal to the haters." "We have a long history of anti-Asian hatred in this country." 
True. None of this makes any sense. The reaction (or rather - the overreaction) is  with what is publicly known about the virus. I am not a conspiracy theorist but there is clearly more to the story than what we are being led to believe.
THREAD OF ART PIECES I'M SELLING! Payments would be paid via paypal.. I'll ship them out once this virus thing calms down some, if that's okay with you :') I'M SELLING THE ORIGINALS Size: 9" x 12" Price I'm asking for $75 - it took too many hours (glows in blacklight) 
You might be carrying the virus and have no symptoms n ur going out and spreading it to other ppl u never know n staying in is the best bet to stop it spreading
Breaking News: Corona Virus Confirmed in Uganda. God have mercy! #COVID19UG #Covid_19
14. Oh, also, several people have sent this video, which traces Trump's lies about the virus.  …
People in pandemic movies: *fears the virus, takes sensible precautions not to  infected* People in real life: "Just taking the tube out to the beach for the spit on my  I'd better leave now because it's rush hour, see you later diabetic gran"
this virus presents the perfect time to save money...
I’ll be filling the WTA Tour break with throwbacks to the last 7 years of womens tennis… starting with a selection of my favorite @AnaIvanovic photos tonight. (This one’s for @LillaMay who’s among those tirelessly fighting the virus on the frontline .. go follow her!) 
Follow @AontroimGAA player @PGal123 @GlenavyGAA advice GO HOME FOLLOW PUBLIC HEALTH ADVICE YOU NEED TO STOP THE VIRUS #Fightback #StayAtHome 
video out soon, first  “omg you cured the virus ” gets  hehe
Bergamo is a beautiful city, about the same size as Derry/Londonderry. Only a few weeks ago they knew little about covid-19 but now hundreds have died from the virus. Listen to her words, protect yourself and everyone around you, act responsibly.  …
RACHEL MADDOW wants to stop covering Trump's virus updates live. Why? If she's going to wimp out on us, that's more than slightly upsetting. Is there something I don't know? When Trump stops talking, do all the MSNBC microphones shut down thereafter? #snarkin but serio.
The Best Place To Weather Out The Virus Is Home! 
the oft used phrase “we’re all in this together” has been irking me lately. half a million people were homeless before this virus hit, we didn’t seem to be “all in this together” then how are we suddenly “all in this together” now?
 data - from 2 days ago Please note that I am NOT diminishing the Corona virus in terms of its potential severity or the hightened risks to the most vulnerable - but we do need to examine these data more deeply to ensure our response is proportionate 
Every time I heard people sez calling Wuhan Virus & Chinese virus was racist I wanted to puke. Thé Chinazis r doing ethnic cleansing in Xinjiang, formerly known as East Turkistan that China has been occupying illegally.   …
Wuhan virus. China. That’s where it originated, and it was unleashed on the rest of the world. #facts
Here is a multi-page list of disinfectants that are effective against the SARS-CoV-2 virus.  …
Man, if Maldini can't defend this virus, what chance do we have?  …
‘Imaginary virus’ Dear health officials all around the world, By any chance do you need a lab rat to test vaccines for this ‘imaginary virus’ here lies Ikechukwu Ude of the Ikechukwu foundation ready for use
SHAME. SHAME on CAS Counsel who just told me: "The emergency is the COVID Virus. Getting your client out of jail is not the emergency" SHAME. @douglasdowney This will be a letter  from my office.
ALL ERITREANS - Please call your relatives and inform them that COVID-19 has entered #Eritrea. Communicate all cautionary steps they need to practice. I just got off the phone with my fam, and they are aware of the virus and outbreak, but didn’t know it’s in Eritrea....
Best case: 1.1 million dead in the US, mostly normal by late summer, economy rebounds by Sept, virus has mutated by second wave in the fall Worst case: 2 million dead in the US, most mourned w/o funerals, economy in a depression  …
UNREAL!! "Health officials in New York, California and other hard-hit parts of the country are restricting coronavirus testing to health care workers and people who are hospitalized, saying the battle to contain the virus is lost"  …
Why were you telling voters this very week that they couldn’t spread the virus if they weren’t showing any symptoms? Ask Ron if that’s still true.  …
Then some of the USA political heads who knew this  sold their stocks before the market crashed to cash in on the effects of the virus before warning people... and you guys think trump loves Americans so therefore he’s a better president even though his nonchalance..(1)
Trump - Shut the border Media - Ur a racist Trump - Shut the border Media - You didn’t do it fast enough Media - Chinese Wuhan Virus Trump - Chinese Virus Media - Ur a racist Media - We need a leader that gives us hope Trump - Have Hope Media - Ur giving false hope #Trumpin
What is more contagious? The Corona Virus(which is another strand of the Flu). The Vaccines they claiming will cure people. The media attempting to put us in a state if fear. Rt this post Follow all Patriots Bookmark  back Follow me @ProLifeVet4Life please
Today in “But How Are the Pop Stars Doing?” Mariah Carey is on an elliptical with a can of Lysol, wearing sunglasses and black gloves and singing a virus version of “It’s Like That.” 
12. A little cherry for this shit sundae: a birthday party was held for Don Jr.'s girlfriend at Mar-a-Lago (during a virus outbreak!). Trump didn't pick up the $50,000 tab. Wealthy contributors to his presidential campaign got it, as mafia-style tribute.  …
Israel’s first corona victim: An 88-year-old Holocaust survivor Israel’s first coronavirus-related fatality was identified on Saturday as Aryeh Even, an 88-year-old Holocaust survivor, who caught the virus in the senior home where he lived in Jerusalem.  …
The Chinese government has happily exploited the lefts proclivity to live and die by dividing Americans with identity politics. The virus emanates from China. Does not speak mandarin, but you would think it does if you watched the news lately. Cut the bs and unite.
Watching ant and dec has been really uplifting!! Let’s all knuckle down, stay at home, enjoy ya family time and keep this twatty virus away from our vulnerable loved ones x @antanddec
There were no testequipments available when needed the most! Thus, today nobody knows how the virus is propagating in the US. NY seemingly breaks down now. 
So as I reported earlier The person who died of the Corona Virus be Lebanese. Still no local Ghanaian..we move
Regal Andrew is now live to continue raising our goal of $25,000 during our 24 charity stream to help those being affected by the Corona Virus. We will be using @DirectRelief as our charitable cause. #RegalReserve Up next is @MindofAndrew 
To add to our stress, we find ourselves worried about the vulnerability that a little strip of RNA encased on a protein structure covered by a phospholipid is causing in our lives. Oddly enough this non living virus has most of us at home spending time with our families. 
