Just got the call. My uncle has passed away from Covid19. He was a Vietnam Veteran, and prison guard after that until he became disabled with kidney disease. His wife is now home fighting the virus too. Hoping their kids and grandkids don't get it. #StayHome
ty on his way to beat the shit out of miss rona virus 
We are two weeks away from the "He was a Fox News watcher who didn't think COVID-19 was a real thing. His kids did, warning him not to go out and protest. He went anyway. Weeks later, he died from the virus" stories.
We could save more lives by shutting down abortion clinics than hiding inside from a virus! 
#IfTonyStarkWereInCharge  up w/ a cure with Coronavirus quickly but then would start overthinking it & try to prevent a stronger COVID From appearing down the line & doing more work on the virus but somehow accidentally giving it sentience to where its worse than Before 
There is a difference between someone that died FROM the coronavirus and someone one that died WITH the virus. Both are tragic but we need to know the true numbers.
The COVID-19 virus apparently attaches to ACE2 protein and attacks it. This protein is found in many parts of the body thus the virus can exist throughout. Kidney, brain, vasular system, etc. Scary as hell infection little understood. But open Walmart.
It is the China Virus. The Communist Party of China unleashed this virus on the world. What’s racist is that same Communist Party banning Africans from public spaces and blaming the virus in black people. China is also putting tens of thousands of Muslims in concentration camps.
Minnesota Business Owner: Virus lockdown will Cost me my Business & Life Savings I’m here because unless the Governor lifts the stay-at-home order, I will lose my home ! Hundreds of other Resorts will Go Out of Business this Year. China Must Pay for this Suffering 
Neither Corona Virus nor Robbers will know our homes!!! . Amen
. @GovWhitmer's virus response has gone too far. Her "restrictions make no sense, nor do her subsequent explanations." The latest on the chopping block? Bans on “carpeting, flooring, furniture, garden centers" and more. 
The vaccine scares me more than the virus. I know I can cure the virus w/ Hydroxy Chloroquine & Zpack. There is no cure for the vaccine & the damage it’s bound to unleash. Bill Gates, WHO, & the UN have a horrid record of vaccine side effects worldwide... 
70% of the victims are biological males. 30% of the victims are biological females. The disproportionality shows that a mere, faceless virus can tell the real difference between men&women. Weird that so many supposedly sophisticated members of the left-liberal cognoscenti cannot.
How many of us are ready to go ahead & take our chances suffering through the virus so we can deal with it & MOVE ON? Fine print for Karens: Those in high risk categories by all means should take every necessary precaution. Those who are sick should not knowingly infect others.
Please don’t turn a blind eye to WHO’s corruption. They are covering China up. Please fix WHO’s problems first otherwise we can never defeat the virus because we need to know the facts
As @DanCrenshawTX put it, @ChrisMurphyCT’s remarks are what happens “when your hatred for Trump makes you defend  government that deliberately hid a virus they knew was spreading around the world.” #IWpol #COVID19 
In other words: A large proportion of infected individuals have no symptoms Unclear why some individuals develop symptoms and others don’t, but from this study doesn’t seem related to age or to the amount of viral shedding throat Asymptomatic individuals can transmit the virus
Nana you see the virus doesn’t care about anyone? Lock us down again tomorrow okay thanks!!  …
Once this corona shit is over I hope they award taeyong with the nobel peace prize after single handely destroying the virus with his bat
By the way. Thanks for letting 3M sell all those masks to China while you were ignoring the virus, playing golf and holding rallies. Speaking  and utter fraud
Dying from asphyxiation instead of the virus <<<<<<<  …
May I just point out, focusing on *where* it came from is a TOTAL waste of energy. It’s finger-pointing. Distraction. (Sound familiar?) We need treatment at this point. We need research on the actual virus.
Protestors in Minnesota who want to be freed of the #CoronavirusOutbreak restrictions in their state rally in numbers, largely w/o masks and defying any kind of social distancing. These people are not heroes. They are incubators for the continuation and spread of this virus.  …
The US  is nearly unanimous on the origins of the Wuhan virus: a lab in Wuhan. Yet the mainstream media is yet to report on it. 
. @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @CNN Today’s “Corona Virus Briefing” was nothing more than a rant, rally and Democrat bash from a wanna be Dictator. If you insist on showing these, I insist you give equal time to @JoeBiden. An American Voter #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
How is it grown adults cannot distinguish the difference between a virus being real & does kill small percentages of people,but life continues for the 99.5%? The 80,000 Americans who die from the flu in a year,are no less valuable than those who die of covid19,but libs don’t care
President Trump just stated China could face consequences for their made in China virus. I agree with President Trump 100 per cent.
US governors face pressure as protesters revolt against virus restrictions  …
While we are all distracted. Grrr. Bioweapon talaga this virus, kahit hindi sadya.  …
And they might also give the virus to grocery workers, delivery people, healthcare providers, etc., who may suffer and die. Because of them. Irresponsible and selfish.
In Jan & Feb while the virus was spreading Trump had rallies, golfed & called the virus a Dem. hoax! 40,000 people entered the country from China & he did absolutely NOTHING to ready America! In fact he shipped PPE overseas & said Pres Xi was doing a great job! Disgraceful! 
You’re missing a hugely important point here. The number of cases hasn’t reached a plateau, the number of tests has. We’re not going to find more cases without more tests. The virus, however, will spread whether we test for it or not.
But it’s not just mechanical ventilation that’s affecting the kidneys... it’s potentially cytokine storms, overwhelmingly low blood pressure from the virus’ impact on RAS system & weakened heat muscle. Could be directly a result of the virus. They don’t have all of answers yet. 
ATTENTION #MAGA There was NO COVID19 virus when Obama was President, so how could he leave Trump broken testing for COVID19. Obama DID leave Trump an already established #PandemicResponseTeam and Trump dismantled it. Shelves were NOT EMPTY. If so,Trump had 4 years to fill them.
this should be THE defining, cautionary tale of this whole virus but instead we get to carry on like a cat on a turntable over buying lawn seed and getting fresh bee hives  
People are literally locked in their homes right now afraid of a virus with a 99% recovery rate and even when this stay at home order is lifted will still be afraid to go out...
Give the stay-at-home breakers a choice.Tell them they can be arrested or sign a waiver that says "they think the virus is a hoax & therefore will expect NO medical help if they get the virus".Treatment supplies are still limited.Why provide them to those who CHOSE not to adhere?
If you ever have had a chunk of cow crap fly off your loader tractor tire and land on your beer and you still finished it, you’re probably immune to the Corona Virus... 
A Beloved Bar Owner Was Skeptical About the Virus. Then He Took a Cruise.  …
Finally confirmation that North Korea has #Covid_19 cases. That the pandemic has spread to that closed society is surely proof far beyond reasonable doubt that virus will spread wherever it has the opportunity. Urgent global cooperation needed to stop it:  …
lexa: "hey did you know that quarantine can't be spelled without U R A Q T and that virus can't be spelled without U and I so if the virus doesn't take you out, can i?" clarke: "madi are you okay?" madi: "yeah it's just your girlfriend practicing pickup lines again"
What is @nytimes waiting for? Sign off from Beijing? “Analysts from the CIA, NSA and others have briefed staff at the New York Times about the origins of this virus. The newspaper has still not reported their findings.” 
Wow, looks like closing down parks and beaches has absolutely no effect on the spread of this virus! Who woulda thought?
Some interesting tidbits from Wuhan Virus “invisible scourge” briefings... . Using the military to fight narcos . WHO de-funding . China investigation . “Looking into” NIH funding . Voice of America disgusting . Many governors corrupt . Empty cubbard . “Third rate” anything  
This is a PANDEMIC! Nobody’s taking away your rights. We are trying to make sure as many lives are SAVED from a VIRUS that is KILLING PEOPLE. Imagine having no rights because of your skin color for longer than the existence of the US. GO HOME. 
All these "Joe will beat Trump in November" tweets are making me believe that his dementia is more contagious than the China virus.
The fear that this virus has put in America makes me so upset. Idk who I'm more disappointed in our government for spreading lies or the American people for believing them and not properly educating themselves
Is there anyone with a frontal lobe who buys that Trump wasn’t alerted about the virus when he was calling it a hoax by the people alerting him?
Jamaica and this Covid-19  like one big group work with some people a try dem best and some not giving a single fuck
We need to find out why African American and Hispanic people are getting crushed by this horrid virus and quickly develop plans to mitigate this. This is not something that can wait. This is a national emergency.
Why would he need to deliver those things? You said he’d never let the virus get here. Oh and #WhereAreTheTests?
Xi Jinping covered up the virus epidemic, not because of his nationalism, but to maintain  regime.The so-called animal market, bat soup are not facts, this is a lie that the Communist Party blames laboratory viruses on animals.  …
“Several States in Europe have publicly appealed for refugee health professionals to join in national responses to the virus. We fully support such initiatives..." ~ @FilippoGrandi on what refugees doctors and nurses can do for coronavirus response 
NO golf in Massachusetts..Please, please take a look at us here..It makes zero sense we can't golf.. How do we get the virus from our own damn ball??? I walk..am never within 6 feet of another player
Yes we envy their response to the virus in the same way that we envy their national health scheme and their gun culture.  …
Got my test results back, I don’t have Covid. Thank you all for checking in on me. A lot of my symptoms were exactly like this virus but grateful it’s something else. First thing I did was text my daughter  in my room and watch some movies. Josh is here too. Love you all 
4+ months ago, Trump admin was informed that the virus would lead to a pandemic. Yet they did nothing, told no one. Had they taken action, we would have enough PPE, ventilators & tests. The spread, reduced significantly. Many Americans have & will die because of Trump!
Neighbors having people over to share whiskey, a fire, and a virus.
Old Retired White Rightwing People Wanting The Economy Reopened Not Hiding(Like The Rest Of The World) From A Fatal Virus That Favors Old People & Decimates Healthcare Systems 
New York City's Mayor says he can't reopen NYC without federal help for testing: "Trump blew it in Jan in Feb in March he did not get us testing. If he had it could've changed the entire course of this virus"(CNN) Trump says, without evidence, states fail to help themselves.
Essential reading alert! Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives.  …
y’all still really bringing ppl  si nada just because they ur friends and u don’t think they got the virus. y’all nasty deadass
Pandemics should not be possible in otherwise healthy populations with access to clean water & good food. But when this new & novel virus emerged, over half the world's population was already chronically ill because Big Chem, Pharma, Energy, & Ag. destroyed their immune systems.
Mad Don Pushes China Virus Conspiracy ... While Bodies Pile Up Behind Him  …
CNN, NBC & ABC are owned by corporations who depend on China & their Communist Party for a revenue stream. AT&T, Disney & Universal. Think of that when they criticize the POTUS because China lied for months about a virus they let loose on the planet. Start asking questions folks!
Widespread serology testing in NYC could end up proving a tragic timeline: authorities tell us virus is no problem, then it spreads to over a million New Yorkers, then city shuts down business/schools and made sure huge numbers of infected stayed at home with high risk elders
Someone is trying to spark a civil war in the middle of a pandemic? (so if the virus doesn’t get you? You’ll get each other?) A foreign enemy does that. The one trying to take our country down using that desperate crime monster in the WH.
Because CNN doesn’t air lies and dangerous rhetoric. By the way, Laura, I’m still waiting for you  touch every surface in New York and then touch your face, since you think this virus is a hoax. Put your money where your never closed mouth is
This is why allowing the WHO/CCP to rename the virus was an epic mistake. China should be directly linked, via the virus’ name, to the massive human and economic suffering they have directly caused.
Insane CA govt takes away any form of exercise. This is NOT about a virus, it's about FULL CONTROL of your life and finding any way to limit your ability to get or stay healthy. No talk about nutrients on the news. Just go back to isolation which encourages sickness.  …
Copying Errors: As virus spreads, its genome needs to be replicated many times, random #mutations accumulate RNA-dependent RNA polymerase is low-fidelity enzyme High mutation rates allow for rapid #adaptation to different host cell environments  
Nature is healing, crabs have reclaimed the airports, we are the virus 
aid to Vanuatu segues to US cancelling its WHO funding. Payne says Australia shares some of the concerns the US has about the WHO, which is nonsense. The POTUS trying to blame a UN body for his vast virus response failures are domestic politics, nothing to do with us #Insiders
United we beat #COVIDー19, divided we succumb to it. There is only one enemy, and that enemy is the virus. The sooner we defeat #coronavirus the quicker we can get back to trying to beat Ohio  …
If you’re angry at China for releasing this virus on the world, just remember: our very own NIH funded it. Feel better now? #BringItALLHome
You know why dictators in African countries have always been quiet on China’s abusing behaviors against their citizens? China’s telecom virus Huawei has been spying on their political opponents for Beijing & African dictators China’s bought.   …
Main organs fail due to lack of sufficient oxygen in system. Lungs primary site of infection in organ failure cascade. Body’s natural inflammatory response to virus increases lethality.
Good old fashioned China bashing. Payne asserts virus originated from Wuhan and likely from wet markets. Cases first started to rise in Wuhan but no one is sure where it actually originated, there’s speculation it may actually originated in US. Why make wrong assertions? #insider
The sunday Times It would not be until March 2 that Johnson would attend a Cobra meeting about the coronavirus. But by then it was almost certainly too late. Britain was on course for one of the worst infections of the most deadly virus in more than a century
Don Lemmon and Van Jones will be teaming up tonight to engage in some ideological sleight of hand by shifting blame for disproportionate impact of virus on Back and Brown people from environmental racism and capitalism to lifestyles of the people.
"And there’s a way out. We don’t have to choose between staying frozen forever or surrendering to allowing this virus to kill millions. The way out is to have massively increased testing and tracing of contacts." @PeteButtigieg #MorningJoe #MSNBC 4/16/20 #TeamPete 
For the people who want and need to work now, why not apply for a job in an essential industry that needs to stay open? If people don't care whether they contract the virus, there are essential jobs they can apply for.
Rep. Demings: "When I heard [Florida Gov. DeSantis] say we should consider reopening schools because children can't contract the virus, right here in Orange County we have a child less than 1 year old who has the virus."  @amjoyshow
Despite best efforts of CDC to increase numbers by first saying any death WITH #CCPVirus could be considered a death FROM the virus & then saying a positive test isn’t even needed, we can see where this is going.  …
I can’t decide for Nana Addo but I can suggest as a citizen. He shouldn’t end the lockdown tomorrow cos people want to go out and work If we get mass cases of the virus when he ends the lockdown, we Ghanaians will still blame him Nana should extend the lockdown for our benefit!
Hey fam, I want to  the REAL @DrJudyAMikovits to twitter! Dr. Anthony Fauci destroyed her career to cover up one of the true causes of cancer: animal virus that had contaminated vaccines and the blood supply. Please give her a follow.
Can't nuke a hurricane, can't shoot a virus and a sharpie can't redirect the path of a storm. Are we clear?  …
Imagine if a bomb was dropped on this stadium and everyone parished, and Trump knew all along this was going to happen. Replace ‘bomb’ with ‘virus’ and this is where we find ourselves. #Perspective  …
eg a journalist asking the foreign minister “Do you think the virus originated in wet markets in Wuhan?” Like. What is the point? Don’t answer that. I know the point #Insiders
This idiocy relies on the nonsensical belief that you can scale contact tracing on a virus that can spread asymptomatically in a nation of 330 million people. Forget voodoo economics. This is voodoo epidemiology.  …
Kids and by kids I mean you 16-30 year olds who smoke an vape. Quit now. This virus attacks everyone’s lungs. STOP or else.
The Directioners are returning. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
Hard to know what the most damning part of this brilliant Insight piece is: - Johnson’s 5 missed COBRA meetings - fact preparations for a pandemic were put on hold to plan for no-deal Brexit - johnson repeatedly holidaying while virus spread  …
The virus is causing blood clots. Not from not moving, but the virus itself. Google blood clots and COVID 19. When doctor diagnosed me it, her strongest warnings included to move, move move and watch for blood clot signs.  …
We are already celebrating people who allowed the virus into the country for great leadership when they tell us to stay at home and wash our hands,  …
A Beloved Bar Owner Was Skeptical About the Virus. Then He Took a Cruise.  …
Is the China-Africa ‘all-weather’ relationship in the midst of a Coronavirus storm? Recently the whole world has seen how China abusing Africans in Guangdong, kicking them out of their homes. China is the most racist country in the history. China Virus!  …
Fuck the virus luca Brasi still graduated 
New Yorkers every day at 7pm use sirens, pots/pans, applause to salute and thank all those medical workers and others - our new heroes - on the front lines of fighting the virus and taking care of the sick! Bravo to them!! 
TAEYONG’S BAT SAYS COVID 19 HE GONNA WACK THAT VIRUS AWAY!!!! 
Literally cheering to be wiped out by a virus.  …
Every week, no matter how bad the deadly virus gets, the BIG & BOLD goes unsold, the lone Hot Pocket survivors, starvation the preferred option 
ALWAYS some  their bullshit to civil rights. Protesting an order to prevent the spread of a virus ain't the same as protesting to get treated like you are a human being, you shit bags  …
If the virus came from a Chinese lab, China lied about it, spread it to the world, killed thousands and blamed us - Democrats picked a REALLY bad time to ask Americans to vote for a guy OWNED by China.
“Aside from face mask, we need a FAITH MASK, to protect us from the virus of fear, from the virus of anxiety, from the virus of hopelessness. Have faith in God. Believe in Him.” -Fr. Jerry Orbos, SVD
Oregonians are left to fend for themselves and risk infecting others, unsure if they actually have the virus, even as tests sit unused. #StopTheAbuse  …
#Covid 19. Eating real food ( #LCHF) will keep your immune system healthy & help fight the virus. Eat eggs & cholesterol rich foods to boost your immune system. ⁦ @FatEmperor⁩ ⁦ @DrAseemMalhotra⁩ ⁦ @ProfTimNoakes⁩ ⁦  …
Tonight my 6yr old prayed for us not to get sick with the virus, to help the doctors find a cure, that angels would watch over those who are sick, and that my Nintendo Switch wouldn’t break
210) Virginia reduces jail population by 17% amid Corona virus  …
You’re a very st*pid. You think God hate those who have died out of the virus or what? God is there for everyone who believe in him. Is also our part to protect ourselves and do the needful thing. Reason and stop fuuling  …
VIRUS WEAPONS IS the Globalist Agenda to bring us down for take over.  …
First big US publication to mention the Nobel Prize-winner for discovering HIV saying it's a man-manipulated virus: USA Today. Not in the headline. Buried at the bottom with a smear hit on him. It's like a dozen paragraphs down.  …
The reason why Morrison is unclear whether Aus’s COVID19 strategy is suppression or elimination is Morrison is happy to see the virus take out some of Aus’s elderly & most vulnerable. Look at his earliest approaches when he already knew how dangerous it was #insiders
People should at least want to protect doctors and nurses and first responders from deadly cumulative exposure. That is part of the reason we are sheltering in place. So we don’t get the virus and infect others.
These people are speaking against their own beliefs- that “your personal freedoms extend to the point that they tread upon mine” If they go out, contract this virus, and give it to someone else.... they have tread upon the personal freedoms of another human being.
Coronavirus Mutations: ~2 mutations per month ~29K nucleotides to pick Mutations that functionally change virus will be naturally selected against (weeded out) Vaccinate population, mutations that functionally change virus will be selected for, but it’s a slow process 
Trump isn’t discussing the Covid virus. It’s impossible to follow what he’s talking about but it’s not the virus.
Trump says it’s a Chinese Virus Trump supporters says its a lie The guy holding a sign says “It’s a lie. But he’s wearing a mask just in case it’s true
He was a Fox News watcher who didn't think COVID-19 was a real thing. His kids did, warning him not to take an  cruise. He went anyway. Weeks later, he died from the virus:  …
CHINA KNEW THEY HAD A PROBLEM IN WUHAN. The lab accident released a KILLER HIGHLY INFECTIOUS COVID VIRUS. They had to SHUTDOWN WUHAN to the rest of China. But then they thought. HOW WOULD THE WORLD REACT? So they DECIDED IT IS BETTER TO HAVE INFECTED WORLD THAN ISOLATED CHINA 
China deliberately infected the world with Wuhan virus it created, kills 100s of thousands, sells defective medical supplies to those who haven’t been killed. EU needs to wake the hell up, CCP is more dangerous than the Nazis had ever been.  …
Celebrities are holding a fundraiser to benefit the World Health Organization? Really? The WHO that spewed Chinese propaganda including no human to human transmission of the virus? Celebrities hate America. Why am I surprised?
Stop & think about this. @realDonaldTrump, with the help of the RW media, has brainwashed his supporters to such a degree that they are willing to gather in crowds & expose themselves to a deadly virus. It’s undeniably a cult.
The skater boys have returned to the streets of SLC. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
#Venezuela Nicolas Maduro the real deadly virus in Venezuela More dangerous than #CoronavirusOutbreak 
We’re all tired and bored at home. We all want to go out and go about our normal lives But we should do that with no fear of we contracting the virus. If we rush that we want to go out and we contract this virus it won’t be good for us Even US is finding it difficult na Ghana
That's okay, with all the various pills and ointments he's used over the years his immune system must now be a turbocharged virus-killing machine  …
Honestly? How dare they! Complete disrespect and disregard for those FIGHTING the virus on our behalf. I’m outraged on behalf of our #HealthcareHeroes  …
Monsta X a group that practice together, perform together, breathe together, sleep together...once they arrive home they eat separatedly to “not spread the virus” it makes sense
THE SUNDAY TIMES Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives
The only thing spreading faster that the virus is stupidity. 
New for @IndyMonthly: “The protestors were outnumbered by another group of Hoosiers: the 545 who had died during this pandemic, a growing cloud of witnesses who breathed their last strained breaths before dying of the virus those gathered here mocked.”  …
Here’s how massive testing in Korea is being successful: If patient with virus is identified, they will trace their activity, identify all the contacts, and test all of them whether showing symptoms or not. It has been very successful.
The cold had fact that cannot escape me is that the Nigerian Federation spent more money on fuel subsidies than on healthcare and  The irony is that a virus has shut down the largest economy in Africa and crude oil (WTI) is $20 a barrel Selah.
I watched it on @MSNBC Another 2,000 dead today. 750,000 sick. Soon 40,000 Americans will have died. And during the "Corona Virus Update" they were not even mentioned.
Pornhub be like: “your phone got a virus” okay ANDDDD? play the fucking video
It seems like Dems don’t want to reopen America until we have a 0% death rate from the Chinese Virus What about the tens of thousands killed by opioids every yr due to the open border? What about Kate Steinle and thousands of others murdered by illegals? What about abortion?
Someone lock up the booze! Turn off the music! Fire up the private jet! Get this Drunken Fool back to DC! Small businesses are dying. @SpeakerPelosi is the virus killing America! Retweet this tweet Leave your handle @Follow all Patriots Please follow 
America is the only country I've heard say they are 'going to war with the virus'. What the fuck is with you people and war?
Im against the virus  …
Thousands of people dying in front of their eyes yet the virus is fake. Some dumbass fuckers is all I can say.
New Yorkers have thought all along that the subway was the covid-19 super spread But with the panic driven lockdown, authorities took a virus that had already spread widely and forced people into more crowded subway cars and buses with limited service. This made it worse-
Gobsmacked... Quote: The strategy of the British government in minimising the impact of #Covid_19 is to allow the virus to pass through the entire population so that we acquire herd immunity,  … #LabourLeaks #SuspendTheStaffers 
A flight carrying essential PPE & NHS supplies landed landed at Glasgow Prestwick Airport from China on Saturday morning The cargo included around 10 million face masks as well as infusion pumps for ICUs & virus collecting kits for use in laboratories  …
Again, goal is not *stop* the spread in its tracks. Not a tenable position. The goal is focusing on protecting the vulnerable and reopening the nation. Contact tracing for COVID is a  ideal. Not happening at this stage. U can't track a respiratory virus like it's HIV.
Keep this circulating. Trump owns the virus deaths in America.  …
Like in other countries, MCOs will work if majority of  We can be proud that most M'sians cooperated during MCO; which has given us some time. However, virus is still out there; now's the time to honestly review & fix our areas of weakness b4 MCO is lifted. 
Patriots outside the Texas Capitol building chanting "Fire Fauci"! Texas Population: 29,472,295 Texas China Virus Deaths: 318 Enough is ENOUGH! Patriots around the country are done staying home & not working, because Fauci wanted to shut everyone down! 
This has nothing to do with “capitalist overlords”, it’s about people getting a paycheck. Plus losing jobs and losing health insurance go hand in hand. Really gonna be hard  the virus without that.
I’m over “peacefully”! Between the sick human trafficking that’s clearly allowed, deep state, being tracked for years, manipulated, & now constant media lying & a bio virus ect.., geez I’m ready to fight for Americans.. I’m done with USA dictators DONE!
LIBERATE MICHIGAN! Set yourselves FREE! FREE to be subjects in lockstep for me! FREE to spread virus, and violence, and fibs! FREE to kill olds just to own all the libs! FREE to ignore all the freedoms we’ve lost! ‘Cause FREE, under ME, has a terrible cost!
I drew too much today. Here’s what I was working on before I decided to take a break and watch a movie about a deadly virus outbreak instead 
Why??? Our great president would never allow the virus here in the first place. 
The left says Trump was golfing and holding rallies and should have been working on the virus! What the hell was he suppose to do? Close the country before we had the first case? Give it a rest you lefty idiots. He works now while you hide eating ice cream!!!
if a person has a low level of the virus it doesn’t show up on the test. But those are the exact people who need to be tested and quarantined early. The Rapid Coronavirus Test That Trump Hyped Produces False Negatives  … via @politicususa
Early origins of the virus remain unclear, but some Chinese scientists' work is helping develop a vaccine.  …
Everything we’ve been through so far has merely allowed us to reset the clock to mid-January, when the virus was already seeded in many parts of America and we were on the cusp of the biggest public health crisis in a century. ⁦ @propublica⁩ deep  …
No words except sadness and anger that this evil virus has taken another colleague. Was blessed to have known him and worked with him. This is not right. The ACU family will mourn and then we will carry on doing our best. Rest in peace young man and thank you for all you did  …
The truth at last. "Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives."  …
Bats are not spreading the virus. Humans who interfere with wild animals are. Learn the facts you utter moron. #BatsAreFriends #BatAppreciationDay
A charter flight carrying essential personal protective equipment (PPE) and NHS supplies including around 10 million face masks, infusion pumps for Intensive Care Units and virus collecting kits landed at Prestwick Airport from China on Saturday morning. More on 
everyone else on this livestream: we can work together as a people to stop this virus. we will survive this superm: step on the floor (START A RIOT!) wheres  man its looking one sided up like a 747 we the flyest mmmmm a lifestyle you should try it
The way to “reopen America” is to invest  testing for the virus and antibodies, research into how to treat the disease, vaccine development, and upscaling systems of care where all workers have constant protection, resources, medications, and everyone gets care.
Right, we still got AIDS, West Nile virus, swine flu still, and SARS with no vaccines, and we are doing just fine.
Happy G Day y’all! Hunker Down against that virus 
I wonder who colluded with China to get this virus into USA? Who would want President Trump out of office? Gee, I wonder…..
Watters' World is ONE HOUR away with @JesseBWatters : @BretBaier @TGowdySC Virus Hunter #CJPeters WH Econ. Adviser #LarryKudlow Attorney @Barnes_Law @marthamaccallum Tune in to @FoxNews tonight, 8PM ET.
Anyone know, generally speaking, the percentage of these people who will get the virus during these idiocratic protests? 
THIS IS BULLSH*T! US Virus Numbers Now Include Probable Cases Without Tests  …
Do you find it strange that the Corona virus knows where the rich & wealthy countries are located? It must have a money sensor attached to it. 
It is now painfully obvious that it was necessary for the government to actually do its job and relieve the economic pressure as I suggested a month ago in order for everyone in quarantine to remain patient while we got control of this deadly virus>
<Essential worker heroes who’ve worked all along without enough government protection will now be joined by non-essential workers without enough gov protection desperate to pay their bills which should have been postponed or forgiven. With no tests in sight, only the virus wins.
Good luck calling every1 on the metro who were exposed to the infected guy who has been using it past 4 days. Contact tracing on a respiratory virus, this late in the game, with 10s of millions already infected, is on such a level of crazy that there is no word to describe it.
The enemy isn’t the one you disagree with politically. The enemy is this virus. It seems to me that much like  at us from Mars, this should unite us. That it doesn’t, because of political hate, is the most disturbing thing of all.
“On April 9, he died of Covid-19. The following day, Artie Nelson, one of his longtime bartenders at JJ Bubbles...died of the virus as well. ‘If Trump had gone on TV with a mask on and said, “Hey this is serious,” I don’t think he would have gone.’”  …
It's all well and good for you to make jokes with your virus release form if you aren't going to lose anything staying home, but if you have to watch everything you've worked for all your life crumble before your eyes it's a little bit harder.
Trump says that the stock market thinks he’s done well against the virus 
Reinhold Niebuhr was right “Predatory Self-interest” is the virus that society must get vaccinated from daily.
Fmr SG Dr. Regina Benjamin talks COVID-19; Dr. Oz slammed for  SBA out of rescue  …
Dr Fauci - care to explain how the same HIV Glycoprotein 120 that you've been studying since 1986 ended up in a animal virus? Our bodies fight off bacteria and viruses on a daily basis. However, if you encapsulate the virus this deceives your immunity  
A good way  the Coron*virus blues is to watch A League of Their Own, which is a perfect film. 
can they stop talking about the damn virus I just wanna jop
Another 2,000 dead today. 750,000 sick. Soon 40,000 Americans will have died. And during the "Corona Virus Update" they were not even mentioned.
I am just wondering if people realize that this virus is here to stay! So no matter when we open, there WILL be more cases. Guaranteed!! So do we stay in forever?? Let’s rip the bandaid off! It’s in God’s hands now.
Lockdown is absolutely vital in ending this terrible Corona Virus. There's no treatment. Some will survive. Many will die. Many more will die if we're not careful. Government on the other hand must not be allowed to  a dictatorship. Be vigilant. Stand up. Defend democracy.
I am seriously so over giving a shit about ppl who think social distancing doesn’t matter and corona virus is a joke. I’m at the “go out, get sick, and die” phase of this pandemic. If you’re too stupid to understand reality, IDGAF about you.
I saw this on Facebook but a Tunisian taxi driver did this to protect himself from the virus. Get on our level fam 
. @billmaher tries to blame Trump for China Virus — @DanCrenshawTX drops a Truth MOAB on 
India has had only 350 Corona Virus deaths with a population of 1.3 billion residents. After heeding President Trump's advice in March, India began  and subsequently administering Hydroxychloroquine to its citizens diagnosed with Covid-19.  …
nature is healing, we are the virus  …
Are people really so stupid that they think protesting will magically make the virus go away? I hate humans.  …
"Our federal health minister, Jens Spahn, knows what is good for us in these difficult days. He is a skilled banker, so he is a virus expert." To my friends in #Sweden and elsewhere - Open letter by @RiotTurtle65  … #COVID19 #CoronaCrisis #coronavirus
After nearly a month in self isolation it's really heart warming to watch people take to the streets and try to undo any progress that may have been made in mitigating the spread of the virus All the health care workers putting themselves at risk All those without a job Cool
Just think about how this country, and the police, reacted to black protesters with the simple demand that the police don’t murder them. Now think about the reaction to protesters insisting on re-opening America in the middle of a pandemic, who are also spreading a deadly virus.
Trump says: “Some governors have gotten carried away with social distancing,” as virus deaths climb. What has Trump gotten carried away with?
You know what’s crazy? People are socializing in person again. People are taking walks again. People are being neighborly again. And all it took was a deadly virus.
“Coronavirus is the virus family. Covid-19 is the disease. The actual virus is SARS-CoV-2” 
Yoooo another day, another virus!!
It should say, “Give Me Liberty to Cause Your Death. “ Therefore - very easy to understand how this is the same as their gun rights. Just think of the virus as a just another weapon they’re claiming the right to wield at “undesirables” in “self defense.”
How the fuck do you protest a virus?
Disgustingly opportunistic and virus like. The gov't needs a prescription of indefinite #physicaldistancing from the oil lobby. No more fuel to the climate crisis pls. No deregulation. No big bail outs. #GreenNewDeal + Help workers transition to family sustaining green  …
Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV  …
The first results from antibody testing are fascinating! 50 times more people were infected than the official case count on a population tested in Santa Clara. This puts the Coronavirus fatality rate at ~ 0.1% - i.e. millions of people CAN NOT DIE because of the virus
Some us have been warning about inevitable government overreach and abuse of power all along. Now we have city officials not just shutting down parks- idiotic in itself- but actually going the extra mile to make them unusable for all. This is not about safety from a virus  …
Wanted to ask folks for prayers for a fellow King Pin and Mets superfan, Nick “Pin Man” Giampietro. His mom passed of Covid-19, his father is currently in the hospital with it, and he too is fighting the virus.  
I would have preferred we CLOSED our border while we had no virus at all. To sit back and watch this gov't importing it on a daily basis was heartbreaking. To think they have wrecked our economy and send thousands onto the scrapheap because PM wanted her day in the sun in ChCh.
. @realDonaldTrump, if there is take away lesson the COVID-19 virus has taught us, it is that we cannot trust China ever again! They are not our allies and never were. China must pay for unleashing their biowarfare on the world. That is what it is. Please take action against them.
Are you sure #Biden is aware that there's a virus out there?
Boris Johnson To Pull Out Of Huawei 5G Contract Due To CCP Misinformation. Also - CV19 testing kits contaminated with the virus?  …
Ghana has recorded 834 cases from 60,916 tests conducted representing 1.4% which is very good But how sure are we that these are the only people with virus in the country That’s why we need extra weeks of lockdown to properly assess things. We shouldn’t rush at all
G7 refuses to use the term “Wuhan virus” Merkel affirms support for WHO Macron rejects the Wuhan lab conspiracy Europe is planning a future that’s closer to China and farther from the USA. The future is EURASIA
I've been very clear that I think there are no easy solutions. And I'm not taking a hard position because I have taken the virus seriously from day one. But I've also lived close to the edge my whole life. I've lived out of my car and had to choose to eat or pay rent.  …
This virus is airborne and thousands die a day, but they're going to send people back to work anyway since they can't have people realizing the state can provide their subsistence at literally any time.
Doctors Express Concern Over CDC Guidelines That Inflate CCP Virus Deaths: State Senator  … via @epochtimes
Schools are going to have to open at some point. The virus won’t have gone away in June and it won’t have gone away by September either so the when makes little difference. Children are going to be behind. You aren’t going to be able to catch everyone up. It is going to be messy.
Have we tried protesting the virus? . Oh wait
If the virus was, at that stage, serious enough to require Cobra meetings, it was a dereliction of duty for the PM not to attend them.  …
I sympathize with your husband cause I have a cousin who works as a nurse at Mount Sinai hospital in New York, the epicenter of the virus. She's in a different ward in that hospital but coronavirus patients travel through her ward and my family is deathly afraid that she'll die
I feel like a lot of columnists at mainstream outlets have nothing useful to say about the virus, so they just wedge it into some previous hobbyhorse of theirs. In the meantime, some quick thoughts on how Modern Monetary Theory can inform the best policy response... 1/
Even without the launching power of a sneeze, air currents could carry a flow of virus particles from an infected person sitting in one part of a room to another location more than 20 feet away. 
No blanket testing so...“As soon as we stop the shutdowns, we’ll go right back to exponential growth" of virus infections, the economist Paul Romer tells me.  …
Well yes. Except the edit suite is shut. There’s a virus going round
It's going to be even higher when the virus is finished with all those who'd rather party at the beach than quarantine.  …
 BLACK PEOPLE to ANIMALS at art expo.... But Americans are racist for calling Corona the Chinese Virus We are living in the upside down! 
I feel a lot like everybody was chill with staying home to stop the virus until they heard about the demographics of fatalities. That’s when these protests against the lock down really started cropping up.
Anybody wishing your state/city would "open back up," give me a call. I'll tell you what it’s like to have COVID-19. You know, just so you’ll be prepared when you take the virus home to infect your loved ones, some of whom could die. I mean, if it's that important to you and all.
Now GOP activists have asked Bill Barr to sue governors of states who are trying to keep people safe from this virus. I say we load up all the idiots that want to risk all our lives and send them to some island until a vaccine is developed.  …
Ahh you remainers get a real kick out of Slagging off your country's government don't you. No finger pointing at China, the WHO or the dreaded Virus itself; just a barage of blame gaming and vicious rhetoric. Agenda driven fools.  …
He's losing it, no sane person says something like that. The guy is certifiable, and god help us he's supposed to lead us thru this virus. I'm honestly scared of what will happen to this country.
Trump uses his White press conference on a deadly virus to suggest that Muslims are somehow not going to follow social distancing. Why? Well because Trump is a vile bigot. I can assure u the Confederate flag wavers were not Muslims. Hmmm, I wonder what religion they were?  …
Just heard  that the virus couldn’t be *that* difficult to figure out: after all, it is COVID-19, not COVID-1
our medical frontliners are sick and tired attending to over 6K patients. 765 doctors, nurses and other health care providers are now infected with the virus.
It’s a virus! We can’t stop it! We have no vaccine in sight. We cannot lock everyone up for 18mths. Yes- protect the NHS Protect the elderly &vulnerable Get everyone else about their business because it’s INEVITABLE that we will all catch it. We can’t run away. #COVID
We did 7 tracheostomy tube placements today for COVID patients that are struggling to get off the ventilator. We do this to help our patients, but these procedures aerosolize the virus and put doctors, nurses, and other staff in the hospital at risk. 
I'm already starting to see jims and karens on facebook saying that clearly we never needed to be under lockdown in the first place because look at how the rate of infection is slowing, the virus wasn't even that bad! and you know what, god, you can take me now, I'm ready
3 ways that a population can beat Covid-19: (i) eliminate the virus and keep infected people out; (ii) herd immunity (c50% exposure neeeded; or (iii) vaccine Elimination strategy is best aka measles (but without a vaccine yet)  …
The Great State of Tennessee is trying to open up as @realDonaldTrump suggested. But @BillLeeTN cancelled an execution due to the Covid 19 virus. Can someone please explain what the hell that I am missing here. Shock him & roll him out.
PS: before writing another word about this & opening economy/schools, READ EVERY WORD OF THIS. Normally-healthy kids do get COVID symptoms at much lower rates, but who knows if many/all have long-term after-effects from a virus this damn frightening?  …
Dr. Luc Montagnier who discovered the HIV Virus in 1983, says CV IS MANMADE!! COVID-19 Is A Man-Made Virus: HIV-Discoverer Says "Could Only Have Been Created In A Lab" | Zero Hedge  …
PM Netanyahu: In recent weeks Israel and all countries have been on an extraordinary journey, the goal of which is to ensure health and lives in the shadow of the global corona pandemic. Throughout this journey, we have taken determined and methodical steps to  the virus.
It would be great if this virus only impacted the reckless and stupid but sadly that is not the case.
I never forgot when Ross Parks waved a Confederate flag while spreading a deadly virus because liberty.
Keep protesting a deadly virus, you'll get both soon enough.  …
Is the Virus on My Clothes? My Shoes? My Hair? My Newspaper? We asked the experts to answer questions about all the places coronavirus lurks (or doesn’t). You’ll feel better after reading this.  …
Imagine how the President feels about Stone going back to Jail, with the Virus Problem CRIMINALS are being Released But Stone has to go to Jail Who is the Judge ordering this action
I watched that Bariga clip and I can tell you that Lagos is as ignorant as those in the North. Nobody is practicing social distancing. We can only expect more Corona Virus cases really.
Pence is right! The risk is low! Most will have zero symptoms and will recover without even knowing they had the virus.
while the us tightens its stranglehold on other countries and blocks their access to medicine and supplies through economic sanctions, cuba and china continue to demonstrate the international solidarity and cooperation needed  the virus  …
We invite you to tune in to our Sunday Worship Service Online tomorrow morning at 9am at  I have a message I'd like to share with you about a different kind of virus that the Word of God warns us about. 
Wisconsin needs to OPEN UP more hospitals!!! If not the corona virus wards, it's the Psychiatric Wards!!!  …
"Children who tested positive for the virus had a very low viral load, or the number of viruses in their body."  …
It's time to unite and fight against this virus to end soon. Together we can ,please stay home. #SVU #diehards
a genuine question to this virus 
I'm not shocked to see nuts on Twitter. But maniacs calling COVID-19 a conspiracy & saying we should go back to normal need mental help. This virus - so far - has killed over 31.5K w/ 700K cases and THE NUMBERS ARE STILL GROWING. Morgues/Funeral Homes don't have room for bodies!
Aye having corona virus is shite but could be worse could be from Dyce
Some people don get this virus recover sef them no know
 … China puppet Adam Schiff begs President Trump to stop blaming China for the Chinese virus
Not 1 crackhead got the Corona Virus, they might be overthinking the cure
(1/6) Over the past 6 weeks in NYC, I've treated 100s of patients with #COVID. My #PPE kept me healthy If the government wants to restart the economy then start by mass producing N95 masks, goggles and hand sanitizer to protect workers against this deadly virus. #MakeFreePPE
The unintended consequences of the government edict to close the economy and put 22 million people out of work may prove to be worse than the virus. The shut down, predicted on 2.2 million deaths is to date, 38,000. The President was given bad info.  …
...the only way to stop a virus is by using the well-established public health policies for stopping a virus. "Pshaw...liberal conspiracy" is not public health policy. If Trump had done this right, I would have praised him for it. I think most people who don't support him.../5
Why there may never be a vaccine? It doesn’t get into you, it stays on the surface cells in your lungs. Flu viruses get into you, so the body can fight and makes T cells. This virus doesn’t kill the cells, it makes them sick.  …
The spread of the virus into Trump country is the thing I'm most closely tracking on an hour-to-hour basis right now, because those deaths will have severe consequences for BIPOC across the country
Bill Gates is being falsely portrayed as the creator of Covid-19, as a profiteer from a virus vaccine and as part of a plot to cull or track the global population 
...control is the way both to stop the disease and save the economy. But no. The GOP went down its usual "experts dont k now as much as Fox News talking heads" and scoffing at the way to handle this, as if a virus would care about talking points..../4
A white guy tried to run me over with his car way back before shelter-in-place was even a thought here, because terrorizing Asian folks because of this virus was a thing long before we all started feeling trapped
Hundreds of thousands of workers continued to toil side by side in Juarez, Tijuana and other border cities, churning out electronics, medical equipment and auto parts. Meanwhile, the virus was spreading.  …
And what the virus said, girl?  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Should go on until every state has opened back up fully
Okay! Kano really needs to chill. This is not presidential election. It is a deadly virus!!!
Yeah bring your guns to a protest about a lockdown due to a virus. What a smart idea, that'll really show that virus. Idiots.
The sad soul who joked about Trump kicking Obama & the First Black family out of public housing (White House)—says people protesting stay-at-home orders on all citizens to stop a deadly virus are exactly like Rosa Parks protesting systemic violent racism targeting Black people
Must watch Cheers virus! 
New Mexico – we are NOT out of the woods yet. This virus is incredibly contagious. Please, please stay home & do not gather with people. Please keep yourself & others healthy & safe. Public health MUST continue to be the top priority. Help me keep you alive. 
Thread. A Broadway actor who has the virus was announced today to need to have his leg amputated due to  People who contract this disease and survive are going to be physically affected for years, if not permanently. It’s not always benign.  …
Mike Pompeo Demands Investigation of Wuhan Virus Lab It looks increasingly plausible that coronavirus escaped from a laboratory.  …
The Surgeon General lied. Trump appointed him. He followed the WHO guidelines. Then he said he just found out that the virus could spread from asymptomatic people. That’s an obvious lie. No one even cares because you’re brainwashed by right wing con artists.
Thankfully her cheeks are covered to prevent the virus from seeping in  …
Trump is blaming Obama for his own administration's testing failures because if you can blame the black guy, why not? His base eats it up. Never mind that Obama couldn't have had a test in place for a virus that didn't exist yet. His rubes will buy it, hook, line and sinker
Y'all my sister just called and told me my dad has been rushed to the hospital because of Corona Virus he had some difficulty breathing and couldn't walk..So just asking for prayers please as he is afflicted  and is elderly. 
"The Prime Minister is said to have missed the first meeting on January 24, which lasted an hour, and then four more as the virus became a massive threat to the UK... [he] attended his first Cobra meeting about the new strain of coronavirus on March 2 - five weeks later.  …
Ogun state is having a "window of relaxation" on some days during the lockdown. I hope Corona virus has been duly informed of its new opening and closing times
Stats the media should add to virus data: -Dangerous inmates directly released -Increase in suicide attempts -Impact of delay on medical treatments for non-coronavirus patients -Increase in domestic abuse -Increase in robberies -Days of school/graduations lost -Businesses lost
I’m not pointing any fingers, all I’m saying is no one had the virus before the Popeyes chicken sandwich
I was sick with the virus (high fever, pain, pneumonia, the whole deal) and although I can’t say for sure (I wasn’t there), I’m pretty confident it wasn’t as bad as Auschwitz or Buchenwald.
so i guess one of the symptoms of the corona virus is having no taste?? ugh i hope people who watch riverdale get better soon
It seems to me that given how contagious this virus is, it’s only a matter of time before almost all of us are exposed to it. What do liberals want here exactly? A continuation of a shutdown for the unforeseeable future? Is that it?
These fools are showing up in military gear to fight for their rights to work side by side with other men tougher than a virus, all for a boss that will kill them to make a buck. When will you realize that toxic masculinity is just another way they teach you to police yourselves.
5SOS'S concerts 5SOSFams being canceled doing a online bc of the corona concert with virus more than 5h 
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update We would have made a deal with Iran, but Kerry is breaking the Logan Act. and giving them bad advice, so he isn't embarrassed. When I came in Iran on the way to take over the middle east, now they just want to survive.
In the unfortunate event that I die from this virus, you have my absolute and express permission to politicise my death. In fact, I’ll take it as a personal insult from beyond the grave if you don’t.
The KyGOP needs to stop being fearful of their Tea Baggin minority base and start doin what’s right about this virus. FIND YOUR BALLS. This ain’t the party of Reagan OR Lincoln anymore- and you will be eatin by the loons if you don’t sack up. TODAY.
Can everyone please just follow the government instructions so we can knock out this corona virus and be done?! I feel like a kindergartner who keeps losing more recess time because one or two kids can’t follow directions.
Good article that surveys the heterogeneity of data on the virus' severity. Death is of course the worst  but hospitalization and emerging reports of long-term damage to the lungs or heart aren't great either.  
How dare those governors think about the health and safety of their people while the Virus is still spreading....so unreasonable.
Can the #coronavirus be "reactivated" in some patients, who then test positive again? Maybe. Can these patients infect others? Unclear. (Note: this isn't the same as "reinfection," i.e., catching the virus again.)  #COVID #COVID19
Trump just alluded to the possibility that the virus was released deliberately. You know, just as aside.
We are seeing patients develop kidney failure, have strokes, seizures, clots in lungs, this virus is a beast. And the recovery after being on a vent for three weeks to a month is extensive.
I missed the part where a blazing meteor of an  helping spread a deadly virus because you’re tired of watching TV at home to Rosa Parks.
Trump says if he had not been elected, we would be at war with North Korea. But we're at war with a pandemic because he golfed in February and held a rally at which he called the virus a hoax.
#KAI will be performing with SuperM at Global Citizen One World: Together At Home Special to Celebrate COVID-19 Workers charity special tonight. It is a great cause and we encourage everyone to take action against the spread of the virus. Stay safe everyone !! 
Axis on what we DON'T know about COVID-19: *How many the virus has killed *How many have it *How many have lost their jobs *How many businesses will shut down *When we'll have a treatment *Whether the virus could return in the fall even stronger *If we're immune once we've had it
LIVE I am kicking off the beginning of a 28 HOUR #Unity Charity stream! Tonight we are ALL streaming for @FeedingAmerica and the people who have been negatively impacted by the Corona Virus. RTs appreciated  …  
Trump could have been a hero by mobilizing our country's experts and businesses to stop the virus before it was able to take hold. Saying "Trump could have" is spitting into the wind.
Convenient that her tone changed on this virus the second it personally affected her 
What are you going to choose? If given the choice to die from #coronavirus or the most venomous virus on earth, #Bashar #al_Assad, which would you choose? Both are dangerous. Both are deadly poisonous. Both are extremely lethal. Both are the most extreme.  
Cool site (created by founders of Instagram) that tracks estimated rate of covid transmission in each state:  Look at how much progress there was between two weeks ago and last week. (A number below 1 means the virus is losing ground.) 
we are the virus  …
As long as Nigeria is being reactive to covid-19, this lockdown will remain and spread to more states and so will the virus.
The Egyptian ministry of health is hosting an online Q&A on Monday about how  the spread of the virus and has invited the public to submit their questions via their hashtag. It's a great opportunity  rumors, misunderstandings and misinformation about the virus.  …
#IfTonyStarkWereInCharge he would've found a cure for the virus, fix the economy, end world hunger, and make world peace a reality in his first week. 
Like disabled people have said, this virus will increase the number of disabled people exponentially...  …
Older millennials  in the living room and you had to wait till your parents were out to download a single porn image that was like a horrible photoshop and also contained every virus imaginable.
Lawmaker organizes protest of governors Wuhan China Virus stay-at-home order. REP CHRIS JOHANSON SMACKS LEFT CRAZED GOV JANET MILLS ! WARNING LEFT WE ARE DONE WITH YOUR SHIT ! WE WILL SHOW UP ARMED AND IN NUMBERS ! A WAR YOU WONT WIN !!! Paint my country red 
Do you think the transmission modalities of this virus have anything to go with this?  …
President @realDonaldTrump is the Best President to tackle #coronavirus. When the Governors needed help, he sent equipments immediately! His aggressive approach is slowing the spread of the virus. 
im now protected from the Corona Virus 
If you are a @realDonaldTrump supporter protesting A VIRUS w/ large groups of other trump supporters please continue to do so
Prayers for a local priest who has potentially been exposed to the Corona virus as he gave last rites to a woman who passed away from the virus this week. I will not divulge the priests name out of fear he may get into trouble from our wicked bishops and chancery.
Just do not believe this is trending. What a sad nation we have  It takes three weeks minimum to recover from this virus with rest! #WhereIsBoris
I know a lot of my colleagues will be scared right now following the sad news of the loss of a colleague to this virus. Please don’t suffer in silence talk to one another and support each other. We will continue to fight this virus in honour of our brother taken far to soon RIP
Minnesota business owner: Virus lockdown will cost me my business & life savings in 30 days  Where is the empathy? Do politicians have any clue what a shutdown does to MOST businesses? No. POLITICIANS are still getting paychecks & benefits. No pain there.
“This virus won’t last forever” Coronavirus: 
paul pogba when u don’t dab to stop corona virus 
I think we should debate the virus in the marketplace of ideas
South Carolina is testing 28 persons per 100,000. The number needed to adequately monitor the virus is estimated at 152 out of 100,000. We don’t seem to be anywhere near the margin of error on that.  …
This virus is more than just a virus. It's a reflection of structural failures that have existed for a long time. We're bringing all of this to light on tonight's OWN Spotlight: #BlackWomenOWN the Conversation #COVID-19 Facts and Myths. Join the conversation at 
What truly baffles me is the selfishness of individuals that don’t respect social distancing and take this virus seriously. People I know have died. It’s simple, just stay home. It’s sad, but I don’t think some people’s attitudes will change unless a national treasure dies!
12 in FCT? And some people gathered together like segregated custard at the funeral of a man that died due to the virus? We don't know what's about to hit us in this town
By the way you can use this frame to champion left wing causes and leaders too. “AOC Takes On Big Bank’s Fraud Scam.” Or media criticism “Fox Goons Whip Up Moronic Virus Protest Frenzy... And Mad Don Approves” 
Nothing more patriotic than spreading a virus!
#NEW: At today’s WH press briefing, Pres. @realDonaldTrump says “we continue to see a number of positive signs that the virus is past it’s peak.” 
Corona virus!! Listen to me !! Go back to sender!! We've  you enough!!!! I cast and bind you with the power of the holy ghost! Leave!!!!!!!! 
*Pandemic virus happens* Floridians: 
Both Cohen and Avenatti are being released from prison due to the China Virus, while Roger Stone goes to prison till he dies. The justice system is severely corrupt in the US. Justice would be served if both get COVID 19 outside of prison. The Irony. 
I don't know why we've gone so hard on the virus. Can't we be more civil?
Why did the @POTUS praise China’s handling of the virus in January?
The president tried everything to stop the spread of the virus- golfing, tweeting, holding rallies, saying it was a hoax, letting tens of thousands into the country from China, not having testing, ignoring science, lying about it, all to no avail.
Trump patting himself on the back for the billionth time about stopping flights from China. It was a partial stop. And I hate to break bad news, but the virus was already here.
I will speakin out against the virus later tonite
FLASH: Forty-nine (49) new cases of Coronavirus have been reported in Nigeria; 23 in Lagos 12 in FCT 10 in Kano 2 in Ogun 1 in Oyo 1 in Ekiti Total cases now 542. Lagos, Abuja and Kano are really massively spreading this virus. May God help us. RT for others to be alert.
A high rate of positive tests suggests that most people with the virus aren't being tested. About 20% of people tested in the U.S. have been positive — twice the maximum rate  by the WHO.  
Wearing a mask while protesting the Corona virus is hilarious. Republicans are dumb.
In other news, another 888 people were reported dead from the virus in the UK today. Yet again the BBC News website hides the figure away from the front page. More important to them is the Queen cancelling gun salutes for her birthday and some new NASA mission.
"Protect yourself. You wear masks but what if virus enters from below? This, too, is medical science," she says. Such are the people in federal government attacking Sindh and the provincial lockdown with their anti-Sindh, anti-Karachi hate.  …
Hey dickface. New Yorkers brought the virus to us. Clean up your own mess before slandering others. 
Evergreen Tweet Trump is melting down today, saying bizarre things, lies, fomenting discord, attacking the truth - and trying to gaslight an invisible virus
There you have it. US COVID mortality rate is lower than all countries at 11 % per 100,000 only Iran and China are lower than us if you can believe that. So our @realDonaldTrump has done a phenomenal job  this biowarfare Virus from China. Thank you for your hard work!
The clapping Thursday nights for NHS,but there are crowds forming,with all emergency services. How can we have a lockdown when this is happening. And why are there 50,000 people entering the UK herding through airports no tests,police the borders stop the virus spreading.
'We are about to be out of time.' Trumps original sin, his epic failure to prepare Americans for #Covid19 will be overshadowed by his next irresponsible decision. He will reopen old wounds, reawaken an angry virus, & release untold pain.  …
NB: White House press corps. Would someone please ask about what science shows about mutatations of virus and level of concern about “passage” of virus to a more lethal form over the summer into the fall. Follow up: When would experts tell us they were worried based on evidence?
Govt has refused FOI request to release Cygnus 2016 report. Someone really needs to LEAK it. This is from @Telegraph, not knowingly hostile to our PM: Britain planned for herd immunity while Asia intended to contain virus  …
We’ve just lost a member of our family to the virus. We don’t even know if we can hold a funeral. Believe me, don’t listen to the Mail on Sunday - lockdown is preventing more families going through what mine is.
Suspended cancer care, cancelled surgeries: the untold toll of #Covid_19 may be as bad as the virus itself. @ElizaMillerMD @probstMD @Leighwebb_MD @DrTsion @Cleavon_MD @DrMichelleLin @NickMD1980 @KennethJPerry @NickGavinMD @AngelaMMills  …
Hundreds of thousands of workers continue to toil side by side in U.S. factories in Juarez, Tijuana and other border cities, churning out electronics, medical equipment and auto parts. Meanwhile, the virus is spreading. Workers are dying.  …
MUST READ EXCELLENT ARTICLE! Author summarizes MediaRats willingly sacrifice American lives by lying about life saving medicine to treat the China Virus. American's see ALL RATs HELP & SUPPORT China in overthrowing the U.S.! THEY LIE, KILL & WILL BANKRUPT US! 
A full account of just  disastrous the Tory handling of the virus has been, as per The Sunday Times. When  out the other side of this how many thousands will have died because of Johnson's laziness and  and 10 years of brutal Tory austerity?  …
Serious concern about impact of #COVID #Covid_19 #COVIDー19 and lockdown on IDPs like #yezidi #Yazidi who can be stuck between lockdown checkpoints. Measures to prevent virus spread essential, but care necessary for innocent civilians with basic needs  …
Birx: when you are the first country to have an outbreak of a new virus, you really have a moral obligation to share information with the rest of the world. (Pressure here on China from the doctor as well as the president.)
Jun: The #CCP suppressed information about the virus out of fear, to hide true intentions from the Chinese people, rest of the world #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
Dr. Birx....it wasn't until the virus hit Europe that we were alerted to how bad this was because China was hiding the numbers...
Slide from Dr Birx Simple question if this was a natural “virus” Why would NY be so far a part from cities like San Fran? Simple answer, they wouldn’t Deeper thought it’s all a WhiteHat cover to takedown Human Trafficking You are safe - Q Scare Necessary Event- Q 
it’s a self-parody of  backwards country that the dumbest people in america are chanting this while spreading a deadly virus as simultaneously all the news channels are broadcasting live an impossibly dumb game show host telling millions of people he supports them  …
new favorite tinder bio: “if the corona virus doesn’t take you out, i’d like to.”
Jun: Night before #Wuhan lockdown on Jan 23, 300,000 fled the city, revealing that #CCP failed to prevent spread of the virus. This caused the pandemic. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
China must be brought to their knees unmercifully by the United States for this virus release! Make the ChiComs pay dearly, so they never ever forget! #AmericaFirst
 to realize that the ONLY plan Trump has is to actively make this virus last as long as possible. Consider: He ignored ALL warnings He was forced to do something - He did one thing (closed travel to/from China) which he implemented so poorly enough as to be ineffective
The virus doesn't care about your religion.
Cyborg Beetles on #5G can Kill Humans Guided by #AI Poison/Virus Delivery Systems. Published in my Books  … Used to Crawl into UR Homes by Terrorists/Big Tech=MBT? China CCP Stole this #biotech Retweet, Support My Efforts Pls Demand Media Stop Censoring 
I cannot believe what I’m reading. According to the Sunday Times, Boris Johnson didn’t attend five Cobra meetings on the virus
Ya Allah Please heal the sick and feed the hungry! Bring the end of this virus! Ameen!
Trump repeated that pre- #Coronavirus the U.S. had the strongest economy in world history, and the stock market rally proves it's still strong and that he's doing a great job. The economy was weak before the virus and the market is rising because the Fed is doing a horrible job.
President Trump has announced that he will end Obama era funding to the Wuhan lab accused of spreading the China virus. Why were we funding it in the first place?
Do read Israeli Professor Shows Virus Follows Fixed Pattern  … @geopolytica @FernandoAmandi
Makes sense, can’t risk the virus finding out  …
I’m starting to question what’s worse, the virus or @realDonaldTrump on the tv every damn day!
Dad is fighting #Covid_19 in his care home tonight. This virus has the potential to wipe out all of our elderly folk. Please stay at home and protect our dearest.
Hey, Just trying to figure out why people are surprised that a disproportionate number of Black people are dying from the virus.The idea that the virus has shined a light on the inequities in our society is laughable.That light has been shining brightly since the day we got here  …
We aren't winning the war against the virus. The lockdown might have slowed the spread initially, but we are definitely back on a rising trajectory. 
I have lost 15 people in my life to this deadly virus. It’s real y’all. Please #StayHome and #StaySafe to  …
Without NY the story in America would have been of a notable success containing the virus
And there it is. Social distancing is now "politically correct." He's turned efforts to limit the spread of a deadly virus into a partisan issue.  …
It's not about that , WHO released new studies that show that the virus can survive on prepared foods , whether hot or frozen , and it was ruled as a risk , if someone who is sick prepares it (without knowing) it would then put essential workers at risk
From the bottom of my heart I want to thank @conquercovid19 for helping my moms homecare business with n95 masks. It’s unbelievable what you are doing. @sulemaan thank you. At a time where the virus has hit her therapists. Thank you
This is classic adaptation. The cubs have to learn how to defend themselves as cities encroach on the wilderness. Humans are the virus. 
Parag N Joshi who supposedly works with @KNPCofficial is endorsing hatred & bigotry. He say's world is watching Muslim spread corona virus. I would like to know if @CEO_KNPC endorses this sort of behavior from their staff? @MOInformation @ECCCD FYA @KuwaitArmyGHQ 
I miss the days when ‘virus free’ meant that it didn’t burn when you peed.
I can think of a downside to describing virus-containment measures as “political correctness.”  …
the trees have finally started peeing again. nature is healing, we are the virus  …
. @GovWhitmer's virus response has gone too far. Her "restrictions make no sense, nor do her subsequent explanations." The latest on the chopping block? Bans on “carpeting, flooring, furniture, garden centers" and more. 
@ladygaga. Im sick with the Corona Virus. I know u help people and God said to ask you so here I am! A closed mouth wont be fed! I need your help anything you you can help us with! Thanks Gaga 
This is where a White House reporter, any White House reporter, can simply ask: 1) how could he “inherit” tests for a virus that didn’t exist yet, and 2) why didn’t he replenish the “bare” (PS they weren’t) stockpiles these past three years? Any reporter. Go.  …
If you're scared of the virus, stay home. We are free men and women and we run the show. This will not be the new normal. #libertyprevails
I just found something huge!!! This 2019 DoD study shows that the flu shot causes SIGNIFICANT virus interference with CORONAVIRUSES!  …
Okay..let's say you are ignorant of what we are dealing with.. You are at the burial of a man who just died from the Virus and this is what you do??? Honestly...I am tayard... just watch this @NCDCgov here you 
Important NIH study shows #Remdesivir prevents pneumonia in monkeys infected w/ #COVID19. All 6 monkeys w/o drug had “rapid, difficult breathing.” 6 monkeys that got drug had lung damage and virus in lungs. 1 had mild breathing difficulty.  …
Have the Italian, Spanish & French MSM spent the entire time that Corona Virus has been rampaging through Europe bitching & slagging off their governments? ... Or is it a British press thing?....
I don't live in Scotland but find myself listening to your press conferences about the virus. If only England had you in charge...
 to 2020, where a virus can be considered racist
President Fucknugget again with blaming Barack Obama for not preparing for a virus that didn't exist when he was president.  …
9. But as citizens, you must also not relent in your own responsibility to keep the virus away from our State. #Covid_19 #Broadcast
4. Much as we remain excited by our current status as a coronavirus-free State, this does not mean that we are safe and free from being affected any further. 5. The reality is that the virus is well around us, and probably, could even be within us among asymptomatic carriers.
One more time, for those in the back, the virus doesn’t care if they are real protesters, or paid actors. All the virus cares about is they are warm bodies it can use to spread itself. And right now, its got a lot of warm bodies gathering in groups it can do that from.
Ignorance is also factor. And it’s because they blindly follow Trump and conservative talking heads by believing the downplaying of the virus. And of course Trump, Republican politicians and pundits will not be held accountable.
To all you MAGAts who believe the virus is a hoax: when you’re sick and dying and can’t breathe, don’t ask for a ventilator. They don’t work on fake viruses. Just hold your Drumpf flag high and hope that he gives a shit about you. News flash: he doesn’t. Good luck!
No new deaths from COVID-19 in Mecklenburg County. To date, 1,151 County residents have tested positive for the virus and 24 have died. For daily updates about COVID-19 in  »  
BREAKING: Trump says “It could have been stopped in China.” Trump knew about the virus the same week in November that the first case of COVID19 occurred. He’s the one who didn’t do anything to stop it. No one else! Him! #TrumpPressConf
In a parallel universe there’s a video conferencing tool called Covid and a virus spreading so fast we call it Zoom.
My mom is an amazing woman.  everyone working out there (in any way) to fight against this horrible virus, putting themselves and their families at risk. Listen to what my mom personally has to say. Stay home so we can all be together later 
TRUMP SAYS THIS VIRUS COULD HAVE BEEN 'STOPPED IN CHINA'
"We started off with a broken system. We inherited a broken, terrible system. And I always say it -- our cupboards were bare. We had very little in our stockpile": Trump tries to blame Obama, who left office in 2017, for a virus that reached the US in 2020 
“The next big human pandemic—the next disease cataclysm, perhaps on the scale of AIDS or the 1918 influenza—is likely to be caused by a new  to humans from wildlife.” Words written 8 yrs ago. Listen to ⁦ @DavidQuammen⁩ discuss  …
Feeding time! Keep healthy to fight virus... 
Trump is inflaming his base, both to build public pressure on governors to open their state economies sooner and to misplace blame for an economic downturn made necessary by the administration’s initial failure to monitor and contain the virus. 
What do masks have to do with silencing free speech? You can talk just fine with a mask on. These people believe in the virus enough to stay home if they’re sick, but don’t understand being asymptomatic? My head is going to explode.
The persons connected to the Eramsus MC are Virologist Ab Osterhaus (Earns money from vaccins) and Ron Fouchier, named by @GreatGameIndia as the one sending the virus to winnipeg. He's a freemason. And an strange dude.
Idea: Everyone who is afraid of being infected with the CV, continue to self quarantine. Those who are willing to take the risk, go back to normal life. That way, the only people at risk of catching the virus are those who are willing to take that risk. Our bodies, our choice.
reminder that the more people who are in jails/prisons during this virus not only put the people who are incarcerated at risk but the staff as well. u shouldn’t get a death sentence for a probation violation for weed, u shouldn’t get a death sentence for going to work as a guard
Obama administration created a  pandemic response plan and team after Ebola. Team was disbanded in 2018 & plan was mostly ignored. One of first actions was to bolster national stockpile when virus showed up. Instead he chose to ship out PPE to China.
Chinese virus  …
Syria: Trump's trying to kill us Repeal ACA: Trump's Trying to kill us Paris Accord: Trump's Trying to kill us Overturn Iran deal:Trump's trying to kill us N.Korea tweets: Trump's Trying to kill us Corona Virus: Trump's trying to kill us See the pattern?!
"Unfortunately, some partisan voices are trying to politicize the issue of testing, which they shouldn't be doing. Because I inherited broken junk" -- Trump absurdly tries to blame Obama for his administration's failures developing a test for a virus that didn't exist until 2019 
A Beloved Bar Owner Was Skeptical About the Virus. Then He Took a Cruise. Now he's dead.  …
Already been a study that sunlight kills the virus. Being around other people outdoors is extremely low risk. Plus young people also have very low risk.
The road to Canada's COVID-19 outbreak: timeline of federal government failure at border to slow the virus Part 1 | Edmonton Journal  …
735,000 Americans have contracted COVID-19, with nearly 40,000 deaths. And there's a large band of people... protesting... that their freedom is being taken away. Their freedom to... go out... and catch a devastating virus, that could kill them and their loved ones. Okay.
“Boris Johnson skipped 5 Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored” Boris’s “take it on the chin” with a “Superman attitude” response to coronavirus has cost thousands of lives.  …
“Up your nose and then we hang a right and wiggle it behind your eye...” @realDonaldTrump on the first virus test he took.
He keeps blaming Obama for not fighting a virus that didn’t yet exist.
"If we scrupulously protect ourselves and our loved ones, more of us will live. If we underestimate the virus, it will find us." - Donald G. McNeil Jr.  … #COVUD19 #coronavirus
Will 45% of the country will want to switch out @realDonaldTrump for @JoeBiden in November if they are worried about the virus, it’s return or it’s after-effects. @POTUS haters will deny and scream, but the middle —esp the apolitical— will say “No way. Too risky.”
Trump is blaming Obama for faulty testing for a virus that didn't exist 4 years ago, so testing didn't even exist. 
"I inherited broken junk." That's Trump, referring to the preexisting test for the COVID-19 virus that didn't yet exist.
Proud of my brother! Serving his nation and mankind. May Allah help all those working to fight against this virus and those suffering from it #PrayForHeroes  …
"We started with a broken system from a previous administration or administrations" -- Trump ludicrously tries to blame Obama for not preparing for a virus that didn't even exist under years after he left office 
Everyone gathered around Alex Jones, gather closer. Breath deeper. Let the virus go to work.  …
Hard to inherit testing for a virus that did not yet exist.
The protestors who want to reopen our society (and the virus be  themselves to Rosa Parks. Rosa...Parks. Yeah. And I throw like Joe Namath.
I don't know if I'd say that the virus hit blue states first, I'd bet it's just more likely blue states are being more transparent on divulging their positive cases and actively looking at every sick person as a means to containment/mitigation.
That makes no sense sending primary children back. Schools are petri dishes of virus’ and infection. Parents can’t even control head lice never mind covid. Why would any parent allow their child to go back to school until this is under some form of control.
My totally unproven hypothesis is that the virus is causing inflammation and damage to the pancreas leading to loss of insulin production. But I have no idea.
“Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives.”  …
Furthermore, what’s more locked down than a prison? If you can’t stop the virus inside a prison/jail among the incarcerated, why are you locking the free people down?  …
"I inherited an outdated testing system! " When will a reporter ask him what that means since the virus wasnt discovered until the 3rd year of his reign of terror
So not only are journos bashing Florida for opening beaches strictly for recreation *now* after Florida's peak has passed, New York City allowed the same behavior in their parks during the worst period of the virus spreading in the country's epicenter. But Florida is the problem?
What is happening to Cal is part of the unacceptable “normal” too many other people want to go back to. Normal puts people at risk of dying from this virus. We must do better as we move forward. We must not leave anyone behind in an institution who wants to live in   …
New rhyming slang: Miley Cyrus (virus) Desdemona (corona) Forrest Gump (elbow bump) Nook & cranny (hand sanny) Beef stroganoff (cough) Me Bean (quarantine) Cyndi Lauper (torpor) Jimi Hendrix (Netflix) Magic mushroom (Zoom) Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (how much longer?)
As frustrating as these people are, so much of their behavior is a direct result of the piss poor education and messaging on how this virus infects. And that message confusion is 100% the responsibility of Trump. He has led his own supporters to the slaughter.
100s of people in Maryland are lined up to get a free bag of food or $30 voucher from store. A country on lockdown is more dangerous than a virus with a lower death toll than the flu (even after inflated data) OPEN UP AMERICA ASAP! 
Getting ready for the most epic pub crawl ever when this corona virus is over! #whodey #StaySafe 
All I’m hearing from mayors is they are worried about money for underprivileged testing for the virus. Yesterday I went to one of the poorest zip codes in Nashville and there was 3 people in line ahead of me. Mayor’s and Governor’s we ain’t buying your BS.
. @MSNBC Why are you allowing trump more free AIRTIME for his hate rallies disguised as virus updates, HE'S LYING and you are giving him voice!!! STOP IT! You are repeating 2016 all over again! Turned the channel! Do your job, you are allowing him to use you to broadcast LIES!
That wind is blowing SO MUCH DEADLY VIRUS around
Schulte: De Blasio Is Fudging NY's Virus Numbers  … #Newsmax via @Newsmax
The origin of the virus is a serious matter of science. We need to heed and respect science-based and professional views.  …
How fast the virus is growing? State by state: 
The Sunday Times reports that Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. The Telegraph reports that he’s ‘taking back control’. Journalism versus propaganda, right there.  …
It doesn’t add up. Something just isn’t right. Around 9 million people worldwide die from starvation each year, but  fucked our economies for a Chinese virus that won’t kill 1/9th of that. This is just one example. What the actual fuck is going on?
This tweet is about my dad . We lost a great one last night. Your words are so kind, thank you. Most importantly, please take this virus seriously and keep yourself and other safe.  …
Here is today's full statement from @DrZweliMkhize. #COVID19SouthAfrica #Covid_19. In addition to reporting the latest figures, the Health Minister also makes general observations about patients who have passed away as result of the virus and warns against attending funerals. 
On January 24 the Health Minister Hancock called the risk of the virus 'low'. The medical journal The Lancet warned of a deadly pandemic like 1918. #toryfailure
Today, my family hosted a virtual Aggie Ring Day for my cousin Katie! This virus cannot keep the Aggie spirit down. We overnighted her one of our rings and celebrated her huge  #GigEm #aggieringday 
#Trump’s Rapid Coronavirus Test Produces False Negatives It works if people have a high or moderate level of the virus If a person has a low level of the virus it doesn’t show up Those are the exact people who need to be testing and quarantined  …
My heart goes out to everyone losing family members to the virus this shit is not easy we can’t even pay our respects everyone passing has to be cremated and we can’t even go to church It’s insane But everyone is in my prayers
correct me if I'm wrong but if everyone starts going out again before the virus is under control, and the spread worsens and a lot of people die, wouldn't things be /worse/ than they are now?  …
A Beloved Bar Owner Was Skeptical About the Virus. Then He Took a Cruise. Joe Joyce oversaw JJ Bubbles, a  tavern in a conservative corner of Brooklyn, for 43 years until he died of Covid-19.  …
In 2015, obama/biden gave the Wuhan Lab a grant of $3.7 Million. Why? For what? So now we have the Wuhan virus! Was that planned by obama? 
Our Sunday @telegraph p1: Boris starts to take back control as he gives his first orders from Chequers and Downing St launches a shake-up; Lady Gaga; obesity and the virus; scandal of small firms still not being helped; why UK always thought a pandemic couldn’t be controlled 
POTUS opens with positive signs that virus is past its peak 
I'm getting so frustrated seeing people "protesting" the stay at home orders. IT. IS. A. DEADLY. VIRUS. WITH. NO. VACCINE. Staying home is our ONLY weapon right now! This guy is not an old man, and his LEG is being amputated because he contracted the virus. This is SERIOUS!!!
Nature is returning. We are the virus. 
Nature is healing. Look at this picture of the Liffey. We are the virus. 
Thanks NC and FL for opening up your beaches, so there can be a resurgence of this virus...assholes! smh
I'm not saying being rich makes having the virus less scary. I am laughing at someone who claims to be in an existential job crisis over having to listen to a "jackass loser fat tire biker... talk bullshit to me," which "matters more to me than making millions of dollars."  …
When we look back at 2020, we'll remember that a little virus changed the world. From doctors and nurses to technicians & maintenance employees, many are finding themselves learning to do long-familiar jobs in new ways as they battle #COVID19  
What I don’t get are the people there in masks. Like, they clearly believe the virus is real and are scared, but want to be scared longer?
Ohio might have the single best COVID study in the world going and not even know it. If a prisoner gets COVID the entire prison gets tested, even if the prisoner doesn’t have symptoms. Right now 1,441 prisoners have been confirmed to have the virus. 5 have died with COVID
The Chinese Communist Party has been actively trying to dictate how American Press outlets Described the Virus. Unfortunately our Media, @MSNBC @NBCNews @CBSNews @CNN @JoeNBC @NBCNews repeated much of their Propaganda. That’s how MUCH they hate the 
I thought they were saying the virus is a hoax.  …
Thinking of Nick and his family today. This virus is real you Trump supporting fools. Have fun on the beach in Florida.  …
Infecting each other with a potentially deadly virus to own the libs
Imagine putting yourself at risk for a deadly virus to shut down the road protesting the people you call snowflake because you have to stay home. This "own the libs" shit has gone far enough. I hope those who partook self isolate so nobody with a life worth living catches it!
Mo. Salah has donated "Thousands Of Tonnes" of Food to his hometown of Nagrig in Egypt to help families affected by the CORONA VIRUS pandemic, per Egypt independent .. Such a great step by Salah. Do good for others and it  back in unexpected ways #YNWA 
“the virus is not true” lmfaooooo
We’re putting $20 million toward Ontario-based #COVID19 research efforts to help develop a vaccine & other innovative breakthroughs to defeat the virus. Thank you to those donating ventilators and PPE to  #COVID19 & protect frontline workers. Here's today's 
Along with other forms of systemic inequality, environmental racism can cause many of the underlying conditions that make the virus particularly dangerous for black and  
How are you doing today. Here is how I am doing: Today was originally the day I was gonna get married, but then we had to cancel the wedding due to the virus lockdown, and then the city government shut down and now we can't even get a marriage license
HAPPENING NOW: Brave, flag-waving, #Wisconsin #GOP patriots liberating Americans from the God-awful safety of their homes!!! They are in the streets!!! They are hollering at cars!!! They are showing the virus who's boss!!! (They-are-the-stupidest-f*cking-assholes-on-earth.) 
This is the best & most accessible medical article I’ve read on how the new coronavirus attacks the body. 1,000 new papers are being published each week. The emerging picture is that this virus doesn’t just damage the lungs but can damage many other organs  …
Virus can’t stop me
As of Friday, Taiwan, with its population of around 24 million people, had detected only 395 cases of coronavirus and just six deaths. Its relative success battling the virus has allowed professional sports to be played, albeit with some adaptations. 
When #covid19 is behind us, we will continue to struggle with things that have been with us before and during the virus. When we build back our institutions, we have to build them back how we would have had we designed them right the first time.  …
Opponents of virus stay-at-home orders have held protests in several cities, in states led by Democratic and Republican governors. “Even if the virus were 10 times as dangerous as it is, I still wouldn’t stay inside my home," one protester said. 
N95 mask can stop a virus, but it can’t stop that smile 
This pos posts this while he and his network are doing everything they can to keep a proven treatment of hydroxychloroquine from those with this virus... solely to try to damage the President bc he touted it.. you Brian, are one of the lowest human beings walking this planet
Incase you missed it Bill Gates and Fauci took our tax dollars to China where the virus that is killing Americans was made. Now Gates wants to vaccinate us all
Every person in this video is effectively giving the middle finger to doctors and nurses who are sacrificing everything to try and get this virus under control 
Obama gave 3 million dollars to the lab in Wuhan that developed the virus. Says everything you need to know right there.
"Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives."  …
If you play Hulk Hogan's 'Real American' theme song at a certain volume  kills the virus. The media won't tell you this.
How one country set a course to totally eliminate the COVID-19 virus New Zealand adopted one of the strictest lockdowns in the world before a single death was reported, and has isolated infections to keep the disease from spreading out of control.  …
Trump told America the virus was a hoax and to ignore it. Here's what it cost: - we're the most infected & deadly country in the world - 30 million will be unemployed by the end of the month - millions will not be buying anything, paying their mortgage, or have food for months
Much could be said about this tweet, but note the way this puts “delivery” in the same category as Netflix and video games. Two automated systems, conflated with an “essential” business where human beings risk exposure to the virus to keep the wealthy   …
Ladies and gentlemen, the cure for Covid-19 is out! Thank you Kano for producing this wonderful nonsense. The entire nation is indeed grateful for your impact in fighting this virus. Please RT. So that people won't buy this rubbish. 
The corona virus death charts are people who died after being tested positive. Why is corona virus is killing people only after they are being tested?. Why is there no cases of untested people who died of corona virus?. Think about it
Sooooo…..the virus bill gives 25 million dollars to the Kennedy center....200million to PBS....in return the Kennedy center donates 5 million to the Democratic party and PBS donates 25 million to the Democratic party....this is flat out money laundering and "quid pro quo"
Trump is inciting Trump supporters to infect each other with the Trump Virus? Why would he do this?
If you violated stay-at-home or social distancing guidelines to attend a liberation rally, you should not be entitled to put healthcare workers at risk if you contract the virus. Stay home if you get sick. Besides, it won’t kill ya, right? Sorry, not sorry.
White House gives coronavirus updates as more protests cropped up this week over restrictions due to the virus.   …
Here’s a useful collection of data from @JWaldfogel showing that its mainly the virus that kills economic activity. Lockdowns affect a relatively smaller number of recalcitrant people.  …
The species of supposed Bat that carries the virus is not in Wuhan! Trump “we’re going to find out” how COVID-19 originated. RT if you agree! Please follow @Leighforusa1  …
Watching the news. Looks like Americans are pretending the virus doesn't exist, lol. Um. When can I move out of America?
Totally he signed budget with 2 billion dollar increase knowing we were 16 billion behind. Hes using the virus to try to get the Feds to pay for his budget shortfall
Save Becky from herself #VoteBlue2020 “They’re holding us hostage for no reason. The virus is not true. I mean, it’s true, but it’s not like a pandemic,” she said. “We think it’s New World Order trying to take over.” #TrumpLiesAmericansDie #OneVoice1  
right...its a consequence from the machine they used to keep him alive because he had a very bad case of the virus. i'm not quite sure what your point is?
554 have the virus in Hawaii and they’re shutting down the beaches? Wtah is going on?? I honestly hate these liberal politicians. It’s palpable! They sicken me! They say it’s to cut down on Tourists at the beaches. Really? #ThankGodImARepublican #KAG2020
Demanded prisoners to be freed from NY to Palestine yesterday with #SunsetParkPopularAssembly & @IWOC_NYC. Jails, prisons, detention facilities are also the virus & must be closed. #FreeThemAll 
A society is a collection of people - living, breathing humans. That's all it is. So when a society laments economic loss well above loss of human life, maybe it's already sick. Even without a virus.
If influenza was a new strain of virus that came along now, do you think we would have a similar reaction and go into lockdown on mass?
OMG what a rats' nest. That hair alone is probably spreading the virus...IMO both of them have HIGHLY SUSPECT personal hygiene... #MEGXIT  
NEW: Trump's trade policy under fire amid scramble for virus supplies  
Let see how smart you are,this are words we see everyday we see in the news now.. First 2 are done 1. Orovacrusin - Corona Virus 2. Hunaw - Wuhan 3. Mayhoest 4. Fasstaye 5. Danpmice 6. Knowdcol 7. Fecruw 8. Siovepit 9. Ongasidis 10. Kerbauto Solve the rest...
This virus is a thief. 6 days ago you were here busting my chops. Now you're gone. It's too much.
People who created charts and visuals that have been vital  the threat of the virus and encouraging people to social distance. Sometimes we don’t even know their names, just the instantly recognizable visuals they’ve produced. For example:   …
1. Kojo Oppong-Nkrumah: we're ahead of the virus because we're doing enhanced ... 2. Kojo Oppong-Nkrumah: citizens shouldn't take the reported confirmed cases as new infections because we have backlog. - me: Kojo Oppong-Nkrumah is magic. he can be ahead & behind at the same time.
Nancy Pelosi spends Californias tax dollars filling in Venice Skate Park with sand. Social distancing? The virus was a solution to a lot of Democrats plans! 
Here is where  in. He must be traced, tested, isolated and prosecuted. Also, government must identify & prosecute those trying to make brisk business from this pandemic through the sale of fake traditional “vaccine” and “cures” for the virus. 
Americans fighting for the freedom to get infected with a deadly and voracious virus is a real look isn't it
Daily Message 4/18/20 Seriously, so many of you are choosing your passion projects over working at this time. Not only is there a virus spreading at an uncontrollable rate, but you just don’t want to be doing anything that waste your time at this point. Truly.. official jobs
The government needs to rell us how more of the non virus work of the NHS will be done as we pass peak virus cases in hospital.
"Every time the government discovers that someone who had the virus has died, that person is registered as a COVID-19 death if it happened within 30 days of the diagnosis—even if the cause of death was cancer or a heart attack." The world has gone mad.  …
The Guardian via @inkl: Covid-19 – a blessing for pangolins? #Virus #China 
I understand your frustrations but there are millions of mom and pop restraunts feeling the same pain. What you are doing is reckless and is putting peoples lives in danger, this virus doesn’t care who you are. Maybe go work in a ICU and you might change your mind  …
The virus is why he’s sedated in the hospital & the measures that were taken to save his life from covid 19 lead to his present condition. Way to be empathetic
Yup. This "protest" horseshit started right when stories began to appear that the virus was  of color (as did the coordinated public calls from other proxies to "open the economy.")
Finding it aggravating, if not unsurprising from others accounts, that 21 days after onset of symptoms and 10 days after I started recovering, going up and down two flights of stairs still leaves me wiped out for five to ten minutes. fucking virus
For all the libs...we all have the Wuhan Virus in SC. Please stay away from SC. You will die of the Wuhan Virus. Don’t visit and please god don’t move here. And if you currently live here go back up north. Hurry!!!!
If 10 people have the virus in this crowd... they all have the virus in the crowd. Stay in F@ckin’ Texas.  …
But these are just that: theories. There's so much we don't know about how this virus works and impacts our bodies. (9/10) 
Some theories also speculate there could be a link between viral load and disease severity, suggesting that more or prolonged exposure to the virus may lead to worse  (8/10)
Another key place to look: how our immune systems respond to the virus. Even in young, healthy people, an overreactive immune response -- a "cytokine storm" -- could lead to massive inflammation and multi-organ failure. (7/10) 
One example: Dr. Philip Murphy told Science Magazine that variations in a gene known as ACE2 -- which yields an enzyme that attaches to cells in the lung -- could make it easier or harder for the virus to get into cells. (6/10)  …
There will always be outliers, sure, but could there be something happening biologically that makes some people more susceptible to the virus? (2/10) 
Donald Called the virus a "hoax" on February 28, 2020. "Now, the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus… this is their new hoax." 4/18/20: U.S. hits 723,729 confirmed cases. COVID Deaths 37,841   …
If that's what you thought before the virus shut us down what changed 
You'll know this virus is finally  contained when you see Dr. Fauci on Dancing With The Stars. 
President Trump should stop playing nice with Democrats. They Hate America and will do nothing to help. There's no reason to put these Lunatics on the Virus recovery panels, so they can take credit when We Win & bash US daily so we fail. Republicans can get America working again!
We’ve all seen the “Boris is lazy and selfish” briefings before, most notably in 2016 during & after the debacle that led to Theresa May  PM. Tho, making these claims in relation to a deadly virus the PM is himself removing for is extraordinary.  
But that isn't a direct result from the virus... Everything that happens to people right now is being attributed to the virus...
All of the modeling that has been so encouraging for SC concerning COVID-19 is dependent on things staying shut down until June 1. What McMaster is doing is endangering lives. If the virus spikes here and the death numbers surge, it's 100% Henry McMaster's fault. Hard stop.
Chinese Virus  …
Now I see why Fauci deflected the COVID question about it being sourced from a lab. I now question whether the director of the Virology lab applied #GainOfFunction sequences to the horeshoe bat virus. Her specialty is manipulating viral RNA w/ #GOF to make it 
In just 22 days of sheltering in place, California has saved one billion dollars in auto accident costs. I want to live in this new world instead of the one we had. Except the virus part.  …
That's really sad to see. At this point, I say let's open up businesses again and those who are vulnerable to COVID-19 (over 60+++) stay at home. The cure is worse than the virus now and hurting people economically AND psychologically.
Great time for in-service bias training! Apparently the last round didn't work. Let's put all the cops in a room again for the magical unproven answer to everything that ails policing! Might even cure the virus! Side effects include avoiding real problems, eye rolling, cynicism.  …
Prof June Almeida discovered the 1st human coronavirus at the Ontario Cancer Institute in Toronto in 1963. She passed in 2007 & is finally getting the recognition she deserves as a pioneer whose work speeded up understanding of the virus.  
This thread is pretty damning of mentality at heart of govt. We know this is a new virus, everyone's learning, it's unprecedented. However, a little humility & actually listening to experts (not just saying so) + acknowledging when they've got things wrong, would go a long way.  …
TOM TRENTO INTERVIEWS WUHAN VIRUS SURVIVOR, DR. JANE RUBY...AND IS SHE MAD AT VIRGINIA! -  
peter, in all seriousness, if you don't think that the most important part of this story is spreading the virus, then go out and cover them yourself in person. (just pls quarantine upon return)
Listen, @christufton @AndrewHolnessJM people need help in these streets... Supermarkets, pharmacies, moneygrams are essential everyday for many. How we are executing this lockdown creates the perfect conditions for crowds like this...and THIS is what the virus wants to spread. 
Earth was moving well, people went about their daily businesses till one day, a virus struck earth and affected people’s live. It made the world’s major news headlines. A story that will forever be told.
Trying to understand the logic of someone who wakes up and thinks, “I better get out there and protest that damn governor for not letting me infect other citizens with a malicious virus. Ooh, almost forgot my hunting rifle.”
US sent millions of masks to China in early 2020 despite virus threat  …
White people really need a natural predator. And I don’t mean some virus. I mean they need something visually tangible that really makes them question their privilege and safety. That’s the only way they stop doing dumb shit.
Exactly! 32% of women in our country have experienced domestic violence or sexual attack. Nobody cares. Yet, we found ourselves in lockdown and with closed borders and economy problems because the decision of our government regarding virus not so deadly as DV. How ironic...
No thanks to you, fuckbreath!! No more soup for you!! Open up New York or get ready to feel hot revenge the likes you've never seen!! Don't say you weren't warned. We've had ENOUGH! New York reports lowest virus death toll in two weeks  …
Motherfuckers are out here taking the side of the virus and calling it liberty. Sad, sad story.
"hey Cuffy, your biz got firebombed by the virus & you were lucky enough to get 1st round PPP to stay alive, why do you stay anon on Twitter?"  …
The world gets to see how dangerous socialism is. The heavy hand of an unsympathetic gvmnt, and how quickly freedom is destroyed by a few self ordained elites who don't have a clue! This virus is far less destructive than our political leaders. Fear, and greed are the culprits.
ICYMI: Bill Maher took on politically correct liberals who refuse to blame China for causing the outbreak of the coronavirus, while calling anyone racist for referring to the outbreak as the "Chinese" or "Wuhan" virus. 
Me:Alidu, giving the world a cure to the virus n giving you a hit song which one do you prefer? Alidu: forget the cure pls give me a hit song. True story ooo you can ask him n see
I will mourn the deaths of those who wanted to survive this virus. But I will not shed one tear for those who willfully, and with malice aforethought, killed them. I will not show them one fucking drop of mercy or grace. Not one drop.
Trumps Propaganda Machine, Fox News Is Blaming WHO Too For Trumps February Inaction & Golfing Army Told Trump Feb 3, The Virus Could Take 150,000 US Lives Plus It Was All Over TV Who Will Trump Blame When He Opens The Economy & Spreads The Virus More? 
Steuart Walton knows Arkansas and he’ll work hard to ensure our state recovers from the China Virus pandemic.  …
i miss going out in public and eating at restaurants. i miss going shopping. & having fun. i pray this virus goes away soon.
NCDC Should actually use this as a sensitizaton campaign on what not to do to spread the virus. Too bad #COVID #StaySafe #abbakyari Bashir #funkeakindelebello Abba Kyari #KemiOlunloyo 
Instablog posted this clip today now that #abbakyari has died as evidence Sule predicted it. The same Sule that was sharing conspiracy theories abt the virus. You see the guys do alot of open ended preachings so any situation at present will fit in. 
Earlier this week @SecPompeo: “we’re not out of the woods until this virus goes away. If somebody’s got it in Africa or Asia or someplace else, it  back to our country too” - which is why next supplemental must include $for @StateDept @USAID @CDCgov @gavi and others
It may soon be illegal to say this in Canada: I think the pandemic  bullshit. I think the virus is real, but not as serious as they claim. I think they are lying about the death rate. I think the gov and media are inducing fear in order to push a nefarious agenda.
“ ‘God Created the Virus. But Now He Has Lost Control.’ Pakistan’s largest missionary organization, Tablighi Jamaat, went ahead anyway with its annual gathering in early April, bringing together more than 100,000 people near Lahore” via ⁦  …
Biden 2020: I will bomb the shit out of that virus.  …
Ten Chinese patients with severe cases of covid-19 were given transfusions of blood from those who have beaten the disease. After three days, the patients seemed to do much better. In several of the patients the virus cleared up entirely. 
Republicans do not care if people die. Their plan is to let this virus run through the population. That’s why there’s been no Marshall Plan to get us all tested.
Hopefully we  this virus soon, not only as a country but as a continent as well.
This the scariest thing about the virus. Sad!  …
I think preepin to send back to Russia as virus help/aide
“The president is stoking anti-Asian sentiment by blaming China for the virus, and it’s encouraging a climate of hate crimes, a climate of suspicion and fear.” - Our @amarHoboken in 
Countdown to the announcement that Alex Jones has the virus...in 10, 9, 8...
WHO: No evidence coronavirus survivors have immunity against virus 
I agree with @jackposobiec on the corona virus.
please for the love of god everyone talk to your boomer relatives and make sure they understand that this virus isnt  lizard agenda trying to steal their freedom or whatever. dont let your grandma die for the stonks.  …
One month into quarantine and my father has finally returned after going out to buy a pack of cigarettes almost 30 years ago. Nature is healing. We are the virus
The virus is spread by exhalations from the lungs. And these people are in close proximity, without masks, SHOUTING "Fire Fauci."  …
37,000 people dead of a virus Trump dared to call Democrats propaganda? THIRTY-SEVEN THOUSAND.
Matt – Hancock’s half hour – Hancock is asking frontline workers to wave a magic wand and not contract the virus. Dereliction of duty. In years past the Secretary of State would have  to resign by Parliament.
Donald Trump must treat the virus like terrorism
Since the pandemic started Genovia has yet to record any corona virus cases. Aanjad the nations being lead by women are excelling. 
All these places that are afraid to stay closed because of summer tourist dollars are going to find themselves closed for a lot longer in the middle of the tourist season with the virus raging until Christmas holidays. Mistake.
I don’t believe Trump won MI the first time. Detroit voted over 90% Clinton. Half of the voting machines (87) were broken. Tens of thousands of uncounted ballots in a state Trump won by about 10,000. The demographics of this Virus are deeply concerning.  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: Confirmed #coronavirus cases in the U.S. tops 700,000 Trump says governors are "responsible" for testing Paycheck Protection Program billions went to  and missed virus hot spots  …
U didn't get it actually Virus doesn't see Religion, I agree But Religion sees the virus, uses it to conduct an attack on this great nation & God like Doctors, nurses, health care workers & security forces!! If we can't take name of those people, Secularism ki batti bana lo!!
”God Created the Virus. But Now He Has Lost Control.’” Novelist @MohammedHanif says, #Pakistan’s government is dithering in the face of the epidemic because it’s not sure what to fear the most--the pandemic or the priests.  …
Trump: A Democratic hoax! Virus: Trump: It’s under control! Virus: Trump: Deaths are going to zero! Virus: Trump: ... Virus:
⁦ @DanLThorpe⁩ giving praise to our council workers, talking about the strain that C19 has put on local councils, and acknowledging today’s funding for local councils in recognition of the work they’re doing  the virus. ⁦ 
It looks like we might be able to detect live virus now roughly in the time it takes to isolate RNA and run the PCR.
These guys spread the virus more than anyone. People believed them...went out....insulted others....got infected....and some likely died. 
By late January, the seriousness of the virus was clear, as was the fact it was going to imminently arrive on British shores. 
My wife's little step brother is 31 and was in great health before contracting the virus. It's now over a month since recovering and he is too weak to drive a car and needs an inhaler to breathe. So, he "recovered" but didn't recover. Now, thinking it might be 20 years of this.
Trump asserted that he had "very great" approval numbers for his administration's response to the coronavirus pandemic. Fast forward to today's numbers, and 37,309 people have died from the virus in America, and 711,197 have been diagnosed. This is a far cry from "great." 
Deaths are a lagging indictor because people are still being exposed to the virus. (See Florida, MI, MN, and WI where you're trying to 'liberate' voters from the right to breathe.) 
I was in line today surrounded by people in masks and gloves except for one old dude in a Vietnam Vet hat. We talked and he told me how he flew helicopters in Vietnam. Told me he’d rather die from a virus than let something make him fear for his life. A different breed!
Sorry, but holding mass public gatherings while the virus is peaking is not how you end the shutdown. It's how you prolong it. Most states are only a few weeks away from being able to start opening anyway.
Just off FaceTiming my boyf and I can’t cope with how sick he is, he’s in bits, never heard a cough like it This virus is no joke folks, you do not wanna get this or indeed pass it onpls continue to stay in except for ur wee walks etc and doing your shopping
After recovering from COVID-19, President Bacow and his wife Adele donated blood to help research efforts  the virus. 
Some legon girls share herpes virus. The boys who like bj let’s be guided.
No Corona virus formed against you and your family shall s prosper #BLACKCOFFEE #GlobalCitizen 
London Sunday Times investigation shows how Boris Johnson was AWOL in early stages of virus.  …
Now They Want You To Get Rid of Your Balls #BillGates agenda: Feminization and sterilization of all men. "Do testicles make men more vulnerable to coronavirus? Study suggests testes harbour Covid-19 giving virus sanctuary from immune system"  …
The CCP approves this message After all, they are still blaming America for the CCP Virus #CCPViurs #COVID #CCPLiedPeopleDied #CCPChina #CCPVirus_Coronavirus
Trump is leading the charge as the virus is being wiped out coast to coast and America is beginning to return to greatness. What have you done, you halfwit malcontent? NOTHING.
Not only has Pres Trump cut off funding for the World Health Org in the midst of a pandemic that has infected millions worldwide, he has cut off funding for the Pan–American Health Org  the virus in THIS hemisphere. It’s a dangerous political action.
The virus can be kept in check, but only with expanded resources.  
The cruise industry added significantly to the virus outbreak in its early days, costing passengers their lives, & torturing ill people by keeping them confined to their cabins for weeks at a time. This isn’t the Love Boat— it’s a floating Petri dish.  …
Mike Pompeo Demands Investigation of Wuhan Virus Lab 
"He was an immigrant and a father. He drove a yellow cab to get his kids the best education our country can offer." Beautiful piece from @JohnAvlon on Mohammed Jafor, a New York taxi driver and Harvard dad who died from the virus.  …
This is @piersmorgan. Piers sits in front of a camera for 10 hours a week and tells the country's top scientists, medical advisers and the Government that they have killed thousands and are not working hard enough to stop the virus. Piers really is a sanctimonious arsehole. 
The Times: "Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives." Boris Johnson: "Let them eat cake." #WhereIsBoris 
There once was a mushroom who tried To take a bad virus in stride. He lied to the people Said it was no big deal Till he caught it himself and he died.
So true, with over 28 people dead in Orange County, CA, @GavinNewsom has had to start burying the bodies of deceased Corona Virus victims on Catalina Island. But  …
New scientific study: ' #Sunlight destroys virus QUICKLY' 'the coronavirus does NOT survive long in high temperatures and high humidity, and is quickly destroyed by sunlight' So #StayatHome should be  …
My friend @anicknack was healthy enough to fight the virus, but he still died. This sickness doesn’t care how well you are at the start, and it can overwhelm anyone’s immune system. These are simple, devastating facts of the current pandemic.  …
Yes yes yes. My friend had all the symptoms of Covid-19 she went to ER they said right now protocol was the can’t test her for Covid 19 sent her home with all the meds used for the virus This is in Kentucky.Central ,around LouisvilleNOT a small town. How many have it ?not tested
Johnson didn't know for sure if this virus was going to turn into a pandemic that would kill 1000s of brits, it was just a possibility at that stage, so it's okay for him to just not bother showing up to meetings about it? Think about what you're saying!
Do you believe the reason for the world lockdown is to save us from a virus?
Ontario just put out a very short fuse call for proposals for COVID-19 related research funding. $20m available for projects in any medical research area, such as virus characterization, diagnostics, vaccines, modeling (AI). Let them hear your best ideas by APRIL 24 - go for it!  …
A reminder about how deadly this thing  to other Virus epidemics we have gone through. The long tail on Covid is a nightmare. 
When exactly we restart the city depends on each & every one of us. We are not there yet. We are very much still waging war against this virus. Lives are still at risk & we cannot take our foot off the gas when  to all our collective efforts to stop the spread of #COVID19
Contracting a lethal virus to own the libs is some next level genius.  …
I’ve seen a lot of people driving around with masks on in their own cars. I mean, I’ve been very cautious, but are they scared of catching the virus from themselves or something?
I'm told the Uzalo, the SABC series, is now regarded as essential services and filming is to restart. If it's true is this virus as bad as is being made out. Cooked food is banned but producing a soap opera is encouraged???
My dad was hospitalized for a week with CoVID19 - he’s been out for nearly 2 weeks now, and is clear of the virus, as is my mom (who was never hospitalized but very, very ill). My parents are young: 65 and 66. They were in grave danger and these people will be, too.  …
#COVID19 : 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives  …
Most working on serology are hesitant for "immunity passports" as antibodies alone don't = immune. Neutralization assays on virus itself, challenge studies are gold standard. This is why #basicscience research is important & to think past primary endpoints of serosurveys.
Yelling and cheering. Do they know how many droplets that produces? Why do you think 45 out of 60 choir members got the virus in WA? Singing projects them too.
Mike Pompeo Demands Investigation of Wuhan Virus Lab 
From Marcos: "Protesters in cars heading to Congress in Brasilia, against lockdown and supporting Bolsonaro. Brazilians know that the virus is a disguise for implementation of Communism. Protests also in Sao Paulo and Rio."  …
Look at this nonsense happening in Atlanta during a pandemic . The failure of our country to return back to normal in a timely manner will fall squarely on the Trump administration & Fox & OANN messaging. They are literally placing everyone in danger and prolonging this virus.  …
Do these morons that are protesting even understand that they can’t shoot the virus?
Still can’t wrap my head around the idea that when America got punched by a deadly virus, the president of the United States decided protecting us from it was not in his job description.
Karen wants to speak to the virus’ manager. And wants a cotton candy crackle. 
Bill Gates created  virus. Bill Gates created an antivirus program for  virus. Bill Gates then accumulated an abundance of wealth and power because of the virus. He's basically doing the same thing again only this time with humans.
Kudos to NPR for factual reporting of Korean authorities statements. Same to the Koreans methodical response to the Corona Virus as opposed to Trump and republicans FUBARing the hell out of it.
The improperly discarded PPE has being picked up and the area is being sanitized. But still the said #covidiot should be brought in for quarantine If that PPE had picked any virus, his bare hands would most definitely  in Contact with it whille de-robbing 
Queen Elizabeth foregoes birthday gun salute over virus The queen, who turns 94 on Tuesday, made a rare national address at Easter, saying that "we know that coronavirus will not  us" and that "we will meet again" after the lockdown  | 
#BuildTheWall While the virus plays havoc with citizens, this moron, I mean, Muslim, was let loose to play Jihadist after being arrested for hate crimes. I guess stay at home rules only apply to Christians. #StopTheShutdown  …
Didn't the WHO say earlier that same week that the virus wasn't transmissible between humans? This Sunday Times headline is nothing short of a disgrace.
If you're telling the story of this virus and it's impact geographically, don't get fooled by absolute numbers. Look at the PROPORTION of cases/deaths/hospitalizations. Ideally do it at the county level. You'll paint a more true picture we can use to fight back more effectively
. @nytimes: The virus has killed more than 1,800 Americans almost every day since April 7, and the official toll may be an undercount.  heart disease typically kills 1,774 Americans a day, and cancer kills 1,641."  …
Obama FUNDED Wuhan Lab CREATED Covid-19 Do you think that the Virus came from the Wuhan Lab funded by Obama? For Full Episode, Listen here  
You did nothing! You spread lies! We snapped you on video's telling people to go about normal lives, when you knew their was a virus! You are responsible for thousands of deaths! You should be in prison, & stop releasing prisoners! Not a leader! Shame 
“If vaccines are the only answer to the Chinese virus, then how did China beat it without a vaccine?” This is a brilliant question. Can some ask @JustinTrudeau and @fordnation for me? Neither of them is taking my calls.  …
In other news. I've just realised I would have been doing a show in Glasgow tonight if this dreadful virus hadn't happened. Never mind, all the shows have been postponed and I will make sure they are better for it :)
Ya know what kills more people than a virus? P.O.V.E.R.T.Y.
LISBON RECOVERS... ~ Popular Spanish actress and movie star, Itziar Ituno who plays Lisbon (Raquel Murillo) in Television series Money Heist (La Casa De Papel) recovers from Corona virus. 
Trump had been briefed repedly about the deadly  to the US. But he shipped millions of masks and PPE to China in January and February. (so he knew about the virus) Then blamed Obama for not enough masks and the WHO for not telling him.  …
The government narrative is so embedded in the press that it’s almost like “mind control.” There is only”one way” to think about this virus and if you think in “another way” you are a denier. Just like Climate Change. Sorry, I don’t buy it.
DP World Company of UAE has transferred to Berbera City Mayor and Sahil region Governor of the Republic of Somaliland, biggest medical-aid as prevention masks & hand gloves, incl. oxygen machines and medicines for high fever and divers painkillers against Corona virus (COVID-19) 
19/ This is just a thought exercise. COVID-19 *is* mutating, but some researchers think it mutates more slowly than the flu virus and might not be a problem at all. But that's not really the point.  …
18/ And it turns out, the mutated virus doesn't just affect old people and sick people and poor people. It affects *everyone*. So, that young person dies just as fast as his grandmother and his professor and anyone else he came into contact with.
Delays: CDC took >month to remove faulty N3 primer from kit Faulty protocol (Feb 4) Revision 1 (Mar 15) Removal of N3 primer Revision 2 (Mar 30) Testing failures inhibited #COVID19 surveillance before virus was widely established in US   …
17/ But now, the virus has mutated into something much more deadly. They go to their grandma's birthday party at her nursing home. They go to college and talk with their professor with a heart condition. Within days, that young traveler doesn't feel so great.
Is this  of Federal govt or a well conspiracy against Sindh? Punjab govt released 10 people of Tablighi jamat said, they are negative of Covid19 But Six people were confirmed with the Corona virus after testing by the Sukkur administration #StopPettyPolitics 
Face masks are the new condoms. Make them bright and attractive and have celebrities promote them, one virus researcher says. 
Man, if only sunlight could kill the virus in these outdoor parks...  …
Very important message by the Global Citizen #TogetherAtHome Spread the message, not the virus. 
To better understand the spread of the virus, The L.A. Times is conducting an independent, continual survey of dozens of local health agencies across the state. So far today, four of the 56 agencies we’re monitoring have reported new numbers.  …
Congratulations to the @usairforce Academy class of 2020 that graduated today in Colorado Springs! This year the ceremony was modified to prevent the spread of COVID19 virus. Aim High! 
'Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives.' 
The #Coronavirus pandemic is a lot like the Penn State scandal. Newsom shutting down CA is like PSU trustees firing Paterno. Instantly incentivized governor & media to make virus (Sandusky) as bad as possible, otherwise economy (Paterno) destroyed for nothing! cc: @Zigmanfreud
"The virus will only disappear if we achieve collective/herd immunity... but stay inside until the virus disappears because we have no immunity." My father sends me the "Official Coronavirus Guidelines". Here are some. Confusion in the hinterlands ~~ 
1127 positive cases 44 total confirmed deaths My tribe has lost more to corona virus than 13 other states, let that sink in. The go fund me for my tribe is located below. There is also an info graphic on how to donate face masks to my tribes & other local southwest tribes.  …
What virus this gone be?  …
Corona Virus cases moved from 2783 to 3034 an increase of 251...the biggest number since we went on Lockdown. Am scared to what will happen to our beautiful Country this virus is deadly. #COVID19SouthAfrica 
My take on these protests is that they’re a great environment in which to spread the virus and a big risk for Trump electorally is that in encouraging this, he might lose because too many in his base have popped their clogs as a result of participating in things like this by Nov.
… & as global cooperation has been lacking in the face of Covid-19, I’ll talk w/ fmr US Sec. of State @madeleine about the need to work together to defeat the virus
Corona virus lockdown rulesm 
“You may not care about the folks who are incarcerated, but the simple truth is that the virus doesn’t care which side of the prison walls you happen to be on. The more people it spreads to the more people are in danger. Period. Full stop.” 
i don't want to infect anyone with an unpredictable respiratory virus nor suffer an economic collapse but i gotta tell you: this is a defining moment in history and anyone who thinks shit is returning to normal any time soon are useless.
@BorisJohnson Brexiteers...I know Boris is recuperating...but, I for one miss him greatly. We need him to kick Brussels arse and see us through the Virus.
We need a report of how many of these people leave this protest with the virus, pls.  …
Weird walk earlier including deserted West End and Piccadilly Circus replete with covid advertising but the strangest bit was probably happening upon this closed down virus-themed locked room game 
Certain politicians are living up their leftist fantasies due to the virus smh  …
You’re both right. Yes, PoC & First Nations are disproportionately impoverished due to racist federal policy & history. The impoverished are disproportionately affected by the virus due to their economic conditions. Class systems are the instrument of oppression in both.
The Branch Covidians are gonna go out in virus-induced blaze of glory.
Boris Johnson skipped 5 Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives Even the Murdoch press has had enough of this homicidal clown.  …
They will also infect bus drivers, cops, grocery clerks, their children, churches, etc. Statistically, they WIIL increase the virus in their city. It’s willful spreading of a deadly disease. They should all be arrested, charged, and quarantined.
The Fight against the corona virus 
There's this virus thing going round. Quite nasty, I'd heard. Apparently if you end up hospitalised, it can take weeks to recover, even if you're the Prime Minister. But maybe, rather than resting and recovering, he should go back to work early against medical advice because...
KZN has the most fatalities. 21. Most of which from one hospital (St Augustines?). Earlier the minister said he is worried about people getting the virus at hospitals and then dying because of co-morbidities.
Chinese lab denying it is the source of #CoronavirusOutbreak. OK but: What are the odds a lab doing bat/virus research-operating in a manner US scientists found alarmingly shoddy-located just 2 miles from outbreak-was blameless & uninvolved? 1,000,000 to 1? Grant Lab Access Now
intentionally contracting a potentially lethal virus at a cheesecake factory to own the libs
I mostly blame this over the top, hysterical virus reaction on men. Women and children have a certain nature that lends them to be fearful. But to see grown men acting this way, and brag about it publicly, is an utter inditement as to how weak our society has   …
Fighting  enemy, whether Nazis or a virus, reveals the need for government intervention and the inadequacy of market forces.  …
Spice has 2.1m Instagram followers which means she has a very wide reach. Also as an entertainer many people in the population look up to her and will take the virus more seriously should she help with the campaign.
This thing is another virus 
"In late November word had already gotten out that there was a virus in Wuhan," she said. "Six weeks later on January 15, the U.S. trade deal was signed with an out-clause that the Chinese made sure was in there."  …
Prayers to my family my uncle just passed ... I cannot stress this enough stay in the house and wash your hands ! Even though things are opening back up be smart this virus is not sparing anyone
Why does America think "refuse to be terrorized" does anything about threats that are not terrorism The virus does not care how unafraid you are You cannot bluster your way out of this one and, if anything, the case of terrorism is a unique one in this respect
I'd rather die of Chinese Corona Virus than watch my country  a third world socialist sh*t hole !
How many of them will be sick in two weeks? How many of them will have then unwittingly gotten other people sick after exposing themselves to this virus bc they insisted on going to these protests?  …
just heading down to the pro-virus rally to support my candidate in the fight, the virus 
2 observations. 1st.....Don’t they know that yelling and projecting like that spreads the virus further? 2nd....did you hear that cough at the very end?  …
Them: Close your kids' schools. Start homeschooling. Close all your businesses. Lose your jobs. Close all your parks and beaches. Us: ...and the mass transit system in your city that is mass spreading the virus...? Them: Oh, no. We're keeping that motherfucker open.
A man in the parking lot just said to me “damn let me give you corona virus” and that’s why we all need to stay inside.
Dr. Henry says the virus is still circulating  "We are not at the point where we can start opening up now." The number of new cases per day needs to go down to zero, she says. "That's the first marker we need to be watching for."
Humbled Greeks show the world how to handle the virus outbreak 
It’s time to re-open a large part of the country. Studies are showing far more people have had the virus than we knew originally. The mortality rate is far lower than we knew too. China must pay for concealing the truth about the virus, destroying countless lives and our economy.
The virus won't have time to destroy humanity.... Idiots will do it first. ( cc: @gtconway3d  …
This is one of the Wink Warrior setup for him to play Poker on WINK gaming each day. He is from the west coast of the USA and under shelter in place now. Keeping himself entertain and busy during this Corona Virus stay at home rule. @WINkorg- the #1 DApp for gaming on 
Fine. Let him kiss and hug the protesters. Then let's quarantine him, see how it takes before he has the virus. Is he in a risk category? He won't know until he catches it and get hospitalized. It won't much fun when he has to be intubated will it?
Boris Johnson, the unquestionable god of little englanders, missed 5 Virus Cobra meetings and sleepwalked us into pandemic hell... 
king in the times of a virus and quarantine. listen to him 
To make it worse, the National President of Resident Doctors in Nigeria said attending a funeral does not lead to the spread of the virus as the virus can not survive in or on a deceased. I don’t blame him, na “Nma Madu “ cause am
The saddest thing about those protesting stay-at-home orders is that none of us should even need an order to stay at home now; all decent people who value life should WANT to stay at home to protect everyone from this deadly virus. It’s inherently human to help each other.  …
Azithromycin is an antibiotic which will have no effect on Covid-19, which is a virus. That much zinc sulfate can cause stomach and kidney damage. That much vitamin C will give you diarrhoea. This is quackery.
Stamp each “reopen” protester’s hand so healthcare workers can choose not to treat them when they invariably contract the virus.
all these dumb ppl protesting for the ability to go back to work like the virus gives a shit. go ahead back to work, natural selection might just help us out here lmao
Friends of Twitter, I have tested positive for COVID-19. I appear to by asymptomatic. I have spoken to my doctor & I am currently waiting for further instructions. I am in good spirits, & will continue to remain in good spirits until I fight off this virus.
Black people peacefully protest one of the 1000 injustices that happened to us are called “unamerican”, told to “respect the rules and authority” and stop making everything about race. White people told to stay at home not because of an injustice but to stop a deadly virus... 
Despite the more than 1000 papers now spilling into journals and onto preprint servers every week, a clear picture is elusive, as the virus acts like no microbe humanity has ever seen.
goalies are returning to their natural habitat. nature is healing. sports are the virus.  …
22 million people are now dependent on the Govt. 22M who had no other recourse but this route. Now imagine the numbers of people who can’t file or just won’t file because they know it won’t help. Do you know the mindset of those who would risk catching the virus so to provide
Nothing supersedes the political project. Everything from dismissing the virus at the start, the lack of testing, the demographics that are dying the most, and now these idiots protesting, is all part of the idea that it's fine that some people die for the wealth of others.
It’s hard to smile nowadays but let’s do it anyway. Stay virus free. 
i am trying so hard not to be cynical about this whole concept, but something about matthew mcconaughey saying "this virus doesn't discriminate against class, we're all equally affected" doesnt sit right with me......
Why don't you do some REAL journalism and find out where this virus came from. WHO's hiding behind it? What's the end game? You know, OBJECTIVE news, as opposed to emotionalism. Some deep TRUTH might do you good for a change of superficial pace.
Ooof. Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster Johnson skipped 5 Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives  …
This needs to be out there with all the othersNew and Emerging Respiratory Virus Threats Advisory Group -   …
China is retooling now, but it may be able to refocus Belt & Road around its most important export: the ability to turn virus-stricken red zones into green zones. If China can surmount its quality issues with tests and masks, that's how it gets boots on the ground everywhere.
Yesterday was my first day back at work post covid. I have spent most of today asleep and I still feel exhausted. I am a fit and healthy 35 year old - do not underestimate what this virus does even in mild cases like mine.
Maybe when people say “we are the virus” they mean white people in which case absolutely 
I'm more scared of an America where public funds are used to harass skateboarders, surfers and churchgoers than I am of a virus with a 99% survival rate.
Here’s part of a song my teacher gave me a year ago. I’ve struggled with the button side all that time. We play it as a duet and I’d mess it up every time! But I finally got it this week! We can’t meet bc of the virus but I’ll send her this video. 
. @RobertJenrick improved guidance on funerals is very  It is heartbreaking that the virus has been robbing families of the opportunity to say goodbye to their loved ones. Our view @mariecurieuk here  …
#Covid_19 numbers keep increasing drastically. I think we should prepare for another extention on the lockdown period. Also can we listen and follow all the guidelines in place to stop the spread of this virus. Please!
Concise from Dr. Bonnie Henry on why herd immunity doesn't work: "When you have lots of people  ill with this type of virus, even young healthy people will  sick, will need hospitalization, will need ICU care, and some of them will die. It's not an effective way."
If each person over age 16 gets $2k per month, and $500 per month for kids, a family of 5 with one 16-year old kid will get $7,500 per month. With no rent or payroll taxes to pay, they will be far better off than before the virus. What politician will ever vote to take that away?
#WHO knew about #COVID19 death in NE #Syria for 11 days before telling the Autonomous Administration of NE Syria? But the Assad regime knew? WHO should be helping all governments to stop the spread of this deadly virus - including Taiwan, NE Syria...  …
TNA writer Alex Newman lays out JBS thinking on the virus - the Deep State is using it to implement their nefarious agenda. I have repeatedly characterised Shea and his circle as neo-Birchers. This is what is driving their protests. 
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus fatalities by 50%, confirming that Beijing suppressed data to push narrative of defeat against virus. Why is China on a U.N. panel that will play a central role in choosing the U.N. monitor on the right to health?  …
As a clearer picture emerges of COVID-19’s decidedly deadly toll on black Americans, leaders are demanding a reckoning of the systemic policies they say have made many African Americans far more vulnerable to the virus. 
Howdy softball family ! well as it turns out I have tested positive for the virus, but don’t worry! I’m going to be just fine I’m sure if it this is my job and with  risks I’m willing to endure I look forward  back stronger than ever!
Im taking a year off my age because of corona virus
Rosa Parks was not protesting the right to endanger other lives by exposing them to a virus. She was tired of giving in to a system that treated her as a second-class citizen her whole life. The Montgomery bus boycott was 381 days of unity. A month of quarantine does 
I don’t understand this Ogun state lockdown does corona virus has a free period that it doesn’t spread?. Having break during this lockdown is a very shallow decision made by the State Govt. The govt isn’t even ready, so during free period corona virus will be on holiday.
The state and central governments have very difficult choices to make. Either people get infected & die of the virus if there is no lockdown or people die of hunger if the lockdown continues? Containing a pandemic has given rise to a humanitarian crisis. What can governments do?
MAYOR DEBLASIO & DOH DONT CARE ABOUT VIRUS ALL THEY CARE ABOUT WHO THEY ARE GOING TO SAVAGELY BUTCHER AT NYCACC EUTH COMMAND JUST GIVEN FOR SKY 81115 BROOKLYN ACC THEY KILLED HER BROTHER THOR NOW ITS HER TURN FOSTER ADOPTER RESCUE NEEDED IMMEDIATELY TO SAVE HER SKY, ID#81115
As Asia relaxed containment, they saw a resurgence of cases. And what’s especially troubling is that most of the new infections have origins that have been difficult to trace. It’s not the outlook the world hoped for in our quest to contain this virus.  …
A Wash. Post review of economic data and internal government documents has found.U.S. sent millions of face masks to China in January & February. Still want us to believe Trump was taking the virus seriously? #FailureInLeadership #wtpTEAM  …
I have no doubt that when the inevitable news breaks that Scheer's in self-quarantine, he'll be quick to blame the feds for not taking proper precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus.  …
VERY DISTURBING Los Angeles fills Venice Skate Park with sand amid China virus pandemic. What a waste! So who’s going to get the sand out once the China virus is over? I think this is a move from the city to build something else on top of it later. 
People not only don't get the virus on the beach, but with studies confirming sun is your friend in killing the virus, you're safer on beach than locked in a house. People yelling about Florida beaches need to read transmission studies. Outdoor spread still largely unheard of.
I live in Florida & am not one of the #FloridaMorons that are flocking to the beaches.. I have family that are nurses and have told me this is a real dangerous virus and to practice safe social distancing still. In the same day we set record new cases we open beaches? 
China PERSONALLY informed Johnson and other leaders the seriousness of the virus on its way. Over the last 6 years @Conservatives cutbacks led to a 40% reduction in PPE and other stocks. Operation Cygnus in 2016 warned lack of PPE etc, @BorisJohnson has screwed up BIG TIME!
Lab scientist Alicia Bui tests the blood of patients who have recovered, looking for antibodies that prove exposure and may confer immunity to the virus. These serology tests will be an important part of getting high-risk employees safely back to work. (Karen Ducey/Getty) 
DEEP DIVE: The fog of the coronavirus — The biggest obstacle to reopening the economy is a lack of visibility. We don't know: • How many people have had the virus • How many jobs have been lost • When we'll have a treatment  …
MoveOn: An American dies every 90 seconds from the coronavirus. The virus continues to spread with astonishing speed. (Source: Worldometer)
Open air, sunlight, heat and humidity all mitigate risk of the virus, according to more and more studies. We should not be locking people up inside, sanding over Venice skating parks, chasing after runners on the beach, arresting paddle-boarders in the ocean, or banning protests.  …
Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives  …
World : how to fight with corona virus Pakistani:  …
The virus disproportionately impacts people of modest means, limited access to medical care, and those in close proximity to people with little or no paid sick leave — long term care workers. It has less to do with the colour of a person’s skin than the wealth of their parents.
No one knows how lethal COVID19 is. Experts agree staggered reopening widespread testing resources for healthcare providers effective vaccine will speed relaxing restrictions BUT“If we underestimate the virus, it will find us”  …
There is nothing Patriotic about possibly spreading around a virus with no current vaccine.
Social distancing relative to this virus focuses on social distancing of 6 feet when in close confined quarters, like subways, buses, buildings or residences. Studies show extremely low risk of contagion from open air public places, with even lower mortality risk to healthy <60.  …
Gov. Inslee: "Trump is fomenting domestic rebellion & spreading lies - even while his own administration says the virus is real & we have a long way to go before restrictions can be lifted." 
Quick question #Patriots: When @realDonaldTrump opens, if your governor decides to continue lockdown, will you: Pls Vote, & RT so these fools see we support the @POTUS & we aren't going listen to their unconstitutional BS over a BS Virus that isn't as deadly as the flu!
Crude oil prices now below 20$, Either government should pass this relief  man or use this fuel bag money to tackle Corona virus. Don't tax or ask from people. @PMOIndia for your attention please
I JUST COUGHED WHAT IF I GOT THE CORONA VIRUS & BECOME A FAMOUS CASE & I GET INTERVIEWED BY MULTIPLE SOURCES & I PROMOTE LORDE'S SONGS AND CLAIM THAT LISTENING TO THEM IS THE CURE TO THE VIRUS SO ALL HER SONGS WOULD GO #1 FOR 100 WEEKS! 
This Lockdown is not so much to control the virus, it's more to control the Country,, they've got us exactly where they want us, finally, and you fell for it?..
My question for tonight - can things in Scotland actually get any worse ? They’ve robbed business grants , went out for runs when care homes are in crisis, had absolutely no preparation to protect the people or mitigate the spread of the virus . It’s brain numbing stuff from SNP
Only 19% of the 3711 folks aboard the Diamond Princess contracted the virus All breathing the same air pumped through the ship’s air con. 
I have a suggestion for where you can hold your next RUDE and NASTY hate rally. Try Brookfield, WI. I'm sure they'll  you with open arms. Make sure to thank them and shake their hands since they believe the virus is a hoax. 
Some good news from a Stanford University study finding that more people might be infected with the corona-virus than thought which signals a way lower fatality rate.  …
A virus can’t be cured. They can get a vaccine to help people’s bodies to fight it, but it’ll always be around.
In one week half this crowd is gonna be in intensive care. No masks. No distancing. Chanting and spraying virus droplets everywhere. Sheesh. I don't wish harm on anyone, however, they are begging to get Corona. God, deliverer us from folly.  …
That data has been available for one month from Italy. "99% of Those Who Died From Virus Had Other Illness, Italy Says"  …
We should have been outraged long before this virus. Go drive through Navajo country and the disparity and inequality that they have had to endure is shockingly visible. We need justice for native people in this country.
READ HERE it may save your LIFE FINALLY a USE for NANCY PELOSI Hand Washing tip for the CORONA VIRUS. 20 seconds NOT ENOUGH Please do not acquire OCD from this ADVICE nor puke, nor have nightmares. Careful of STD’s too 
The scientists belief that if a man dies of a virus the virus is still in his corpse, I think it is just a fallacy with regards to what the prophet SAW said "if anyone dies of an ailment, the moment he/she dies the ailment has gone."
A reminder: We are almost four decades into AIDS and we still don't have a vaccine. We know the structure of the virus. We know of drug regimens to control the virus (those took 17+ years to find). But vaccines? Nada. We need a Plan B. Is anyone talking about Plan B?
I think people should start wearing masks whenever they go to buy essentials cause maybe some already have the virus but without the masks it's also easy to spread you know..
Italy Reports Fewest Virus Deaths in Six Days, New Cases Stable  …
How does coronavirus kill? Clinicians trace a ferocious rampage through the body, from brain to toes. SARS-CoV-2 lands in the lungs and can do deep damage there. The virus, or the body’s response to it, can injure many other organs.   – at The White House
Today would have been my little sister's wedding, but we had to postpone it due to the corona virus, and I'm having a really hard time. All those passed appetizers. All the warm white wine I would have chugged out of the bottle at like... 11pm.
Sunlight destroys virus quickly, new govt. tests find, but experts say pandemic could last through summer  …
@DrZweliMkhize As long as you not moving the infected away from the general population,and move them to isolation centers , this Virus will continue to spread ,how difficult is it to take few stadiums and turn them into isolation centers , Lockdown is not working 
Note to WH Staff: Rosa Parks was not carrying a gun or a deadly virus when she refused to give up her seat.
What’s the best way to show support to the doctors and nurses who are overwhelmed fighting this deadly and highly contagious virus, with the spread only slowing due to reduced human contact? Hold a giant public meet up with hundreds in attendance to clap for them of course!  …
In @thesundaytimes tomorrow read my investigation into private  in and out of the country during the lockdown, and why the time may be right for regional representation on Cobra. Insight’s investigation into the govt’s failings on virus prep in Feb is also a must read
This right here. SCIENCE, my dudes. A virus doesn’t care about your economy or your second amendment rights or your don’t-tread-on-me routine. It’s gonna tread on your respiratory system if you give it a chance. Stay home, doofs  …
This sounds morbid as hell but these idiots chanting "Fire Fauci" and blathering about infringement of civil liberties need to see the effects of this virus. They need to see the front lines, the dying, the age ranges, the overflow of bodies, the aftermath for people who survive.
@ScienceMagazine “How does Coronavirus kill? Clinicians trace a ferocious rampage through the body, from brain to toes.” Is a must read, these protesters have no idea of the myriad of health challenges this virus presents. Diabetes, obesity, hypertension make one very susceptible
Multiple “credible” news outlets are now reporting on the possibility that the virus originated and/or escaped from a Wuhan biolab. So @CBCTheNational, who is spreading misinformation with this piece? And is “Uncle Bob” not allowed to freely share his thoughts with his  …
I hope corona virus cancels the 4th of July. We need to continue securing victories against white people.
#Chinamustfall Imagine the Hypocrisy of China, they gave the world Corona in order to discriminate against us black people, for a virus that our whole Continent has the lowest number of cases, being racist against black people teaching their children english 
I hate living in a yeehaw state where people politicize & protest a VIRUS. Since you don’t like the govt. telling you what to do, are you also going to vote for the freedoms of women & their uteruses? Stay consistent, Utah.
And the virus has disproportionately  of color. We need to face the cold hard truth: we need to transform our healthcare system and invest in all 
This is significant: SA has screened more than 900,000 people in  checking for possible symptoms of the virus. Of these, about 11,000 were sent for a full test. Health workers aren't waiting for people to show up in hospitals; they're actively searching for cases.
We now have confirmed cases  spread in Lagos. Community spread = nobody is safe = everybody is a suspected carrier of corona virus = you can get infected anywhere, anytime = trust yourself and your household alone = stay indoors if you don't want to die. #Covid_19
President Covik demands that citizens practice social distancing. But when his corrupt friend dies, the funeral is packed to show respect. Not only does he not know the name of the virus, he doesn’t understand its danger. Tomorrow morning he will beg for ventilators from Tesla.
We missed Easter this year but now you can pretend you didn’t & it’s for a good cause. I teamed up with @threadless to produce non-medical cloth masks to wear to help slow the spread of the virus, and 100% of the proceeds go toward @medshareofficial here:  
Attention citizens! Your Dept. Of Pandemia is pleased to announce @NYCMayor is today’s Hero of The Virus (TM) for his brave call for citizens to inform on each other. With his city’s economy collapsing, Mayor de Blasio remains focused on what really matters. Attention citizens! 
Don’t care about the virus in prisons and jails? Recall that on a typical Saturday, 476,000 people leave prisons and jails to live in  They are called correctional staff. #flattenthecurve
M/s @LadyVelvet_HFQ :- a) #TablighiJamaat had 15000 people with 2500 foreigners (many brought virus in India) b) Larger no of attendees remained in Markaz post #Lockdown and most got infected c) No evidence of any temple-gathering (Pre-lockdown) leading to #CoronaPositives 
people actually thinking that corona is a hoax... and they’re protesting it like... how are you gonna protest a virus
They are trying to destroy America! Everything including the virus is just an excuse to act un-American to fit their agenda! #AmericaWorksTogether @POTUS #LEADRIGHT @TEAMTRUMP @GOP #AmericaWorksTogether @POTUS #LEADRIGHT @TEAMTRUMP 
These sugar daddy scammers are worst than the “your  has a virus” call scams
Like the virus, bigotry knows no borders.  …
Out-testing South Korea sounds impressive until you realise that SK targeted their tests, did contact tracing, and controlled the spread of the virus early. They don't NEED that many tests. The first graph is a LOG SCALE. This is shameful, not something to boast about. 
NY jammed everyone into subway cars and the virus exploded. NJ has the highest population of any state per square mile. These states account for more than half the death's from the Coronavirus. This is not happening in the majority of America. Let's open up Let's go!!!
i’ve lost two family members to this virus. my dad has also had it and been ill for weeks. i’m in constant fear of losing my own life to it because i have very bad health issues already. stop fucking going out. stop fucking going to see your family. it can fucking wait-
Feb: meh, what virus? March: happy birthday wash your hands! Mid March: oh shit, lock everything the fuck down April: lol PPE? never heard of her Mid April: PM is canonised End of April: the virus is, in fact, racist May: virus last seen running for re-election
The #prolife movement is praising a virus that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and has infected millions, all because it delayed a few abortions. I think it’s fair to rename them the “pro-death” movement now. #prochoice
Takes a deep breath, and resigns myself to the fact that everything so many of us have done to flatten the curve and contain this virus is about to be undone by idiots. All I can do now is stay sheltered in place as long as it takes and outlive the idiots.
So it’s going to take other studies with more accurate tests (not clear yet if we have any more accurate) done on random samplings of people and maybe at a time when the virus has spread more widely before we really know its lethality.
Let us not forget he fired 500 - 700 CDC workers and shut down the Pandemic team. He ignored the virus for 70 plus days. He uses his position to exact revenge on blue states by ignoring their needs and out bidding states for supplies while giving to red states. eTc eTc eTc
To find out how lethal the virus really is, we’ll need larger studies with more accurate tests. We not have more accurate tests, which means that we may have to wait until the virus has spread more before knowing its lethality with more confidence.
Possible link between Coronavirus and Kidney Everyday there is more evidence that suggests that we actually know fokkol about this virus. 
Don’t raise money for American families suffering from coronavirus that have lost loved ones but guess what the fricken Elites say hold my beer let’s raise money for the fricken W.H.O because Trump cut them off because they didn’t let Americans know how deadly the virus was.  …
Goodfellas mobster, 85, released from jail due to virus fears 
The GOP: -Calls it “Chinese” virus -Blame4 it -Accuseof holding out on us -Accuse4 #ClimateChange “hoax” -Slapped tariffs all over them. Ok, their govt? Humanitarianism ain’t really their thing. So, What’s their incentive 2 help  …
Slowest NYC ER shift ever today, whereas prior weeks were unprecedented CHAOS with so many DEATHS. Social distancing is the ONLY effective treatment against the virus thus far. If economy slowly opens, then all workers will need N95s - let’s start making N95s America!!!
My aunt, an intelligent woman, lives there and is infected with whatever virus is in the brains of the people gathering here. "Waart* is packed and the workers aren't using the protective gear offered. They are happy!" (paraphrased) she posted. (*keeping this typo)
It’s almost as if electing someone playing the buffoon, who boasted of continuing to shake hands as the virus spread & called a plan get more ventilators ‘Operation Last Gasp’ wasn’t the greatest idea. If only the signs had been there....  …
In March, the vast majority of tests in SA were done by private labs, because the virus cases were mostly imported by affluent travellers. Today the majority of tests are being done by public-sector labs -- a big change in past 2 weeks.
My cousin just passed away from COVID-19. She was a case manager at the United States penitentiary in Atlanta & they think she might have been the first federal prison employee to die from this virus. Y’all please be safe out here.  …
#techradio 1/2 ComicCon & more cancelled due to #COVID19: Stimulus check website; #Coronavirus tracking via OS; Virus reveals Essential Tech; Ford/Samsung wristbands; LADWP invests in Hydrogen; Auto Insurance refunds; Don't Share Senior Photos  …
Evening friends & TSB family @thespybrief Twilight in London this #Caturday eve. Praying that all are well. Pls greet little Bata,dumped & rescued by Nevena on the streets of Niš.(3 day Easter curfew cause of virus.)Sweet little boy is safe & well.TY for caring. 
New NY virus deaths under 550 for first time since April 1  …
A virus infects healthy cells and causes disease. 5G is a super-fast wireless technology. These two things have absolutely nothing to do with each other — yet, there are rumors that 5G somehow caused the coronavirus pandemic. It didn't.  
China bans virus hunters from entering their country. Virus Hunter #CJPeters tells all, tonight #FoxNews 8PM 
Absolutely damning report in tomorrow's Sunday Times: "Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives."  …
Corona virus cancelled all concerts but that didn’t stop us beliebers 
Join me in saying thank you to those essential workers that face this virus every day to treat our ill, stock those shelves, keep us safe and keep the country running. THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO!!! WE APPRECIATE YOU!!!! Romey 
There it is: the single most irresponsible act of the Trump Regime. Directing MI to "reopen" when MI already has the 3rd highest virus deaths in the US. All because MI has a Dem female governor whom Trump can't harass, sexually or otherwise. #COVID #COVIDIOT #TrumpPlague
I started riding a lot in 86 I never wore a helmet. I hated when Ca. started a helmet law. Today I wear a full face helmet all the time . Some cool people never wear one I don’t plan on ever crashing but I wear a helmet I don’t think I’ll ever catch the virus but I wear a mask
Dead bodies kept in homes or dumped on roadsides, no count, no data. Guayaquil is Ecuador's worst effected city of the virus. Many reports were the share of dead corps rotting on the street and sidewalk...If you don't believe that watch this video. 
. @CNagpaul: "'We are pleased that the Government has heeded @TheBMA's call for this review ... it needs to be informed with real-time data to understand why and how this deadly virus can have such a tragic disproportionate toll on our  and healthcare workers."  …
Here are the latest #Covid_19 #Covid19SA figures: Total positive cases are 3034. Sadly, two more people have passed away as result of the virus. 108,021 tests have been conducted so far.
thank you joe. we need to shoot the virus with guns. i have always said this  …
Lockdown to halt the virus is like life under israeli occupation, says a Palestinian abroad [but with electricity, drinkable water and no bullets]  …
Mass events dont spread the virus? It was the Football clubs RFU..Cricket and many many other sporting bodies which unilaterally closed events. The government even deliberately delaying closing pubs..of course Bozo's mate Tim said Spoons where immune.
Reinstate? Reassign? Navy to decide fate of fired captain of virus-stricken ship  …
ChinaCrats virus only delayed freedom they will never stop it...! This time it’s going to be bigger & stronger than ever before!!! Remember what was habbening prior to their virus in Venezuela, Hong Kong, Iranians, UK... all standing up for independence for freedom & liberation! 
The last month or so has been a madness with the virus and with work, I’m fully active from Tuesday next week and will reply to all DMs and will start selling accounts and creating content. Hope to still have your support.
It's okay with me if they want to die. The problem is that they might be unknowingly carrying the virus for two weeks before they show symptoms, during which they're endangering everyone  into contact with. Also, these idiots are prolonging the length of quarantine.  …
The biggest virus on EARTH is............................HUMAN BEHAVIOR.
Imagine if ventilator manufacturers had shelled out the millions of dollars to massively increase their production capacity for this perceived surge in demand and now were facing bankruptcy as our understanding of the virus has evolved.  
THESE STUPID MOTHER FUCKERS WANT OUT OF THE HOUSE, I SAY SET THEM FREE TO KILL THEMSELVES BUT MAKE THEM SIGN AN NDA THAT THEY GET NO HEALTHCARE IF THEY GET SICK WITH COVID-19 VIRUS.  …
The government of California must be removed. This was never about a virus, this was a coup
Bottom line: the stay at home orders are not causing economic destruction. The virus is causing economic destruction. If we want to stop the economic destruction we need to stop the virus through widespread testing & tracing. Opening businesses back up prematurely will not help.
Not been on here for a while. Lost my Dad to the coronavirus a month ago. Hurts so much still. He was only 54. One thing I’ll miss most is watching the football with him, will never be the same. Stay safe everyone, this virus will take your nearest and dearest if given the chance
“Inconvenience is not injustice.” ~ @om3 And people protesting being temporarily sheltered in place to deter the spread of a deadly virus is in no  to a woman protesting a lifetime of dehumanizing, systemic and cultural racism. 
That’s it, boys. Biden’s on board. It’s time to nuke the virus.  …
Either testing is really, really low, or this thing is killing 5.3% of the people it infects, which is 40X higher than the rate of death for flu in 2017. So, if testing is adequate, this virus is horrendous. If testing isn’t, then why not and how do we get this figured out? 
Even imprisoning and torturing animals is a crime. What virus has infected the  that imprisons and tortures innocent people? 
Terrific analysis in @thesundaytimes under @EmmaTuckerST on just how disastrously cavalier Boris Johnson and his government have been on the virus  …
There's quite the little epidemic of touting every discovery about SARS2 as some shocking and unexpected . In fact, decades of coronavirus research has enabled us to make inferences about the virus behavior and understand (already) much basic biology. Don't erase that hard work  …
Mfs are protesting a fucking virus 
The only thing being ‘spread’ is a deadly virus that’s killing 1000s of Americans every day.  …
So, they allege there’s this virus that may not result in immunity if you get the virus naturally. Yet, through a , that they haven’t tested, you’ll magically be given immunity for a mutating virus? Why is it their own illogical statements aren’t immediately scrutinized by MSM?
It's time to kill every last one of these bastards. No more Americans losing their jobs to robots or wuhan virus.  …
We have seen, and will continue to see, that you can’t gaslight a virus.
#REA_COVID19Intervention: Following the @NigeriaGov's ongoing measures towards containing the spread of the #COVID19 virus and the @NGRPresident's call for inter-agency collaboration, we have, in the last few days handed over four solar-hybrid  …
Corona virus when people wash their hands with soap: 
This virus has made me less concerned about who spends 4 years in the White House as opposed to who spends 20-30 years in the Senate.
Well, we're working in the NHS And the PPE's a bloody mess Up in Downing Street they're wasting time Dicking about While we wait in line We all knew about the virus before Out in Wuhan it had killed by the score Had our warnings from the WHO That was our chance We were too slow
6-7 weeks ago when CDC warned the virus is rapidly spreading—my GOP Opponent @RobWittman bought himself Pharma stock in COVID19 treatment & emailed us “the virus is NOT spreading in USA.” Today 38K Americans are dead & 701K infected Help us replace him   …
Si te sientes de la chingada, toma té una michelada!! Get drunk for a good cause, proceeds go to those affected by the virus! Shoot thru 
All the other SAA bailouts made no difference, why would ANOTHER R10 Billion help? Saving the airline shouldn't be more important than saving the lives of those suffering the effects of this stupid Covid-19 virus. If SAA gets that 10bn we should really consider a regime change.
The virus has taken my first cousin’s husband. There are no words, only thoughts & faltering prayers to hold Colin, Judith & their family at this bitter time. *Our* family. #Covid19
The “Liberate America” movement in Brookfield is not a protest, It’s criminal negligence. They’re prolonging this shutdown for everyone by spreading the virus. I’d bet that some of these protesters will sadly never get to see #AmericaReOpen...Dead people have a hard time seeing.
Obama administration asked for funding to prepare for future virus outbreaks. Republicans said no  …
There once was a virus called COVID It made a lot of people act stupid Stay home, watch a show Live to see your children grow There are worse things than being secluded
If we don’t re-open the economy we are about to see deaths that are not virus related but depression related...
MERS-CoV can infect lung microvascular endothelial cells in culture. Mouse hepatitis virus (prototypical CoV), loves liver endothelial cells, like really loves them. Few things new under the virology sun. It's a bad virus, we don't have to make it sound extra weird though.  …
Noteworthy: Guatemalan official confirms the deportation flight on Monday with at least 12 migrants who tested positive for coronavirus originated from the staging facility in Alexandria, Louisiana — where at least 13 direct ICE employees have tested positive for the virus.
 … and a nice touch calling it 666.. The mark of the beast... We're soon getting chipped And they'll probably use the excuse people  with staying at home during this virus. So it's necessary for public health.
It's not their Fault, India IB Ministry is one of worst Performance ministry... They r spreading this Virus from January Onwords.. They should have Banned Tiktok since long time in India.. But IB Ministry only wants सबका विश्वास।।।
2/ Sunlight appears to kill the virus "very quickly" on stainless steel surfaces, according to the briefing @YahooNews obtained. Note: Your body is not a stainless steel surface.
Please take some time out of your day to read my mom’s reflection on my grandfathers passing due to Covid-19. Hopefully you will learn about how serious this virus is and how it impacts families. Hope you all stay safe. 
2. First of all, we are not at war. A virus is not a military enemy. Our political class' inability to conceive of a national challenge or even a threat except through the lens of war is exactly how we end up with trillions of dollars of bombers and no doctors' masks.
This virus has turned lives upside down in so many ways. A funeral in these times is strange, only close friends and family show up, no hugging, touching or holding hands. Everyone sits in corners and prays with masks on. May Allah get us out of this mess ASAP!
Morona Virus. Main symptom: Red MAGA hat.
Public protests and prematurely opened states won't only kill the ignorant, as if that in itself were OK. That's not how a virus works.
Prisoners get released, illegals traipse in at Dover, Romanians are flown in to take jobs.. And law abiding citizens are under house arrest?? What a selective little virus!! Coronavirus early release scheme paused after six prisoners freed by mistake  …
BSNL Female Warriors too fighting against this corona virus, so that BSNL can give uninterrupted services to the country,& people can work frm home, They all are mothers, wife,also handling both office & home bravely, they are fighters who never says NO. Salute you all 
Yes, Stephen Moore invoked Rosa Parks to praise those who violate stay-at-home guidelines, advocating for their revocation. Ironic, since the way this virus spreads makes such “protests" violent. (And he is on the White House council to “re-open" the U.S.) 
When the specific COVID-19 virus emerged in January 2020, Trump wasted precious weeks ignoring the warnings from the international  while simultaneously lying to the public about its likely impact.  …
I would like to apologise to Donald Trump for not supporting him when he said #Covid_19 #coronavirus is a Chinese virus... Indeed 
the Patriots are the ones who work in the hospitals that these ppl will be visiting when they are struck with the virus they gleefully went out to catch and spread. You deserve this ratio.
Just in-case you didn't know!! COVID-19 stands for Corona Virus Disease 2019.
New N.Y. virus deaths under 550 for first time since April 1 
MAGAts sure are angry. If they can't attend a Trump Hate Rally, they decide to protest state-wide protections to a virus?!? I thought Trump and his supporters were #Winning since 2016? What changed? #Covid19 #OneVoice1 #wtpTEAM  …
The Florida Virus is running rampant and it’s the deadliest strain of all.
with everyone in quarantine, and pullution clearing up, the 2016 creepy clowns have returned to the streets earth is healing. bro, WE are the virus 
1. someone said Chinese ppl don't wash backside 2. someone said all the  from Chinese ppl 3. national newspaper publishes a letter saying Bangladeshi & Indian workers have poor personal hygiene & their lack of responsibility is to blame for Sg's rise in covid-19 cases 
These people can't just admit they're scared of this virus like the rest of us and don't know what to do, so they have to blame the media, or new yorkers, or whoever else. He's two steps away from blaming Soros 
The people that are going to the beach in Florida are the same people that don’t use condoms. #virus
Trump and the billionaires pushing this don't care if their supporters get the virus and die. Their only concern is pushing Americans back to work to continue making obscene profits and winning elections. This is INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS and everyone needs to understand what it is.
Missouri is woefully unprepared to fight a deadly virus. Our Republican supermajority has spent decades making sure everyone has guns but no access to healthcare.
The story is "American President Cheerleads Violence and Death by Virus and by Armed Insurrection." The fact this fucking moron thinks the story is about what that may do for Trump's "coalition" says all you need to say about the state of American "journalism"  …
Handsome 2 1/2 flats are slowly replacing Chicago’s late-‘90s condos. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
What is the problem with moving forward by focusing on isolating symptomatic and those susceptible to the virus? Contact tracing tens of millions of people seems akin to playing God.
Astonishing ST revelations about how Boris Johnson's govt  asleep at the wheel as the virus gripped the country. Excellent reporting by @JCalvertST  …
I don't understand any other thing he said apart from "Corona Virus" but from his expressions, We are in trouble. Jeez‍ #COVID19 #funkeakindelebello #kemitalks #Abba_kyari 
No, The #Wuhan Virus Won’t Cause A U.S. #population Decline @stavernise @nytimes, of course, fail to tally the #of abortions that most assuredly do affect population growth of the #USA "A drop in births" Excellent article  …
A virus from China.  …
People talking about ending social distancing as a matter of liberty and personal choice miss the fact that the virus is transmitted by people who have no symptoms, and the people they transmit it to can die; you don't have a right to transmit a deadly disease; that's not liberty
So FAUCI & BIRX say this "VIRUS" is highly contagious. NEITHER OF THEM are wearing GLOVES/MASKS/FACESHIELDS at ANY TIME. Think about that.
#Ecuador #Guayaquil #Coronavirus Guayaquil is Ecuadors worst effected city of the virus. Many reports were share of dead corps rotting on the street and sidewalk...If you dont belive that watch this video from the city were by far the most infections in Ecuador are reported. 
1776 the consensus was “we are all willing to die so that others may have liberty”. Today .... “I have a 1% chance of catching a virus, surrender all freedom” disgusting
New — Number of #COVID19 tests administered in Texas: 176,239 Number of Texans testing positive for the virus: 18,260 Number of Texans who have died from COVID-19: 453 Explore the @TexasDSHS data here:  
The COVID-19 pandemic has disproportionately impacted black and  resulting in a widening racial death gap. . The #MaskOn campaign is our attempt to encourage the younger generation to routinely wear masks to decrease the spread of the virus. 
People use "Social Distancing" like it some kind of new Mantra. Two metres away will protect you from the world's "deadliest" virus. This society, this Earth, people... are absolutely, fkn bonkers!!
I prefer the Dutch vanilla ice cream, I have it specially flown in from Holland by taxpayer funded private jet, it’s the only way to avoid those nasty supply chain issues I caused by politicising the corona virus so much, it’s delicious  …
“We’d already learned that the outer world, the material world, could turn on us; now the virus threatened our most fundamental refuge, other people.” @jacqules  …
I think they biggest untold story about the “please let us die” protestors is that they’ve obviously been coordinated by the GOP and Trump campaign. When we trace the virus back to them how do we intend to hold them accountable?
He doesn’t care and I don’t support him. He is an angry, little man. He didn’t cause the virus but he didn’t do anything to help reduce the spread. He is responsible for lives lost due to his inaction.
Nature is healing. We are the virus.  …
James Franklin: "We're not in control. The virus is in control and hopefully we're listening to scientists and not politicians and everybody else. ... At some point the leaders on our campuses and the leaders in our states will tell us when it's safe  back."
Sir @ARanganathan72 you had tweeted about Indian Scientists finding #HIV virus like insertions in the #coronavirus on 1st February. That tweet now cannot be found. The #French researcher above indicates you & the #Indian team were correct.
When Pres Zuma fired ineffective Ministers he was attacked left & right, people marched for him to fall. Hardly 3 yrs after he left SAA is no more. SAA employees are losing their jobs in addition to those who are losing their jobs becoz of Corona virus.
Have I missed something here, thousands of Americans are losing their lives daily to the virus, yet there’s some parts of America reopening and there’s even protests on the streets about being lockdown, someone explain to me what is going on, why are these people so stupid?
Sources say, millions have died from the Corona Virus steamroller! 
Some of these people are consciously supremacist: the Proud Boys in Michigan, for instance. But I also point at folks willing to do the work of white supremacy. They may not consider themselves racist, but are willing to set loose a virus disproportionately killing black people.
32% of Americans think drinking Corona beer causes the virus! NO JOKE!!
Before this terrible virus hit, we had already seen the glimpses of the approaching winter with fallen angels such as WeWork, Casper, Brandless and Outdoor Voices. (3/10)
Boris is at Chequers. He has been there since Sunday. It was announced at the time that he would be there for a little while to recover from the virus before returning to national duty. When you ask where he is, what answer are you expecting, exactly? #WhereIsBoris
Turkey, Political prisoners were not among those who were released from prison by the amnesty law just prepared due to the corona virus. They are • Politician • Journalist • Author • Judge • Prosecutor ++ AymSoykırıma DurDemeli 
Because the trump administration allowed the virus to invade, staying at home is the *only way* to stop spread. No one is happy right now. But this nihilism and mob anarchy is only a recipe to keeping the virus around a lot longer.  …
I prefer to contact the virus.  …
The virus continues to spread ....  …
Jeff Bezos is $24 BILLION richer during #COVID19 pandemic as consumers rely on Amazon. For last month, I've interviewed workers at Amazon warehouses across country. They're mostly working poor & all have taken out *unpaid leave* at points out of fear of getting the virus at work.
Everyone will continue to die by Flu, Pneumonia, Cancers, heart attacks, suicides, homicides, car accidents, Wuhan virus, etc. But America will open up! We'll get our jobs back! We'll #MAGA! Economy will skyrocket! And that's what  They're loosing the elections!
Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives. The 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster.  …
You should be more worried about the government  tyrannical than a virus that killed less people than the flu (even after adding in all the inflated death numbers).
I appreciate this work  data on racial inequities where our government has failed to do so. But I wish journalists and others would stop saying African Americans are “far more vulnerable to the virus” or “more susceptible to the virus.” No, it’s that racism kills.  …
"Nature is healing herself. We are the virus "  …
Serious Question: This is no way a debate but more of an inquiry. I’ve seen that people think the pandemic is not real. I personally know people who caught the virus but wondering, do you think this virus is less serious than the typical flu?
Going on Fox to tell Laura Ingraham that PCP kills the virus
Now this is the drama I'm here for. Take over by the head bitch in charge using Corona Virus as a tool in achieving sidelining goals. Let's go!!!  …
The thing that angers me the most about the Brookfield protest is all the kids. Yes, they’re the least susceptible to the virus, but they also don’t have a choice in wether they endanger their health or not.
If certain groups (e.g. BME, men) are disproportionately affected by this virus, then no, we don't all have the same vulnerability, and it's important to find out why.
It appears all Zanu PF  from Mnangagwa’s mouth. Anyone who speaks on anything says, “ as president ED says” from corona virus discussions to independence issues. Zvinonyadzisa! Very soon some will say as president says we should go to the loo
It took only one virus to expose everything wrong w/ the US political, economic and healthcare systems. Millions of Americans w/o insurance, thousands w/ symptoms couldn’t afford to see a doctor, millions more lost insurance along w/ their job due to economy built on consumption.
“Everyone will probably get this virus at some point, but we ALL can't get it at the SAME time. Hence, Social Distancing. If you think this is some BS virus, repeat  from multiple city officials: "The morgues are full". Outside of some Sci-Fi movie, when did you ever
From now on I will call it the #ChineseVirus I will no longer call it anything else, but where it was originated from and that’s China, hence the appropriate name: The Chinese virus
Make no mistake. This thoroughly amoral excuse for a human being saw the pandemic as an economic opportunity for the U.K. Did he really think it was acceptable to allow the virus to ravage our population for economic advantage? Yes. Do you think he cares now? Of course not.  …
In almost every country. This is a deliberate cull of the elderly. Sickening. #COVID19 Overall, about a fifth of deaths from the virus in the United States have been tied to nursing homes or other long-term care facilities, the Times review of cases shows  …
The Plan... NEVER OPEN BACK UP THE ECONOMY....We the People will have to demand our Rights are returned... Their is no "Virus" clause in the US Constitution... #DemocratsAreCommunists
Corona virus is going to bring tremendous change in thinking and perspectives of people for better. Things will not taken for granted. The arrogance of scientific and medical development will sober Down.Nature’s unpredictability will gain ground. Housewife respect will increase .
Thread: here’s how the virus confirms all of my previous views of the world: 1/464
A deadly virus probably won’t be that impressed by your protest sign, if you think about it.
Thank you so much for saying that. She works tirelessly every day to help save those that are sadly inflicted with this terrible virus. Every day, 7a-8p at the hospital. She’s truly an incredible person
It only took a few coronavirus cases among African immigrants for China to fully embrace apartheid. I fear the discussion around flights into Heathrow, which scientists say pose minimal threat, will have a similar effect here. Already seeing tweets equating migrants to the virus.
There is a small group, (5%?) who think the virus is a government conspiracy 2 microchip us. There is another 5% who WANT to microchip us. 90% of us understand if we individually + collectively make smart decisions, we can  forward without killing people. Be the 90%.
Coronavirus and capitalism: How will the virus change the way the world works?  #coronavirus 
The economic impact of a continued lockdown will be far worse than the mild symptoms associated with the virus.  …
I spoke to my Grandmother today & she could barely get out any words. She is dying all alone of Stage IV cancer. 2 of the people that meant the most to me in this world will be dying alone because of this terrible virus. I really wish I could go back to posting fun tweets, but
I don't trust New Yorkers to do the right thing. They think people suffering over this virus is more important as long as it hurts Trump.
We’re fighting two pandemics: the virus, and right wing stupidity.  …
If we don’t have surveillance testing and contact tracing it won’t be over until 60% of us get the virus. The results will be devastating.
Reminder: @realDonaldTrump cannot bully, bribe or tweet away the virus. It is much of the reason he is more unhinged that ever, showing off every single mental illness & defect that consumes his self obsessed mind. He knows after he loses in November his life will be destroyed.
They did the exact opposite - the virus has been supressed in Ireland - I wouldn't call that making a hash of it!
Bahraini detainees are helpless against this virus, they’re unable to protect themselves against infection due to lack of cleaning supplies. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرین
Even though today was supposed to be the Spring Game, I want to recognize all of the first responders and medical personnel battling to stop this deadly virus.  – at Kornblau Field at S.B. Ballard Stadium
People going to the beaches are at low risk of spreading this virus. People going into other people's houses are at very *high* risk of spreading this virus. That's actually the thing that will cause the epidemic to continue. Can't we get that across?  …
Stop spewing misinformation. First, there's no evidence that antibodies actually protect against COVID-19. Second, we have no idea who's actually had the virus in this country, because we're not testing. Third, that's a shitty website. Fourth, I'm blocking you.
Rohingya muslims also attended Tablighi event and now they are hiding they have enough reasons to use this "Corona virus" as opportunity to harm country people Reason number 2002 Why we need NRC
I find it ironic that it was China who (allegedly) gave us the Covid 19 virus and yet we are relying on them for PPE equipment. Why cannot we just make the stuff in the Uk? #musings
Certain airlines say they are going to start testing people for the Chinese Virus before you can board their planes. But if you're foaming at the mouth and have rabies or Ebola, you're good to go.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO, MY DAD BEAT THE FUCKING CORONA VIRUS MAN!! GOD IS GOOD
First, they cover up the virus data. Then blame foreigners and blacks and stir up racism. Then they take away freedom. China is not a responsible member of a civilized world.  …
I'm still perplexed. A virus that dies with antibacterial gel, hot weather, soap&water or Lysol has yet to be cured? What's really going on?
1/ I deeply respect Gen. McCaffrey. But to say 4,500 Americans died yesterday from #COVID is to fail to understand the truth of the death counts. States are reclassifying and reporting deaths of very elderly people that occurred days or in many cases weeks ago as virus-related...  …
The Democrats & the evil fake news hoaxed America with collusion, then the border, then Kavanaugh, and we thought they peaked with the Ukraine hoax, but they're doing precisely what POTUS said they'd do, and are HOAXING the USA over the WuWHO virus that came from China!
Everyday, we are still continuing to learn so much about #COVID19. Great graphic from ⁦ @ScienceMagazine⁩ about how many organ systems possibly affected by this virus. 
GENDER REVEAL TIME Sooooo  lost patience... I had to cancel my actual gender reveal party due to the virus going around and everything so I decided to work with what I had at home. That’s right, it’s a GIRL 
How quickly a free society bowed to the media and hysterical politicians over A VIRUS. And how, by doing that, we’re losing and have lost precious freedoms we may never get back without a huge fight we already waged 200+ years ago!!!!
So even the experts abroad also agree with @RahulGandhi ji that #Lockdown is essential, but is only an exercise to contain the spread of virus, and will be futile unless #testing, testing and more testing for #COVID is done. #RahulSpeaksForIndia and the world agrees with  …
LADY GAGA IS DOING THIS MF EVENT TO RAISE MONEY TO CURE THE VIRUS THAT CAUSED THE GLOBAL PANDEMIC WE'RE LIVING IN, SHE'S NOT DOING IT TO BE THE CENTER OF ATENTTION SO SHE WON'T APPEAR WITH A CRAZY LOOK BECAUSE THIS IS NOT WHAT #OneWorldTogetherAtHome IS ABOUT
#Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster “Boris Johnson skipped 5 Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives”  …
Hundreds of thousands of people in underdeveloped countries face deprivation as economic activity has been shut down due to the COVID-19 coronavirus. Among those most vulnerable to the virus are the street children of Senegal check this out 
The world may soon pass "peak virus." But true recovery will take years—and the ripple effects will be seismic. 
The intention of this, according to the Senior Special Assistant to the the Governor on Health, Dr. Oreoluwa Finnih is to redirect calls that are not genuine or specifically related to confirmed cases of the virus to areas where they could be locally handled. @jidesanwoolu
We will be donating ALL net proceeds from the sales of PLL face masks to Feeding America, who continue to  that have been affected by this virus.  …
REAL TIME SPOILERS AHEAD Dan Crenshaw and Bill Maher say "Wuhan Virus" in perfect unison 600 times. Andrew Sullivan says that ACTUALLY Covid-19 is because of gay men and then asks Dan Crenshaw to call him a f*g. New Rules: Food can't be so spicy anymore 
The pimple on my ass could have handled this virus shit better
Imran Khan: We will have corona virus peak in mid May. We want our hospital to be fully equipped till then. Jahil Jiyalas: Imran Khan wants corona to ruin Pakistan. Murad Ali Shah: We could not tackle corona virus. I beg u to stay at home Jahil Jiyalas: How cute! We stand with u
