The guy who collects the virus samples from local hospitals decided to stop in and buy cheezits and brag to me about how he’s made 17 stops today I came dangerously close  my first crime
The mainstream media seem annoyed with any good news about drug treatment or data suggesting virus infections and deaths may have been overblown.
China's CDC chief says #Wuhan market may not have been #coronavirus origin: "From the very beginning, everybody thought the origin was the market. Now, I think the market could be the initial place, or it could be a place where the virus was amplified." 
And the fundamental research for future efforts. We can use PCR to detect the COVID-19 virus, because in the 1960s scientists discovered bacteria living in extremely hot conditions. Decades later thermostable bacterial enzymes used for efficient PCR.  …
Hey @GovRaimondo how did the trampling of Constitutional rights go today? Did you undo any spread of the virus through your #4A violations?
How many Texas ladies know that governor Abbott has stopped all abortions in the state of Texas due to the Corona virus. He says planned parenthood is not essential services. An unwanted pregnancy awaits for no one. Plus, Abortions is not the only service they provide.1/2
I rarely promote my story these days. I worry that I might bore people then I’m reminded of the positive influence of my Gran who at almost 70, took on our sheep farm after my parents died. Under current virus rules, she wouldn’t be allowed out of the house. 
The China virus: - Genuine threat - Came from China - Experts can't stop it on a dime - We're all at risk - Guidelines are just that. No guarantee - Follow those Guidelines as your part in this fight - It can and will be beaten - Be a calming influence - Trump's team is at work
Great! China, whose dictators initially hid COVID-19 from the world, helping to turn it into a pandemic, while arresting the dr who first warned about it before he died from the virus China's gov't denied existed, is sending us some protective clothing  …
Also my mom went to buy groceries and the cashier told her how the virus is just a plan by the government to look good and its not actully real man Im having a day
Farmworkers key to keeping US fed are wary of virus spread  
stop calling covid-19 the chinese virus. inspired by @nytimes article:  
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the non 5sos stans at this time
The government honestly failed us miserably with this virus
H/C workers have excused themselves from doing termination of pregnancies due to “religious/moral” reasons, NOT for  immune systems after surviving cancer 3 times!! Her working in a building w a highly contagious deadly virus at all is selfless & courageous!  …
This was when Trump was saying the virus was a hoax. We are paying the price with our lives!
sports guys are suffering. They are watching clips of old games now. They can't survive off of the nostalgia. They'll get scurvy like a sailor. Their interest is all about whats happening now They are in worse condition than people with the virus at the hospital
Beware,the new virus in town Easily beats corona hands down All stared from a giant clown Who said he didn’t want the crown He’s been nothing but letdown Done nothing but crackdown How dare you bring our country down? It’s now time for your meltdown #IslamicRepublicVirus
Because everyone in Italy is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the virus 
Trump couldn't rebrand it as the Chinese virus, so now it's the NY virus.
I thought my wife would be much crazier than she is in the quarantine plus having a Virus at the door. She’s doing OK !!
I figure it's only a matter of time before an American politician suggests that Real America is getting the virus due to the rootless cosmopolitans etc
Corona virus is bad and all but I think if you’ve survived what mono has to offer you should be fine
Only way to jolt some people  are adds that show the shocking reality of this virus. Remember the grim reaper adds ? Frightened the bejeezus out of me.
how sum of yall wanna be healthcare workers but dont think this virus serious or dont care if all these people dyin...?
Ok...then officially write to the Chinese Ambassador here & ask why there has been a drop of 21 million phone lines in the period the virus took hold? When you don’t get the response write to the CEO China Telecom then the GSMA Assoc. They are hiding huge death rates over there!
Screening NYers will do little to stop a virus that was already spreading like wildfire amongst their own locals. They just need another scapegoat, to give their slack jawed base another rationalization to justify not dealing with reality.
my biggest fear at the moment is having this virus and feeling no symptoms while I’m affecting others omg
The third death in San Bernardino County was an 89 year old at a Yucaipa nursing home. 12 residents of that nursing home have all tested positive for the virus. “... the threat of COVID-19 is very real,” Dr. Gustafson said.  …
Now we need to fight the virus. In November we need to make Mr. Trump a one-term president.  …
China is kinda to blame for the virus though, Owen.
Yep! The virus was released on purpose. They released it, kept it quiet long enough for it to spread, so they could hype it to this level. It’s all by design to establish their one world government.
i’ll be damned if i got the virus and brought it back to my family, that is something i would never forgive myself for. stay the fuck home, this shit is serious.
Actually, I'm in a nursing home recovering from a stroke I had at Christmas time. There are people being admitted with the virus so we're all confined to our rooms... Lots of fun.
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the non entertainment stans at this time
Morrison has not declared war on the virus. He’s just circling the wagons and saying “come and get us”. Which it will and is.
Czech Republic, Thailand and other countries near China have very few infected or dying. they r making everyone wear masks. this is data science. our gov. is lying to us. turns out the data says we can use homemade masks to mitigate the virus  …
The governments are acting as if they can control this virus. They can't. It WILL spread. The only thing they can and will end up controlling is the people - which is what they want. This virus serves 2 elite goals: depopulation & control, which is why I know it's intentional.
COVID-19 Outbreak Is The Trojan Horse To Increase Smartphone Surveillance Here’s my “good little Tweeter” note so I don’t get suspended: The virus is real and very dangerous And here’s reality: so is unwarranted surveillance & data collection  …
'It's no different from New York': Urban centers nationwide gird for catastrophic virus outbreak 
Corona virus news March 28,2020 
Many have lost trust in mainstream media due to political bias in the past They've ignored the problems in Sweden Now that corona virus  along, some don't believe the media when they warn of this pandemic BUT The media is right here. Corona virus is dangerous!
Yup. The whole #StayAtHome frame might make sense in narrow contexts but universal mask-wearing is probably a much better way to address the virus in non-hotspots.  …
The future is FLA Gov. DeSantis today. The governor who left the beaches and almost  open as the virus spread like wildfire across the country is now blaming his state's outbreak on New York and New Yorkers fleeing to Florida. This is the new political message.
I’ve resigned to the fact that the virus is spreading. Please stay at home. May you find a guiding light during this trying time. Do not lose hope.
@GovRonDeSantis The virus isn’t traveling the interstate highways it’s traveling the side roads that Floridians take to the grocery stores THE VIRUS IS HERE ALREADY!!!!! Spend our taxpayer dollars on test kits PPE & ventilators  …
‘It’s no different from New York’: Urban centers nationwide gird for catastrophic virus outbreak  
Only one thing can stop the virus, and that's Modern Baseball getting back together.
Hey Greta  we can't just raise taxes on people to rid of The Chinese Virus like with Global Warming? #VirusTax
It's too bad the government didn't just fake an alien invasion as you once suggested. I am not denying the health threat created by the virus, but your economic cure will be far more deadly. It's because we followed your bad advice back then that we are in so much trouble now!
US poised to restrict TSMC's chip sales to China’s telecom virus @Huawei - Proposed rule world make it harder for  using American production equipment to supply certain chips to HuaweiVirus 
He hosted the virus itself
You couldn’t make this stuff up. A former Cuomo staffer, accused of being funded by far right Modi nationalists, is likely exposed breaking Corona virus restrictions in Queens, home to worst cases in nation, to spread voter disinformation of @DeJesusSaves and maybe corona.
Over 119,000 confirmed cases. Highest amount of any country in the world. Averaging about 15k new confirmed cases everyday. And we are.. drumroll.. “21 days from the PEAK of the virus”. God help us.
Shoot the virus  …
over 40 health workers have passed away from the virus in italy alone due to the lack of masks and equipment trying to save lives and this woman is trying to profit off of this tragedy...you know what, we're getting her out of here with trump  …
Today on a short drive to the store, I saw a father and young son washing their car, siblings throwing a ball in the front yard, and a family playing lawn games. If anything  out of this virus, it may be that we rediscover the value of family
I know I joke around, but we have to stay together on this. The more people move around the longer the virus will be around. We got this. 
Opinion: Mexican President's virus  at great risk  …
The LNP is slowly adopting Labor policies used during the GFC to get us through the corona virus crisis. It's now obvious that Labor's economic credentials far exceed those of the LNP. I hope this finally puts to bed the myth that the LNP are better economic managers. #auspol
So annoying at the fact I’m staying in, can’t see my boyfriend/friends or other family members and there’s people who are just doing all of the above as they please, whether they have the virus or not just pure ignorant. People are so fucking selfish.
After this virus thing lef ago go mozambique. Abeg where ago get car for?
Oklahomans haven’t forgotten Jim Inhofe sold his stock in January. Then joked about the virus trying to shake hands with reporters. Then voted NO on the first relief bill. And we won’t forget in November either. #Covid_19  …
Kid you not, this just happened Was watching a show & the people were going out to a party & I was confused why they were leaving the house & concerned they would get the virus. It’s been too long
Lipkin says he suspects R0 higher than 2-3 (meaning virus more contagious than current estimates) #COVID19
The number of Coronavirus cases in Houston, TX has tripled in a single day. As Texas braces for the full breadth of the virus to emerge, the national shortage of personal protective equipment has health professionals worried & one of the largest malls in town stepping up to help.  …
The fact that the Corona virus stays for 8 hours in air doesn’t sit well with me... last time I checked they said it’s not airborne
@ntsikimazwai daughter of the soil; we share the same sentiment. The black privileged make us chuz btwn surviving the disease or surviving poverty; & I say either will do bcz 3weeks we may survive the virus and die of hunger & the opposite can also happen. You're appreciated 
This government thinks that allowing 20,000 people to die of this virus then this government think they will have done very well!!!! They are planning and preparing for 20,000 of us to die!!! China lost under 3,300 WTF is going on
A new must-listen podcast for me during #COVID19 is This Week in Virology — today, feat Columbia virus hunter Ian Lipkin, himself sick with the disease, who caught the virus in NYC after having been to China & self-quarantining upon return. 
THIS MAN IS A GENIUS he figured out the Corona virus problem 
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal The last thing what we can risk is using Huawei 5g and risk getting another VIRUS from China.  …
1/2 Very sad news. A rescue group that does free clinics picked up Corona for a check-up, neutering, and shots, etc. The woman that picked him up just called. Sadly, Corona had to be euthanized. He had the Feline Leukemia Virus. 
Wearing new merchandise that I can't release yet because of a certain virus. Please let me know if you're interested! bye bye embroidered crop top 
"Gentlemen, I'm displeased with the progress you've made on a cure for Chinese Cringe AIDS. For this reason, I've hidden aerosol dispensers of the virus around the room. You can find a cure or perish in the gutter like a dog." 
There has NEVER been a virus hyped to this level. Ever. The only factor which is different this time is the man the globalists fear the most, Donald Trump, is up for re-election. And their only hope to defeat him is to destroy his economy. And that's what this is about.
Last month, Queen Elizabeth II ran from England to a Desert because of Corona Virus, Today, she’s tested Positive Modafuckin virus has been tracking her 
President Trump takes extreme measures against the "Chinese Virus" 
The virus is bring out the ugliest in humanity. Racism. Scapegoating. Panic. Selfishness. No trust Soon serious economic pain. I can only hope virus ends soon. If not I'm very worried about war, racial policies & famine I feel helpless  the hate & base animal instincts
Can someone please remind me again of why these people are so much more valued & valuable than say - the nurses fighting the virus or grocer providing your food? Just how do they "earn" all that money they get paid?  …
Tell your daughter that her father just used her for a prop and that Global warming may kill the virus
Smart Twitter folks: I have a likely dumb question. We keep talking about sanitizing and re-using masks for healthcare workers. This virus is very sensitive to heat. Has anyone looked at "sanitizing" masks/scrubs with high heat...like a blow dryer to minimize viral exposure?
The United States of America does not need more people to treat, especially non-citizens. Thank you, ICE and immigration court officials for doing your job to protect America. @IlhanMN Who do you represent? The laws change because of a virus? Nope! GTFOH! 
Boris Johnson helped pave the way for Trump’s plan to prioritize the economy over shutting down the virus has contracted COVID-19 himself 
A Message form Sidney Crosby... Spread the word not the virus.... 
28 March Updates on CCP Virus Pandemic  via @Gnews202064
Italy is correct the EU has stood idly by as Italy grappled with this vicious virus Germany blocked exports of medical supplies to Italy Merkel the dictator deciding the fate of the Italians
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all TNA circa 2011 fans at this time
The foreign gas & coal mob have infiltrated Australia’s govt.. like a virus. 
Patron is the cure to corona virus
The scary thing is not the cough and sneezing. The worrysome thing is the headache, wallahi as if as someone is pounding something inside my head. I pray may Almighty Allah protect you and your families from being infected with corona virus
Feeling much more upbeat about this whole virus thing after a great phone chat with Alan Jones this morning
If you’re currently focusing more on a pathetic Twitter campaign, calling on people to ‘clap for Boris’ - which no one will take part in - rather than a deadly virus which, due a decade of Tory cuts, our NHS is woefully ill-equipped to deal with, you’re being played.
My 79 year old father who has cancer is in isolation currently at Rush hospital in Chicago. He is showing signs of the virus. I am terrified for him! Sending many prayers your way!
TV on. Background noise. I’m sick of it now. I reckon if I got a case of beer and took a swig every time someone said corona virus I’d be pissed in an hour!
noting to do with the virus, for a minute, but what the HELL does the president want that has to do with these Indian Lands- and what is the Secretary of the Interior messing with here?  …
The key in the next stage is  testing. And the ability to contact trace. This is a great resource for states on how to do it. Imagine a world where the virus is dying off and then you did this? 15/  15/
I’ve never done a bad thing in my life!! Tonight I’m going rebel!!! Fuck the politicians fuck Hollywood and fuck this bullshit virus!! 8:30!!!! LIGHTS ON!!!
51 years married and not allowed go to his wife‘s burial. That is the reality of this virus. The last time this man saw his wife was as she left their home in an ambulance. “I loved her.” There’s no choosing to ignore this thing. Stay safe, stay home.  …
World leaders need  together and seek solution to end this evil that is befalling us. This is not time to point accusing fingers on each other but to unite and fight this virus. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak @cctip_io airdrop 200 REMI 250
Idle Hands 2:Anton’s now CHASING his hand. He must find it & wash it before it passes a deadly virus to whoever  in contact with. Luckily Molly has started an organic baby product line which happens to have the perfect hand sanitizer. Mick & Pnub r still eating burritos
Gujarat is strongly stands with Country. While @ArvindKejriwal was busy to create panic Gujarat create largest Corona virus hospital in record times. #IndiaFightsCorona  …
In times such as these, w/ a quarantine in place and a potentially deadly virus on the lurk, sometimes you’ve gotta get your wits about you and do what must be done — like stripping naked and straddling a large metal bull in the middle of NYC.  …
I am so tired of this stupid virus, my meme game is suffering because I have no inspiration
LRC published: "Due to the Coronavirus Hoax, Consider the Consequences of Martial Law and Asset Takeover Going On in America" Some snowflakes object to the word "hoax", but the article does not deny the reality of the virus but rather questions the wisdom of the response.
it is amazing how quickly and resolutely we mobilize when the perceived threat is an ethnic other and how slow when it’s a virus
This #AntiAsianRacism has to stop because a virus doesn't care what color we are. The world needs GOOD people right now. The world never needed racists. If you're racist, you're obsolete. Maybe now is the time for good people to start treating racists like racists treat others!
So the Dr. Sitdown is a DDS. Explains why he was so adamant that we had the virus under control in early February and  when presented with information from other countries regarding imported infection from the Philippines.
since were at war do we get a corona virus campaign medal
A killer virus of another kind.  …
An infant in the USA who was infected with Corona virus has died.
they’re out for a stroll with their mates, hanging about the shops, etc, because “if we stay home, we’re just giving in to the virus”
. @elonmusk seems to be in a meltdown of late: -Fremont death virus slavery -Erratic jet travel -Solar City CFO exit -Grimes unfollow Maybe he tried to hold it all together with duct tape & bubble gum thru the Delaware trial. And the indefinite adjournment has led to this.  …
Over 30 000 have now died from Corona virus worldwide. Maybe if this had been taken seriously from the start, we could have avoided this.
Everything in life has a beginning and an end. If you cut corners, the  a lot quicker. Listen, everyone has a different  when they contract the virus. Please, please stay home unless you have to be out. Remember to wash your hands and stay 6’ from another person.
They are preparing for war. Virus is a cover. NORAD and NORTHCOM now activated and personal are shut up inside with around the clock surveillance. Mercy and Comfort hospital ships NOT for the corona virus. Trump confirmed that today.
Citing "current evidence," the WHO says the coronavirus doesn't seem to linger in the air. But at least one expert in virus transmission argues it's way too soon to know — and that it's "dangerous" to say otherwise. 
A 102 year-old Italian woman defied expectations, and was deemed 'immortal' after surviving her coronavirus infection. "The virus surrendered in front of her." 
So I’m just a simple country girl, a year older than you. I think China is up to no good and this is the result. Purposefully or not, they released a weaponized virus.
And still, the beauty of this land will always amaze me. I look out the window & think why tf I not outside Hawai'i is way to beautiful to have had this virus spread here. But still, the beauty of our home will always remain. Soak it in & until then, stay safe Hawaiians!
Thank you to all who have asked about my dad. He’s still quarantined at LIJ and they are re-testing his virus results. The first test was negative which is promising! The oxygen is helping. I truly believe he will beat this, and will be out “scoren ze goalen!” again soon!
Please don't be an a-hole. We're in a good position in Australia, and it's up to us to keep it that way. We have to keep the country going while containing this deadly Wuhan Virus. We have to do it TOGETHER. WATCH the full vid  
The lower the limit of detection, the earlier in the infection process the virus can be detected. Maybe the new tests will be as sensitive as the lab test, but even if not, getting results in 5 min will certainly be a huge help as we work  the spread of this virus!
This is what we will all have to watch – right now, there are very little publicly available data on what is called “limit of detection” – that’s how many copies of the virus need to be in the sample before it will give a positive result.
Both the lengthy lab test and the rapid point-of-care test detect the RNA strand that is inside the virus. Every virus has a different sequence of A, U, C, and G that makes it unique. Much like people, viruses in the same family look similar, but are still different.
"The big mistake in the U.S. and Europe, in my opinion, is that people aren’t wearing masks. This virus is transmitted by droplets and close contact. Droplets play a very important role—you’ve got to wear a mask" 
I think we've reached the point when its time to stop illustrating stories about coronavirus with 3D-rendered pictures of the virus.
Niall’s firm represented a defendant in my dad’s murder case. Our views also fundamentally differ. However this is irrelevant when  to someone’s health. It’s awful to see anyone suffer with this terrible virus. Thoughts are with Niall, his family & friends. Keep fighting.  …
Virus aside, the way this high pollen count has been... I think an everyday mask is just about necessary regardless
My mom works at the hospital too, she’s had cancer too, when patients with Corona virus  in, they decided to let her stay home for her safety (it took a week to get all the bureaucracy done but whatever), that’s the right thing to do!
Yes, actually he does. He's the Governor, and your sweet freedom does mean that you get to kill people. You can't have people over to kill them, and you can't have people over to infect them. YOU DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE THE VIRUS OR NOT.
I don't understand why Grace Jones can't just give a look and say, "Virus, be gone!" and have this whole thing over with in ten minutes. 
Corona Virus, like any flu breakout will last for 2 to 4 months (starting from January) Manufactured hysteria will last for 12 to 18 months Oppressive societal control will last until it is no longer required and obedience is built in
Now in the irony department. A Spanish Royal is the first Royal to die from the Coronavirus, the virus developed from the infamous Spanish Flu.
Quarantine pitch: The Zodiac Killer now old and long retired in Florida starts to see his elderly friends dying from the Virus, noting the dumb asses still partying on beaches he decides to leave one last message and practice the social Distancing he knows best in ‘Zodiac Spring’
Joe Biden refers to Wuhan virus as 'Luhan Virus' in shadow presser with pathetically low views  … via @BIZPACReview More words of wisdom from sleepy Joe Biden ...
After this virus garbage, climate change is going out the window. People are sick of it, no more invisible enemies, too easy to scare the stupid. Ppl’s kids are being traumatised by alarmist morons. It is disgusting.
@NYGovCuomo Hey, shit head, explain to us all how the hell you & the democrats can blame Donald Trump for “not sending you Ventilators” for the Corona Virus crisis & then admit just hours ago that you have warehouses full of ventilators that you refuse to use? YOU ASSHOLE!
is there any pandemic discourse  good, the real virus is capitalism, rent strikes require organization, sexting is a skill,  need greater attention, animal crossing is post-corona LARP, and incarcerated ppl should be let out immediately
After this virus has been successfully defeated, anyone who diverts funds meant for equipping our hospitals should be publicly executed.
Well, in case you did not believe that Trump admin  and at fault, read this: Senator: WH turned down emergency virus aid in Feb.  …
SARS coronavirus 2 was detectable in aerosols for up to three hours, up to four hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard,up to 2-3 days on plastic and stainless steel.Ppl may acquire the virus through the air and after touching contaminated objects. #Covid_19
Happy Birthday To Yall Favorite Beaute its YA DAY! not a bitch, not a virus, not a loss can ever hold me back from nothin so on this day i toast to my life. IM THANKFUL im built for this shit, i love it & im only gettin better. HBD TO ME 
Hold my juice box while I kill the virus. 
This is a really good piece on the ACT (and also rest of AU) approach to covid19. Single most important quote from Dr Coleman: "biggest misconception some people have about the virus is that it could be solved by a short and  lock down"  …
Do we know if anyone in the United States is collecting this data? “The study examined 206 people in Wuhan who died from the virus and there were 63 percent more type A fatal cases than type O.”  …
I think we should thank those supermarket customers who had Delivery Saver slots who are giving them up for the isolated elderly. It has already made a difference to many elderly, some in their 80-90s who were out of groceries. Some areas severely affected with the virus, no help
As a result of the corona virus, Finland has just closed its border. That’s right, no one is allowed to cross the Finnish line. 
"pregnant lass" - his mistress half his age who he had an affair with. And one of the reasons the virus is killing millions is his,  ineptitude, or his and his cronies' quiet desire for it to actually spread and eliminate some of the "surplus" population.
Reporter: "How is Taiwan doing with virus control?" WHO spokeshole: "Sorry. I'm having trouble speaking with Xi Jin's Ping in my mouth."  …
Give awernes about #CoronaUpdate to the people of my District #Cronavirus is most dangerous #Virus but inshallah together we can nd proof that pakistan people's party alwayz be there with poor nd needy people in thi critical situation. #ProudOnLeadership 
When this virus stuff over with I want a “Big Name” as soon as we get back. I don’t need no tune up fight.
Deborah, only your brilliant brain could write so beautifully while battling this virus. I’m so sorry. Thinking of you and the family!!!
This administration has spent more time developing different arguments to blame the Chinese than they have preparing for the virus to hit our shores
Me the second the corona virus is out of Buffalo 
They’re saying even if 80% follow the social isolating it’s still going to take 4 months for this virus to stop. Maybe if y’all listened. I’ve seen multiple stories of people out on boats drinking today with friends, partying with their friends. You are the problem
There are two pandemics we’re dealing with right now: One is a virus and the other is white people who  that the rules also apply to them.
Over 800 Dead in Spain in One Day From CCP Virus Spain is one of the hardest-hit countries in the world and has the highest officially reported death toll behind Italy,death toll climbed to 5,690,an increase 832 from the day before,the Ministry of Health  …
The virus WAS the dinosaur
exclusive footage of the US government preparing for the virus 
I really think the virus was God trying to humble and slow us down. Our society is so fast paced and out of touch. This is forcing us to be reflective and so much more thankful for what and who we have around us.
Time is Running Out!!! A lots of countries released the prisoners with probations because of the Covid-19 virus. But Turkey didn't it. Families of prisoners exclaimed "Time is running out immediate release!" Could you say " ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye " for them?
Again, this is why we should not be using Chinese official stats on the virus in our   …
This virus out here ruining people lives and y’all still tryna go out for no reasonstupid asf
Good to discuss strengthened - cooperation in response to COVID-19 pandemic with @Christodulides tonight. International collaboration will help  this virus
Everything @realDonaldTrump does to battle the #coronavirus is either weeks or months too late. He is always 5 steps behind the virus rather than controlling the situation. It's so frustrating.
I don't know why people are pretending not to understand: 1. there is a deadly virus 2. viruses spread exponentially in a population 3. the spread can be stopped if you take drastic measures 4. it doesn't mean you overreacted if the drastic measures work
China is seeking to not only obfuscate the origins of the virus, and their culpability for hiding the outbreak (just as they did with the African Swine Fever outbreak last year), but to spread unease about other Govts to achieve their goals and hide their failures  …
99% of Those Who Died From Virus Had Other Illness, Italy Says  …
Normally I do talk back, but the other night I walked into my corner bodega and two guys started freaking out that a "Chinese" person was gonna give them the "Chinese virus" and I was too scared to engage with a potentially virus-carrying human to say or do anything.  …
They all look like they know he’s giving them the virus but they’re not allowed to say no.
On Saturday 8:00 PM, Saudi citizens from all around The KSA joined the hashtag campaign #النشيد_الوطني and proudly sang the national anthem  the government for their efforts to fight the deadly virus COVID-19. #InAllLanguages 
'lambs to the slaughter'? when vast majority who get the virus have mild flu symptoms & risk of death for prev healthy ppl is <1%? No  from exaggeration & seeding panic  …
My jaw was on the floor when I heard this.. but understand govt science advisers have warned PM that true China coronavirus stats are “15 to 40 times” higher than officially declared, based on worldwide modelling of virus behaviour... 
Our government now says that fewer than 20,000 deaths from corona virus would be a good result! That will be the worst in the world! Why in the UK when other nations have very low levels?
I submit we set up drive through Trump Derangememt Syndrome checkpoints adjacent to all Wuhan Virus drive through centers. That’s the real virus plaguing us for 3.5 years now.
bernie sanders: using the massive email list from his campaign to promote workers rights and raise money for nonprofits to face the coronavirus crisis, none of which have mentioned his candidacy or asked for a donation to his campaign joe biden: this luhan virus, its very bad
The state will use crises like this virus to push heinous ideas that would be unacceptable in safer times. The Shock Doctrine is not limited to economics.
The mall in Jonesboro is destroyed. I am strangely thankful for this virus right now. The mall was unoccupied. 
So many services like @RefugeeLegal have to keep running because Australia is run by racist idiots. Before the virus and after the virus we will still need them. Please support them in anyway way you can.  …
Started man cave thank you cabrona virus 
Productive call with the White House Coronavirus Task Force today. We are working every day to meet the needs of the American people as  the threat of this virus.
AEROSOL or no AEROSOL? Controversy continues. Experts reject that #SARSCoV2 is aerosol transmitted. Suggests the virus is only contained in droplets, which typically is pulled down by gravity and doesn’t linger for long time in air.”  …
Jacob Wohl continues to disparage the effects of coronavirus It’s pretty upsetting to see someone in the face of so much evidence say stuff like this that accuses Italy of deliberate lies to make the virus seem worse 
WATCH: “We authorized MILLIONS for a virus response. I call on @GovBillLee to get that money downstream so we can get these test sites open 24/7 FREE OF CHARGE.” - 
Despite what the president says, this is not a foreign virus ( #COVID19). We find evidence for: 1) coast-to-coast US spread 2) domestic importations out-weighed international importations by early March, even without travel  …
Due to a lack of #COVID19 testing, this deadly #coronavirus has been spreading UNDETECTED in the U.S. for months. With outbreaks in MULTIPLE cities, the *only* way to contain this deadly virus is a NATIONWIDE #LockdownNow. INACTION = more people DIE.  …
Fit #3Dprinting mask against the virus invasion via @IntEngineering #tech #digital @omeroymak @WSWMUC @alvinfoo @DrBonillaOnc @sallyeaves @DioFavatas @usb_camera @fklivestolearn @TerenceLeungSF @realColinMac @TarakRindani  
All our reporters have done since the virus broke out is report, and while they did the business fell apart. It is  story but that doesn't make it easier We do have a chance, and I hope you can help North Shore:  SW Burbs:  
stupidity a bigger problem than da virus  …
The virus is all over the United States. It just hit New York first. Quarantining New York makes zero sense. Which city will we quarantine next? Houston? DETROIT? Chicago? Trump is a vindictive bastard .
Cristiano Ronaldo, Juventus to forgo $100 million in wages in virus relief effort 
I can't believe we're entering the futuristic dystopia part of the timeline where everyone is fearful of a virus and just walks around wearing masks all the time
Doctors are warning about taking Advil or Ibuprofen. They are saying the virus thrives when you have these meds in your system. People that take Advil are ending up in ventilators. Please tell everyone you can. Family and friends everyone.
Will this happen in the UK? How much has the Chinese Virus cost this nation in lives, health and money?  …
One of the saddest stories to have to write - Perpetrators 'are telling their partners they have the virus' so they can't leave the house  … via @ABCNews
My mom just lost one of her best friends to the virus. I lost an amazing uncle. He left behind 3 children and a wife. Please make dua for him. Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raj’oon. Thank you.
There isn't actually any contradiction in the beliefs that (A) the virus is dangerous, (B) mass unemployment is dangerous, and (C) authoritarian government policies are dangerous. There needn't be any cognitive dissonance holding all three at once; they're not mutually exclusive.
China sends Medical aid to Pakistan  the #Covid_19 virus. China's aid to Pakistan so far includes 12,000 test kits, 300,000 masks, 10,000 protective suits and $4 million dollars to build an isolation hospital. #China #Pakistan 
 in ridding the virus 
Products made in China. Vs Virus made in China. 
Praying my grandma makes it thru all this she tested positive for the virus and she’s fighting hard , this is no joke people need to really start taking this serious and doing whatever they can to stay safe and stop spreading.
Virus Apologizers: Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) Evangeline Lilly (actress) Rudy Gobert (NBA player) Brady Sluder (FL spring-breaker) Jamie Otis (actress)  …
China’s lies about the pandemic it caused, its failure to curb the disgusting wet markets that keep producing these deadly virus strains & its web of disinformation, are not the acts of a civilised state. Cancel the Huawei deal.  …
We Shut down flights from China, while allowing flights indirectly from China, Italy / Europe; allowed Mardi Gras, SPring Break and Disney Land to Spread the virus to every corner of America.. Now we're playing Hot Spot, (Blue & Red Teams) Whack a mole.. (we're already fucked)..
The stimulus package is for people who were laid off due to the virus, genius
I appreciate your question & feel like you do. This guy has blood on his hands not only for his handling of this virus but for abandoning the  a war crime in assassinating Solemeini with no imminent planned action by Iran to justify it, placing refugees in cages.
Point made by a reader. Provincial hospitals are not (yet) overwhelmed by the virus and staff could provide relief to Manila's hospitals. I'd suggest, though, that they be given a 'combat pay' supplement to their salary, the way the US army does it.
My prayers and thoughts are with all Nigerians affected by the virus. We will defeat this. Amen
Just watched Trump again at the top of the news. We're in a national crisis and our President is playing cynical and dangerous political games. He's blaming NY for the virus because he knows he can't win NY. He's pretending to protect FL because he has to win there. No bottom.
I have a question that may never have an answer. Yet I’ll ask go ahead and ask. Where did Mallam @elrufai get this Virus ? This is very important.
As I’ve tweeted previously, NZ has not only included the opposition, they’ve gone further than this by having the opposition leader chair a parliamentary group to scrutinise how the government is handling the Corona virus there. #auspol  …
Went from the Chinese Virus to the New York Virus. Trump is cycling through all his enemies. Next it will be the Cholesterol Virus.
Lord,I entrust my/our lives to you battling this corona virus,lend us your healing hand in taking care of our patients. #HealthCareWorkers 
Even if the curfew isn’t extended for some odd reason. I’d suggest still limiting frolicking. The virus not gon see the date and say aight... imma stop spreading
So, she’s feeling great after 2 weeks testing positive for Covid-19 but Trudeau who never had the virus is still in self-isolation. Hmm...
Residents of Florida: Only banning other people from your state will only do so much. This virus is already there. Social distancing is key to keeping people alive. I am doing my part in Louisiana. Contact your Senators and voice your concern. Your Governor is and idiot.
If you HAVE to go to the store, wearing a handmade cotton mask & glasses is a reasonable way to limit spread of COVID-19 virus. Try not to let the fear of looking awkward or over-reactive interfere with  sense, #EvidenceBasedProtocol. #MasksNow #WearGlasses
NOTE! On Saturday, 25 January 2020 Australia’s Chief Medical Officer said that there is: “No evidence this virus is being transmitted in Australia. At this stage there is no risk to the general  Such POOR JUDGEMENT! Why does this man still have a job?
Tomorrow makes 2 weeks since LA was shut down and odds of implementing my exit plan increase every day. The whole point of civilly agreeing to a lockdown was to slow the virus and give ourselves time to prepare. It was never supposed to go on for *months* on end. We are absurd.
Fears of domestic violence rise as millions confined over virus  
The more rapidly the virus spreads as Trump fumbles and stalls, the sooner hospitals are overwhelmed and the more people die with horrifying speed, as evidenced by the dire situations in Italy and Spain.  …
Because everyone in Olhão is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the virus 
3) Do anti-body testing on the entire nation to see what % of the populace already had the virus. (This would help determine how fast it will continue to spread, as those who had it should be immune 4) Begin contact-tracing for anyone who tests positive for either test ...
Anybody can get #COVID19 if  in contact with the virus. Viruses don’t discriminate. COVID-19 doesn’t target people based on their race, ethnicity, immigration status, or  level. It’s dangerous and harmful to link COVID-19 with a particular racial or ethnic group. 
ICYMI - China’s President Xi writes Virus thank you note to Bill Gates 
During the coronavirus pandemic, it's best to revert from contact lens to glasses, experts suggest, to keep from spreading the virus -- and possibly getting it. 
Abbott Laboratories says it has received emergency authorization from the FDA to produce portable novel coronavirus tests, which  indicates can detect the virus within five minutes and will be available starting next week.  …
The only saving grace is it appears the china virus isn't working, as advertised, either.  …
PVAMU NURSES ARE SERVING ON THE FRONTLINES TO COMBAT THIS VIRUS EPIDEMIC. PV NATION PLEASE BE IN PRAYER FOR THEM AND TYPE AN ENCOURAGING MESSAGE BELOW. PV Nurses post your pic and post where you serve in  THIS MESSAGE* THEY NEED OUR SUPPORT!!! 
THE TODD SNIDER SHOW LIVE Sunday, March 29th at 11 a.m. CT  A portion of proceeds will benefit The COVID-19 Response Fund, to assist individuals and families experiencing financial hardship due to this virus. 
DOH discards some inaccurate virus test kits from China  … Philippines discards Chinese tests that were only 40% accurate
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the cassarian shippers at this time
Okay who In Weslaco got the virus 
COVID-19 is the most immediate threat facing our nation, and the virus knows no state boundaries. What the #NationalGuard is doing in the states is part of a nationwide war on the coronavirus. (2/2)
If he doesn't protect and test the frontline staff, I don't think there's a cat's chance in hell of seeing this virus off.
New  soon. Sorry for the delay: we had a massive earthquake in Zagreb; the COVID-19 virus is still growing in Croatia... 
As most know I live in Oregon. I just had a conversation with a Mexican man who told me 20 doctors are dead in NY from virus and 100k are dead in Oregon from CV. Oregon has the highest death rate in the USA besides NY. Even 18yr old kids are dying. "Panic and BS is working".
Wisconsin’s confirmed cases of coronavirus reached 1,041 today. There have been 17 deaths. More than 15,000 people have tested negative for the virus.
Because of the virus that has covered the globe, all of the inmates in prisons have been released with probation in other countries. no one wants a pardon. If you do not want to be responsible for the death of inmates in Turkey, and are human: ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye
So my aunt tested positive for the virus, can you guys just send out some prayers
Daily update #coronavirus : Saturday 28 March Surprising decrease by -15% in new cases. To see in next days if it is only delay in data. (countries with most daily cases: USA, Spain, Italy, France) 63900 new virus cases, 660.200 totally. 3301 daily deaths. Death toll at 30645
"WE WILL WIN THIS WAR", unless you live in a red state where the governor refuses to take the virus seriously? 
NCDC should outline the process of health workers volunteering  this virus.
Experts @WHO reject claims that #SARSCoV2 can be aerosol transmitted, insisting the virus must be contained within droplets, which generally fall with gravity rather than spreading in the air. Controversy on this continues. #COVID19  
Western needs to end classes immediately . It’s ppl dying from the virus and we are supposed to be worried about fucking school. ???Shit sad
How many people were unnecessarily EXPOSED to the virus in order to produce this little photo op charade today? AND, we ALL SAW you SHAKE the Sec of Def's HAND!
It takes about 14 days to know you have the virus , while mfs  been linking up like its summer vacay for the past 2 weeks and y’all wonder how the shii spread Soo fast
Friends in health care told me they pulled their kids out of school & found alternative care as they considered school an additional risk to bringing the virus home #Insiders. They didn't consider @ScottMorrisonMP's explanation valid.
Hi, lots of people  on my isolation so here’s the facts. 1. 2/3 of Australian COVID-19 cases are from overseas travellers entering the country. 2. COVID-19 has an incubation period of 2-14 days. Despite showing no symptoms I could be carrying the virus.
To everyone that is still going out and hanging out in groups, you may not think that the virus is going to affect you but I have 3 grandparents in Stillwater that I promise it will affect. Please think of other people who may not be as healthy as you when you make choices.
Because of the virus that has covered the globe, all of the inmates in prisons have been released with probation in other countries. no one wants a pardon. If you do not want to be responsible for the death of inmates in Turkey, and are human: TimeIsRunningOut ImmediateRelease
I don’t know Niall personally, but I know he means an awful lot to a lot of people I know. I know he’s a champion of truth and justice and I know him and his family need our solidarity and our support as he battles against this terrible virus  …
This virus is stopping the bag ! I wanna cry
Healthy young man dies of virus. He had no underlying health problems... .... his boyfriend says. Sure....  …
An infant died from Coronavirus in Chicago today, the first time an infant has succumbed to the virus anywhere. Truly, terribly awful.  …
The virus was a methodical tactic to cease all the riots and uprisings around the world.
The Trump administration did impose travel restrictions between China and the U.S. on Feb 2, 2020. This NYC Chinese New Year Parade took place on Feb 9, 2020. #Wuhan virus quarantine requirement is 14 days. This parade should have been cancelled. Now we are all paying for it.  …
World governments now printing money as never before to “hibernate” private demand-driven capitalism. ⁦ @InsidersABC⁩ panel awestruck at enormity of COVID-19 crisis. Bigger than Great Depression/GFC. Will consumer demand return IF virus is contained? Let’s solve IF first. 
Can we uninstall 2020 and reinstall it? This version has a virus
*Macron: ‘The European project is at stake’ due to the virus 
what if the real virus was capitalism all along
Corona virus doesn’t care if you are rich or poor but apparently the test does......
Correct. The numbers of new #coronavirus cases and deaths are accelerating at an alarming rate. The Trump Administration delayed the roll out of #COVID19 testing, allowing the virus to spread undetected. Right now, the virus is winning, and tragically, many more will die.  …
Remember that @WHO refuses to share information about the virus with Taiwan. Criminal.  …
Cuomo and DeBlasio spent more time bloviating than containing this virus. What about the rest of the states that don't want to be infected? New Yorkers are selfish and have been traveling all over the country infecting people. One brought it South Dakota where we had none.
#ClapForBoris??? Fucking North Korea level adoration of the beloved leader shit? After he's fucked us by letting the virus spread like wildfire in the crucial early stages, when we should have been testing and contact tracing? Are you fucking kidding me?
How can getting #COVID19 test results take so long considering @roinnslainte cancelled thousands and thousands of tests? Some people actually do NEED to know their results, not just *act as if you have the virus and self-isolate* I'm so angry right now. No one has answers.
It started raining from 11pm up to now it’s still raining. it’s  to 2:am If God is washing away the virus may his will be done.
#BREAKING Nine More People in Hidalgo County Test Positive for COVID-19 A total of 27 people in Hidalgo County have now tested positive for the COVID-19 virus after nine new cases were confirmed, Hidalgo County Judge Richard F. Cortez said early Saturday evening. 
Me shopping in Soho after the virus 
Trump signing the virus Bill  …
A Mount Sinai team of experts is in the process of tracking down possible donors -- recovered patients whose blood antibodies could potentially curb the virus in the sickest patients:  #COVID19
Tomorrow is my Bestie birthday but this Corona  spoil am all next year we celebrating it double double #ChurchWithShatta 
: “Boris Johnson is a sick man and should be quarantined.” : Because of corona virus?” :”What’s corona virus?”
"Masks don’t have to  to be effective. A 2013 paper tested household materials and found that something as simple as 2 layers of a cotton T-shirt is highly effective at blocking virus particles of a wide range of sizes." All you need is scissors.
Im only back for an update. (Found my old phone.) My moms been diagnosed with corona virus so I'm getting tested monday...I'm so scared and I miss you guys so much. Ill try my best to keep you guys updated, and I hope to see you guys soon. Ily
It’s not the virus that’s going to kill you. It’s the case worker with the poison needle.
If God really sent him to keep us safe, wouldn't Trump have stopped this virus from even getting here and spreading.
My fantastic team being briefed,observing social distancing.Numbers going down,but all motivated and doing the best we can to beat this virus as soon as possible.Proud to be their  4 at 
So many people scamming in the name of a terrible virus. I opened my DMs for people who want to talk, but I’m getting a ton of messages of people asking me for money, for bizarre things, that’s not even remotely believable.
The president is from the north the senate president is also from the north but we don't have a single LABORATORY as a region for testing this virus. Allah ne gatan mu shine ze tsaremu  …
Why isn't there a virus that just makes you feel good and healthier
Y’all I might’ve had sum rona back when I was sick for a month in January..I’m reading a lot of these symptoms and a brotha almost was high and lifted himself tbhhh . The doctors couldn’t even tell me what was wrong w me. I just had a virus or form of flu.
Because everyone in Amarante is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the virus 
El-Rufai really did what he could (he has tied his camel) in sha Allah he's already in Allah's mercy. Now it is our turn to sincerely do our parts. There was always a probability that the virus was already here but we simply didn’t know, now there’s an even higher probability…
PLEA FOR HELP: Bryan Mayor Andrew Nelson on Saturday said Brazos County will need state assistance to help with COVID-19 cases. Health authorities TODAY confirmed that the current attack rate of the virus was higher HERE in Brazos County than that of the state of Texas. 
"Mr. Trump is essentially making a massive bet that political polarization is a more powerful force than the virus’s body count," writes 
Xi JinLaden : China to Expand Pharmaceutical Monopoly, Keep ‘Unfettered Flow Of Trade’ - ( If my Wuhan Virus didn’t kill u all, my faulty/contaminated medical supplies would do the job. ) #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #VirusCinese #VirusChino  …
i know ppl are hating to be inside, but being sick is something you will hate more. this virus isn’t a joke. watching your loved ones suffer with it isn’t fun. it’s scary, and helpless. just stay inside and stay clean!
So, what, now it's the Tri-State Virus? There are >60,000 cases outside of NY-NJ-CT. Republicans are going to kill their own base by downplaying the risk, encouraging people to think the risk is elsewhere, and refusing to coordinate a national response.  …
When China built 2 hospitals in 10 days, it was clear this virus wasn’t like the flu. As precious time slipped by, the POTUS sat on his ass and did nothing. And when the first cases occured, he was more concerned about the appearance of the numbers than the truth. #TrumpGenocide
In collaboration with the Sudanese federal ministry of health we have a launched a social media campaign to Help fight the COVID-19 corona virus be part of it help raise awareness by participating in this campaign to encourage others to stay home all you need to do is 
Praying that anybody who has this virus,  the virus!
We're at war against the most deadly virus in the world: Democrat Communist Globalism President Trump is destroying them by exposing fake news & passing America First policies. Chinese Virus biochemical warfare is their WW3! @Solmemes1 Strength & 
yeah but what about the  of the lazy and disinterested president who gave the virus a 7-week head start? cool story bro also: tip the flunky who wrote this tweet for you an extra twenty clams this week, they made you sound almost human
We are not at war, we are trying to understand and contain a virus mutation that spreads quickly and has crossed most national borders. You use this rhetoric because it is bellicose and gets you easy points. We need to act like a global example, not just nationalistic and simple.
If you see me sneezing or wiping my nose, I don’t have the virus. I just did a line.
So haven’t been on for a while the world has gone mad with this corona virus .. but today I got 11 weeks clean from Drugs ,8 weeks from alcohol on Tuesday was feeling good until last few days feel bit down again think this whole staying in lark ..how are u all?
"Just as the long-ago New Orleans leaders shunned projects to improve sanitation, so the Trump administration’s war on science, couched in the delusional 'deep state' threat, is a virus hurting America," argues Jason Berry 
Insha Allah, Corona Virus will be gone before Ramadan, amin.  …
The UK is in crisis. Boris Johnson has the virus, they're quarantining people en masse, tracking people by their cell phones, and now banning any gatherings larger than two people. But Sadiq Khan's police know what the priority is: hurt feelings on Twitter.  …
Pretty cool how most of the news groups are so consumed with listening to what Cuomo has to say about how to fight this virus when he is in charge of the epicenter. It’s like listening to the kid that failed 8th grade 4 times telling you what’s on the final.
Don't get why we have to go through ever ascending levels like  game as the virus grows. Why not go for the top level when the virus is weakest and then level down once fully on top of it. Why is it less faff to let the virus spread further? Will never understand that.
If the Democrats will hide relief supplies in warehouses after a hurricane so they could lie and tell Puerto Rico that president Trump wouldn’t send aid. Just imagine what they’ll do with the Chinese Virus Crisis.
That wax gon kill her before this virus do lmaoooo  …
Anyone got any charities that are actively aiding those impacted by Corona virus? I may be able to help. Preferably one that aids those most vulnerable x
RETWEET if you believe that after the Corona Virus dies down the Democrats will immediately begin accusing Trump of colluding with Africa.
U.S. deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000. It will double again in another two days. And so on. Trump didn’t create this virus. But he’s made it so that America will have the most deaths from it.  …
Bet you regret wasting precious time on your holiday in the Carribbean now, @BorisJohnson. You could have ordered the ventilators before the virus hit the UK.
[ #Covid19] Would renaming SARS-COV-2 as "the covfefe virus" be helpful in getting POTUS the recognition he deserves?
It defies belief, EU vessels to patrol Libyan coast searching for boats carrying illegal weapons, and also to pick up migrants and take them to Greece. Hasn't this virus taught them anything about open borders, whose in charge, school kids??  …
Really heartbroken to hear about this terrible virus taking the life of Andy Koutsoudakis. Andy was an owner of Tribeca’s Kitchen - a wonderful diner near City Hall. He was kind, warm, cheerful New Yorker. He was always at the front door  customers. Rest In Peace Andy 
#booforboris really? I mean I didn't vote for the bloke  on! Who the hell going to boo a bloke who has a virus that's killing thousands of people a day while his pregnant lass sits at home worrying about him - get a grip
More than twice as many Australian travellers to the US have contracted #covid19 than from any other country - including China. And yet Corman on #insiders singles out travellers to China as those who have been spreading the virus. #racism
Him Praying that non-Muslims get the #coronavirus does not make him a better Muslim. Nor will it protect him or his congregation from the virus. It just proves that he’s a shit human being. Mullahs are a curse in Pakistan. #CoronaVirusPakistan 
Till today, updates on confirmed corona virus cases. - U.S. reached 120,000 - Italy reached 90,000 - Spain reached 70,000 40% of the total world #CoronaVirus cases.
I’m so confused. Were you people told that you can only catch the virus from strangers? Coz how you’re still hosting tu parties in your houses I don’t understand.
86 UN staffers have tested positive for virus  …
Yes, the NYC Health Commissioner seriously said not to worry about the virus; ride the subway, take the bus, gather in large crowds. All about identity politics and “racism”.  …
And covid is barely mutating the parts that the immune system recognizes (the spike protein), so once a patient beats their high level of virus, they would easily be able to beat back whatever little virus they might get exposed to from others.
The main reason I’m skeptical that patients were actually reinfected so soon after recovering is due to what we know of the virus and recovery. Patients who beat their infection (and ~98-99% do), do so because their immune systems rev up enough to beat it.
Virus got us BORED 
2) these tests can be very sensitive at detecting viral genetic material, even it’s just a non-infectious byproduct of the immune system conquering the virus.
Too much negativity all around with this virus causing so much havoc. In 72 hours I will give someone $25 who retweets this  something positive !
Just wait a little longer. We're trying to curb this virus and protecting y'all. Once it's done, you can dismantle my insides.  …
I'm taking a few minutes each day to fill out the Symptom Tracker at  so researchers can track the spread of the virus. By filling out this survey, no matter how you are feeling, you can do your bit to help #beatcovid19now
Ecuador's western city of Guayaquil, one of the hardest hit by novel coronavirus, is planning to build a mass grave as the government predicts an increase of deaths due to the virus 
I’m single (divorced), but one thing  to realize is that this virus did what no woman has ever been able to do: cancel sports, shut down the bars & keep men at home!
POV: you’re the virus and I’ve decided to eradicate you but I don’t really understand what a virus is and you’re actually just a ladybug 
NEW NUMBERS: The number of COVID-19 positive cases in Florida climbed more than 700 on Saturday for a total of 4,038. Ten additional people died from the virus, including three in Pinellas County and one in Pasco County. DETAILS: 
I just feel sorry for the virus. #OperationLastGasp #KeepShakingHands #TakeItOnTheChin
Who on earth in their right mind would #clapforboris ? When we get three or four months down the road of this pandemic and the bodies are piled up, loved ones lost to this horrible virus, you will realise what a fiasco this government has caused & you will be doing #BooForBoris
The virus is inside the walls of the Vatican, which has canceled public Easter ceremonies, is testing scores of people and considering isolating measures for Pope Francis 
Why is it we still have no answer as to how this virus originated? At this point with the death count and the speed of transmission, it has to be a bioweapon.
Give thanks and praise to President Trump. He needs no money, and needs no fame. You don't need a credit card to ride His train. He’s strong and sudden, and cruel sometimes, but He might just save your life. That's the power of His Love, to cure The Virus.
Conservative voters must be in a state of shock. All their fantasies about the Tories have been smashed apart by #coronavirus. Tory austerity left the country defenceless to the virus and their  has caused it to spread like wildfire.The Tories are worse than useless.
Giving posties more work to do. Spreading more virus. Why not just put it in a TV broadcast?  …
United States: A baby who tested positive to coronavirus has died. The child was one of 13 deaths reported overnight in Illinois and is the first known infant to die with the virus.  #Coronavirus 
Luke’s photo break... (virus free) Out of all the various types genre of photography I do, I love putting on 800mm lens and taking wildlife “portraits” or “selfies” Here’s a male Northern Cardinal and female BlueJay captured in my 15acre photo studio 
We can’t beat this virus or keep Washingtonians healthy and still lock up thousands & thousands of people in jails, prisons, & detention centers. Mass incarceration is  with public health. Please do the right thing @GovInslee: #LetThemGo  …
Notice How We, are Hearing About Elevated Westerners being Infected by the Chinese Virus, but so far, Not the Arbiters of this Attack: The Politburo of the Communist Party of China? This Small Group of Godless Scum has Much for which to Answer. 
No wonder 52,318 got infected & 728 got killed by #Wuhan virus in NY. This clip explains why NY is the hottest spot for #CCPVirus in the nation. Lock NY down!   …
The governor is under pressure from critics, including some public health experts, to impose steeper statewide restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. Many county and local gvts already have. #gapol  …
Media: @eliehonig with @AnaCabrera sides with @NYGovCuomo on #RI: "For one state to say 'We're going to pull over cars with license plates from another state because we're afraid they may have this virus' violates equal protection & due process ... Terrible, problematic policy." 
I can’t be alone in these agonizing conversations with the self. But the selfishly animalistic part of me howls incessantly to the virus, “My grief is far from special I know, but please please spare my mom. She’s all the family I have. Please let her live.”  …
im so fucking tired of seeing people go out and treat this as if it were a vacation. its not. theres 21 cases in the valley as it is and i already lost a family member to the virus. do your fucking part and stay indoors. its not that hard.
I can’t wait to neverrrrr hear about corona virus ever again.
With 30 corona virus cases in Uganda and y’all still have gas of sleeping and snoring even!!
SF prepares for potential looters. Very few people out. I (safely) drove in half the time. Many are masked. The worst of virus and human behavior is  It is serene. It is sad. 
Smashed these dead easy 3 ingredient #OnionBhaji recipe by the lovely @SabrinaGhayour - everyone should get onto these. Recipe on Sabrinas social! We were meant to be filming a mini series with her this week, but it’ll have to wait until after this knob head virus.x 
. @realDonaldTrump, This is another really stupid tweet. People will leave New York based on this that may be carrying #Covid_19. It will spread. Almost everything you are doing  this virus is wrong. What's "unprecedented" is how fucking reckless you are.  …
We are not the virus Many have concluded that the virus may then be "nature's revenge" on humans and their ecologically destructive behaviour. But we must avoid the danger of taking lessons on climate change from the virus's massive human toll  
I still have not gotten an answer to my question. This virus has been here minimum since December. Where was the massive death toll for December to March. Some one please answer this.
A year from now  will get onstage, open with “You guys remember the virus quarantine?,” and get physical attacked by half the audience
I know we shouldn’t let fear and worry  us but this is all so very scary. I am anxious and super worried. This virus is just wiping people out....hundreds x hundreds of people including medical professionals. I don’t even know y’all.
SPREAD THE HORROR NOT THE VIRUS Please take a few minutes to watch the video, and then join us in our efforts to “Spread the Horror Not the Virus!”  … #SpreadtheHorrorNottheVirus
NICE DEFLECTION! - I blame Trump for knowing the CV19 virus  in January 2020! - I blame Trump for refusing WHO tears - I blame Trump for calling got a hoax, while Republicans sold their stocks & shares - I blame Trump for NOT doing enough to SAVE LIVES!
Please please pleeeease take this Corona Virus stuff serious Guys !! I lost my Grandad yesterday to it and it’s really hard to take in that it hit so close to home . He won’t be walking around this house anymore and it’s tearing me up but me and the Fam will get through this !!
 out about prior knowledge of Covid virus. This excerpt is from 1981 book "The Eyes of Darkness" by Dean Koontz. There is also almost the exact same line in psychic Sylvia Browne book of prophecy called "End of Days" i think it was published around 2008. Very scary !!  …
Some nebraskans are getting real smug about low virus rates but we're also testing people for it at lower rates per capita than most and you know  late to the midwest.
As the number of people dying keeps climbing daily in L.A. county, I find myself going from: "it'll be ok, we'll get through this" to "this virus is gonna kill me isn't?" I'm trying y'all Hoping for the best but preparing for the worst This has been tough for my anxiety
My mom is a 69 year old nurse & her hospital is deploying to her the front lines next week She called me to tell me where important documents are, if ‘something happens because this virus kills and kills quick’ Now I know how if it feels to have a loved one to go to war
We have been surrounded by “China virus” our whole lives. 
What are some things you’ll be doing once this virus settles down and quarantine is over?
I think New York should shut down the subway system for at least 15 days and sanitize the every car. Can you imagine the filth? Even without the virus this has to be speeding petri dish of bacteria & viruses. Yuk
I have killed nine people during the lockdown and the police are still too busy going to the houses of people who misgendered the virus to take 
Sorry didn't explain it well. Lipid membrane = a shell made of a double-fat layer. Soap pops that membrane like bubble and the virus basically falls apart. It's one of the most reassuring things about this virus. Something so simple and readily available just polverzies it.
800,000 Doctors to Trump: Heed Expert Warnings and End Dangerous Campaign Against Social Distancing. "We need your leadership in supporting science-based  on social distancing that can slow the virus."  …
Just sitting at home with my AR-14 during this Luhan virus pandemic about to shave my leg hair after I eat some Corn Pops.
sick of this car owner virus. local closed. dealer not about. and to top it all off mrs on the blob. fumin.
It's all about Governor Mallam Nasir El-rufa'i today, as the news reaches the grassroots they've been praying for his recovery, Insha Allah, U will Conquer this Virus. Zaka Rusa Covid19 kuma ka kasheta Murus @GovKaduna May Allah Grant You Shifa. 
Just heard on the radio, government warning ME “not to  about the virus. If the infection rate in the country matched pro rata that in the Cabinet, we would indeed be in serious trouble. We have seen in the past weeks precisely  looks like.
Omfg gathering in LARGE ASS GROUPS to stop a virus spreading is like fucking to preserve virginity .. it just don’t work like that  …
The key to the politics of this may be how long it takes for the virus to reach small town red America in larger numbers, as most experts expect. Issue isn't so much states-it's hitting red states too-but where its concentrating w/in states: for now its still mostly big metros  …
#Iran Ministry of Health spokesperson: "Unlike in other countries with #COVID19, the virus has been managed in Iran. #Coronavirus has been managed better in  to many developed countries". WOW! The only things they've "managed" are the infection & death toll  …
Unfortunately, the speed of the virus spreads faster than Turkish government's speed to make a decision! @UNHumanRights @BBC @ABC @CNN @BBCBreaking ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye
* Remember the amazement when the Chinese built a 1k bed facility in Wuhan..? Our glorious marines & the Army Corps ‘d be like: Hold your virus while we lay down our 3k-bed field hospital overnight...
we can’t let this virus kick our ass because do you really want to explain to your children that the reason they don’t have grandparents is because you thought you were too cool to binge watch a show about a gay polygamist redneck who owns 220 tigers?
Aaarrrhgghhh, there's a deadly virus on the loose and I still get upset by the misuse of apostrophes on Twitter! And "your/you're" etc... Stop right now, Mrs Angry!!!!
Nigeria’s case in fighting the #CoronaVirus is being made worse by those who are resisting the fight and even burning and looting public property because they think #Corona is a virus created to stop us from praying. Why are we doing this to ourselves?
It's because corona virus is real, climate change use to be called seasons
A smart, pragmatic move to help stop the spread of the virus — and decent too.  …
Trump should put on the memo line of all the checks he sends out. For: China Virus Relief I could see the liberals opening their mailbox now. 
Dems, If USA had caused virus you'd of course blame Trump. China caused it, yet you still blame Trump. You aren't rational ppl. You're hate-bots. Media implanted it in you; now you react to every "news" item just as you're supposed to - "Egad, NOW what is that idiot doing!?!"
I won’t even lie, I’m thankful we didn’t go to the funeral because of this virus because wow my family wasn’t really thinking straight when they concluded that they’ll really bury him in his car . Like I can’t even sleep guys.  …
We are fighting more than one lethal virus: Corona & Morona
There is fake news going round that Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom has been tested positive for Corona Virus. The Queen is in good spirit and currently at Windsor Castle, County of Berkshire, Southeast of England. Ignore the baseless news. 
NEW: There are 2,061 cases of COVID-19 in Colorado now, with 274 people hospitalized. There are now 44 people who have died from the virus — an increase of 13 people from Friday  
Amazon Delivery Guy Spits On Package, Caught On Ring Cam. This Is Discusting, Horrifying And Possibly Criminal During This Chinese Virus.  …
Bracing, frontline warning from a UPMC doctor in Italy “The main lesson..so far, social distancing is the only thing that seems to be working” Each of us has an individual duty to stay home, save lives + kill this virus. Stick together, PA  ….
Like him or loathe him... this whole #BooForBoris is disgusting. A few months ago every one of you cunts where tweeting 'be kind you never know what someone is going through' and now you want the nation to actively jeer and 'boo' someone? Who could potentially die from this virus
Stacks of urns in Wuhan prompt new questions of virus’s toll 
Right so, scientist here. Not that kind of scientist, but enough of a scientist to know that the virus has a lipid membrane, which means that because all soaps are designed to cut grease, literally any soap is adequate to kill this mfer. I use Dr. Bronner's on my produce.
Please send positive thoughts! My dad just suffered a heart attack and he's in the hospital undergoing a series of tests to find out what happened. He might even require open heart surgery. I'm a mess right now. Between this and the virus, I'm shattered
Quarantining NY people from traveling to FL makes no sense when we don't have a statewide lockdown and the virus is already here. How about DeSantis does his job and quarantines statewide, first?
China faces a 'reckoning' after virus scandal... 
If anyone you love dies of Corona and you blame China and not your own govt. for not blocking flights (because every conservative liar & shill is calling it the "China virus") then you are a moron. You are beyond stupid and beneath contempt.
The people with the virus will not be treated on the USNS Comfort. The ship will be used for people having operations and others things other than the virus. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
"The real question is not whether the virus is 'good' or 'bad' for climate, or whether rich people will take fewer airplane flights, but whether we can create a functioning economy that supports people without threatening life on Earth" @meehancrist  …
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the kpop stans at this time
If you are a small business struggling due to Corona Virus, the new Paycheck Protection Program lets you take out an SBA loan to cover 8 weeks of payroll, rent and utilities. This includes the cost of re-hiring laid off staff. After 8 weeks, the loan is FORGIVEN. Details: 
I have a friend who’s not expected to live through the night. Caught 19 in the hospital for another issue. Taking this virus seriously is vital for all of us.
. @CaseyBriggs brings us a quick snapshot of the most important data that shows how Australia is going in tackling this virus. #Insiders #Auspol #Covid_19 
You know how it used to be “the Chinese virus” in Trumpland? We’re transitioning. The next scapegoats will be New Yorkers.  …
It's indeed a dead cat bounce & a fake head rally in a persistent bear market. Virus/macro news 2 surprise to downside Investors should brace for another market dive The equity rally reflects too much faith that policymakers can offset coronavirus effects  …
Indeed one can only get contracted by the corona virus by the will of God, but that shouldn't be a reason not to take a preventive measure or pray harder. May the Almighty heal our brothers and sisters out there and protect us all from CoronaVirus.
260 deaths in 24 hours is because we should have shut down earlier, not harder. It’s likely that every person that has passed away would would have contracted the virus before the lockdown. The media has a responsibility to report this stuff properly. Lives depend on it. 
Boris Johnson is now saying he may have to tighten restrictions because we’re not being disciplined enough to halt the spread of a virus that a fortnight ago he was telling us all to catch, because herds... it’s such a naked attempt to wriggle out of responsibility
"On Feb. 26, a top federal official told the  that Canada had COVID-19 under control. “We have contained the virus,” said Dr. Howard Njoo, deputy chief public health officer of the Public Health Agency of Canada."  …
How many times was Trump dropped on his head? "This, um, whatever they want to call it. You can call it a germ. You can call it a flu. You can call it a virus. You know you can call it many different names. I'm not sure anybody even knows what it is." Donald Trump on March 17
COVID-19 gives the lie to global health expertise - The Lancet this imp story. A virus with no brain smarter than some world leaders. wasn’t a failure of critical health planning and infrastructure. This was clearly a failure of leadership not health.  …
You can’t get the virus if you’re in the gaff eating Pringles
Because everyone in the US is quarantined, Star Wars has returned to its natural habitat We are the virus. 
Dear Good people of Kaduna State, The struggle which Malam @elrufai had been doing; the measures he had been putting in place, which some see as restraining and oppressive; all have been for the good of we the masses. Malam Nasiru didn't contract this virus within his home.
Queen Elizabeth too?? Wait.. What If the testing process is what gives you the virus and china already knows this and they predicted that as usual, only the elites will be tested so they seized the opportunity to wipe out all the elites in order to gain world supremacy? 
“Build a bubble of protection.” Despite evidence from B.C. that appears to show it is slowing the virus, Canada's top doctor says Canadians need to keep physical distancing. Read more:  
Scientists disagree with each other all the time, so of course they disagree on a virus no one really knows much about. Problem is that journalists side with those who confirm their preconceived biases, giving the public only one source of information, & not often from the best.
Corona virus has done 2 things Brought out the best in people Brought out the worst in people
It's astonishing how dishonest the media is when they report the total number of Chinese Virus cases in the United States. They use zero context. They just report that we lead the world. Things to consider below
IKR it’s really ridiculous that ppl with the same virus experience some of the same symptoms that doesn’t seem right does it
An infant who tested positive for the coronavirus has died in Chicago, the authorities said on Saturday. It's the first known death of a child younger than one year old with the virus in the U.S.   …
Three Covid 19 cases in Libya. One new,case in Tripoli a man in his 40s and a Misrati women in her 30s. The woman has not travelled. She caught the virus from someone else in Misrata. It's here folks spreading silently between us. Stay the heck home.
Here's how karma works: Having impeached Trump 4 no reason, Dems have categorically ensured that he not only wins reelection N a landslide, but that they lose the house giving him a clear path 2 implement his agendas. Then the virus occurs & Trump's seen fighting it on TV 24/7.
Cunts are INSANE :)))) he's actually ko on insta he has corona virus :)))))) 
Trump considering quarantine of New York, others  … @washtimes NEW YORKERS CAN THANK Mayor deBlasio, NY Health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot, John Liu & Brian Cavanaugh for ENCOURAGING them to mingle in big crowds in the midst of a contagious & DEADLY virus.
An infant in Illinois died from the virus. The first infant in the whole U.S. & y’all still think this a joke & keep doing whatever y’all want putting y’all selves & everybody else around u at risk... chileeee y’all different
The ghastly consequences of the herd immunity policies adopted by @GOVUK play out. The  from nature. The policies to counter it were made by governments. Some did very well. The UK and Australia did not. @BBCBreaking @abcnews  …
YOU SERIOUSLY BELIEVE ONE MILLION TROOPS ARE FOR FIGHTING A PHANTOM VIRUS???? SERIOUSLY? No! One million troops are for Americans! WAKE UP! Trump authorizes DoD, DHS to call up reservists to fight virus!  …
This year Beijing’s dictators have: 1. covered up a virus killing k’s and costing £m’s. 2. spread lies hampering a global response. 3. set out plans to centrally control the internet by changing TCP/IP It’s only March Still sure embedding @Huawei 5G is wise? #DontNestTheDragon
Please don't do this unconstitutional step for a virus humans will face until the end of time. No-one can protect us from getting this virus not even you. Slow the spread? Already done. Treatment protocol? Now in place. Our constitution does not say "unless you're scared all men  …
My sister lives in Mexico for 6 months of the year. Her American neighbours are telling her that they honestly believe that the Chinese gov is sneaking the virus from Canada into the US.
China created chinese virus peoples of delhi created Aam Aadmi Party virus #ArrestKejariwal
How do you say thank you China for destroying our flower industry in Dutch? bedankt China voor het vernietigen van onze bloemenindustrie! Sign this petition to demand China to pay reparations for #Wuhan virus damages.   …
The virus has now claimed the life of a child less than a year old.
“the government warned that shutting down the economy was just as deadly as the virus itself” - opening with a Morrison government lie. Cool cool. #Insiders
I want to note that some have a misperception that this virus will magically peak in 2-3 weeks. That is NY only because the state aggressively testing and quarantine. The steep curve continues unabated most other places.
all you “i need my nails done” girls better not be racist towards your nail techs when we get outta this quarantine. i don’t wanna hear any of that “speak english” or “that virus came from your people” type shit
If you see this DM don’t click it it’s virus and hacked, don’t click it ignore it RT to spread the word 
"My biggest fear right now is not getting the virus. It is the thought that there will never be another day when I am not angry," @DanDrezner writes in 
Dear Pakistanis! Please appreciate that policy making in your country is so much better! This could have happened to you with less thoughtful deliberation! Hunger and spreading of virus! @ImranKhanPTI @PTIofficial @YusufMoeed @MoeedNj  …
Luis, a pesticide applicator is out in the fields working & says, "I'm concerned the #coronavirus can infect me and my family at home. My employer gave us information on how to protect ourselves from the virus, but I can't stop worrying." 
**Spain sees 832 virus deaths in single day; world economy plunges into recession 
Because everyone in Porto is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the virus 
Dr. Ashish Jha, the director of the Global Health Institute at Harvard University, discusses the problem with reopening the economy: “The virus doesn’t care if you’re a Democrat or Republican. The virus is going to run rampant.”  #inners
GOOD NEWS: 90-year-old resident of nursing home hit by COVID-19 recovers from virus 
Law currently says women must attend a clinic to access medical abortion, with the supervision of two doctors But experts warned of health crisis due to mass closure of clinics + risk of spreading virus by leaving home Now women will get pills after telephone appointment (2/3)
The climate changers give China a free pass on everything. Pollute as much as you like. Now that China has infected the world with a deadly pathogen. Same thing. It's the Chinese Virus. Or Wuhan Virus.
We have 9 months left in the year. In order for Wuhan virus deaths to catch up with flu deaths, (let's take the median estimate of 36,000), 4,000 people will have to die every month for the rest of the year. And that is just to get to normal flu numbers.
Reacting to the #COVID19 pandemic, Russia claims to have closed its borders. But the frontier between Russia and the parts of Ukraine Russia has invaded remain open. Ukrainian citizens in occupied Crimea and occupied Donbas now face a double threat: the invaders and the virus.
Indian policeman wears a corona virus themed helmet in efforts to prevent the virus. 
I know a lot of people are digging on military leaders screwing up their response to the Virus so I wanted to highlight one of the great responses. COL Logan and COL Munroe from Fort Stewart’s Installation and Winn Army Medical Center are doing virtual town halls M-W-F 1/
I thought it was because of a virus oh  …
Dear NCDC, I am serious I have symptoms of Corona virus. Please do you have center which is conducting test for corona virus in Borno state?  …
Good example: Young girl of 21 last week died of 'Corona Virus'. Except she didn't. She died of a heart attack. One of the  that she'd had a temperature, and the coroner records the death as 'corona virus'.
Can this f*cking idiot please just stop until Canadians are on the other side of this virus? There’s enough fear and anxiety without this dummy fear mongering over nothing. It’s not the time, Scheer. Canada, just think how close we came to this reckless idiot governing Canada.  …
I want to note that our Prime Minister just announced that social distancing is WORKING! The number of corona virus cases has dropped! So as much as this absolutely SUCKS, and as much as you want to hang with friends? Resist. Please! If we resist now, the sooner we can reunite
Exactly - virus must close down NY BUT virus is not dangerous enough to have a signing ceremony with dozens of people in close proximity while handing out pens. He’s awful
I put a request in for some PPE for the team (16 PCs and 2 Sgts). I asked for coveralls, masks, gloves, and hand gel. Just basics so we can protect ourselves and not take the virus home. I have been given 6 tubes of hand gel. We are also using cleaning products from home. 
People think this virus is a game or hoax Until it hits close to home. Then it starts Getting Real. Please stay at home  …
Le Monde’s investigation into how an evangelical mega church gathering in the French town of Mulhouse, attracting 2,500 faithful, played a devastating role in spreading the virus.  …
They are saying newspapers are safe to read at this time. But the newspapers are a virus, spreading right wing propaganda.
Not social distancing appears to work really well to spread the virus.
Has China lied about the #of deaths from the corona virus? Why did they have 10,000 urns delivered if they claim only 3199 deaths?  …
Well DeSantis & his public health sysyem are  fools so it’s better for everyone that  to So Cal where we have a proper scientific process in place to mitigate effects of spread of virus. Bc of our social distancing rules, it’s not as bad as in FL right now.
After corona virus shi and my parents ask me where I'm going to? Me:  …
Her view (and that of other medical professionals) is that masks won't necessarily prevent you from contracting the virus, but if you have the virus a mask will stop you from spreading it.  …
The Canadian carbon tax will increase by 50% in 3 days. The Canadian economy cannot handle a 50% increase in taxes(without massive increases to inflation) along with a partial shutdown because of the Corona virus.
Australian Reporter Rita Panahi Takes the WHO, Chinese Regime to Task Over Coronavirus Lies China was so worried about making sure they weren't blamed for the virus that they did everything in their power to keep whistleblowers quiet.  …
He does understand that shooting at the virus won't kill it...right?
 effort and public health initiative in Tripoli, Lebanon. Rhyming translation: Won't shake hands! No, we won't kiss! Ain't gonna transfer no virus! 
 … my art aid to Corona virus
I believe we were infected with the virus but it peeked in December or January. Now I believe President Trump and other Patriots are using this time to round up the bad guys. Trump keeps saying we are in a silent war and I believe we are in the storm. The best is yet 
idk why some of u think you’re fucking invincible like “oh it won’t happen to me” you 100% can get this virus. have u ever seen the entire US shut down like obviously it’s serious???
I just want everything to go back to normal, when there was no panic,when men could go to the mosque and pray,when people could shake hands and relate freely,may Allah have mercy on us and bring an end to this virus.
On average a person with corona virus will pass it on to three people, those three will pass it on to three each (nine), those nine will pass it to three each (27). By the time your virus has been through 10 transmissions you have infected 59,000 people. (contd)
And it's not just the virus. It's the next bomb from Alberta's  …
Thank you NY Senator Kirsten Gillibrand for joining me on #PoliticsNation to discuss the coronavirus pandemic, virus testing, and more. 
E.Europeans are needed now or fruit & veg will remain unpicked in British fields. Big disruption has been caused by corona virus & 90,000 vacancies must be filled. Many left after the brexit vote & for some strange reason they don't want to return to Britain Selfish ingrates
A Qanon hypothesized: White Hats found out about the plans for this C-Virus Bioweapon, and unable to stop it, simply co-opted it for The Storm aka mass arrests of Cabal, FedRes takedown, etc. Trump is both protecting the public from the Virus (real) and any retaliatory FF events.
Folks this graph is critical to understanding #Covid_19. Too often we see “cumulative cases” which does not tell todays story. “New cases” or “incidence” is better. But best to guide action is ACTIVE CASES = sources of virus = (total cases minus recovered cases minus deaths). 
Trump was wrong. He was irresponsible, late & reckless. But to hear liberals, who whined about the virus' origin or mocked guys like me as "conspiracy theorists" (b/c we focused exclusively on this issue since Jan.) now parading as experts.. #TrumpGenocide? You were wrong too.
NEW: Rhode Island Pulls Over New Yorkers to Keep the Virus at Bay (w/ @NeilMacFarquhar @PatriciaMazzei  …
Thank you @NCDCgov with the updates. But it will help d public if the narrative of d confirmed cases are known. Either returned travellers or their contacts or even the confirm cases of unknown cases. This will enlighten the public to kmow how fast d virus is spreading.
My column. Can we begin by lighting up the sails of the Opera House to honour the health workers?  … via @smh When virus cases  down, we can start looking up  … via @smh
This virus is so cruel. Nothing but the devil.
A huge thanks to @florian_krammer for providing us the SARS-CoV-2 Spike (S) protein plasmid. We have packaged MLV particles pseudotyped with S that can be used for tropism as well as virus (entry) inhibition studies in BSL-2 settings. @UMMCnews @DipanwitaMitra9 
Corona Virus can’t kill me.. because I died February 6th, 2011 
Thousands of Ash Urns at Wuhan Funeral Home Fuel Further Skepticism of China’s Virus Death Toll Bottom line : We just don’t know truth  …
Princess Maria Teresa, a member of the Bourbon-Parma Royal Family in Spain, died Friday at age 86. She had tested positive for the virus and her younger brother announced the news she died from COVID-19.  …
I'm an Italian illustrator and I made this for those who are fighting the virus on the front line. 
This virus is really showing how ignorant and selfish some people really are
When diagnoses and deaths from the virus spike in a week or two, please refer back to this.  …
Anyway, I thought Kelsey's writing on the virus was some of the better stuff out there even in the early days. I don't think anyone can fairly accuse her of fostering a sense  despite Vox's broader misbehavior there. Please don't make her be the scapegoat for this!
So Trump's pandemic response so far has: -Caused a needless rush on malaria medication, leaving people who need it without -Left states scrambling for scarce medical supplies -Threatend a quarantine on specific states, causing panic that will spread the virus further
De Blasio encouraging his constituents to spread a deadly virus to eachother. This video is from March 
It's framing right? He's not painting the virus as the risk. It's all the fleeing New Yorkers. He's "othering" his own citizens.
Sorry, no. Ask those other EU countries cruelly thrown to wolves such as Italy, Spain. PS Europe isn't EU and European solidarity, indeed international cooperation is happening and should happen in finding antidote to virus etc
Yeah, this is TOTALLY FUCKING NORMAL for a virus that's killed a fraction of what the seasonal flu has this year... GTFO. This is some skynet level Terminator shit.  …
@GovRonDeSantis’s failure to close Florida beaches is one of the reasons this virus is blowing up. He’s been exporting the virus and now wants to blame outsiders which is very on brand for the @GOP.   …
He walked out from the  unchecked in February, I thought this is not going to end well. Today they said 20,000 deaths will be a good result. Singapore have had the virus a month longer and have 2 deaths. Tens of thousands dying for no reason is beyond shocking
Corona Virus is an indicator that some of our theories are wrong. 2 plus 2 is not always 4 and God is the ultimate controller of all things, all things!
Just so I understand: TRUMP: Virus is not serious enough for me not to hold expensive Easter brunch at my hotel among many hundreds of random strangers ALSO TRUMP: VIRUS IS SO DANGEROUS THAT ALL OF NY, NJ, AND CT MUST BE ON TOTAL LOCKDOWN
Families of NYers who die from this virus should file a large civil suit against these monsters who encouraged sick people in New York to spread the virus to as many others as they can 
Virus reportedly racing through Beersheba old age home day after resident dies  …
Andrew Cuomo just now on CNN pushing back on measures against New York, defends his lockdown of New Rochelle saying it wasn't to contain the people, "it was to contain the virus." That's a silly thing to say.
So what about this Corona Virus thing then?
Because why just fear that a virus will kill us and our beloveds when we can also fear our right-wing neighbors?!
Small brain: I’m sad he got the virus Normal brain: serves him right for being Boris Large brain: he didn’t get the virus, he’s shamming Galaxy brain: THAT’S NOT EVEN BORIS  …
The NCDC figures on Corona virus is not accurate, there is a 12yr old at LUTH currently undergoing treatment. The meds practitioner attended to him unprotected and hv been told to isolate. They didnt think his respiratory illness was Covid19.Kid tested positive.
Um, Njoo said on Feb. 26: "We have contained the virus."  …
Multibillionaire David Geffen wishes us well while 'avoiding the virus' on his $400 million yacht  …
1) China travel restrictions only happened AFTER US carriers cut flights. 2) Trump continued to downplay the virus for seven weeks. Seven. 3) Ramping up testing and and ICU beds and equipment when he learned of the threat would have avoided some of what's going on now.  …
ONE MILLION TROOPS ARE GOING AFTER AMERICANS!!!! Trump authorizes DoD, DHS to call up reservists to fight virus  …
Let’s remember that very few Arizonans who have coronavirus symptoms are even getting tested. We also know that @azdhs expects a massive hospital bed shortage in April/May. Why isn’t Arizona taking more action to protect its citizens and slow the spread of the virus?  …
"Some of the next  are being formed at home by individuals who are using the virus home quarantine to better themselves" - Howard Lindzon (StocksTwit/VC) (during todays #ChartSummit2020 online conference)
Well, here’s whats crazy - @GovWhitmer deciding she’s going to send Coronavirus patients from Detroit to hospitals across the state vs. sending the non-infected patients. So looking to quarantine people in NY, NJ, & CT - while she’s deliberately spreading the virus across MI.
MAP: Coronavirus hits NY’s poor neighborhoods the hardest The map shows the biggest share of people testing positive for the deadly virus are in a swathe of the poorer neighborhoods, which stretches from Brooklyn through Queens and out to the Rockaways. 
Because it’s all a fake show. 5G causes the flu like symptoms. The vaccine for the Corona Virus contains the 
It HAS India. It's been five years now. Don't you remember? The time confusion is part of the virus, I mean....oh no, we've lost you...
Avoiding the virus. Hope you are too. 
I’ve noticed a big increase in the last 24 hours on Twitter of folks who’ve fallen ill or have family and/or friends who are battling the virus. It’s no hoax. It’s no joke. Know mathematically that the worst is yet  Please be safe people. Big love to you all. Good night
I'm concerned Twitter may block virus skeptics. Please take a moment and sign up to follow me on Gab in case that happens. (This appeal yesterday seems to have been erased.) 
Remember when people were posting flu stats to downplay Covid-19? Turns out, you can’t “All Lives Matter” a virus.
Ron DeSantis is a huge moron. 1) New Yorkers who spend enough time in FL to flee there will likely have Florida plates or be using a locally secured rental car, which wouldn't have an NYC plate. 2) The virus is  spread in FL. This won't help.  …
If you would have told me 2020 would bring the death of Kobe Bryant and a virtual shutdown of the world because of a virus causing a QUARANTINE in New York and Lockdown in India I would say take me back to 2019. #wtf #coronavirus #endoftheworld #lockdown
My prayers are with the family of this New Mexican. I ask all New Mexicans to include the sick and their families in their thoughts – as well as the health care workers and those others on the front lines helping protect us from this virus. Stay home. Save lives. #AllTogetherNM
Thee governors of Florida and Texas are shy about testing for the #TrumpVirus because they don't want to displease trump...so the virus spreads and more people will die  …
Because everyone in Italy is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the Virus 
So when April 7th hits are y’all just gonna start going out like usual? Cause uh just because the lockdown ends on that day, doesn’t mean the virus ends on that day. Please stop being freakin’ stupid and stay tf inside.
On this week's Made Right Here, A  is staying open as its 50 employees make products that can help in the fight against the virus.  
The Asians said, "Wear masks to help stop the spread of the virus." and everyone in Europe and North America laughed. Well, nobody's laughing now. I mean, the Asians could be, underneath the masks, but we can't say for sure.
I thought you left Microsoft to focus on global warming and the environmentbilly I didn’t know it was to focus on covid the virus you created? 
Someone sit @AndrewScheer down and explain, in simple terms, that sending PPE to China to help them to contain the virus was PROACTIVE protection of Canadians. It would have been IRRESPONSIBLE not to. China is sending PPE to Canada, and Bank of China just donated more.  …
Ya ALLAH Protect Us & Entire Muslim From Corona Virus. Ameeeen!!! #Covid_19 #CoronaUpdate
Donald is no longer a threat - he's a deadly virus...  …
This is a god awful take. We signed up to help people. We didn’t sign up to go into battle with no armor. I’ve used my single use mask for a week. You gonna willingly go into a gun fight with a butter knife? You are grossly underestimating this virus.
No, some Satanic elite entities had the virus created in a lab to push their satanic agenda of enslaving people. Satan exists and his purpose is creating misery. Don’t blame all bad events on God, Yahweh. The devil’s influence and power runs to the absolute core of society.
If scientist are serious about finding a cure for Corona virus they should be studying Keith Richards immune system. 
Some in media seem to be rooting for medicines not to work against Wuhan virus. That’s pretty gross.
From today’s numbers, it appears likely the US will hit 2,000 deaths soon, possibly by the end of this weekend. The virus wasn’t preventable, but it was capable of being managed better had there been federal government leadership. Americans should be mad as hell. I know I am.  …
African politicians blaming Coronavirus re why the economies the countries they manage will be in shambles post the pandemic. Are telling a half truth and should start by owing the fact they too are the virus that has most African nations in economic disarray...
Very good point @zeynep A friend of mine in China says that everyone is wearing a mask of some sort now in order to avoid getting the virus. #coronavirus #Covid_19 #COVID19toronto  …
I pray this virus goes away fast so we can get back to normal life
CORONA VIRUS: GOVERNOR SANI BELLO TESTS NEGATIVE...REMAINS IN SELF-ISOLATION TO STAY SAFE. Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello has tested negative for the dreaded Corona Virus disease, otherwise known as 
Have any MAGAts killed the virus with their AR-15s yet? #SaturdayThoughts
BREAKING: 12 people tested positive for COVID-19 at a Yucaipa nursing facility where an 89-year-old woman died of the virus  …
COVID has made houseparty and tiktok unavoidable now. Just another reason to hate the virus in my books. otherwise in great spirits folks - i do really well with cooped up...
This virus is KILLING our oceans! We can do better than turning our planet into a toilet. A new mask, repurposing the VO2 analyzers can use an array of filters that can drastically save money + provide a much better fit. Please retweet and let sport science be used to save lives. 
Some Asian-Americans in the Twin Cities and across the nation are facing hostility as the U.S.  the country with the largest number of cases of COVID-19, caused by a virus that President Donald Trump controversially dubbed the "Chinese flu." 
Turkey's Erdogan replaces transport minister amid virus outbreak  
Trump considers quarantine on New York to stem virus spread  …
Jon Jones case could potentially be dismissed due to Covid-19 virus  …
Worried about catching the virus from cash? Fill a bowl with equal parts bills and coins and microwave on high for 10 (ten) minutes.
What are people worried about? Just stay home and don't go out. Have everything delivered. Don't whip yourself all up. Don't worry about it until you have to. Sanitize, wash your hands, distancing then relax. If you don't go out, chances are you won't get the virus.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE must sue the Congress member who added the $25 Million to the “Virus Bill” and sue @kencen for theft & fraud
Dear Carona Virus, You have made one big mistake. You underestimated one of the strongest forces of nature... THE NURSE. Saud 
brooklyn journalists leaving NYC trying to justify spreading the virus to small towns  up with the idea of manifest destiny
Signed Tommy. I’ve been ill with the virus, 3wks ago. Caught at work in A&E. Back at work. Still no proper masks. 120 staff on our Rota. 40 of them sick. 3 seriously unwell w/ 2 of them in ITU. Cummings policy: staff must only wear PPE if they can prove patient has corona. 
XXXtentacion was my favorite rapper. When he passed away my friend laughed at his passing, today his mother died from the Corona Virus. God works in mysterious ways
So what is really going on? I don’t want to dismiss the severity of this virus and the ones lost to it but something doesn’t add up. Seems like the media is trying to stoke the panic even more in the hopes of discrediting Trump. Again.  …
I’m not ever scared about this virus, I’m aggravated.
"The coronavirus has already made people of Asian descent around the world targets of racism and fearmongering. Characterizing the virus as Chinese only exacerbates the problem..." A good read on why naming a disease after places has dire consequences, including fueling racism.  …
Ntsiki clearly doesn’t realize that this virus spreads faster than she thinks. SA is simply implementing best practices based on what has worked in other countries. This is not the time for as President to be pleasing everyone. #CoronaUpdate #StayAtHomeSa
I also remember that Bernie Bros were so busy attacking Warren online, even after she had left the race, to actually go out and vote for their candidate, so that now he's just a spoiler in the race, hoping against hope that the virus will do what they couldn't.
This photo, taken on Ormond Road in Cleveland Heights, depicts a new way of socializing that has emerged during this time of virus. People  out of their homes and gathering in little groups — while practicing social distancing, of course. 
A searing indictment, fact by painful fact, of Canada’s response to #Covid_19 threat: The road to Canada's COVID-19 outbreak: timeline of federal government failure at border to slow the virus | Edmonton Journal  …
Good to hear people are recovering from the virus. We need more information like this from the media. Present all the information and not just the sensationalist stories. Milwaukee-Area Coronavirus Patient with Mild Symptoms Speaks Out  …
The praise of Ntsiki 's letter jus goes to show jus how much people are uninformed and uneducated about the gravity of what we are facing right now. The PEOPLE Ntsiki claims to be advocating for will be the most hit by this virus. But yazin go off woke gang
I still believe like Doctor Savage that this virus was engineered.
My Bosnian parents have told me about 10 conspiracy theories related to the virus. It’s like a new one everyday
Wrap your head around this. The Media has reported more on a man drinking fish tank cleaner than the incredible results of a trial for a possible cure of a virus that caused a global pandemic and economic crash.
How selfish do you have to be to go on a trip/vacation at this time and then go back to a town that hasn’t been infected by the virus and put all of those people in danger?
Fauci’s coronavirus reality check: “You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.” “You can’t make an arbitrary decision until you see what you’re dealing with. You need the data.” 
To all of the people still unnecessarily leaving their homes and hanging out with their friends, GET IT THRU YOUR THICK HEADS AND STAY INSIDE! I don’t care how young/healthy you are and neither does the virus. Do it for yourselves and for others. Y’all just really get me mad
Covid19 tho..is this some man made virus? Connected to the trade war in some way? The re esurgence of a failed SARS in ‘02? Soon we might all jus have 2 get vaccinated (when it’s found )to get The Covid Shot. Ie: the yellow fever shot(That’s a money maker).God help us all.
#Covid_19 is the disease But the virus is officially called #SARSCoV2 (“SARS-CoV2”) Aka #SARS The #WHO is encouraging everyone to not use virus name, but instead the symptoms name Who are they protecting? Didn’t we hear rumors of SARS development at Ft Detrick in 2003?
She tested positive for Coronavirus a few days ago and is recovering at home from mild symptoms. Now she's sharing her story in the hopes of halting irrational panic over a virus that is in more than 80% of cases not bad at all.  …
1) "The big mistake in the U.S. and Europe, in my opinion, is that people aren’t wearing masks. This virus is transmitted by droplets and close contact. Droplets play a very important role"  …
If you agree we should bring the hammer down on the virus, please call or write to your elected representatives and make the case. Doing so now will save us all.
The problem with rolling state shutdowns is it prolongs the replication of the virus and our country’s economic pain. We need decisive leadership from the states that have not shutdown or from our Federal government. Every day we wait, we prolong our collective misery.
On the morning of March 18th, in a series of tweets, I urged the President to shut the borders and lockdown the entire country, other than for essential infrastructure, for 30 days to flatten the curve — what some have called bringing down the hammer on the virus.
Due to the limitations in place due to the Corona virus, DSC UNN is having its very first online interactive session on how to land remote jobs and the tools required for it. Tune in using the zoom app for mobile or desktop!  … #SocialDistancing 
A very illuminating story from @ChrisLu44 that bears on the bedlam and fecklessness of the Trump Admin's response to the virus. All part of @talkingfedspod on diff. governments' responses, with @AnneMilgram @AshaRangappa_ and @BarbMcQuade. Link at:  
My ex colleague told me her son said "I'm 11, survived 3 wars & many bombings. What can a virus do to me? I want to live & go outside". She was heartbroken, she asked me how can you convince this child to fear for his health or life? #Gaza #Covid_19
It is with a heavy heart and profound sadness that I report the first two deaths linked to the #COVID19 virus. Our thoughts and prayers are with their families during this difficult time.
The @UN donated 250,000 surgical masks to help New York City fight COVID-19. These are going to health care professionals across the city, battling this virus on the frontlines. More:  
If we know HydroxyChloroquine is the cure... Why isn’t everyone taking it! Right now? Makes no sense. Almost as if [THEY] need this virus to last a little bit longer. #Qanon #KAGA #MAGA
Flash:Corona virus update. Gov @abusbello tests negative. Still to maintain self 
Facts Tell: 1 PRC origin of #virus 2 PRC denies virus,allows travel abroad 3 PRC buys up medical supplies abroad 4 PRC claims to be helping affected countries w aid 5 Affected countries question aid effectiveness 6 PRC blames countries for misusing tests  …
Small bit of good news in today's #COVID19 update--9 persons have recovered from the virus. #netDE
There is a petition circulating for the removal of the WHO Director General because of how it handled the virus and its relationship with China.  …
cases of the virus in fresno doubled, nobody’s staying home, quarantines most likely gonna be extended again and i’m just- 
Trump said the virus would disappear like a miracle... Then he said he wanted a favor in exchange for ventilators... Then Americans finally stopped listening to him...  …
**Turkey’s Erdogan blinks; pulls his migrant army back from Greek border amid virus pandemic 
“this virus ruining my social life i’m tryna be like THIS” 
"Masks" is codeword for Shell Companies: Are  and people WW trying to flee to China with suitcases of money? POTUS says he is talking to Xi about the "virus". The "hidden enemy" hides behind MASKS. 
Why mortgage rates can fall immediately and why the virus must never lead to austerity. Latest thoughts.  …
It didn’t have to be this bad. How the Trump administration in the world’s richest nation with the best scientists failed the first step of controlling the virus: deploying a test for the pathogen. An important read from a stellar NYT team.  …
I don’t know who needs to hear this but once the virus bulldozes it’s way through Florida, Trump won’t have a base there any longer.
Proud to announce that I am now a member  for @BDG_Esports! They will be making sure I'm taken care of and I get to all the events I need to once all this virus stuff dies down. Super stoked to work with them and grateful for this opportunity. #Onebrutalforce
The problem with house arrests: often worsens, rather than cures, the problem. Is that why Iran, without house arrest, is doing better against the virus than Italy?  …
Per @AmerAcadPeds, infants in #China had higher rates of serious #COVID19 than older kids: ~11% had severe or critical cases vs 7% in 1-5 yo, 4% in 6-10 yo, 4% in 11-15 yo and 3% in 16+ yo. Moms don't have antibodies to this new virus to pass to infants.  …
Yesterday I posted a long thread about how you can predict that Trump will use virus to demean, humiliate NYC and create political spectacle out of terrifying and endangering its (Dem-funding, "elite") people. Today threats from Pres re "enforced" quarantine.
Trump is making a serious play with sending the Comfort to NY. Placing non Corona infected people in it to free up hospitals for virus infected. Cuomo will need to fill those empty rooms with the infected. He can’t. Once again, Trumps chess play is epic.
So since they will spy on ppl's phones for Corona virus, there should be absolutely no excuses for violent crime or terrorists being allowed to kill us in the future right?
Can't believe China - they lie about everything. WHO has been so often wrong re virus that they might as well be lying. CDC is run by a guy who thinks Hillary is deserving and capable. And our media will tell any lie abt anything to harm Trump. Why believe any narrative?
So much polarization. I'm at fault as well. Let's please move on from this. I don't think it helps. I already reached out to @atomaraullo and we agreed to disagree. We both agree that the enemy is the virus. Not fellow Filipinos. We need to help each other out. Thank you.
F*king hell they don't stop do they. Even during a global pandemic, people are still trying to fight the old Brexit wars. It's over! The only contribution anyone should be making now is to the national effort to beat this bastard virus.  …
No, @primeshade though I think any question which presupposes that national mass arrest *will* stop the spread of the virus is loaded. Then again, didn't Saddam Hussein used to get 96% support?  …
the way we would’ve had the rain on me single announcement, a performance at iheartawards, and a Coachella performance all this and next month but a virus ruined it all WHEN I CATCH YOU MISS CORONA 
C= controlling O= of R= Virus V= is D= du'a Fajr+Zuhr+Asr+Magri+Isha'i +Sunnah. May Allah heal the world. 
My girl friend Nina is 5’3 ..im 5’5...She jus sent me a pic and sed bcuz of this virus “Shits bout to get real, and I’m fxkn ready”...Shes crazy w OUT a virus, i have my money on Nina No matter who she goes up against 
But is this virus not tired? Please.
Trump had months to prepare our country for this virus and did NOTHING. His policies left us vulnerable and his inactivity assured we'd have serious casualties. Forget about four more years! He should be jailed for treason! At the very least FIRED! #TrumpVirus 
Virus/Invisible Enemy = Deep State War = #TheStorm
The Virus confesses to the CDC in a midnight meeting ---a horror movie released worldwide in theaters of the mind--- #Coronavirus  
We missed out on option 1 which is an aggressive lockdown and testing. Option 2 (vaccine) is at least a year out. We are left with option 3 to create herd immunity through exposing the masses to the virus 
America First Patriot Kris Kobach Believes Democrats are Using the Wuhan Virus Crisis to Push Socialism  …
#Virus Sour Note: After $25 million stimulus, stunned NSO players receive one-week notice from Kennedy Center  …
It's possible that some people who distrust the CDC might listen to Trump, but it's an unproven bet and risks further politicizing the issue. The virus doesn't care what party we support.
The coronavirus pandemic has now killed more than 30,000 people globally, and has topped more than 650,000 diagnosed cases. Tracking the virus:  
I’m convinced many of us have this virus mahn The good thing is we have almost zero deaths recorded. Lord please let it stay that way. Please
. LEFTIST FAILURE - MICHIGANDERS SAY TRUMP SAVING LIVES, but MICH GOVERNOR INEPT Michigan Man Credits President Trump for His Surviving Chinese Virus - Says Gov. Whitmer ‘Sentencing People to Death’ . Leftist 'leadership' gets Ppl Killed ...  …
CORONA VIRUS: GOVERNOR SANI BELLO TESTS NEGATIVE **** REMAINS IN SELF-ISOLATION TO STAY SAFE. Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello has tested negative for the dreaded Corona Virus disease, otherwise known as COVID-19. #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #CoronaUpdate 
Perfectly normal/realistic pandemic reactions that aren't #mentalillness/don't require treatment: 1)grief for lost loved ones 2)fear of getting sick 3)financial despair 4)obsessive virus avoidance 5)anger at Trump  We must seek/give support to face our shared crises.  …
can we uninstall 2020 an install it again ? this version has a virus.
The CDC should’ve contained the virus in NY. We have the most  CDC in the world. No wonder China wouldn’t let them help them. Dr Fauci should focus on doing his job rather than talking to the media.
our president has tested positive for the covfefe virus
corona virus saved cod
Today’s Conundrum Why are some cities threatening jail if you leave your house ... .. and at the same time releasing prisoners from jail .. both due to Corona Virus
I've been telling people of studies in mice with inactivated SARS or subunit vaccines administered by footpad injection - that actually increased lung immunopathologies when the mice were challenged with live virus. May not bode well for spike protein-based vaccines.
Figures Evidence suggests The Spanish Flu started in China as well. Just like in Italy today, the 1918-19 virus "was carried to France by Chinese migrant workers".  …
My teachers husband tested positive for the corona virus and he’s on ventilator y’all pls pray
The Craziest Things About America Highlighted by this Virus "The corporate cronyism of America’s political system has been highlighted with a massive kleptocratic bailout, writes Caitlin Johnstone in this summary of U.S. haywire responses to the crisis."  …
Wow they are openly attacking Dr. Brix? So a strong independent woman isn't allowed to agree with the president of the United States? Maggie you should be ashamed the yourself. This virus is nowhere near as badd as all of you said it was.  …
@GovRonDeSantis directly responsible spreading #Covid19 in FL & allowing spring breakers to party on the beach. He should have closed down all access to the beach and businesses. Now #FL is fighting against this virus which could have been flattened.
The governor of FL is blaming alleged New Yorkers traveling to his state, instead of his own failure to take stricter measures to control the virus in his own state. Sounds like a trumpian move
I'm remembering how everyone was all "trump voters just have economic anxiety" and now that the virus threatens my job security I just check my online banking  1000 times a day to make sure I still have some money but it did *not* make me racist
It is with great sadness that former Islington coach and Club Vice President, Colin Webster sadly passed away this evening due to the nasty virus. Colin was a fantastic ambassador to amateur boxing who was associated with Islington BC and Finchley ABC for many years. 
Most people have no idea if they have the virus or not. Some studies say 50% of those who have it display no symptoms. Given uncertainty, mask-wearing is good & we should encourage more of it.  …
Ghanaians : Ronaldo and Messi are donating to their countries to help fight corona virus, what are Black Stars playing waiting for?? Ayew brothers 
MEDIC!!! Well lovely people seems I have succumbed to this vile virus. All the symptoms finding it hard to breath, temperature going up and up, body aches. Waiting on 111 call back, wish me luck folks, I think ime going to need it
Picture this: its summer, a Friday evening at around 7 pm to be exact, sun is starting to set, you’re arriving at Hodgetown for a Soddies game, the virus is long gone, you’re ready for a couple beers and some helmet nachos. Life is good. im ready for this  true. 
I’m sitting home and crying over the fact that I can’t go out when there are people who won’t live through tomorrow. God I  I’m praying for those effected by this deadly virus
Italy & Iran following same virus path as Wuhan in declining daily #coronavirus death rates: they start at 50%, then drop to 40%, then to 33%, then to 25%, then to 20%, and now 10% (Italy) & 7% (Iran). Note: Iran managed exact same decline pattern WITHOUT shutting down economy.
Evangelicals scoffed at the virus, they refused to stop gathering in large groups. They can’t pray the virus away as the bodies stack up. Therefore, expect them to blame LGBTQ individuals.
I assume "because the virus is very small and difficult to shoot" is one of the reasons  …
This virus fucking up my hoe life.... I mean whole life
My 8 year old said to me. Dad why is the virus only infecting male and females but not the other 57 genders?
You're feeling sorry and praying for pappy kojo cos he's locked down in Italy but @sarkodie who is also locked down in America where the virus is fast spreading de3 u don't even feel pim for him. Rather, u'r here talking trash cos u'r not seeing him tweet abt donating mask. Hate!
Fuck this virus I want u here with me
you sure you wanna blame the virus?  …
Its possible for the Left AND the Right to both have valid points about the same topic 1. Right - Its China's fault that the Covid-19 outbreak occured (they silenced scientists who tried to warn everyone). 2. Left - Its racist to call it the China Virus, and causes hate crimes
The c19 virus will trigger a global economic crash but it is not the cause of it. Six months ago, before c19, a global collapse of capitalism was imminent. Capitalism just does not work. It has outlived its usefulness. Time for Socialism.
TO PROTECT THEMSELVES & OTHERS. THOSE WHO ARE INFECTED CAN BE A-SYMPTOMATIC BUT CAN STILL BE INFECTIOUS. Now, why the hell do so many care what adults do to protect themselves in the face of a virus our gov. decided to downplay and do nothing to stop from entering Canada.
Not only should you be safe out there for your own sake, but be considerate of others! We have to be selfless in order to contain the situation & get things back to normal. Take care of one another by not putting yourselves in places where you can unknowingly spread this virus! 
Days be like: -FaceTime -Twitter -Light virus research -Twitter -Government Walk -Judge families doing it wrong -Share some myths about washing -A meal I wouldn’t normally eat -Phone elderly -Watch some GIFs -Start a fucking jigsaw -Wine on a digital platform -Coma
Ignorance is at its peak these days,imagine saying El-Rufa’i got the virus because he closed down the mosques in the state,please what about the kingdom of Saudi Arabia that closed the two Great Mosques?See as sense they follow some people but they run away from it
Globalism means you're the victim of a Chinese Virus pandemic, and you can buy cheap masks from questionable resources because Capitalism. 
Doctors that have used more sophisticated equipments to have themselves protected are positive to the virus. I am staying at home kawai. I don’t understand what methodology to use again. La hawla wala quwwata illa billa.
The Covid–19 virus has shut down businesses, shut down schools, shut down mass gatherings. it has NOT shut down the church. we aren’t gathering physically, but we are loving our city like never before! the @DCDreamCenter is stepping up, stepping 
Gov Cuomo of NY thinks this is a bad idea or so he says. Yet aren’t the police already at NY’s borders? Seems a wise decision to me to contain the virus where it is rather than let the citizens carry it into other states. Cuomo’s got to go! IFBMKP  …
Dara Kass, an ER doctor in NYC, has three kids. One had a liver transplant, which she says could put him at greater risk. She recently sent them to live with her parents in New Jersey. She's glad she did: she tested positive for the virus days later. 
HELLO TWITTER WORLD. THE CORONA VIRUS HAS NOT KILLED ME
Police keep getting the coronavirus, with at least 6 officers and staff dying from the virus this week. Depts trying to avoid extra exposure are asking 911 callers about symptoms, cutting arrests in some places and not responding to some calls in person  …
Spread the word, not the virus. Help #FlattenTheCurve. Washing hands is one of the most effective ways to prevent the spread of #COVID19. Stay safe, be respectful to others and consider #SocialDistancing. x @ECDC_EU 
"The only way to fight the plague is with decency," said Camus. Lovely column by @NYTimesCohen on the world's silent spring: "The virus, both pathogenic and political, requires everyone to defeat it."  …
*UK: Despite serious shortages of virus testing kits for frontline medical workers, migrant invaders caught crossing the Channel are tested immediately 
The disgraceful thing is that you would defend a party that has systematically degraded the NHS over the past decade to the point where doctors and nurses lack proper protection when fighting this virus.  …
When you step back from it all and realise the entire world has pretty much gone into lockdown overnight because of this virus, it’s madness. Pure madness.
Bureau warns virus crisis could cause surge in crimes preying on children, health care providers.  …
2)....going in my lab when this virus was not yet a big problem in the US. She is currently one of the leads of the pandemic response in my lab. If there is no pandemic Fatima works on antibody responses to arenaviruses and hantaviruses.  …
Sick as hell but my immune system seems to be going mostly after the virus and not me. Have a really high fever and have cried 300x. Breathing fine so far. Thanks for checking in.  …
#whencoronavirusisover i will invent a virus and dash to China.
Corona virus will finish before Ramadan  …
Corona Virus Updates India : 1024 confirmed 915 active 85 recovered 24 death
Humans are the virus. Look at wildlife returning back to its natural habitat. The earth is healing. 
It’s so heartbreaking that Gov El Rufai has been infected with this virus He was the 1st with d courage to restrict movements to and within his state. To be sure, none of the Govs have shown real leadership in dis instance, May Allah grant him shifa & all those who were tested +
Nothing China says means a thing. Like Adam Schiff. If a virus outbreak is natural, u inform ppl, quarantine them, & bring in experts to do what they can to stop the spread. If your mistake caused the outbreak, THAT'S when you cover it up for a month or more & then lie re origin.
ever since this virus hit and classes went online I lost all motivation to finish this semester
when they catch corona virus instead of feelings for you
“Please take this, it is the vaccine for the virus.” Me, gurgling blood: “ha...gfft...nice try, Fed.”
"It’s no different from New York": Urban centers nationwide gird for catastrophic virus outbreak 
Have in mind that these members of the middle and upper classes who’ve tested positive for #COVID19 have aides, cooks, drivers, maids, and cleaners who must’ve already been infected. These groups would’ve already transferred the virus to their families and friends, and onward.
Over the past two weeks, President Trump’s overall approval rating and specifically approval of his handling of the Chinese virus have been spiki Trump’s Approval Is Spiking, And The Left Can’t Stand It  …
A cat in Belgian has tested positive for the coronavirus after catching the deadly virus from an infected owner, officials said.  …
The LameStream Media have renewed their sacred vows of revenge. These vows also include NEVER doubting: the discovery of a new virus; the accuracy of diagnostic tests for the virus; the case numbers; the need for declaring a pandemic; the unchanging wisdom of the CDC and the WHO.
Our thought & prayers are with El rufai & other victims of #COVID19 This virus has changed the whole lifestyle.We missed the way we live our normal lives some few weeks ago. May  to an end & I pray that we never witness something like this happen again in the future.
Imagine if the world came together to fight smoking, drugs, gang violence, children trafficking, and other major items that destroy millions of lives like they have for this virus?
Media is def exaggerating but people are still v sick and dying. Family friend on a vent right now. So it’s like there IS a virus for sure but the magnitude and scope may be being manipulated?
The field hospital at Century Link will address non COVID-19 medical needs to free up our health delivery system to deal with this virus. Thanks to partners at the federal, state and local levels for making this happen.  – at CenturyLink Field Event Center
Swallowing aluminum is not the same as injecting it. Please stop poisoning children by spreading ignorance about the human body. Ironically, this makes you a virus to our health when you blindly regurgitate #CDC lyrics. This is very  …
Many people out with this virus without even knowing Ya Allah save us from this fitna
1. What's especially egregious about the message that ordinary people shouldn't wear masks is that we know lots of people infected with COVID-19 are asymptomatic and yet still shedding virus.
#PanicDiary In Iceland half the tested pop'n had virus without symptoms. Italy numbers say 8% of cases with symptoms end up in hospital. So apply those indicators to UK wd be 8% of half a million: 40,000. On these numbers, we are 7,000 @NHS beds short. Prove me  …
2020 needs a restart in safe mode cause it has a virus. Signed, Nortons
This Scheer tweet is sheer stupidity; Canada donated to China when China was the #Covid_19 epicentre, because we are all in this together. The virus knows no boundaries. Now, China returns the favour. Conservatives are too small minded to ever be in power.  …
CNN: USA is the epicenter for the Chinese virus because we have more “cases”. Reality: we have more cases because we have more people....but Italy has MANY more deaths. 
First infant dies of corona virus in the US the baby was less than one year old reports say
my youngest son (he is 29) works at Amazon, his friend/workmate has the virus, his friend is in the hospital, my son is getting tested at 4 my time. I am afraid to say prayers
President Trump just bid bon voyage to the USNS Comfort. "This great ship behind me is a 70,000-ton message of hope and solidarity to the incredible people of New York." - President Trump God bless the 1,200 medical personnel aboard the ship who will defeat this terrible virus! 
At present, FOX is so deep on my shit list after what they pulled on Trish Regan, they may never recover. Their virus is one that kills itself and they're too stupid to know it. #TrishRegan  …
@realDonaldTrump @VP @CDCDirector #coronavirusVaccine2020 CCP has everything under control.? We are getting word that right before the CCP Wuhan Chinese virus outbreak started "" Chinese citizens and Hong Kong Were about to start a revolution Then the outbreak 
QUESTIONS THAT NEED ANSWERS: WHO unleashed this virus on humanity? WHAT is the endgame? WHERE did the  from? WHEN will the media answer the tough questions? WHY the incessant fear mongering? HOW dufuq did we get to this surreal place in time? P.S. THIS IS PURE EVIL
Hey Dan Andrews..What happened to stay in your suburb during school holidays? The mass exodus to Vic beaches shows how many take you seriously. The peninsula is now a hotspot for the virus..the West coast will be next.  …
While we're all being distracted by this virus, does anyone know what new laws/proposals are being drawn up by our "law makers?" Anyone paying attention? The distraction is real folks, on many levels.
I read somewhere that you could actually get the virus & recover without even knowing, That is also reassuring...
... The Chinese dictatorship unleashed a lethal virus on the whole world, then profits from it, and rips them off at the same time. ... Good people. 
Thank you to all of our health care providers and those who advocate for universal health care. We are all entitled to the corona virus testing and and vaccinations. That includes the homeless, working poor, disabled, incarcerated folks and all others.  …
Virus prevention measures turn violent in parts of Africa  
men are the real virus 
#coronavirus Israel terrorist regime demolishes a corona virus clinic aimed at supporting sick Palestinians SILENCE IS COMPLICITY @IntlCrimCourt @HRW @BorisJohnson  …
Either: a) anyone could be asymptomatic and still carrying the virus B) some people are  and have no choice but to shop for food I understand that we need PPE with the front line but it’s unfair for you to cast such a wide judgement. We’re all doing our best.
Spotted today: wildlife returning to New York city’s subway system amidst corona virus panic and human lockdown. Nature is beautiful 
The little lamp of petition continues to burn constantly at Our Blessed Lady’s altar for the intentions of all those affected by the virus, particularly the dead and the dying. May Her Immaculate Heart be their refuge and the way that will lead them to God. 
They call it “novel coronavirus” Now, folks, I don’t know how a virus managed to write a book but that is a very concerning development.
My 2 cents: I think corona WAS natural, but this version escaped via lab accident. 1. So much covering up & lying by China. 2. If virus cannot live on inanimate objects, why we seeing them sprayed in China & S. Korea? 3. So much more deadly than flu. 4. Young ppl no symptoms (?)
If you're Democrat you are far more likely to take the virus seriously than if you're Republican. This country is insane.
YA ALLAH! Forgive us and Protect us from Corona Virus and all the other Diseases (Spiritual and Physical) Ameen
Don't even say El-rufai got the virus because he has been demolishing buildings/markets or imposing a law of total lockdown. As far as I am concerned, he took necessary measures to make Kaduna great again and also looking forward to our health. I wish him a quick recovery
A study of more than 2000 children with the virus in China found that babies were especially vulnerable to developing severe infection. WHO warns some children develop ‘severe’ or ‘critical’ disease from coronavirus. 2-month-old child tests positive in Nashville
Seeing what is going on in places like FL and LA and other red states makes one really appreciate being in a blue state. I'd rather be in a lock down than in open air virus states.
#ShivaAsks: Who'll defeat the VirUs? #ShivaSays: The Vir-(in)-Us will defeat it. Satyam Shivam Sundaram
So, Ming search 'virus apology' and wonder what caused so many to be so wrong in beginning. Also interesting who hasn't apologized.
About 10% of the roughly 450 shelters in New York City’s main shelter system have now been affected by the coronavirus, officials said, and 70 people who live in the shelters have contracted the virus   …
They lied to us about the number of people infected with the virus and it's starting to show
To win the Kampf against covid-19, it’s essential to trace the course of the virus as it moves through populations. But it’s equally essential to measure its course within a single patient. The one  the many. Count both; both count.  …
Time for my periodic PSA: I tweet New York updates because it is the epicenter of this virus, and *some* of what it encounters may give insight into matters elsewhere. I also  from Kentucky’s governor, and the president.  …
Little Contribution From my side to #PMCARES to Fight Corona Virus. 
At this point, does anyone believe what China is telling us. They gave us this virus, we saw people literally falling over dead standing in their hospitals. Phone service cut off on over 20,000 accounts. Massive amount of urns being delivered. China lies!  …
SO THE NYC DOH & DIABOLICAL DEBLASIO STILL NOT FOCUSING ON WHATS IMPORTANT WITH THIS VIRUS STILL PUCKING AND CHOOSING WHO THEY ARE GOING TO SAVAGELY BUTCHER AT NYCACC. A WORLDWIDE DEADLY VIRUS NYC MAYOR & DOH TWO SPAWNS OF SATAN KILLED SIMBA EVIL =DEBLASIO 
I might take this virus seriously I might not. I may restart the economy I may not. I may tell you the truth but probably not. I may send you some ventilators but only if you’re nice to me. I may listen to people who know what they are talking about...  …
An #APFactCheck examines some of President Trump's medical claims about the virus, including on testing and drug treatments. 
Whatever is happening around the world right now is just more than the Corona Virus. Open your Eyes
PEOPLE ARE NOT AT RISK OF CATCHING THE HOAX VIRUS WHEN CAMPING IN THE WOODS!
America, you could have had anti-virus guru @officialmcafee as president but noooo
Making it home from Publix and Lowe’s without getting the Virus ! 
Remember, many cities proved during Spanish Flu that much more limited measures -- no mass gatherings, encourage social distancing -- more than sufficed to "flatten the curve" of the virus WITHOUT shutting down businesses or suspending civil liberties.  …
Huge impact of social distancing on growth rate of Covid; starting to really work. Next rate down  transfers (isolation & wear masks) & getting PPE to frontline staff & their families to prevent them getting the virus. Help front line; stay home. Get them PPE stock.  …
Somebro say the Soldiers will do this saaa las las na dem all catch the Virus
At this point only prayers can save us, there lots of people out there with the virus without even knowing
This Just In: The Corona Virus or #CONVID19 is a regular virus and not  one. Some giant robots refuse to believe that and have locked me in with them in a TV news room in a quarantine attempt. Because they are stupid. #KNN #KaijuNewsNetwork 
I’m a straight, white, privately educated male. How can I carve out a place for myself in the new nobility hierarchy of victimhood? I know! I will tweet that I have had corona virus!
Swiss virus death toll hits 235 as official says worst case scenario `not yet materialized'  
yall i am LITERALLY screaming. my dad went out to play golf with some of his friends, won the game, and promptly went home to try and MICROWAVE the money he'd won to cook the virus off Just In Case. 
i wanted zombies. this virus sucks. 
This virus wasn’t caused by the climate,   …
DeSantis seems to be blaming those pesky New Yorkers for the spread of the virus in Florida. Why take responsibility when you can blame someone else. This is Trump's playbook.
ok here me out: what if the world is a simulation  and corona is  virus in the simulation?
Hard to believe this @harvardiop forum on #COVID19 was three weeks ago. Feels like three years. @HelenBranswell @juliettekayyem @michaelmina_lab, who warned of ‘most daunting virus’ in half a century.  via @statnews @DrewQJoseph
Corona virus is real ..please stay home.... 
Government asks virus to hold off for six weeks so they can get stimulus sorted  …
If you care about the elderly in  keep them safe. We are all very scared. Alone in our homes We don't mind dying, but not by an invisible virus. Share your groceries and a "Can I help?" It will mean the world to us. Please share this so no one feels alone.
CNN: In Italy, 51 doctors have died dealing with the virus. The largest number of doctors to die from a disease they fought in such a short time. #Covid_19
Talking to people in NY. The virus is real. People are dying. Asthma appears to be a major co-factor. Obesity and diabetes are also contributing factors.  from the hood not the news.
Take note, cities! Not only did #Calgary close 6 major roads to cars & open them to people for social & exercise opportunities while #PhysicalDistancing — they also disabled 50 pedestrian “beg buttons” that could spread the virus. Smart, fast action. HT @AngelaKnightCBC 
This is funny but this virus is forcing everything back to its true state/nature. 
Surely Trumpy telling New York he might put them in quarantine will cause an exodus leading to a further spread of the virus?
Keep staying home if you can Keep practicing disciplined hygiene Keep listening to medical experts That’s how we’ll save lives and defeat the virus together. Don’t take my word for it — listen to Alisha: 
Brother & sister-in-law have the virus. She got it from home-visiting kids with educational needs. She was not issued with protection, they didn't even get hand-sanitisers, unlike the headmaster who sent them out unprotected. When this is over there should be f****ng tribunals.
Conversation with my 5yr old. Jay: Why can't we walk down our favourite path? Is it because of Corona virus? Me: Yeh, it's too norrow. Jay: I don't like Corona virus. Me: Remember the last time we went down it? Jay: Them were the days. #coronavirus 
Retweet If you believe Trump is doing a good job handling the Corona Virus. The media won’t let you be heard & is now censoring White House press conferences to stop Trump’s Corona Virus approval rate from going up higher.
"If homeless people are not taken care of, the virus still spreads," says Rev. Barber. "We need to have a bill that starts from the bottom, it should have this time. The homeless, the part time workers, the people who are still having to go to work." 
I've spent the past decade talking and writing about Exponentials... Now, thanks to a damn virus the entire world groks exponential growth. @singularityu @abundancehub 
On CNN now: 51 doctors have died of the virus.
I had to go out today and wore a mask. And the cashier actually asked me to remove my mask??? This virus is about to get so much worse if people don’t fucking smarten up.
UPDATED: Neither #PopeFrancis nor any of his closest collaborators have the #COVID19 virus, said head of @HolySeePress  
America First Patriot Kris Kobach Believes Democrats are Using the Wuhan Virus Crisis to Push Socialism 
The future is uncertain for Central Americans on the border seeking asylum in America. Migrant camps are potential virus hotspots 
It’s hard to escape the sense that the logic behind covering healthcare for #Covid_19 but not other illnesses seems to be that with this virus, people who don’t have insurance put people with insurance immediately at risk, but it doesn’t hurt rich folks if poor people get cancer.
There once was a ruler most evil Who thrived upon lies and upheaval When a virus came by That cause old folks to die He responded with cruelty, medieval
Sad news out of @MonroeHealth’s afternoon update. Today, we had our 5th death related to COVID-19. As we pray for those who have lost loved ones, I ask that we all remember that each of us has a role to play as we work to stop the spread of the virus in  
Abuti, your tweet is misleading. Please read the Minister's statement clearly regarding how these people came into contact with the virus. It wasn't through treating patients.
Has media paid more attention to #coronavirus than flu because the virus has disproportionately hit people they know or look up to? Have they similarly dismissed economic impact b/c they haven't, and won't, feel it?  …
We do NOT have the ability to quarantine EVERYone  in. No screening is 100% reliable when u can have the virus WITHOUT symptoms - also exposing those working at airports & their families. Developed countries have fallen & IK wants to gamble with 220m Pakistanis.  …
QUARANTINE: Means STAYING IN ONE PLACE. Doesn't mean going to and from friends' houses (even if they aren't showing symptoms they can still be carriers of the virus). It means essential travel only and nothing else. Damn, gonna be in the house till August messin round with yall.
Assembly began today on a field hospital being built at the Baltimore Convention Center to house #COVID19 patients. The facility will be for patients recovering from the virus who aren't well enough to go home yet.  …
Amazon should be bloody ashamed of yourselves you have doubled the price of my dogs food from £10 a box to £20 this is bloody outrageous and I will never buy another item from you Amazon the virus profiteers. Boycott Amazon
Gnite my brothers and sisters of India. We’ll beat this virus together! Be VERY careful but don’t panic or worry, STAY STRONG enjoy your time at home with family and suport your administration in anyway you can, do whatever you can for the less fortunate... lots of luck to all
Time for graduates in health sciences to up war on virus  …
The 55-year-old, who is believed to be the first world leader to have tested positive for the deadly virus, said his symptoms are mild.  …
#drones are not the #future they are here now & they are  a major tool in all kinds of situations. #dubai govt using drones for disinfecting various areas. Covering more area, less man power hence less exposure to #Corona virus. #technology used 
“All anyone talks about now is the virus.” Yes, but don’t you see? The only reason they ever talked about anything else is because they were supplied with topics. The topic supply lines are among the first to breakdown in a crisis, shattering the illusion of individuality.
Dolene Mallam Nasir el Rufai ya kamu da wannan cutar. Mutum ne wanda baya gudun jama'a even though his state hasn't been affected, he worked hard as if the virus was first confirmed in Kaduna. Sadly he he's the first to get infected. A hero i stan
Does he realize people can rent cars? And with the NY’rs they can fly into Georgia & drive into Fla. Stop trying to stop the  into our state. Address the crisis that’s already here! Less than 2% of Fla residents have been tested. #floridashutdown #Floridalockdown
Football in Sanford Stadium in July? The virus ain’t the only thing that’s gonna die.  …
America will be forever changed by the Chinese Virus: -borders will be more secure -essential factories brought back from China -more support for 2A -greater appreciation for family and friends 
Let’s be serious: we can argue about how much masks help. But no one really believes they don’t help at all, or that mask-wearing was totally irrelevant to Asian countries’relative success in containing the virus.
Announcing this in advance makes it less effective. Many are fleeing those states right now, taking the virus with them.  …
Why is it the PM Cares Fund ? And not India Corona Virus Fund ? When people who care are donating! Never misses a PR opportunity. 
Interesting timeline. -A virus starts in China -China arrests doctors -China destroys evidence -China doesn’t shut down travel until after the virus has made it out of their country -China lies about virus’s origins -China now delivers faulty testing kits to world.
Corona virus 2 weeks ago 
. @RonDeSantisFL, blaming NY for this curve wont work. We all watched as you refused to close beaches. Your decisions transported this virus across our state and to other states. As our curve now accelerates, you own this.  …
Babies dying, teenagers dying, adults my age are dying, old people dying. This coronavirus pandemic is sad All these deaths and people still can’t have a damn seat. It’s about preventing the spread. Just because your body can fight the virus doesn’t mean the next person can.
yoooo 3 ppl tested positive for Corona virus at the Walmart on Jefferson Davis
The news alone is enough to give my dad the virus. He has called 6 times already .
Contacted my mother in law.. are you ok .. "Yep" ..she said "Isn't Morrison do a good job " Contacted my Brother.. "Scott's doing a great job" mate I'm glad I'm told to stay the fuck home, it's awful out there folks just awful! This virus attacks the brain #COVID2019
This is insane. Unless the entire country is locked down for a long enough time the virus will keep spreading. There’ll be thousands more deaths than the number reported because testing is being withheld so deaths can be attributed to pneumonia,COPD, etc. it’s deadly fraud.
It's just like how an anti-virus  work. But much more evil than that.
Has all of New York's citizenry fallen ill with the Chinese virus? Are New Yorkers dying by the tens of thousands daily? So it seems when listening to thug Gov. Cuomo, who's more of a talking head, crybaby or Chicken Little these days than a real & effecrive leader. *
Blitz spirit? It's another bonanza for spivs and thieves From loo-roll heists to bogus virus tests, criminals are making hay as the crisis unfolds, just like during the second world war when the crime rate rose by 57%  …
Elrufa’i is doing everything to keep us safe unfortunately he was tested positive of the virus, we wish him & all the people with the virus speedy recovery We’re all with you mallam @elrufai
All our thoughts are with Niall and his family as he fights this terrible virus, hoping and praying he gets through this. 
Anti-Spike IgG fails to prevent viral entry. Instead, it binds to virus, facilitating uptake by macrophages expressing FcR. This leads to macrophage stimulation and their production of proinflammatory cytokines (IL-6, IL-8, MCP1) and loss of tissue-repair cytokine (TGFb). (4/n) 
Governments will need to keep dispensing cash and bear the budget deficit pain — or accept virus consequences 
Is this virus a message? 
30,000 people have now died from Coronavirus around the world. In all this, We would never forget that: China downplayed the virus, China silenced whistleblowers, China gave the world a pandemic, And China ruined many country’s economy.
Mallam Elrufai's owns is even more depressing because here is a man who has been working very hard the last couple of days making sure the people of Kaduna state are protected from this virus. May Allah grant him shifa & all those who tested positive. What a troubling news. Sigh
Millions of Americans trust the plan to end this horrible virus, thank you for all of your hard work!
I've suspected this for a while. Now I'm certain THEMS people will use this virus to hurt POTUS. They stop at nothing to cause damage!
An article from the Alaska Daily Empire about the 1918 flu pandemic from over 100 years ago. Change the date and name of virus and it’s basically the same advice for #COVID19. 
1. Spread virus 2. Sell anti-virus supplies that don't work 3. ? 4. Get glowing coverage in US media
At this point, I really just don’t understand people who are not taking this virus seriously. Then again, Trump, Pence, Dr Brix, even Fauci are willing to get on TV with Trump while flagrantly violating the social distancing rules. So why should anyone else follow them?
2/ maybe twelve hours before her broadcast the Trump/Fox party line shifted from “devious epidemic hoax meant to impugn the paramount leader” to “no one could have saved us from the devious virus like the paramount leader.”
My heart is sore thinking about Niall at this time as he struggles with this Godforsaken virus Sending deep regards & solidarity to his family I don’t need to tell you what a great man he is-he’s not just a friend he’s an inspiration: he’s also a fighter & he’s now in battle 
Trump was the original pandemic and then it mutated into Virus form.  …
Hope this virus is away for picture this in June
Surprising that the world's Best CM and his ministers couldn't arrange /manage good Healthcare facilities in his state. Kerala, please stay where you are and stop spreading the virus to your neighbors.  …
An infant in Illinois has died from #COVID19. This is the first infant death in the US associated with the virus.  …
Innalillahi this really breaks my heart Man of integrity mallam nasir el rufai tested positive innalillahi Ya ALLAH clean,clear and also wipe away this world virus and heal those that are affected. Amin
I stand by our health care workers, and I stand by the science! A “shelter-in-place” order is our ONLY hope at containing this virus.  …
so you can throw me to the corona virus tomorrow i  back leader of the pandemic 
Yoshiki on Instagram: “”I know you are trying hard to restrain yourself to fight against this virus. I believe that your effort... everyone's effort, will affect…” 
We need you to abide by our State of Emergency. Stay home so we can get over this virus and get back to our normal lives. -Mayor Frank Moran, @CityofCamdenGov 
This man knew he was ill on Sunday morning yet travelled to Deeside that pm. He brought with him an entourage some of whom are billeted in Ballater. Press reports say some have the virus. He is guilty criminal irresponsibility. Locals are furious why don't you report that?
New virus cases USA now being reported at almost 1,000/hour. Total infected 120,000 Total dead 2,000 Mortality rate approaching 1.7%.
#Swamp_Bustrs #2138 Wrong Virus!! @lonestarebel @stlpcs @tsunami_eric @bcn4eva @MMchiara @McUkes @anonagain3 @Bamafanaticfan1 @tagruber @emilia_suze @Rbigzs @dawndawn762yah1 @deanbc1 @Leighforusa1 @KI4FDW @garway95 
May Allah grant mallam el-rufai quick shifa’ and any other victim to the virus, and may he protect us from getting infected also. Ameen.
With this ongoing virus I want y'all safe at home with your family! I'm giving away 2 renewal @peachypings keys, so you guys can hang out with us instead of going outside! Rt + like + tag a friend you care about and I'll choose someone tomorrow 
So today i went to my cousin’s wedding at yakasai, and some people were busy shouting “CORONA VIRUS” as they saw me. Guys do i look like corona?? I’m in severe pain
Trump seems to think NYers are spreading the virus to Florida. Not the kids that were partying on the beach for over a week and dispersed to all parts of the nation.
There are 7 coronaviruses (4 are relatively benign URTI's). COVID-19 is the name of the infectious disease. SARS-COV-2 is the name of the current virus. SARS-COV-1 surfaced 2002-2003. MERS (most deadly) surfaced in 2012, but there have only been 2519 cases worldwide.
Is there a tax I can pay to stop the corona virus or does that only work with climate change?
A march? A FUCKING MARCH??? WHEN TF HAS A MARCH DONE ANYTHING?!?!? man why are Americans so fucking stupid yall just made the biggest breeding ground for this damn virus. A walking culture.  …
corona virus cases in the US doubled overnight...
Ah chale this virus worry we ooo like by now Liverpool dey do Inshallah crosses as dem dey down by 2 goals against Newcastle
how can u blame the entire country? besides, people from china have offered so much help and actually listened to the government when they were told to stay inside. So how about you blame the people who ignore these rules and spread the virus instead.
As a donor, I gotta say this isn't your best tweet. COVID-19 is not a food-borne virus (as the story you're linking to points out!), and while zoonotic transmission may have emerged in an animal market this virus was not "caused by eating animals".  …
Does anyone feel that #China has weaponized this virus?  …
I notice he doesn't believe he can catch or spread the virus at all...also what's taking the virus so long.
My glasses fog up when I exhale while wearing my N95 yet somehow this is supposed to save me from an airborne virus ?!?!!?!?
For the naysayers, I just checked the Apple App Store. There is not an app available for HCP with all of the critical resources needed to care for these patients. There are apps for civilians that track symptoms, there are global virus tracking maps. There is no app that provides
This hotelier from Matunga refused to follow the rules! So, we followed him and drove him straight to the police station! The virus of ‘lawlessness’ needs to be cured too. The errant has been detained & legal action is being taken #LawAbidingIsKoolar 
China seeks thanks and respect for its virus response 
"You can't love your country and hate its government." Since more pollution doesn't equal less virus, can't @NRDC sue Administration since order has no rationale and is "arbitrary and  …
El Rufai is also positive? This virus indeed went to greet the elders first.
Due to the Corona Virus, I will no longer be able to shake your hand or hug you. You may however bow down to me or kneel before me....either will be fine.
Why would any country purchase masks or tests from China to protect themselves from a virus China lied about which led to a global disaster? Its like ordering military equipment from Isis. (Remember Isis? They were a dangerous terrorist group before POTUS Trump decimated them.)
While the majority of the world's population is at home until the threat of the virus has passed, some wealthier people are buying out small hotels, renting homes in remote locales or fleeing to vacation homes with extended family members 
Even though Chinese virus has exposed the tall claims of developed Western countries regarding their medical infrastructure, some Indians still look towards these countries for validation. Speaks volumes about slavery ingrained in the DNA of such Indians.
His wife is not with him now, I’m blessed to have met such a beautiful soul. He can’t cook or hang out washing I’ve made a new friend. I feel useful and this virus has brought a about a new me.  …
How many countries has this happened to now? China sold other countries faulty tests now faulty masks to protect themselves against a virus that Chinese authorities allowed to engulf the globe  …
Q2 1/3 Yes, if you don't know: FIV is a virus that affects the immune system that maybe up to 5% of cats get,  though a bite during a fight. It’s an infection similar to HIV in people but we CANNOT give it to people or other animals besides cats. 
A 16 year old girl with no underlying health issues just died from covid-19. Stop thinking you’re immune to this virus just because youre young. if youre not gonna stay home to protect your parents then do it to protect yourself. Do better. your friends can wait
Is a life so cheap ? 20,000 people dying is ok is it? By this Govt? By our media ? These lives mean something to the people that love them !!? !!!! How dare this Govt and the media put a low value on death. Any loss of life to this Corona virus is tragic!!
Trump is testing the limits to his authority in event the virus reemerges or GOD FORBID hasn't subsided by Nov so he can rig the election by suppressing the vote in key states. Trump is diabolical, don't be fooled,Trump is not concerned about protecting us, just his reelection.
FIRST MEMBER OF A ROYAL FAMILY DIES FROM VIRUS SPAIN  …
Anyone who knows Ben should contact him and get him tested of #Covid19 he recently got in contact with Kaduna State Governor Mallam Nasir El Rufai who tested positive to the virus. 
China’s foreign minister Wang Yi told his Indian counterpart S. Jaishankar over phone, "Don't fucking call Covid-19 as ‘China virus’"
Awake beyond midnight. Realisations: -We grew up thinking the US/UK/West are superheroes.Not just in power- in economy, culture, science etc - Took a bloody virus to tell us we are all equally vulnerable, equally stupid. - If we remain selfish political,territorial, we all end.
THINGS THE CHINA VIRUS WILL END FOREVER: - Open Borders - China manufacturing our pharmaceuticals/essential goods - Trusting the World Health Organization - The idea that Socialized medicine is superior to private care - Faith in Media - Nancy Pelosi’s Speakership - Communism
All you can do right now is abide by the regulations imposed by the government, pray for yourself and other brothers and sisters around the globe against the Corona Virus (positively/negatively tested or untested) . May Allah protect us all.
I love how they're all plagiarizing every Churchill speech and making it sound like Trump and 101st Airborne are going to fight this virus on Omaha Beach  …
Some league players still won't wash their hands nor practice social distancing to protect against transmitting Corona but would never ever chase a Singed thru his poison cloud. Bruh... you worried about the wrong virus.
They are all going to get the virus. And then they will give their sugar babies the virus. And then those sugar babies will give everyone in the beauty salons the virus. Except me, because I will still be at home looking feral.  …
Stop saying "the virus dey select who e dey catch". We only got to know their status because they have access to the test kits. Worry for yourself abeg. Word for yourself and stay safe.
Hazbunallahu wa ni’imal wakil... Kaduna state governor Malam Nasiru El-rufa’i @elrufai has been tested positive for corona virus COVID-19. May Allah S.W.T grant him and all the victims shifa’a.
In his debate with Bernie Joe Biden said of the pandemic “This is like a war”. Yesterday in a CNN virtual town hall he said about virus related hardship “You should not have to sacrifice anything.” Which is it, Joe?
Honestly at this point I would just rather die to the Virus.  …
Dear everyone, our PSWs & midwives going into clients' homes need PPE as well. It's a highly contagious virus -- it makes sense to use PPE now to slow spread. There is no point in rationing PPE for "when we really need it" if there are no health care workers left to wear it.
I’m happy that majol is virus free!
The disastrous impact of the virus on Churches in the West is hard to overestimate. The already unstoppable decline in church attendance has been accelerated by several years overnight. Put simply, millions of people won't  back.
May Allah grant @elrufai and every other person affected by this Corona virus. Wishing them quick recovery. Allah ka kara tsare mu da zuri’an mu. Ameen Ya Allah !!!
Thank you! @Masood__Khan Let's never forget that there is always a different kind of dimension when  to Kashmir! I also worry about the occupational army spreading the virus while rotating in and out of the region.....  …
this virus shit is in the way idc im getting more and more annoyed everyday
That virus has done some good --just heard that the business who charge 3 o 4 times for "White Goods" from the poorer folk-- Brighthouse--robbing shysters Eh ?? Have gone bust !!
I've never been so scared since the outbreak of this deadly Covid-19 till I heard and watched the video of Governor El-rufa'i disclosing that he has tested positive. The story really breaks my heart. I pray him and those that have contracted the virus get recovered soon. Ameen
Kaduna state governor Nasir El Rufai a man of excellence, trying all his best to protect his state and citizens from corona virus but ended up caught up with the virus... He recently imposed a curfew in KD all for protecting his citizens. We wish him nothing but quick recovery.
The scary part is not having any symptoms while you spread the virus to your loved ones.
Visor production at the Royal Mint and the view from the Royal Glamorgan next door... From Llantrisant & Cardiff, as questions grow re extent of virus testing for health workers, our latest #Covid_19 report @RoyalMintUK  …
We've found >35 scientific papers that indicate that basic masks can be effective in reducing virus transmission in public — and not a single paper that shows clear evidence that they cannot. #masks4all  
thankful for Patton Oswalt, as brave as he is to have taken his wife's life so she did not have to suffer through this virus  …
See here China’s #fakereciprocity. “We give you the virus and then the “equipment” to manage it.” Note also that Spain and Italy have received junk and  shipments in the last week. #cdnfp  …
Ya Allah protect us from this virus,and grant people that have it shifa.
Thank you @CNN for NOT airing Trump's send off for the #Comfort. Now if only you would do the same for Trump's FREE daily red meat for his base campaign speech and blatant lies to the American people known as the corona virus "briefing". #AirFauciOnly
Did anyone not know how this would end? WTF? Felon Released Early To Protect Him From Virus, Attacks Woman In Her Home  Follow @bluelivesmtr #BlueLivesMatter #BackTheBlue #lawenforcement #law #covid19 #coronavirus
East Africa ! The reason as to why Rwanda has the highest Case of Corona Virus is simply because its a small country ! People are congested Lets keep safe still ! We shouldn’t take this Virus for Granted!
How many corona virus costumes will we be seeing this Halloween?
Brainwashing children with "cLiMaTe ChAnGe" after China infects world with virus to own the Republicans! These people are sick!
Alaji we need more of that TESTING KITS in this country people need to be tested. I am sure many people are moving around with the virus without even knowing they have it. Allah ya tsaremu kawai
Hey @apple, according to  … you are collecting data about “use” of your corona virus screening app from users’ devices (but not survey answers). This is weasel wording and unacceptable. What *precise* data are you collecting, and for which explicit purposes?
Billy Graham's daughter says that God sent the coronavirus virus to make us worship Him. I cannot worship a god who would do that.  …
Medical staffs  long before the virus that they were short on PPDs! Cuomo doesn't mention that!  …
How does  level affect China virus relief, and how soon can you expect that relief? For Arkansans with questions about relief for individuals, this guide can help answer your questions.  …
Isn’t this nice for him? You’d think if his city was being swallowed while by a virus, he’d not be out for a stroll?  …
The bioweapon conspiracy theory is real galaxy brain shit: release a mostly survivable virus that crashes your own economy. Brilliant.
Loss of BBC Scotland bulletin 'concerning' during virus crisis, SNP warn  …
If Trump had *shut up* and *let experts lead* when he first heard about the virus—almost certainly January 3—it's *beyond doubt* that the U.S. infection rate would be lower, total infections would be lower, total deaths would be lower, and new infections and deaths would be lower
Because everyone in Italy is quarantined, the natural wildlife has returned to the water and forests We are the virus 
Senator: WH turned down emergency virus aid in Feb.  …
Summary of efforts to identify genetic determinants of #COVID19 susceptibility, which along with antibody tests (are you immune?) and virus tests (are you a threat to others?) could factor into national, state, or local plans to safely return to work. 
He is asymptomatic and so shall he be till the virus leaves his body IJN. Amen
The way Nana Addo is handling this Corona virus issue de3 Sofo Kyiri Abosom sef get hope pass Mahama oooo...... Chairman make beans
Chairman Go Sleep Inside Coffin For 3 DAYS Now Corona Virus Kill En Client Ey this life
This debacle was orchestrated by 45 to keep governors desperate and drive up profits to corporate suppliers. The fact that it will lead to spread of the virus & unnecessary deaths is NOT part of Trump’s calculation. He could honestly give a damn.  …
Almighty ethiad stadium has been signed to be used as deemed fit in the fight against Corona virus but one small stadium in Lagos can't be used? This hate that has consumed you guys will destroy you, continue  …
flu is on its tail end.. folks do get sick and  and pnuemonia from flu, nothing new!!! its not a new monster virus.. noo where are any hospitals over run or war zones, no busier than the usual. big city hospital ers have always been busy, nothing new
Interacted earlier today with someone who helps me with odd jobs over the phone and I asked if he was practising social distancing. Guy replied that he was but he’s not really afraid because it’s only the rich that are catching the virus. I explained him and hope he understood.
Liberal Cities Under Attack By The Corona Virus...NEW YORK CITY...LOS ANGELES...SAN FRANCISCO...SEATTLE...PORTLAND...NEW ORLEANS...CHICAGO...DETROIT...ETC...WHY?
spending my days trying to figure out if my shortness of breath is caused by anxiety or this virus......
COVID-19: What is a virus? How do they spread? How do they make us sick?  #coronavirus 
This just happened to me today at work, mentally fucked up.... my prayers are with any other nurses or doctors & first responders FIRST HAND WITH THIS VIRUS. 
The virus’s genetic makeup reveals that SARS-CoV-2 isn’t a mishmash of known viruses, as might be expected if it were human-made.  …
Only God knows how many people are already infected with this virus. At this point we can only pray because the next few weeks seem to be bleak. Allah ka kara rufa mana asiri ka ba mu lafiya.
One of the scariest things about this pandemic is that when it’s over Logic will make a song rapping from the perspective of the virus
The second key mutation allowed the coronavirus to grow a protein dagger that can slice through other proteins to make the virus bind tightly to throat and lung cells. This is what made the COVID-19 virus so infectious and deadly to humans.  …
All our thoughts are with Niall and his family as he fights this terrible virus , hoping and praying he gets through this 
Wow! Neoliberal corruption on steroids. Why France is hiding a cheap and tested virus cure. Macron is in bed with Big Pharma to discredit chloroquine & make big profits from the Covid-19 pandemic  … #CoronaUpdate #Covid19 #Coronavirus
Look around twitter and you'll notice a lot of nastiness directed towards the POTUS. I think a good percentage of these people are on Bloomberg's payroll. The President has been excellent at battling this virus. His team is outstanding, 2 trillion is amazing. Trump is a Rockstar!
The amount of people still having parties and going out on the boat in groups makes me absolutely sick. Meanwhile my mom can’t even hold my newborn baby due to not knowing who has the virus. I’m disgusted.
Let’s have your best joke and fuck this Virus off with laughter...best one gets a RT to 122k followers! #YFB
India's own , home made virus, #KejriwalVirus is deadlier than #ChineseVirus19 . India need to find vaccine for #KejriwalVirus first.
Further, if interstate travel is absolutely necessary, our state has directed travelers to self-quarantine to prevent against further transmission of the virus. (2/3)
Exactly how I feel about the horrid Corona Virus stealing the last night of our run! I love Alyssa so much and I wasn’t ready to say goodbye! Thank you @JOJEHARVEY for trusting me with her. Obsessed. 
Heaven knows I'm not a supporter of @elrufai but right nw hearing abt his case I'm weak. Bcause @elrufai has been trying to keep us Kaduna indigenes save from d #COVID19 virus. Allah we believe nd pray to u. Ya Allah we wish @elrufai speedy recovery. My prayers re with his 
Let’s fight this virus by STAYING HOME. - Mayor Susan Shin-Angulo, Cherry Hill 
Hello. I just finished a story and I hope you all can wait until Monday to read it. No Covid-19 briefing set for tomorrow unless  up. Until then, I’m taking my first day off since this dumb virus showed up and hanging out with my new roommate. 
We all gonna have to see a therapist after this virus is over we have experienced so many traumatic events together lmaooo 9/11 markets crashing now this mannn soon as we get our feet on the ground something crazy happen
Nice job @IAGovernor Reynolds for turning our all out fight against the virus political and devisive.  …
This pains more than anything, despite all his efforts to prevent people from having the virus, the bitter truth is he has tested positive for it!! Stay strong my governor, @elrufai Our prayers and thoughts are with you!! 
Ezike is asked whether people can contract COVID-19 twice: "This virus seems to be a stable virus in that it doesn't seem to mutate very significantly. So if you get this virus we think that you develop antibodies within less than a week and we think that will give you immunity."
BREAKING: Katy Perry has been tested positive for POPQUEEN-19. The artist seems to be carrying the virus since 2010, which makes her the only person to survive this long. 
Oh let’s hope something  out of this horrible virus.  …
BREAKING: Kaduna Governor, @elRufai, Tests Positive For #Coronavirus | Sahara Reporters El-rufai disclosed this in a video posted on Twitter on Saturday. He is the second state governor to test positive for the virus in Nigeria. #COVID19 READ MORE:  
This was 2 weeks ago. We really underestimated this virus, may Allah make it easy for all of us.  …
Oh Allah, let the divine water of this rain today wash away all our worries & hurt. Let it cleanse this virus & all evil. Don't test Your might on us, oh Allah. Let health & joy & movement & congregational worship all return in ease. We never doubt Your POWER, oh Allah. Ya Rabb 
Thanks to brain dead twitter I learnt that Indian people (who like everyone else susceptible to getting infected) want the virus to takeover and cause the collapse of our great Trinidad and Tobago
2/71 Jan. 7: The CDC established a coronavirus incident management system to better share and respond to information about the virus. Jan. 11: The CDC issued a Level I travel health notice for Wuhan, China.
Wow I just realised the license plate was teasing the  of the virus ... i am speechless. #COVID19 #Covid_19 (Lady Gaga feat. Beyonce- 
14 out of the 19 eurozone countries are now asking for Eurobonds to finance expenditures linked to the virus crisis. The new 5 ones are Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Cyprus and Slovakia, according to  …
The usual corona virus weekend 
The News Of Governor El Rufai Testing Positive To #COVID19 Really Broke My Heart But I Am Certain He Will Come Out Of This Stronger. I Pray For His Quick Recovery And That Of Many Others Who Tested Positive To The Virus. Ameen
In all these Billionaires who are pledging R1 Billion out of their personal fortunes to help the country fight the Corona Virus, there’s one Billionaire who’s R1 Billion pledge I eagerly await. We are about to be Led !!! 
“The result was a lost month, when the world’s richest country — armed with some of the most highly trained scientists and infectious disease specialists — squandered its best chance of containing the virus’s spread.“  … #COVID19 #coronavirus #Covid_19
Those traveling to their hometowns should bow their head in shame. Let's stay home  this virus
You can't catch the virus if you stay home  
The world would also be a more optimistic place without the news telling us about the virus but I still prefer the world where they did. We blaming the news guy for the news being depressing?
“THE VIRUS DOESN’T MOVE, PEOPLE MOVE IT. WE STOP MOVING, THE VIRUS STOPS MOVING, THE VIRUS DIES. IT’S THAT SIMPLE”- Unknown
can we uninstall 2020 and reinstall it? i believe it has a virus
Pic 1- Chinese Virus Pic 2- India Virus #coronavirus #ArvindKejriwal @ippatel 
I keep hearing the words: “it’s like we’re living in a third-world country”. Most third-world countries have public health systems in place because of recent infectious disease epidemics. Virus doesn’t care what your country classification is. #COVID19
I thought we would have a crazy snow storm in March/April but instead we got a virus
You are praying make the corona virus end so you can eat the girls you’ve been pausing them  Eiii koo
It might be a while but the moment this is all over I’m hiring a dance studio & class is “PAY WHAT YOU CAN” I ain’t letting this virus stop us from dancing again!!
This virus has ruined literally everything.
This virus needs to end asap because i got people to see, traveling to do and restaurants to eat at
HOLD and Remember are gifts from Winner to IC..they knew enlistment  and that the Corona Virus was going to severely limit their exposure and now YG not promoting them at all. It's about TIME. Let's stream our blue hearts out and go all the way to support W I N N E R
#SouthKorea is now reporting less #COVID19 cases than the #Netherlands. Thanks to quick action & a tactical govt response, SK has slowed down the virus without shutting their entire country down. SK's use of the "precision drill" is paying dividends. 
can we uninstall 2020 and reinstall it again? this version has a virus... (for all my IT nerds out there I love you!)
Hey mainstream media, still pouting about how you think the term "Chinese Virus" is racist? Sounds tough. You must be having a lot of feels. What is MAGA Citizen Journalism doing? Oh I don't know, just SAVING LIVES
The virus doesn’t care whether you are young, old, rich, poor, a southerner, a northerner, a Remainer or a Brexiteer – we are all at risk. It's crucial we all strictly follow the rules so we save as many lives as possible.  …
WARNING Seeking to use the virus pandemic as weapon, radical Islamic terrorists are planning to launch attacks while governments are taking time to contain the disease! Europe,USA, Africa & the Middle East  …
1/2 I get a kick out of all the journalists expressing their surprise that politicians and others in power are acting like they know better than epidemiologists who’ve worked on virus their whole careers. This is how the powerful have treated #climate scientists FOR DECADES.
Dear President Trump, Not long ago, you said because your uncle or someone was a doctor, you really understood this virus. We all hope that you can also understand these real doctors when they tell you Easter is too soon. #BePresidential (Cuomo is doing  …
Ya Allah grant him quick recovery @elrufai..we will continue to pray for all those that have the virus and also pray for all this  to an end.. Surely for all difficulties theirs ease...may Allah protect and guide us all ameenthread..his a true leader...the best of best 
6. We enjoin our friends, associates and indeed everyone hoping  and celebrate the day with me to please support government’s efforts to contain the virus. You do this by staying at home, by observing personal hygiene, and by taking all necessary steps to stay safe.
A baby in Illinois has died after COVID-19 infection. "If you haven't been paying attention, maybe this is your wake-up call," said @IDPH head Dr. Ezike. She said there has never before been an infant death associated with this virus and an investigation is underway.
Remember when news of the lockdown in Northern Italy got out early and thousands of people fled the hot zone spreading the virus to the rest of the country?  …
Malam Nasiru elrufa’i tested positive for corona virus?????????????????? How? When? Why and where? No! I seriously can’t get myself to believe this!
Questions that should be asked! Why does Bill Gates hold the patent to the cure for the virus AND how does he  up with the vaccine? WHO is benefiting from this financially? HOW does this affect the Presidential election? WHO is sick and WHY? 
Are we actually this stupid? The hysteria created by the MSM is way over the top for what is actually happening with this virus. The "Pandemic" we are experiencing is a well orchestrated distraction..I'm not saying the virus doesn't exist..I'm saying it is overblown! 
“Right now, the only way to stop the spread of the virus is to reduce the number of people infected, which means reducing the number of people exposed – this is  by staying home.” -Dr. Ngozi Ezike
May God help Kaduna state... Governor El Rufai tested positive to Corona virus Since I am in this state, he is now my governor by proximity so I wish him a quick recovery 
Both @RudyGiuliani & @charliekirk11’s accounts were “temporarily locked for violating the Twitter Rules regarding COVID-19 misinformation.” BECAUSE THEY SAID THERE’S A CURE THAT WORKS FOR MOST PEOPLE (hydrochloride). Meanwhile, leftist News can lie about the Corona virus 24-7.
It's incredible that Taiwan has done so well against the virus, despite not being part of the WHO. What a handicap! Inspiring they were able to  that.
Can’t stop crying Got heartbreaking news today that my friend Kelly lost his battle with coronovirus and sadly passed away People need to realise how serious this awful virus is and stay at home! YOUR NOT STUCK AT HOME YOUR SAFE AT HOME !!!!!!!!
Upon my return to Kurdistan on 14/3/2020, I was tested for COVID-19 on arrival and I self-isolated myself for 14 days. Today the self-isolation period ended, I had my last test for the virus and it was negative. I wish a speedy recovery for everyone. 
Corona and virus
What if I broke it to you that the testing and control of the virus has been better in Pakistan then the UK?! It's a fact.  …
And Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, a top government scientist involved in the fight against the virus, told members of Congress that the early inability to test was “a failing” of the administration’s response to a deadly, global pandemic.
The virus is not airborne but it can stay in the air for 4hrs Honestly errrn this no dey add up
To all those pointing out that Portugal is a poor  to say the UK or the US, yes, this is true, but this is a MONEY SAVING move. Letting the virus spread through unprotected vulnerable migrant populations would cost unbelievably much more.  …
Mallam works tirelessly day and night to ensure the citizens of the state are protected from this virus. Unfortunately, the first recorded case in the state had to be him. Thoughts and prayers are with him, his family and every other person infected with the virus.
The first coronavirus case in Britain was 57 days ago. 56 days ago we shld have ordered more ventilators & PPE equipment. We didn’t.Two weeks ago our idot prime minister was still shaking hands in a hospital. The response to this deadly virus has been pitiful. A national disgrace
When the right decides to pivot from calling in the "China virus" to calling it the "New York virus"...not going to be great for the Jews.
. @GovRonDeSantis has well learned the thug methods of his mentor Donald Trump. He spread virus to half the country by refusing to act promptly to close his state's beaches; now tries to avoid accountability by breaking the law to shut down independent media.  …
A month ago I did a thread on this. CNN: "Experts are raising the alarm that the virus poses unprecedented challenges to the 2020 election, and that time is running out to prevent a disaster....small tweaks to voting rules could tip the scales or trigger a constitutional crisis."
This really breaks my heart.. Mallam Nasir El-Rufa'i in his tireless efforts to prevent the citizens of his State from contacting the virus, he got infected.. May Almighty grant him & every infected individual quick healing. #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe COVID19 is real #Covid19update
“When you talk about any epidemic, it’s not enough to look at the virus or pathogen. You also have to look at the host and environment, and in Detroit you have hosts who are, for many reasons outside of their control, systematically less healthy.”  …
Just in: Kaduna State Governor, Mal. Nasiru Ahmed El Rufa'itests positive to Corona Virus. He happens to be the first confirmed case of the state, my people stay at home, stay safe, this thing is real. May Allah continue to protect us all. 
Everyone should self isolate & stay at home. That’s the only way to prevent the spread of the virus. The virus does not move, people move it around.
Griffin is the Jussie Smollett of Corona Virus.  …
Kaduna is no more safe as we think before , pls and pls it's high time we settle down and abide by the Rule of stay at home and isolate yourself , Malam El-rufa'i has been tested positive for this Deadly virus , May Allah SWT be with you in this trial of hardtime Sir .
Coronavirus Cases — Concentrated on the Coasts — Now Threaten America’s Middle Mayors, county executives and governors are sounding the alarm, and struggling for the right response, as the toll of the virus grows. #TrumpLiesAmericansDie  …
We need the PPEs, ventilators and equipment now to battle this virus. @FoxNews #Covid19 #Coronavirus #NewOrleans #NOLA @nolaready
106 pilgrims have finished their 14 day quarantine period in Sukkur & their corona virus tests have  as negative. These 106 pilgrims are being released from the quarantine centre after propers tests. #CoronaUpdate
can desi parents decide wether they wanna call the stupid virus a yahoodi saazish or allah ka azab
Not only can't we keep ourselves safe but when we get this virus & aren't yet symptomatic FOR WEEKS we'll be transferring it to other healthcare workers, other patients & our loved ones at home. All of whom will then spread it around  This is criminally negligent.
On Lundi Gras, (day before Mardi Gras) we were told by the federal government that the virus was contained. @FoxNews #Covid19 #Coronavirus #NewOrleans #NOLA @nolaready
