#CoronavirusOutbreak sadly YT is deleting videos that are telling the truth on the virus. Who are they trying to save  party & the evil cabal or victims?  …
Thank you @SenTomCotton for addressing the Coron Virus. We must be prepared for it. If we aren’t, it could overwhelm our healthcare system causing people to die just because they couldn’t get basic care. Aside from the obvious, what else can we do? 
OMG Disinfecting air from Corona virus with heavy chemical spraying machines in Wuhan and Hubei province BM_R 
Meet the American Corona Virus.. Why are they not classified as domestic terrorists yet? #Antifafacists #libtarts  …
WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare program 
BREAKING: The number of deaths from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumped to 803 on Sunday. The toll is now higher than the global number of deaths caused by the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus, which killed 774 people in 2002-2003.  
gemini — always got a certain good energy — these mfs really are the sweetest ppl yall jus get on their bad side — heart of gold — happy virus. all of u. — never ever bored arnd them — rly good at art always — good music taste — always ramble — easy to fall for — marry me. 
Breaking News World Health Organisation issues severe warning of highly contagious ‘Fucking meltdown’ virus spreading like wildfire through Ireland’s media class. Hospitals warned to watch out for individuals with their heads stuck up own holes in a highly emotional state.
Coronavirus death toll hits 805 as virus claims more lives than 2003 SARS outbreak #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Coronavirus has a death rate of .02% and largely only affects people with weakened immune systems like the elderly, youth, and...people with AIDS. I’m so tired of this alarmist clickbait y’all are doing with this virus. Offer aid to China & educate people or shut the hell up.  …
Airborne? We need to see the studies. We also need to tease apart the language which is a bog of interpretation. But, even if the virus RNA can be detected from air samples, that doesn't mean still infectious or in sufficient quantity (dose) to cause disease in a human.
Is it still safe to travel by air during the virus outbreak? Here are some facts and advice given by airlines, airplane manufacturers, airports, and medical experts, which may help passengers to have a safe  trip.  …
Breaking! #Trump Calls 4 Investigation Of #Coronavirus’ Origin #China #confirms 15% death rate as virus explodes worldwide! #AlexJones breaks down Trump’s directive 2 National Academies of Sciences,Engineering,&Medicine..  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
Beware content creator friends, a seemingly  reached out to me for a sponsorship and the file was a virus. Triple check anything you download via email with an antivirus program.
BREAKING: China virus death toll soars to 803, official says (Which means it’s closer to 10K) China is lying their asses off about this virus...
I don't think anyone doubts they are hiding numbers. If the virus is less lethal and less infectious than the flu why hasn't the flu ended up quarantining 400 million people and locking down 63 cities?  …
#BREAKING China virus death toll soars to 803, official says 
Is it possible the elite created the coronavirus Problem reaction solution Create a virus and allow it to spread Get a reaction from the public Create the solution you want which is to vaccinate people which you wanted from the start
Meet the American Corona Virus.. They take control of American streets, hide their identity & attack American citizens with pepper spray, urine, liquid cement & so on.. Why are they not classified as domestic terrorists yet 
mfs from china learning how to  bro you worried about the wrong virus
Coronavirus death toll hits 805 as virus claims more lives than 2003 SARS outbreak - as Beijing starts rounding up sufferers and videos show hazmat suit-clad goons dragging people.  …
Coronavirus live updates: New virus has now killed more people than SARS 
Oohh really? @Ditesh_: WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare program 
Logical View of the Corona Virus  …
>China update for  out >China suffers horrific virus outbreak at the same time Coincidence?
Idina Menzel and Alfre Woodard remind that for the first time at the #SpiritAwards all 5 actresses in best supporting female are women of color. Big roar for nominee Jennifer Lopez for Hustlers. But the winner is Zhao Shuzhen who is stuck in China due to the corona virus.
Did Dr. Li Wenliang, the doctor who warned people about the CORONAVIRUS as early as December, die from the virus or was he murdered? CHINESE AUTHORITIES are investigating his death. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020 ⁦  …
 into lab. Tube clean? Has to be opened. Handled. Lids opened (hopefully in hood), aerosols created. Swabs need to be agitated to get virus into medium. Centrifuging. Split into other tubes. Lids opened. Pipetted. Loaded for extaraction. PPE.
JUST IN: China virus death toll soars to 803, official says. | Via AFP 
As Dawu County emerges as the centre of the corona virus outbreak in Tibetan areas, Tibetans are showing their support for the people of Dawu. 
Thanks for the information. This shows China has lost control over the virus and is burning tens of thousands of dead bodies day and night.
Or investigated any of the Barr kids embedded into our government? Like a freaking virus. 
This is it. World ends by this virus folks. Fulfill your wishes NOW.  …
Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) associated smooth muscle tumors arise in immunosuppressed persons, often solid organ transplant patients. Their morphology is unlike that of  or leiomyoma and they usually but not invariably behave indolently.  
I just watched Contagion, a movie about a lethal, rapidly spreading flu type virus. This movie was released in 2011 and its practically described the corona virus. I am so creeped out...
A U.S. citizen diagnosed with the new coronavirus has died in China in what appears to be the first death of an American from the virus. @mollymhunter  up on  …
8) For extended discussion, @DellAnnaLuca has a detailed thread on this CFR issue. The LAG again is much longer than just 1 week to resolution of the virus unfortunately. Bottom line, don’t go by the naive 2% mortality so far.  …
Flu causes 60,000 deaths in the US in 2018, Corona virus ~800. 
proof for purple haze liking giorno: during the man in the mirror arc it apparently just let giorno carefully take one of the virus capsules off of its hand
the trouble of course is not losing our minds every time a new virus appears, because there will *always* be a new virus. but one of them, eventually, will bring us to our knees. we need to be vigilant.
A billion dollars given to 30,000 cops to keep them busy pepper spraying journalists and splitting open the heads of any youngster seen in black, so let's send in unpaid children to tend to the plague camps. This govt. is the true virus.   …
Using the  to corona virus isn’t just ridiculously uninformed it is also a good IQ test. 15M infected with flu like symptoms death rate is measured in *basis points*. Corona virus is at 2%+ since many that died were not confirmed and were simply cremated.
An estimate of the divergence time between #nCoV2019 and the currently closest known non-human animal virus (RaTG13 in a bat).  … Spoiler: probably before 1997.
the problem we face in discussing coronavirus is our blindspot to outlier events, and by extension existential risk. a new, lethal,  virus, if even contained, is *certainly* more dangerous than a widespread flu we already understand. and this isn't contained.
next up: corona virus. Marles links the poor government response to both catastrophic fires and the virus to poor economic management, poor preparation. Speers says okay let’s talk economic management then: should there be a surplus? #Insiders
Apple's main iPhone production partner Hon Hai says its factories worldwide are coordinating with authorities in carrying out virus protection and safety measures 
USMCA Ratification push not in the focus lately, however plenty of distractions (virus, $10m to Africa, Snowshoeing, blockades, etc) Is it all by design because USMCA aligns with @realDonaldTrump EO from December 2017?  …  
That is correct Not just journalists, but ANYONE who even mentions Corona Virus subject 2 huge fines & prison. Now recording as many as possible “Pneumonia”, so won’t B counted. Still going 2 hospitals in Wuhan making the sick sing patriotic songs.  …
But what if the virus broke containment before the cure was ready
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes:  …
If I'm destined to get the virus, than no matter what I do I'm going to get it anyway. But I'm not going to live in fear or treat others differently because of it. And if the virus  a pandemic than acting like this is only going to make it worse. 3/
Ordered Chinese from my local go-to and it was empty, one other order on the counter. This place is standing room only always. I stayed a few and talked to the lady. She looked sad. I try not to be political here but this got to me and this virus is worrisome but they didn't 1/
Your not a conspiracy theorist if you don't believe the official narrative So if I have a alternative opinion about the Corona virus does that make me a conspiracy theorist or a troll I don't think so  …
SUNDAY TIMES: UK faces ‘major’ outbreak, warns top virus expert 
The nearly 200 evacuees are staying at CFB Trenton, where they are being monitored for signs of the virus. But some experts argue the quarantine isn't actually necessary.  @chrishallcbc
My previous posts show evidence that the Coronavirus reportedly has the Aids delivery system with the flu and SARS virus built into it. If that’s the case, it has to be genetically modified.
#CoronaOutbreak #2019nCoV @BillGates I bet this killer virus is  to the mandatory vaccine that will soon be required by the #CDC 
In an attempt to reestablish control of the narrative around the new coronavirus outbreak, China is shutting down social media accounts and reining in aggressive coverage of initial government missteps that may have contributed to the spread of the virus. 
Reports that China is lying to the world over the amount of infected and dead as a result of the corona virus. #coronavirus #china 
I’m hearing from experts that if you are infected with corona virus this magic spray does nothing. 
This virus is impacting the cruise ship industry the way 9/11 impacted the airline industry.  …
paint 3d minecrap free download pc (no virus) (real) 
Listen to my podcast on Xi Jinping: back story to his stability-at-all-costs rule in the virus crisis  …
You are an absolute idiot to use the term #viral when talking about the deadly #CoronaOutbreak. And your brutal, evil regime is responsible for maligning Dr Li Wenliang who warned about the virus  …
Attempts by the WHO and CDC to enter China and assist in fighting the virus have been ignored for weeks according to the NYT  …
I’ve had a super horrible virus over the last few days. I didn’t even eat anything one day, so it was pretty bad. But I’m pleased to report that I’m starting to feel better and ready to play. Once I’ve finished snoozling of course. 
Breaking News: Verified Information... There are multiple reports of Chinese People in Osoba Close in Gowon Estate having severe symptoms of Corona Virus. These Chinese newly returned from Wuhan in China and are treating themselves of symptoms similar to that of a Coronavirus
During a visit to Chinese ambassador to UK @AmbLiuXiaoMing, Prince Andrew, passed on a message from the Queen to the people of China and President Xi Jinping: “I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus.”  …
Prediction of virus future, via a simple paper and pen diagrams. If Wuhan started in Nov/December, what city will be next in March/April and beyond?  …
BREAKING NEWS!! Chinese president has finally spoken on the *corona virus* saying.. Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise dong fong 'Hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng lemise dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shie Huang chongle I agree with him because is for our own good
Some people ask me whether we are entering a new Cold War with #China under the #CCP regime led by Xi Jinping. My answer is no, it is worse than that Not a Cold War. A virus war.  …
My updated ranking for the Democratic primary: 1. Warren 2. Klobuchar 3. Buttigieg 4. Yang 5. The herpes 6. Biden 7. Steyers 8. The Corona virus 9. Bloomberg 10. The Apocalypse 11. Bernie 12. Tulsi
8. Corona  from beer and that will literally YouTube their way into spreading viruses because of anti-vaxxers. At the end of the day it's about making sure that you bring out more votes than the other side, that's literally all that matters until November.
Why is china having such a problem with this virus? Let's see. Poor air quality. Poor water quality. Poor food quality. Poor nutrition. They eat stupid shit no one else in the world will. Their people live like sardines. Their people are slaves. Their leaders don't give a shit.
During emergency period, staying at home is the best choice to control and prevent novel #coronavirus. However, people need to go outside to get food once in a while. Lara who lives in Hainan goes to supermarket and introduces some tips to prevent the virus.
This virus killed millions in 1918. Could the same thing happen again? Get the facts tonight at 5PM on America’s Hidden Stories: Pandemic 1918.  
Latest numbers on the coronavirus. 12 confirmed cases in the US and over 700 deaths world wide. China is reporting 34,000 confirmed cases(if accurate). President Trump states the CDC and the WHO is working on a serum to block the cases. The whistleblower on the virus has died 
the mind is like  .. keep it virus free { Negativity } it will run like a charm .. #Mindfulness #MindBodyThoughts 
I’m almost 10 years HIV positive. I’m PROUD that I’m thriving with a virus that KILLED my ancestors. We have an epidemic rate & the best thing this gay man can do is shame us, while likely having slept with us. 
When you see the #MSM pushing a particular agenda - this is a script they are all fed They are all reporting the same thing Showing you the same pictures Pointing to what you should be afraid of. It's working... Keeping humanity focused on the #virus Ignoring everything else
Love these new corona virus emojis Smiley face Mad face Sick face Puzzled face Big smile face
Yooo they are welding everyone’s doors wtf corona virus has infected a million and 50,000 dead they are lying to us 
The  virus that causes  cold is rhinovirus, which is not a coronavirus, but coronavirus is the next  viral cause of  cold
I asked my mom if she would smoke weed if it actually did kill the corona virus and she said “mejor me muero” .......... 
What if you could develop a specific virus that targets only a specific bacteria? One of the experiments headed to ISS tomorrow, is trying to find out by sending some (well contained) ecoli to space. 
We at CDC offer our condolences to the family of the American citizen who lost his life to novel #coronavirus while in Wuhan, China. We remain vigilant in our efforts to respond to #2019nCoV and continue working to prevent further spread and impact of the virus around the world.
It’s gotten so bad now that sexdolls in China affected by the Corona virus are now jumping to their deaths  …
how tf corona virus here before my aliexpress lashes
In the middle of a national emergency, President Xi slipped almost entirely out of public view for an entire week — a retreat that signaled, some suggested, an effort to distance himself from a campaign against the virus that may not succeed. 
WHATS GOOD FOOTBALL TWITTER BOYS KPOP IS SHlT AND ITS THAT TIME AGAIN TO GAIN A BIG FOLLOWING ON YOUR ACCOUNT SO FOLLOW EVERYONE WHO LIKES THIS TWEET AND WATCH THE FOLLOWERS FLOW IN 100% WORKS #GainSZN Like or you will get the Corona virus hth
Officially airborne - Confirmed routes of the novel #coronavirus now includes aerosol transmission. “Aerosol transmission refers to the mixing of the virus with droplets in the air to form aerosols, which causes infection after inhalation”.  …
What are countries doing  coronavirus?  #coronavirus #virus 
According to @AmbLiuXiaoMing, the Queen said: “At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus.” No word from Buckingham Palace as this was a “private visit” by the Duke
It has been a long time I don’t post Hopefully SEVENTEEN and my fellow carats stays healthy as the 2019-nCoV is so horrible (I kinda feel like the virus is manufactured and tries to be a biological weapon)
A hospital in Nanjing, E China's Jiangsu, has put a virus-killing robot to work  #coronavirus. The smart robot can turn 360 degrees in tight places to conduct disinfection, keeping medics safe from cross 
Don't you wish @ScottGottliebMD was as passionate to help smokers transition to a less harmful alternative like vaping as much as he is about the corona virus? #hadyourchance
According to a study by the World Bank, a severe pandemic could cause economic losses equal to nearly 5% of global GDP, or more than $3 trillion. Losses from a weaker flu pandemic, such as the 2009 H1N1 virus, can still wipe 0.5% off global GDP. 
Virus Corona ahhh biasa saja coba banding penyakit yg samapi 2016~>>"Ischaemic heart disease and stroke" are the world’s biggest killers, accounting for  15.2 million deaths in 2016. These diseases have remained the leading causes of death globally in the last 15 years.
What are the #coronavirus symptoms? How has it spread around the world? Can the virus be cured? Here's everything you need to know 
As a mysterious virus spread through Wuhan last month, the @WHO had a message: China has got this. Did WHO’s praise in the early weeks created a false sense of security that potentially spurred the #coronavirus’s spread?  
A U.S. Business man has conceived of a rather strange but ingenious way to protect from the deadly virus.  …
2019-nCoV is enormous challenge for @WHO. It's clear virus was spreading widely, while China under-reported. How can @Tedros coax China to be more transparent & cooperate w/ partners? Just saw @DrTedros. He is standing strong. I'm not sure if I'd act differently if in his  …
An American citizen diagnosed with the new coronavirus has died in China in what appears to be the first death of an American from the virus that has sickened tens of thousands of people in China and killed more than 700, a US embassy spokesperson says. 
Coronavirus: 12 Americans aboard quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan test positive for virus; Passengers speak out  …
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes. When they sequenced its genome, none of its genes matched any scientists  across before. Photo shows the #Yaravirus (dark smudges) infecting.  …
Sydney virus solution rejected #ScottyfromMarketing preferred the high drama of banishing people to Christmas Island. And the cruelty of it is such  …
“To safeguard everyone’s health and safety  with government virus prevention measures, we urge you not to return to Shenzhen,” says the text message.  …
What is the biggest danger here? Bashar al-Assad killed +560000 Corona virus killed +560 #coronavirus #idlib 
Where did you expect them to carry condoms to prevent the spread of Corona virus ?  …
BREAKING NEWS The Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying, "Shaici ting yang teng wen feng Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng. Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle." I agree with him because it's for our own good. What do you think?
#coronaviruschina A nurse in china....who treating corona virus patient & consoling her daughter wid an air hug.. ....pray for china.. & salute medical staff 
Frankly those expecting big economic returns will have to wait till next year as effects of Trade War/Corona Virus dampening global growth & supply chains for months the effects will linger on for months late into the year. This year we are likely to see more protests & anarchy.
Man Wears Personal Plastic Tent on Flight to Avoid Deadly Virus  …
Flu virus can live on surfaces for 1-5 days, coronavirus 1-28 days 𝗧𝗵𝗮𝘁'𝘀 5 𝘁𝗶𝗺𝗲𝘀 𝗮𝘀 𝗹𝗼𝗻𝗴 𝘁𝗵𝗮𝗻 𝗮 𝗳𝗹𝘂 𝘃𝗶𝗿𝘂𝘀 (4/6) #Wuhan #coronavirus #2019nCoV #flu #influenza
"..Frank Plummer who received Saudi SARS Coronavirus sample and was working on Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg based Canadian lab from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese Biowarfare agents and weaponized.. has died in mysterious conditions."  …
Think how brilliant cold and flu meds are. They mask your symptoms so you can go to work or school. There you will expose more people to your virus and they will buy more product. Evil but effective.
I’m pretty sure getting the Corona virus is more dangerous than racism.  …
Yeah. Those numbers are so off base it's insane. This virus went on for weeks before the count even started, and now they are so far behind on the count that it's more likely to be in the 100,000 ranges by now. Simple math.
The argument  advantage is sound: you get greater efficiencies in peacetime. Outsource everything other than your  One argument against is that there may be supply chain disruption due to sanctions or war (or an unexpected virus).
I just had a close encounter with the virus :’) took the video behind the glass door lmfjwnfnd 
The disruption affects not just auto parts, but medical supplies, industrial chemicals,  Unexpectedly, the tariffs of the last few years may have stemmed the blow! They caused people to move production outside China. Though the virus may spread there too... 
Worth keeping this all in mind. I don’t see how China can end the lockdown unless they 100% defeat the virus. They’d lose too much face if the  back. That means this lockdown goes on for a lot longer than anyone thinks....  …
The development is a chilling example of how “super-spreaders” of the coronavirus infect large numbers of people while having no idea that they carry the virus. The phenomenon is likely to frustrate efforts to halt the spread of the virus.  …
My mom just said that I shouldn’t listen to Kpop rn cuz there’s corona virus in Korea like excuse me but I don’t think corona virus can pass through my headphones Make it make sense.
Ordinary Small Corona Virus Person no see dual Sim buy for market again
Li Wengliang is the doctor who discovered the Corona virus. Since China has no rule of law, just like Turkey, he was faced with an investigation! The passing of my colleague Li Wengliang has saddened all of us. #RightToLife  …
Funny thing is nobody is prepared. Everyone has been told it’s just flu. This downplay of a virus will go in the history books. Idiocracy at its best.
This is Wuhan, the origin of the virus with over 11 million residents, yet the streets  empty. A city that once was bustling but now is a city that's living in fear. It's just depressing to see this honestly 
Here we go: Xi Jinping Warns Virus May Impact China’s Social Stability That was faster then expected. It must be very, very bad. ⁦ @BenFajzullin⁩ ⁦⁦ @RaoulGMI⁩ ⁦ @ttmygh⁩ ⁦ @Jkylebass⁩ ⁦ @freezerohedge⁩ ⁦  …
Title sums it up: “Coronavirus is  it to the flu is worse”. We need to stop the virus whataboutism. It’s not helpful to solving either epidemics.  …
my mom just called me and told me life is going great because all the white people in her tram think she’s chinese and leave the seats next to her bc they think she got the virus .. she said it’s so nice and spacious i’m ???
Had my first confrontation with racist ppl on the bus because of the Corana Virus. They made jokes about it and tried to hide behind their scarves and shit. I was already in a really bad mood so I told them that this behavior is not okay in a really rough tune cause I had enough.
"The Chinese Pres. came out and called it a “demon virus”. Interesting choice of words."  …
What's in a name? WHO tiptoes around what to call virus  via @TOIWorld
Weary from a potent Shocker Virus, a dash of body aches, and a side order of insomnia, its time to throw on some classic Kamen Rider from the best era! Because both creators, Shotaro Ishimori & Tohru Hirayama, were at the helm in those years. Maybe, it'll recharge my batteries? 
Oh dam. How about a little salt and lime with that corona virus?  …
WELDING PEOPLE INSIDE THEIR APARTMENT BUILDING TO STARVE TO DEATH OR DIE OF VIRUS WITHOUT MEDICAL CARE. NBD. 
Disappointed the official Corona beer account didn’t do an insensitive corona virus tweet that they later had to apologize for
Scariest part of this French ski town story is that the family appears to have contracted the virus from a physical surface in the remote ski chalet they stayed in after a carrier had just stayed there, which he caught at a conference in Singapore. They believe.  …
Five people from Britain, including one child, are hospitalized in France with the new virus from China after contracting it during a holiday in the Alps. 
Taku, in Orlando, with a diseased mouth, 2004. He impregnated his mom around the same time this photo was taken. Their inbred calf Nalani was born 2006 (18 mos gestation). Taku was shipped 2 Texas after this, dying of neuroinvasive West Nile Virus, 2007 #CaptivityKills 
What if the Corona virus is actually a scam the Chinese are using to explain the disappearance of citizens who are in fact, dissidents?
#China blocks #Foxconn plan to restart factories over virus worries Public health experts inspected Foxconn's factories in Shenzhen & told Foxconn that its factories had a "high risk of virus infection", making them unsuitable for a production restart  
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04 #FBR
Environment: PM2.5 : Failed Health: New Corona Virus : Failed Justice: Cheating budget 63: Failed Security: Korat Mass Shooting: Failed Economy: not yet but soon... #กราดยิงโคราช #รัฐบาลเฮงซวย #ผนงรจตกม
Its CORONA VIRUS CHINA 70% CLOSED FOR more than 2 Weeks ! 1000 Deaths ??? Its Down and Out Worst Time Ahead ?? @PMOIndia @JPNadda @drharshvardhan @capt_amarinder Health emergency To be declared ??? @CMOPb Urgent look out @DrVaibhavK9
have a lot of U.S media blame china make corona virus is a bioweapon, but they forget U.S use bio weapon kill 2 million vietnamese in vietnamwars. 
Breaking News: Corona virus traced to bed spread in a Hoboken motel room.
As the corona virus epidemic spreads throughout China, small businesses in the US are beginning to feel its effect.  …
In the middle of the coronavirus epidemic, President Xi of China slipped out of public view for an entire week. Some suggested that the retreat signaled an effort to distance himself from the political risks he faces if efforts to contain the virus fail. 
Africa has not yet confirmed a case of the new virus but some health workers warn they are not prepared. At a Chinese-run hospital in Zambia, employees watched as coughing people who recently returned from China were not isolated.  #OnlyOnAP
I went to lunch yesterday with an old friend who just retired from the health department and she told me this. As much fear as there is with this virus, we don't seem to really know much about it other than to be scared of it.  …
my reddie during corona virus tweet explanation: eddie hears about the corona virus and literally gears richie and himself up for whatever can happen. spending money on alcohol, sanitizers, facemask and all. richie on the other
Malaysian Hindus defy virus fears to mark festival 
Ransomware attacks are continuing & costing American taxpayers a fortune. How many more must occur before all Fed, State & Local  w/the @NISTcyber  for anti-virus software based on whitelisting for critical infrastructure?  …
Let me be the glitch in your system, let me be your virus, let me rot your brain, let me take control...all you need to do is give into your weakness, and right now that’s not going to take much pup. @SlaveSilly @help_to_rinse Findomme femdomme cuckold worship ukfindomme brat 
Made hot dry noodles (热干面), a Wuhan specialty, yesterday to remind myself of that chill city I first visited in 2011 and which shouldn't just be known for a virus. 
Democratic @RepBera, a doctor, says China should “allow our CDC officials into China to work at the epicenter to really get ahead and know everything we can about this virus, so we can  up with a vaccine and the best protocols.”  
Hello India - Ek baar phir Bolo. Baar baar bolo. Zor se bolo. Thank you @PMOIndia @narendramodi for "quarantining" the thugs of Kashmir. The greatest virus ever, that harmed Kashmir.  …
“Several churches have been closed & Masses suspended in China due to coronavirus outbreak. Many Catholics have begun meeting in their homes, praying together. Some spend their time copying bible verses” via @VaticanNews Let’s pray for them & all affected by the virus. 
south korean artists: sorry we have to cancel all these domestic and overseas events bc of the virus its like very dangerous to be in crowds or travel a lot epic and starship: .......so anyways here are all these dates and we have more to announce
Re #CoronavirusOutbreak: -Americans’ risk is low - @POTUS has prioritized Americans’ safety from the virus - @DHSgov is playing a critical role in a layered defense to slow the spread of the virus to the US -Local/state/fed cooperation is critical to success & has been good so far
"We don't really understand the basis of seasonality, and of course we know absolutely nothing about this particular virus," said Dr. Peter Hotez, a doctor of Molecular Virology & Microbiology. But nobody knows more about immunology and disease than President Science - right??  …
GOOD NEWS: Finally Corona Virus cases outside Hubei starts declining for the 4th consecutive day. It shows containment of virus has begun.  …
BREAKING NEWS! New Markusha_Dushla Virus is spreading globally Stay indoors for your own safety 
WHO says new cases of corona virus across Hubei province have started to stabilise
The free press helps you make an informed decision about who to support for county clerk and for president. In a country with a free press, a new and deadly virus is probably acknowledged and addressed, not hidden by a government until it  an international pandemic.
He received an “ugly look” (aka hateful/mean)- not a concerned look, or a “are you OK?”. Asian people ARE being targeted because of the virus outbreak. We have the privilege here and need to be aware of our actions.
I was a guest on the SGT report with the great Sean! We discussed the Virus, China, Communism, & Freedom Check it out & please share! @SGTreport  …
The newly-built Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, receives the first batch of patients infected with the virus Saturday  
Apologies for a bad translation by me. The virus mixes with the air. Not bonds with as many have pointed out is not possible. The Chinese report says "飞沫混合在空气中"
Caixin -Shortages Persist, Aerosol Transmission Fuels Jitters  … public health experts  used coronavirus tests were returning worrying numbers of false negatives, fueling concerns that the virus may have spread far further than reported.
According to a study by the World Bank, a severe pandemic could cause economic losses equal to nearly 5% of global GDP, or more than $3 trillion. Losses from a weaker flu pandemic, such as the 2009 H1N1 virus, can still wipe 0.5% off global GDP. 
you know what’s tragic. nope not the virus. it’s the locals who are mf scared that they totally forgot all about humanity. you know what kills. so not the virus. it will be the locals who deprived others on necessities. 
The Corona virus could be a good cover for organ harvesting. A leopard doesn't change his stripes.  …
So Loona will go to idol radio on monday but bcs of corona virus garden studio will not open for public  …
Why is china having such a problem with this virus? Let's see. Poor air quality. Poor water quality. Poor food quality. They eat stupid shit no one else in the world will. They pack their people like sardines. Their people are slaves. Their leaders don't give a shit.
AIDS kills hundreds of thousands of people every year and this virus has killed 725. What absurd hyperbole.  …
sat cctv eve news on central group overseeing the epidemic- 中央赴湖北指导组：应收尽收，刻不容缓 - in wuhan - "round up everyone who needs to be rounded up, no delay tolerated" in effort to quarantine anyone infected or suspected to be infected w the virus  …
How this  Gov't handle the virus in Hong Kong will fuel our anger and untrust towards the authorities. We will never stop fighting against the tyranny. 
“If Li had lived in a society where citizens cd speak freely without fear of being punished for exposing problems & if his warning had been heeded and action swiftly taken, the virus could have been contained. Instead, it has already killed at least 724“  …
The virus has spread to some two dozen countries with five British nationals infected in a French ski resort. 
Please share this banner I created. We need to fight as one to eradicate the virus. We have to be responsible for our actions. Spread love not virus. #武汉加油 #中国加油 
So apparently Mia Thermopolis is visiting me (and heard about the corona virus). 
Malaysian Hindus defy virus fears to mark festival  via 
The true aspirations of the ordinary Chinese people. please pass on the coronavirus to Americans and Japanese, they are all bad! Don't infect Chinese Chinese cattle, I beg you! The Americans helping China but #wuhan #china #virus 
Five people diagnosed with that Connery virus in a ski resort called “Contamines”?! You couldn’t make it up.
China marks quiet Lantern Festival in anti-virus fight  
This is heartbreaking. We must continue to do everything we can to prevent the spread of #coronavirus and protect Americans. Communist China needs to step up and do more to be transparent and help stop the spread of the virus.  …
What a noble service. Best wishes to her for winning against the virus.  
The WHO says it’s going to work with big  to filter out inaccurate information about the virus. I’m sure the responses to this will be very calm and measured. 
The first American citizen died from the coronavirus in China. The person was 60 years old. Condolences to the family of this person. I pray people refrain from traveling to the area and this horrific virus is brought under control soon.  …
"At WHO, we’re not just battling the #2019nCoV virus; we’re also battling the trolls and conspiracy theorists that push misinformation and undermine the outbreak response. However, WHO and partners are fighting back with a four-pronged approach"- @DrTedros
"While the #2019nCoV virus spreads, misinformation makes the job of our heroic #healthworkers even harder. It is diverting the attention of decision makers. And it causes confusion and spreads fear to the general public"- @DrTedros
I have the corona virus
Mortality Rate: Coronavirus 2 % SARS 9.6% (2003) MERS 34.4% (2012) Ebola 40.4% H1N1 flu 17.4% (2009) Rumors and panis is more horrible than virus. Check for facts and look for evidence. 
China seek for court’s approval to kill the over 20,000 coronavirus patients to avoid further spread of the virus Hope theres no truth in this.....  …
One minute she was one of Scientific American's most influential scientists. Next she was facing life in prison as an international virus trafficker. Falsely accused, virologist @ilariacapua shares her story. Plus a #coronavirus update.  
Corona Virus wins ... Christian Pastor have lost faith in their God... a tiny virus has exposed them 
where were y’all when chinese people were facing actual racism over the corona virus outbreak? oh right nowhere since y’all actually do not give a sht about racism in the first place
why are they treating anyone from Wuhan like they have the Zombie virus? We need ANSWERS. 
At what point does the equity market get concerned? Or does it only matter when its  virus infecting servers in Mahwah, NJ...??  …
China uses a lot of coins, and the corona virus can live up to 20 days on a hard surface. #Coronavius
When Corona Virus gets into football 
Normally I just hit up the our clubs but they are pretty empty because of concern over the virus so I'm trying to pull online and wow...I am suffering
Tfue caught the Corinna Virus :(  …
While the Global is finding solution to deal with nCoV virus, somewhere still have attacks that have serious consequences... what should we do ? Everyone in Korat, please keep it safe... We pray for you #savekorat 
1 in 2 no symptoms: To avoid spread of , Japanese officials screened every repatriated passenger for symptoms and tested them for the virus after landing. 8 tested positive, but 4 had no symptoms at all, says Hiroshi Nishiura of Hokkaido University.  …
Stay strong #Wuhan: Light shows across China lift spirits in anti-virus battle #LanternFestival 
Misinformation on the #coronavirus might be the most contagious thing about it. The best way to tackle these online rumours? Treat them like a real-life virus, by @AdamJKucharski, author of The Rules of Contagion  … via @guardian #2019nCoV 
"Some westerners are calling the #Coronavirus the China Virus, but I don't remember people calling Zika the Brazil Virus, or Ebola the Congo Virus." 
The source of infection of the novel virus not yet discovered. Be patient fr scientific result. While the govt and people of China are fighting against virus, some people smear &attack China with evil languages by making use of the epidemic is not fair & moral. Be kind be better
"Today's first volunteer arrived with a tone of blankets collected at the school, #Seoul International School by the students who's been with us volunteered. It's the spreading virus stopped  today, Angelika came alone to deliver them..."  
"We have kept you & the , updated on the #2019nCoV outbreak throughout the #EB146 & will continue to provide regular updates & technical guidance. Solidarity, collaboration, transparency & prompt sharing of data & accurate advice are key to defeating the virus"- @DrTedros
Here's your virus update: - An American woman has died in Wuhan as the death toll from the virus approaches SARS. - Five British skiers in the French Alps have the virus. - The outbreak has given U.S. schools a lesson in contagion.  …
Corona Virus has spread to North America, South America, Europe, South & East Asia and Australasia. The only continent the virus has not been confirmed is Africa, are Africans immune or leadership is deliberately supressing cases in case they anger their Chinese masters?
SECOND PATIENT IN MD TESTS NEGATIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS: Maryland Dept of Health confirms that two patients have been tested for the coronavirus, and both tests  back negative. One American has died from the virus while in China.
Corona virus shouldn't scare you.Chinese products don't last long 
Maybe the Chinese govt is forcing their citizens to be "sick" with the virus, so that they will end up dead. What is going on in China? Chinese govt depopulating it's country? Why so many crematoriums? Are they targetting the millions of Christians in China? Or another group?  …
... and their real function is not to contain the virus, but to maintain social stability in China.”
“If we take a look at the people in charge of leading the efforts to contain the virus outbreak, it is obvious that none of them has any expertise in public health. This is an "amateur" team trying to give orders to a group of public health experts,...
“The Chinese government's mishandling of the epidemic has a lot to do with its censorship. However, in order to maintain the stability of the regime, they have no bandwidth for actually containing the virus outbreak.
I'm LIVE Early Catkinz catches the clips and not the corona virus Come catch some loving in the stream 118/120 subs! RTs appreciated    
A thread: So my cousin (thurayataleb on ig) had just arrived to Beirut from China a few days ago escaping the nightmare of the Corona virus, since her city was going to go into total lockdown for the next few (idk how long). The whole family was worried sick about her, especially
breaking news Eminem is reportedly the first celebrity to contract the corona virus It was reported that his palms were sweaty weak knees and arms were heavy Upon arrivin at the ER he had vomit on his sweater already Later tests concluded it was jus because of mom’s spaghetti 
 on Instagram Hey guys! Just wanna clarify since the last tweet blew up and a bunch of y’all misunderstood. I’m not infected with the virus ;) not only thing I am right is hella insane cuz I could leave my house! But rest assure i’m well as a kale 
The last humans huddle around a fire in a bunker. One of them asks 'Why didn't they do more to prevent the spread of the virus?' *Silence except for noise of fire crackling* Then an old lady pipes up: 'They didn't want to be barked at by a dog on Twitter.'  …
CORONA-VIRUS IS HERE Y’ALL!! 
2 Suspects in Custody After Entering Walmart and Spreading 'Coronavirus' Substance Although they were not spreading the corona virus which was first thought, it doesn’t lesson the horror it first caused. And to think, these 2 are old enough to vote  …
yall better stop or u gonna find a new virus srsly  …
Coronas usually don’t spread in warm months. A lot of our U.S. strategy seems to be buy time, slow introduction, get to summer without large outbreaks. That may be sound, but it’s possible given novelty of this virus (we may have little cross immunity) it could continue to spread  …
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes  … Viruses we know.... ...viruses we know we don’t know... ...viruses we didn’t know we don’t know!!
Global vaccine hunt a $2bn task in virus war  … Australia will be asked to pay into a $2bn global fund to find a vaccine for the deadly Wuhan virus. the CSIRO says a prototype could be ready for preclinical trials by early next month. Grant chasing?
Coincidentally, Frank Plummer, head researcher on #Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg lab, from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese researcher, has died in mysterious conditions.... Go figure!  …
American Dies in China, Cruise Ship Gets New Cases: Virus Update  …
singaporeans making the whole virus sound like its the zombie apocalypse and i feel like im a zombie now and everyone around me is a zombie.....
Seriously this guy is down on his knees praying for the virus to up and go to America. Mate have a heart, they’re already dealing with the opioids and meth you send their way  …
Stay safe everyone, away from the virus and from the danger ดูแลตัวเองนะค่ะ
Does anyone else find it interesting that ~2yr delta on Q713 mentions “CORONA” & here we are today with “Corona Virus”? Q713 2/10/18 Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q
Coronavirus has captured world media, but specifically in the west there is a campaign of exaggerating the effects of the virus, its casualties, and slander about the efforts of the Chinese government  the disease. Read about it all here:  …
How will Japan deal with a highly infectious virus? By not doing anything, apparently. At a major train station in Nagoya there is still no soap in the bathrooms. 
Corona virus is no joke, but this is. 
'We're definitely not prepared': Africa braces for new virus  
Coronavirus in confirmed case in Brighton! PACA school boy told to self isolate! The PACA school in Chalky Road, Portslade! Race against time to stop the virus getting a foothold in the UK!  …
While the rest of the world is worried about the #CoronaViruesue Washington DC is infected with an even worse virus. It can be cured on Nov. 3, 2020 
Remedy, Field Surgeon and Triage Trooper have worked together to find a cure for the corona virus! 
I'm not screaming conspiracy or anything here. I'm just thinking that it's most unfortunate that China went from protestors praising USA in the streets, to people huddled in their homes afraid to go outside because of a killer airborne virus.
What are the #coronavirus symptoms? How has it spread around the world? Can the virus be cured? Here's everything you need to know 
The number of cases and deaths from the Coronavirus continues to rise. The virus is now in over 20 nations. Here to discuss the global health crisis: CBS News Contributor 
Prototyping a game where you are trying to stop the spread of a deadly virus. Calling it PZero. 
Chinese restaurant owner who barred #Chinese students over worries of #virus devastated, cried throughout interview, doesn't know when he'll reopen. Extremely sad situation. #coronavirus #cbuniversity #WuhanVirus  …
Oh that is not good news. In fact, that is very bad, bad, bad news when coupled with the German report the virus may stay viable for 9-days on hard surfaces. Stand by to shut-down the world becasue of #China #WuFlu #coronavirus in 3, 2,  …
Protect myself from any virus . 
These virus particles  from someones spit, fecal matter, and other sorts of bodily fluid discharge. N95 masks with a respirator are more important than ever now! #nCoV2019 #coronaviruschina
The virus particles bond with oxygen particles in the air and remain stable and float even after the infected person leaves. Entering this room and breathing these particles in will infect you. 2/n
Sky reporting that "Five new coronavirus cases in France are British nationals who were staying in the same chalet in a ski resort. They were diagnosed with the virus  into contact with a person who had been in Singapore." ... okay. but it's under control right
Corona virus can be treated by cow urine. ~ Hindu Mahasabah leader I think bullshit is a better cure.
The biggest virus and most contagious is MONEY. It affects every walk of live and has no known antidote.
UPDATED: Anger and virus cases grow in China with 722 total deaths  
UK announces £5 million in new support for WHO’s Flash Appeal to fight coronavirus. This follows the £40mil allocated to vaccine & virus research this week. We will continue to support @DrTedros & his team @WHO leading the int’l response to the emergency:  
Bats don’t carry passports. Foreigners can catch the virus too. To imply there’s a connection between the virus and the Chinese nationality or race is wrong and insensitive, at a time when people are dying and enormous sacrifice is being made. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I’ve been back home in Oz for a few days.  back each Feb for anniversary of the Apology. What I find striking is the level  here about the potential impact on the global and Australian economy given the impact of the virus on China.  …
The key question that you, Pharmaceutical Society of Zimbabwe @PSZ_Org should be answering is whether you know the drugs being used to treat Corona Virus. If you do know them, do you have them in stock in Zimbabwean pharmacies. If you don’t, what does it mean to public health?  …
He is not a foreign doctor, he is a #Uighur doctor, but also a Chinese doctor. Thank you! As long as the people of all ethnic groups unite, we will certainly  the virus epidemic! #China #Xinjiang #2019_nCov 
Guys, there's a deadly virus outbreak happening. Could we give less attention to the bikini lady and start washing our hands again?
Shame the #HongKong govt is paralysing the society. When 50% of confirmed cases are imported, #CarrieLam is so caring of Mainlanders' feelings and doesn't shut the borders. #HongKongers stay home, while the potential virus carriers roam the streets. Absurd! 
This is a startling graphic showing malpractice by Chinese officials when you remember that Dr. Li Wenliang posted on Dec. 31 in a private chat group that he saw a high risk of human-to-human transmission with the new virus.  …
The U.S. embassy in Beijing confirmed overnight that the first American has died from the Coronavirus. The outbreak is responsible for at least 720 deaths. More than 34,000 people have been infected with the virus worldwide. @MikeGeorgeCBS has the 
#day4 #CoronavirusOutbreak #quarantine on #diamondprincess just read a news from China healthy authority today is they found the virus can be #airborne. Everyone pls take good care! When I found an English version I tag it for you all. Keep stay !
China seek for court's approval to kill the over 20,000 coronavirus patients to avoid further spread of the virus - China Xinhua News  …
Parents should tailor their approach depending on their child’s age, information processing style and exposure to news about the virus, one expert says 
...so by priming human immune systems to know what a virus looks like, we can prime it to be ready for that virus and beat it. So we can defeat polio, measles, many strains of flu... It's amazing. It's not universal, some viruses are much harder to find vaccines for (55)
#nCoV2019 facts: 1. nCoV is more infectious than SARS but less fatal than SARS 3. Approx 10% who caught SARS died. 4. Mortality Rate of nCoV outside of Hubei Province ~0.2% while seasonal Influenza death rate is 0.1% Scientist; The new virus is closer to seasonal Influenza.
It's time to shake your brain cells , Choose the correct answer Q 8. Where does Corona  from ? A. Wuhan China. B. Shanghai China. C. Beijing China. D. Chengdu China. #ContestAlert #healthcare #equipment #Contest #quizknock 
The Chinese public have staged what amounts to an online revolt after the death of a doctor, Li Wenliang, who tried to warn of a mysterious virus that has since killed hundreds of people in China  …
From "Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our times" to "Recover Hong Kong, resist the virus of our times!" Our @BloombergAsia piece on how the virus is a new battlefront in the Hong Kong protests.  …
SAFETY FIRST! PROTECT YOURSELF FROM CORONA VIRUS! Reminding each and everyone to bring their own alcohol/hand sanitizer starting this Monday. Keep safe!
200208 Kris Wu Studio Weibo update @KrisWu and  wish everyone happy Lantern Festival! Let’s work together to  the virus! #KrisWu 
What's happening to the Hong Kong protests amid the #2019_nCov outbreak? Lots of people were asking. So @natlungfy and I spoke to protest organizers and others. Our piece for @business: Hong Kong Protesters, Now on Pause, See Virus Fueling Movement  …
What a nightmare for these poor people - trapped on a floating Petri dish even in the best of circumstances but with this virus...Awful for them!Coronavirus outbreak: Passengers on Japan cruise plead for help from Trump, say situation is 'desperate'  …
. @CyrilRamaphosa . @PresidencyZA Stop all passenger air traffic between SA and China. If Corona virus lands here, you can't tell it to go home. Hundreds of thousands of SA's will die. Act now !!!
As the world’s largest manufacturing nation shuts down to grapple with a killer virus, its deceleration is forcing businesses to call production halts and upend production patterns 
If #Coronavirus spreads this fast, just think what a success biological warfare would be. It's the exponential spread that assures success. Potentially more successful than a nuclear bomb Coronavirus: Five Brits in French ski chalet catch virus  …
So much so the popular protest slogan has  “Recover Hong Kong, resist the virus of our times” #hongkongprotests #coronavirus  … via @bpolitics @iainmarlow @laiyanhoeric
Ok this virus is now out of control ... seems highly contagious even without close contact.... we will all eventually get it (all immune naive to it).... can only hope it’s just like a bad dose of flu and we recover  …
Million dollar question: HOW DID DETTOL KNOW OF CORONAVIRUS HITTING WAY BACK IN OCT 2019? See boxes in red? Is corona virus a corporate conspiracy @suryakantvsnl @avanindra43 @shuklapinku @PrayagrajWale @VnsAnuTi @KishoreAjwani @RakeshK25101975 @Draps78 
Is this stupidity or blatant disregard of the fact that the  from eating wildlife?? #CoronaVirus @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate @RobRobbEdwards @Animal_Watch @ARCrusade @Ivy_Middleton @zbleumoon @MamaForChange  …
#UKaid is working to help stop the spread of #coronavirus We’re supporting the international response, led by @WHO, to help identify, contain and prevent the spread of this deadly virus  
Although every Chinese who came back was healthy, we imposed strict quarantine requirements on them, they were required work and eat in their rooms and observe for 14 days. It is the responsibility of every Chinese to make sure the virus does not reach Pakistan brother. 
When u set a new standard on how u expect to be treated , u will be surprised at those who disappear from ur life.....
#Coronavirus bringing the drip outta folks in China. Virus is temporary Drip is forever 
Japan: 3 more virus cases on ship, total now 64.  
Things that will definitely kill us all: January: World War 3 February: Corona Virus March: ? April: ? May: ? June: ? July: ? August: ? September: ? October: ? November: Trump re-election December: ? A fun year of false impending doom ahead.
France confirms five additional cases of the new virus spreading from China, including one child. 
Bats may carry virus, should we kill them all? The best way is leaving the bats alone. Do not touch them, do not kill them, and do not fear them. In most cases, this is not only the best way to deal with bats but applicable to most wildlife.  …
Forget coronavirus. We’re not ready for the next global virus outbreak  via @BW
Data suggests virus infections under-reported, exaggerating fatality rate | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
Mutation, Adaptation, and Virus Genomes - A Primer for the Public -a bit technical but thorough breakdown of mutation, evolution and armchair experts in the context of the most novel of coronaviruses.  …
Global researchers have joined a scientific race  the novel #coronavirus epidemic by pushing for vaccine development, as well as more accurate tests for the virus  
I feel that those working in the medical line does not get enough recognition. If it’s not because of them, we would probably be dead because of the virus rn. They’ve been working super hard, at least be nice to them leh :(  …
yall better stop or u gonna find a new virus srsly  …
The U.S. Embassy in Beijing says a 60-year-old American citizen diagnosed with the new virus died in Wuhan, apparently the first American fatality of the outbreak. 
BREAKING: Five new #coronavirus cases in France are British nationals who were staying in the same chalet in a ski resort. They were diagnosed with the virus  into contact with a person who had been in Singapore. More on this story here:  
China blocks Foxconn plan to restart factories over virus worries - Nikkei  
please tell another corona virus joke dude they're really funny
My thoughts today goes to everyone who lost their life for Coronavirus virus R.I.P 
Coronavirus: Five Britons test positive for virus in France 
They have just found 5 people with that virus in France..how do we know that the migrants hav,nt been infected by someone and bringing it in the uk
FIVE more Britons - four adults and a child - fall ill with coronavirus in France after one brings deadly virus with them on flight from Singapore  
Leading scientist warns that only 10 per cent of cases are being identified by tests as virus spreads across the globe 
China Around 300 million people in lockdown all over the country in the biggest virus containment action in history. Provinces in emergency shutdown account for c80% of GDP and 90% of exports according to Bloomberg.  …
#Coronavirus — Shanghai Gov just officially confirmed #ChinaPneumonia can be spread through “ #aerosol”. Virus-containing #droplets like spray from sneeze/ saliva can be *airborne* & stably suspended in air. People may be infected inhaling virus aerosol  
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01
I'm not sure how economists can argue with a straight face China's Q1 GDP will grow 4-5%. The whole country on lockdown Factory workers will quit rather than return to factories until Wuhan virus under control Global supply chains & inventories will be decimated
The number of confirmed cases of the new virus rises again in China while fatalities increased to 722, as the ruling Communist Party faces anger and recriminations from the public over the death of a doctor who tried to sound the alarm about the disease. 
CHINA STATE PLANNER SAYS ENCOURAGES COMPANIES TO ISSUE BONDS TO FUND VIRUS CONTROL AND PREVENTION
The cause for the virus outbreak, the chain reactions and how people handled it, and now what's happening in Singapore is really so disheartening I hope things will get better soon... everything is being badly affected 人性有时还比病毒可怕，无法根治。
There are lots of reports about corona virus outbreak in China. This doc is one of medics who are fighting against the virus at their post, after 12 hours on shift, taking off protective apparel. They are real heroes. 
There isn't an easy 'cure' for this kind of viral disease. You can't take an antibiotic to cure a virus. Why not? Because antibiotics work on bacteria, not viruses. To get why I have to explain very briefly what bacteria and viruses are... (32)
SPECIAL CORONAVIRUS PODCAST. We're launching long reads of Caixin's exclusive four-part in-depth report on the epidemic. Part one explores how official efforts in Wuhan to downplay the risks delayed initial responses to contain the virus.  
Critical to have virus sequence information from the epicentre, that is where the evolutionary pressures are greatest, info on transmission & scale so important to guide Chinese public health teams - but no viral sequence from Wuhan since 4 Jan?
UPDATE: Wuhan opens second makeshift hospital to fight virus. 
How to exit from family groupchats without being rude? I'm tired of unproven and false news and information about the virus being spread online. This is another category of toxicity that I don't have time to deal with.
This is what is happening in our schools across Manchester. "My mum told me I'm not allowed to play with Chinese children anymore because you are the virus carrier". MCR is not racist. Call it out, stamp it out. Stand with our Chinese brothers and sisters.  …
There are no western  reporting from China during the biggest virus outbreak over the last 100 years.
Foreign spouses of Filipino repatriates from China's virus capital  to PH 
This is critical to help inform evolution of the virus, scale of the epidemic, transmission dynamics and much more. Critical that the public health interventions & logistics are not preventing ability of science to help guide evidence based policy decisions.
China announces 86 new corona virus deaths by Friday 
China's Communist Party faces recriminations over virus  …
No shock sadly - authoritarian states always lie - this is literally a rerun of Chernobyl Tragic but also means the WHO is lying as they must know the numbers are fake Watch the cruise liner in Japan - it's going to show how infectious and fatal the virus is  …
Zahedan, SE #Iran While countries across the globe are banning the entrance of Chinese people onto their soil to prevent the spread of the #Corona virus, the mullahs' regime is allowing them in & Iran's passenger planes are constantly flying to & from China. 
Cannabis is a magic plant for pain relief, psychosis & anxiety, with lower dependence rate than nicotine/alcohol. Used in the Indian subcontinent before 10000 BC. Virus as a pathogen only known since late 1800s. By suggesting this meme as truth, you are ridiculing current wisdom  …
i love how even if they can't interact directly because of the virus, they still find ways to be sweet to orbits  …
Why is the virus so dangerous? - With ICU, mortality rate for severe cases is ~4% - But 26% of these go to ICU - And only so many ICU beds in city - And disease is v contagious So, as disease spreads you run out of ICU beds. Which likely raises already high mortality rate.  
. @VNGovtPortal @FMPhamBinhMinh @PressDept_MoFA @MOFAVietNam What are we waiting for? A new #virus #disease outbreak? Ban #wetmarkets! Ban all kinds of #wildlife trades #permanently! Ban #dogandcatmeattrade! This world belongs to all of us. We have the right to live here 
Transparency and trust - I am very careful about retweeting infos on #2019n_CoV either medical or political-from all parts of the world a dangerous mix of a new virus in a new geopolitical power context, in open and closed societies, different political systems plus social media
Yanan Weibo Update (rough trans) Salute to all the workers who are fighting in the line of fighting against the virus! Wu Han refueling, China refueling!
Another guy replied my post that the American flu killed 10,000 Americans. Then another guy told me European flu kill 20,000 Europeans. Why worry man? What’s the big deal with Wuhan Virus, only a few thousand. Well I will buy you a ticket to #Wuhan #Cononavirus. 
im sittin here tryna plan out our next moves and shit.. but i find myself bein bombarded with thoughts of how to survive from this virus and shit.. and im jus like.. damn... i dont only got work deadlines and shit.. but our lives really might also be on a deadline.. shiiiet..
KKM kata takde zombie apocalypse. Tapi the virus make people act like zombie. See ↓  …
NBC video on Corona virus from overseas Pakistanis getting viral 
Okay review tayo ng logic mga bata. Let A = shortage of mask Let B = virus outbreak B ~B -> ~A Therefore, A Based on the form, the  a Fallacy of the Inverse. Thus, the argument is invalid.  …
This virus also serves to show Allāh can wipe out the planet anytime He wants, how rapidly He wants. While we are still alive, healthy, it’s a chance to repent each day. Maintain good hygiene, focus on Him. This world is just temporary. And to Him is our return.
DAY12: How Lassa virus replicates? Lassa virus adopts a replication strategy known as “Ambisense,” which is very rapid and demonstrates the replication of temporal control. The initial stage of transcription of mRNA copies of the negative sense gene, which makes sufficient 
While US president @realDonaldTrump praised Chinese president Xi Jinping’s efforts to contain #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak despite hundreds of people killed and the first death of US citizen reported, @WhiteHouse asks to investigate the virus and its spread. 
I hope that child on Christmas Island doesn’t have the corona virus. Tests have to be flown to Perth - takes between 3&4hours. There is only basic medical care on the island. This is yet another ‘mis-step’ by Morrison IMO.
The toyota corona... is this a conspiracy theory? The Japanese knew of this virus in the 1960s and named a car after it. Reliable, transportable, difficult to kill 
Twitter virus strikes again. I'm never leaving this app 
In Africa, some health workers warn they are not prepared for the new virus. At a Chinese-run hospital in Zambia, employees watched as people who recently returned from China showed up with coughs but were not placed in isolation.  #OnlyOnAP
The other virus from China. My weekly cartoon for @nrc:  
Li Wenliang, the now decseased doctor whistleblower wrote “I understand” at the bottom of a police statement telling him not to disclose information about the virus. In remembrance of Li , some Chinese internet users are holding slogans saying “I can’t” and “I don’t understand.”  …
Breaking - Medical experts in Shanghai said earlier that they can now confirm the #coronavirus’s main transmission route is through aerosol transmission and contacts. Direct transmission of the virus means that when a infected patient sneezes, coughs or exhales droplets ... 
#CoronavirusOutbreak: The new virus pneumonia is named as "Novel coronavirus pneumonia" (NCP), spokesperson for China's National Heath Commission says 
Today's podcast, expert virologist @ilariacapua tells us about the #Coronavius , after her story of being falsely accused by malicious media as being an international virus trafficker. #FakeNews #CoronavirusOutbreak  
One thing the virus has taught us... Singaporeans are fundamentally still selfish second class citizens . At the hint of emergency they only think of their ass. I know you are anxious. We all are. But think la! bloody hell think! #stopstocking #thinkoftheneedy #whatdadei
To honor Dr. Li Wenliang, who warned Wuhan Coronavirus, silenced by CCP and passed away with the virus on 2/6, and to demand freedom of speech and press in China, an event is organized and taking place in front of Chinese consulate at San Francisco. 
The rate this virus is threatening the world is so scary!
Here's the latest on the coronavirus: - The death toll has climbed to 724 (774 died from SARS), with 34,868 cases globally - An American woman with the virus died in Wuhan. It's believed that she's the first U.S. victim of the infection  
I hope you’ve got a good respirator handy, Arthur. You’re going to be exposed to more bullsh#t & toxins than  virus currently making the health warnings. Trump is not good for human health... but then again, neither is the guy whose dispatched you 15,934 km. 
You don’t need to wear masks if you aren’t sick. The virus can’t be transmitted through air. IT CANT FLY for goodness sake. Singaporeans are hoarding the masks and the real people who need them are sick ones and frontline medical staff. Can y’all be logical #coronavirussingapore
It's your freedom to love/be loyal to your country, but it's UNACCEPTABLE to beg god to transmit the virus to other countries 恩將仇報 Ironically, the country he curses is helping China the vaccine to kill the virus. Remember, we are all human-beings, we are part of the globe.  …
Thanks Xinqi. I also thought this is the result of no  border shutdown when Carrie Lam initially announced so (try to pretend she does sth). Now we need to beware, esp avoid taxi. I am sure there are potential virus reservoirs. 
Interesting data from the Indonesian government on coronavirus - again showing Indonesia conspicuously absent from the virus’ spread. Officially there are still no confirmed cases in the country 
On the deadliest day of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, with 86 fatalities in mainland China, the US Embassy confirmed the first death of a US citizen from the virus  
Do not discriminate and pass judgments on medical professionals like nurses. If you do, then SHAME ON YOU. They work tirelessly to keep the virus contained and treat the sick. If you do not have an ounce decency for them,you best pray you don't get sick and need medical attention  …
Good morning. Did you sleep well? I’m here to remind you that HEALTHY Ugandans trapped in the epicenter of a deadly virus in China didn’t. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Never have I been more proud of my people. Coronavirus: British man who caught virus ‘beat flu with glass of hot whisky’ - Mirror Online  …
Showing this morning! CONTAGION A 2011 movie about a corona-like virus spreading from China to the rest of the world. As fear consumes the people, U.S Centre for Disease Control struggles to find a cure! Did CONTAGION predict the corona virus 11AM | ch.139 
BREAKING: A 60-year-old United States citizen had died from the virus in Wuhan on February 6, according to the US Embassy in Beijing 
Machina talking about Corona virus #trevornoah #MatchForAfrica #RIPDjSthenjwa #DriveHope #rasta 
#WINNERCROSSTOURINSG #위너_웃으며_우리_찾아_오면_돼 No virus can stop ICs from showing love for Winner. @official_yoon_ @official_mino_ @official_hoony_ @official_jinu_ Winner Cross Tour goes on through 
What’s up with 2020 -ww3 -trump gets impeached -corona virus -kobe Bryant dies -trump gets acquitted( hell yea ) - polled Hereford wins ft worth - horned Hereford gets rsv Damn.
I can’t believe a deadly virus is at the bottom of my fears right now
Reality: China is  to handle this virus and yet they keep turning down help from the WHO and the United States for fear of what will be revealed. Not fair to the world. #china  …
Be aware of the new trend of virus contamination: #Coronavirus is now spreading from cities to rural areas, #Hubei official  …
First death from #coronavirus never “confirmed” by #Beijing - Family member of the first guy who died in the #coronavirus epidemic, Mr. Wang, told China News Weekly that he was the first person to die from the virus infection but he was never a confirmed case by the government. 
Video: #China infected people purposely spreading virus in #Wuhan, points to a cult in china tied to lab in wuhan spreading virus. china has shut down cities on mass scale to prevent such acts. #CoronarvirusOutbreak #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #wuhan  …
#Coronavirus is going to 'paralyze #China' Economist El-Erian warns investors not to buy deeps in the stock market like they might have done before the virus "It is big. It's going to paralyze China. It's going to cascade throughout the global economy"  …
A U.S. citizen diagnosed with coronavirus has died in China, in what appears to be the first death of an American from the virus.  …
Make sure you catch the news tonight, one of our fellow Australians is suspected of testing positive to the Corona Virus on Christmas Island. Never forget the Lefties chastised ScoMo on social media for quarantining them there. Thank God Scomo is our PM & not Shorten.
ok but zika virus fell off like
Bring Barry Suerto to justice NOW! Don't waste time on the groupies. Put his Kenyan ass in front of a military tribunal, and go to work. I’m tired of the bullshit! The virus was weaponized and released to distract and kill the economy. SHOUT into motion; the wheels of Justice.
There's a new way to disinfect areas during a virus outbreak: Drones 
Sir I think you need to smarten up first there is no vaccine for the new strand of corona virus, there is a vaccine for the flu strand every year. The flu has a case mortality rate or 0.1% meanwhile the new strand of coronavirus has a case fatality rate of 2%
Truvada and Cocaine both protect you from the Corona Virus. Girllll I'm gonna survive this apocalypse way better than I thought I would 
Kiasi virus more scary than wuhan virus sia! Summore this one also got no cure! #Singapore #Kiasi #Kiasu #WuhanVirus 
#UPDATE The death toll from China's #coronavirus outbreak soars to 722, including the first foreign victim, a 60-year-old US citizen diagnosed with the virus who died in Wuhan, the city at the epicentre of the health emergency  
I want you to watch this video then consider something: Zerohedge posted an article saying the #coronavirus had HIV strains in it. Claims were made that Wuhan has a bio weapons lab. Claims are made that this virus is airborne. Why is China doing this? 
KEEP CALM AND SALAM Deputy Health Minister Lee Boon Chye has suggested that we do not shake hands for a while, amid the spread of the virus. Do you agree/disagree? Is this a drastic measure, or one that is absolutely necessary?
In that case you are immune to the virus. BTW, That's a meme.  
"At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus," UK's Queen Elizabeth II said in her encouraging message to China  …
Isn't it easier to get the virus from queuing up at the supermarkets
the most updated and accurate update for the corina virus here in singapore 
China doesn’t want CDC or WHO help because these death tolls are likely deflated! I am sure this virus has killed many fold more than China is reporting & having International groups there would bring this to light. Reporters need to question these numbers not report them as fact
200208 Jun weibo update #AntivirusCampaign Salute to the fighters against virus. Cheer for Wuhan and China! Hoping for spring  despite all the hardness it may take. Hope everything’s wanna be fine. #HandwritingRelay #Jun #문준휘 #文俊辉 
"The cruelty if this virus is far less than the cruelty of tyranny". Wow. What a powerful statement.  …
The Chinese doctor who tried to warn about Corona virus, forced to sign a confession for spreading rumours, reminds me a bit of the scientist who tried to warn about the Chernobyl design. Both poorly treated by their respective countries; both heroes.
200208 people's daily official weibo lyrics and  by chris lee, together with #xiaozhan to sing the song <safety all year round>, is now out. together, we will win the virus with united hearts. may our loved  back safe as spring warms up the flowers. 
#Breaking: A US citizen has died from the #Coronavirus in Wuhan, #China - first American death from the virus ( @nytimes)
I’ve talk about this virus a few times on the podcast so those who listen will know my thoughts about it..Despite what you believe, that it’s man-made or natural one thing is for sure and that’s innocent People in China are dealing with it and fighting for -
There's a virus that has infected 15 million Americans across the country and killed more than 8,200 people this season alone. It's not a new pandemic -- it's influenza. 
There's a cruise ship wandering off Japan with more than 50 confirmed cases of Corona virus onboard. That's what you call a real and potential ghost ship.
We talk about these virus/diseases "jumping from animals to people", as if people are not animals, as if homo sapiens are entitled to some special protection.
"You had to have had exposure to the South China Seafood Market, you needed to have had a fever and test positive for the virus. You had to meet all three criteria in order to be diagnosed. " Reporter's Notebook: Life and death in a Wuhan coronavirus ICU 
There is some crazy  out of China atm as  party has started acting more and more like the old party of Mao..My heart bleeds for these low/middle class Chinese citizens that this virus is effecting the most right now.. 
All those who went to pray. Even tho i don't believe in god could I ask u to spare a prayer for the ppl ard the world and ask God to lead us to a cure for this virus and to bring this suffering to an end. Whether or not god exists is another debate, but the thoughts count.
An important reality check here. Corona Virus is not an inevitably deadly virus. There has been only one death from the virus outside China (in the Philippines). Many Australians have been infected, none have died. Over 3,000 Australians die every year from  flu.  …
A STUNNING 400 million people are in #Coronavirus LOCKDOWN in China. This is no run-of-the-mill virus. By now you already know that the virus was man-made in China’s only Level 4 laboratory in Wuhan. The question is WHY did they make it?  …
Chinese visitors sneak into Mindanao resorts Annabelle Yumang,DOH regional director in southern Mindanao, said... while those who did not show the symptoms... were allowed to visit any part of the country The virus can spread even w/out symptoms! Hello?!   …
Update on corona virus: the cases keep increasing, every sec we spend here, is not easy!Nobody REALLY understands our situation,we are not being pathetic, we know we’ll have to face death 1 day, but we deserve to be buried on a ground, not burned, if that’s to much than,spare me. 
Having watched a video on German television of an elderly American couple claiming to have learned from a contact at the CDC that the new virus may just be "in the air" on #DiamondPrincess, I offer the following link to the CDC that refutes that:  ….
China has still not invited US health experts to help with the fight against the Wuhan virus even though the US made the offer more than a month ago, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said 
On late Saturday evening, the Tencent webpage showed confirmed cases of the Wuhan virus in China as standing at 154,023, 10 times the official figure. Most ominously, the death toll listed was 24,589, vastly higher than the 300 officially listed that day. 
200207 — 王子异微博更新 wang ziyi weibo update ziyi donated 200,000rmb to help fund and support the works needed to fight the virus, encouraging his fans to do so Jiayou! 
_____ OR ______ karna koi tumse sikhe ... Zid Love Flirt Respect Baatein Dosti Nafrat Ignore Masti Style Attitude Nakhre Choose two words for me....
It’s the same thing we do in the U.S. for a virus outbreak. Nothing to see here. Kindly move along. 
CAN WE NOT. I can't get behind influencer hijacking of a hashtag or topic, especially when their photo is NOT one that is at all sensitive to the fact this virus is KILLING people. #Coronavius #CoronavirusOutbreak Here is his post:  
I think half of us Singaporeans are going to die from starvation instead of the virus, thanks to all these selfish hoarders who are clearing out our food supply
LOOK: Students and staff entering buildings are scanned by security personnel using infrared thermometers as the University’s precautionary measure against the novel corona virus, Saturday. (Photos by Arianne Maye D.G. Viri and Marvin John F. Uy/ The Varsitarian) 
No more coffee. I would ask the US government to butt out of this. It's a concern for the Japanese people, and the Japanese health officials have us in an effective quarantine. Complaining Americans who think the virus is in the air are fear mongers who just make things worse.
One new survey this week found 63% of pharmacists report customers are buying surgical masks as a precaution against the virus. Ninety-six percent say they sell masks faster than they can stock them on store shelves. 
hi guys idk if this is too much but i really need your help :(( my puppy, chandler (a chowchow)is suffering from canine distemper virus. me, a student cant handle her bills :(( if you have an extra money, pls buy my stickers for 100 pesos per pack with 4 stickers inside. 
China virus toll hits 722 as Hong Kong imposes quarantine  … #wuhan #hongkong #wuhanvirus #WuhanCoronavirus
...The tyranny is much worse than the virus. The source of virus is tyranny. Only by uprooting the tyranny, can the virus be eliminated.
First the flu, now coronavirus? Hospitals are preparing for a second surge if the virus spreads widely in the United States. 
What are they spraying? If this is a virus contracted from meat, why are they spraying? We need the TRUTH! WHATS REALLY GOING ON HERE? 
A month ago, the C.D.C. offered to send a team to China to help fight the virus and learn more about it. China's response ever since: silence. 
I never shop at Harvey Norman; don't want to get the Old Moaner virus #GerryHarvey
Hey @IUHoosiers @IndianaBase @IndianaWBB @IndianaFootball this is Zach’s mama, please say a prayer for our boy, he’s been admitted into IU Health Btown with the FluA virus. Specifically for his high fever to go down and his vomiting to subside. It would be greatly appreciated 
Virus Checkpoint  …
No wonder these have the corona virus when they are eating things like this lmao just eat some toast or something 
14/ It's of vital importance that we acknowledge coronavirus is not an excuse for xenophobia & definitely not a substantial excuse to attack anyone. The most frightening part of current epidemic is not virus itself, but the fear & hatred that is caused by false rumours & biases.
13/ I believe we all have a very clear answer that it is in no way acceptable. If anyone finds that it is acceptable to do so just because the virus originates from an Asian country, it is blatant racism.
11/ If you wonder saying  from Wuhan, China  what about saying  from Germany or an encephalitis virus originating from Japan?
Since tamiflu is on the mind... Let’s talk about how it works! Tamiflu is a neuraminidase inhibitor - not a direct antiviral but prevents the virus from penetrating the host cell by inhibiting the enzyme they use to do it. It’s not the only neuraminidase inhibitor that exists. 
I hope this message spreads faster than a virus !  …
Feb 8: Corona Virus Update - Economic Disaster?  …
There's another virus going around it's far worse it's the CONUVIRUS it's a epidemic in Canada and America spreading fast. 
This is disturbing: “someone noticed that the ratio in the official figures for the [official] total dead to the total diagnosed coronavirus cases has remained exactly 2.1 percent every day since Jan. 30. This magical virus is very good at math!”  …
#Coronavirus stuns in new photo, one of the clearest depictions of the virus. What do you rate this look? 
This is pretty remarkable. Companies dropping out of an event in Madrid due to the virus.  …
A police officer who works at the front  #coronavirus refused to go upstairs fearing that he might be unknowingly carrying the virus.He asked is wife to use a rope to deliver food to him. 
Because Chinese government (CCP) know exactly what kind of virus they are dealing with. It’s bio weapons from their P4 lab. Don’t trust what they are saying but look at what they are doing.
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02
Maybe I'm too old but the Corona virus should not be joked about. There is nothing funny in death or people dying.
Socialism has made China so economically prosperous that U.S. imperialists need to try to weaponize all available crises towards destabilizing the PRC. This is why when a virus appears that the CPC handles incredibly well, the Western media uses it to stoke anti-China hysteria.
Censoring information, detaining citizen journalists and whistleblowers, blocking NGOs and foreign experts, these are not to stop the #WuhanVirus, but to stop the effort to fight the virus. CCP's governance failure and atrocities.
"Islam does not allow its followers to hurt the feelings of others in the name of the religion. [The virus] does not distinguish between nationality, race or religion" -  …
Optimism Fades As Virus Deaths Jump To 724; 190K Under Observation; Drop In New Cases Reverses Higher |  …
"Coronavirus" is the umbrella name for a family of viruses which cause respiratory distress. We need  up with a novel name for the one spreading now. I was thinking "Wuhan virus" but was informed that was racist. So, any ideas? 2019-nCoV just isn't a grabber.
no one is going to tell me they are doing this for a virus that killed only a few hundred people. we are witnessing something much more serious. china is hiding real numbers of dead and infected and other countries are also guilty of hiding the truth..
Actually he's not with the current SCP foundation. You can tell because he didn't ask the virus what its preferred pronouns were.  …
It's a virus. Wth are they spraying? It's not bacterial.
Terrible news for #DiamondPrincess passengers. @npr tonight is reporting that every new case of #coronavirus on the ship from here on out will reset the 14-day #quarantine clock. #cruise #ship #virus #outbreak #Japan #Yokohama  …
Carrie Lam is the Chief Executive of Hong Kong. She has continued to make laws in #Hongkong that are obviously bad. She banned face masks at one point! Now she won’t close all borders to Mainland China, even with the #corona virus! Extnded Version -  … 
(6/x) If true, big risks. Here's one: in their zeal to hit "no more virus" target, local authorities might start preemptively detaining anyone w/symptoms (say, fever) - and not in medically-approved, carefully planned manner, but in hasty mass roundups that amplify virus spread.
China virus death toll soars to 722, surpasses SARS count: official  #coronavirus
“If you don’t fight the Mulan virus soon, you could invest [sic] everyone and start a worldwide academic [sic]. Seriously! Okay, now just stay still while I put a bag over my own head.”  …
I’d Like to hear what Communist/Socialist ⁦ @BernieSanders⁩ has to say about his Free cheese government health care plan! Socialism can’t care for normal citizens let alone A catastrophe! Venezuela’s China ties, lack of healthcare sparks virus fears |  …
A mysterious 80 nm amoeba virus with a  “ORFan genome” challenges the classification of DNA viruses  …
#DailyChinaBriefing on Feb. 8: 1. Recovery rises as China steps up anti-virus fight  2. China to audit coronavirus control funds, donations  3. More Chinese medical teams sent to aid epidemic control in Hubei  
Boys I told you.. 50 is happening this year.. not even the fucking corona virus can stop this train
After chaos, Dr Li Wenliang, coronavirus whistle-blower, confirmed dead at 34  He knew about the virus in Dec/2019 #DrLiWenliang #Coronavirus #epidemic
They are targeting roads, shops, public parks and office buildings while the streets are empty. The drastic  after scientists discovered the killer virus is more contagious than previously thought. 
Biden just admitted Obamacare cut Medicare, the virus is more powerful than we could have possibly imagine.
Fuck the virus, I need this period. Mf’s talk to much  …
Maybe you could cut down on the anti-bacterial wipes ⁦ @DLoesch⁩ Man wears personal plastic tent on flight to avoid deadly virus 
Here's the deal, I find fascinating. Nobody and I mean nobody predicted this virus outbreak. There are no models for it but everybody and their mother seems to have a solution for it especially the academics intellectuals with acronyms at the end of their name. 
Her Majesty The Queen sent an encouraging message to President Xi and Chinese people: At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus. It was conveyed by Duke of York. 
Joe Biden looks like the Wuhan virus is hitting him hard. No wonder he's been in hiding and not campaigning for days. He belongs in quarantine.
Dr. Plummer was part of the team that developed a patent that found a cure for the Ebola virus which included Xiangguo Qiu, the Chinese spies caught stealing pathogens from the Canada P4 lab.   …
Idk why y’all panic buying for a virus that might not even kill you if you get infected. On that note y’all know what kills? Cancer and obesity from all that trash food y’all stockpile on xoxo
When the first coronavirus cases appeared in early December, Chinese officials silenced doctors who warned of the new virus. By the time authorities alerted the public on December 31, experts say the virus had already spread to an unmanageable level. 
Chinese state television has released what it says is a recent video showing the production of medical supplies like hazmat suits and gloves used  the #coronavirus outbreak. The death toll in China for the virus rose to 636 people on Friday 
The three new virus cases on the Japan cruise ship were out of six total new test results that came back today (from NHK)  …
ScumMo is hoping the corona virus crisis will prove a distraction so we'll just forget about calling for effective action on climate change. As usual, how wrong he is. #auspol #LNPfail #CrimeMinister #LiarFromTheShire #NotMyPM  …
Might be a good time to watch the mini series they did a couple decades ago of “The Stand” Man made virus escaping, quarantine failing, everyone dies Great entertainment
The primary transmission path is believed to be virus-laden droplets from an infected person's cough, though researchers said they may have overlooked patients with symptoms linked to the digestive tract 
I have corone of virus
Singapore lifts virus alert to SARS level, sparking panic buying  
Joe Biden at tonight's debate, "I took a gut punch in Iowa, but I survived. I have the Wuhan virus, but I'm still alive."
The 1st confirmed Philippine #nCoV case has now recovered and is no longer shedding virus. She needs 1 more negative test to go home. This shows that nCoV is NOT always fatal (2% mortality is the latest) AND recovery is MORE likely than dying.  …
Shit like this should worry people What are they spraying the streets with We don’t know nothing about this virus #Coronavirustruth 
China just reported 558 non-Hubei new virus cases -- I believe this is the lowest daily number since January 28  …
People have shown up at Wuhan Central Hospital bringing flowers to pay respect and condolences to Dr. Li Wenliang who died from the novel #coronavirus at 34. He was one of the first to warn fellow medical professionals of the new virus. (Xinhua photos by Wang Yuguo) 
BREAKING: #Coronavirus death toll reaches 719 with 5,900 people in critical condition plus 34,000 confirmed cases. The virus has also been confirmed in over 25 countries.
The only one who should say sorry to the whole world is those who spread virus. Taiwan does not owe anyone anything!  …
This is a disinfecting pepe. Share this among your friends and you won't catch the deadly Corona Virus 
Just wanna remind y’all significantly more ppl have died in the US from the flu this season than all the deaths from this new corona virus outbreak. Wash your hands.
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes  …
Many of us have been trying to get action from this government for weeks. Will the Government  clean and set out what stocks it has of masks, protective clothing and other items vital if health systems gets hit with virus. Or have the spent all the money on sportsrorts?  …
"Someone noticed that...the official figures for total dead to total diagnosed cases has remained exactly 2.1% every day since Jan. 30. This magical virus is very good at math!" One presumes China's govt has set a max of 2.1%, and officials do what's needed to hit the quota
“If the officials had disclosed information about the epidemic earlier,” Dr. Li told The Times. “I think it would have been a lot better. There should be more openness and transparency.” @nytimes @ChuBailiang #Coronavirus #Outbreak #Virus 
Ery since dat damn virus hit any abnormal feeling i get I’m in my head talm bout “aww shit they don’t gave me da corona”
#UPDATE The virus has spread across China, prompting the government to lock down cities with tens of millions of people, and panic has spiralled around the globe as more than 240 cases have emerged in two dozen countries 
I give it a week before a drag queen calls herself Corona Virus.
I like you Joe, but let’s be real. This was a piece about handshakes on Sand Hill (“concerns about coronavirus in Silicon Valley”). Not a good faith inquiry. I also understand you are now for reporting on the virus, while before you were against it?  …
Most countries are quarantining Corona virus cruise ships, one even isn't allowed to port. Meanwhile NJ cruise allowed to dock, no containment - 4000 allowed to leave.  …
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes | Science  …
Happy #PhytochemicalFriday! This week, moronic acid, a  found in some Phoradendron species (Santalaceae, one of my favorite plant families!), as well as Brucea javanica (Simaroubaceae).  has been found effective against the herpes simplex virus. 
Don’t take a single moment for granted. This horse is fighting for his life, and struggling to kick a terrible virus. Appreciate your horses.  …
An #EmptySeatFullSupport story: the seat next to OP was empty but before Men's, a young woman sat down but kept looking around nervously. After 1st group, the girl showed OP a message translated from CHN > JPN: 'This is my friend's seat, she  because of the virus  …
Seems like I asked this question one day too soon. Singapore govt virus defcon orange announcement now has the place spooked. Reports of panic buying. Lots of made up scare stories floating about on social. Red Mart is out of pesto.  …
Doctor Warns Up To 30% Of Madical Staff Working in Wuhan Hospitals Now Are Infected With Deadly Virus -  …
madi said she had the corona virus so had to do what i had to do  …
Pls praise for: -arresting 8 doctors at the beginning -cover up the data of the virus -cover up real situation -quickly spread the virus to 34K cases for 2 weeks across& the world -reject USA’s help -rob masks fm civilians’ couriers & donations -still no real data until now  …
Number of diagnosed cases of #nCoV #Coronavirus on a #PrincessDiamond Cruises ship quarantined off the coast of #Yokohoma, #Japan, has tripled to 61. 8 #Americans on Princess cruise test positive for the virus. While in the Philippines cruise 0 result? 
Seattle, WA- Today’s Coronavirus Panel wasn’t even remotely about the virus. Instead it focused on “racism.” “We are in a time that’s very difficult for  because racism, prejudice, and hatred have had an open license & now it’s being layered w/ 
Perhaps you could have spoken to the reporter and given your takes on: - technologies the Chinese are using to fight the virus - hardware implications of supply chain disruptions - what biotech is doing in terms of antivirals, vaccines So she could... cover them....
This virus won't be the death of us. It's the sheer stupidity that's imprinted into the minds of the people here is gonna get them killed. Bunch of wussies.
2) virus in China would affect only their sales. Globalism was constructed by people w short-term greed. None of the promises of globalism has ever been delivered. Countries whose govt are so corrupt to make their populations vulnerable to disruptive events abroad are unstable 
If this “new” virus is teaching us anything it’s consequences of globalism. The thoughtless people who constructed “globalism” overlooked that it can have massive consequences. If US corporations produced in US the products that they market in US 1) cont.  
The Chinese Communist is party is attacking and inciting a harassment campaign against WSJ columnist @wrmead for writing about coronavirus The CCP does not get to dictate our headlines and should spend more time treating the virus instead of covering it up  …
Because of the announcement made by DepEd regarding the current issue on the "Novel Corona Virus", we, the Junior - Council Regional Executive Board Visayas2020, would like to inform you that Staffer Search will be moved to a later date which will be announced in  days. 
The number of diagnosed cases of #Coronavirus on a #PrincessDiamond Cruises ship quarantined off the coast of #Yokohoma, #Japan, has tripled to 61. 8 #Americans on Princess cruise test positive for the virus. @ChannelNewsAsia #鑽石公主號增41確診 
While much of the world's attention has been focused on the Wuhan coronavirus, there's another virus that has been keeping doctors offices around the country incredibly busy this time of year 
Only this man can defeat the Corona Virus  …
There is outrage in China over the death of Dr. Li Wenliang He's the doctor who tried to warn about the coronavirus in December The police came to his home and told him to stop He contracted the virus from a patient He died yesterday  
Reading about this Coronavirus & How deadly the virus can jump from bats to snakes to humans 
Another reason to end wildlife trafficking. Pangolins may have spread coronavirus to humans: What to know about the Wuhan virus  …
BBC Africa is asking whether we’re ready for Coronavirus, someone is asking whether the virus will need a red carpet since it’s on tour like a World Cup trophy....people fuu
Day 3 of Velma's Stomach Virus: She is stomping around the house and whispering in a strangely murderous tone, "Wocka wocka." Occasionally she sits down to cry
We are at kenjis and Yvesse sees some guy and screams he has corona virus. My heartI became sober
I sometimes get the occasional tweet where someone goes on about the virus and then YOU MUST BUY BITCOIN. I don't know fam, I would rather have ample food / water / ammo then cryptocurrencies.
The silver lining to the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic? It may end the poaching (and forestall the imminent extinction) of the pangolin, now thought to be source of the virus. Karma could not be reached 
BREAKING: China virus death toll soars to 717: official | via 
3. An optimistic scenario is that the virus is contained in China and there isn’t any significant person-to-person transmission in other countries. This is looking increasingly unlikely to some experts. “The evidence points to the fact that is not containable.” (Hopkins expert).
A quick CSP test run! trying to find he perfect brush for sketching! Virus for @noronorii 
Hubei province reports 2841 new virus cases (up from 2447 yesterday), 81 new deaths (up from 69 yesterday), and 1985 new cases in Wuhan (up from 1501 yesterday)  …
To stop the spread of coronavirus, China has relied on fever checks, which science journalist @Laurie_Garrett says is based on a "flawed" understanding of the biology. "We now know this virus can spread from people who don’t have fevers."  
It’s really hard to see someone I care about go down this path. Please call a loved one today make sure they are in a good headspace, I really can’t take losing more of my loved ones to the clout virus. I’m crying as I type this Travis I will always care but I can’t condone this  …
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes.  …
Please how much is 1 year Avast Anti virus?  …
UK Flu deaths so far in 2020 are 213. None from the Corona virus. But that doesn't make such exciting news does it ?
This is a flight from Wuhan China to the United States. We are importing Corona Virus as we speak. 
Are you kidding me!!?? Watching news seeing / hearing  about testing positive for the Corning’s Virus !!! Really??? Is it the countries, Airlines and fault!!!!! Be lucky they not have not booted or thrown your arses overboard. Geez oh man.
“You can see 50 things that are wrong, but if you find the right virus, maybe 40 disappear because that virus is the trigger” - @PfaffSC @ALTISEdu 
If you call the travel ban against coronavirus, ”racist”. Please explain why there are no restrictions on Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan or any other Asian country besides for Mainland China? It's the epicentre of the virus. They're quarantining their own cities for goodness sake.
At least 31,000 have been infected by the virus that ophthalmologist Li Wenliang brought to light in late December -- before  its latest victim  
Royal Caribbean Cruises has banned people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports because of the coronavirus — "regardless of when they were there last." The WHO called out reports of anti-Asian discrimination over the virus, calling ethnic stigma "completely unacceptable." 
#FRONTPAGE: Global shortage of anti-virus masks: WHO chief —  
The people were passengers aboard a recently docked cruise ship and are being monitored for symptoms of the virus at a local hospital, after health officials screened more than two dozen passengers 
Breaking ... Susan Collins told a reporter that she’s deeply concerned about the behavior of the CoronaVirus . But she’s confident that the Virus has learned it’s lesson & will not have a negative impact , through god’s good grace .
A plane carrying people evacuated from the virus zone in China has landed at a military base in Texas. China's Xi Declares 'People's War' on Coronavirus  
Stocks are taking hit from virus. While crypto goes up? Stock money moving into crypto? Pandemic leads to world currency, possible! In the practice run stats, estimates 75 million dead which would lead to chaos and from chaos control will be had. Just random
I have to agree, I think now Japan will say whales spread the corona virus and elephant tusks are an excellent breeding ground for the virus as well... America will say oil stored this virus for centuries so will have to invade your country to safely drill it out...
*BREAKING* Baskin researchers have released  genome of the #coronavirus on the @ucsc @GenomeBrowser . This will allow scientists to see the virus' structure and find ways to attack it.  @ksbw @UofCAHealth @UofCalifornia #Wuhan 
Li Wenliang, the ophthalmologist who sounded the alarm on the coronavirus, and was previously reprimanded by police in the city of Wuhan for spreading 'illegal and false' information about, died from the virus on Friday  
So apprently business as been really slow at my resturant ever since the coronavirus news. Really upsetting to see my parents struggle due to new stereotypes that all Chinese are carriers of the virus. It’s just sad.
Rorate calling out the grifter/profiteering virus in traditionalism is good.
APPLE EXTENDS CHINA RETAIL CLOSURES OVER VIRUS BY A FEW DAYS
Meanwhile, as we send "humanitarian relief" to China for the "virus", China's still moving forward to  "the center of the world", new cities springing up w/such speed that Google Earth can barely keep up w/new high rises adorning the landscape.  …
Several online stories inaccurately claim that the new coronavirus contains HIV “insertions” and shows signs of being created in a lab. But there is no evidence that the new virus was bioengineered, and every indication it came from an animal. 
What’s Gavin Newsom going to do when the corona virus starts running through the homeless populations in California?
Welp kids it was fun while it lasted. Cruise ship carrying 4200 people who have been exposed to the corona virus is docking in New Jersey. I have no faith our immigration system will protect us. Sick people being taken off boat brought into our country. 
the doctor just shouted to a&e “if you don’t need to be here please go , we are extremely busy and have POTENTIALLY INFECTED AND CONTAGIOUS PATIENTS” BRUH IS THE C*RONA VIRUS HERE
I ain’t heard nothing about no travel ban for that corona virus shit tho. They ran outta racism or something?
Dear President, many Chinese military researchers published articles on how to modify Bat virus to mimic SARS like characters, i.e, human 2 human transmission. Please investigate who invented this virus and how it was released to public. You have best scholars and you can do it! 
Despite technical /OPEC bounce, oil fell another 2-3% this wk. I am still bear bc mkt (& Russia/OPEC) not fully caught up to the severity of the virus impact. OPEC needs a bigger than headline 600 cut to stop the pain and if Libya should return all hell will break loose!
Kevin:  has a virus Juyeon: that's weird, I don't think it's been around anyone who's been sick lately Kevin: Juyeon: Kevin: you're pretty
Remember to laser focus on the Corona Virus and nothing else.. it is what you are supposed to do... Signed the MSM.
We once said if America sneezed, Australia got a cold. Some graphs to show what might happen to Australia because of a virus in China ...  …
How is it possible that there are no African cases of this corona virus, are we resistant oba?
Where's Corona virus, Fat? 
This is a joke!! China is HUGELY to blame for our current pandemic because of the ridiculous insistence on eating anything which moves, irrespective of the diseases these poor, innocent and badly treated animals carry. China murders pangolins for ‘medicine’. They carry the virus
What defines a pandemic? How can viruses be transmitted from animals to humans? And exactly what is a virus? 
I work permanent weekends, I haven't been out on a Friday for absolutely ages, if I'm sick tonight I'm blaming it on the corona virus that my kids have been spewing all around my house today. 
The Chinese are now chucking AIDS drugs at the virus victims ... things must be desperate if they are firing an arrow into the night sky like that. May God protect the Chinese people.
Rest in peace legend.You will be remembered forever for your dedication for medical profession. This is Dr. Li the Chinese doctor who tried his best to raise the alarm about #coronavirus in the early days of the outbreak. but he couldn't. Today he has died from the same virus 
"An 11-year-old #NewYork boy who died from influenza A—despite getting a #flushot." RT The Virus Killing U.S. Kids Isn’t the One Dominating the Headlines  …
. #BreakingNews Breaking: Eminem is the first celebrity to be diagnosed with the Corona Virus. In a statement, doctors have revealed that his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
China is having a huge, if censored, debate about the leadership's initial reaction to the virus (a cover up), the doctor who raised the alarm (unfairly treated as villain not hero), and the efficacy of the extreme steps now underway (worried). Trump, instead, fuels propaganda.  …
gn babes, say it back or catch the corona virus 
"The new virus is believed to have originated in bats, but researchers have suggested there could have been an "intermediate host" in the transmission to humans." This is the same pattern as SARS and MERS. Both are also coronaviruses.  …
The Corona Virus Will End Soon Because It Was Made In China
They want to bribe the virus  …
Say after me: Christ has redeemed me from every curse of the law. Therefore I forbid any sickness or disease from bringing my body down. Every disease, every germ and every virus that touches my body DIES instantly.
Fox News is airing the official news conference on the Corona virus and how it may effect Americans while CNN is STILL talking impeachment! Time to move on to newsworthy information, leftist mockingbird media! 
Although not a drill, the Corona virus, with a low mortality rate, is a incredible opportunity to  responses (previously only guidance protocols) to a pending pandemic, like containment & counter measures, for a future biological weapon attack, etc. #14Days
Not covering - technologies the Chinese are using to fight the virus - hardware implications of supply chain disruptions - what biotech is doing in terms of antivirals, vaccines Is covering - your tweets 
Wait? is the MF virus going on tour ?  …
Two faced people are more dangerous than “Corona Virus” #Cryptic
#2019nCov is a significant global situation & continues to evolve rapidly. I am grateful to travelers for their cooperation & patience as we employ aggressive public health measures to confront this new virus, strengthen our nation, & protect Americans.  …
This man tried to warn his country. That same country shut him down. He was accused of making false statements. Yet he was telling the truth. Now he’s dead. Did the virus kill him or was it his country?  …
Common sense. Before Corona Virus: >> "MSM is seditious FAKE news." After MSM announces Corona Virus: >> "Global pandemic, we are all going to die. MSM is telling us the truth." Think logically. 2,900 people died of Hypo attacks last year. Is that a pandemic? Fear controls.
As the #Coronavius worsens in the US, please remember the healthcare workers on the front lines. While everyone tries to avoid the virus, frontline medical staff risk their lives and endure mental stress to save others. 
I hope as we're watching this Corona virus epidemic, we're seeing the grave impact these Chinese loans are going to have on us when  to shove...
A Chinese doctor who warned against a coronavirus outbreak before it was officially recognized died of the virus on Friday  
Antarctica logs hottest temperature on record with a reading of 18.3C (about 65 degrees Fahrenheit). Even in the midst of the WuHan corona virus epidemic, those Chinese can STILL put on one fuck of a hoax.  …
State health officials say there is a new potential coronavirus case in Northern Virginia. Testing of two other patients in the region have been negative for the virus that has killed 637 in China.  …
I frankly don’t care where you stand politically, but if you want to contain this deadly Corona Virus, if you have any shred  sense, it makes Zero reason to support any party or candidate supporting Open Borders!  …
Daytona 2011: Newman getting passed by a Penske car on the last lap is  as the damn Corona Virus. Will a Penske car win the 2020 Daytona 500? #NASCAR 
Most are missing the point on this China virus. Its about managing tail risk. Being myopic about the characteristics of this f****** virus. More than that. Simple question you want to ask is "what if I'm wrong". Then what. I'll tell you. It's f****** over but the shouting.
10-year-old boy diagnosed with coronavirus shows no symptoms, raising concerns if the virus is spreading undetected.. #China #Wuhan #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #ChinaVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronaOutbreak  …
Quarantining 400M people due to a virus that has killed less than 1k people doesn’t make sense to me. I don’t trust these numbers the Chinese govt is putting out. It seems to me that they’re fudging the numbers and they know it’s far worse than what they’re publishing.
Whatever you want to believe about this virus, a significant portion of Chinese & global GDP has been shut down for weeks. How does this square with ATH equity markets?
Whenever there’s a new outbreak, scientists rush to calculate a number called R0, or R-naught. Why? It’s been a critical part of the scientific effort to understand just how transmissible the new virus is. 
It's like the rest of the the world wants Corona virus in Africa so bad, so they can make it our thing.
This video of these two whistle blowers who came to mourn the doctor that alerted the world on corona virus is the most touching thing you might see on the internet today 
Singapore lifts virus alert to SARS level, sparking panic buying  
I sometimes wonder if the Coronavirus it's more widespread then reported. It's surprising that the international cities like New York Las Vegas San Francisco and Miami I reporting so few cases of the virus. Thoughts?
A medical expert active in the fight against the ongoing novel #coronavirus epidemic in China said that medical professionals are using randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials to see whether the experimental drug Remdesivir can be effective in curbing the virus.
Dear prime minister sir Do you know how dangerous the corona virus is,Is India ready to fight this virus? When big countries like China are not able to face it, then how will we face it? Why are you wasting time in elections? Sir, you are moving towards India before the election. 
Richmond lab to start corona virus testing on Feb 12 
On the upside, there's a good chance we probably will all get corona virus and die before the election...
“My dear friends: I am imploring you. I know everyone is panicking over Corona virus, but there is something far more deadly that you need to be concerned with. The flu. My boss just lost her 38 year old brother in law. He went to an urgent care on Sunday, did not test positive
“We are ready for Corona Virus” kusho ama South Africans kodwa acishe abulawa uPolony 
Still interested in the Wuhan virus? Get it before it's gone! 
‘He’s Got The Mulan Virus!’ Yells Don Jr. Attempting To Quarantine Eric By Duct Taping Garbage Bag Over Head  
There is a big difference in what we are being told and what reactions by governments we are seeing when  to the China virus. We are told it's killing about 2-3%. Yet China has shut down almost 90% of it's economy and quarantined more than 50+million of it's population.
Dr. Vanessa Kerry on the coronavirus: "We're learning still what the scope of this virus is and what the trajectory is going to be ... there's a huge amount of fear and a huge amount of uncertainty." 
Now China uses student dormitories for quarantine hospitals for 5,000 - 8,000 beds. Students out - Citizens in. - so much for „virus contained“ 
Corona virus has infected someone I know, my thoughts: 
this virus is deadly.. beware! 
China Reports, Deletes, Then Again Reports Death of Wuhan Virus Whistleblower Doctor  …
With large numbers of people from across the world packed together in close quarters, cruises are susceptible to outbreaks of disease. If someone boards with a virus it is easy for infection to spread. Typically 4% of passengers fall ill during an outbreak  …
#China has devoted enormous effort to managing the news of Dr. #LiWenliang's condition, even declaring him dead twice. He was officially brought back to life because the first announcement triggered so much anger. Too bad Beijing has not spent as much energy fighting the virus.  …
How many locations are they going to "quarantine" the potential Coronovirus people at? All it takes is 1 person at each location to spread the virus and then it's nationwide! Aren't we smart enough to quarantine them all in one location??
Hey animal/science folks? Responding to news that the corona virus may  from pangolins is NOT the time to gloat about them “finally not being trafficked.” A lot of people are dead & sick that were never involved with pangolin trafficking. It’s a bad look.
'Just feels like such eerie similarities. The way the Soviets massively downplayed, hid, even cognitively believed their own denial of the true scale of Chernobyl. But radiation fall-out doesn't give a damn about ideology or censorship. And neither does a virus.
Died of the virus? Or silenced by the police/government.  …
Scientists discover virus with no recognizable genes  …
China Dr who tried to warn us if corona virus has died of the disease The Lab where it was kept is in Wuhan near ground zero. What if they are making bio warfare & it got lose? Big Questions & faith Our borders stay closed! Open Borders Crazy right now! Is that what dems want?  …
Guys!..I got Specially notification for #CoronavirusOutbreak Chinese rage after the death of the doctor who tried to warn the world about corona virus. (MujheHiMilaHaiYaApkoBhi) 
While British people are mocking anyone who looks Chinese on public transports in Britain,Iran has provided 3 million surgical masks and expressed readiness to offer more assistance for China to fight against the virus.Ambassador of China to Iran tweet this video to thank Iran.  …
Woman without a mask is arrested immediately. She’s just like a panic deer. There are many Chinese like her can’t afford a mask are taken away to nowhere... #CCP_is_terrorist Nobody can defeat #coronavirus but a #tyranny can kill the ppl like virus does. 
You can't make this up. General Secretary  regime detained and silenced Dr. Wenliang for speaking out on the dangers of coronavirus, and now the virus has taken his life. Their refusal to be fully transparent has put the world at risk.  …
This needs to be said repeatedly by #publichealth agencies in all countries. If #2019nCoV can't be contained, it is not because of gov't failures but the nature of the virus. #Coronavirus spreads easily & mildly infected people may  …
Zero contamination procedures for Corona virus patients at New Jersey cruise outbreak.  …
The China virus is showing how borders are important. By Trump closing the borders to travelers from China, it allows us to keep freedom of movement in this country. If we had open borders like Dems want, we would have big sections of USA shutdown by now. Will it be enough? IDK
South Korea mass wedding attracts thousands despite virus fears  
They're going to use Africa as the testing ground for both cures and the extent the virus can be destructive. Once a cure is figured out, they'll heal themselves and leave our people to suffer. Next thing Bono's doing a Save Africa concert to fight the epidemic 
Watching Padmaja Joshi of Times Now at Shaheen Bagh. A Maulana openly refuses to recognise elected BJP Govt of India-yet talks of constitution. Shaheen Bagh-is nothing but incubator of Gazwa e Hind virus. Was RahulG referring to this virus hitting PM of India,with Sticks?
Scientists have discovered a virus that has no recognizable genes, making it among the strangest of all known viruses. 
Can you catch the corona virus from visiting Asian porn sites?
Wokeism is a Mind Virus. 
Our tour in Asia is cancelled due to the Corona virus but I am embracing the free time to ride in Paris. Stay safe everyone! #bmx #coronavirus 
This guy is training to defeat the Corona Virus 
An announcer on a train from Harbin, NE China’s Heilongjiang Province to #Wuhan has tested negative for nucleic acid after showing symptoms of fever and cough, but eight of his family members were confirmed to have been infected with the virus, and two of them died. 
Hong Kong weathered the global financial crisis in 2009 and a devastating virus that killed hundreds and sickened thousands in 2003. But this time it is facing an economic, political and social crisis all at once. 
Hongkongers may share the same view of “don’t know when it will end or how much worse it will get” under the political, economic & social crises all at once. Local govt “is just disappointing, don’t know how to deal with unrest nor handle the virus.” 
The Corona virus trend on here every day that shit got clout
The Corona Virus pandemic is ... getting more and more frightening ... this is the latest announcement in the U.S.A ... and also below that ... a latest clip leaked from Wuhan ... 
The best way to avoid infection with a virus like a corona are simple steps like hand washing. A 2014 study out of UK found the fist bump transferred 90 percent fewer bacteria than a regular, old handshake. Simple steps can slow spread of viruses.  
China built a #hospital in 10 days, equipped with military doctors experienced in fighting #Ebola in West Africa. Step by step, China seems to be catching up with the wide-spreading #virus. #coronavirus #knowthefacts #askWHO @WHO @DrTedros  …
Personally I think they are trying to hide something, the timing of this Virus if it turns out to be a real pandemic I find more than coincidental 
Headline fix- China state media reports, Wuhan government mourns Li Wenliang, a young WHISTLEBLOWER doctor who was FORCED BY STATE-CONTROLLED POLICE TO RECANT HIS EARLY WARNING ABOUT A MYSTERY VIRUS IN CHINA, BEFORE HE passed away after being infected by A MYSTERY VIRUS IN CHINA  …
#SouthKorea - In sickness and in health: S. Korea mass wedding defies virus fears.  More on AFPForum  
Davido jumped on stage with Young Thug to Perform ‘Fall’ in Dubai and the whole crowd went crazy. Play ‘Fall’ in the US, UK, Dubai, Nigeria, in fact anywhere in the whole word and everyone will go crazy. Davido’s Music is a virus, it has spread everywhere 
Stopped for a man standing in front of a Zebra Crossing. Dude stood there looking at me as if I've the corona virus. It was not until I screamed at him to "move his ass" that local man realised I stopped for him to cross. He probably never thought a car will stop for him to cross
Passengers on a virus-stricken cruise ship in Japan speak about life under quarantine  
If I get corona virus give me lime disease too cuz ion want no corona without lime
So far, 61 passengers on a cruise ship off Japan have tested positive for coronavirus. The entire ship is quarantined until at least February 19 -- and some passengers who don't have the virus are scared that it could only be a matter of time until they do 
A few weeks ago Dr Li was an “alarmist” who was charged with fear mongering about the #coronavirus. He passed away from the very virus that he warned others about... Now he is hailed as a courageous hero for sounding the alarm.  …
Widespread panic-buying of essentials such as toilet rolls and rice hits in Hong Kong, a knock-on effect of the virus outbreak in mainland China. 
Ripping up that piece of garbage propaganda was not illegal. The #ImpeachedPresident's ripping of the Constitution, however, is. Media: can you please stop giving air to to the virus that is that cretinous criminal cockwaffle? Thanks! #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare
The largest manufacturer in the world has 500 million people quarantined owing to a virus that is said to be a killer, and the markets could not care less.
we’re sorry for any inconvenience caused, but let’s help each other stay virus-free 
-I don’t do Corporate Holidays -My bad I was busy with work -My phone wasn’t getting texts and I just got it fixed -My cousin’s other grandfather died, I didn’t even feel like talking -I wanted to see you, but I thought I  down with that Heineken Virus
@realDonaldTrump This passenger says “they spoke about screening but they didn’t and I just wanted to get off” they let them go in public. Ship Anthem of the Seas in Bayonne NJ. Stop them. Keep them in States that already have the virus. Or you will spread to all states. My God. 
He's wrong 2 support @hkpoliceforce brutality. But #DrLiWenliang redeemed himself w/ his life by being a #coronavirus whistleblower who may have saved millions inside & outside. Thusis the 1st nation 2 bannationals 2 stop this killer virus spreading in. Have mercy on him.  …
happy birthday to our happy virus, Jeongin!!! thank you for always bringing the biggest smiles to our faces and always working so hard, STAY love you more than you will ever know and we’re all so proud of you #INcredibleMaknaeDay #HappyINDay 
400 million on lockdown Forced "mass quarantine camps" Billions in economic damage Virus can live for 9 days on surfaces BTW It's seasonal 
China is facing multiple severe challenges at once: *Corona Virus *African Swine Flu *Possible H15N *Shadow Banking failure *Trade war *Failing supply to overseas buyers (Kia etc) *Hong Kong unrest *400 million quarantine *segments of economy closed (Foxcon etc) #Coronavius
I would question what the hell is IN the mist that they are spreading all over the city?? They could actually be spreading the virus or something worse. Not a good feeling about it, that’s just me.  …
Question for health officials: If the cruise ship Anthem of the Seas has 12 suspected Coronavirus cases and docks in New Jersey how does it make sense to allow 5000 passengers to walk off if the symptoms of the virus don't show up for 2 weeks? Aren't we risking public health?
. @acoyne's #MustRead on "the virus that is #Trumpism" "It is not possible to look at all that Mr. Trump is and all that he represents – the pathological lying, the habitual corruption, the serial groping, the casual racism, the glorification of violence, the winking to Nazis,
Really interesting talk on virus evolution by @VignuzziLab: good and bad neighbouroods in viral sequence space at #Viruses2020 
‘He’s Got The Mulan Virus!’ Yells Don Jr. Attempting To Quarantine Eric By Duct Taping Garbage Bag Over Head  
THREAD: If this is right, and Ro ends up 2-3, this could be potentially devastating in countries where we can’t contain epidemic spread. The range of disease manifestation, from very mild to severe disease - can hamper containment since milds can still spread virus efficiently.  …
More and more it seems like a man made bio weapon. Only thing is if that is the case I think we are seeing how out of control it can get and wreak havoc on a nation. Even blow back. Else mother nature created its own plague to cull its own human virus.
The whole world is talking about the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Guess who isn't? Xi Jinping - missing in action, missing from media reports, no statement, no reassurance. Xi doesn't want to he the face of this failing response. But the virus is set to bug his grip on power.  …
#SuicideAwareness 2020, Day 38. In the UK we have already lost appx 676 people to suicide this year. If this was any physical health condition, or virus, it would be headline news, it would be classed as pandemic, a solution would be sought. Where is the outcry? #Action4Suicide
bruh this girl just walked by me really close while covering her mouth and nose with her jacket and stared at me & waved like tf girl yes imma cough on u and give u the corona virus if you don’t get out of my face
Imagine one guy with corana virus at Batu caves. 
Two reasons why this virus is not “just the flu “ 1. There is a TWO WEEK incubation period – meaning symptoms don’t appear in an infected person for 14 days so you could be exposed to many people who look well Making it impossible to protect yourself from exposure AND  …
Coronavirus: Illegal trade of pangolins could have helped spread deadly virus  …
How do you avoid the virus? How effective are face masks? @IATA's Dr. David Powell answers the biggest #coronavirus questions you may have before catching your flight. More @business:  
Arrh ready sen ?? The virus dey go world tour or what ? Mo nkwasiasem dier  …
So I received an email from Rutgers about the coronavirus situation, and it STRONGLY IMPLIES that faculty/staff have questioned Chinese students about whether they've been exposed to the virus Is Rutgers... disciplining... said faculty/staff? 
for all you might know the virus could be in normal status! but govt smart...scare everyone to boost economy by making everyone buy and stock up! #dontwanttoeatbatahbro? #plottwist
 video of Iranians thanking China & Wuhan province for countering corona virus. Fascinating to see so many Iranians speaking Chinese. Seems part of some public diplomacy effort & a sign of #Iran’s pivot away from 
My good friend's colleague, Steve Gouws, working at international  ZTE, Cape Town, South Africa died at 13:00 today after being exposed to another colleague who returned from China last week. Hospital refused to say Corona virus. They claim it's swine flu.
POPULAR CITIZEN JOURNALISTS COVERING VIRUS GO MISSING IN CHINA - seconds later CHINA HAS SHOWN UNPRECEDENTED TRANSPARENCY ON VIRUS: PENCE
...for this I'd like to introduce you to @ProMED_mail - the single best collator of reliable news on disease outbreaks that there is. Its invaluable. It has been invaluable for years, and long may it continue. Thus far there are 37 updates about the new virus there (22)
Please check out the HeartCry update on the boldness of the believers in Wuhan, China in the midst of the Corona virus -  …
A tragedy that reveals how important freedom of speech is. Hope more Chinese citizens choose to stand up to authoritarian CCP. Otherwise, the same story will repeat again one day as CCP isn't held accountable for downplaying this deadly virus & censoring news. 
The New York Times: “The government’s initial handling of the epidemic allowed the virus to gain a tenacious hold. At critical moments, officials chose to put secrecy and order ahead of openly confronting the growing crisis....” The silenced doctor has died. We must learn:  …
Mixed bag of feelings towards this article. Retweeting because there is some solid #WINk info included. My heart goes out to those effected by the virus.  …
The Chinese doctor who was silenced by authorities when he was one of the first to sound the alarm about the coronavirus has died from the virus, according to the hospital where he was being treated. Worldwide, the number of cases has passed 31,000.  
Call me cynical, but I have a feeling we fall from ATH to lower lows than we saw last week. This virus seems way worse than we thought last week, when we celebrated the nonexistent cure rally.
do you want to sort the virus? cause idk  …
These cruise ships are going to spread that virus like crazy... ... Here are four people now in New Jersey that may have it.  …
Singapore sees 3 more unlinked #nCov cases: "...were discovered because hospitals here have started testing all pneumonia patients for the virus." Not good news -- we have to start testing routinely.  …
eh hello nurses are the reasons why ALL OF YOU are living right now. if you’re so afraid of getting the virus then STAY AT HOME LA PUNDE 
I would like to know why these individuals are allowed to leave the ship; whereas the ship in Japan has confined all people to the ship. Isn’t this the same virus @CDCgov @RoyalCaribbean ~ not even wearing protective gear
New Freemasons are put through a memorization program called "Posting", which works like a mental virus that subtly reprograms their minds.
JPM: revises down down China’s Q1 forecast to 1% followed by a sharp rebound in 2Q to 9.3%... once the virus is clearly contained we need to position for the Q2 global growth rebound
Genetic sequences of viruses isolated from the scaly animals are 99% similar to that of the circulating virus — but the work is yet to be formally published. 
Just so we’re clear - San Antonio will willingly fly carriers of a deadly virus in it’s city before allowing a Chick-Fil-A in the airport.
How people in China eat at canteens amid the virus. Credit: Douyin 
The words “China Virus” on one of Vancouver’s largest newspapers is racist dogwhistling. Demand a retraction. Sign the petition.  #coronavirus
We're seeing with the Coronavirus that Open Borders are not a good thing. Hardly surprising as they don't exist in Nature or your body. The virus gets through the via the opening of Tight Junctions. The pathogens are carried to the rest of the body via the blood stream....
well it's really good for fanmu to announce the postponement of ticket selling before aaf. The virus outbreak is no joke >< cases are still increasing. I hope everyone will be safe :( Always wash your hands & cover ur mouth when cough or sneezing
We are aware of local concerns regarding the Airborne Virus. So far only ecstatic citizens are in danger. Joy invites the sickness to enter your skin. Remain inside and in sorrow.
I can’t imagine what I would do if the British government refused to evacuate me from a country with a deadly virus outbreak. what do you mean “stay there”? deep that Wuhan are running out of supplies. people are living in fear. people are dying. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Coronavirus, things to note a thread (?) - The virus is mainly spread via droplets, human contact, and feces - The average incubation period is 5.2days, but can be as long as 18days; during this time patients show no signs of symptoms, but can spread the virus out
A Chinese doctor who warned against a coronavirus outbreak before it was officially recognized died of the virus on Friday, triggering a wave of public mourning and rare expressions of anger towards the government online  
We are, after all, talking about 80% of the economy, and 90% of exporters, simply not functioning. This is already seeing supply-chain knock-on effects for a swathe of global firms and this, very much like the virus itself, will snowball as time passes if nothing changes  …
Can someone please explain to me why China would engineer a virus that targets mostly Asian men?
Country #19 in Europe (and #11 in the EU) to get acquainted to African #Swine Fever is Greece . #ASF virus was found in a #pig on a #breeding farm. Read all about it at @PigProgress  
Dettol knew about this CORONA VIRUS in 2019..Surprising...Dettol... ???????? 
Fellow Singaporeans. Fret not. To prevent yourself from contracting the nCov virus, do hydrate yourself more and drink vit C daily! Rest and sleep more. If you are feeling unwell, please wear mask out to prevent yourself from getting the wuhan virus.
#Chinese social media censors hashtag ‘I want freedom of speech’ after #coronavirus whistleblower doctor dies Li Wenliang was 1 of 8 whistleblowers reprimanded by Wuhan police for spreading “illegal & false” information about the virus.  …
“The Chinese public have staged what amounts to an online revolt after the death of a doctor, Li Wenliang, who tried to warn of a mysterious virus that has since killed hundreds of people in China”  …
This is fine. Chinese state media is reporting a lockdown in Guangzhou (14M people) due to the Wuhan virus. Considering this is a global high tech manufacturing hub, the economic impacts are going to be felt by Western tech. #Wuhan #CoronaVirus  
#Coronavirus infections explode across Diamond Princess cruise ship, now reaching 61 confirmed cases out of 273 tested (22% infection rate)  … ‘... virus is exploding across at least two cruise ships which are currently under quarantine ...’
In response to the virus crisis, Beijing develops keyboards and touchscreens that can sense anomalous typing behaviors in conjunction with micro-level change patterns in user facial expressions, using AI to delete posts while they are being written. Devices will be WHO approved. 
If the virus doesn’t take her, I’m sure all these instant noodles will. 
The virus is on tour?  …
SCREMNDMFDS even the condom aisles empty tf i cant stand singaporeans but glad to see y'all practising safe sex even during a virus
JAPAN ABE: STARTING TO SEE LARGE IMPACT ON LOCAL ECONOMIES FROM VIRUS
Dr. Li Wenliang first sounded warning that viral infections in a Chinese province - corona virus, could grow out of control. He was forced to sign a statement denouncing his warning as unfounded & illegal. He has died after contracting the coronavirus.  …
Corona virus should exclude Africa like international artists exclude Africa during their “World tours”  …
Spread the SM virus we taking over #Coronavius Shatta Wale this year is our year oh 
Wan to die can die anytime wan so scared kena virus for what. Relek la.
Separating mild and severe coronavirus cases and decreasing the fatality rate are priorities when fighting the #coronavirus, said Dr Zhang Jixian, who is considered to be the first doctor to report the deadly virus. 
Trump is going to change by finding Jesus like potatoes in a child’s socks will cure a virus.
This morning on the news they showed them letting passengers off the ship with their luggage? WTF? This is how the infection will go mainstream in the USA. @CNN A virus spreads around a ship like wildfire.
B R E A K I N G NEWS ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying and I quote "Shaici ting yang Dong fong cho. Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle". I agree with him because it's for our own good.
2% fatality virus and singaporeans treating it like a zombie apocalypse
Bernie's  is awesome and we need state-controlled medicine! Oh, by the way, it took the Chinese Communists a whole day of deleted, reposted, and re-deleted bulletins to admit a whistleblowing doctor died of the Wuhan virus.  …
Australian dollar crashing on virus update
Concerts and Shows Canceled Across Asia as Virus Outbreak Spooks Entertainers  … via @thr
Hundreds of students frm pakistan studying in Wuhan city of China. There are nearly about 20 to 25 students of Balochistan who are stuck there due to Carona Virus. We request pakistanti authorities Please take necessary steps to take them back to their homes. @ImranKhanPTI
NEW: Remember the name Dr. Li Wenliang. Anger and grief are rocking China after the #coronavirus whistleblower died from the virus he first warned the country of. Authorities accused him of spreading rumors. 31,000 have been infected. More than 600 have died. @CBSNews is 
Things nightmares are made of Coronavirus: Dozens more catch virus on quarantined cruise ship  
#SS8inOSAKA :Recently health is a concern right. There's the virus, we were troubled should we do the concert or not. For people who wear mask & for who not, please be careful with your health! :Ne~ :That was from super junior ministry of health and welfare :Ah yes lol  …
Yet the WHO praises the Chinese government for being transparent and doing everything possible to help contain the spread of the virus. I don't trust the Chinese government or WHO for that matter.
China's January yuan loans set to jump to 3 trillion yuan, virus darkens growth outlook: Reuters poll  
I have been frequently tweeting on this issue, noticing the lax approach of the DGCA, MoH, state govts. God forbid, if this virus spreads here we will have a major disaster. Unprepared hospitals, large mass of illiterate, semi-literate, & educated illiterate wrt public hygiene.
“Researchers are baffled by segments of the virus's RNA that have no relation to other coronaviruses like SARS, and instead appear to be closer to HIV. The virus even responds to treatment by HIV medications”  …
Is the virus on excursion or tour?? I guess that’s the only image BBC can use to represent Africa.
@CDCemergency @WhiteHouse @GovMurphy Just trying to understand logic? If you have a ship that just docked in Bayonne NJ & removed 10 people for suspicion of a lung condition & not sure if it's Corona Virus test take 36hrs , why would they let the other few thousand people go ?
Yesung told fans to use a new mask tomorrow (because of the virus), they shouldn't use the same mask for the 3 days of concerts ^^ [__o8___24]
Ayurveda is ancient, predates the discovery of the structure of any virus. Why are they wasting time and energy?  … @deccanherald
I’d like to apologize  I made last night on @CNN. The coronavirus is an epidemic affecting mainland China. It is not, I have learned, a virus that “turns you Chinese.” I regret the error and look forward to future appearances on America’s most trusted name in news.
Bought my phone from a china recently, it's freezing,coughing and heating all the time, it's showing me all the indicators of the corona virus #CoronaOutbreak 
Cruise ship docked in #Bayonne New Jersey with infected passengers. It would be insanity to not quarantine all the remaining passengers on the ship. As the passengers with the virus were taken off by medics notwearing full gear- obliviousness is evident. #bayonne #nCoV2019
Dr. Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist working in Wuhan, tried to warn people about the coronavirus in late December. But he was silenced by police. He died from the virus on Friday local time, at the age of 34. 
imagine when the virus gets better and more controlled.... the amount of food they have to finish before it expires  …
The most heartening thing to see during Delhi election was the conduct of youth. They were rationale, informed, goal oriented and above all acceptability for all. The retired Uncles were the most effected lot by hate virus. #DelhiElections2020
When the Ebola virus broke out, US closed embassies, evacuated diplomats and their citizens from the affected areas.China sent anti-epidemic materials as soon as possible, and sent more than 1,000 medical personnel to the areas with the worst epidemic.  …
(200207) renjun's psa regarding the coronavirus virus situation! please take care everyone #仁俊 
Yeah ok Government really thinks people are dumb, let’s just sprinkle some Corona Virus on him and call it a day...  …
If the science matches the news report, this would be more convincing than the snake suggestion, which was based on codon usage and not identification of virus in an animal. & doesn't rule out bats as the ultimate reservoir: SARS and MERS also have intermediate animals. /2 
Long time no see guys! OMG! I traveled back to Vietnam to visit my dad and got hit by the Corona Virus. I’m safe but heck I’ve been coop Up my house for a month already! Anyhow I’m still alive! Here are some headshot and bust up sketches #anime #manga #illustration 
“Sometimes in emerging infectious disease outbreaks misinformation may be more dangerous than the actual threat of the virus because it prompts people to take action that may have secondary cascading effects,” said @AmeshAA, a @JHSPH_CHS senior  …
This group of people are the real virus .  …
Cruise ship turned away as virus alarm doctor dies in China  …
y’all cause unnecessary panic and distress for no reason. Seems like the only thing that seems to be spreading faster than the virus is the fear. Honestly, wth? People dont even have masks anymore and y’all wiping out rice???  …
If ur EGO speaks... Then my +ve attitude replies .....
Scientists around the globe are scrambling to find a vaccine against the new flu-like virus from China. Read and watch:  
At some point media may have to rethink about the coverage of this #CoronaOutbreak Who created this fear? Is the virus really deadly, or we all over reacted? Look at this buying spree in Singapore now: 
The whole thing of #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan is really a sensitive matter, truth is if that virus gets here, the way we are poor, we shall die like insects but again the students have  home, their families must be so worried.
wow, 400 million people locked down - confirmed cases & deaths don't make sense - china underreporting - trump praising china for their efforts - ccp hiding the extent of the virus outbreak so the world doesn't freak out - global supply chains severed - economic   …
The news reports said the #virus was under control ... they were wrong. TIPPING POINT  99p or #FREE on #KindleUnlimited Over 300 x 5* across series Lots of great #bookblogger reviews '...you really should just go pick it 
What we're covering here  … The Chinese Doctor Who first blew the whistle about the coronavirus has died from that virus.
There are more than 3,700 people on board, including 2,600 passengers, of whom 428 are American. So far, 61 passengers have tested positive for the virus, and the quarantine is expected to last until at least February 19.  …
How do you avoid the virus? How effective are face masks? @IATA's Dr. David Powell answers the biggest #coronavirus questions you may have before hopping on a plane. More @business:  
Actor Zhang Jin 张晋 used Jackson's Hunger as the BGM for this short clip where he literally fights virus to show support for the battle against the coronavirus  
The world is facing a "chronic shortage" of anti-virus protective equipment in the fight against #Coronavirus, WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said, adding that he is speaking to the Pandemic Supply Chain Network to find 
apparently people are getting a virus from corona beer and i would just like to say stay sober folks and stay safe
Viruses have no nationality. Stand with China in its fight against the #coronavirus. China is sparing no effort to save lives and is applying strict or extreme measures to contain the virus to its own soil. This is a fight China is determined to win for all humankind. 
@patel4witham More needs to be done, well something must be done to turn the illegal immigrants back to France. With a deadly virus spreading in the world you must send unlawful migrants back to France!
Does the virus require a red carpet
Corona virus checks in Milan 
Find out the latest updates on the outbreak of #coronavirus in China, including the current situation in the UK and information about the virus and its symptoms.  
Buddy... you ARE the virus.
I don't give a flying fu*k about Philip Scofield. There's a virus killing people. There are children dying in Syria Yemen. The government in this country is trying to deport 50 people who are legally here. Feel sorry for his wife & kids. But it's not headline news. Get a grip.
more on copper >> Virus Hits #Copper Trade as China Asks Chile to Defer Cargoes China’s copper buyers are asking Chilean miners to delay shipments due to port shutdowns, adding to tumult in  trade in the wake of the coronavirus  …
Dozens of people on a quarantined cruise ship in Japan have now been diagnosed with coronavirus, including eight Americans. The death toll now includes a prominent doctor, who blew the whistle on the virus, @mollymhunter 
It’s a small world after all, a frightening thought if the virus  a global pandemic, but a mixed blessing for the scores of Wuhan natives living in Pittsburgh, which has been a “sister city” of Wuhan for nearly 40 years.  …
"today we're going to talk about the prevention of the Corona Virus" me being the only asian in class:  …
Hong Kong unveils virus quarantine plans, with jail for dodgers  …
Chinese state television has released what it says is a recent video showing the production of medical supplies like hazmat suits and gloves used  the #coronavirus outbreak. The death toll in China for the virus rose to 636 people on Friday 
Corona virus is the second dangerous virus in the world. @OpIndia_com maintaining its top position very strongly
Pogba will hope to return and be match fit for #mufc against Chelsea on the 17th of February. Pogba is doing double session to get back fit to help United fight for a top 4 sport and FA Cup success this season. Do not allow the media to indoctrinate you, he is not a virus. 
Message Overthinking is like being ‘sick’ from a virus or infection. A negative thought in your mind has spread everywhere, poisoning the entire well-being or (energy) body, affecting the way you think and act. The medicine? Awareness and forming new thought patterns.
at family gathering. sister coughed a bit. my dad jokes “hehe you having toyota virus!” everyone was like “what?” he explained, like we’re slow: “toyota virus, because it’s corolla virus” COROLLA VIRUS
Wall Street Warnings Grow Louder for Investors Defying Virus “Pretty much every client we talk to wants to buy the dip” wrote Tobias Levkovich, Citigroup chief U.S. equity strategist. “And that is  No, it’s not ht ⁦  …
Thank you for constantly making me smile ... #PERFECTROSEDAY 
Interesting that in the pangolin paper  … [data posted on Virological] they state "16 [of 21] died after extensive rescue efforts. Most of the dead pangolins had a swollen lung which contained a frothy liquid". They presumably picked up the virus in China?
A memorial for Dr Li Wenliang is held in Hong Kong, roughly 30 people came to pay their respects, bowed three times and lay flowers. Dr Li died today from the virus he was trying to warn everyone about before it became an epidemic. 
I dunno why they announced it like the virus was going on a world tour
Citizen Journalist Covering Virus Outbreak From Wuhan Goes Missing @chenqiushi404  
We have sha budgeted N650 million in case the virus is accepting money.  …
#BREAKING Global shortage of anti-virus protective gear: WHO chief Tedros 
If you only look for pneumonia, you won't find not pneumonia. Kind of a problem if a new virus can lead to not pneumonia, because cases will walk past your pneumonia-focussed screening efforts. I mean, heaven forbid we *test* more widely to find out some things
"A monumental moment for our collective conscience.” @LiYuan6's column on the extraordinary outpouring of grief and rage over the death of Dr. Li Wenliang, the doctor in Wuhan punished for alerting colleagues to a dangerous new virus.  …
Under the directives of King Salman bin Abdulaziz #KSrelief provides aid to #China, which contributes to  the effects of the #Corona virus 
So far as I am aware, nothing on today's BBC news about the slaughter underway in Idlib. By contrast the news that one British tourist on a cruise ship anchored off Japan has been infect with the corona virus featured prominently. We are  too insular.
The death of a doctor who was reprimanded for warning about China’s virus triggers an outpouring of praise for him and fury  authorities put politics above public safety. Li Wenliang died at the hospital where he worked and treated patients. 
We'd been very passive in d face of novel corona virus. Meanwhile, in Indonesia- 
BREAKING: #RoyalCarribean Anthem Of The Seas pulling in to port in Bayonne w possible Corona Virus fears. 1-2 dozen Chinese Nationals aboard cruise to Bahamas. Reports: they have “pulmonary symptoms” & need to be evaluated. Quarantine? Testing? Passenger impact? Live 
Downtown of Shanghai, a city with 24 million people and it is totally empty. More stories in my Instagram @tallada12 #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #China #virus #Shanghai #downtown #coronaviruschina #off #WuhanPneumonia #ChinaVirus #shocking 
Your friends who became rich and snubbed you were not changed by money. They were revealed by money. It‘s like the cold virus. It is not the cold environment that gave you a cold. The virus was already in you. The cold environment just activated it #FreeLeahSharibu 
"Warmer weather weakens the virus" - Donald Trump, MD.
"My point: the yellow propaganda machine should cease to use the virus for political ends. Instead, they should focus their time, effort and obvious resources in helping the people understand the disease in an effort to counter both panic and xenophobia."  …
Corona Virus Effect 
loona not wearing masks again.. we get it,, you miss us...you want to see fans closer up, and we also want to see you closer up but thats also exactly what the virus want so chop chop take out your masks right now girlies
CNN PH Special Presentation: As the novel coronavirus infects more people worldwide, the information and misinformation are spreading faster than the virus itself. We will dispel the rumors, false claims, and miracle cures with @piahontiveros | LIVE  
So not only is  ragging on the amount of empty seats when we all know it's because fans with tickets made the selfless decision to stay away because of the virus, but he then makes a JOKE about the virus? What the hell is your selection criteria? @ISU_Figure
they stopped the protests in china by releasing the corona virus
I’ve seen this firsthand. After all, Marsha Blackburn sent 2 armed US Marshals to subpoena me to Congress to stop my research that could’ve been helpful for studying the Zika virus, a WHO declared emergency at the time, as well as the coronavirus today.  …
“The weather warms up and the virus  weaker?” Are you f**king serious? You are an imbecile.
— winwin donation project for wuhan's virus we have raised as total of 1528 yuan for the Wenzhou Red Cross and Wuhan Benevolent General  thankful and grateful for everyone who pitched in and donated, may god bless your hearts 温州加油！中国加油！ 
May Allah help everyone effected with the #coronavirus. Very Heart Breaking, innocent people are dying from the Virus.
Apparently this is what the Chinese ate to get the corona virus, these people need their own planet because 
The genome sequence of the novel #coronavirus strain separated from #pangolins was 99 percent identical to that from infected people, indicating pangolins may be an intermediate host of the virus, a study has found.  
Corona virus patient caught in Pakistan 
MAJORITY OF U.S. FIRMS IN CHINA EXPECT REVENUE HIT DUE TO CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK - AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE SURVEY NEARLY A QUARTER OF U.S. FIRMS IN CHINA SEE 2020 REVENUES DROPPING AT LEAST 16% DUE TO VIRUS - SURVEY Follow the story live: 
Death toll in China from this virus now exceeds 600. Chinese authorities’ obsessive secrecy created what is shaping up as a pandemic. But the forever-impeached Trump accepts Xi’s word that “they are doing very well.”  …
HON HAI TELLS STAFF NOT TO RETURN TO SHENZHEN HQ TO CURB VIRUS - So the rumor was right
You & your ilk can never feel empathy because you are infected with the  virus of selfishness, ingratitude & extreme prejudice against what is noble around you ! Your natural instincts rejects goodness like a body's immune system rejects an organ implant !  …
Are you corona virus? Because you are killing me
Li Wenliang became a hero to millions for raising the alarm over the coronavirus epidemic. His own death from the virus has sparked an outpouring of grief and anger in China 
Meanwhile, on Chinese social media sites, Dr. Wenliang and the seven others who initiated the news about the virus are now being regarded as public heroes.
In a post on Weibo dating January 31, Dr. Wenliang wrote about the delay in the government’s intervention on the spread of the virus.
Seven other healthcare workers were also targeted by police for blowing the whistle on the contagious virus.
The expression ‘whistle-blower’ is in the news today. But what is a whistle-blower? We can tell you here... #learnenglish #bbclearningenglish #vocab #news #whistleblower #elt #esl #wordsinthenews #coronoavirus #doctor #China #whistleblowers #LiWenliang #DrLi #health #virus 
Wtf is going on . We nearly had ww3, a virus is going to kill us all & Philip schofield is fucking gay. What a time to be alive
The new virus, which emerged at a live animal market in Wuhan city late last year, is believed to have originated in bats, but researchers have suggested there could have been an "intermediate host" in the transmission to humans. #coronavirus #nCoV READ:  
China's January yuan loans set to jump to 3 trillion yuan, virus darkens growth outlook: Reuters poll  
Passengers on a virus-stricken cruise ship in Japan speak about life under quarantine  
Asian nations have profited handsomely from the impressive growth in tourists from China over the past decade, but the specter of a rapidly spreading virus has raised concerns over industry prospects. 
The #coronavirus global death toll rises to at least 638, as confirmed cases reach more than 31,000 in mainland China. Meanwhile, an additional 41 people have tested positive for the virus on a cruise ship currently docked and quarantined in Japan's Yokohama Bay.
Japan in a recession. Germany data regressive (before virus impact). China growth slowing dramatically. Just 3 of the 4 largest economies in the world. But keep buying a stock market with 150%+ market cap vs GDP & insist the yield curve means nothing.  …
There's a whole bunch of Singaporeans who really dgaf about this Wuhan Virus hor! Like they'll say 'AIYA WON'T KENA ONE LA'.... LEL. #FamousLastWords
Guys please, don't panic. The patient in Iba,Zambales that is said to have the symptoms of the novel cov is already under clinical observation. Let's just all pray that the patient wil respond negative to the virus once the result of the lab tests are released
Imagine if someone had corona virus and the person went to bloom, the whole Accra condemned within two weeks
Apparently cocaine kills the corona virus . Wild . The cure was right under our nose the whole time .
Urgh, so 2 citizens covering the virus go missing after they shared viral videos of how dire things are.  
We have our own country to worry about. If this virus reaches Africa we MUST stop the boat loads of illegal immigrants @patel4witham @BorisJohnson Coronavirus: Are African countries  …
China virus forces white collar class to work from home  
Screaming to scare away the virus I suppose, right? 
The story of Li Wenliang shows us the value of a free press. He tried to warn his people about the virus but was harassed by the police. Parang dito lang. Truth-tellers are deemed enemies of the state and propagandists rule (hello Mocha).
Nissan Motor Co. reports sales in China by  and its partners fell nearly 12% in January due to the outbreak of a virus in central China's Wuhan and extended Lunar New Year holidays in many parts of China. 
We maybe found the potential orgin host of the #Coronavirus - the pangolin. A virus strain isolated from it has 99% March with 2019-nCOV. And it was found previously at the market.  
A hospital in E China’s Nanjing has put a virus-killing robot to work  #coronavirus. The smart robot can turn 360 degrees in tight places to conduct disinfection, keeping medics safe from cross 
They want to beg the virus with money or what??!!!  …
SINGAPORE RAISES RESPONSE LEVEL FOR VIRUS, NOW ON PAR WITH SARS
Please be guided! Re: Novel Corona Virus Precautionary Measures by the University of Santo Tomas • Checking of temp through infrared thermometers • Mandatory use of hand sanitizers • Possible slow foot traffic 
POLL: Given her role in creating #HongKong's political crisis by introducing the extradition bill, refusing to listen, condoning #hongkongpolicebrutality, ignoring the district council elections, & now failing to protect #HongKong from #Corona virus, should #CarrieLam resign?
Managing an outbreak of a new virus vs managing an outbreak of "breaking news stories" - Read this! Opinion: The danger of misinformation in a global health emergency  …
Oh there’s one where a corona virus patient pulled off a certain doctor’s mask to spit in his face.  …
that fcking stupid virus.. 
Cancel jinu enlistment too it’s dangerous for him the virus is everywhere
By settling the virus with the money or what?  …
POLL: Given his handling of #Uyghurs #HongKong and #Corona virus crisis, and his repression of civil society, lawyers, religion, should China's President Xi Jinping resign?
Kerala’s Institute of Advanced Virology (IAV) will start functioning in June 2020.  at a time when the state is battling yet another rare virus — the novel Coronavirus, after it fought twice with Nipah.  …
Canadian officials stress that the risk of contracting the virus in this country remains low. 
The 38-year-old Chinese woman who was the Philippines' first case of novel coronavirus infection is recovering as she tested negative to the virus, according to the Department of Health on Friday. 
Everyone freaking out that when they step outside they could get a virus that kills them...  to my world mofos. #caronavirusoutbreak #infectioncontrol #cysticfibrosis #transplantrecipient
DAY11:Is lassa fever deadly? (YES Lassa fever is a deadly virus) Lassa fever is an acute, viral disease carried by a type of rat that  in West Africa. It can be life-threatening. It is a hemorrhagic virus, which means it can cause bleeding, although 8 out of every 10 
Amid the #CoronavirusOutbreak in China, pictures of medics with marks on their faces due to the prolonged usage of the masks to protect themselves from the virus go viral on social media. Behind the exhausted faces of doctors and nurses are touching stories of normal people. 
The global car industry is bracing for a huge shock from #China For decades, China was the promised land for US, European & carmakers. Now, the virus outbreak can prolong a slump in sales, derail production in China & snarl global auto supply chains  …
Note that most countries would report rather ugly Jan data for 2020 due to fewer working days. That said, so far, we got rather bad data for Jan even before the virus: Vietnam -14.3% Taiwan -7.6% South Korea -6.1% Note that those 3 all celebrate lunar new year. Still not good..
Hello Delhi, Day of reckoning tomorrow. Go out n make sure bjp is wiped out. This Corona virus has to be destroyed NOW.
Well I've never seen a suspected 'regular Flu' victim, hunted and pinned down on the street for sneezing,or 'virus camps' #coronavirus Don't believe the 'official CCP' figures this virus is a death sentence (see leaked figures from Tencent) previous post Credit 
China seek for court’s approval to kill the over 20,000 coronavirus patients to avoid further spread of the virus. This is what we call in law 'the doctrine of necessity "=A necessary evil. Before u engage, keep Emotions aside. Note:There is no cure yet  …
This is a VERY important piece of data on #coronavirus The quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship now confirmed 61 positives (not the final numbers can be more) out of 2000 passengers, with 273 passengers said were potentially exposed to the virus.  …
It’s a man made virus & they killed him for warning people  …
As the novel coronavirus infects more people worldwide, the information and misinformation are spreading faster than the virus itself We will dispel the rumors, false claims, and miracle cures in #JustTheFacts with our chief correspondent @piahontiveros 
So the plan is to offer the virus money or what ?  …
Twins Infected with the Corona virus 
ICYMI - WATCH: Senator Tom Cotton Shreds China’s Official Virus Story, Warns Of “Super Laboratory” Proximity 
The doctor who first raised the alarm on 30 December was reportedly ordered to shut up by the authorities. Sadly he himself has died from the virus. That’s how governments use political expediency for self preservation at the cost of human lives and economic growth
Very young baby being tested for #coronavirus at #Derry’s Altnagelvin Hospital. The child had arrived from Hong Kong with his mother at the weekend. Results can take up to 36 hours  back. Trust says no cases of virus have yet been diagnosed in NI  …
I watched this little clip earlier this week talking about everything found on money... They tested a $100 dollar bill and found everything from blood, shit, cocaine, etc. They claimed money - based on the materials used - can carry a live flu virus for 17 days lol.
ph media: it's dangerous to hold a concert bc of the virus. the arean is going to be packed people are going to be too close to each other also ph media: *mobs s/vt*
CORONA VIRUS HONGKONG PROTESTERS DEEPSTATE THEY ARE FIGHTING FOR THERE LIVES #DCQStaff #trump2020 @VP @realDonaldTrump  @deanomight1 
Virus is slaughtering WuhanA huge white smoke rose from the crematorium. The incinerator in the Auschwitz concentration camp had never had such a huge white smoke. Suffering Wuhan people, how many died 
Look,who is raising question on his knowledge of history and civics Btw tethee aunty know what is virus and when it activates? When they got conditions like kashmir and bengal they activate themselves .  …
China seek for court’s approval to kill the over 20,000 coronavirus patients to avoid further spread of the virus  …
B R E A K I N G ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing Shaici tin. I agree with him because it's for our own good.
Apple partner Foxconn & other Chinese firms refit production lines to make masks amid virus outbreak - Foxconn said it has begun trial production of surgical masks at its Longhua Park plant in Shenzhen. What the hell is happening in China?!  …
Those passengers and crew on the Yokohama cruise ship are facing their own armageddon with new infections reported by the hour bringing the tally to over 60. It must be so scary to be confined to a small cabin knowing the Virus is all around you and you could be next. How awful.
I'm starting to feel like we are not really being told what exactly is up with this virus.... This is a lot for something that cause flu like symptoms  …
DMT IG post  … With Winner video message about the 2/16 event being postponed/hold off tentatively due to corona virus. They requested for everyone's understanding, to check updates thru dmt sns & iFAN and for ICs to stay safe & healthy. 
I just do not know if the Chinese Authorities are reporting actual figures of the Corona Virus infections and deaths!
Another 41 people on a cruise ship off the coast of Japan have tested positive for the #coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases on board to 61. The virus has killed 636 people & infected 31k in mainland #China...  …
Friday briefing: UK spreads virus net wider as China seethes  …
In sickness and in health: mass wedding in South Korea defies virus fears  
Jordean Eksteen and David Molosankwe, who established Universal Safety Products in 2018 to manufacture high-end dust masks, say the Chinese government has now promised to buy their products as the country battles the spread of the virus. 
He got the virus while working at Wuhan Central Hospital. He immediately warned fellow medical professionals on 30 December but the Chinese police told him to stop "making  He was summoned and made to sign a letter where he was accused of spreading fake news.
“There had already been accusations against the government of downplaying the severity of the virus - and initially trying to keep it secret. Dr Li's death has fuelled this further and triggered a conversation about the lack of freedom of speech in China.”  …
Communism And Socialism Is A ‘Virus’ Deadlier Than Corona #DemExit Chinese Communist Party Purge Begins over  …
"Hello my friends in China. I want to let you know that you are not standing alone, and I believe we will conquer the virus together. Under this situation I decided to postpone the presale of my new album #Changes#. Thank you for your understanding [...]" - Justin via Weibo 
It wasn’t that long ago that they were saying they were in control of the #coronavirus situation in #Thailand. Is there something now he’s not telling us? What’s the urgency that we must now all wear face masks? After all, WHO said face masks won’t help you getting the virus.
An Indonesian media outlet claimed that a doctor had invented a cure for the novel coronavirus. This is false. In fact, the doctor cited in the article reportedly discovered the MERS coronavirus in 2012, a different virus to 2019-nCoV  …
The genome sequences of the novel #coronavirus strain separated from pangolins were 99% identical to those from infected people, indicating pangolins may be an intermediate host of the virus, a study has found. 
[UPDATE] IU’s Sudden Attack Fan-Meeting planned for Feb 23 has been postponed to March 29 (SUN) at 5PM KST due to novel coronavirus concerns. *Please be noted that there may be changes to the schedule again if the spread of virus remains out of control towards the end of March.  
Puzzled why HK is in such a mess. It has fewer recorded virus cases than Singapore, yet there is panic buying and institutional shut down. Sing, by contrast, is pretty calm: downtown a bit empty, but no disruption yet. Did HK  just over-react, creating public panic?  …
We all owe Dr. Wenliang a debt of gratitude. I can not help but wonder if he received the best treatment. Others are recovering with Remdesivir and Tamiflu and testing negative for the virus within 48 hours. Today was a sad day - the world lost a truly brave man.
Follow the White Rabbit. Kobe dies. (Sacrifice to Baphomet) Corona virus. (Pandemic scare) Super Bowl halftime show. (Invoking Lord of Chaos) SOTU2020 and Pelosi shred (Coven hex on America) Prayers Patriots. Focus. Luciferian's rule by FEAR and CHAOS. And now this...  …
I and a lot of people can't go out because of the virus.Unable to Support #yuzu on site. I'm Very sorry and sad. Also afraid to see too many empty seats, Yuzu will be sad. But believe that we love and support you please,That's not going to change. #空席の愛 #EmptySeatFullSupport
Step 1: Create a virus. Step 2: Release virus. Step 3. Spread fear with media. Step 4. Offer vaccine solution. Sit back and collect billions of dollars. Problem, Reaction, and the Solution that was planned from the start.
How many PSAs & detentions for BJP sitting ministers who said- 1)desh Kay gadaron ko slogan 2)Muslims are termites/green virus 3)bullets, not dialogue will work 4)People from Shaheen Bagh will rape your wives & daughters Is this your definition of Sabka Sath sabka vikas?
Is it allowed to abuse someone ? There is someone at my tl who wants me to hav corona virus .. should he be abused or blocked
Li Wenliang, one of the original 8 doctors who initially raised the alarm on the chinese coronavirus outbreak in December, died from the virus on Thursday. Caixin, GT, and Beijing News originally reported and then DELETED stories of his death due to social media outrage.
Reports that pangolins have coronaviruses that are 99% identical to 2019-nCoV. This makes them very likely reservoir hosts for the virus.
May you Rest In Peace Doctor Li Wenliang. You tried to warn everyone to save lives. This virus will grow exponentially each day, each hour that passes. #coronavirus  …
I keep hearing that there is a shortage of doctors. Maybe all these medical experts I’m seeing tweeting about the corona virus should apply for jobs, instead of sitting on Twitter all day.
Yep, a legit tyvek suit with positive pressure air supply. I wore those during my time serving in a chemical defense unit in my country. Definitely military gear and treating the virus like a biological weapon.
Factories in China are producing masks and medical materials at maximum capacity to meet the needs of fighting against coronavirus. Together with the support of international friends including Nepal, the final victory against the virus will be secured! 
miss corona virus is silent now.. as she should her single flopped 
First, it was a senator who presented a video on purported conspiracy theory about biological weapon. Then, a dept secretary alleging an OFW died of a virus. I wonder kung saan naghahanap ng coronavirus fake news peddler ang PNP at NBI?
BEIJING ANNOUNCES INVESTIGATION TO DETERMINE CAUSE OF DEATH OF DOCTOR WHO WAS FIRST WARNED OF CORONA VIRUS  …
Is the goal of keeping everyone trapped on the ship to get it up to 100% virus positive?  …
Coronavirus: Death toll in China crosses 600. India is on a high alert as the lethal virus spreads across the globe. All states & UT s are under surveillance & ports & border crossings are under watch too. Sherine with details. Listen in. 
#CoronaVirus cud spread rapidly across the world. Next wave of infections possible. Mars in 12th house of China symbolises mass deaths wid Rahu in 6th. On other hand Mangal Gandant with Ketu could invite wrath of Goddess Nriti or Dhumavati. This axis point signifies germs & virus
Let’s pray for those who are at risk for corona virus 
Damn United states pulls its citizens out of Wuhan...they are taking this virus way more seriously, look at their suits looking like god damn astronauts 
Toyota keeps China plant output stopped through Feb. 16 as virus hits supply, logistics  
The whole world is losing sleep over the Corona virus while South Africans are just looking for an accurate load shedding schedule
#China #Wuhan #nCoV #nCoV2019 #LiWenliang reports clearly indicate special #virology tests performed probably at #P4Lab,Wuhan. Authorities with knowledge of virus spread seriousness didn't take preventive measures nor info any1. #China initially did hide the outbreak for >3 
As a foreigner in China, I could have panicked, boarded a plane out of china, but I have more confidence of china containing the virus than I do of my country, who couldn't even deal with a measles outbreak.  …
Dollar on the up before payrolls, China virus remains a risk  
Having solved gang violence, affordability, traffic congestion and corona virus, #Toronto City Hall turns to the next most pressing issue in Canada’s largest  …
DNA analysis of the virus indicates it was created in a lab with viral and bacterial enhancements. Could have been accidentally or intentionally released. Right now I"m leaning towards intentional.  …
people who still underestimate the danger of this virus the whistleblower doctor who passed away last night in China was only 34 years old. He left behind one young child and a pregnant wife. this ain't about whether you get quarantined or not. symptoms don't show up for
Daily Updates of nCoV figures in China. To date in total, 31161 confirmed, 26359 suspected, 636 deaths, 1540 recovered. Wuhan in 14 days.10,596 medical workers dispatched to Hubei so far. Li wenliang, virus whistle-blower doctor passed away this morning. pay tributes. 
Getting a flu shot possibly maeks you more susceptible to coronavirus, metapneumovirus, and "we couldn't tell but he keeps coughing"-virus per (peer-reviewed) research (conducted by the Department of Defense) published in the radical anti-vax blog "Vaccine" 
Dear Gov’t of Uganda, here is another video of someone caught on CCTV maliciously trying to spread the virus by taking off his mask and coughing at hospital staff. Is this really the country you think we are safer in @KagutaMuseveni and @OfwonoOpondo 
If you are using a map for describing Hubei province in China, use this map. This is for stories on Corona Virus. 99% of the maps you find in google are not showing Indian territories properly. They have wrong depictions for Aksai Chin or Arunachal Pradesh or both. So use this. 
When the virus is spreading but you need a loan. 
Rats at play - having a go at sweets in a leading hotel in Chennai. Are we in for another #virus break out? 
A Wuhan doctor who attempted to warn authorities about a potential new coronavirus outbreak died on Friday from the infection, as the number of virus-related deaths continued to rise, taking the total in China to over 600 
"Li Wenliang, the doctor from Wuhan who first saw Corona  is now killed by the virus!" He was earlier arrested by  govt for spreading 'rumor' about a virus similar to SARS. Had they been listened, virus may hv been contained early.  …
Li Wenliang became a hero to millions for raising the alarm over the coronavirus epidemic. His own death from the virus has sparked an outpouring of grief and anger in China 
Whore-ona virus being spread
someone did you wrong? learn to let it go. the truth is they will ruin more of your life if you allow them to invade your mind like a virus. this will in turn affect the quality of your life. the best thing to do is to move on. show that you’re strong enough to take control.
Thing is none of the Ugandans has been infected with virus but the longer they stay there, the higher the chances of getting the virus. Evacuate them and quarantine them in a place they call home before we start typing “RIP” yet something can be done!!  …
Mayor urges gov't: Consider different place to house Pinoys from virus epicenter  #coronavirus
Kenya President cautions Ethiopia on China flights over virus --BBG Says: "Our worry as a country is not that China cannot manage the disease. Our biggest worry is  into areas with weaker health systems like ours" --DN 
Coronavirus: how a luxury cruise became ‘a floating prison’ during virus quarantine  …
Capas municipal councilors say the decision threatens social peace in the area, sowing worry that the virus might spread in nearby residential areas 
It's unclear how North Korea has been able to avoid the virus. Pyongyang has either been very lucky, isn't saying something, or is reaping one of the few benefits of being a so-called 'hermit nation' 
China has the full confidence and capability to win the battle against the virus and the epidemic won’t change positive fundamentals of China's economy, said Chinese President Xi Jinping via a phone call on Friday with his US counterpart Donald Trump. #XiJinping #US 
Dr Li Wenliang is being mourned as a "hero who was willing to speak the truth" as members of the  pay tribute to the ophthalmologist who died of the virus he warned about, at the age of 34 
My little #WTFSriLanka s today are kinda cute. - "President sends Ceylon Tea to Corona Virus patients in China." - SLCJF holds Bodhi Pooja to invoke blessings against Coronavirus. I can NOT xD xD xD
Melbourne’s VIDRL at @TheDohertyInst one of only 15 labs worldwide providing global reference testing support for #2019nCoV.  after their breakthrough growing a live virus, helping the world develop a vaccine  …
Xi Jinping, in first call with Donald Trump since coronavirus outbreak, says he is confident that China will win its "people's war" against the virus, CCTV reports.   …
An interesting read and conspiracy theory regarding the corona virus  …
A whistleblowing Chinese doctor who was reprimanded for “spreading rumours” about the #coronavirus before it was officially recognised died on Thursday after testing positive for the virus, the hospital where he worked said. 
Here's how China keeps 1.4 billion people fed with a virus disrupts traffic and supply lines  
. @AFP snapshots of China's response to #coronavirus. Warning posters tell Beijing residents to protect themselves. Empty streets in Shanghai as fear of virus spreads. Empty shelves after panic buying in Hong Kong. A fever detection system at a Beijing train station 
This is one of the big questions that I've had since the beginning of the outbreak: what temperature range can the virus grow in, and what temperatures can its reservoir and any intermediate hosts tolerate? Am I safer or more at risk here in the north?  
WHAT IS ACTUALLY GOING ON?!? How serious is this threat going to be. At first I trusted in the governments, I trusted that this was a natural virus that infected us, but now I'm really starting to think it's a bioweapon which is why so many countries and superpowers are .. 8/n
I don’t believe you. Dr. Wenliang warned people about the Novel Corona Virus in December, BEFORE millions went on holiday for the Chinese New Year. Your response? You accused him of spreading false information and sent the police after him. You murdered him. THAT, is the truth.  …
I didn't make a single post, I didn't mention the words Coronavirus, I didn't say anything about the virus. And yet Facebook was onto me within the hour of me logging in. I don't know what's going on, and I don't know why Facebook's censoring me, but I am definitely starting 7/n
$TSLA "In an effort to keep the virus under control, Shanghai has ordered local businesses not to resume work before Feb. 10, which means Tesla’s local factory is also temporarily shut down." I heard factories ordered to be ...  …
Japan PM Abe orders government to take steps to mitigate virus impact on economy  
#UPDATE China virus crisis deepens as whistleblower doctor dies. His death has sparked an outpouring of grief and anger over a crisis that has now killed over 630 people  A medical staff member looks out of an isolation ward at a hospital in 
My uber intelligent doctor sister-in-law was on CBC talking about the CORONA virus. If you’re worried about it, watch this and she will tell you everything you need to know and hopefully ease your stresses! It begins at around 15:50. @SeemaMarwahaMD  …
1.1.20-“internet speculations on Tuesday suggested a return of the SARS virus, but the People's Daily cited doctors saying that was unlikely. If it was SARS, China possesses a mature prevention and treatment system, the newspaper noted, and urged people not to panic.” 日人民报  …
 many more foreigners are speaking up against the stupidity of the Hong Kong medical unions on strike another trick of the fascist NED backed colored revolution that wants to further divide Hong Kong society #virus #HongKongProtests #riots #HongKong
The Facebook post contained a lot of my personal experiences in the short few days that the virus started breaking out here. A lot of warnings and safety tips. The post got shared virally and it ended up getting over 51k shares. I then continued to post videos and pictures .. 2/n
Corona Virus Update: More than 630 people have died and more than 31,000 are infected. The Chinese doctor Li Wenliang who knew about Corona virus and warned every one about this deadly Virus died as well.
A South Korean newspaper is claiming that there is a case of coronavirus in North Korea. The Joongang Ilbo reports the virus was detected in a woman in Pyongyang who visited China. They are using one single unnamed source therefore treat the news with caution for now.
“There’s a new virus going around ... it’s called FEELINGS. Don’t catch that shit”
At my job today the discussion was how people will not eat Chinese food or go to the Casino where a lot of Chinese people work because of th Corona Virus. The only thought that ran through my mind is "Are people really thinking like this?"
This young doctor died a #hero. He was viewed as a whistleblower and censured by the #Chinese government. He died of the virus he attempted to alert his people to and defeat. #RIPLiWenliang #coronavirus  
does she have the corona virus yet ¿ 
Bitcoin goes to 1 million but we all die from that China virus 
NEW: Feb 7, 2020. China #coronavirus infections jump past 31000, deaths above 600. *China: rocked by grief, anger as virus kills whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang *Hong Kong, Japan: 8000 quarantined on 2 cruise ships *US: 2 new evacuee flights from Wuhan @CBSNews is 
If you have a city mayor wasting valuable days/weeks which could've been used fighting a deadly virus outbreak because he believes he needs "clearance" to announce it; if you have a doctor being hassled by the police for telling the truth about a disease... your system is broken.
We need more people to speak out against wrongdoings of Chinese authority. We cannot get used to lies of #China. The world already suffer from the virus this time since #CCP hided the vital messages. 
Sec Bello, "Initially, sabi hindi coronavirus... Pero February 2, coronavirus na..." Dubai, "The deceased was suffering from a respiratory infection and laboratory tests showed she did not have the virus." WHO, "The cause of death is Pneumonia." Sino ang Fake News ulit?! 
Feels like Chinese authorities are either: a) more worried about virus than official data (showing decline in confirmed cases since Feb. 4) might suggest, or b) about to start adopting some of the more extreme quarantine measures in Hubei to other provinces as well. Or both.  …
Dr. Li Wenliang appeared on social media, warning of a deadly virus long before Chinese authorities disclosed its full threat. His insistence that an epidemic  turned him into a folk hero in China. Today, he died from coronavirus.  …
Passengers on a virus-stricken cruise ship in Japan speak about life under quarantine  
Maybe they should be honest and say: We do not have enough empathy. We refuse to understand mainland Chinese people. The virus is just our excuse for keeping them out of Hong Kong.  …
Not just Wuhan. Temporary virus hospitals rising all over central China. This one’s in Changde, Hunan. It leads off Chaguan this week.  
South China Agricultural University has discovered that pangolins may have been intermediate hosts of the novel #coronavirus, which could help in confirming the origin of the virus. 
Li Wenliang died of the virus he tried to warn people of early on, only to be silenced.  …
There wont be audience for this Rocket  showcase (the actual plan: February 10th) due to corona virus prevention. We can watch it through Vlive.  …
The sky in Wuhan on Friday is steel-grey, and it’s melancholy day after the death of a doctor who tried to warn of the virus that he died from. All the updates are on our live briefing, and I’ll be asking residents about the news.  
Support your local virus  …
It's So Easy for Markets to Get Over a Virus Panic Who needs good news when you’ve got central banks switching on the taps? by  …
Have you heard about the deadly virus from China? Communism?  …
The death toll in mainland China’s new virus outbreak has risen to 636, including a doctor who got in trouble with authorities in  country for sounding an early warning about the disease threat.  
Specifically, the virus has a hemagglutinin protein that binds to the neuraminic acid proteins on our cells in our respiratory tract to gain entry like a forged key. But when the virus needs to exit the cell, it uses neuraminidase to cut its attachments to spread to other cells.
Ugh wondering how I know ur not busy promoting and voting and busy hyping wayV on weibo but u say u r to win an argument w nctzen during virus outbreak no one hypes anyone unless u want to be dragged by the public The entire industry is quiet Ur not in China so u don’t know
EXCLUSIVE: In a breakthrough for global preclinical response to #Coronavirus, team led by @ssvasan has grown 1st batch of virus outside China ( @CSIRO) in sufficient stocks to cater to  studies, help expedite vaccines find, therapeutics. Read:  
Coronavirus: Another 41 catch virus on quarantined cruise ship 
The local health authority has just announced today that there is a 4 hour window in which a measles carrier was at the CHILDREN’S. HOSPITAL. unquarantined. Four hours of exposing  kids to a preventable virus that herd immunity is supposed to protect them from
For the people being judgmental about the money for  they have also done a bunch of fundraising and supply donations for the virus recently too not to mention Lisabar also donated to Thailand floods and others donated to Australian wildfires etc etc.
Uske baare mein bhi mat suru karwao. They are in power. Let them govern. No need to do useless and harmful things. Let them focus on positive things for the country..
