Iowa is first in the nation.  …
Just a reminder that whether the Wuhan  from bat soup or not; we should still close the wet markets. CHINA MUST PAY! 
Me[during Fasting] *Accidentally opens fridge * Water and Doodh be 
Why is it that the issue of strengthening the failed healthcare system exposed by virus has disappeared from the public conversation?
The Sheriff is out enforcing the shelter in place on beaches. Avoid $1000 fines and use the beaches for recreation 
I’ve never been so proud of the people of Ontario as I have during the #COVID19 crisis. We are fighting as a team of 14.5 million people. We’re doing a fantastic job but please stay home. Your help is critical in our collective fight to end this terrible virus. 
Walmart is immune to the corona virus It mostly kills small businesses
In other words: these citizens who went above and beyond the call of duty to perform their civic duty were exposed to a deadly virus as a direct result of voter suppressive Republican policy, right?  …
Social distancing isn't enough to prevent massive loss of life from COVID-19. Our model shows that reducing jail populations is critical to saving nearly 100,000 lives — inside of jail AND in  …
NYC has had 11,000 Covid deaths. Tokyo, the World's largest and densest city, has had 93. NYC is locked down. Tokyo was never locked down. Both have had the virus for the same amount of time. Why is NYC's death rate 250 times higher than Tokyo's? Something fishy here.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: Your words are on tape. You did not say Democrats are the hoax. Instead, you stated on Feb 28: “And this is their new hoax.” Stop treating the American people as stupid. We know what we saw and heard. And we know you repeatedly downplayed the virus in Feb.  …
Trump used the word “disinfectant” meaning medicine that kills the virus. The media reports he said to drink bleach and huff Lysol. They are the enemy of the people. The enemy of the world.
This is a beach in Italy since the shutdown. Nature is healing. We are the virus 
**RETURN** Tiffany was returned to the shelter because her owner has Covid virus. She is already spayed but was said to be lethargic and have a lack of appetitie. Tiffany needs a new place to call home.  to BACC to apply to foster or adopt.  
When Corona Virus enter the world, everybody bow to respect the killers. 
China Is Targeting US Labs to Spy on Virus Research: US Assistant Attorney General  … #ccpvirus
Looking good-no corona virus here! 
Trump: "Deborah, have you heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?" Birx: "Not as a treatment."  …
Scientists at Cedars-Sinai are developing an ultraviolet light that is inserted into the lungs of coronavirus patients to kill the virus living there. Trump was right again about "inserting UV light." It's called the #Healight 
more scared of her driving than the virus 
La should be virus free any day now. 
WHY? BECAUSE THE RADICAL LEFTWING LIBERAL SOCIALIST POLITICIANS DON’T WANT YOU TO SEE THE TRUTH. THEY REFUSE TO SHOW YOU THE FACTS ABOUT THE VIRUS AND HOW IT IS AFFECTING AMERICA @lions_us 61,000 MEMBERS STRONG cc: @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @VFWHQ @AmericanLegion 
This team meant so much to me and always will. I love these girls and coaches so much and couldn’t be more grateful for what we could experience together. Ready to beat this virus out! @PantherCreekSB 
This breaks my heart: a Chinese woman just messaged me on Instagram saying that she feels like Americans hate Chinese people and hate her now. I said WHAT? NO! This is everyone’s virus. This is a global issue. We are such a screwed up world...makes me sad.
He absolutely did. He suggested there might be a way to kill the virus in the body with disinfectant.. by injecting it. That is what he said. So what did YOU hear him say then?
Drawn during a Watch-and-draw stream! Poly wants to do her best to keep other people from getting sick, and would hate to get sick herself... But she's  virus, not a virus virus! 
Send That Energy This Way Just Like How Y’all Did The Virus 
This beautiful monument is no longer hidden behind all the smog in California. We are the virus 
Ignorance. Take all their names and refuse medical treatment. If people won’t listen that’s their issue, however nobody has the right to spread a deadly virus to my Family or myself! Time for military involvement! This virus travels 72 feet, not 6!
The animal trade generated this virus, and now in the US it's surging specifically in slaughterhouses and  surrounding them. This is a pandemic born from and sustained by animal exploitation.  …
#Coronavirus remember wearing gloves without washing gloved hands can rapidly spread disease. Better not to wear then - why really. Virus live long on gloves than on skin. They die on cloth. They are not in the air. See my 3 you tubes on corona virus techniques.
What are some conspiracies concerning the Corona Virus!? The one I hear most about is it being a bioweapon.
The Russia investigation was a 'Democratic' Hoax The Mueller Report was a 'Democratic' Hoax The Impeachment was a 'Democratic' Hoax The Senate Hearing was a 'Democrat' led Hoax The Corona Virus was just another 'Democrat' Hoax Witch Hunt No Collusion What a Hoax
5. Why is the “virus” disproportionately affecting minorities? As Vox’s Dylan Scott exposed, Black New Yorkers are dying at 2x the rate of their white peers. Legacy issues from slavery?  … More sensitive to high band 5G EMF waves?  … 
ca heat wave kill our virus please 
Rest in peace Kim Jong-un 
The way Trump has handled the Corona Virus... you would think the Virus is Bribing him big time !!! The GOP never take Bribes. Especially from foreign Viruses Putin??? A virus?? 
Have you guys ever taken a shower that was just like... recreational, and not explicitly intended to wash virus off you? It’s wild. #medtwitter #Covid_19
Nursing Homes Ireland CEO Tadhg Daly has revealed the true story of the fatal decision by FG and the HSE managers to transfer elderly infected patients from hospitals to nursing homes causing the Covid-19 virus to spread killing hundreds and infecting thousands. MAIL ON SUNDAY
Amaking stickers 
#KimJungUn is departing now 
Hard to pick 4 pictures from today. Hoping the warmer temperatures, higher humidity and longer days help dispell this virus soon #adkmountains #pureadk #adirondacks #upperrightusa #exploreny #ospreypacks #hiking #spring #ispyny #518wx #addnysrangers 
Let’s be honest with ourselves, @ChrisCuomo never probably had the virus. It was a publicity stunt to make it seem more real, and make Cuomo more relatable so to speak. @OANN @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson  …
Doctor the tecate virus is mutating 
My whole Im exhausted 
How hate speeches and extreme right fascist sanghi propaganda damaging Indian diplomatic relation worldwide, including life and jobs of Indian Hindus in middle east. So stop  propaganda against Indian minorities. 
Cw: food Made our own pizzas from 
As usual they not following the rules with staying home. I swear there has got to be different law books for all of those destructive self entitled people. Again, she's taking a chance of carrying the virus to her family. Especially Barb. It's all about the swamp couple. 
There’s a pretty simple solution. It’s called opening Oregon. 92,700 people filed for unemployment in March and its expected to be up to 15-20% this month. All for 2177 corona cases and 86 deaths. You’re hurting more people than the virus ever will!
There are actually Facebook moms who think the virus is fake. People are freaking dumb smh. 
We are the virus. Nature is returning
Havent been on that much lately, was dealing with some health issues but starting to finally feel like myself again. Had nothing to do with the virus, just thankful to be on the mend. Missed everyone, hope you all are doing well
World is fighting against Corona Virus but due to Fascist govt we are Fighting against Communal virus Let this be a clear msg 
We used to breath without even realizing the blessing, we just inhale/exhale not knowing the privilege, we overlook Allah’s favors upon us  on what we don’t have, today we are afraid of the virus cause we want to breath, which of the blessings of our Lord do we deny?
These imbeciles really want to subject us to another virus. Why is why genetic modification of things that MULTIPLY fall under the (nonnaive) precautionary principle. Recall Mao's policy to eliminate sparrows caused 50 mil to die of famine.  …
CCP forced local hospital to destroy the virus samples 
Japan has better anti-virus;) 
I just wish this corona virus could stopped like immediately!!!
Stopping myself from tweeting . . . . . . Bus 28 sehrian reh 
#GodiMedia_Virus Actual= she is enjoying... Media = She is Hanged 
Who should I choose? I actually really need help with this one. I'm only choosing three out of these. Poll down 
#AzaanBandNahiHogi World is fighting against Corona Virus but due to Fascist govt we are Fighting against Communal virus Let this be a clear msg 
WOOOo FIRST FUTURE 10 CLEAR!!!! 
Gonna post this everywhere 
trump & political allies have done all they can to restrain testing. those numbers would show the truth of what this virus is doing to Americans. the lower the numbers, the better for trump & supporters. they crow that it's not that bad but it's killing and harming untold numbers
Sooo. WHO says we can't get antibodies to build immunity for this virus. But people w/ antibodies to donate blood to help treat patients, & we need to wait for vaccines that will help us get antibodies to help build our immunity? Please, do tell me more.
Pa. Health Dept. Reverses Virus ‘Probable Death’ Toll By 200  … 
But this vision 2020 carry virus oooo 
Since @RepAdamSchiff is to much of a coward to address his ignorant thought process maybe one of his interns can. How is Corona virus deaths @POTUS fault? I realize #AdamSchiff is insane but seriously, where’s the logic
RECOVERING & REEMERGING from 4 weeks of battling the virus; now ISO advice, links, experience anyone might have with ways people are volunteering their time & efforts in  Looking for ways to help, now that I'm well & immune. -Anna
Online class schedules is the real virus 
From the transcript: "Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat & the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?"
Write a #sixwordstory or a #poem about this picture. Here are my attempts: People watched the service on television. Soldiers’ spirits rise The only people In the street Marching proudly Despite a virus Called COVID-19 While the diggers Watch the service In each State on tv 
Dodging bullets like im dodging the Corona Virus over here... (Sorry about the audio, had a hype day after beating my kill record) #Warzone #Rekt 
Why do people in the UK think they are invincible to this virus? You have one job, stay home. Just because you aren't showing symptoms doesn't mean you can go and meet up with people. Why is it going to take losing a family member for people to realise this?
Good 
How many tests were demanded for the H1N1 virus?
Further proof that @washingtonpost sees its role as a leader in the resistance rather than a serious news  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the U.S. should at least double coronavirus testing in  weeks before easing into reopening the  …
Here is the video to contradict the president's tweet about Dr. Birx. He directly asks her a question, despite now claiming otherwise. "Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?" 
What about essential frontline grocery store workers?! We are also working out butts off Plus we don’t know if the next  into our store could be an asymptomatic carrier of the virus. I am a #EssentialWorker and a #FrontLineHeroes @fordnation  …
BILL Weir CNN idiot it is NOT all the ANIMALS creating the virus’.. & to the news idiots who freaked everyone out about there cats & dogs giving them Covid 19, you have caused hundreds of animals to be turned over to shelters. Your false information has caused them their lives.
Man I hate this virus. 
Please don’t put your #facemask under your chin! 1. Remember we’re trying NOT to touch our faces? Still important. 2. We also don’t want to touch the outside of a mask when we go to pull the mask up- it’s possible the virus could be on the outside of mask! #WashYourHands too!
The worms  back, we are the virus. 
Don't care about the virus #mood 
Inactivation of three emerging viruses – severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus, Crimean–Congo haemorrhagic fever virus and Nipah virus – in platelet concentrates by ultraviolet C light and in plasma by methylene blue plus visible light.  …
Need for a world wide Doctors Chat service sponsored by WHO to recognise and identify early warnings for Pandemic Virus. Field doctors across the world must  on the chat service which provide language translation. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan
Chapter 54 “I was told to bring this to you” said Langdon, holding out the vial. “What is it?” asked the Pope, smoothing down his cassock. “The blood of Tom Hanks” said Langdon. “Ah yes” said the Pope. “This should help us greatly. He was very good in The Shawshank Redemption.”
World Miracle Service With @APOSTLESULEMAN For All World leaders, Presidents, Governors, & Corona Virus Infected Patients In Various Quarantine/Isolation Centres Across the World. On Tues. 28th, Wed. 29th & Thur. 30th of April 2020 By 4pm daily LIVE on CelebrationTv 
I’m beginning to think we’ve gone from preventing a virus spread to spreading tyranny.
China has not shared any #COVID19 virus or clinical samples to the best of our knowledge. The United States is calling on the Chinese Communist Party to be transparent with the world so that we  the #coronavirus and prevent future pandemics of this 
This is from the WH transcript: THE PRESIDENT: Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus? DR. BIRX: That is *Not as a treatment. I mean, certainly fever -- THE PRESIDENT: Yeah.  …
Chapter 53 Robert Langdon, Professor of Pseudo-religious Symbologism at Harvard Technical College and Celeste DuBois, attractive young CIA operative, burst through the Vatican doors. “Professor Langdon,” said the Pope, from beneath a giant albino nun, “I’ve been expecting you.”
Dear @Uppolice Azan does not spread the corona virus, so #AzaanBandNahiHogi #AzaanBandNahiHogi @rajnathsingh @Mayawati @yadavakhilesh @samajwadiparty @BeingSalmanKhan @myogioffice @myogiadityanath @ramveermla @AmitShah @KapilSibal @narendramodi @PMOIndia @UN @realDonaldTrump
This 1-month-old baby in Thailand recovered from COVID-19,  the youngest person in the country to survive the virus. 
should be clear to everyone that thousands of people who’ve survived this virus will live with lifelong chronic illness/disability. I must emphasize one thing: There’s no such thing as a “disabled mindset.” Talking about your disability and inaccessibility isn’t “giving up.”
#MalcolmXGrassrootsMovementStatementOnCOVID19: "Corona Virus is a symptom of genocide: If colonialism is a disease, Self-determination is the cure.” 
a second grader wrote this in response to a classmate saying they don’t like chinese people because of the virus 
Holy crap he didnt do that...a deadly virus did that to the world...not just the UK... @BorisJohnson gave workers salaries,  and improved the NHS to fight this same virus and ensure people could be safe indoors..
Chapter 52 Langdon stared at the small polypropylene capsule containing 15 milligrams of Tom Hanks’ blood and shivered like a pensioner in an abattoir. “To the Vatican!” he cried. “Again.”
But that wasn’t even the worst part. The most dangerous misinformation that could end up killing actual Americans was when Trump asked if it was possible to inject disinfectants into human beings to clean out the virus. Somebody may actually do this, which is just heartbreaking.
Hospitals in The UK are virtually empty because they didn't get the rush of people they thought they would. Problem is many will die who couldn't get treatment for cancer, operations and other treatments as they were cancelled because of corona virus.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: Stop digging. Stop lying. Here are your exact words: “Deborah, have you ever heard of that? That heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?” Stop treating the American people as stupid. We know what we saw and heard.  …
Hmm. So in the White House transcript (available on line) when it has the president saying: ‘Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus....’ which Deborah would that have been?  …
Corona Virus is Ending Soon. Mark my words!
This is Orwellian. This is the transcript: "Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?" “The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most   …
Afternoon hike with the family It is very 
Read for yourself... From the official WH transcript: THE PRESIDENT: Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?  …
Trump's explanations shifting again. Yesterday, he said he was speaking to reporters. Thankfully, there's a transcript: TRUMP: "Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?" BIRX: "Not as a treatment"  …
 the end of the virus 
Prof.Tasuku Honjo claim,the Corona Virus is artificial 100% not natural and made in the Laboratory of China.If my statement is wrong,the government can take return my Novel Price even after my death. #mr_GiLL 
Please tell me what science this is based on. We were near NOBODY. Sunlight & heat kill the virus. Taiwan & German studies found risk of outdoor transmission is LOW. Do they think the virus (we don’t have) is gonna fly 150ft & magically infect ppl facing away from us? Absurd.
dua lipa blackpink bbb 2020 corona virus bolsonaro lixo orochi cancelado cancelada rafa thelma babu #followtrick fancam kpop au taekook terminada jikook bts itzy gay lesbian porn porno +18 manu twice red velvet stray kids nct 
Carl Icahn isn’t buying stocks right now. He’s hoarding cash,  real estate and preparing for more virus havoc 
My mother passed away this morning of COVID-19. Her husband of 66 years couldn't even be with her. Yesterday we didn't even know she had this damn virus. But hey, keep protesting on the capitol steps and calling this overblown by all means, idiots. United We Stand indeed.
Chapter 50 “Like a box of chocolates,” said Langdon. “Yes please,” said Celeste.
I shaved part of my beard to work with a face mask. Now, I can see my fat chin wiggle when I talk. I think I’d rather have the virus... 
Star Trek predicted the Corona virus. So if you pop out to buy toilet paper and see Lee Meriwether reaching and saying "I am for D'Amato" .....run! 
The beach was amazing yesterday & the water was so clear, we really are the virus. 
This is a hoax on American ppl, dems/ media wr given a “ gift” of virus to control and scare ppl into thr homes, sink economy, blame Trump , stop rallys and debates, hide Biden till thr fraudulentl mail in ballots help them win! Frightening!
I'm out almost everyday.. work.. shopping etc.. I probably had it already.. u can't shutdown and bankrupt a country for a virus.. sick and elderly need to stay home.. this is very politically motivated
Corona is the virus Capitalism is the pandemic 
Virus won't last long, made in China. 
The virus that doesn't kill smokers and mainly obese people, that one?
Chapter 49 “You remind me of someone,” said Celeste. “Who?” asked Langdon, 47. “Tom Hanks, 63,” she said. “In that film.” “Which one?” asked Langdon, proudly. “Apollo 13? Captain Phillips?” “No,” she said. “That one where he runs a lot and says life is just a box of chocolates.”
The Send Online Starter Pack #TheSendBrasil 
No tweet today due to corona virus 
#coronavirusuk The figures speak for them selves How bad the UK is controlling this corona virus. 
Every person without a mask is endangering themselves and others. We are doomed. The flag isn't going to protect you from contracting the virus. SMH.  …
Something is wrong in America when Black athletes protesting against the unjust murder of innocent Black people are considered ‘sons of b*tches’ and ‘traitors’ but wypipo protesting measures to stop the spread of a deadly virus that has killed 52,000 are considered ‘patriots.’ 
Everyone has returned to the dm’s, the earth is healing!! We are the virus 
Susan Weiss explains how the SARS-CoV-2 virus enters cells, and how the most efficacious antivirals would ideally attack both pathways by which it infects cells. #NAS157 
Both words reveal possible treatments for the QoRoNaH (corona virus): QaRaN (RAYS OF LIGHT) and QaRa' (SOUND WAVES)! 
Did anyone tell these guys that there's a virus floating around? 
“Fear is the virus!” Protesters today in Toronto called for Canada to be opened up. 
Voluntary groups fighting corona virus alongside health care staff. 
rt gain like giveaway follow wannabe itzy ryujin gay bg gg fancam army bts sugar baby daddy mommy #followtrick 18+ nsfw smut mutuals virus nct taekook au exo  album jennie lisa jenlisa twice momo nayeon tzuyu kpop winner ddaeng yg bighit 
My granddaughter charlotte gets married at 7 tonight. I can't be there as this virus keeps us apart. I will watch the live feed. Hard to believe she's the same baby I  into this world. 
You have to give it to the #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica and the #MSM ,they have tried everything to defeat Trump. Now they are counting on Chinas Virus. 
The World Health Organization is warning that people who have had Covid-19 are not necessarily immune by the presence of antibodies from getting the virus again. 
WA GOP coronavirus plan? Infect more people with the virus! #waleg  
got flanigans. life is ok
My first day outdoors in NYC after 31 days quarantined & self-isolated at home. Feels good after recovering from the virus. Now what??? 
Made in China Virus 
Let's fight coronavirus 
A nurses life for all you protestors... I Worked a double shift last night with no break, no food, no water, no jacket, in the emergency room for 16 fuckin hours and you guys want to protest saying this virus is a hoax? Smfh 
InshaAllah after the virus clears up, we all have the means to go to the 3 Harams 
#CoronavirusOfMinorChastisement "while it is a mere human virus that you do not  knowledge about it where from Allah invaded you by it with which Allah is challenging the entire human medical scientists." 05-03-2020  … Ireland Saturday Thoughts Por
Deeply saddened to hear the death of Dr. Javed due to COVID-19, he was a frontline soldier and was fighting tirelessly against the Virus while saving the lives of effected patients. His services will always be remembered. 
..I have a blep virus. !!! 
In france , researchers suggested that nicotine may play a role in protecting against corona virus Le overexcited smokers - 
Keisha, YOU stay home. Let the rest of the people do what THEY want to do. Government officials have educated people enough about this virus. Now let them do whatever the hell they want to do. Thanks. Even though you won't listen.
Humans are the virus. 
Hydroxychloroquine's effectiveness on a virus. 
“Calling for the resignation of a president who muses about the use of household cleaning products to fight a deadly virus is not a partisan exercise or a futile plea for political sanity —  sense.“ Even if there’s zero chance Trump will resign.  …
It’s not Lysol but do you think this is enough to kill the virus. 
Hey you guys, Although we really don’t know how long we will have to endure this virus, we *do* know how long we will have to deal with this president. A new President will be sworn in in just about 9 months. I believe this. @realDonaldTrump will lose in Nov.
Trump and the virus is dead ? Apparently 
Since the passing of Jim, I checked in with Roger Dalton yesterday and he's doing great in the this crazy times of the virus. Hope everyone is doing great too. 
“This virus can’t last forever” The virus: 
The president of the United States has still not once mentioned that over 50,000 Americans have died from Coronavirus. The same virus he said almost two months ago we would soon have zero cases of. Trump must resign.
#SheIsGoldFish4Life Another virus killing people like us is BOREDOM 
A cautious estimate of the total number of UK excess deaths linked to coronavirus stands today at 42,700 The profile of the virus path now matches the date of death rather than date of announcement 2/
All it took was a virus with a 99.85% survival rate for people to give up their Consitutional Rights.
Death toll climbs to 200,000 as worldwide coronavirus pandemic reaches sombre new 
In a matter of days, we will have more Americans die of this virus than died in the Vietnam war. And yet governors and medical professionals are still begging for help with testing, PPE, and funding. Federal govt response is still inadequate. Trillions have bailed out business.
FWD....Two Cats Are First U.S. Pets to Test Positive for Coronavirus The animals appear to have mild symptoms and likely caught the virus from their owners. Warriors prayers for our animals , 
I saw an article earlier that they are paying doctors to list the virus as cause of death right now. Guess it was true.
While Boris Johnson was on the radio talking about Herd Immunity and telling us to be prepared to say goodbye to our nearest and dearest Jacinda Ardern was saying that she didn't want to lose a single New Zealander to the virus. #Covid_19 
The Corona Virus is warning the church they must prepare for  of the Messiah. The ministration of the Fourth apocalypse is already at work. Take the grace with treasure, take worship with honour.Soon time will lapse for the grace. Be born again now! 
Imagine being such a racist country that even when a global virus cannot discriminate, you still need an inequality investigation.
Seriously if Uruti and Page One didn't bring more facemask, four of the Tobi Roppo will end up killed by the Virus. . #OnePiece 
Do you think trump feel guilty if lover Kim died from heart  after using trump miracle virus drug?
Before moving onto 'immunity passports' & all the ethical & unintended effects, crucial questions are: 1. How many people have already been exposed to virus? (Reliable antibody test) 2. Does being exposed to the virus lead to immunity, for how long, & with how much protection?
In the holy places activities are carried out to fight the corona virus including the production of masks by volunteers... #Covid19InIran 
Science class SS3A If you were among those that manufactured the Corona virus, raise your hands. 
#CoronavirusInSA Over 200 supermarket workers have tested positive for the coronavirus in the Western Cape, the province which is now the epicentre of the virus with 1314 infections and 28 deaths.
The Democrats see the virus as a opportunity to further their agendas and impact elections. They will drag this quarantine out as long as the people will allow it.
"Calling for the resignation of a president who muses about the use of household cleaning products to fight a deadly virus is not a partisan exercise —  sense. "  …
THIS IS A GREAT EXAMPLE OF HOW POTUS TRUMP THINKS OUT OF THE BOX! HE IS ALWAYS ASKING AND SEARCHING FOR ANYTHING THAT COULD MAKE A POSITIVE DIFFERENCE IN THIS WAR WITH THE VIRUS FOR NOW AND THE FUTURE! THANK YOU POTUS TRUMP! GOD’S BLESSINGS AND PROTECTION TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!
The Era of the Virus is not over. The next move to take over human lives  Think ahead, and have widened perspective. This thing is to make people feel “thankful” when it’s “over”. WE ALL MUST DEMAND TRUTH & DISCLOSURE #QAnon #WWG1WGA
Sign up at  and send Congress a message to investigate China’s role in covering up the virus, bring manufacturing of critical supplies back to the US, make China pay its fair share at the UN, support Taiwan & require universities to disclose Chinese funding 
Remember folks, you can't tan at the beach today. LA County, Santa Monica, Malibu all closed due to Corona Virus. 
Off Camera: No mask... Moral: Virus attacks only when camera is on.. 
2/3 Dr.s with their boots on the ground are saying that the collateral damage of our national response to Covid is going to outweigh the mitigation of this virus in a traditional way: Quarantine the vulnerable...let the healthy crate herd immunity.  …
As testing has ramped up, true scenario is emerging. The virus is beginning to spread densely  & also new cluster of infections are reported everyday. Lifting the lockdown could easily risk triggering a new wave of infections & risk lives @PMOIndia @narendramodi
Hey guys just please do share this and pls have a look over this ..I am a writer and I am written this time on latest corona virus..... @narendramodi sir pls do have a look 
After only a few weeks, Mother Earth is reclaiming cruise ships, restoring the natural order. Humans are the virus 
girl this virus doesn’t give a FUCK. about ur protest lmfao 
If you ever partied here, you’re immune to the virus. 
I support President @realDonaldTrump and his leadership to defeat the Chinese Communist Wuhan virus. America  back stronger than ever, and we will #MakeChinaPay for their 
Dear PM Once our  out of this present crisis of corona virus and life gets back to normal, the first thing we urge you to do is to bring Population Control Bill in the country. @narendramodi @PMOIndia
It seems that Cristina, Chris Cuomo's wife agrees with Trump. She has the virus and is saying that part of the “Cuomos’ Corona Protocol” is adding half a cup of #Clorox bleach to their bath water. She claims  radiation and metals in her system and oxygenates it. 
An anti-lockdown protest has formed outside the #Ontario legislature. Many people chanting that #Covid19 is not real 1 man’s sign: ”I want a haircut” At 1 point, they started singing the national anthem Currently 44,364 Canadians have tested + for the virus & 2,350 have died 
Corona to ebola and other virus ... Coro abeg end your world tour na 
Here's Trump infamous hoax clip from Feb 28- this was before even one American died. Trump also slammed the media that night for being in "hysteria mode." The Dems and media were warning that the virus was more serious than Trump was taking it. Over 52,000 now dead. What HOAX?! 
Actually the reason it won't go away is its an incredibly transmissable virus that infected thousands of people before we knew anything about it.
Japan's professor of Physiology or Medicine, Professor Dr Tasuku Honjo, created a sensation in front of the media today by saying that the corona virus is not natural，Is this reported in Japan? really？  …
I tested positive for the coronavirus with 000 symptoms & so did some of my friends!! You can  fine and be postive for the virus but your friends Mam etc could have asthma or a heart condition and will get very very sick!!
Can someone explain to me how the night curfew prevent #coronavirus spread? Markets, public transportation,mosques & many other places are still overcrowded during day time so does it mean that the virus can't spread during the day? I can't understand what's going on! 
so they just thought they could “ protest the virus” and the virus would say: 
Even the monster energy drinks are starting to bloom again. We are the virus, the earth is healing 
The moment we find out that UV light will kill the virus, Democrats close the beaches and parks.
Im calling it now. When 2020 finally ends the story of the year will be the corona virus.
A beautiful letter I received from Patrick who has recovered from #Covid19 after being hospitalised. A letter to give us hope and to warn us of this awful virus. “It’s a wonderful feeling to be well again” - thank you Patrick. Keep well and our best wishes to you. 
Despite being provided best treatment at hospital.. Dr. Muhammad Javed (ENT deptt, HMC) lost his life. Corona is fatal. Plx stay at home and save urself from this virus. #lockdown 
Pray for those who had to leave campus due to the virus & went home to a bad situation. Please pray for them RIGHT NOW. Pray that God covers them in His love & reminds them every moment, everyday that better  The present does not feel promising, but God has a PLAN.
“But whilst the virus is on”, not sure if you can  this but you can’t turn a virus off.... 
Waiting for a new task!! 
Earth is healing. We are the virus 
And just like that, the roads are empty. Nature is healing. We are the virus 
“In the  months, we will be campaigning and producing educational resources on the impact of Covid-19 on  The virus does not discriminate and everyone is at risk of catching it." Read more in our Covid-19 blog:  
bacci bong a day keeps the virus away 
We need to lift the lockdown, not impose more restrictions. The virus is here to stay, we have to live with it. If your frightened, stay at home, but the rest of us need to get our livelihoods back and get to work #endthelockdownuk
Appreciation post for Fahad Mustafa even in this hard time of corona virus Fahad Mustafa is bringging smiles on the faces of Pakistanis through Jeeto Pakistan, Same constant energy by this man even without any crowd hats off to this Gem. #JeetoPakistanLeague 
This is the kind of crap dichotomy you hear, as if 1) letting the virus run wild would not kill the economy 2) It is the government that is closing the economy, not pple A segment of libertarians/conservatives have a reasoning defect as they think in binary & static labels.  …
I find it amazing that the high risk of Covid for asthma sufferers made worldwide news but the fact that this virus is almost a sure death sentence for people with sickle cell barely scratches the surface. It couldn’t possible be this has to do with the fact only POC are affected  …
Which should I get? 
#PritiPatel 20,000? We were already at 41,000 corona virus deaths based on ONS figures 3 days ago. Stalin would be in awe of this deliberate downplaying of the numbers for political purposes.
My take: #Covid_19 spreads speedily in advanced countries with closed & air conditioned work/living environments, virus gets into systems & entire building  In #Pakistan big groups, banks, offices, malls etc have the same probability/risk. @zfrmrza @SHABAZGIL
The shelter in place still in effect and will be enforced. Wear a mask when engaging with others in public or at 
The Government of Wajir led by his Excellency Governor Abdi is doing a great job in the fight against Corona Virus #VivaGovernorAbdi 
America has the smartest doctors, scientists, researchers, and lab workers in the world—and right now they are all united on one mission: Defeat this virus. No challenge is too great for the United States. Together we will beat this hidden enemy and take our country back. 
Some Informative slides from "India vs the Virus" note from Citi. It includes how #Covid_19 is impacting Global GDP, its impact on Indian Economy, initiatives taken  the Crisis Sector wise Impact also included There is also a slide on how India could emerge 
Spyro and Cynder as adult dragons brought to you by my patreon supporters  and this month's print (though prints have been delayed a bit due to the virus) 
Dear PM Modiji, Once our  out of this present crisis of corona-virus and life gets back to normal, the first thing we urge you to do is to bring Population Control Bill in the country @narendramodi @PMOIndia
Let's get this straight. Patients with #coronavirus, *as a policy* were being sent into nursing homes with the virus, into environments full of people the most susceptible to dying from the infection, causing outbreaks + increased reportable death #'s? How isn't this mass murder?
 back in 2021 because most of y’all forgot why it was part of the big 
NEW YORK SUBWAYS: safe, under such wise leadership PARKS, OPEN TRAILS, AND BEACHES: dangerous and indicative of the reckless idiots who use them and their enabling Republican governor troglodytes  …
Coronavirus: China rejects call for probe into origins of disease - BBC  …
RETWEET! 5G is the real silent killer, not the "Corona Virus"!!! 
Today I came back to my Third Twitter channel to see this tweet Is @potus44 aware of an international leadership shudder? KJU’s absence will change many lives. Does he have the “fake virus”? Does he have 5G towers next to where he sleeps? Has he tried Chlorine?  …
Shine Bright Grimpz2000 xXx Taken so quickly by this, disgusting and ruthless, virus. We will never forget you Dale … 
NEW Advice for parents during corona virus. 
Global times, call on WHO to investigate how deadly wuhan china virus is? CCP is brutal liar 
When she fakes tears and makes her bf say sorry without his fault 
@BorisJohnson @RishiSunak @piersmorgan @Kevin_Maguire you chancellor are creating more stress with #newlyselfemployed than the virus. You are oblivious to their financial pain. The helpline has admitted we can’t get any help. Where do we go now ? HELP!
As nation is under lockdown due to growing cases of Corona Virus, free food is being distributed to needy people in Karachi by Butt Karahi on daily basis. Today First iftar was also arranged on butt karahi.May Allah help us to be free from this difficult time. 
Byzantines are returning to their natural habitats. We are the virus. 
For the childrens who are affected by corona virus in the country, well done captain KL 
Fmr. Bush speechwriter David Frum says President Trump is a "psychological coward" and is "heading toward a historic political defeat — one that will likely take the Republican Senate down with him." 
Trump is incapable of leading the charge against the virus. He is incapable of protecting our economy & jobs. He is incapable of making decisions that benefit Americans rather than himself. He is incapable of protecting our lives. He can’t do his job. #Biden2020
#ilybriana from Ph Army. To err is human, to forgive is divine. Can we trend this hashtag please? Spread Love Virus, people. @BTS_twt ctto: 
‘Virus meets Wick in the Mateix’ #JohnWick @KeanuReevesOrg 
Bhagwan I’ll give up meat, light a 1000 incense sticks. Do me just one favour - pick virus from this world. 
#StudentsFightCorona #LadengeAurJeetenge NSUI members all over the country following the way shown by @Neerajkundan ji and Ruchi Gupta ji are fighting the ill effects of the corona virus be spreading awareness regarding the precautions for it and also by distributing masks. 
To be fair, the statement "Preliminary investigations ...have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission" is not the same as claiming "person-to-person contact won't spread the virus."
"His daily news briefings are inflicting grave damage on his political standing, Republicans believe, and his recent remarks  the virus with sunlight and disinfectant were a breaking point for a number of senior party officials."  …
nature is healing............. we are the real virus 
From Captain Alvaro and Commander Yohan to Daddy Alvaro and Mommy Yohan 
In New York, African Americans & Latinos are twice as likely to die from the virus. In California, younger African Americans & Latinos are dying at higher rates. The Navajo Nation now has more cases than 13 states. Don't tell me there isn't a racial dimension to this crisis.
‘Heavy Metal’ Launch A New Comic Book Imprint, Virus, In The Middle Of A Pandemic.  
The sun might be shining, but the virus hasn’t gone away. 
Gotta fight the virus 
This is not about a virus. This about about CONTROL. This is about BRINGING AMERICA DOWN. And this is about USHERING IN A NEW WORLD ORDER. What they failed to do with Climate Change or the Green New Deal, they’ve successfully done with their fear & panic-fest over the Wuhan flu.
Why can't the Chinese virus be called the Chinese virus, but China says this is African horse sickness ? Racism ?  …
#संतरामपालजी_का_सत्संग_सुनें Listen to the treatment of incurable diseases in the satsang of full Guru. While there is no cure for the corona virus yet, through the satsang of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj, you will get a solid treatment of this epidemic. 
I had that little guy feeling after all this "We're the virus" philosophers came out of woodwork. STFU, people. 
What's incredible about this is none of these people were telling Trump to handle the virus better in January and February, when he could have, you know, saved tens of thousands of lives. But they are panicked by the political doom they face now. Truly pathetic.  …
Pop a squat, I shit on bitches in my sleep 
Hey all here are the 4 ways( daily routine) to improve your immunity during this #Corona corona virus pandemic... 1.  2.  3.  4.  
#SocialDistancing orders to keep two metres apart to stop the spread of coronavirus is based on a made up figure RobertDingwall from the New and Emerging Respiratory Virus Threats Advisory Group ( #Nervtag) said the rule was 'conjured up out of  …
"I'm from . is a place of hope and peace! Right now, all over the world there is a virus named #Covid19! #Covid19 is very dangerous! We are all in quarantine right now, but I know that hope and peace are not gone! We will survive this and move on!" She's right. 
a selfie a day keeps corona virus away jk 
Do you think the UK Government is doing enough to save lives from the #COVID19 virus.
The sun might be shining, but the virus hasn’t gone away. Stop the spread, stay home. 
Bloomberg and Trump last spoke during presidential transition. Trump ended call by reciting his personal cell number. But Bloomberg didn’t write it down. When an aide expressed surprise, Bloomberg said there was no point because he would never use  …
Thank you @POTUS I am now cured from the Chinese Virus 
Behind the 
What if... The Wuhan Virus was actually unrestricted warfare on the world to destroy the US Economy with Bill Gates, WHO, CDC, Bidens, Soros, Dems/DNC Deep State and China, all with an interest in taking Trump down that would benefit them all? 
We know there are huge issues with PPE in this country, so we don't need millions more trying to get masks. There's no harm in using a homemade one on trains, buses etc. It will help prevent you spreading the virus. Avoid medical masks - they're needed. Use an old T-shirt!
The departure of Dr Javed from the Hayatabad Medical Complex Peshawar where he laid down his life fighting corona virus. The entire hospital staff lined up for him to bid him one last farewell. He is truly a martyr. 
I’ve been shit scared about leaving the house since this virus & now worried my lack of exercise will increase strain on my body. I’ve started walking just 20 minutes round Upholland for the last two days. I do feel better already & I am going to increase miles/ time each day. 
President Uhuru Kenyatta has refuted claims that Kenyans are being used as guinea pigs for the trials of a vaccine of the COVID-19 virus. He has said the responsible institutions including KEMRI are working with others to find the vaccine to the virus. #tukonews 
Alternative theory to why Trump beat it out of the briefing room. It had nothing to do with aides convincing him he was screwing up or virus news. He desperately doesn't want to field questions about what he owes the Bank of China and it's connection to US-China policy.
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera @sparsh
Warriors Basketball Academy Keep the distance, keep safe, together we will over the Corona virus pandemic . 
Important medical tip from the World Health Organization: DO NOT drink Lysol to eliminate the COVID-19 virus until you are finished eating all of your Tide pods.￼ 
#SultanNTRBdayMonthCDP Trending faster than virus 
I wrote today about Mitch McConnell's seemingly bizarre and  on letting states go bankrupt in the virus crisis  …
Alhamdulillah Days of Blessings... 
My contribution to 
A young girl in our Hope on Wheels Club sent this to the others in her group: “I miss every one of you & I pray that we can meet soon when this virus is over. Check my drawings, I decided to work on my talent believing that God gave each one of us a talent that makes us unique!” 
Expressing our gratitude to all health workers fighting the deadly corona virus and wanna extend our help also in this difficult times by supplying DG set for hospital/isolation centers on urgent basis. W R just a tweet away 
If you could end corona virus by sacrificing one malaysian, which one would you choose and why Nurul Zahid?
Han Chinese virus#Uyghur Land og Tibet No China land #get out my country han 
#TrumpIsALaughingStock new miracle cure for corona virus. Duck a l’orange 
It's time to show your strength, to decrease strength of Corona Virus. Use #FeverDetectionCamera
Davido says he will be donating all the proceeds from his new video D&G to Corona Virus relief. I stan a king 
Made in Germany #VOLTRONIC AC22 Anti-Microbial Spray, eliminates virus, bacteria, fungus and bad odour, by VOLTRONIC Malaysia #sanitizer 
Sis really said “I’m here to protest the virus” as if it was gonna send her a response in 3-5 working days
Ap tops in promoting jagan govt (publicity) & Corona Virus. YCP : Yes Corona Promoters #YCPCovidiots 
In the first ever journalistic account from Inside a COVID hospital. I travel to Indore's Aurobindo Medical Institute to meet these unsung heroes-the Hindu Men at the Mortuary who bury the Muslims who've died from the Virus. "Yeh Insaniyat Ki Baat Hai". Up on 
I knew that Pelosi and Democrats are in on the virus against President Trump. Pelosi is a corrupt criminal. Prison doors are ready for you!!!!
I'm working with microscope, I collect Blood samples, I study about Pathogens, Virus,, Bacteria, etc. I work on Sterilization I worK on epidemiology, then why I'm not yet Professionalised #professionalizeMICROBIOLOGY 
100% imported made in Germany, the original cold fogging #disinfectant #sanitizer #VOLTRONIC AC22 Anti-Microbial helps eliminate #virus #germs #bacteria #fungus #mold #badodour #摩德机油心得 
Amidst this coronavirus pandemic. We need more of virologists in this country to provide us with vaccine against this deadly virus, our reliance shouldn't be on virologists/researchers from other countries hence the need to 
Countries around the world have attacked this virus in  different way to us, with spectacularly different results. We now have only a few short weeks to learn from them and put a plan in place to ease the lockdown.  …
I just watched the briefing by Trump where he mentioned disinfectant killing the Covid19 virus. I don’t know how people took it to mean “Trump said I should inject myself with disinfectant”. If you came to that conclusion then the world is more stupid than I thought. #Trump
After testing + for #Covid19 & a tough couple of wks I now thankfully, feel betterPraying 4 all battling this virus everywhere & all who have lost loved onesTY 2 family, friends & colleagues 4 awesome supportcan’t wait 2 get back 2 work #Staysafe #Bekind #Thistooshallpass
#IThoughtTodayIllBe drinking beer with friends and family 
LIVE | The restrictions are not destroying the economy, it is the virus itself, says Dlamini-Zuma. #level4lockdown  
Does anyone else find it incredibly patronising that, during a pandemic that has seen the whole of our country locked indoors, from a potentially fatal virus, that the media think all we’ll be interested in is their gotcha journalism and any bit of dirt on No 10 they can find?
China create Corona Virus Now marketing testing kit and PPE. China also trying to buy  When do we understand china politics? 
100% imported made in Germany, the original cold fogging #disinfectant #sanitizer #VOLTRONIC AC22 Anti-Microbial helps eliminate #virus #germs #bacteria #fungus #mold 
Gujarat - The new Epicenter! When states like Kerala were proactive to control the spread of virus, BJP was busy building walls in Ahmedabad and organizing NamasteTrump in which lakhs of people participated. #ModiMadeDisaster  
Quarantine Centers in Chitral are easy ways for the virus to spread. Those who have references have fled already, and poor civilians within the centers are cursing the  of leadership and left to the mercy of God only. @DCLowerChitral @ChitralPolice
Dear Sir, Use below  and give a try for corona virus medicine 1. Hydroxychloroquine IP 50mg 2. Paracetamol IP 75mg 3. Phenylephrine Hydrochloride IP 25mg 4. Caffeine Anhydrous IP 50mg 5. Nintedanib IP 25mg 6. Pirfenidone IP 25mg @PresidentRussia @EU_Commission
It's time to show your strength, to decrease strength of Corona Virus. Use #FeverDetectionCamera
how can you protest against a virus, like when miss rona sees the demonstrations on tv she'll be like maybe i should stop killing people, wtf
my queen T..talk about the well-being of the pipo in the world as we are suffering from this virus we need to help pipo who are in needy ..my queen did help pipo who are in needy because we are one and we are fighting this virus together in oneness.. 
Some scientists say possibility of Chinese Virus originating in Chinese lab. CHINA are to blame for the spread of the disease. 
Made in Germany #VOLTRONIC AC22 Anti-Microbial Spray, eliminates virus, bacteria, fungus and bad odour, by VOLTRONIC Thailand. 
No virus gonna fuck with that shit #NONE 
Some of Allison Pearson’s #coronavirus untruths & misinformation: 1) Claimed chloroquine to be effective against virus despite no empirical evidence that it is 2) Claimed, without evidence, that Vitamin D & sunlight  virus
IF THIS ISN'T A HINT, THEN I'M READY TO BE THE MOST CLOWNIEST CLOWN IN THE HISTORY 
NEET/JEE aspirant's exam date has been extended due to corona virus. Backbenchers to NTA 
Virus (cartoon for @newscientist ) 
Prediction of Emergence of the Corona Virus in Hadiths 
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera 
LET'S PRAY TOGETHER FOR THIS CORONA VIRUS TO DESTROY ASAP!!!! @aldenrichards02 @mainedcm #ALDUBPrayTogether  …
Before corona virus took over , I miss you guys ! 
Well done, Government and media. A million people now too terrified of #COVID19 - a mild illness for most healthy adults - to go to A&E this month. Thousands of avoidable  down the road. Far more deaths than caused by the virus. What a farce.
and the virus has been planted 
Declare United states independent again! Independent from China’s products!! Globalization including China is wrong. China brought you the virus. So many people died and dying. Jobs are disappearing. You are losing your life. And China government still hate you! 
My brother is fighting with deadly virus. Instead of praying you are disturbing him mentally, people without checking the authenticity amplifying wrong info. Strict action should be taken against this. @TrishaBShetty @DiwakarSharmaa @CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice 
Trump: "We can't let the cure be worse than the virus" Also Trump: "Let's try injecting disinfectants into the human body" 
Virus replaced his left gem with nicole’s. Enerjak obliterated shards body and took his core to do some kooky shit so there was no physical piece of him to recover, so virus just turned his other gem black to reference his colour scheme lol 
79.9 Allan fill you up 
Riddle me this, Batman... if increases in heat and humidity mean the virus will be less “successful,” why are cases on the rise in South Florida where temps are in the 80s with 75% humidity?! Anyone? #COVID19
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera 
1/2 Proof that "Bat coronavirus RaTG13" & "Rhinolophus bat coronavirus BtCoV/4991" are the same virus Why never explicitly stated by WIV researchers? isolation_source="Feces/Swabs" host="Rhinolophus affinis" country="China" collection_date="Jul-2013"  …
FUCK CORONA VIRUS IM THE REAL FUCKING PLAGUE 
#ChineseVirus19 #AngelaMerkel Who will pay the losses incurred “We will have to live with this virus for a long time.” 
#AnimalCrossing #ACNH #NintendoSwitch OMG GABI HAS CAR OWNER VIRUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Chimon's birthday project was the relief operations for the Taal Volcano Eruption evacuees. Pluem's birthday project is providing meals and PPE's to frontliners that are battling the covid 19 virus. Worthwhile projects that we in the fandom are proud of. #PluemChimon 
Radioactive Iodine killed my cancer cells by basically overheating them, along with any virus inside of those cells. So, there is some proven methodology in there. I don't think @realDonaldTrump would mention it if he wasn't aware of some success stories.
O'Hare... I-I like you but that's not something you say in public! #AnimalCrossingNewHorizons 
Oh...well....then, here’s an article from Feb 2018, from WebMD no less, stating it even kills MRSA and H1N1. And for Joe, that’s  …
“Don’t defend Trump, other than the China travel ban – attack China” Former Pompeo and Tom Cotton advisor authors 57-page memo advising GOP to lash out at China to deflect from Trump’s failures on  …
Let's hope that the Oxford University Scientists initiative to find CORONA VIRUS VACCINE  out successful and May God save the human race. #Covid_19 
Police in India rounded up people in the street and put them in an ambulance with a fake Corona virus patient just to bring reality closer to home. It worked wonders! 
Americans, don’t be fooled by politicians. Their focus is to create an impression that “they’ve done a great job” and to scapegoat China, rather than on the effect of virus control. If this continues, epidemic will repeat in the US. More Americans will die. 
Newscum is the real virus. 
Ep13 Spoiler Alert - - Official : unagami is a virus 
3 Idiots has  super relevant amid the #coronavirus crisis. #SaturdayMotivation #covid19world #SaturdayThoughts #StayHome #HappyLifeMantras #StaySafe #SaturdayMorning #3idiots #virus 
Many of the fights from China are landing in Anchorage, Alaska before being distributed to America as domestic flights. This has to stop .why be socially distanced if the virus continues to be propagated by the CCP directly into our country. Flight Aware. 
No one needed to be "warned," at that point. Everyone who wasn't living under a rock knew about the virus and the threat it posed worldwide. The issue was his failure to ACT. He failed to do what he said he would do in that very speech.
Tackle the virus from the inside out! #CoronaVirusChallenge #lighttherapy #virus 
Everyone relax, I'm high now.
i feel like ben affleck and i would connect on a deep emotional 
The government at central level n in all the provinces should take WHO warning seriously that it must take more strict steps  locked down, otherwise, the corona virus situation in Pakistan may go out of control. #completelockdown @ImranKhanPTI @OfficialDGISPR
Have a gander at all the Celebrities toughing out the Virus Quarantine  …
What was the fundamental, systemic mistake made by Western societies that explains the virus disaster?
This virus is terrifying.  …
Freckle-breasted Woodpecker: this might be a young male, but the bird is wet after heavy rain here this morning so hard to tell. It was only 21C when I snapped this fella. A bit of  relief from 40C+ of recent days. Mind you perhaps the heat really does kill the virus? 
The virus doesn't care that you've been sheltering in place for 6 weeks. The virus doesn't care that you're tired of baking & board games. The virus doesn't care that it's going to be 75 degrees on a Sat. The only way to beat the virus is to #StayHome .
#新冠病毒 #新冠肺炎 Spread the terrible "political virus". 
#OutboundFlightsFromIndiaNOW #StartOutboundFlightsFromIndia @airindiain @HardeepSPuri @sujeeth_9 @amrita_c333 @surbhiagarwal28 Sir chances  more less of virus spread if mandatory protocols are followed in flights look at this article 
The Smurfs (2011) on DVD is roaming wild again. Earth is healing. We are the virus. 
This virus ain’t stopping me! 
“I’m protesting the virus!!!!” Like the virus has any knowledge of that?
WATCH: Dr. Wasserman tells @Maddow, "if we don't focus on our nursing homes and assisted living facilities and protect the individuals there ... the numbers of folks with the virus and the numbers who succumb will dramatically go up." 
“The CCP shouldn’t be running Silicon Valley, or trampling free speech in America,” said Senator @TedCruz. Several US lawmakers are calling out #YouTube after its CEO said that content that goes against @WHO  will be  …
#Social_Distancing Maintain social distance.......you never know where the virus is present 
Sarcasm (/ˈsɑːkaz(ə)m/): the use of irony to mock or convey contempt. What was he mocking? The virus? To whom was he showing contempt? The scientists who said hydroxychloroquine wouldn't work? Is a press conference about a pandemic the best place to be trying for a laugh anyway? 
Children of Japanese doctors/nurses are being shut out from day-care centers, or being asked for proof they aren’t infected with COVID-19, forcing those on the front line of the pandemic to fight another insidious enemy⼀discrimination. W/  …
retweet for a version of your profile pic infected with... his virus 
*NEW VIDEO* Exclusive - Leaked Documents Expose Second Wave of Virus Outbreak in North China WATCH ▷  
New U.S. counties showing a high prevalence of COVID-19 cases are more suburban, whiter, and voted more strongly for Donald Trump than counties the virus hit first. 
Truth is, it’s easy to make it possible for citizens to vote without exposure to a deadly virus. What takes work is making it hard & dangerous for eligible people to vote. Anyone who wants to do that shouldn’t have any power over how our elections work.  …
. @Andy Cohen, who survived coronavirus, says he was told he’s ineligible to donate his antibody rich plasma to help those battling the virus, because he is a gay man.  
. @davidfrum on Trump's presidential behavior: "He is weak, he is heading toward a historic political defeat– one that will likely take the Republican Senate down with him. He is terrified all the time. His bravado is a carapace around his 
Avocados are back, we are the virus. 
Let's confuse 
this virus has negatively impacted millions of people, personally, socially, and economically. many are desperate for a miracle cure or quick fix, but reliable, safe science takes time to produce. hope is a beautiful thing, it just needs to be tethered with realistic expectations
Swedish fish are back in their natural habitat..... maybe we are the virus....... 
mad litol 
...and the president, who has been searching for good news to point to and doesn’t always like experts outshining him, took the official’s info about surface durability of the virus and started asking Birx to look at chemical injections.  …
nature is healing. we are the virus. 
.⁦ @RandPaul⁩: “The virus is still dangerous...we shouldn't ignore the risks... (but) no amount of bailout dollars will stimulate an economy that is being strangled by quarantine! It is not a lack of money that plagues us, but a lack   …
"I'm here to protest the virus" Says a peptester during #endthelockdown Protest in Albany, NY this week Watch full video  
Gotta love the media’s take on this virus on the behalf of Gates/Fauci/Birx. 
Me Monday 
We Are Living in a Failed State  … “When the virus came here,” George Packer writes, “it found a country with serious underlying conditions, and it exploited them ruthlessly.”
Aides to the President saying some mistakes are because he's tired from his work on the virus. @nytimes report from today detailed his day--spends all morning watching  to the office around noon, does some calls, does the brfg and then back to watching TV. Tired?
My friend was tested positive today from Covid-19 please join me to pray for her recovery from Corona Virus.... 
China lied about the virus Joe Biden did nothing China took advantage of the U.S. on trade Joe Biden did nothing China militarized the South China Sea Joe Biden did nothing It makes one wonder if Hunter Biden's deals with the Chinese are why Joe is so soft on China!
After his suggestion that injecting disinfectant to treat the coronavirus drew waves of criticism, President Trump may cut back on his appearances at daily press briefings on the pandemic, White House and GOP officials tell 
The U.S. has used contact tracing to stop the spread of STDs and tuberculosis, and other countries have begun to use this tool to stop the spread of COVID-19. Congress must step up so we can stop chasing after this virus and start fighting it head-on.
To confront a national crisis, we need a proactive nationwide strategy—and the Trump administration is failing  up with one. Rep. @Andy_Levin and I have laid out a plan for a national contact tracing program that will stop the virus in its tracks.  …
GOOGLE DELETED PRICELESS POST ON CORONA VIRUS 
so I made a tik tok 
B4 Covid-19 race data came out there wasn’t a single essay, speech, talking point abt personal responsibility. We didn’t examine the health habits of those who died. It was the stealth virus& succumbing to it was no one’s fault. Y’all can pretend race doesn’t matter but I won’t.
And please please please run the story of the bicycle riders confrontation when Coumo when he was supposedly quarantined in his basement with the virus!! Bet a bunch you don’t have the guts to investigate and report it.
The world is healing humans are the virus 
Facts: The Obamas entered the White House with a net worth of $1.3 million They're now reported to be worth $135 million AND Barack Obama still gets a 6-figure pension Trump donated his last paycheck to fight the China Virus? How much have Barack & Michelle donated?
Coronavirus spreads to Trump country and some worry initial messaging playing down virus may have put his own voters at risk  
You mean the guy who looked directly at the Sun during an eclipse also  ingesting disinfectant to cure a virus? Shocker!! 
Covid-19 has officially hit my family. My uncle has passed after he caught the virus while attending physical therapy.
This car is afraid of carona virus 
The corn dogs and the foot longs are starting  back. We are the virus. 
The media is the virus 
ADDITIONAL SOURCES/ As to Tweet #43, here's the NEW YORK TIMES article discussing both the 430,000 visitors from China Trump could've prevented if he'd stopped travel in late December—a month after he knew of the virus—and the *40,000* post-"ban" arrivals.  …
#COVID19 update: We now have 1,379 cases in #Austin, up 65 from yesterday. Unfortunately, we have now lost a total of 32 lives to this virus, up one from yesterday (1/10) 
If corona virus had a face 
#OpenAmerica @NYGovCuomo @GovNedLamont Apparently your numbers are WRONG! The governors are the virus! We need to get rid you!  …
At this point I’m fearing my government more than this virus.
This is scary, as the NCDC reported 114 new cases, raising the total number of the cases to 1095 in Nigeria. Hey, we need to do this sacrifice, this virus is very real, let’s abandon the streets now and #StayAtHome
43/ It's with all of this in mind that we must consider the *80-day lapse* from Trump receiving intelligence about the virus in November 2019 from multiple agencies and the February 2 execution of Trump's China travel "ban"—which 40,000 got through no problem after it was issued.
42/ But it's more than this: Trump was being told by a cadre of Americans at the World Health Organization in December that there was a virus in China that  to the U.S. and be devastating—further confirming the intel reports from 2 U.S. agencies.  …
‘I’m here to protest the virus’ — Trump superfans, conspiracy theorists, and anti-vaxxers came out of the woodwork for this anti-lockdown protest in Albany, NY. At least 15,740 New Yorkers have died from COVID-19 
39/ But he didn't just permit it—though he knew from the DHHS Crimson Contagion simulation, the NSC pandemic playbook, and papers submitted by White House economists that the virus he'd learned of in November could devastate the US, he sent China our PPEs.  …
the hotdog are finally returning to the pastures. the earth is healing. we are the virus 
37/ At a time Trump knew of the virus, per the senior White House correspondent at HUFFPOST China inserted in its trade negotiation with him an exceedingly rare trade-deal clause that excused China  in the event of—for instance—a pandemic.  …
Jim has been volunteering with us since 2013 & has donated 2,823+ hours! When the pandemic hit, he didn't let his age or concerns over the virus stop him from volunteering. To wrap up #NationalVolunteerWeek we want to thank Jim and all of our volunteers who are fighting 
My brother-in-law cant survive. He will be removed from his ventilator tomorrow. You DONT need to go bowling or to a nail salon or wherever. You want to die? Use a gun. But don't let your selfishness rain misery on families with loved ones who couldnt avoid the virus you spread.
34/ In November 2019, just a few weeks after Trump gets the Biden dirt he demanded from China, U.S. intelligence tells Trump that there is a virus emerging in China that could be dangerous. The intelligence is urgent  from multiple U.S. agencies.  …
Helena putting in that 
He is the virus let’s get rid of him #November2020 
When the left finds out sun light kills the virus 
Today The Donald think because UV light kill virus, if you is ride in SUV you is be safe.
Man doesn't have a clue about this virus. Is uneducated and he has no damn business giving medical advice! So stop making excuses for man in WH!!!! @realDonaldTrump has no business giving any advice!!!  
We are fighting two wars right now First the war of coronavirus and secondly the war of hunger virus.... May the LORD help us through.... O LORD ARISE FOR OUR HELP, AND REDEEM US FOR THY MERCIES' SAKE 
scrapped panel from a  i applaud u if u can make out whats happening 
Is Corona Virus ruining your 2020 plans? 
Any virus 
783 workers at a Smithfield Foods plant in South Dakota have tested positive for COVID-19 — and two have died. Now workers at another plant are suing, alleging that working conditions contribute to the spread of the virus. 
‘Don’t defend Trump – attack China’: coronavirus strategy revealed in Republican  …
One more doctor: a crisis is also brewing that threatens to be much larger than the crisis caused by the virus itself. It is the crisis of every other medical ailment ignored, postponed or left untreated while we focus on coronavirus  …
The Covid 19 virus has helped our planet recover a little. Are we ready to live the same life again? 
There’s no rest for me! I’m immune to the virus, so I’m out delivering food to everyone! I’ll show everyone the power of robots! 
Ahhh, Trump's suggestion about using disinfectants  the virus was hardly a prank, and it sure wasn't sarcastic. Trump will say anything because he lacks an internal governor, a conscience and empathy.
Challenging the Cover-Up: @PeterSchweizer says U.S. relations with China will be a central issue in the election as the world uncovers China’s lies in the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
virus has robbed me of the simple pleasures of public bathrooms, i am forced to use this substitute 
[1.7] Corona Virus Cases Tracker Widgets – COVID-19 Coronavirus Map, Table & Stats Widgets  
mmmind on danny 
I’ve been wearing extra layering when I go out because I don’t want to catch this virus. I wish I was still in school, I could probably be working on a cure in science class! 
Guys my granny bought me data cos she wanna c ma post mo tv Channel o pls dnt dissapoint her 
Fighting the Contagion: @DrOz says ultraviolet light may be able to help with purification systems in crowded spaces during the Wuhan virus pandemic. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
Scientists at Cedars-Sinai are developing an ultraviolet light that is inserted into the lungs of coronavirus patients to kill the virus living there. Trump was right again about "inserting UV light." It's called the #Healight 
Uhhhhhh sir I don't think that's how virus statistics work 
Corona virus won’t get us down!We’re not going to take it! Let’s go Rangers! #rpimsrocks #WarrenWill 
This is a picture of my dad. He was diagnosed last Sunday with coronavirus - died in one week. I didn’t get to say goodbye to him and I didn’t get to hold him. This virus is a monster and a beast, it robs you of a last goodbye. It puts a barrier up it doesn’t let you get through 
When is he going to nuke the virus? #TrumpIsAnIdiot 
In a election year our President wanted doctors to test injecting disinfectants into humans OR ”powerful light” to stop a deadly virus. If you still think he should be President, go get a haircut and hit the beach. #DisinfectantDonnie
Is the virus present in tears? 
Governorate of Muthanna, southern #Iraq records the most severe type of corona disease, and the most deadly in human life, as it directly affects the respiratory system, and the government ignores appeals to take measures to stop the spread of the virus. 
Voluntary groups fighting corona virus alongside health care staff. 
A Trump adviser working with the task force admitted to feeling an immediate visceral reaction to  suggesting people could inject themselves with sunlight and disinfectants as a cure for the virus. "I wanted to hide," the adviser said.  …
Happy virus that we all needed @konnect_danielk #KangDaniel 
I'm drinking pine sol Brendon. The gas station was out of bleach. We're dealing with a disease man has never seen Brendon, and modern antibiotics will never work, also I don't have health insurance. What these quacks don't understand is that you have to outsmart the cornea virus 
ATTENTION: A picture is emerging—across 10 major-media investigative reports—of the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. as a bribery scandal in which Trump looked the other way on intel about the virus in November in order to placate Chinese lenders and get political dirt on Joe Biden.
Trumpers after they hear the #TidePodPresident tell them disinfectants kill the virus. 
Corona virus not here. !!! 
Mexico has just recorded 12,000 new severe lung infections IN ONE WEEK Compare that to the 11,633 coronavirus cases registered over TWO MONTHS and you get a sense of how much under-counting is going on Infections jumped 50% this season By  …
FDA requires that if you're dead and you are infected with the Wuhan virus. Even if it's a traffic accident. Then the virus cause of death. One way to keep those numbers up. You can't trust anyone anymore.
Nature is healing....we are the virus 
The orca whales are finally returning to Chatfield Reservoir. Nature is healing. We are the virus 
I believe that Captain Crozier's brave actions likely saved lives, even knowing his career may be forfeit. He is the kind of leader we should want in our armed forces, and should be recognized as  …
March: the virus can survive on surfaces April: the virus can linger in the air May: the virus can withstand extreme temperatures June: the virus can survive a nuclear explosion July: the virus can travel through time
its a fucking virus. 
Yes...but everybody keep an open mind. BTW has anyone suggested Mike Tyson try punching the virus? He could really "do a number" on those cells. What about insults? What if Doctor's try insulting the virus, or taking it to court, or giving it cigarettes to smoke...  …
Deepansh Sethi explained what is corona virus its symptoms & how to avoid it. Appealed to the people & made them aware by giving their message Deepansh Sethi दीपांश सेठी Bal Bhavan Public School बाल भवन पब्लिक स्कूल Mayur Vihar Phase 2 New Delhi 110091 
support Tedros, if investigating USA, that will be better, becuse USA maybe virus exporter 
Testing for #COVID19 is vital to continue mitigating the spread of the virus. If you’re displaying mild symptoms or if you’re a critical infrastructure worker, you are eligible to get a test. Visit  to contact a testing site near you.
you know what even tho prom is cancelled at least we’re staying safe and preventing the spread of the virus! 
Take one a day to keep the virus away. 
she's like bitch! get your virus hands off my dog 
Spread the fight. Milk Tea Alliance against the Communist Party virus invading social media from Beijing. 
“When  together, magic happens. Let us fight this virus TOGETHER. Wash your hands, practice social distancing, take this seriously and stay safe. Thank you to the unknown heroes and the heroes.” #StayHome #RacismIsAVirus 
During an update about a virus that has almost a million people sick and 50,000 dead, there should BE NO JOKES OR SARCASM! This is a fucking serious matter and there’s no room for jokes during this update.
JUST IN: The Navy's top admiral  Capt. Brett Crozier be reinstated as  officer of the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt, weeks after he was fired by the Navy's former acting secretary, a U.S. official 
Wish you and your family a very Happy Ramazan. Ya Allah protect everyone from deadly virus Aameen 
Our adversaries are most dangerous when cornered and wounded. The virus may burn out, but an even scarier world continues: 
Good for the Navy. Absolutely the right thing to  …
AE911 is a CIA dis-info group to keep people from the truth that they're using DEWs to kill us. They trash Dr Judy Wood, a materials expert who proves directed energy weapons did 911. They used DEWs to cremated CA in "forest fires". It's 5G not virus pandemic/worldwide genocide. 
People are rightly concerned about a second wave, and that threat will be with us for some time. But South Korea has shown it can be handled. Cases and fatalities are still reducing there despite them dealing with the virus for much longer. We should not be paralysed by fear.
As our President smashes the China Virus, I want to thank @realDonaldTrump for his leadership in moving quickly to protect the lives of 
Capitalism is the virus. Communism is the cure. #plp #challenge 
Because they were learning how the virus operates. That’s been said. Why don’t you follow the news?
someone in the group chat has put that virus thing now my twitter won’t work THANKS A LOT RACHEL 
I think some people don't realize just how simple Trump's mind is. Trump hears study that UV light and #disinfectant kills the virus so his first thought is "apply that to the body." Since he thinks he's smarter than everyone, doctors couldn’t have possibly thought of that yet.
BREAKING: Navy leaders  reinstating Capt. Brett Crozier, fired over coronavirus  …
I hope he knows it's not  virus 
mother earth is returning to her natural state. nature is healing. we are the virus. 
BANG! And the virus is gone! 
my grandkids in 2068 will be asking about corona virus and what it was like only for me to go on about Chanel the parrot like 
A swig of Lysol a day will keep corona virus away. 
It will take more than a virus for us to forget #AnzacDay 
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPHY #presidente 
While  the government for the action for lockdown as it seems like the only way to stop the spread of the virus we must seek help for those women and girls in violent situation. 
How corona virus will spread by azaan? In the holy month of Ramadan these people want make new issues? Azaan will not be stopped its our islamic rights. No one can stop it. India is democratic and Secular country none government can ban it. #UNHRC
This Virus Sucks #coronavirus #COVID19 #StayHome #StayAtHome #StayAtHomeSaveLives 
While Media Mocks Trump for Suggesting Light Treatment for Coronavirus Patients, Bio-Tech Company Working With FDA and Cedars-Sinai on UV Light Treatment to Kill the Virus in Patients  
May 1st “ NEW VIRUS “ dropping 
The coronavirus pandemic has spread rapidly across California. We are tracking the virus’ spread with an independent, continual survey of local health agencies. Here are the latest numbers of infections and deaths, broken down by city and county:  …
My anti-virus defender!!! 
China's Ambassador to the United Kingdom Liu Xiaoming has condemned a "political virus" that he says has emerged during the #COVID19 crisis, where some politicians and world leaders have resorted to "blaming and scapegoating" China in order to further their own 
Blame the stupid Virus! 
Chapter 47 “Wait a minute!” said Celeste, 27. “Isn’t Langdon an anagram of Long Dan . . ?”
bees are returning to the nose. Nature is healing, we are the virus. 
Donald Trump - "Injecting a #disinfectant can help cure the corona virus" Donald Trump supporters - 
#PSA Beyoncé has a message for the heroes fighting Covid-19. This virus is impacting  the most. We are praying for all of you 
The biggest mistake is trust CCP ! #CCP_is_terrorist The true virus is CCP ! 
So that’s me heading back to work tonight, after near 3 weeks off from having this virus thanks to everyone for your support! There has been some long lonely days, but a few more days of antibiotics and I’ll be % #NHS #COVID19 #TeamNightShift 
liberals think that Mulana #tariqjameel blamed women for Corona virus. He mentioned ' behayai' which is a sin.He pointed towards our society which pays women for mujra i.e men or make them wear short clothes. In the end he also questioned who's to be blamed for all this behaayi? 
I have written to the Home Secretary @patel4witham asking her to do more to secure our borders against Covid-19. We need more screening measures at the border to reduce the spread of the virus. We need a national call for fruit pickers instead of using foreign labour. 
Unfreaking believable that @realDonaldTrump just lied about  yesterday for disinfectant, UV light to be used to fight the virus. Sarcasm? U know u weren’t being sarcastic.  to the WH @JoeBiden
PS4 and Chill lol. 
We have been in the frontlines to protect Kurdistan and all of you from terrorists and enemies, it’s your turn to keep kurdistan safe and strong by staying home and follow KRG guidelines to stop spreading of Corona virus. 
let me get this straight: The MAGA crowd is upset that others look down on them for supporting a man who thinks light and heat or ingestion of disinfectant are a way to cure a virus they think is a hoax. Well, YES, now that you mention it! cc: @RadioFreeTom
You can purify the water with any MMS activator. Purify water and bye bye #covid19. our body is more than 70% water. If we disinfect water in our body the virus dies. I am not responsible for what you do at home, but scientists should investigate this. chlorine dioxide solution 
First we worried robots would take our jobs. Then it was A.I. Finally a virus made it impossible to go to work. Maybe it's not such a good idea to rely on your employment status for whether you live or die in the 21st century. #CongressPassUBI #UBI
Capitalism: a report card... Preparation for a deadly virus: fail. Coping with the virus: fail. Adding a capitalist crash to a viral pandemic: fail. Coping with the crash: fail. Choosing between two trustworthy, brilliant, “stable genius” leaders in November: fail.
COVID-19 in Quebec: Virus creates '2 separate worlds,' says premier — long-term care homes vs. rest of society  
Ramadan Mubarak May Almighty Allah forgive all our sins and save us (all humanity) from the Pendamic Corona Virus...Ameen 
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @vpsbadnore @manuparida1 respected all this is my question to all of you if any one died during carona virus on duty what  will be given to that employees(NHM) how there family survive in future? Had you done anything for them? PlZ suggest
SHOULD NANCY PELSOI BE ARRESTED? Spray Lysol 1st People have been arrested for spreading germs because of the CHINESE VIRUS going around! They would call for President Trump to be removed from office if he was out spreading germs like her. RIGHT? 
We just lockdown everywhere for two weeks and the Virus get frustrated for not seeing us and leave,abi?
The problem with the President's idea about using Ultraviolet light or a chemical to disinfect the virus inside your body, is that it's something medical science has been working on for years. Here are a few examples:  … #disinfectant #BLEACH #MAGA
"The Democrats and liberal national media are trying to move the blame for the spread of coronavirus away from China to President Trump for partisan political gain just to win the November elections," say 49 percent of voters (by @SecretsBedard):  … #KAG
Injecting disinfectant and killing yourself to kill me is a weird flex but ok
So let’s be clear -not following public health advice is not consequence-free. It has an effect. What if it was your mum who ended up in intensive care? Or a loved one who passes away from this virus? Or a work colleague or neighbour who gets very ill. Stay the course. #StayHome
What kinda virus is this 
Trump: Sun light kills the Virus and Disinfectant, we are going to look more into this. The Left: OMG TRUMP TOLD US TO EAT Tide Pods and #InjectDisinfectant These people live in an alternative reality.
“1st we hear alcohol may prevent the virus. Then we hear heat & humidity has no effect but direct Sunlight can kill it. So if you see a woman standing in her yard, drunk & naked... leave me alone... I’m doing important research”. Stole from FB.
We are at Indore's Aurobindo Medical Institute for this first ever report from inside a COVID hospital. Learn "Insaniyat" & Duty from the mortuary workers. 4 Hindu men who perform burials for Muslims who die from Corona virus. This story especially for our hate spewing TV anchors 
"I see blows from a hammer kill the virus instantly. Is there a way we can hit people with hammers? Internally, I mean? Debbie - Dr. Birx - can you look into that? Also, we've already ordered 29,000,000 hammers." -Trump, this afternoon. Probably. #TrumpDisinfectant #IdiotInChief
Nobody likes to hear this but it is the truth. We are not living through the final phase of this crisis, we are still at its beginning. We will still have to live with this virus for a long time. German Chancellor Angela Merkel 
Trump gets virus treatment during update. 
MSNBC called the Coronavirus "a silver lining" because it could take down Trump Joe Biden said he was "excited" about the "institutional changes" Democrats could make because of the virus 27 million Americans out of work And all the left cares about is beating Trump Shameful.
#COVID19 is a reminder that an outbreak anywhere is a threat everywhere. As the virus spreads, millions of children are in danger of missing life-saving vaccines against measles, diphtheria and polio. @UNICEF's work to reach every child is more critical than ever. 
Panicked individuals will crush the virus. Panicked governments will crush the individual.
Facebook Coronavirus ‘Fact Checker’ Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab.  …
Wishing all Muslims #RamzanMubarak - While we observe this holy month by fasting & praying, we must also remember to take all safety precautions against the deadly virus. At this difficult time, let us all continue to pray for victory against 
Ministers were warned last year that the UK must have a robust plan to deal with a pandemic virus.  included stockpiling PPE and sorting other essential kit. Lives have been lost as a result of far too many failures.  …
For those trying to understand the disinfectant story, here's what happened. At the WH briefing Thursday, Bill Bryan, who leads the Science and Technology Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security, talked about a study of the biology of the COVID-19 virus...
Anyone who still listens to trump and takes his “medical advice” should, in fact, inject bleach to fight the corona virus.
Elect a virus; expect a pandemic.
The time of cute girls doing cute things is over! The time for cute boys doing cute things 
The Tudors used to treat venereal diseases by injecting mercury into the 'affected area'. Mercury is, of course, poisonous and these days nobody with any sense would suggest treating a virus with a deadly poison... #History 
Warning! A Virus Threatens America’s Future and Christian Civilization - TFP statement  …
BREAKING: New MoveOn 60-second ad "APRIL" launching in FL, PA, MI: Trump promised the virus would miraculously go away in April. Today is April 24th and 50,000 Americans are dead amid his botched coronavirus response. Trump didn't prepare for April. We will prepare for November. 
Wish you and your family a very Happy Ramazan. Ya Allah protect everyone from deadly virus Aameen Palms up together 
This is the idiot y'all got runnin the country?! THIS MOTHA FUCKA SAID INJECT CLEANING PRODUCTS TO KILL THE VIRUS! THIS THE GUY?!?!?! THIS IS THE MAN?!?!!? WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?! AMERICA IS DEADASS AN EPISODE OF SOUTH PARK RIGHT NOW! Let him try it first. #DontDrinkBleach
Or it gets the virus again! 
Countrywide calls for the introduction of a mask to prevent the corona virus and supports measures to curb the corona announced by the government. Number of tests to be increased. * #काली_पट्टी_निषेध_आंदोलन
Snapped a pic on my walk. The cowboy hats and cigarettes are returning to downtown Nashville. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
The "alarms" are only going off NOW? Trump was in trouble long before the Coronavirus, but Republicans have been in denial over their #LameBrainedTrump (Inject virus-victims with Lysol) 
The only airborne virus I’m seeing out there is “spring fever!” Am I right , gang?
For all we know it's only halftime. How fast the infection goes down depends on what we do now. If we rush back to business as usual the virus will spike fast and furious. We have to be smart.
Our thoughts & prayers continue to be w/ each person suffering & fighting to recover from this terrible virus, & with all of the families who have lost loved ones. Even though we are physically apart, we are all in this fight together.
Let the record show that in the moths of February, March and April, the only cause of death was the Wuhan virus. First time in recorded history.
Takin Fabuloso straight to the veins rn. Dumbass virus can’t get me. 
The look you make when the virus is weighing on you and you are not in the mood. 
@pulte been trying to reach out for months now. Wife and I are both out of pay right now due to the virus and we have an infant. We're desperate and out of options. Please help. 
Fearful of the virus? “It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.” Hebrews 10:31 #turntoCHRISTandlive
Happy birthday BIC!!! Thank you for being MCND's happy virus. You are actually the most precious human being and I hope you can always be happy with Gem. I love you so much!! #Fire_태워_밤새_오늘은BICDAY #HappyBicDay 
"The virus has no borders”. We are proud to join @WHO and many other partners to accelerate all efforts for a universal and equitable access to the vaccine against #COVID19. Finding and distributing the vaccine is the only way to win this battle. Together we will make it.
We're lucky to have a garden. I feel terrible for families locked up in tiny flats. We know the virus doesn't spread so easily outside. We need a roadmap on how we can get people back outside for longer with sensible guidelines. Mental and physical health are suffering hugely.
Number of US coronavirus deaths rises above 50,000 in world's deadliest outbreak of the 
The earth is healing. We are the virus. The bears are finally learning martial arts again. 
Americans are paying the price for Trump’s chaos. He ignored public health experts, delayed the response, and failed to take action to contain the virus.
If you believe, that President Trump believes that injecting yourself with Clorox or Lysol will cure the virus. You're the Idiot, the Moron, the Fool, Not him.
An awareness short film from Green stage about corona virus shooted inside respective artists home ,coming soo.... 
The gist of what Trump said was, "These disinfectants work so well on the virus. Is there any way we could create something like that which works just as well inside the patient's body?" He did NOT  listeners inject bleach. #smh
We can't get widespread testing in America to contain the virus but Trump still bragging like he did something 
China spread the virus Democrats spread the lies Media spread the panic The end result? 26 million Americans out of work It’s time to hold them accountable!
Lysol  warns products shouldn't be used as internal treatment after President Trump wondered if disinfectants could be injected into people. Researchers are examining disinfectants' effect on virus but not as injections, Trump official says. 
And this is with less then 2% of the American population tested for the virus. Trump’s massive failure is costing thousands and thousands and thousands of lives.  …
8-BIT VIRUS THUMBNAIL RT& MGare appreciated 
All of the tomcats have returned to campus. We are the virus. Nature is healing. 
It’s with a heavy heart that I write this post. Yesterday we lost a very esteemed colleague to this awful virus. He was a good man, devoted to his family and our babies. He was also a great mentor and I’m proud to have called him a friend. RIP Boss
BREAKING: Multiple new studies show infectious capacity of SARS-CoV-2 is significantly diminished with relative humidity of 40% or higher. As RH levels rise consistently above 40% (typically in summer months), virus  "unstable" and inactive.
Totalitarian is more horrible than any virus 
Trump's grasping for miracle cures -- bleach, UV light, chloroquine -- is part of lifelong pattern of seeking short cuts. @mffisher wrote about it  …
If the virus had started in Vegas, it would have stayed in Vegas 
66% of SF 'homeless' bums test positive for the virus! FOR HOW LONG HAVE I WARNED THIS POPULATION SHOULD HAVE BEEN REMOVED FROM THE STREETS? Remove them to pre-fab shelters hundreds of miles from City centers. PROTECT THE GENERAL POPULATION before it is too late
BREAKING: New DHS study indicates “Sunlight destroys the virus QUICKLY [emphasis in original]” & the “risk of transmission from surfaces outdoors is lower during daylight.” “Quickly"= SARS-CoV-2 decays to a half-life w/in 2-3 mins in full sunlight & 90% destruction w/in 9-10 mins
"Why are members of  being excluded from helping out when so many people are sick and dying?" asks @Andy 
A little virus? This shit fucked up everything 
Hate business and Islamophobia growing more exponentially in India than even Corona virus... 
Good day to you all let's all survive from this tragic virus Covic 19 I will be blessing $7,500-$15,000.00 to the first 30 people to retweet & like this drop your #CashTag good luck 
So the Chinese Embassy has a song dedicated to the fight of Filipinos against Coronavirus entitled IISANG DAGAT?? My country is currently suffering from a virus that originated from your country’s irresponsibility & you have gall to use this time for propaganda? Fuck Beijing. 
Incredible example of how infective this virus is. Floorplan of an office building where 43% of employees were infected  
NEW: How New Mexico, one of the poorest U.S. states, averted a soaring virus death toll Strategy includes one of nation's highest rates of testing, aggressive social distancing, drawing on scientists & doctors in state My story:  …
When you died in China due to corona virus and reborn in USA 
Nature is healing, we are the virus 
Try New, Improved Tide Pods - now with Clorox to get all the virus out! 
Doctors warn: don’t inject bleach into your body (or allow sunlight to shine on your internal organs). Even tho the president suggested it would stop the virus.  …
$VYST LONG TERM PLAY. virus is not going away. Have to fight it. This will be everywhere. $AMD $FB $AAPL $GE $MSFT $BAC 
May Allah protect all of us from covid-19 virus. 
I dunno… Maybe some Palmolive? Gentle on the lungs. Soak out the virus. 
virus free bday party was a hoot 
If you kill yourself, you kill the virus. 
#TrumpVirus hit South Korea & USA on 1/18/20. South Korea immediately attacked the virus, testing tracking, isolating, quarantining. trump/GOP/FoxNews said it was a hoax. Yesterday, SK had 6 NEW cases & their economy is open. USA had 31,500 NEW cases & USA is in a depression.
If the #25thAmendment wasn’t put in place for a President telling the American people to save themselves from a deadly virus by eating and injecting Lysol, I’m not quite sure what application it’s meant to have.
19/ #COVID19 is enabled by, and in turn amplifies, existing inequalities and injustices. In #Singapore, crowded living conditions, coupled with the lack of protections that left migrant workers afraid to speak out/report sick, helped the virus to spread.  …
most dangerous virus ..like #HIV #BOLCK_BESHARMA #BOLCK_BESHARMA 
Facebook add a new corana virus information centre tab 
Are you Satisfied with the way your Governor is handling the Covid-19 Virus?
Dengue fever is transmitted by the bite of an Aedes mosquito infected with a dengue virus. The mosquito  infected when it bites a person with dengue virus in their blood. It can’t be spread directly from one person to another person. #DengueAbNahi #WaleexMortein
If suggesting that people use a household disinfectant in their veins to fight a virus isn't an immediate trigger for #25thAmendment it may as well not exist at all.
When this virus is over I still want some people to stay away from me.
Using a new coffee creamer this morning per the  of MY President. No way the virus is getting me, thank you President Trump!!!! 
Rise & Shine it's Friday April 24 2020 Day 44 Quarantine for us. With Miss Daisy Health & my COPD we are at big risk to getting this #Covid_19 virus. We hope all are stay safe. As we hit 50 k on Deaths in USA in 45 days. I think opening up to soon will be bad. This shit is real 
BBC info about vaccine to stop corona virus. @aldenrichards02 IGs #AldenRichards 
Y’all are acting like you’ve never seen a 73 year-old drug addict wearing Depends and a dead ferret on his head stand at the WH podium and tell Americans to drink bleach and shine a light up their butts to kill a virus, six weeks into global pandemic, before. @realDonaldTrump
There are whispers this virus was MADE IN A LAB . We went down the amazingly interesting rabbithole to show how science knows this virus wasn’t cooked up . 20minutes is all you need. Feat @VirusWhisperer  …
Breaking news Maulana saad used prega news test kit for his corona virus test #MaulanaSaad 
Hunger kill faster than covid-19 virus @Africa_awhuu  …
Life is more beautiful after this pandemic virus Nadine IG 17daysTo James27B 
Idk abt yall but this is me even BEFORE the virus epoch 
I’m told at today’s Press Briefing Trump will  Skittles  COVID-19. Apparently the rainbow that forms inside you when you ingest them has been found to be protective against the virus. So far evidence is only anecdotal but it looks promising. Lysol 
There is a virus – and there's a virus agenda  …
Trump unquestionably is unfit to serve as president. He endangers every American. Most directly, he endangers his supporters, many of whom either believe the virus is a hoax (prompting them to engage in dangerous behavior) or now that injecting/ingesting disinfectants is in order  …
Me, 26 temporarily living back home because ya know, virus. Them, adult parents not talking. Solution? Leave this in the kitchen. 
The Almajiris need your help during this Ramadan/Lockdown season. There is an urgent need for us to help. Because its not only the virus that kills, hunger also does. May Allah help us all. Ramadan Kareem #StaySafe 
. @VanJones68 shares that he battles high cholesterol, pre-diabetes and hypertension, and writes that if the African  is going to beat this virus, "we are going to have to make big changes in both our public systems and our personal lives" 
Trump absorbs/processes info on a 3rd grade level. Doctors talk about the impact of disinfectant & UV rays on the virus on surfaces/outside the body. Trump’s inability to intelligently process info leads him to suggest putting dsinfectants & sunlight INSIDE the body.  …
NHS staff at Whiston Hospital participate in the applause and minute's silence last night. Sadeq Elhowsh, a much-loved surgeon at the hospital, sadly lost his life to the virus this week. 
A third of intensive care coronavirus patients are from BAME backgrounds. We need to understand why the #coronavirus is affecting them more than others and make sure they’re  …
Dis gender thou le Mr Price ya 
All you need to know about the virus... what Brix family is doing. 
See this Instagram video by @realmarcoagutierrez  … tell me again how this virus is really real? @RealCandaceO @realDonaldTrump
Poisonings related to cleaners and disinfectants surged in the U.S. last 
Lysol just issued a warning not to digest or inject disenfectant to kill Covid-19 after the President's  He was right that injecting bleach would kill the virus but not before killing the patient. The WH should issue a corrective statement.  …
Here's Fox News' Laura Ingraham telling her audience of millions LAST NIGHT, "We were told the virus was far more lethal than the flu. That was terrifying. Now we know it's likely to be closer to maybe a really aggressive flu season." This is after 50K Americans died in a month. 
Chinese virus.. as said.. 
Whats that? You can't pray in the Mosque Can't break fast together No Iftar with  Trapped Ramadan isn't the same Lock down People dying Don't know when it will be back to normal? Cause a VIRUS took over your country .....Must be tough Thats life for Uyghur Muslims 
We did not play Holi we used to play to counter Corona virus #FeverDetectionCamera
It's time to show your strength, to decrease strength of Corona Virus. Use #FeverDetectionCamera
White House corrects transcript of Birx exchange with Trump on light to kill coronavirus virus. Changing from “that is a treatment” to “not as a treatment” 
Was sent this video by friend who is worried I don't laugh as much as usually Sharing because maybe you need to laugh more too Do not ask "Who did this?" if you're not ready to listen to full answer... 
Hundreds of thousand Odia students stranded at Kota - Rajasthan amid outbreak of corona virus & lockdown. Other states viz UP, MP, Chhattisgarh have evacuated their students. Request our @CMO_Odisha @Naveen_Odisha to do necessary arrangements to bring back our students.
The leader of your party thinks we should drink bleach to cure the virus. WWJD? 
Trump owes the Bank of China millions for helping him acquire one of his most valuable properties. The  due in the middle of the next presidential term. Remember how much he echoed Chinese government propaganda about the virus being contained?  …
After yesterday's Trump virus presser, manufacturer's step up with solutions... #FridayHumor #TrumpGenocide with 
#DGISPR The political and military leadership of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and Gilgit Baltistan, is improving the virus situation in the region," DG ISPR informed reporters. @TeamForPakistan
Ya Allah for the sake of this blessing month of Ramadan be please with ummatu Muhammad (s.a.w) and save the world from novel virus. Ameen Ramadan Mubarak to all Muslims all over the world 
As we look ahead to a slow and arduous recovery from the pandemic, the risk is that an even worse virus may strike us: that of a selfish indifference that forgets those who are left behind.
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera 
A lot of people still underrate this virus. The man who died in Oyo on Wed was looking so healthy on Tues that someone who saw him at the hospital said: "Can't be COVID-19. You think everyone sneezing has it?" This virus is real, ppl. Pls follow safety protocol of the season
i thought trump was stupid... but suggesting to inject disinfectant to kill the virus? 
This virus did not break capitalism. This virus showed everything broken by capitalism. Let's heal what capitalism has infected. Let's build our class immunity, let's build our own workers party. Join #WorkersPartyGB
The Imam of Mustapha Pasha Mosque, MustafaTarık carrying out alone the teravih prayer, due to the Corona virus lockdown. 
Dera Sacha Sauda volunteers are contributing a lot to fight against Corona Virus, here we have some of our volunteers who sanitised  Central Jail, Bathinda! Kudos to the whole team and Dera Sacha Sauda! #CoronaRelief #coronavirusindia 
How the virus got out 
helping India to stop outspread of corona virus #FeverDetectionCamera
Thousands of miles from President  news briefings, a conservative leader in Australia and a progressive prime minister in New Zealand are converging on an extraordinary goal: eliminating the 
I'll be praying with my soldiers, and from now till the next seven days, Corona Virus will see it's end in Nigeria. We will see people receiving healings across Nigeria from Now till 7days time. @NCDCgov will start reporting massive recovery and no cases #nolockdown #nocorona
Tips To Keep Your Home Clean and Virus-Free During The COVID-19 Outbreak  …
Hatered towards Muslims and racism has spreaded in whole India and this virus is worst then Coronavirus #DGISPR 
He added that strict measures to be taken curb the spread of the deadly virus. 
There about to non cases of virus in Pakistan Administered Kashmir but India is busy spreading lies about it 
#RamzanTheMonthOfBlessings this year Ramadan will most certainly be a less festive time, amid the coronavirus pandemic as all nations, including Muslims ones, take precautions to curb the spread of the virus by banning or limiting social gatherings, and closing. 
FACT: Bleach will kill the virus in 30-seconds to a few minutes FACT: If you drink it, bleach will kill YOU in 30-seconds to a few minutes #TrumpIsAnIdiot
Say no to Corona Virus #Vaccine trials in 
#HEMO look at the potential MC its the only one attacking the virus NCYT 255 Test kit AVCT 155 Reagents TILS 77 Lung treatment SNG 77 Ditto ODX 56 Test kit GDR 25 Test kit HEMO 9 Antibody treatment that attacks & kills the VIRUS
I believe after this corona virus they will be no more UN or WHO 
The #COVID19 lockdown imposed in many countries across the , including Nigeria, is essential to preventing the spread of the virus. However, this has led to an increase in cases of domestic violence, rape and other forms of #SGBV against women and 
While the US/China r trying to further demonize blk ppl by trying to make us the face of #COVID19, here's an important piece of info that needs more PUBLIC attention. Guess they didn't do it for their "big mama, big daddy or  …
Aiza Syafinaz Shahak, 34, recently lost her husband of 10-years to #Covid19. She could not attend his funeral and later tested positive for the virus. While being treated at Hospital Kuala Lumpur, four other patients in her ward helped Aiza to lift her spirits. 
An NHS hospital trust has been forced to withdraw guidance telling doctors that they need not write “covid-19” on the death certificates of patients who have died with the virus, after it was faced with legal action in the High Court 
A forgotten pandemic. Bedridden workforces. Over 1 million dead. A deadly second wave. The Hong Kong flu of the 1960s showed what can happen when a virus is left unchecked. My latest via ⁦  …
With rugby grounds around the world being used  the corona virus, lets take a look at Twickenham in 1939 
Chapter 45 Celeste stared sadly out at a silent Barcelona. “Do you have any idea how to cure this virus?” she asked sadly. “We could try injecting ourselves with Dettol,” said Langdon. Fifteen minutes later they finally stopped laughing. “Thanks,” said Celeste. “I needed that.”
In the last month, @usaid_india & partners have trained more than 15,700 health workers across 12 Indian states to fight #COVID19. Each day, these health professionals are delivering critical care & raising awareness about this virus. #DostiUnitesUs 
From this. To 
This virus will bring back smoking, drinking at home and the nuclear family. It's the 1950s basically.
A study from @hkumed showed the golden Syrian hamster can be infected with the #SARSCoV2 virus, making it a useful animal model to study how the virus behaves, spreads, and might be treated. #COVID19 
No offense but the corona virus disappearing before May actually sucks  …
The pandemic has caused a flare-up in existing religious intolerance in many countries. I am alarmed to see the upsurge in incitement to hatred, scapegoating religious or  including Christians, Jews, and Muslims for the spread of #virus,” ~ 
Me: the president just suggested injecting bleach to fight the virus. Heather: like the Hillside Stranglers?
The virus has hit Australia hard but we have managed to escape some of the horror unfolding overseas. @cokeefe9 
There is very little known about the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 in the pediatric population. There is no reason to suppose that children are a surface less transmissible than any other. There is every reason to suppose children can die from the illness, as the have.
It is extremely concerning to see the disproportionate toll coronavirus is taking on our  We cannot afford to treat this as an issue to investigate once the crisis is over. We must address it  …
Coronavirus: Doreen Lawrence to head Labour probe on minorities 
Efforts of Sindh Government on Corona Virus Pandemic by Information Secretary SPSF Sheryar Bhagat. @sheryarbhagat 
Sorry America, it's not fucking funny anymore. You elected a guy who talks about injecting bleach to kill a fucking virus. You gave him control of the nuclear button. What the fuck happened to your country?
Toilet Duck on my cornflakes, kick starting that virus immunity. 
“Australia, a nation of 25 million people that had been on track for 153,000 cases by Easter, has recorded a total of 6,670 infections and 78 deaths. It has a daily growth rate of less than 1 percent, with per capita testing among the highest in the  …
#coronavirus stats. USA Passes 50k 
If tou were to sacrifice a musician to stop the corona virus?Which musician would you sacrifice and why Bebecool????!! 
"Hi, I'm Barry Scott. If it can clean an old penny, just imagine what it can do for your lungs. Cillit Bang, give it a go .... BANG ! and the virus has gone" 
Pls my question is this, have they used any virus on Africans brain before corona virus? Africans cannot reason like human being rather they reason like animals mostly Nigerians and her leaders. @Gudman35701451 @AfricaTriumph @realNaomiLitvin @Johniky5
Social distancing reduces the spread of the virus. Keep 2 metres apart. 
HOW AND WHEN DID THIS 
Amidst the #coronavirus outbreak, @ektarkapoor unites with top TV producers and actors in the fight against the virus to spread the importance of staying home. Check it out! @Divyanka_T | @IamEJF | @sidharth_shukla | @ishehnaaz_gill |  …
Coronavirus hit Greece around the same time it hit the UK. Greece went to lockdown, the UK went to Cheltenham. There were no recorded deaths in Greece from the virus yesterday, and just over 100 overall. Their govt followed the science, ours followed the money.
THIS SCREAMS MJ's ETHEREAL 
After corona virus new style of hair cutters in jamshoro 
Coroner Virus Vaccine A Trial to Heal the World  
Lockdowns are meant to slow the spread while govts prepare adequate hospital facilities and emergency provisions, test and isolate all open cases, and engage an economic recovery plan. What has Nigeria actually done with its lockdown? Are we simply waiting for the virus to go?
Matt 15:13 Jesus was speaking saying that every plant, which my Heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up. Corona virus is not of God so don’t panic by the increasing of covid 19 pandemic. Good morning and have a nice day. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Thursday for international cooperation on the development of a vaccine for the new coronavirus, saying that the pandemic transcends borders and can only be countered  …
Bhairava the iconic Bull at Isha dies, collateral damage of Lockdown. Many people cannot get medical attention for ailments as the Virus is stretching the Medics. More discipline needed to get on top of it quick. -Sg 
Three year anniversary of Yassmin Abdel-Magied’s Anzac Day post and there’s no stories about it in The Australia. Nature is healing. News Corp is the virus.
All we keep hearing daily is "STAY AT HOME".The rich wants the poor to stay home to avoid the spread of Corvid19, but HUNGER VIRUS won't allow the poor to stay home.We can only control d spread of d virus when the rich helps the poor by providing enough food to stay at home.
Above all, it is imperative that we observe all guidelines of @NCDCgov aimed at stemming the spread of the virus, much so as it is the teaching of the Noble Prophet Mohammed (SWT) during plague seasons such as this.
Yt folks will see this and think this is a new virus 
How's everyone's  along?
I hope that we have developed a stronger level of trust with the public in the HSE, in responding to #COVID19. We now have to build a health system that has a sustainable defence against this virus & meets everyone's wider health & care needs. We do care. @HSELive
Truth behind Corona virus will shock you. Go to YouTube and listen to Dr Andrew Kaufman. I've concluded that WHO stands for World Hoax Organization 
आत्मनिर्भर बनो!! आत्मनिर्भर बनो!! आत्मनिर्भर बनो!! The message is clear by @narendramodi that India will not let anyone take advantage of our condition. Dream on to capture our market Mr. virus @PMOIndia
Mr President your leadership is exceeding our expectations. You made the W.H.O praise the countries effort  the virus. You can make us laugh even when it's hard to. We thank you. God bless you. 
SmartValue wish everyone to be safe by practice A to Z daily in the crisis of Corona Virus. #Stay Home #Stay 
#TeamFiji, out of the 18 COVID-19 patients,10 have made full recoveries from the virus. So now, there are eight active cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Fiji, meaning that, for the first time, more Fijians have  to those still living with the virus- @FijiPM
Three Viruses In Our State . 1 . Corona Virus 2 . Publicity Virus 3 . Caste Virus #TDPTwitter
The day isn't so far when my Indore city will be number 1 in defeating Chinese Virus too.. 
due to the lack of air pollution, people are returning to the ocean to  prehistoric fish. nature is healing. we are the virus 
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera @sparsh
Dear Sir, Use below  and give a try for corona virus medicine 1. Hydroxychloroquine IP 50mg 2. Paracetamol IP 75mg 3. Phenylephrine Hydrochloride IP 25mg 4. Caffeine Anhydrous IP 50mg 5. Nintedanib IP 25mg 6. Pirfenidone IP 25mg @drvishalrao @drharshvardhan
A cow spotted at Pantai Poli Port Dickson. Nature is healing, we are the virus 
1) Visually branded virus 2) Introduced via conflicting footage from mysterious China 3) Establishes mask culture inc reporting on & fear of fellow man 4) Decreases personal equity (biz, savings, emotional) 5) Increases isolation. Result? #BigBrother2020 
"Was that flu I had in January the coronavirus?" is like a textbook case of whether you understand Bayes'  …
I'm Dracula #dracula #vampire #bloodsucking #virus #coronavirus #quaranteen #socialdistancing 
THREAD: Australia and New Zealand are managing the #Covid pandemic better than nearly everyone. They might even eliminate the virus from both their countries. How? Call it throwback democracy. Call it cause for hope 1/  …
Narrator: It would require just under a month for the President of the United States to publicly declare that ingesting cleaning products was a curative for the virus.  …
#tariqjamil  about immoral women & corona sum up the thinking of most clergy in Pakistan and dare I say, the Prime Minister himself & most of his party & followers. The question is: if we women brought this azaab upon us why is the virus affecting more men than women?
If they just called it "Stay at Home challenge" and posted it on Twitter, the virus would be gone by now.
SARS-CoV-2 virus enters human cell using its spike protein by binding 2 its surface receptor ACE-2 like lock & key. #coronavirus use human cell machinery & makes it a virus factory. Thousands of viruses burst & destroy the human cell & move on to infect more cells #COVID19 
before i go to sleep here a 
Hey America! Please do not inject yourself with  …
Honestly, if your *only* concern at this point is the virus, I think it’s you who may be   …
Goa n manipur r da 2 corona virus free states,hope othr states patients wll also get recovred soon.Jus follow discipline n cleanliness,den whole country wl get away from dis panedemic soon.Special thnks to Doctors n police for their eforts. #Covid_19india, @DGPMaharashtra @NDTV
More than 11 cases have been confirmed from Truck Drivers by Ministry of Health. #StopTruckDrivers is a cry for help from #UOT to curb the spread of the virus in 
nope. not China virus. use a scientific name, bc now i’m just convinced you’re uneducated and why would I be inclined to support anything else you say
REALLY The Governor of Georgia wants to send us in harms way, but he insulates himself from the virus. That’s right he has canceled all tours of his mansion. I plan to call his number everyday about his decision and request a tour. CONTACT GOVERNOR’S MANSION 404-261-1776 
Moriababikun Yah Ramadan! Ramadan Kareem to all muslim members of Owode Community, all muslim Students’ in Osun State and Nigeria at large. May almighty Allah use this period of Ramadan to heal the World from Corona Virus. #Stayhome 
I heard someone drank furniture polish to rid themselves of the virus. It was a slow death, but a beautiful finish.
When crona virus gone I want to go outside stay home is boring for me. 
@LtGovDelhi why it is essential to stop #Azaan in mosques. What happened after the #Azaan will stop does the Corona virus will stop spreading 
Some state lawmakers are having to choose between risking their health and carrying out their elected duties in the midst of the coronavirus 
Can't wait for this virus stuff to end, looking forward to seeing @JellyRoll615 with @TechN9ne in OKC this fall last time I seen jelly was in Sacramento at the ace of spades with Yelawolf
99%citizens are sitting at home. They are getting news from all sources &can analyze easily which virus is spreading,who are spreading & why.We including next generation will remember it for long time with so don't worry #humtumkonabhoolpayenge #COVID2019india @aajtak  …
One last factoid tonight ..97% of those expiring from the Virus has had either serious pre-existing conditions..or..over the age of 65... or.. in prison/jail..or.. residing in a nursing home/ rehabilitation center.. Is the General population truly at risk requiring lockdowns??
COVID-19 is now the leading cause of death in our county. The threat posed by this virus is very real. The sacrifices we’re making to help flatten the curve are working, but there's still a long road ahead. Now is not the time to let up.
Covid-19 lockdown: Man out to get food lynched to death in Bahraich, UP. Is there any other country in the world where people are being lynched to death coz they're suspected of being Covid-19 carriers? A virus is showing us what's ugliest about ourselves.  …
Hmu for detailing this virus got me laid off my union jale dm me for appointments or questions #mobiledetailing 
Who should be responsible for the virus? Who should be protecting people? It's down to you to chose to not social distance. It's down to you to not decide to wear a mask and not stay healthy. It's your choice, responsible, you should be protecting people. #COVID19 
#新冠病毒 #新冠肺炎 Direct the spear of the virus directly to the immigrant group. This in itself is extremely absurd. 
President Trump has added to his list of dubious or inaccurate coronavirus-related medical claims, wrongly suggesting at a White House briefing that sunlight could possibly be used to treat people who have the virus 
Game changer... if filtered and done in increments could potentially kill virus and bacteria. @MASTprogram @BioscienceAytu @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @NYGovCuomo @elonmusk @JoeBiden @BarackObama
#共抗肺炎 #美国疫情 The New Corona virus is rampant across the United States. 
Our regular Thursday night wing night (sometimes nachos) with our friends/neighbors. The covid-19 virus has forced us to be creative with the setup but the game don't change! Can't stop, won't stop #wateringhole 
the sumo wrestlers are returning to the sunflower fields. nature is healing, we are the virus 
We are the virus . 
“By pausing immigration, we’ll help put unemployed Americans first in line for jobs as America reopens...It would be wrong and unjust for Americans laid off by the virus to be replaced with new immigrant labor flown in from abroad.” – @realDonaldTrump
We are in the middle of a pandemic that has already killed almost 50,000 Americans and the president held a press conference today and suggested trying to kill the virus by injecting people with disinfectant He wasn’t saying it to lighten the mood. He was serious.
Another Wuhan? #CCPVirus( #coronavirus) Outbreak in #Harbin ; China Deploys Armed Police to Russian Border “Leaked documents show the number of virus patients there may be 200 times the official data…” @JoshJPhilipp #CCPVirus WATCH FULL EPISODE:  
SARS-CoV-2 infection in children "The virus ... spreads to the family ... especially ... children, who are vulnerable to the infection... school transmission ... can occur. The children at that stage can  a main spreader of the virus."  … 
“ Today @realQueenCersei told the people of the Seven Kingdoms that a vial of acid would prevent white walker virus. Maester Birx sat in stunned disbelief. We implore the public not to ingest the acid in any matter. It will cause immediate death. 
No! It has a lipid layer and before this guy I'd read the virus doesn't do well in heat. Stop tearing our country apart! Not everything Trump says or does is wrong and this is getting beyond sick and destructive on the left!
This nigga here got a fine case of the Based Virus. 
Why is Lina Hidalgo be doing this? She’s out of her mind and is dragging Houston into more deeper pits of Hell! It saddens me to see Houston be hit by the virus, but what pisses me off more is for it to be run by a Communist Tyrant! She needs to be impeached! $1000 Fine = THEFT! 
1/2 Following my how soap destroys #COVID19 virus tweet, people have suggested one should swallow / spraying soap, alcohol etc down their throat or stomach. DO NOT do this!! You can't destroy the virus once it is in you. You could get violently sick or DIE! DO NOT say this Trump!
spotted some airpods roaming out in the wild today. nature is healing. we are the virus 
To get the virus inside of you! 
#新冠病毒 #新冠肺炎 #USAVirus The U.S. government is withholding the source of the virus. #新冠病毒 #新冠肺炎 
Trump treatments! I ain't afraid of no Virus! 
Trump seems to suggest the possibility of "injecting" humans with disinfectants to kill the #Covid19 virus. "I see the disinfectant, where it knocks it out, in a minute. Is there a way we can do something like that?"  
Everyone trying to kill The Corona virus tomorrow 
I’ve been wondering this for weeks. I was hospitalized on New Year’s Eve for what an ER doctor called “a monster pneumonia” and then missed a month of  …
#heautifulharries we’ll be alright I think fine line is a beautiful song that represents hope and good energy, and we could all use a little bit of that rn because of this virus. Stay safe and healthy <3 
look how clear the water’s getting the earth is healing. we are the virus. 
#COVID19 WH Briefing: “the virus is dying at a much more rapid pace just from exposure to higher temperatures. And just from exposure to humidity”  …
The virus is not traveling we are the ones carrying it alone from point to another, so please let's cut chain by staying at home, social distancing and still be practicing good hygiene of hand washing with soap & sanitizer. message 4rm @ibn_allamin 
San Diego went blue the past few Thursdays to thank all of the front line staff and essential workers who are confronting this virus and keeping our city and country healthy and safe. 
Jah, jah, bleach ist gut! Let's make drink bleach now! Maybe it will kill the virus! Ooh, ooh, 
Americans could start to see shortages of pork, chicken and beef on grocery shelves as soon as May as major packing plants swept by the coronavirus remain shuttered and the nation’s massive stockpiles of frozen meat begin to  …
I suggest instead of Covid19 we call this the Trump virus
This photo of downtown LA was taken yesterday. The earth is healing . We are the virus 
Meat shortages  in May. In America.  …
the sun don’t give a fuck about a virus 
i will not pretend for a second that my life was not already tough before the virus started but we were stuck at home before it was cool...but because i have great friends and the love of a strong and loving woman i get by...because she is all that and a bag of chips... 
Maybe we can all just stare into an eclipse while injecting Lysol/Clorox into our eyes and shitting out virus 
We know the government have been doing all is best to contain the ugly virus .Please find ways of conducting survey, you will see that many have turned to beggars on the street. The youths were sidelined. @NigeriaGov please help  …
IM SO MAD I ALMOST HAD THIS BABY BUT THE VIRUS IS RETARDED 
Dave  must have a virus 
For those saying Corona Virus is a Hoax. I just tested positive. :( please keep me in your prayers
i swear if this virus situation didnt happen  …
Very surreal that this warning is necessary after the President of the United States of America suggested this as a possible treatment of a virus...from the podium in the WH.  …
I guess I wasn’t as prepared for the virus as I thought. 
No wonder there's a virus to help hide this sad reality.
A week ago I asked whether it was responsible to carry Trump’s nightly stream of consciousness on live TV. Today, he suggested drinking or injecting disinfectants or “sunlight” to kill the virus. So I will ask again: What value is there to this spectacle?  …
My dad went to the doctor yesterday because he's easily short of breath. It's not virus related. Nothing found so far. But here, I am, thousands of miles away and I can't even be by his side, make him laugh and feel loved, like he has done my entire life. This sucks so hard!
Earlier this month, @FredTheGodson revealed that he testen positive to COVID-19. The New York rapper has unfortunately lost his battle to the virus. R.I.P.!  
Request for Reparation on behalf of Hong Kong People for loss due to Chinese Virus  … #CCP #2019nCoV #MakeChinaPay #liberatehongkong #LiberateHK #CCPVirus #BoycottChina 
How to end the virus real quick 
I inject my body with alcohol almost daily, and I haven’t gotten the virus yet...
Yeah you can put disinfectant in your body,and the virus will leave along with your spirit 
1/ THREAD: Trump refuses to use the term, 'Pandemic' but insists on calling it 'The Plague'. #COVID19 is caused by a virus, 'The Plague' is caused by the bacterium, Yersinia pestis. Trump is deliberately misinforming the country to frighten and confuse them.
It’s currently 1:12am and no pick has been made, currently had more adverts than picks so far. 11 ads 0 Picks 1 National anthem 12 mentions of corona virus #NFLDraft
I love America. I love freedom. And that is why I'm going to reject the oppression and tyranny of my governor, leave my home, go to a crowded Buffalo Wild Wings, and inject Clorox into my eyeballs while my friend Doug shines a flashlight into my butthole to kill the virus.  …
You laugh, but we are not that far from the president suggesting that you eat Tide Pods to "clean out" the virus. The millennials may have been on to something after all.
(2) NBACC found that #COVID19 virus does not survive well in saliva as temperature/humidity increases. The virus inactivates quickest in the presence of direct sunlight + appears to survive best in indoor/dry conditions.
Considering the trade issues and timing of this virus outbreak Plus the  Durham report its highly likely this was a hit job by the swamp and China
Pelosi’s Press Releases Reveal Silence, Inaction as Virus Took Off 
“The virus dies inside in 90 minutes, and in the sun it dies in 90 seconds.” New information showcases heat and sunlight are detrimental to COVID-19. 
Apparently no one is aware that The ChineseWuhan Virus has seemingly cured all the other major causes of death: heart failures, stroke, pneumonia, flu, cancer. All thos death rates have plummeted since tracking these deaths. #OpenKY
Trump downplayed the virus then called for rebellion then told people to drink bleach, maybe it's time to stop taking his press conferences live
If you still falsely believe a flu shot is going to help you, please #LearnTheRisk... "Receiving influenza #vaccination may increase the risk of other respiratory viruses, a phenomenon known as virus interference." Source:  
I know what Trump said about injecting disinfectant is deranged. But I think it is Far more deranged that every day we have news of thousands of our fellow Americans dying from this virus and he never, ever says a single word of empathy or sympathy this tragic loss of life.
#qanon Gee...who knew that warm temps & sunlight would kill the virus? They knew in 1918 when a hospital in Boston moved their sickest patients outside. My Mom had TB as young woman (1927) bedridden 9 mos, hospitalized 18 mos, nurses  in daily & OPEN ALL THE WINDOWS! 
the potatoes are returning we are the virus 
Terrific news! Heat kills coronavirus! Ultraviolent light kills coronavirus! So MY idea is to use MY new Space Force to round up coronavirus patients and send them to the sun for 2 or 3 days! That will KILL the virus! Thank you @FoxNews for already STRONGLY supporting MY idea!
Oh, good. Here’s the video evidence of Trump saying Doctors should check into disinfectants being injected to kill the virus. Going to leave it right here. 
DHS Under Secretary for Science William Bryan on how the #Coronavirus dies fast when exposed to higher temperatures and solar light indicating that we will get some respite from the virus this summer. 
Headline news from the fake media tomorrow! "CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT TRUMP TELLS PEOPLE THAT THE SUN KILLS THE VIRUS" 
We’re hearing great things about bile, the yellow bile, not the black bile. We’re seeing studies where the levels of yellow bile are high, it’s like nothing you’ve ever seen, when  to the virus
I don't have a problem with a leader not understanding that killing a virus outside of the body is  different problem than killing it inside the body. I am horrified however that his staff was apparently too afraid of him to correct his ignorant guessing.
the block buster video turned its lights back on. nature is healing. we’re the virus. 
Let’s be clear here... y’all need to stay safe and listen to scientists. If UV rays and humidity could kill the virus, why is it thriving in humid places. #singapore #Nola #florida
The virus does bad in sunlight, good indoors. Wow! Share this video before media hides it. 
1 in every 5 New York City residents tested positive for antibodies to the coronavirus, according to preliminary test results described by Gov. Cuomo on Thursday, suggesting the virus had spread far more widely than known 
In the past five weeks, the China Virus has caused: Deaths—1.5/10,000 Americans New cases—2/1,000 Americans Unemployment—8/100 Americans 27 million jobs have been lost due to the China Virus This has gone on long enough. It's time to re-open America. RT if you agree!
11,000 workers at Karakól Industrial Park in #Haiti leaving work today & everyday since #COVID19. Do you see govt's principles 4 stopping spread of virus being respected? They closed public markets of the poor & kept the factories of imperialist businesses & wealthy elite open. 
I mean, if there EVER was a reason to invoke the 25th Amendment, the President of the United States telling Americans to inject disinfectant and raise their hands to the sun to kill a pandemic virus IS IT.
Mr. President, you’ve shared a govt study suggesting heat is detrimental to the virus. My question is, why are you telling Americans that sunlight will make them immortal? Objectively speaking, how does it feel to have blood on your hands, Mr. President?
Nicolle Wallace Sees 'Silver Lining' to Deadly Virus—It's Hurting Trump  … #CoronavirusOutbreak @NicolleDWallace @RonaldKlain #PresidentTrump 
#ThrowbackThursday to me and my "yacht" from last summer. Still waiting for the green light for boating season 2020. In the meantime, no virus is going to stop me from boating! Vroom vroom! 
What if we shrunk a doctor down to the size of an ant and the doctor went inside the body to fight the virus? The invisible enemy wouldn't be so invisible any more  …
”The research echoed similar findings published in the New England Journal of Medicine last month...the theory is that nicotine could adhere to cell receptors, therefore blocking the virus from entering cells and spreading in the body”  …
Now that Trump has touted the potential benefits of sunlight  the Wuhan Virus I expect the lib media to start lobbying for black holes and the destruction of the solar system. It’s only a matter of time.
Trump whacks The Washington Post's Philip Rucker for accusing him of spreading rumors about light and heat killing the virus: "I'll say very nicely, I know you well. (I know the guy, I see what he writes. He's a total faker.) Are you ready? It's just a suggestion." 
I live in South Florida. Its 90 degrees every day. Covid is here. Heat doesnt kill the virus . Gawd.. the stupid  out of this guys piehole. #TrumpPressBriefing
Sunlight kills the virus? Yeah, at "176 degrees!" So Trump says it's ok to go outside...if you're on fucking Neptune. He's lying, and people will die because of it.  …
Birx disagrees on sunlight as a treatment for the virus: “not as a treatment.” Again top government doctor disagrees with Trump’s scientific ideas at briefing.
The sort of UV radiation required inside and out of the body to kill a virus would effectively do what atomic radiation does to a human body. Kill all of the epithelia on your skin, in your lungs, and through your gut. It would be a horrifying death.  …
If corona virus was a person 
Acting Homeland Security Under Secretary for Science & Technology William Bryan: "Our most striking observation to date is the powerful effect that solar light appears to have on killing the virus, both surfaces and in the air." Full video here:  
Sunlight and fresh air kill the virus off faster than darkness and indoor environments The scientists have confirmed what all of us already knew Maybe open the parks and public spaces up, politicians
Legislator: Declare Virus Cover-Up ‘Act of Terrorism’ to Free Up $1TRN in Business Insurance Relief  …
Well, well, well. The media just can’t help themselves with the #COVID19 inflations. Make no mistake, the lying media is the real virus. 
I don’t understand this heat/sunlight/UV ray “finding.” The virus raged in New Orleans and Miami when it was hot. Hell, we had to close the beaches to keep people off of them.
Sounds like coronavirus won't like AZ summers. BREAKING: DHS Under Sec William Bryan says new research shows sunlight/UV very effective in killing Coronavirus. Sunlight, heat and humidity not friends of the virus.
Homeland Security official Bill Bryan says they began testing the coronavirus since February. He is reporting findings on the life of the virus when exposed to sun, heat and humidity which shortens its life and danger.
Trump says he asked DHS science officials, upon hearing light can kill the virus, if the light can be used to "hit the body" or even used "inside the body, which you can do either through the skin or in some other way." He says they'll test it. 
#TrumpPressConference Maybe it's just me, but is testing the virus susceptibility to destructive environmental factors in a Home Depot bucket part of the scientific process? 
2020 Calgary Stampede cancelled for first time in over 100 years! This pandemic, this virus, this response, is something that is impacting every single one of us in the world,” “that which makes us special,  spirit is being sorely tested.” #Calgary 
#NEW: Homeland Security Undersecretary for Science and Technology Bill Bryan on COVID-19: *Bleach kills coronavirus in 5 minutes *Alcohol is more effective, kills virus in 30 seconds (Thread)
I remember when they used ultraviolet light to kill those creatures that got into Spock. Good idea trump. That should kill the virus. 
“The virus dies inside in 90 minutes...in the sun it dies in 90 seconds.” Therefore, heat and sunlight weakens and kills the virus. 
DHS briefs on new tests showing "half-life" of Coronavirus droplets. Half-life means every 18 hours the live of the virus is cut in half and impact of temp, humidity and sunshine.. 
Bill Byrant of @DHSgov says they are studying #COVID19 in a biological threat setting. Says increased temperature, humidity and sunlight are determinal to #COVID19. Virus dies at higher rate with exposure to heat, humidity and direct sunlight. 
Trump officials are currently explaining how sun light KILLS the virus. Get people outdoors! Encourage Americans to safely use parks, beaches, and more! 
China’s coverup: @MikePillsbury says Communist China is leading a global disinformation campaign because they’re worried they’ll be held accountable for the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
William Bryan, Under Secretary for Science and Technology at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, is explaining how increased temperature, humidity and sunlight are detrimental to COVID-19. The virus dies and decays faster in higher temperatures.
Half-life of SARS-CoV-2 in saliva droplets: Virus does not last long in high temperature, humidity & sunlight. 
So, we're on the "how sunlight will kill the virus" portion of the briefing. I'm not kidding. Bill Bryan of DHS is explaining the half-life of the virus.
Now Donald Trump is claiming that coronavirus is magically killed by sunlight. No dummy, it's a virus. It's not a fucking vampire.
Dear resisters, What helped my family partly through the virus, was getting a saturation/oximeter. With also a thermometer you can then measure your own oxygen, heartbeat and temperature. This helped us to stress less & inform our doctor better. Hope it helps you too! 
The Simpsons: A prediction ???? #hoaxvirus #fakevirus #FakePandemic #scamdemic #PlannedDemic #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #virus #hoax #CoronaBollocks #Event201 #Globalists #LockdownSA #lockdownuk #lockdownextension #vaccine #TheSimpsons 
Here We go Again: @Jim_Jordan says a newly created  to oversee the federal response to the Wuhan virus is just another attempt by the Radical Dems to attack @POTUS. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
The scientific group guiding Britain’s virus response is a virtual black box: Its members are secret, its meetings closed, its advice private. 
According to IPC Sec 269 and Sec 270 AP Government should take action against Srikalahasti YSRCP MLA Biyyapu Madhusudhan Reddy who was the main reason for spreading dangerous corona virus infection to 11AP government officials unlawfully by his negligence. #APInUnsafeHands
Trump says "you won't even believe" how the virus reacts to sunlight. He says someone  up and talk about this.
Still can’t believe my poor ma is accounted for in today’s covid death figures. Day 13 it took her down. This virus is so vicious. She was a warrior until the v end. I had her last kiss & her last smile & I sang to her as she took her last breath. #thebestma #bestfriend 
Hey @IngrahamAngle go to hell. @ChrisCuomo has a family, and unfortunately his son got the virus. Your rude and  just show how evil and rude of a person you really are.  …
CORONA VIRUS 11 new Covid-19 cases have been confirmed by @MinofHealthUG. They include 6 Tanzanian and 5 Kenyan truck drivers. Uganda's total cases are now 74, with 46 recoveries and Zero deaths. #nkumbatimes #StaySafe 
"So they tested everyone: 95% of the residents had the virus, 75% of staff had it too, Amparo said."  …
Recap on today’s @scotgov paper. Lockdown remains essential for now. When we are able to ease, the utmost care & caution will be needed & some restrictions will be in place for a while  We must seek a ‘new normal’ that allows us to contain the virus and minimise its harms  …
It wouldn’t matter what Trumps response was! It would have resulted in a “committee” to investigate! The liberal democrats are a disease waaay worse than any wuhan virus!!
Fuck this virus shit 
Fuck the Corona Vírus,fuck the world! 
Trumps daily briefings are profoundly dishonest, delusional, confusing and erratic. The virus will not disappear anytime soon and the worst will not be behind us by June and it won’t disappear in the fall. Trumps handling of this crisis has been deadly. His ineptitude (1)
Same problem arises in the testy debate over how to cover Trump's (very trollish) virus briefings. When he says passengers on trains and flights in the US are being tested when they depart and when they arrive, BUT ITS A LIE, should that be amplified?  … 14/
They're rolling these out while everyone is hiding and worried about corona virus. Wake up people. Id2020  they're gonna be able to track us with that and these towers once they micro chip us. #5GCoronavirus #5GKILLS #5G #cancertowers #duringquaratine #Stop5G 
As we all know Ramadan is here and the Corona virus spread the whole world but the KING don’t stop to celebrate his birthday wish to the handsome guy Happy birthday because u should fellas Thank you . 
He could have had more years if not for the virus. Was his life not important because of his age? At what age does life stop  important?
Another exclusive story about the role of  in the the government’s coronavirus response. This time: Deloitte and Covid-19 testing failures. Brilliant reporting by ⁦  …
#HappyAprilMovieChallenge Favorite virus movie. Quarantine (2008). 
Message to media: @ABC @NBC @CBS @MSNBC @CNN STOP airing trump. JUST STOP. What the hell is wrong with you? trump is a liar and pushing dangerous propaganda...like the virus is under control and people should go back to work... JUST STOP! .... RT PLEASE!
Have I got this right? - From day 1 ALL scientists agreed that wearing a #FaceMask if you have #COVID19 will prevent you passing the virus on to others. - SO If everyone had worn a #FaceMask from day 1 - far fewer people would have  infected or died.  …
“Maybe WE’RE the virus” 
Pelosi wipes her dripping nose with her hand and then on the House Podium but wants you to stay in lockdown so you dont spread the Virus.... 
We’re still learning about how #COVID19 affects animals, but it appears that people can spread the virus to animals in some situations. Until we know more, limit contact with pets if you are sick or feeling sick. For more info, see:  
no virus shall prosper 
Women explode in the video: Hunger virus is deadly than Coronavirus, the diseases is not for us. …na for Abuja and China. 
A new game mode  soon to Virus Popper. Wonder what we have in store!? 
#maskchallenge Allow people to do whatever challenge or games they want to do. If it's childish to you, use your seriousness and maturity to find a cure for Corona virus. 
A family gathering to perform the first Tarawih prayer at home after the mosques are closed due to the precautionary measures to confront the new Corona virus. ©Sayed HaSsan 
. @SecPompeo: The Chinese Government hasn’t permitted American scientists to go into #China, to go into not only the Wuhan lab but wherever it needs to go to learn about this virus. There’s an ongoing pandemic. We still don’t have the transparency and openness we need in China. 
Wow. Birds are reclaiming their normal nesting locations in rental car lots nationwide. Nature is healing - we are the virus. 
Wiping Snotty Nose, Touching Everything?? #NastyNancy #PettyPelosi just violated the hell out of basic Wuhan China Corona Virus COVID19 safety protocol [video]  … via @twitchyteam
CORONA VIRUS is DANGEROUS. But so is COLONIAL VIRUS. The difference is, CORONA VIRUS attacks Adults BODY. While COLONIAL VIRUS can attack the MIND of ANYBODY. They are called CHRIST PSYCHOSIS VIRUS and COLONIAL misEDUCATION VIRUS. AFIKANS, Please BEWARE of BOTH COLONIAL VIRUSES. 
Boots have finally returned to the ocean. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
First you spread the virus. Lie about it to the whole world. Take lives. Then you save lives. 
GRAPHIC: Five level alert system | CORONAVIRUS MONITOR #Ramaphosa #PresidentialAddress 
This was Central Park this afternoon. Dinosaurs! In the middle of Manhattan! Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
#Ramaphosa virus can't see me 
We are the virus :/ 
If I can’t see the virus, the virus can’t see me simple!!! Dankie the Mask #Ramaphosa 
#Ramadan Mubarak to all my Muslim sisters and brothers. In this holy month of reflection, selflessness and solidarity, let’s support  even if they are physically farther away. Let’s protect each other from #COVID19—We will conquer the virus together IsA 
Bill Gates has been secretly importing Weaponized bats to the US. Stock up on virus free toilet roll before it’s too late. 
When you hate people more than the virus 
This nigga might as well eat the virus cuz this mask ain't protecting shit 
“Scientists say if you cant see the virus, it cant hurt you” 
The weekly #ClapForCarers and #NHSHeroes is a brilliant demonstration of how the UK unites in moments of crisis.  together we will beat this virus. 
if you can't see the virus it doesn't exist 
His nose is against da mask 
Illustration about Trump's response to the virus 
nature is returning. humans ARE the virus 
#CyrilRamaBillion after 2 weeks from the 1st of may,they will close this country again.. mark my words..the virus will spread like a wild fire 
Does this mean we also can't express concern about #5G being essential to biometric tracking & surveillance? It is a required technology for the control to  …
Doctors say "COVID toes" could be a way to track the coronavirus in otherwise asymptomatic 
GREAT news — @BrookeBCNN is virus free!  …
Does she not get it..... she is the virus
36 years ago today the human immunodeficiency virus, or #HIV was identified as the cause of AIDS. The BC-CfE recognizes this anniversary and honours the lives lost and the significant advances made towards seeing an AIDS-free 
This is the very definition of fake news. Kentucky has a smaller population & a higher death rate than Tennessee does. Playing politics with this virus is insanely dumb, but data shows the Republican governor in Tennessee has done better than the Democratic governor in Kentucky. 
The Constitution of the movement has been prepared,we will announce the Constitution as soon as the virus eradicate and also we will start the membership of the movement Manzoor Ahmed pashteen 
So far I personally know 6 people that have been Killed by this Virus.. Just because YOU may not know anyone.. Don’t be stupid.
*Disclaimer: NOT saying that the Cvirus isn’t “real” - I’m asking if the Dems reactions and responses to it and if they are using this virus to try to get him out
#NBspiritweek Masking the virus. Stay safe everyone 
It's silly from the ministry that seniors must do the exam We are not anti virus #احنا_ولادك_يا_ريس_متضحيش_بينا 
Each life taken by COVID-19 causes shock waves of pain for every Minnesotan whose lives they’ve touched. Yesterday we lost 21 Minnesotans to this virus, each one heartbreaking and deeply felt by the  We must continue to #StayHomeMN.
Chapter 44 “Professor Langdon, 49!” cried Celeste, as they stood face to face in the elevator, ascending the north tower of the Sagrada Familia. “You’re not adhering to social distancing guidelines!” “I’m sorry, I got over-excited,” said Langdon, cursing his two metre penis.
We have suppressed the virus to manageable levels. We've passed the peak infection rate and new infections are falling. The hospitals are not overwhelmed. The curve has been flattened. #ReopenWashington
It’s absolutely mind boggling to me that we  destroyed our economy because of a virus that has killed 0.01% of our population. The numbers are similar to those that die from the flu. AOC is the last person we should take advice from.
They lived in a factory for 28 days to make millions of pounds of raw PPE materials to help fight coronavirus. No one told them they had to do it — all of the workers volunteered, hunkering down at the plant to ensure no one caught the virus outside.  …
Pelosi wipes her dripping nose with her bare, shivering hand and then wipes that hand all over the House floor podium used by all other members of Congress. She wants to spend trillions of your money fighting China virus but can’t practice basic hygiene 
Fred Da Godson reportedly passed away from Corona  RIP 
What will be the impact of #COVID19 on China's stance in Eurasia? Ironically, the virus outbreak may bring China one step closer to #Pax Sinica, a Beijing-centered regional order that covers large swaths of the Eurasian landmass. My take in  …
We’re bringing together top health experts and scientists from across the country to create the COVID-19 Immunity Task Force. To track and understand immunity to the virus, they’ll work on blood testing - at least a million Canadians will be tested over the next two years.
Security forces are highly involved in keeping watch as we fight the spread of corona virus. Let us offer them needed support by following the Government directives pertaining the 7pm - 5am curfew and restricted movement at different roadblocks among others. 
"We got this. Nobody can beat us, especially some little ol' virus." Danny Trejo knows that California has what it takes to keep bending the curve. 
This P3 made a potion to stop the Corona Virus during her play time today! What a thoughtful idea I really hope it works 
Relationship status: even the virus won’t take me out
Can anyone confirm that only girls have been born in #China since the virus outbreak? I don't believe the rumors. Sounds like fake news that someone made up to punish China for their disinformation campaign in this country.
Virus name: SARS-CoV-2 (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome - Corona Virus 2) Disease caused: COVID-19 #Facts
98% recover from the Wuhan virus. We closed our economy and the country for 2% of our population. and Democrats say we don't pay attention to minorities?
These antibody studies, if the results hold true, seem to indicate two things: -The virus is much less deadly than reported -It had already spread widely before the lockdowns And those lead to an inescapable conclusion: -We wrecked the economy for no good reason
Asim's New 
#MitchMcConnell You showed your true self, and the ugliness of your spirit is 
He had COVID symptoms, his music producer was hospitalized for the virus, and he instructed his 'flock' to lie to doctors about the church they go to if they must be hospitalized. Y'all, don't let these false prophets get you killed. Please. 
Chapter 43 The rotor blades of the Pope’s twin-engined CH-47 Chinook helicopter slowed. Langdon leapt onto Barcelona beach like a leopard on a lesbian. “Come on!” he cried to Celeste, 32, tucking his Harris Tweed tie into his Harris Tweed underpants. “We don’t have much time!”
We’re still learning more about what this virus does. Studies report it to attack not just the lungs, but also the brain, the heart, and now the skin. Needless to say, thinking of something that may cause strokes, purple lesions, heart attacks as a “bad flu” is a category error. 
Good COVID-19 news: Monkeys given an old-fashioned, inactivated virus vaccine made by China's Sinovac fended off SARS-CoV-2. It also didn't cause harm. Researchers not connected to work have cautious optimism. Human trials underway.  
Here are some of the drugs being developed to attack COVID-19 and the virus that causes it. 
Isn't Thor's alter-ego literally a doctor? Batman and Ironman have at least $20b between them. Dr. Manhattan could probably just make the virus die in the bodies of patients "Powerful people will perform meaningless gestures toward you, not meaningfully help" is too on the nose  …
CCP Army fight virus #Handle made in China 
So here’s an updated picture of the rocks I have at home. I’m running out of space to display them all so some are going to the den. A lot of them will be going out on the walking trails when the snow (and virus) goes. Do you have any favourites? #rockart 
A beautiful mural has been painted in Melbourne in tribute to healthcare workers. The piece features a frontline medic holding up the earth while kneeling on the corona virus. #WAForward. And it's too beautiful and powerful 
i- i was talking about the corona virus not conan gray  …
Is the virus trolling us? Nicotine appears to inhibit spread of virus. French testing hypothesis. “Our cross-sectional study strongly suggests that those who smoke every day are much less likely to develop a symptomatic or severe infection from  …
Ramadhan Mubarak May the start of this holy month bring end to the deadly virus. Aameen Ya Rabb. 
WATCH: Cuomo criticizes McConnell’s remarks on state virus aid: “NY puts in to that federal pot $116B more than we take out ... KY takes out $148B more than they put in. Sen. McConnell, who's getting bailed out here? It's your state that is living on the money that we generate” 
I’m on the House floor now to make sure we have a recorded vote on this, the 4th corona virus bill. $484 billion needs a recorded vote.
On my way to fight the virus 
Who is true? Who is not? #ALDUBxADNKakayanin Just like the Covid 19 virus we will  all obstacles... 
More people will die during this lockdown due to untreated illnesses, stress, abuse, suicide, etc... then they will ever die from this virus - stupidity is out of control!  …
Ugandan knuckles returns to Uganda. Nature is healing. We are the virus 
New: Researchers clone two human blocking monoclonal antibodies using #SARSCoV2 specific memory B cells isolated from patients with #COVID19 that bind and neutralize activity of virus; demonstrating the basis for antibody drugs as potential therapeutics.  …
"If Covid-19 is the death of restaurants in New York, will we be able to tell which restaurants went belly up because of the virus? Or will they be the same ones that would have failed within 16 months of opening anyway?" 
Wildlife is returning to the beaches. Nature is thriving. We’re the virus. 
Hey everyone how's it going today I hope your staying safe from the virus that's going around 
“Nobody likes to hear this but it is the truth. We are not living through the final phase of this crisis, we are still at its beginning. We will still have to live with this virus for a long time.” - German Chancellor Angela Merkel, leadership through honesty. 
A CRISPR-based diagnostic tool partially developed by #NIH-funded research @USCF allows for rapid detection (within 45 minutes) of the virus that causes #COVID19. The test, awaiting FDA approval, could be easily implemented  
he's a happy virus 
Folks, this isn’t like flipping a switch. We need to continue to protect our healthcare system from being overwhelmed and build up the tools to manage this virus, so we can turn the dial and reopen our economy. #BadgerBounceBack 
Governor Cuomo THANK YOU for Calling out the Virus Mitch McConnell. He's a Plague on our nation. He is a Mean and Vindictive piece of protoplasm. #CuomoPrimeTime #MitchMcConnell 
Proof NYC is inflating the Wuhan Virus deaths 
Drops in pollution have led to flocks of wild Zeros being seen over Hawaii for the first time in 75 years. Nature is healing, we are the virus 
Dem dutty virus anuh respector of persons @Blakkrasta #TimbuktuByRoad #TaxiDriverShow @zylofon1021fm @BAfibi @BORBOR_SLY @kwame_agyei @de_wagina @ClementPlasma @EugenPeprah @The_Evangelist3 @DaavibaW @Teejay63 @T_Focus1 @BlakkLionDeGen @twellium_ghana @DJ_KRACHA
. @senatemajldr you are absolute trash. He has decided to politicize the virus by calling it a “blue state bailout” and telling states to declare bankruptcy-so Democrats should die? That’s where the Republican Party is right now?!? Disgusting. You’re all disgusting. #WokeAF
GFY... That is an outright lie. The vast majority of people will never get sick from this virus & stay at home orders show no better  than staying open. You stay home if you are at-risk, care giver or are fearful, but the rest of us have lives to live & families to feed.
2. Test. Constantly. You’re sick of hearing about it, we know. BUT. Our experts agreed that the inability to do widespread testing for the virus is the central reason it has spread so widely in the U.S.
After over a month of decreased human activity, Alex Trebek's mustache is growing back. Nature is healing. We are the virus. 
I had a very productive call with His Excellency President @realDonaldTrump of the United States of America. We discussed the impact of #COVID19 on our two countries. I have passed our condolences to the Government and people of the US on the devastation the virus has wrought. 
1. Build an army of contact tracers *Every* expert we talked to said it’s important to know exactly where the virus is spreading. The only reliable way to do this is via “contact tracers” who can track down the contacts of anyone who tests positive.
The @DCRawalpindi Capt ® Anwar-ul-Haq told ‘The News’ that we wanted to save public from corona virus. 
To everyone who's recovering from #COVID19 from all of us with #ME Over 70% of ME patients  ill post virus So please, Rest - Rest - Rest now Take great care & don't push yourself in any way at all Your full recovery means everything to us
Virus death rates in blue states are nearly twice as high as red states. Why's that?  
Dem Rep Ayanna Pressley says Trump Virus Response "akin to war crimes", you know what she was doing when President Trump was ramping up his response in early March, she was holding rallies in DC. 
Me waiting for the virus to go away... 
Please do the needful our profession is in trouble and if we practise then we and society is in trouble of contracting covid virus .Regards Dr neelam jain MDS mumbai
He said that it is beneficial for every individual that along with normal routine practices, the guidelines given to  Corona virus should be followed in letter and spirit. 
Reviewing activities relating to business on Wednesday in his office , Deputy Commissioner asked officers of district administration to ensure  of Corona virus prevention and help out the business entrepreneurs allowed by the government. 
In these difficult times , NSUI Delhi activists are helping the poor and the needy by distributing essential ration. NSUI  to fight corona virus. 
Danger Terrorist of India #arrestarnabgoswami #Media_Virus 
Interesting review paper from 1972: "Virus-Erythrocyte Interactions". Including a chapter about coronaviruses ->  … Could be relevant for #SARSCoV2 
DON REED =38/65 PANDEMIC =38/65 Elizabeth Warren Sacrifices Her Brother #ByTheNumbers COVID19 =38 CORONA VIRUS =65 
Volunteers of dera sacha sauda have pledged to making city Corona virus free. #ServingTheNation @Gurmeetramrahim Dera Sacha 
If A Tiny Virus Can Do This Much Damage, Imagine What Mustard Seed Size Faith Can Do
"The coronavirus tests do not at all prove presence of a deadly virus in any patient. ...it is perhaps the greatest criminal fraud in medical history." #SHUTDOWNLevel4Biolabs  …
I have not yet contacted corona virus .....but I'm pretty fucking sure #lockdown has given me Tourette's 
I recorded my conversation with @FareedZakaria before the virus ruled our lives and invaded all our conversations, but I’m struck now by how his thoughts about a meaningful life are so apt for our present moment. Clear+Vivid. 
Nigerians this is not the time to bash the president @MBuhari on lockdown. Everything the government is doing is for the betterment of every citizen in the country. For the past 13 days I have not known food and my main concern is to survive this deadly virus. 
The ducks r returning to the pools. We r the virus 
Excellent work. An Eagle Scout from Texas City is producing hundreds of masks for food bank and healthcare workers in  #TexansHelpingTexans 
#Mahabharatmemes #Mahabharata World- Why didn't you take effective action for containment of the spread of Corona virus? China - 
#17thRamadanWithoutAafia Amidst the Corona virus outbreak, there is so much panic, Dr Aafia should be allowed to talk to her family.. what is stopping? What is stopping? 
Fuck the virus 
The CDC  we use “presumed cases” as the measuring standard for #Coronavirus deaths: “Well, he wasn’t tested but he looks like he had the virus.” By the same logic, why don’t we use presumption to determine death itself? “Well, he looks dead!”
This can’t happen in Minnesota, and if we expand vote by mail, it won’t. In Minnesota, we consistently lead the nation in voter turnout – let’s not let COVID-19 change that.  …
I just finished a 2hr meeting with a group of Christians in Asia. Their church has been closed by the government with no opportunity for re-opening. The closing is not virus related, but because they are teaching Christianity. Please pray for them and others like them.
SARS-CoV-2 (novel coronavirus) is the virus and COVID-19 is the disease you get from the virus. The terms are not fully interchangeable. #pedantic
