What’s with non asians constantly treating asians differently bc of the coronavirus? What’s with non asians making fun of and hating asians just bc this virus became a thing? What’s wrong with yall? People are literally dying here, including the non asians who caught the virus.
Everybody downplaying this virus and saying “only the sick and vulnerable will be effected so it’s NBD” is the reason why vulnerable/disabled ppl need to prep NOW. Folks, especially these non-hand-washing ass people will put you at risk without a second thought
Here are the distinguished Brazilian women who led the scientific study that decoded the strain of SARS-CoV-2 that is circulating in Brazil. It is the same study that found mutations in the virus.  …
Unless you have the virus, or your pet is spending a lot of time with Covid-19 patients, no precautions are needed, or helpful 
With this virus thing, the Fed has pretty much promised to drop rates, bringing us even closer to negative rates- something which could put a serious crunch on bank profits. Short the banks? Buy Bitcoin? Interesting times.
 on Jackie Chans Instagram and asked if he could fight the corona virus
We stand with the Chinese and  against racist fearmongering! Fight the virus, not the people! 
The true horrifyingly contagious potentially fatal virus was inside us all along
You can't find a clear explanation for what #Coronavid19 does because they're withholding it. They're withholding it because they have something to hide. Either the virus is not as concerning as they claim or there are other factors at play they don't want you to know about  …
Hi, I’m a pediatrician. You may know me from my greatest hits “no, y’all don’t need an antibiotic,” “it’s likely a virus, antibiotics aren’t needed,” “antibiotics don’t kill viruses,” and my chart topping hit “vaccines don’t cause autism”  …
A person has died from Corona virus in America and the state of Washington has declared a state of emergency.
The medical mask will not help you from getting the virus. Just thought I'd throw that out there. Wash your hands, stay away from sick people. Stay in the house if you're sick yourself. Sanitize your phone and everything you touch.
when the currency collapses after the virus takes over the world and Sarah, the single mom of 3 who lives next door asks me if i want my some head in exchange for a can of ravioli 
Corona virus Europe update. : 1140 : 100 : 79 : 45 : 23 : 18 : 15 : 13 : 6 : 6 : 4 : 3 : 3 : 3 : 3 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1
He’s trying to minimize the impact of the virus. And for him women don’t matter. We need to get him out of there. Trump misidentifies first coronavirus fatality in U.S. as a woman - The Washington Post  …
I know #Coronavirus is spreading outside of China, but total active cases are still falling. Active cases are the only ones that can spread the virus. Today 43,293 vs 44,314 yesterday. The press keeps reporting total cases, and deaths, but not recoveries. 
Cautionary tale: #SARS emerged in 2003 #MERS emerged in 2013 Both are #coronaviruses -- cousins of the #COVID19 virus. Do we have a SARS vaccine? NO Do we have a MERS vaccine? NO
This the mf that’s gonna stop the corona virus 
“Most people with #COVID19 do have mild illness. A smaller proportion have severe illness and that is why we are trying so hard to reduce the spread of this virus in Washington.” - Dr. Kathy Lofy, State Health Officer  …
If we go under quarantine cause if the carona virus shit who  stay wit me and eat takis ?
Imagine: you graduated from Daleville. Years late you’re on the bachelor. He liked you.  to your home town. You take him to Canoe Country. You try to flirt/ act cute by splashing him with water. He gets a virus from the White River. You don’t get the rose.  …
Bet we'll hear, "pray the virus away" soon. Mike Pence...really? The anti science guy? We're doomed.
Italian tourism officials fear a new virus could do more damage to the industry than the Sept. 11 terror attacks as the number of confirmed cases in the country shot up past the 1,000 mark and deaths climbed to 29. 
Hahaahah that's the funniest thing I've heard this year. They're going to try to recruit retired Docs that will know that the mortality rate in People over 60 is above 25% to work with the very virus that could well kill them!  …
By the way: a LOT of people are talking about this virus in The Netherlands as if it is the flu. ('Govt. wants to make money bla bla'). Please, please don't do that. 15-20% of people infected needs to be hospitalized. 15% of people > 80 dies.
So admirable @realDonaldTrump that you will be visiting & hugging Coronavirus virus victims. Don’t be pussy grabbing as well you naughty orange shit gibbon  …
People think this virus is a joke. I’m honestly terrified for what’s 
Scoop by @ClaireH_Scott who tracked down the taxi driver who transported the first corona virus victim in Ireland!  …
They are more scared of the #sportsrorts virus, donor backlash virus and the quiet Australians waking up to their financial  virus so they constantly talk about corona virus
UPDATED: Washington state sees 1st virus death in US, declares emergency  …
ICYMI The new coronavirus may be only the beginning, since another "hoax"—climate change—has uncovered 28 previously undiscovered virus groups in a melting glacier.  …
hmm wonder what policies our government is secretly pushing through while the media distracts us with the corona virus scandal much to think about, don’t text
You are not our President. We have a well-coordinated, fully-funded response that is appropriately addressing this public virus. We ARE concerned about California. When will you clean the feces and needles from your streets? When will you secure the border to ensure our safety?
If we ever needed proof of how mindblowingly dumb society has  sales of the beer Corona have dropped with the news of the Corona Virus outbreak...I wish I made this up for a laugh...but it's actually one hundred percent true.
“No, Donald don’t kiss the flag until Mikey is done. Ooooo I hope my concealer is the same color as Mikey’s hair! That’s a good color. This press conference will make up for my calling this virus thingy a hoax last night. I hope we’re having hamberders for dinner. Mikey’s hair!” 
FIRST CORONAVIRUS DEATH IN STATES: Every news outlet covering this all day. This is freeking every one but do they know how many people die from Influenza every year. Obviously new strain of virus and more riskier for people who have underlying dz such as COPD Asthma etc.
Good lord, we are seeing epidemics just getting started all around the world: Italy, Iran, South Korea, Germany, France etc. If doctors all over the world are thinking about this virus as this doctor does.. As i said, i'm from The Netherlands... 2/?
Dear Democrats and Fake News ... Your disgusting latest - "We've really got Trump this time." BS - blaming him for a virus from China ... WILL NOT WORK! Trump is going to be your President until January 2025 - and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it but cry.
If the virus can get IN, the virus can get OUT. If it isn’t a respirator, it’s useless. Source: my husband, a medical doctor for 30 years, sitting next to me shaking his head at how ill informed we as a nation are about how to avoid a pandemic.
Well Our Trip to Milan just canceled due to the Corona Virus Fiasco.. the Great thing is .. we still get paid as if we Worked.. Aye ! A night out in NYC I guess
Just watched a clip of a resident being taken to hospital loaded into ambulance by responders with totally inadequate PPE. This virus is highly contagious. They had surgical masks and aprons. One had no gloves. The police weren't wearing a masks.
Brand new character  to #Venom this May—plus sneak peek in Free Comic Book Day issue #SymbioteProblems 
the first corona virus death in america just happened um 
Before the media convinces us that we’re all going to die from Corona Virus, could they at least give us time to stop grieving over all the deaths from WWIII that they explained started when we killed Solemani. #coronavirus #exploiteverycrisis
Sadly, (1) American just succumbed to the Virus—However, more People have died from the Flu, of which MSM remains silent...Democrats are just attempting to attack Our President, again out of Desperation
“This is Virus. A new character.” OH F#CK OH F#CK OH F#CK OH F- 
Free Comic Book Day 2020. Virus's first appearance!! #comics #NextBigThing #C2E2 #C2E22020 
Earth is already breathing better while a virus is attacking the lungs of humans. Interesting. I see you, Gaia.  …
Corona virus in Italy is continuing to spread - 1140 infected. - 105 in intensive care. - 29 dead.
You think a pix of all your male yes men is gonna make us feel secure? Let the experts take over. You being in charge is more deadly than the virus.
Virus is a brand new character and will start a new arc issue #26 titled Venom Beyond #comics #NextBigThing #C2E2 #C2E22020 
Exactly as @ScottAdamsSays predicted, this latest Democrat Hoax, #Hoax8, would be spread by artists and writers just like a real virus. This @Milbank tweet is proof of exactly that; another writer falling for another HOAX! #Hoax8 #MAGA
I am old enough to remember when Debbie Birx was appointed to lead the coronavirus coordination effort in the WH----two days ago. Guess it's more important to hear from noted virus experts Mnuchin and Kudlow.
COVID-19 UPDATE Test results  back negative for the PUI for novel coronavirus.  no other persons in NJ who are currently approved and awaiting testing for the virus that causes COVID-19. Have questions ? Call 1-800-222-1222. 
While considerable bad news has been priced in to stocks, w/S&P 500 down 13% in 7 sessions & volatility surging markets have to date been helpless to right themselves amid torrent of virus-related headlines that continued into Sat Powell’s longest weekend  …
Coronavirus is now education story. “Two presumptive positive cases of coronavirus infections at two public schools have led to temporary closures in Oregon & Washington state...as districts nationwide navigate uncharted waters of risk regarding children & virus containment“
They’re more afraid of a theoretical vaccine that hasn’t even been developed yet than they are with the ACTUAL VIRUS. This is probably the perfect embodiment of anti-vaxx stupidity. 
I don't care if you met in the situation room or a Starbucks. Travel restrictions / warnings on places that are known areas to avoid for the virus, is a weak, weak, step. So far, your  seems out of its depth.
He’s spread the germs of 100k in India to 10k in SC then brought them to CPAC. If anything can spread that virus it’s a room of frothy, sweaty spitfire GOP. Yummy.
CDC/2 "The potential public health threat posed by #COVID19 is very high, to the United States and globally. At this time, however, most people in the United States will have little immediate risk of exposure to this virus."  …
This is good news. Just so there's no confusion, this means a vaccine is nearing the start of human tests. Long road ahead. At best 9 months--if this is easy virus to defeat and vax has no serious sidefx.  …
Scientists have isolated the mutant virus that poses the current greatest global risk. They’ve named it FUKG-MRON-45 
The number of verified media accounts pushing this is outrageous. They know he wasn’t saying the virus was a “hoax” but the sweet sweet RTs are just too tempting.  …
You have to skate to where the virus is going, not where it’s been  …
Trump uses psychology to outwit his opponents and detractors. Psychology doesn’t work against a virus and he knows it.
I'm less worried about the corona virus than whatever illness it is turning people's brains into yoghurt  …
Coronavirus: Ireland confirms its first case of virus  …
... Living in Washington State, where someone has died today, and many people were potentially exposed to that person, the virus has quickly gotten up close and personal for me. WHERE THE HELL ARE THE TESTING KITS? Asking for 300 million Americans. ...
Coronavirus: Cancellations, suspensions and shortages related to the global virus outbreak  …
Fight the virus, not the people! Solidarity YES! Anti-chinese racism NO! #COVID19 
#CoronaVirusUpdate After harshly criticizing @VP & falsely claiming he doesn't believe in science, @AOC showed once again that she's a born leader. She gave tips on how help prevent the virus from spreading. Count how many times she touches her face. 
Gona be devastated if the corona virus quarantines me in Dubai with a gang of my best pals. I’ll miss my lovely wife, but I’m best staying where I am
“When i went to the hospital, I walked with a mask instead of using public transportation to prevent the spread of the virus.“  …
This would be a brilliant plot for for a science fiction movie: Nature defends itself against environmental pollution and invents a virus that makes people aware of their environmental crimes - as a last warning. Oh no, it's happening already!  …
There seriously needs to be drug testing done on the politicians. Angus always looks high on cannabis, Dutton looks like he's on mdma, scummo could lay of the prescription meds at least until the virus situation is sorted out and Pauline needs to have her Ritalin reassessed.
Democrats quick to support Catch & Release of illegals to spread more Corona Virus in USA. Thx @ChuckSchumer. RT Appeals Court Approves ‘Catch and Release,’ Allowing Migrants Into U.S.  … via @ConDailyPost
I‘m always way too early. I started to freak out about the virus a month ago. And know, I feel more optimistic than ever that we‘ll be able to handle it. Which probably means, the market keeps falling for another 2 weeks until people
It seems that the democrats and liberals are doing WHATEVER they can to get this virus into the US and blame POTUS for it. All they care about is POWER! They have zero concern for the American public. Bad policy after bad policy. All for POWER!
Taken out of context. He  the Democrats USE of the virus to attack him the next "hoax". He knows the virus is real.
An extraordinary insight into humanity's blindness. Nitrogen dioxide is more lethal to our planet than this virus but it had not brought us to our senses. Maybe now it will!? BBC News - Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
. @SpeakerPelosi, it is very sad that this person died of this virus. But, just in case you are not aware, another precious soul also just died from the flu. Stop playing politics with American lives.
Paid sick leave is a  of stopping the spread of this virus. This is about saving lives and our entire economy.  …
All these people in my town telling me the virus is a dem hoax are awfully busy clearing out the hand sanitizer at Walgreens, Walmart, Dollar General, Publix, and CVS.
Trump was briefed on coronavirus two months ago — yet he’s still unprepared and incapable of protecting Americans as the virus spreads. We need a president who will take the threat of a pandemic seriously. Mike has a proven track record of leading during crises. 
Cancel all festivals, conferences and mass gatherings now in the US. Do it now. This is a national security issue and by putting economics in front you are aiding in the transmission of this virus. Look at Singapore control measures and follow.
The @realDonaldTrump Administration took unprecedented early steps in response to #coronavirus Don't believe the Dems false apocalyptic spin as they try to politicize this virus. Very sick politics! 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Christian 
Virus, what virus? Hong Kong is back to old protests: this time masks are a must. 
Powell Opens Door to Rate Cut on ‘Evolving’ Risks From Virus  … via @YahooFinance
good morning. share love and positivity, as tzuyu said before, i you meet bad people, just ignore them spread LOVE not hate and virus. take care 
Reports  spread of #COVID19 in California, Oregon & Washington raise concern about the immediate threat for COVID-19 for  in the US. However, most people in the U.S. have little immediate risk of exposure to the virus. 
. @TedLieu, your Tweet just proved President Trump was right. You are politicizing the Corona Virus. If you cared about Americans' safety, you'd be working with Trump, because he has the power to mobilize forces with one signature. But, you just want to "hoax" the public, again.
3 more cases of corona virus in Ontario today, all having travel history of Iran ..one of the ladies despite having symptoms, traveled through a GO bus. I think Canada's response is very slow,and they should cancel flights from Iran. But ofcourse they won't cuz they're too "nice"
Faking news/video/documents is the most insidious force yet to challenge humanity. We are all susceptible to believing what we see/hear/read, so please, ALWAYS multiply-verify everything before repeating it yourself. Be the solution, not the virus. 
exactly! I myself have chronic illness and I’m very scared! My husband says I’m over reacting but I’m not! When you have health issues knowing this virus could kill you quick it’s worrisome!
V.P. Mike Pence said that President Donald J Trump has expanded travel restrictions on Iran! He has also upgraded travel advisories to Level 4 urging Americans to not travel to areas in Italy and South Korea most affected by the corona virusAbsolutely 
The BBC reports that in Daegu, South Korea, 1900 Shincheonji Church members have been tested for coronavirus. 1300 had symptoms & 600 did not. Among those 1300 with symptoms, 87.5% were confirmed with the virus . BUT out of the 600 WITHOUT symptoms, 70% were confirmed with
Dear @matteosalvinimi, you said “God forbid” one of the African migrants docked in Sicily turned out to be a virus-carrier. Turned out the virus-carrier that brought #COVD19 to Africa was an Italian. Should we react to all Italians with the same irrational  …
first person that died in the us from the corona virus lives 15 minutes away from me its hut
This COVID 19 popularly known as Corona virus outbreak really got me thinking. A lot of folks have this habit of applying mentholated ointments in their nostrils to clear nasal congestion and all. But hygiene Thread!!!!
The CDC should immediately identify "Liberalism" as a virus much more dangerous then #Coronavid19 Please find a cure for Liberalism, Americans are struggling.... #CoronaVirusUpdate
Protect others! If someone in your house is sick, stay home to avoid unknowingly spreading the virus to others. More information about the COVID-19 and the outbreak:  
So, when is the corona virus vaccine that gives you polio and makes your dick fall off 5 years down the road releasing to the public? That’s gonna be a huge drop for them.
#COVID2019 Under @realDonaldTrump Formed Task Force Appointed V.P Pence Requested $2.5B In Funding Imposed Travel Ban @SenSchumer called TRUMP racist when he restricted travel from affected areas, were that decision delayed, thg he virus w/d be more widespread 
Start by securing our Borders... Virus Hosts like these pour across our backyards every night. 
My husband was working in China in December and heard about a “strange” virus there. China is to blame for not acknowledging and acting on what was going on, and the US response is going to be too little, too late.  …
 @FFDP This (IS) #Q UESTION (EVERYTHING) ... As I Said Before, The Pope Means ABSALUTLY (NOTHING) To Me. He Is One Of [Them] .. [They] Could Say He Has EVERY Virus On The Face Of This Earth, My Response Stays The Same. GOOD. #Justice. *+*  
Dear media, you win. My anxiety about coronavirus has increased to agoraphobia. Stop constantly posting new cases of the virus. thanks - your friend. MrHumanity - retweet  for love $$$
It’s only fitting that the closest I’ve  to going viral on twitter was about a virus.
Unless you have the virus, or your pet is spending a lot of time with Covid-19 patients, no precautions are needed, or helpful 
Important point: If Bernie were President, his Medicare for All bill would give everyone who has, or feared they have the corona virus, the ability to get medical help immediately, without fear or concern of deductibles, copays, or premiums. M4A is a Public Health Service.
"this whole virus is a mystery" it's only a mystery to people who don't read you absolute moron  …
If you think the crazy on social media is bad, re Covid-19, just read the response to HIV virus in early 80s. The finding of antiretrovirals & modern epidemic responses are due to the lessons  …
It’s Saturday night. Right now a bunch of newspaper editors are debating what to lead with tomorrow: 1 Home Office in meltdown 2 Nazanin Z-R contracting Corona virus 3 Man responsible for both of the above is having his 5th or 6th baby Which you reckon?
VIRUS TESTING: Labs in Miami, Tampa and Jacksonville can now conduct their own coronavirus tests, speeding up the process to get results to 24-48 hours instead of 3-5 days.
But #coronavirus is more likely to kill older people, so gov are expecting the retired doctors to sign themselves up to be surrounded by a virus which can kill them?
Dealing with this virus outbreak the only way i can: ignoring it
Anyone who believes a word from Trump on this virus is failing the Darwin test. I don't wish the virus on anyone, but people dumb enough to believe the man who lies about literally everything are certainly more likely to get it. Come on America ... wake the hell up!  …
If I was there when the corona virus started, I would have stopped it.
President Trump explains that the Dems and press are using the China virus as another hoax to attack him......the press either didn't understand him or intentionally twisted his meaning.....Trump calls them out on their stupidity....the press calls Trump a liar. Make it stop
Unfortunately we have trump. #HoaxPresident Denying the virus as #hoax #HoaxPresident Not working to prepare #HoaxPresident Cut deeply any agency or persons that could help #HoaxPresident Won't allow health officials to keep Americans up to date #HoaxPresident Danger! Danger!
...MEDIA VIRUS FREAKOUT! -- The media is so deranged by their hatred for Trump, they are willing to incite panic and hurt every person in the country - The only virus Americans need to be worried about is Trump Derangement Syndrome and those who exhibit Orange Man Bad Disease. 
Regime TV shows doctors testing  from Lebanon for corona-virus. The woman's body temperature is 34.8 You are dead.  to Syria! 
MoJoh: This miracle virus is keeping me one step ahead of being held accountable for burning the country down, the Sports Rorts & rigging the miracle win. How good is the corona virus?
guess who not getting the corona virus 
System Shock / I've been working a bit on classes. Agents of SHODAN are programs deployed to infiltrate and sometimes incite controlled rebellions in the population of Immunites - humans immune to the virus. SHODAN likes to keep stock humans around as playthings and workers. 
Many people are asking why do I need to shut the Mexican border to stop the Corona Virus. 38% of Americans think it’s a good idea, that’s why! #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Essentials: Yo this is my mini mask. Everyone can clown me but, I don’t have time out here to be playing games with ANY virus. I’ve gone heavy on the Black Seed Oil and clean foods. 
More idiotic fake news from the phony “journalist” crowd. He MEANS the demoncrats are USING the virus to score political hits against him. Stand down idiots.  …
AND ableds are finding COMFORT in the fact the virus is esp dangerous to the elderly and  That IS fucked up and inhumane. Yall should never  in that you aren’t as at risk as other fuckin ppl. 
They cant even get the virus name correct ...“..Caronavirus..”
See ehh, one drop of Corona Virus for Pent right now then the whole Ghana go get am by 3:35pm morrow
Theres a ship load of mainland Chinese taking refuge in Australia right now as the corona virus takes hold The sight of CLUELESS ridiculously dressed non English speaking Chinese nouveau rich looking at aussies in amazement that we could be so stupid to let them in is humiliating
Will we ever find out which global power started and powered the hysteria that threatens our economy. It's a virus, people - the flu is more of a health issue every year yet no hysteria #Coronavirus patient 'not the scary thing that everyone thinks it  …
Seattleites prepare for the corona virus apocalypse by stocking up on chia seeds. 
Americans not buying corona (the beer) because they fear they will get the corona virus is one of the dumbest things I’ve heard all 2020
Is the corona virus in Ghana yet or I should bring it ?
I can beat my chest and say it loud and clear that there is no CORONA VIRUS in Nigeria. There is no CORONA VIRUS in Nigeria. If you don't believe it that's your problem.
Its really important to watch it for everyone. How you avoid yourself from #COVID2019 and how this virus enter in your body. #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronaviruspakistan #coronavirusinlagos #Coronavid19 
What are the chances that the Pope would contract the corona virus? Lol... the intelligence operation to get rid of the deep state continues...  …
Republicans really do think prayers will stop a virus. We’re all so screwed. 
The #coronavirus might change the world in irreversible ways One bad news might be that we lose much elders and wisdom Kids, however, seem safer and may grow up immune, perhaps making virus more harmless Air travel may  much more rare and expensive like it used to be
Bangladesh : We export textiles Pakistan : We export rice, cotton and textiles etc Brazil : we export soybean and iron ore Iran : We export Corona Virus  …
Oh crap!! "Two people at a LifeCare nursing facility in Kirkland, Washington, were diagnosed with the virus." "In addition, more than 50 residents and staff at the facility have shown symptoms of a respiratory illness."  …
Surely my mum isn’t the only one who’s gone crazy about the corona virus
Some sad news. The first reported death in the US due to the coronavirus was reported in Washington State. The patient was a lady in her late 50’s & a high medical risk. President Trump gave a coronavirus briefing this morning & promised many more until the virus is licked 
So, let me get this straight;  @BernieSanders supporters to Brown Shirts, @HardballChris likens Bernie election victories to the Nazi invasion of France, and  him to a virus. You should all be ashamed of yourselves.  …
if the virus is going to kill us all, you might as well say YOLO and order a Tesla
Jun Ji Hyun shamed for not donating to virus prevention efforts, then shamed again after donating - By: Seiyeon Lee -  
If y'all don't like my tweets on the Corona virus. You are  to scroll on or unfollow me. Some of us are interested. Period. The end.
“I never imagined that this would hit our home.” In China's war with the coronavirus, Zuoling, a suburb of Wuhan, offers a somber lesson in how the country's vast effort to contain the virus left  acutely vulnerable 
As the number of novel coronavirus cases in the U.S. rises and the first U.S. death from the virus is confirmed, HHS @SecAzar joins @GStephanopoulos on “This Week” Sunday to discuss the Trump administration’s response  
"The data so far suggest that the virus has a case fatality risk around 1%; this rate would make it many times more severe than typical seasonal influenza, putting it somewhere between the 1957 influenza pandemic (0.6%) & the 1918 influenza pandemic (2%)"  …
The Canadian genome was sequenced by @CDCofBC using @NetworkArtic protocol. It was collected from BC on Feb 16 and is the first sequenced travel export from Iran. This groups most closely with a Shandong virus, but it is still consistent with WuhanIranBC transmission. 2/4 
Dutton woefully unprepared on questions of corona virus country travel bans, rationale on the run #insiders
me and my friends noticed that when eb*la was going around, people thought every black person had it and now since the c*ronavirus is going around, people think every asian has it. Stop pinning a diseases/illnesses/virus on a certain race. pls educate me if i’m wrong.
Here's The Truth About The Coronavirus, From A Medical Doctor (Opinion)  … The current epidemic is TDS Virus!. It's caused buy Trump successf for America and roaring economy! Cure is a shot  sense!.
I see Jake speaks fluent population control, let me translate: tens of millions will need hospitalization by the end of this, millions will die from the virus, and our healthcare system will be too overburdened to treat many other non-corona patients. See how he hid that?  …
Trump winning the next election still gives me more panic than the corona virus.
Gotta use the new ginger ale BOLD, could probably cure the virus and more
The Japanese government bungled the quarantining of the Diamond Princess. Now, is it doing the same with the spread of the virus across the rest of Japan? Why is it not testing more people?  …
I swear Mexico barely got their first case a matter of days ago and now they got a whole ass cumbia for corona virus 
I am a patriot who is at risk, if I were to catch the CV. I know many other patriots in the same boat. WE HAVE AN INTEREST. Ive been accused of spreading propaganda by tweeting news stories about the Corona Virus. My response  …
Standing in solidarity with our Chinese  & against racism & xenophobia. Coronavirus is a serious public health threat. It’s not an invitation to racial stereotyping. Fight the virus, not the people. 
Canada has closed its border with the US, after the odd leader of their large neighbour claimed a virus that has already killed 3,000 people is a hoax, and put a guy who thinks the world was created 6,000 years ago in charge of the non-response. 
My local grocery store in Florida is sold out of every kind of soap and hand sanitizer already. There are no cases of the virus here. If you intend to prep, don’t wait.
I think #COVID19 poses an urgent question of how we protect the most vulnerable - those who can’t buy up and bunker down, those who can’t work from home, who have no home or no work, who are forced to use public transport, who are struggling regardless of the virus #insiders
Summer bushfire inaction is contrasted with independent role of the chief medical officer and sounding the virus alarm that assisted the Government in responding quickly #Insiders Sounds like we need more independent alarm-sounding on climate change like in Zali's bill #auspol
What a dangerous time to have the single most clueless , stupidest , I'll informed fake leader ! If Congress had out INTRESTS at heart , they'd have him removed , they don't ! Hey @GOP u can spend grifted money if this virus kills you  …
In theory, A big virus that wipes out a big chunk of the population is probably the best thing that could happen to the environment.
Their  can only grow, like the virus.  …
In Olympia, Washington lawmakers are budgeting new funds to respond to the coronavirus. The proposed state supplemental budget passed Thursday includes $10 million, the bulk of which would go to local health districts to aid virus response. More updates: 
How would you carefully word your tweet... would you say "I think my package has corona virus cuz it's from Asia" type of shit????  …
Meanwhile, after calling the virus outbreak a hoax and a plot against him, Trump summons reporters to the White House to announce the first death - in Washington state - from the virus. "She was a wonderful woman,” he said. The victim was a man.
Unbelievably irresponsible and 100% a LIE. He said the Democrats reactions to his Coronavirus measures were a hoax, the the virus itself. STOP LYING TO YOUR NAIVE AND GULLIBLE FOLLOWERS. They obviously aren't smart enough to discern fact from fiction.
Q post #1806 is refers to this article  … There is a VIRUS in Trumpland... 
If Nanshy & Schiffty really cared about the spread of disease...wouldn’t they have cleaned up the homelessness, the feces, needles, the typhoid, the leprosy, hepatitis & Black Plague in the California streets? Now, suddenly they care about a cold virus?
HRC would’ve won 2020 & In the next 4 years the implementation of a global Gov w the US as a puppet state Our borders would have been flooded & economy would’ve been crashing Virus scare + hit teams would pick up unarmed opposition Nothing would stop them This was the END game  …
The @CDCgov has confirmed the first possible case of "community spread" #COVID19 in the U.S., meaning the patient didn't travel anywhere known to have the virus and wasn't exposed to anyone known to be infected.  
Friend of mine that works as an ER Nurse near where I live in Charlotte says there’s at least one case at her hospital where they have been unable to rule out carona virus. Obviously not suggesting panic but it’s just dumb to dismiss it. Especially if you have kids.
Stop politicizing this virus and pass the spending bill. You are holding the spending bill over your political agendas. You should be ashamed of yourself!
SOME WOMAN IS PREGNANT Corona Virus! Wales flooded. North flooded! Scotland leaving the UK! The country taken over by a bunch of psychopaths! The four horsemen of the apocalypse are swiftly approaching! Yet multiple column inches will now be devoted to this !! FFS ...!!?!  …
The #coronavirus Trump said would  to the US has killed one American and is sickening others. The virus Trump called a HOAX is now on our shores. And Trump’s inept team of sycophants have no idea what to do but deny, deny, deny.
Notice "Human Coronavirus" on the label of this Clorox product at our home. The Coronavirus has been a known virus for some time. Normal alerts about the risks, precautions, etc now would be appropriate; however, the hype being displayed by the media is over the top. 
19...and you can get sick. Also - evidence is developing that the virus sheds in urine *even after someone seems to have recovered.* That means public restrooms can be dangerous, so you MUST wash your hands after using one and use a paper towel in pulling on the door handle....
I'm not saying there's no Coronavirus. What I'm saying is the Democrats, media, Tech Giants & Wall Street are exploiting this disease to take down Trump. They're using fear & propaganda. While the virus is bad, we have weathered through much worse.  sense & caution.
Two things I think are true; 1. The market didn't take the virus seriously enough and its initial response to go HIGHER on China stimulus was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. 2. This is all temporary, so stop calling for a total $SPX meltdown. Not gonna happen.
Almost all new cases in the EU trace back to Itsly yet it is very surprising that the European Union  up with a viable plan to stop the rapid spread of the virus to literally many countries in the region. What the EU used to take pride in can now  its...  …
Me to ~60 yr old grocery store register woman just now: are people stocking up on food? Her: why? Me: because of the virus Her: that’s just a hoax Me: someone in US died today Her: people die every day
Corona virus better act the same way the government does and avoid Connaught
Corona virus ?? En Mexico ?? Fuck that we war ready 
The corona virus is testing political leaders and here is a lie the prime minister told about Australian preparedness, verbatim. Speers links the virus straight to Home Affairs Minister Dutton, because everything - like hospital capability “surge” - must be securitised #Insiders
Mike Pence creating a strategy  the coronavirus virus 
Lmao just heard that any student  back tomorrow will be taken for test because of Corona virus and that also means that if you've taken any kind of drugs they'll be able to detect it
At least I know  won't get #COVID19 I have Norton Anti-Virus.
Yes. Really. The virus is not airborn. Wash. Your. Hands. Also, don’t touch your face. If YOU are coughing, wear a mask to protect others.  …
No, he’s calling the media treatment a hoax. If you recall, he closed the border for all flights from China in January and took hell for being a racist. You think he’d have done that if he thought the virus was a hoax? No, he’s calling out media reaction. Can’t have it both ways.  …
Corona virus quarantine clinic in Iran torched, to prevent spread. A wrong move by dumbasses. Praying houses spread it the most. At least close the mosques for a few months. People with beards are more prone to the virus. They should all get shaved as a precaution.
Everyone is focused on the #coronavirus, however, there is a more dangerous virus facing America, responsible for millions of deaths and continues to spread. #2A  …
Every one of these was supposed to kill us. We're still here. Are you still believing the media? 1999/2000 Y2K 2001 Anthrax 2002 West Nile Virus 2003 SARS 2004 Bird Flu 2005 E. Coli 2009 Swine Flu 2010 BP Oil 2014 Ebola 2015 Disney Measles 2016 Zika 2020 Coronavirus
For the love of god people STOP BUYING MASKS, TELL OTHER PEOPLE TO STOP BUYING MASKS, YOU’RE STEALING THEM FROM THE PEOPLE WHO NEED THEM AND THEY WON’T EVEN PROTECT YOU FROM THE VIRUS  …
Here's your virus update: - Washington State is dealing with a possible outbreak at a health-care facility. - The first death in the U.S. was confirmed as a man in his 50s. - Investors are casting a wary eye at Monday's market open.  …
Lots of ifs here kathy. True, properly fitted N-95 masks are 95% (hence the name) efficient at filtering particles greater than 0.3 microns. The corona virus is 0.125 - 0.2 microns across. This is on the CDC website.
To every patriot, republican and conservative . Have faith , this is sent to try our faith in the future. This virus is showing the world how wrong globalisation is and how badly wrong it can be . The stock market will rise again and your president is working for you
1st #CoronavirusOutbreak Death has taken place in The USA just now! Stock Market is crashing down Due to Corona virus flights r not operating Fully all over the world Oil prices r reducing I guess All those Ppl who r holding $$Should Sell Asap!
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: The first known coronavirus-related death in the U.S. was reported in WA.  —Male in his 50s died of the virus. —At least 69 Americans have COVID-19—22 diagnosed within the U.S., the CDC said. —Public risk remains low, officials said.
Almost all the countries that have the Corona virus incidence were so because an italian travelled to the place. What in the Picasso is going on?
Jesus, it’s in a rest home! The man who died was from there. Other pt was a care provider. Many more there are sick ⁦ @thespybrief⁩ “2 cases of COVID-19 virus connected to a long-term care facility in the same suburb, LifeCare Center of Kirkland”  …
One broadsheet page, so many great stories in must-read Sunday @telegraph: PM’s wedding and baby, retired NHS doctors to be drafted in to fight virus, Britain to defy EU demands that we promise to stay in European Convention on Human Rights, and civil servants furious at Sedwill 
Our hearts go out to his family. Thank you, @potus for keeping US Strong and healthy, our economy stable, enforcing our borders! Now the question, how did these two WA individuals contract the virus!  …
car owner virus
ALERT: Here in Australian a judge has JUST ruled #Bitcoin to be a legitimate investment vehicle and equivalent as financial collateral. HUGE! Means #bitcoin is like legal Fiat! WOW! These legal wins prove more and more #Crypto is growing! The Virus is SPREADING!
-- Corona Virus : Lagos pharmacy accused of selling a bottle of hand sanitizer for almost N20k . 
It sucks but we need to fight back against it with the same attitude we use against Trump. Prepare and have a positive mental attitude. We won’t surrender to this virus anymore than we would surrender to a despotic regime.  whether we like it or not.
At a time when globalalised, anonymised supply chains are being blown apart by corona virus how can any government think about taking food security for granted.  …
MY SON'S HIGH SCHOOL JUST SENT OVER MORE INFORMATION THAN I GOT FROM YOUR ENTIRE TEAM OF NON-EXPERTS Anyone wanting to know about the virus, here are the facts: 
For the record, I'm much more scared of this administration's response to the virus than the virus itself. If we learned anything from the horrors of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico, its that Trump has weaponized planning ahead and meeting the needs  at risk.
If the Democrats are truly concerned about the virus, why don't they pledge to suspend all the which hunts they have in the pipeline for @realDonaldTrump and let him do his damn job?
Influenza kills more people every year no one cares about that fact. Why? Coronavirus hysteria by the Fake Media who hopes it hurts the PRESIDENT. They don't give a damn about the virus. It's about trying to tank the market and the economy by fear mongering.  …
It’s Saturday. If you’re looking for a film, here’s one The COVID-19 facts haven’t quite jelled but this is what I’ve heard & read from reliable sources: 40%-70% infection rate. Approximately 2% mortality. Virus survival on surfaces up to 10 days. Possibly airborne Do the math  …
After the virus, do we all just go back to yelling at each other on Twitter?
As a gay man who came of age during the AIDS era of the 1980s, I’m intensely curious for you, a Republican Senator, to tell me more about how virus outbreaks were once handled apolitically.  …
Ted Lieu, winning friends and influencing people. Hey Ted, get a 4th grader to explain what he meant to you. The virus is real, your portrayal of end times is the hoax. Dumbfuck.  …
I think Trump is the only president who could be just ignorant enough to make a virus into a partisan issue
BREAKING NEWS..... Buhari raises prices of respirators, nose masks and Corona Virus resistant condoms... Oh... Sorry... Wait...False Alert. It's ordinary Nigerians that are responsible for this wickedness.... Buhari is not involved.
Scientists aren't sure if the dog is infected or picked up the virus from a contaminated surface. The Hong Kong gov’t said it would quarantine all cats, dogs and other domesticated animals if their owners test positive and were quarantined for COVID-19.  …
8. It's not currently known how the man who died from #Covid19 became infected. Because he was in hospital before he was identified as a case, there is a risk patients/health workers/people who visited patients were exposed to the virus.
The deadly virus is causing celebrities to suit up. (via 
They couldn't  up with a coherent candidate with a clear vision for America; imagine what they would do with the Corona Virus?  …
And Scientific data for back up! Corona virus designed for Asian physiology!  …
“As soon as we get a negative screening, then we will keep him for another two or three days and repeat the test to make sure there are no more virus particles in his saliva and that means he will not be contagious again, then we will release him back into 
China has recorded over 85,000 cases of Corona virus yet no one increased the price of safety products. Nigeria just recorded its first case yesterday morning, and a pharmacy has increased the price of hand sanitizer from 1k to 20k. Kai, the black man is wicked 
Because you’re the one makng false claims. Trump didn’t say the virus was a hoax. He said the hoax was a bunch of idiot Democrats politicizing the virus like you’re doing now.  …
The coronavirus patient who died was a man in his 50s with underlying medical conditions, according to Washington state health officials. It's the first death associated with the novel virus in the U.S. 
With sequencing of influenza virus genomes, we've been able to track influenza importations and spread into the Seattle area with a high resolution of detail. 4/8
It's worth noting that usually pollution kills more people in China in a single day than the total amount who have died of the corona virus since this outbreak began.  …
What do you think of the corona virus risk to USA?
I heard if you catch Lyme disease it cures the virus. Something about Corona and lime.
Charging people for testing would make large swathes of the population reluctant  forward if they have only mild symptoms (i.e. 80% of spreaders). They could remain out in  invisible to health authorities and spreading the virus to others.
The other day I summarized the big-picture global trajectory on #COVID19. Here's an attempt at assessing US readiness. In short: the big variables are not the virus; they're our political system, our health system, and public trust.  …
Corona virus and chinas debt arguing whos gonna end us first!! 
For anyone looking for the correct protocol on handshakes in the midst of this awful virus, Gene Simmons once came in to the studio, fist bumped myself, our camera lady & presenter & proclaimed loudly "Boom, haven't shaken a fans hand in 8 years and never get a cold, do the math" 
Iran coronavirus travel to US: At least two people we know arrived from Iran through LAX in past 2 days & were not screened or tested for virus. #Iran
Isn't it sad that elitist liberals would rather see American middle-class families suffer and people get sick with a virus just so they can "win" an election? That's the type of evil we're up against nowadays  …
If you don’t like “theories” Please scroll. Cuz this is a 2 for 1..... 1. Virus is a WhiteHat play to round up bad actors (see thread) 2. What if this is the exit Plan for Pence? Virus is going to “appear” to be badly handled. POTUS gets his VP Think envelope 
Can’t get the virus if you don’t go anywhere 
WA public health reported 2 COVID-19 cases +1 death on Sat, just 1 day after they finally started testing for the virus. Reminder that reliable case #s across the US have been delayed bc of faulty tests supplied by CDC. There's a lot we still don't know.  …
It’s why he called it “THEIR HOAX”. You guys wanted panic and fear in the public, and when called out for your ACTIONS, you simply did what you always do, you LIED and misrepresented what he said. Not once did he EVER SAY the virus was a hoax. #COUP
President Trump asks the media and politicians "not do anything to incite a panic [about the coronavirus], because there's no reason to panic. At all." He also pushed back on the false liberal media narrative that he called the virus a "hoax." 
Sharing this GIF will grant you immunity to Corona virus and will feed Corona Chan with energy to kill off [redacted] 
Thank you! This framing of "young & healthy will be just fine" by many in media seems highly dangerous. In a pandemic situation with no vaccine, old & unhealthy need herd protection! Catching the virus endangers our fellow citizens. We shouldn't speak in selfish terms about this.
The virus breeding g ground in your district could use some work. 
How old were you when you died from SARS, MERS, West Nile Virus, Bird Flu, Swine Flu, Zika and Ebola? #Coronavid19.
I will stop corona virus  …
When someone tells me theres no escaping the virus once i enter the restaurant 
CNN: “In a striking contradiction to White House assertions that the coronavirus is under control, the Pentagon's chief of personnel is sharply warning that the virus poses an increased "threat" in areas where US troops and defense personnel are located around the world”
Yes, kind of an important distinction. Thank you Jake for putting the virus situation and the public's right to some peace of mind before partisan crappery.
An interesting point from @Zeynep Tufekci: "Preparing for the almost inevitable global spread of coronavirus is one of the most pro-social, altruistic things you can do." Don't panic about the virus. But do follow her practical and level-headed advice.  …
As the virus makes its way to CAN/US, everyone should do their own research and decide how they want to react @BillGates mentioned there's been 10x more cases than SARS in 1/4 of the time, so we should take this seriously: Here's a dump of things I think are worth mentioning:
Corona Virus is just a hoax --Trump Imagine Buhari made this statement.
Also. Thursday: Inter played Ludogorets without fans. Tomorrow: Five games aren't played. Wednesday: Juventus plays milan with fans from non alarming zones allowed at the stadium. They defeated the Corona virus in three days or what?? Why should anyone follow this damn league??
If Trump were smart he would let the pros speak to the virus. He’s not. Cannot help but use this opportunity to address the nation. I cringe when he tries to sound like he knows what’s going on. How many times does one have to repeat themselves to try to make a point?
2...."Healthy individuals should be able to fully recover....They should be able to recover, should they contract the virus. So healthy people, if you’re healthy, you will probably go through a process, and you’ll be fine.” The research so far does not show this. While...
. COVID-19 aka Coronavirus SO what do YOU think? Where did the  from? Leave your thoughts in the replies & any supporting sources stay updated via  …
In America. This person hasn’t been to China or been in contact with anyone who has. Realize that. But y’know with this sad death YOUR “president” can declare that only 14 people have the virus in America now. He’d be lying still but folks like Jen will eat it up.  …
How to prevent yourself from  seriously ill or dying from the Coronavirus (or any other type of flu). Vitamin C, Vitamin D3, Curcumin & other minerals and  can reduce inflammation and the body's over response to the virus  
It’s terrible that a heartbreaking deadly virus has to hit the world for any of the pollution to stop. What’s just as heartbreaking is once this scare is over it will start back up again.
Okay, digest this; someone died of Corona virus in Washington state. President Trump described the patient as a “wonderful woman” and a “medically high-risk patient” in her late 50s, at a news conference. Jeffrey Duchin, chief health officer for Seattle and King County,
Now that Corona Virus has hit Ireland I'm anxiously awaiting whatever awful take Rory's Stories is going to bombard us with.
Apparently I need to know what the NHS plans to do about things, well, I am sorry, we are trying to help, we can't make funds available, we get funds allocated to us, to put the blame for a virus on us, it defies all logic  …
Northeast Portland virus panic Fred Meyer update: There‘s been a run on toilet paper and tissues, they’re low on boxes mac & cheese, many people are wearing masks for no reason. And it’s hailing. We’re bad at this, basically.
Associated Press Has Just Confirmed... Dems Lying About Coronavirus Readiness BLOOMBERG, At SC Dem Debate, Claimed Trump Had Fired Pandemic Specialist At WH & Defunded CDC Blames Trump for Spread of The Virus  …
In light of the #coronavirus concerns, many people have been asking me what they can do. Foundationally, keep your immune system strong & healthy. Here is excellent research via @drjamesdinic and Mark F. McCarty on nutracueticals and the virus: 
The majority of people who contract coronavirus will survive... it's a Cold virus! 
The hoax he referred to wasn't the virus. It was the exaggerations, misrepresentations, and fear mongering. Kind of like you're doing right here.
ya corona virus at the hospital i go to 3x a week and i got like 3 auto immune diseases. this is sick.
Can you imagine? The President holds a news conference, the same President who called the virus a #Hoax & doesn't get this basic fact right: he says deceased was a woman when health officer Dr. Duchin said it was a man Think about that for a minute or don't 
"Contact with fecal matter from an infected person may also transmit the virus." So don't put you fingers in strange poo is what they are saying.  …
People are seriously freaking out about the Corona virus. I've never seen Costco so busy. Even on black Friday or Christmas season. They're out of Kirkland cases of waters, toilet paper, meat in general and other things.... 
The Brazilian science that Bolsonaro wants to destroy has, in a matter of 48 hours, genome sequenced novel corona virus. This permits better tracking of the epidemic and could help develop a vaccine.  …
What exactly does closing the southern border do other than make Trump look powerful? It won’t stop a virus already in our country. Mexico isn’t what we need to be worrying about People are dying & this man only cares about his border wall! Who the hell is in charge?
At a press conference on the virus this afternoon, Trump said the US patient who died, was a woman. "She was a wonderful woman, a medically high-risk patient in her late 50s" Trump was wrong. He has no idea of the US coronavirus impact and status. Useless  …
For every "" that @BarstoolMizzou tweets a Corona gets it virus
. @Mike_Pence beat virus level 20 in Dr Mario and we’ll trust your skills 
I dont know who needs to hear this but your package from china isnt going to have the corona virus. The virus cannot survive outside of the human body for very long so I'm 100% sure you're aliexpress haul isnt going to kill you
Let’s go watch the Simpsons , they probably gonna show us how this corona virus matter ends
First U.S. coronavirus death reported; officials expect virus to spread -  …
President Trump @realDonaldTrump @VP announced they are checking into closing the southern border! Hopefully sooner then later since they don’t know how people who haven’t traveled to China are getting this virus. They are sneaking into the US through our borders!
Earth: humans bad, virus good
Scientific fact: Guinness cures you of the corona virus 
Has anyone asked Gwyneth Paltrow what we need to stick in our vaginas to stop the Corona Virus?
I prefer Bitcoin Twitter or even Telsa Twitter over Virus Twitter
Whoever said hand sanitizers will prevent the virus lied! It will not prevent any virus! Everyone will be safe from using clean water! Nothing is as good as CLEAN WATER! PROPER HAND WASHING will do the miracle. STOP wasting your money! Spread the word!!!
Air pollution in China kills around 4K people a day. Considering how they have a very high mortality rate for COVID19, perhaps the low pollution levels will slow down respiratory diseases in China and will give its citizens a fighting chance against the virus.
So the virus is now active in a nursing home. What could go wrong there?
CDC on the way to help at Kirkland Nursing Facility where 2 presumed positive and 50+ others associated with virus are ill. 
there was literally a racist tweet abt 875 & covid19 when they went to the grammys that got 20K+ likes. ur a kpop stan, you stan asians, but turn around yourself? and make a racist & insensitive tweet abt chinese people & the virus? somethings not adding up here.
As far as I recall without checking that was correct as of yesterday. However once a virus is present the weather conditions are negligible, so it's unwise to say so. Far more effective is teaching correct hand hygiene. THIS is what will make a difference, absolutely.
Start worrying now. Patient data shows that the virus is more easily transmitted than the flu, and much more dangerous to seniors and people with health problems.
Its normal to be worried abt the Corona virus. I watched a video that said that scientists weren't sure if it could survive outside the body or not so i didn't they they're twt was bad. But a quick google search said that you cant catch it just from a package or mail
So here's the simple truth! This is fact. Stop buying sanitizers for that outrageous price of N19500, all the way from N750 a bottle. It is antibacterial and WILL NOT do anything to prevent the virus. HAND WASHING with clean water is all you need. Please RT
No one: Absolutely no one: Bloomberg: I'm buying three minutes of airtime tomorrow to brief you on a virus I have no involvement or expertise in.  …
i love how Americans don’t care about the corona virus we simply just care about how many corona beers are and aren’t selling
Trump bashes "Nervous Nancy" and "Cryin' Chuck" for criticizing him over the virus, says they don't even know what's going on, then says of the federal response, "We have to make it nonpartisan, if we can."
Trump's 2nd virus presser was bad as the 1st. Questions were carefully screened for softball questions only. Trump: "If your healthy, you'll be fine", was his prognosis. His clueless team of toadies took turns praising Trump. They offered no useful info.
That's a really good question. Maybe he didn't actually claim the virus is a hoax after all. Kinda makes you think, doesn't it?  …
Recent claims that a coronavirus in pangolins was a 99% genetic match to the virus circulating in people were the result of an "embarrassing  
The Iraqi health ministry had to clarify that getting high on the Syrian rue plant does not constitute treatment from 
The media loves a "killer virus" as it makes great headlines, I am not downplaying the risks, but we need to stay level headed as a panic will not benefit anybody. We need to look after vulnerable people who might not be able to self-isolate because they need care and nutrition!  …
not with this virus , im inside asf
Is the virus THAT bad if it’s era adjusted though?  …
Did you know only 20% of the #streetpups in India survive 1 year? A lot of them die due to diseases like #canineparvovirus. If not treated in time, #Parvo has a mortality rate of over 90%. DA2PP vaccine given at 6 weeks of age would help prevent the virus. Help us help them 
. @mattmargolis @marklevinshow said same to radio audience. "“They effectively shut down Congress while the virus was spreading,” to impeach Trump, then blamed President Trump for not doing enough about it." We're owed an accnting for cost of the lie.  …
EXCLUSIVE-U.S. weighs restrictions at border with Mexico over corona virus. FOR FUCK'S SAKE! Anything is just an excuse for the racist agenda. S*eg H*il, motherfuckers. 
Walking the streets in a Swedish town, I share some thoughts on history, and leadership in times of crisis. While writing, the first death in America of this ‘Democratic Hoax’ was reported. #alexnote #COVID #corona #virus #health #art #leadership #Coronavirus 
Why do you lie about this? He never called the virus a hoax. He said the democrats are using it as the next hoax against him. And he’s absolutely correct!  …
But you don’t have an issue with Bloomberg cynically taking advantage of ppls fears by buying air time to “daddy’s here” us about the corona virus? Basically preempting everyone’s hard work rallying in states with big money?
Well that's misleading. It's extremely hot here in Australia currently yet still Corona virus is about.
#COVID19 Can somebody explain why this virus is more dangerous than the flu? Can somebody explain the curious contradiction between sealed cities and continuing international travel? I smell a huge rat. Market manipulation? Opportunities for martial law?
Italy desperate for tourists to return as Milan 'brought to its knees' over virus fear  …
#Presidementia Hoax Alert: Trump said Friday that Democrats are using the virulent coronavirus as a “hoax” to damage him. Saturday he doubled down on the claim at his presser, linking Russia Hoax with Carona virus and Impeachment.  …
Sign my petition to change Corona virus to the Thanos Virus.
Lord, what a one trick pony the GOP turns out to be! Economy too hot? Have a tax cut for the rich. Economy too cool? Tax cuts for the 1%. Have a virus? ... Have a tax cut for the top 0.01% ...  …
The day is April 1, 2020. Coronavirus has killed thousands. Borders are closed. The economy is devastated. President Trump addresses the nation: "April Fools', the virus is a hoax. Just a big funny hoax" You feel so foolish. Your fever continues to rise. Happy April Fools' Day.
Wash. Your. Hands. It’s the number one preventative measure to block any virus. My mom was a research biologist. She’s in my kitchen now and knows everything about bacteria and viruses. She is a germ genius and owner of many Lysol products!  …
The possibility of outbreaks of COVID-19 in nursing homes is one way this virus is different from seasonal flu--no ability to vaccinate older adults and people with chronic conditions who are the most vulnerable to severe disease.
The U.S. is among the countries best prepared to prevent or manage a potential coronavirus epidemic. But the virus has already exposed significant vulnerabilities in the ability of the U.S. to respond to serious health emergencies. 
BREAKING: New Covid-19 death raises concerns about virus spread in nursing homes 
None will stop the spread of the virus. Instead, @realDonaldTrump admin using the #CoronaVirus to push their policy agendas including a racist immigration policy and an stance economic model that has slowed growth he inherited from  …
Technically the Corona virus is the same as any other influenza (different than  cold) however because it is new, there is no immunity and no vaccination, that is the issue, that and the fact that people who might be struck the hardest by it have nowhere to go
The economical and emotional toll as a result of propaganda surrounding #COVID2019 will do more harm than the virus that is causing the illness. #FactsNotFear
Updated #Italy Travel Advisory - Level 3 - Reconsider travel to Italy due to a recent outbreak of COVID-19. Do not travel to Lombardy and Veneto due to the level  transmission of the virus and imposition of local quarantine procedures.  
This is a list also of things that are still open in Tokyo if you want to enjoy the city Corona Virus Tokyo Closures Due to (COVID-19 Tokyo Attraction Closures) - Best Living Japan - Tokyo Travel Guide  …
Govt has only tested 500 people. Where are the test kits for Coronavirus?. I am hearing people don't want to pay for it or don't want to pay their deductible. Why isn't this test free, and offered by our govt.? By not testing people, we are allowing the virus to spread.
i know i’m getting a lot of dms and notifications but i’m at work so i cant answer them rn i’m sorry for the tweet it  off how i intended at all, this whole virus is a mystery and i was just concerned if i should cancel my order or not, i’ll will speak more after work
Washing your hands is the best way to protect against the novel coronavirus, according to doctors and health officials, as the virus continues to spread around the globe.  …
$1,000 to charity to the first reporter to ask a question to Trump and cough through the question. “Mr. President <cough> do you <cough> think it is still <cough> <cough> a hoax <cough> after someone now has <cough> <cough> died because of the <cough> <cough> <cough> virus?”
Coronavirus is good politics for Bloomberg, given he's the only candidate who's ever had to do large scale public health co-ordination. Not saying this to be pro-Bloomberg (I'm not at all) or pro-politicizing the virus. I just expect him to lean in hard on this point.  …
Told my dog to stand guard in case corona virus tries to sneak down the hall while we are watching telly. 
the reason why people are panicking over the coronavirus is because its a new virus and there hasn’t been a cure. the regular flu kills thousands a year but no one panicks because theres already a cure.
Because of authoritarian China we don't know enough about a possible pandemic, leaving us in the dark about how to prepare. Because of our own increasingly authoritarian gov we're not prepared to respond to the virus in the US. Don't sit politics out.
Exactly! You’re over the target!! Add to that- ALL the sudden “Pop-up” diagnosis of the virus in the US just happen to be in Blue States where they are motivated to crash our economy in order to get Pres Trump out of office.  …
Markets are looking to the Federal Reserve and its peers as they try to contain the fallout from the coronavirus. But no playbook exists for dealing with the economic threat posed by the virus. 
The lyin' Hoax Newser lies again. Trump most certainly did NOT call the virus a hoax. He called you and your slime a hoax.
Yeah. Like he claimed that there are 14 cases, when in reality, there’re over 60. Last night. Or not allowing the head of the CDC to appear on 5 Sunday morning shows tomorrow. Or claiming the virus will disappear when the weather gets warmer, April maybe. Be quiet.
The f*cking Globalists use the Virus to silence protesters in Europe. But they let all the aliens invade Europe. SICK SICK SICK!!!  …
Will UK Labour MPs boycott @CNN for promoting  between the first possible Jewish president of the USA to an infectious virus?  …
it’s actually frustrating when people use the virus as an excuse to be racist towards asians and they excuse it as “i just want to make sure” or the “this is just how i deal with it” IT. DOESNT. GIVE. YOU. THE. PASS. TO. BE. BLANTANTLY. RACIST.
This is a lie made by the corporate press and hacks like Aaron. Trump was talking about the democrat's politicization of the response to the virus as a "hoax". He was not talking about the virus itself. This is clear from the video and anyone suggesting otherwise has an agenda.  …
Since this is getting lots of attention, figure I put tips on how to protect yourself from the virus! -Wash your hands frequently everyday -Stay away from the sick -If you are sick, refrain from going outside, school, gatherings, etc. -Drink lots of water and treat your symptom
Washington Declares State Of Emergency After First US Virus Death; CDC Says "No National Spread In US": Live Updates  …
The total confirmed cases of the virus sits at 85,203 as of Saturday, 79,251 of which are in mainland China, while there have been 2,921 deaths. The United States has 66 confirmed cases of the virus thus far.
One estimate is that between 40-70% of the world’s population will contract this virus.  …
If there are going to be frequent White House briefings on the virus, press needs to substitute science reporters for political reporters at those events.
When you go through old holiday virus pics 
This is what I’ll be doing at conventions from now on. Not coz virus. Coz fun.  …
900 people have died from the corona virus, & the whole world is panicking. 150 million people have been killed  & one of America's two major parties is about to nominate one as their leader.
Congress is taking steps to ensure the government has access to the resources needed  this deadly virus & keep Americans safe. House appropriators are working hard on a funding package which we hope to vote on next week.
I wonder how many people look at the virus mortality rates and think “I’ll be ok”, not because they’re not old, but because they’ve never really internalized and accepted how old they’ve gotten.
Some people in germany are very afraid of the corona virus and started buying as much stuff as possible. While getting some groceries today, along many people with full carts was this one guy. With about 80+ puddings, grinning like a mad man. He's my favourite. 
Fauci is really the best at this. Keep things in perspective. This is primarily a virus that will kill the elderly with underlying conditions. And occasionally someone younger. It's cruel but a long, long way from the end of the world.
THE ONLY FOO WHO CAN DEFEAT THE CORONA VIRUS 
Credit where credit due- @realDonaldTrump did EXCELLENT job at #Coronavirus press conference. Measured, patient (even w/some occasional dumb questions) while clarifying that virus itself isn’t a hoax—the Dems‘ *politicization* of it, IS. This is NO time for politics. #TrishRegan
The #coronavirus outbreak in #Iran worries everyone but families of prisoners fear a lot more due to lack of hygiene. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe believes she’s got the virus in prison. #COVID19  …
Y’all the Coronavirus has been on the label for years now... this virus isn’t something new it’s just barley being brought to our attention.  …
viruses cannot survive outside the body for more than 24 hours they need a host to perform their function and the corona virus is proven to not thrive outside the human body so any packages y'all receive from anywhere just take it quietly without getting on twt acting uneducated
"the most ever thing I've ever heard." Clearly there's an error there but the President did not call the virus a hoax. He called the reporting on his handling of it a hoax.
The corona virus has radicalized Goop. It is now part of black block 
TLDR: we're having the worst flu season we've had in like ten years on top of an outbreak of a (probably lab-sourced) virus that usually causes a cold but  with some unknown environmental co-factor(s) basically fries a person's immune system.  …
Three new positive cases of the COVID-19 virus have been reported in Ontario, bringing the total number of cases in the province to 11.  …
I didn't watch trump today (the sight of him makes me sick). Did he still claim the corona-virus was a hoax?
Politicizing the Coronavirus. Wednesday, @realDonaldTrump gave  update on the virus in the US. He showed leadership in every area!! Democrats have no response except to lie and politicize something that IS NOT A PROBLEM in the US! (I follow back Patriots.) 
A few years ago we lost my grandma to the Zika virus. I guarantee she woulda lived past 100 if that little fucker didn’t get her. My family also knows someone who lost his son to h1n1. I’m just posting this to remind...  …
Buhari directs crackdown on security personnel undermining border drill Nothing yet from Buhari on the coronavirus A government that is more concerned about the smuggling of rice into the country than the smuggling of a deadly virus into the country Animal farm
bro first confirmed death in the United States due to the corona virus, good thing we live in America
It’s gonna be that he created the virus and is the only one who can stop it and now we HAVE to vote for him  …
We are closely monitoring the latest #coronavirus developments and working with our City bureaus, @multco and @OHAOregon to ensure the safety of the public. For more information and steps you can take against the virus, please visit the @multco  …
kcgknj a whole ass stan account for a korean boy group who suffers from racism on a daily basis yet mf is out here being racist themselves over the virus lmfaoooo they're fucking mental
I vividly remember @realDonaldTrump saying days ago one patient wasn’t doing so well, clearly he was correct. Would behoove everyone to wait for press conference and no the victim wasn’t 19 geniuses, COVID-19 is the name of the virus. 
The coronavirus is "the kind of virus that would be extremely difficult to contain even in a best-case scenario, and the world is hardly in a best-case scenario now," writes the editorial board 
Switzerland shut down all gatherings over a 1,000 people after 2 people were found positive for corona virus. I’m missing ice hockey play offs but this is how it should be handled.
1) My friends, if you want to run around with your hair on fire, feel free. I am not concerned for myself or my family one iota about this virus. Less so than the flu, and no, I don't get the flu shot. 2) I won't avoid shaking hands. 3) I won't wear a mask.
A Sniffing and Sickly-Looking Trump Gets Nasty and Says He Doesn't Regret Calling Virus a Hoax  …
During the Ebola Virus it was Biden who organized a successful world health initiative. MSNBC.
Good question, why IS the president holding a second press conference on the coronavirus if the virus is just the Democrats' "new hoax," as he falsely claims?  …
Mike Pence has introduced the Anti-Coronavirus Brunette Germ-Barrier Helmet, modeled by wife Karen. "As you see," says Mike, "once the helmet is in place no one  near you, creating a virus-free zone. It's made from a sturdy Christian tungsten used in riot control gear" 
The media has been scaring the whole country over the virus What they’re doing is shameful Our stock market tanked Businesses are already hurting Children are worried And no one really knows how serious it is The media will stop at nothing To bring down POTUS And us too
Who are dumber....the people who thought drinking a Corona beer would give them the Corona virus or Garth Brooks fans who thought he was wearing a Bernie Sanders Jersey? In either case those shouldn’t be able to vote, drive, drink or reproduce!
It’s strange how much Fox News has Tulsi on Tucker always has acted like he has a crush She was on his show offering her advice to POTUS about the virus Absurd! She always wears her resistance white suit. When will Paul Ryan be giving her a show?  soon!
ah this is just insensitive and racist... yall already know how i feel about people making jokes about the virus 
2/ "The best you can say is that while the virus is spreading around the world and his administration is beginning to treat it as a grave and critical issue he is simultaneously out on the campaign hustings calling it a “hoax” while also at the same time bragging about how ...
Trump is specifically asked about the use of “hoax” and clarifies that he was referring to Dem accusations (not the virus or impact itself), which should have been obvious to anyone who watched the video:   …
Do the people on the left chuckling about "red states" regarding the Coronavirus not realize they mostly live in virus incubating big cities with poor sanitation and high-density populations that are just the best recipe for a disaster movie?
If heat will kill the virus (as he said) isn’t he blocking the wrong border?
At the #CoronaVirusUpdate, Trump was asked by @KellyO if he regretted calling the outbreak a hoax now that an American has died. Trump said he does not regret it because he was referring to Democrats, not the virus. “The hoax is on them.” OK. Got it, Gaslighter-in-Chief.
- From known info, #COVID19 is not as infectious as, say, measles. - Common cold is still MUCH more likely than COVID - Routine virus transmission protections (thorough hand washing, avoid contact with sick people) is still best practice now to stay safe
Last I read you can test positive after recovery, but that happened in China and it could be 1 of 3 things: 1. Yes, you can get it again or it lies dormant and then re-emerges 2. the antibodies still set off tests but the virus is innoculous 3. Chinese fucked up and misdiagnosed
5) On the flip side, the virus does not appear terribly deadly, Americans are clearly already stocking up to stay home a bit, and temperatures are increasing. I think *virus* related issues are minimal relative to psychological reflexivity, policy risks, & 2nd, 3rd order effects
We know that coronavirus is very contagious, but we are still learning how it passes from person to person. This new “community spread” case reveals gaps in testing capability in the US that could hamper efforts to slow the spread of the virus. 
A Sniffing and Sickly-Looking Trump Gets Nasty and Says He Doesn’t Regret Calling Virus a Hoax  …
At his SC rally this week Trump referred the #caronavirus as “this is their new hoax”. Finally grasping the gravity of this situation he claims today he did not refer to the virus as a “hoax”. But listen and let your ears lie to you too.  … via @NBCNews
The death rate for those infected with the Corona virus is ______________per 100 people. (Please retweet.)
The virus is a process to go through. Peachy.  …
@realDonaldTrump never said ‘the coronavirus’ is a hoax. He said we must be prepared for the virus , support each other, and not panic. The hoax he referred to has to do with, yet, another hyperbole by his opposition, weaponizing the virus against him politically. He’s right!
yall know the virus wont be in your fucking aliexpress package????? did any of you have biology??? viruses dont fucking say "Wow A box that travels a month on a fucking container ship, lets hop in."
More than 85,000 people,worldwide have been infected by the virus. #OneVoice1 #wtpEBRC #wtp2020  …
One of the most effective ways to protect yourself from any virus is to properly wash your hands. However, many people don’t scrub their hands, fingers and nails long enough—20 full seconds! Guess what’s also 20 seconds? The chorus to @BTS_twt’s ON! Bring the pain to germs! 
We see how the democrat socialists are using this virus as a political tool. Common sense prevails with the majority of the nation. We have full confidence in your leadership. #WomenForTrump #VeteransForTrump #AmericansForTrump  …
We must all wash our hands and cover our coughs to prevent the spread of the virus. Liberals must additionally find a way to clean the gunk out of their heads.
Oh do be quiet. Happy news would be a PM who visited the people who are flooded out of their homes and looked like he gave a s**t about the Corona Virus.
First Corona Virus death in the US just happened 20 mins from my house
Can we call the next virus ‘AR-15’ ?  …
If Mexico is allowing people with the virus into their country, shouldn't we shut down our southern border? It makes me nervous.
Jesus christ you guys fall for this every time. They do not "recognize the seriousness of this". They do not care. They do not have a "plan", beyond how they can use the virus to consolidate power. That's it. For the love of God, will you stop getting duped every single time!  …
"Who gave it to the patient in Surrey? How many others have they infected? And have they in turn also passed on the virus?" @SkyNewsThomas on the first person to catch #coronavirus within the 
First death from #coronavirus in the #UnitedStates confirmed in Washington state, officials say 67 cases reported in the #US, among more than 85,000 globally At least 4 US coronavirus patients have no travel history that would tie them to the virus  …
2 patients recently travelled to Iran; the 3rd is husband of one patient. “At this time the virus is not circulating locally. However, given the global circumstances, Ontario is actively working with city and health partners to plan for the potential of local spread,” govt says.
And the virus and the death of the Washingtonian as cover to step racist immigration policy via shutting the border. This will do nothing to curb the virus. It will exacerbate economic ramifications.  …
The impact that a single virus has had on the markets this week is foreboding. As the climate crisis deepens & ancient viruses are released from permafrost, as cities/ports face disruption from rising seas, as food production suffers through drought, we’ll be caught flat-footed.
An ounce of protection goes a long way. Wonder if the Unstable genius will ever make  sense decision. #OneVoice1 #VoteBlueNoMatterWho BBC News - Coronavirus: France bans large indoors gatherings in bid to curb virus  …
"We should plan on the assumption that most of the population may contract the virus with few or no long term effects, while harnessing vital secondary healthcare resources to treat the small % of people who  seriously ill" #COVID19 
Good evening Spartans in Nigeria Evening my Nigerian love @Official_CeeC am praying for the Relaunch of Cegar 2mrw am praying against the Spread of Corona Virus I love you guys all stay safe u are in my thots&prayers we can't lose any of U, U special to us stay safe #TeamCeeC 
the corona virus waiting in front of lau's gate la ano ma khalou yfout bala l id like 
Although physicians still have no vaccine or cure for the novel coronavirus, health officials and  around the world are working hard to develop them. Here are some recent developments in the race to find treatments for the virus. 
Here Jake attempts to argue that the same President that stopped all travel from China a month ago, established a task force, brought in experts from various agencies and held a full press conference on the virus last week also thinks the virus itself is a hoax.  …
Dangerous Dishonesty: @AliVelshi and @KellyO discuss Trump’s failure to take responsibility for the fact that when he calls #coronavirus a #hoax, people will believe him and take fewer precautions, thus endangering themselves and further spreading the virus. 
MSMs obsession with a virus which is hardly a deadly killer, is causing those with weakened immune systems to suffer as panicked healthy people are irrationally buying up the supply of medical masks! This is a bigger killer than #CoronaVirus ... ironic!   …
I've been following the news on this China virus for many weeks. I can say with 100% confidence that the U.S federal government and Pres. Trump has been on top of this from the very beginning. If you don't believe me simply watch the old press conferences of task force since Jan
NYT and WaPo demanding everyone get free corona virus care, but their articles on the virus are still behind paywalls.
Liverpool the man incharge of VAR died from corona virus
JFC it’s not caused by Mexico Trump taking advantage of pandemic to close boarders is truly politicizing the virus. This is Miller at work behind the puppet. @thespybrief  …
The sum total of the new aggressive steps on the virus are restricting travel from Iran and suggesting Americans don’t travel to Italy. Really? That’s the plan?
How dumb does one have to be to NOT drink Corona beer because of this virus? It’s actually a thing. FFS... #Trump2020
Millions of Americans having to pay out of pocket for virus testing, vaccines, treatment would have same economic effect as a middle-class tax increase.
Like so many things he says, his speech was designed to lead people to conclude what they want to conclude by using pronouns, passive voice, innuendo. Did he say the virus was a hoax or the process was a hoax? What does "this" refer to? What were the other hoaxes? 
Asian Caucus urging them to “help us prevent hysteria ... and racist assaults that have been fueled by misinformation." Sen. Tom Cotton had previously entertained the possibility of the fringe theory that the virus originated in a Chinese biosafety lab.  …
After the first American #Coronavirus-related death, Trump forced to admit the virus is real, yet still somehow a hoax.  …
Why is it that all the sanctuary states are being the first ones hit with the china virus?  …
Just checking in - does Russia have any cases of the virus - seems odd that we aren't hearing about any of their cases. And Trump seems to be doing as little as he can to stop it...  …
Another prediction: Trump will be more or less on message with experts in these pressers but continue to refer to the fear over virus a hoax cooked up by democrats at rallies and other less scripted moments.
A Chinese man infected with corona virus hand shaked with radical Abdul. Corona virus died
it is just so important now more than ever that tv news doesn’t air trump live on coronavirus. I get it, before when he was lying it was fun because it was politics. he’s lying about a virus that everyone is freaking out about, just do 20 minutes of fact checking first. gah  …
Probably because Africa is hot and the virus doesn't stand a chance in that climate?  …
1. Watford Beats Liverpool. 2. Atletico Madrid eliminates Liverpool from the UCL 3. English FA Cancels all sporting activities due to the Corona Virus outbreak.
He didn't call the virus a hoax. He called the politicization and weaponization against Trump and the GOP a hoax. It is!
"To cure the virus, we must *think like the virus*. Stop. Gizmo, enhance that area. There. Its weakness." -- Me, solving the coronavirus
The media has it wrong again. Trump called the politicizing of the virus by democrats the hoax, not the seriousness of the coronavirus.  …
Yet another marquee conference canceled. A great time for any event organizer to check out Run The World as a digital alternative. For any event that's been impacted by the virus, they're waiving all set-up fees. Details here:   …
Pretty clear. Trump's POV is the Democrats tried everything and now they're trying to say the Administration's reaction to coronavirus is bad. That is the "hoax." Not the virus itself. You certainly can argue his POV is wrong, but he does not say the virus is a hoax.  …
Trump did not call the corona virus "a hoax". I wish the media wasn't so chock full of liars. You guys are treasonous levels of bullshit. Total pond scum. h/t to @AsheSchow (and others) for getting this  …
Mike Pence just claimed that MERS was a much deadlier virus than Coronavirus. I think that’s a bit premature and minimizes the risk to Americans. @VP
@realDonaldTrump The damage is done. Your  of the english language has convinced your followers that you meant the virus was the hoax. They now believe they can’t get this virus. Therefore, they aren’t taking precautions and will spread it. You did this.
For those keeping track: 66 cases of Coronavirus in US 3 cases of Coronavirus in Mexico. This is @realDonaldTrump administration using the virus and death of Washington woman to pursue his racist immigration policy. Don’t be fooled.  …
OI MFKAS HOW MANY VIEWS YALL THINK A 5 EPISODE HOSPITAL SERIES + STREAMS WOULD GET IF I WENT AND GOT CORONA VIRUS FUCK YOU MEAN WE LEFT THE VIEWS IN WUHAN
Trump very rarely does press conferences inside the press room, that's the first red flag Trump answering questions, 2nd red flag Even having a press conference on a virus that supposedly isn't anything to worry about, is the biggest red flag
Allah created those who discovered the virus and the tools to fight it. I don't know why people see religion as stupid obsession because of a few misguided people. There are Muslim scientists who are well respected also working on a cure. All faiths are represented in science.  …
Here's the most telling stat: the federal government has over 40 million face masks on hand. This is the only indication we have from the Trump WH re: how widespread it believes the virus may 
It's almost like Trump is tryin' to spread the virus, ain't it?  …
The U.S. is banning travel to Iran in response to the outbreak of the coronavirus and elevating travel warnings to regions of Italy and South Korea. Vice President Mike Pence announced the changes as President Trump provided an update on the virus. 
A thread on the novel coronavirus. TLDR- You're probably going to get it, but it probably isn't going to kill you. First, virulence = the degree of damage a microbe causes its host. Basically, the more virulent a virus, the more likely it is to kill you. 1/?
Hmmmm.... Tяump (on mic) #coronavirus is a hoax. It’s under control (the hoax or the virus?) Nothing to worry about. Buy stocks Tяump (off mic) CANCEL our Asian summit meeting! I don’t want those China people within 5000 miles of me! #TrumpVirus #COVID  …
This goes back to my point of these conferences where they get up there say "low risk" no big deal "we know these things" when they don't. It appears no one does. It's been three months how is this virus that confusing for doctors at this point.  …
the conflation of the virus with the Mexican border was always going to happen; the underlying fear is the corruption of the perfect, pure, white American body
Observations re address to nation. Trump cannot speak without using fantastic, strongly, and how great he is. Pence spent 1/2 the time kissing Trump’s ass. Last, it’s a shame that after 3+ years it took a deadly virus to force this administration to act appropriately.
If I were The Man.... *new column with no lotto and minimal corona virus content  …
Asked if he can do anything to calm the markets, Trump says, "The markets will  back. The markets are very strong." He says they just have to deal with the virus, the one problem; "safety, health, #1, and the markets will take care of themselves."
It’s not a stupid question. Human-to-pet virus transmission has happened before, and it even has a name: reverse zoonosis. @DeborahNetburn  …
How about a two step approach #Hanian style? - Wash hands - Slather hands with sanitizer / alcohol based disinfectant - Air dry Do you all think that would help at least a little to keep this virus in check because you're washing hands and sanitizing after....
What Corona virus quarantine in Iran looks like lmao 
Thank God he is not running the show! We would all have the damn virus!  …
Wow. Mike Pence is as big of a liar as Trump!!! Mendacity and FoxNews braitrot are  within the GOP as any virus.
He's not saying the virus is a hoax, he's saying you guys giving it a doomsday narrative is the hoax and you know it.
Where they failed is in providing useful tips for public to have some sense of empowerment over this virus with what they could/should be doing. Overall message was carry on. Not sure I would have gone with that. Just my two cents. 2/2
To recap, Trump didn't reject the premise that he's looking at restrictions on the Mexican border re the virus, but then, when challenged on it later in the press conference, he said that the Mexican border doesn't seem to be much of a problem right now.  …
A journalist went there with Pence and his HIV virus mismanagement in Indiana. I love it. Now Trump is giving Pence a blowjob on TV.
Trump nailing the Fed to the wall. Why are our rates so much higher and why haven’t they already cut aggressively? Not just over any virus risks but on policy. Fed is Following. Not leading. Preach 45! Trumps been more right on rates than anyone at the Fed...for years.
Shaheen Bagh is the Corona virus of India . . . I was just thinking so thought of sharing Btw Shaheen Bagh ka kya khbr h?
1/ "BBC claims that ulamā in Iran are hindering health officials' efforts in preventing the spread of the virus, with an article titled 'Religion & Science in Opposition'. The media always finds ways to put down ulamā with false information..." cont'd
Trump using the corona virus press conference to attack the Fed cause he wants interests rates even lower to make him look better to his money folks. This is so off the rails. Lord... focus on getting pharmaceutical prices low for the American People. Now THAT would be relevant
Liverpool were worried about the corona virus when the real threat was Sarrs
#coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate here’s a chart of all places affected and how fatal the virus is depending on age (sorry for quality) 
Okay but the corona virus jokes in my mentions need to stop.
The Canadian couple just showed virus still present after fecal swabs but i don't know if they actually got sick again or if it was just still in them after recovery.  …
BREAKING NEWS The  reporting highest numbers of suspected Corona virus patients currently being monitored are also sanctuary cities and states strongly suggesting open border policies of those locals are seriously endangering American lives ... #COVID19
We really don’t know the truth about the current state of the virus — and you won’t learn it from anyone in media or government. You’re on your own.  sense, do what you would normally do to protect yourself from colds and flu and such. Learn not to rely on government.
According to Anthony Fauci: despite reports otherwise, “once you gotten infected and recovered, you’re not going to get infected with the same virus again.” #coronavirus @cnn
Here in Italy it has been found that the virus was already here in December  …
Extra for ep7 is up! I hope this brings a smile to everyone amidst all the coronoa virus scares. Stay healthy!  …
The president appears to be trying to back off the claims that the danger of the virus is a hoax by the Democrats. He said, at some point, that he is taking it all very seriously. He didn't say that he lied earlier, of course. The Dems did something unspecific that was a hoax..?
This is a no-brainer. We can’t continue to allow travel to and from countries that have been impacted by this virus... Trump assures nation after 1st American coronavirus death: ‘No reason to panic’  …
#TrumpDementia #Presidementia (2) Coronavirus 2/29 Presser: Trump takes over the podium, doubles down on "hoax," blaming Democrats, lumps Corona with Russia-Russia-Russia & impeachment. He can't resist being center of attention. Minimizes virus threat. (More ->)
Asked why he's considering closing the Mexican border given that there are "so many more cases" in the US, Trump says we have a great relationship with Mexico and this is not a border that "seems to be much of a problem right now" re the virus.
President Trump says he will be meeting with  after the first US coronavirus death: "We're talking about a vaccine and developing very quickly ... a vaccine for the virus,  the virus"  
Dr Fauci: if this virus acts like other viruses, which I have no reason to believe it won’t, once you get infected and have recovered you won’t get infected again.
US reports first #COVID19 death. Iran and Italy in full outbreak with cases & deaths piling up. South Korea and Japan racing against time to contain the virus. France and Spain developing as new epicentres. Still very bad in China. Just pinched myself. It all looks so unreal.
RTing this now to revisit later... Maddow had a virus expert on last night. He said this virus WILL die down as weather warms up but it will resurface in the fall and be much more aggressive. Will see if I can find the clip... @JaneToppan @integrityshines  …
I got the H1N1 virus in 2009. It hit me hard and was the worst I ever felt but after meds I was well in 48 hrs. I’ve heard the Coronavirus has the same rate of recovery. Like any flu, if you don’t have  immune system, the rate of recovery is exceptionally high.
ABSOLUTE BANTER MASTERCLASS FROM DEJAN LOVREN DAYS AFTER HEADLINES OF 'LIVERPOOL'S SEASON UNDER THREAT FROM THE CORONAVIRUS'. AFTER WATCHING LOVREN FOR 6 YEARS I CAN TELL YOU A DEADLY VIRUS DOESN'T COME CLOSE TO THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE KILLED BY LOVREN'S CALAMITOUS PERFORMANCES
The 1918 flu pandemic killed millions until summer. Then it went away. Until winter of 1919. Then it killed tens of millions. Today's virus may not repeat history. Sad that Trump says it's a hoax. While other nations are testing and preparing a response to save lives.
Dr. Fauci again reinforces the vast majority of people who get in trouble with the virus are older and/or have underlying medical issues.
Wuhan's initial reaction was to suppress info. Authorities even held a banquet for 40,000 families in pursuit of Guinness World Record. A doctor who early sounded the alarm was detained and accused of disrupting public order. Vindicated, he has since died of the virus.
Fauci says "the vast majority" of people very seriously affected by the virus are elderly or have conditions, but you'll also get some "one-off" situations where a normal 25-year-old is in bad shape. (He's speaking less rosily than Trump and his team.)  …
I know dumbass liberals and Trump Haters want to blame Trump for the Corona Virus. Here’s the Truth 1. It did  from a bat 2. It stopped the protest 3. The only politicians to blame are those that made China the manufacture of everything 
2/29/2020 2nd time for POTUS to talk about the Coronavirus Virus 
VP Pence has announced additional US travel restrictions involving Iran, Italy and South Korea  the coronavirus spread; follows 1st death from the virus in the US.  …
Health authorities in Nigeria confirmed the country’s first case of the deadly coronavirus disease on Friday, meaning the virus has now spread to the most populous country on the African continent. 
This will do absolutely nothing to contain the virus. Trump using the virus and the death of Washington Woman to advance racist immigration policy. @realDonaldTrump has no shame.  …
The only thing I could do that's "stupid" is believe ANY Democrat over ANYTHING. Trump NEVER called the virus a "hoax" he said the Dems statements are the hoax, and they are. But keep it up, please, you're only cementing Trumps lead. Hopefully you'll be retired soon.
Fauci: There’s no indication re-infection is going on at all. “If this virus acts like other viruses, and I have no reason to believe it won’t, once you’ve gotten infected and recovered” you’re not going to get re-infected. #COVID19
Asked if he's confident the virus won't be fatal for healthy people, Fauci says ultimately, people who get in real "trouble" are elderly and/or have underlying conditions like heart disease, lung disease, diabetes, obesity. He says, though, "once in a while" there's an exception.
Another case of #Coronavirus found in Canada that traces back to Iran. There is a large Iranian diaspora living in Canada with close ties to Iran. This example shows how connected our world is today. And how fast and easy this virus is spreading beyond borders and across oceans.
A  from China. So Trump looks at the southern border. A  from Russia. So Trump looks at Ukraine. A journalist from America is hacked to pieces by Saudi Arabia. So Trump looks at Iran.  …
It's not the virus, it's the hysteria being promoted by the liberal haters and the media. They are calling it Trumpvirus. That is utterly ridiculous.
I hear that because of the virus they’re thinking of banning gatherings over 1000 people. My tour remains safe to attend.
He’s literally talking about infected people so clearly he isn’t saying the virus is a hoax. What is a hoax is the fear monger my by the media over the sniffles
Listening to Trump give update on virus and it reminds me of how unfair and biased journalists are. They're attacking the president for saying something he did not say. They are  and accusatory. They never behaved this way with Obama. It's pathetic and juvenile.
And another idiot journalist is insisting to his face that he called the virus a hoax, right after he verbally spanked someone else for the same thing. These people are so stupid.
Concerned citizens head to a Costco in Brooklyn. Our government’s poor planning  will lead to a panic more dangerous than the virus itself. 
The only survivors of the corona virus pandemic will be the two groups in society who never go outside: Gamers and depressed women . Together they will have to repopulate the earth.
Based on his rambling, sniffling, incoherent presser of moments ago, it’s safe to assume Trump doesn’t know the difference between a virus & a disease and on that note I’m off to shop for canned tuna and Gatorade for my prepper closet because JFC. 
How do we prepare for a deadly virus that has no cure? What are we going to do?
ALERT: See this? This is on the back of a can of LYSOL Spray Disinfectant. So, the Human Coronavirus isn’t something new. And if this virus has already been in existence and there is a disinfectant that will kill it, how is there not a vaccine to prevent it? Thoughts anyone? 
Does Trump think  from the southern borders? Not sure how shutting down southern border would stop this virus
WHY WOULD YOU CLOSE THE SOUTHERN BORDER AND NOT THE NORTHERN BORDER? Why would we think virus-bearing folks are Latino and not Canadian? Is there ANY evidence for that?
How do you go unbeaten then lose to a team fighting relegation?? alexander arnold and that robbo dude got cocky, now they've been humbled by some senegalese sauce. you can take your L in peace because corona virus gonna stop you from winning the league. cross and insha allah
President Trump said that he may close the Southern border to protect against the virus.
WTF does the Southern Border have to do with a virus that came from China? The fucking  & ability to be deceitful to the public is staggering
Trump says additional virus cases 'likely' - duh. Last night it was a big Democratic hoax. He is useless. Except to Putin.  …
Trump just said that when he called the coronavirus last night a "hoax" he didn't mean the virus was a hoax -- then he mentioned the Russia and Impeachment hoax. This is UNREAL to see this level of  and deceitfulness!
Trump says the "hoax" is what his opponents are doing to criticize him over the virus even though he's done such a great job, "certainly not referring to this -- how could anybody refer to this" as a hoax.  …
All you need to know about capitalism is that America’s biggest concern with corona virus is how it’s affecting the markets.
There are ppl not buying Coronas thinking the virus is injected directly into each bottle
Imagine interesting a man who can’t spell smoking, Who said that windmills cost cancer, and asbestos is safe, Who said the coronavirus is a hoax. imagine trusting this man to give us accurate information about  new virus.
Asked about his use of the word "hoax" last night, Trump said he was referring to how his opponents are trying to "pin this on somebody," not the virus itself. (For the record, that was my impression in context last night, though he certainly left it ambiguous.)
BREAKING: The Trump admin. bans travel from Iran, meaning any foreign nationals who visited Iran in the past 14 days won't be able to enter the US. Also the State Dept. will urge Americans not to travel to areas in Italy and South Korea that are most affected by the virus.
Irresponsible Act by President Erdogan of Turkey!Opening up borders to allow unfettered mass migration during this time of Pandemic Corona Virus Outbreak worldwide.Will Erdogan screen these migrants for the COVID19 rather than propagate potential NO!  …
Seriously, tho: I'm sure Mike Pence and Mother will pray away that no good corona virus just like they did with Mike's late night Grindr habit. #PencePandemic #PenceUnqualified #PenceVirus 
Trump and his cronies are going to cash in on the virus. Cronyism and Conflicts of Interest in Trump's Coronavirus Task Force  by @fastlerner
Somebody please stop me from throwing my tv through the window. HHS fucker says Trump is doing a great job one day after he called the virus a hoax.
Stop fucking giving yourselves credit for shutting down travel to China. Nobody gives a shit. The virus is already here. What’s the plan now??
. @JackPosobiec is exactly correct. Pres Trump never called the virus itself a “hoax.” What is a “hoax” is media reporting which distorts practically any story into an anti-Trump narrative — for example the #FinePeopleHoax regarding the  …
It is so important to make the distinction between "you, personally, are unlikely to die from this, statistically speaking" and "you don't have to worry because it's no big deal" Catching and spreading a respiratory virus that doesn't kill you is still a big deal.  …
this was my concern, not the virus itself 
White House: "If you catch the virus, just stay home." Working families living paycheck to paycheck: 
Frankly, now that the US got its deal and the process is moving into the intra-Afghan dialogue phase, this seems wholly unnecessary. Not to mention, a spectacle like this seems like a bad idea when POTUS should be focusing all his domestic efforts on tackling the corona virus.  …
So don't spread panic? But immigrants are rapists, the wall will keep the criminals out, and caravans  crashing down to kill us all while democrats are in cahoots with Ukraine and corona virus is a hoax? Alrighty!
A person in Washington state has died of the coronavirus, officials announced on Saturday. It’s the first known death in the U.S. from the virus. 
Coronavirus is deadly The entire world is working together to prevent it from spreading Now if we could only get the same cooperation to fight  Which are much more deadly than this virus
A person diagnosed with coronavirus in King County has  the first person to die from the virus in the U.S. I assure you that our local public health teams and medical professionals are doing everything they can to contain the spread of this virus. (Resources below)
I’d feel  if the virus was president and telling us its plan to defend the nation from trump.
New variation of a virus, US isn’t the only one on the testing learning curve. The politicization of this is ugly. Trump moved to shut down travel from China and was mocked. I wish we could at  together for this.
While this woman was dying in Washington for #Coronavirus, @realDonaldTrump was in South Carolina Calling the virus a hoax and @Mike_Pence was at a $25,000/plate fundraiser in Florida. This is on them. #TrumpVirus
. @JesseBWatters: President Trump "is a germaphobe who's tough on China and is a border hawk. He's the perfect president to take on this virus." 
The situation in #Iran is very dangerous. Now the work of the Iranian parliament has been suspended due to the spread of the #Coronavirus among members of Parliament .. With all this and the government covering up the accurate statistics on the spread of the Corona virus in Iran.  …
Trump: “There is no reason to panic.” • Additional travel restrictions from Iran. • Do not travel to specific regions in Italy and South Korea affected by virus. • Avg American don’t need to wear masks. • Trump mtg w/big Pharma Mon, talks of vaccines.
Trump just said his administration has taken the most aggressive action to confront the #coronavirus. The same Trump who classified this deadly virus as a hoax & Democratic hysteria. Someone just died and he said don't panic. This is documented bullshit.
Liverpool were worried about the corona virus when the real threat was Sarrs
The two people addressing our country: 1 who called the virus a "hoax" last night 1 who let LGBTQ people die in his state while he "prayed" for guidance Get some grown-ups in charge!
Ali Khamenei, Hassan Rouhani, other regime leaders and  are responsible for the unprecedented outbreak of COVID-19 and the deaths of hundreds of Iranians. They prevent the disclosure of the actual death toll and the number of those contracting the virus #Iran
The administration is also issuing a do-not-travel advisory for areas in Italy and South Korea most affected by the virus. The only new ban so far is re Iran.
Oh, they know precisely what they're doing. They know that in order for him to not act like the speed freak he is, theyve gotta stuff his gullet full of downers to keep him from screaming about virus as a hoax, which - REMINDER TO THE AMERICAN PRESS - he *just* said last night.
"I can't believe our good fortune, sir. But this virus is going to allow us to be more racist."
VP Pence on travel restrictions to limit virus exposure: We are already restricting travel from Iran and it’s been expanded to include anyone who has recently traveled to Iran.
I must say, as a healthy person, I’m not cool with “going through a process” to be “fine.” Are there any non-dumbfucks around who can talk to us about this virus like an educated grownup?
The Corona Virus for hit Anfield soon. Kwasia team sei....
Think you have "Good Health Insurance"? So did I until I needed to use it. I had caught a virus and lost the hydration battle so my husband brought me in for IV fluids and zofran. I have  about my care, but was surprised by my bill for an in-network visit. 1/
Lol. Bernie is like a pandemic virus now 
trump says we have 43 million masks, and  and a virus will be here soon. This is all bull. He’s got nothing and is  lost. He wants the media and politicians not to incite panic in other words, shut up.
China on the #coronavirus : We'll build two hospitals in a week and quarantine an entire province, work closely with the WHO US:  the virus the rich get a tax cut while anyone who thinks they have symptoms will be charged $3500 to get tested  …
Three patients in the U.S. have been infected by the new virus through unknown means. 
A pending pandemic, it’s now a deadly virus in America, and all he does is lie, spin, make shit up, and pat himself on the back.
Apparently the caravan has morphed into a virus in an effort to cross the border.
Floods - Yorkshire Tea. Javid Speech - Mogg & crisps #Brexit shambles - Corona virus Patel unfit - baby. (For which best wishes) Call me a cynic.
Just after @realDonaldTrump called the #coronavirus a hoax, the virus claimed its first American fatality. Now Trump is claiming that we are prepared to deal with the spread of this virus when there is NO FUCKING PLAN.
He just said the administration is trying to manage this virus "under quite adverse circumstances." What are those circumstances and how can he reconcile that with his claim last night that it's a hoax?
Maybe Mike Pence can eye-fuck the virus to death, you know, when he’s done with the back of Trump’s head.
UPDATE: President Trump announces first American death from Corona Virus. We're struck by his demeanor, his most  delivery of the news. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your humanity, your leadership, your concern and love for your country and 
How many  have this problem? Nancy Pelosi's district is GROUND ZERO for a Corona Virus epidemic because it's the most UNSANITARY place in AMERICA. POOP still a GROWING problem on San Francisco sidewalks | The Sacramento Bee  …
If you actually watched the entire rally @Milbank & had a decent working brain, you’d understand he was referring to the way MSM was BLAMING HIM for the virus. Things like #TrumpVirus etc whixh IS a hoax. But by all means, continue proving his point w your Fake News &  …
President Trump says the coronavirus task force met today for two and a half hours and came up with “edicts” for handling the virus. “Our country is prepared for any circumstance,” he says.
Heavenly Father, We’re gathering here today to ask for Your hand of mercy upon people with the #coronavirus. Please help them to heal quickly  Weaken the virus to stop its spread across the globe. Protect our loved ones and neighbors from getting it. In Jesus’ name
ANYONE WATCHING TRUMP NOW SHOULD BE SERIOUSLY CONCERNED! TRUMP CONTINUES TO MISSTATE NUMBER OF INFECTED WHICH STANDS AT OVER 60!! TRUMP IS ENDANGERING ALL BY DOWNPLAYING THE SERIOUS AND POSSIBLY CRITICALLY FATAL CONSEQUENCES OF THE VIRUS! TRUMP IS IN DIRECT OPPOSITION TO EXPERTS!
Coronavirus. Tough one. the Corona ... virus. 22 people. 1 passed away. Wonderful person. Let go in the home. Additional cases but healthy people should recover healthy people healthy be fine aggressive action we moved early great decision lifesaver  out of china...
Novel Coronavirus (COVID19) is not serious for most people, the chance of being in contact with the virus is currently low in the UK.  
Corona virus is bad but SARRS has just wiped out half of Liverpool
The atomic-level structure of the spike protein of the novel #coronavirus has been determined in a new Science paper, which may inform efforts to design a precision vaccine against the virus and efforts to design antivirals. Learn more:  
I REFUSE TO MAKE ANY JOKES ABOUT A VIRUS KILLING PEOPLE
Nancy Pelosi has done NOTHING to control the human waste incidents in her district, which increased 500% from 2011-2018. And it's MUCH WORSE now! Public poop is one way to spread the CORONA VIRUS, but she has the temerity to criticize our PRESIDENT? 
The virus is real; the president is a hoax
Trump said 22 people in the U.S. have the corona virus and 1 has died
Population of California: 40,000,000 Number of #coronavirus test kits: 200 The Trump administration is negligent  in the spread of this virus. More should have been done at the start of the outbreak in China months ago. #TrumpVirus
this man who is talking on tv about the work being done on the virus, he looks very similar to the guy I saw on tv tonight calling it a hoax
President Trump is spreading dangerous lies about this deadly virus. Coronavirus is not a hoax and it is not a partisan pathogen. Trump needs to take this seriously, stop using it as a political weapon, and understand that it’s a threat to all Americans.  …
"The Corona Virus has officially hit Oregon. More specifically Lake Oswego...Make sure y’all washing y’all hands with soap for 20 or more seconds & covering ya mouths when you cough. I am officially taking a break from signing autographs until further notice. Sincerely, CJ" 
U r asleep if U don’t recognize this #Virus is an attempt 2 damage #US #Markets - #China is crippling, desperate to regain strength. GO #American MADE! @SecPompeo @SecretaryRoss @GOPLeader ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦  …
Maybe I'm missing something but 74 deaths from the flu in Washington state in 2019-2020 flu season is not a story but one death from corona virus in Washington state is a panic.  …  
Can someone please explain to me what the f*** he is talking about he's not even talking about the virus
Liberalism: Drum up fake fear over a virus, just like they did with Ebola. Bill Maher- "Trump will declare martial law over Corona virus." Seriously... WHAT?? It's all FAKE NEWS!  …
Trump is not installing confidence by devoting his Coronavirus press conference all to discussing Afghanistan. The virus is clearly an afterthought to him.
WTF!!! Trump was supposed to talk about Coronavirus and first American who died from the virus. But instead he opens conference by bragging about his so called peace deal with Afghanistan!! Does anyone really want 4 more years of a guy who is more focused on himself than us?!
CAIR is Hamas. Everyone paying close attention knows this. So why do we allow CAIR to exist in the US? Nothing like self injecting a lethal virus...  …
Any chance that the announcement of Johnson’s nth offspring &  royal wedding is timed to take  crimes/no-deal/general disaster etc off the news?
cate twiddor may not kno but I (willow) get ulcers on mine tongue sumtimes becus of an chronic virus I has. it hurt to clean mineself n eat sumtimes wif it. I has medicins but they donot go away easy. so when im clean mineself my mombe get vary happy n take many pictures n videos 
The Corona Virus is spread by fecal matter. And Nancy Pelosi's district is covered in it. FLASHBACK: San Francisco's public-poop problem is worse than ever - Business Insider  …
The biggest virus is called crapolaVirus and its living in the White House 
I started a conversation about the Coronavirus on the @3SixtyGsG watsup group of the top 50 executive on the Corona virus. We have 5 Medical Doctors 3 Pharamcaists and a 2 scientists and it is . We should be the Cabinet. The 5 CA's are quiet though. I am just bragging
Good evening all. The COVID-19 virus marches on, claiming more lives. I still feel that we are not being told the whole story. And wow! Breaking News, well the BBC thinks so.....Boris and his fiancée have a announced a baby is  Image: In a hazy sky, the Moon and Venus. 
“No virus. You’re the virus."
P.S. Get Over The Corona Virus Fear Already! Yeah, It’s A Virus, Yes Sadly Ppl Died & Are Dying, But Trust Ur God Above & Ur President @realDonaldTrump He Placed In The White House 2 Lead&Fight4U! Salute God Bless & Remember Satan Is All About Fear! Not Our God #WWG1WGA 
LA next week and if I end up contracting the corona virus, you best know I’m suing the fuck outta everyone responsible once I’m dead
THIS IS NOT NORMAL!! Steven Miller's new wife is in charge of of approving all Corona   …
This means we will soon, within  week, have the ability to get results back in a matter of hours, not days. Quick detection is vital to stopping the spread of the virus, and this development will help the experts do their job to protect New Yorkers.
I'll be on the front line of this virus, as I work directly with critically ill flu patients who end up in ICU. The feeling among my colleagues is one of measured preparedness. There is no general sense of fear or hysteria amongst us, even though we are likeliest to get exposed.
Based on this tweet and  as a country, it seems we are on the precipice of an impending disaster....far beyond one related to any virus. Perhaps the country could use a more capable leader versus one who sows constant chaos and confusion.  …
Only this administration would exploit a pandemic to carry on enacting its garbage agenda by closing a border with Mexico for a virus not at  from Mexico.  …
There is a virus in the woods. For some people, the virus is easy to see. Others don't see it at all. Some say the virus is tame. Others say it's vicious and dangerous. Since no one can really be sure who's right, isn't it smart to be as strong as the virus? If there is a virus.
The facts: Those without symptoms of #CoronaVirus are still contagious. Its one way the virus can spread so everyone shld wash hands regularly, avoid shaking hands. Wioe off surfaces with disinfectant wipes (at least 60% alcohol) at restaurants, on trains, planes. Offices.  …
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
BUCKLE UP FOLKS The Virus Volume just got cranked to the max. Only 2 questions..... 1. How many have died from the regular flu?? 2. How many shot in Chicago in the last 4 days..?????? Asking for some friends
One of the new cases in Washington state is a high-school student who has no known travel history. The virus is spreading while our government fiddles. The government is corrupt and unfit for this crisis.  …
Here is Trump last night despicably calling the Coronavirus a "hoax" and then he lies by saying Democrats wants "open borders" which he claims is spreading the virus. Does anyone really want four more years of this BS?!!! 
Considering where the virus is strongest at the moment, I'd think Mexico would be imposing entry restrictions on Americans and not the other way around. Restrictions on Italy and South Korea make sense at least.
American media: Let’s keep our 2,000 mile border unchecked while a deadly virus is spreading around the world because that’s the Woke thing to do.
Good illustration of why this virus is so hard to control: Guy felt fine and had no fever in Japan, sat in “uninfected” section of evac plane, got sick mid-flight, moved to “infected” section, tested positive and quarantined after landing in U.S.  …
Tax cuts. Shutting down the border to Mexico. That’s their response to this virus. This was also going to be their response to Parasite winning best picture.
Vaccine industry is corrupt. I think the Chinese Corona Virus is real, but is economic warfare by the LEFT & to divert taxPAYER border wall funding on a vaccine that will be used as “treatment”. Follow the money, the race for vaccines is on! 
Baby announcement from number 10 very convenient for the Sunday papers - perhaps to kick Corona virus, floods and Priti Problems off the front pages don’t you think? #Corvid19 #PritiPatel #Rutnam
The Corona Virus won’t last long because it was made in China
Perhaps this is why Trump hasn’t started his “hoax” propaganda yet. As fears grow about how the virus is spread, first US death from coronavirus confirmed in King County, Washington state. Washington state confirms first US death from coronavirus  …?
Breaking: A Washington state resident who contracted the coronavirus has died. The death is believd to be the first in the U.S. due to the virus  …
I don't normally quote @brianstelter, but as he just accurately said: fear is a virus as well
Look away. Bonking Boris is not the story. The story is the fate of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, suspected of contracting Corona virus in an Iranian jail, has been let down by Johnson.
GRABBER IS ABOUT TO COME ON FOR A WH PRESS CONFERENCE ON THE VIRUS. WE NEED JUST ONE JOURNALIST TO ASK HIM IF HE STILL THINKS THE CORONA VIRUS IS STILL A HOAX AFTER A DEATH IN WASHINGTON. JUST ONE.
Once again, this is why MAGA officials are never to be trusted. Ever. Their insidious lies are just as dangerous if not more dangerous than any virus. If you believe this is a hoax, you’re a moron.  …
I dont think it is any coincidence the two places Corona Virus is hitting the most are Seattle and San Francisco. Two cities known for its thousands of homeless, needles, and feces.  …
Man in Washington state  first in U.S. to die from new virus  
Army Reserve leadership continues to closely monitor the Coronavirus/COVID-19 outbreak. For the latest information on the virus, visit the CDC website at:  …  
CORONA virus... sWINE flu... what if it’s all a scam created by Big Whiskey to kill  What’s next, chamPAIN
Indicators that suggested we were headed for recession well ahead of #COVID19: Macro Composite Cycle Risk Index ISM MPI CEO conf. Peak consumer conf. JOLTS/NFIB job openings Freight volumes YC inversion The virus is rubbing salt on a flesh wound. Ping me for a MUCH longer list.
I am spreading the WHO website link to everyone who wants facts about this virus! 
The Corona Virus is the BIGGEST HOAX the world has seen since I founded Trump University! #MAGA
BREAKING: A person in Washington state has died of coronavirus, federal and county health officials confirmed - this is the first death in the United States from the virus  …
I am deeply enraged and ashamed that our healthcare system has done nothing to prepare for this virus and waited to be led by Trump. Trump?!,
Why is the president holding a second press conference on the coronavirus if the virus is Democrats' "new hoax," as he falsely claims?
Donald Trump calls #coronavirus “a political hoax”. Meanwhile Washington announces the first death in the United States from the virus.
President Trump will be speaking at CPAC later today. How long will it be before the nasty Democrats start to say that he shouldn't be campaigning or speaking anymore while people are getting sick with the virus? 
CRIMINAL TRUMP is the most dangerous virus in this life 
Dear God, Whatever this Corona Virus is, please spare #Malawi. Amen.
Serious response: Why? There’s no public data showing that Mexico is a source of the virus. They just confirmed their second case. Unserious response: Finally containing Coronas.  …
Yes, the DS deliberately weaponized vaccines with HIV virus to genocide the mass population!  …
A late night update on the ongoing #coronavirus affair in the #UAETour, Abu Dhabi: The team has been briefed that the virus tests turned NEGATIVE and we will all be heading in the next couple of days to our countries. Relieved. 
I don't know if you're watching Fox. But they are interviewing a man with the virus, and he just spilled the beans. He said he feels great, said it was no more than  cold, and if you wasn't quarantined he could have went back to work the next day. He still on right now.
The virus is much more likely to go from the United States to Mexico, but the neo-Nazis that make up today’s GOP don’t actually care about facts as much as they do about causing human misery.  …
Saddened to learn of first death from #COVID19 in the United States. Still so much to learn about this virus, but it’s clear we should be taking proactive measures now both in the U.S. and globally to prevent further spread. 
I remember reading about a policy solution for this kind of ongoing problem but then the media called it socialist & scared me so now let's propose setting up tax deferred virus testing savings accounts to offset market indicators of pandemic response failure. #MedicareForAll
Kim warns of 'serious consequences' if virus reaches North Korea North Korea has banned tourists, suspended international trains and flights and placed hundreds of foreigners in quarantine to prevent an outbreak  …
People on US soil are now dying from the virus that Trump insisted yesterday was a hoax.  …
Mexico should be closing us out. We're the ones who aren't testing for the virus.
If the virus is just a hoax ...then trump should go visit some patients and embrace them.
“The confirmation of these new cases may actually be somewhat delayed, in part because there was an initial backlog in testing for the virus within the U.S.”  …
What we need is not fear mongering but honesty. If you handle a venomous snake, it’s not fear inducing to explain risks and best way to handle a bite. It’s facts. Minimizing risks and danger of this virus under the heading of “calming” the public is irresponsible.
#Coronaviruses use a “spike” protein to bind to a host’s cells. This protein gives the virus a crown-like appearance, which is where it gets the “corona” in its name.  …
I won the Italian tournament #Onlythebest for #MortalKombat11 !! I wish there was no fear of the virus so more players could attend Also I made it to top16 for tomorrow for Tekken!!! Busy day!! Cya tomorrow 
If the virus causes a financial crisis, which I see as a real possibility, people won’t be selling because they are scared or because they want to buy lower. They will be selling because they need whatever cash they can get. That’s what a real crash looks like.
Yesterday President Trump called Coronavirus a hoax. Today we have our first death due to the very REAL VIRUS. ⁦ @RepTedLieu⁩ ⁦ @RepKarenBass⁩ ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦ King County, Washington, confirms first coronavirus death in  …
Ministers of this other country are active on social media. Post lots of pictures but delivery is close to zero. Pics with IMF, at Stadiums at Hospitals but ask what they have achieved. CAF not happy, IMF says country is off course. Corona virus scares doctors 
So China, France and Iran all are dealing with the Coronavirus huh? They just happen to be 3 countries dealing with massive civil unrest at the moment. Just a coincidence I guess! Coronavirus: France bans large indoors gatherings in bid to curb virus -  …
DO NOT get your information from the White House on Corona Virus. Get your information from: the WHO the CDC medical experts from around the world medical experts in your state
In addition, @JoeBiden is the best one to fight the Corona virus bc he can get international cooperation to end this epidemic, even from China. #Biden2020  …
I suggested that she do it because I meant it. Thank you. No one can speak about this  with the spooked markets as effectively as Elizabeth Warren. She’s a United States senator. Yes she is running, but most people are focused on this virus right now.  …
I want to change my handle name to Corona virus Hope y'all won't unfollow me?
So corona virus will pack her loads and return back to China after watching this, right? 
“It is a sad day in our state as we learn that a Washingtonian has died from COVID-19. Our hearts go out to his family and friends. We will continue to work toward a day where no one dies from this virus.” - statement from @GovInslee. @KIRO7Seattle #COVID19 
Yes he will. 1. I ended the Afghan war. 2. South Carolina loves me. 3. Dem's using politics w virus 4. Bring on Bernie 5. Tax cuts for all 6. Now is the time to invest 7. Pence will whiteboard away the virus. 8.Paula y Pence prayer service at 6pm.
God, please take care of this nation and other nations affected by this virus. Send your angels to protect us. Amen.
Trump last night in SC was touting fact that there were no deaths from the virus in the US  …
Trump called accusations that he mishandled the coronavirus a hoax, not the virus itself. That’s nonsense—he cut the NSC’s pandemic response team, which would’ve been really useful now, among other things—but still, be accurate. It’s not hard to criticize Trump with accurate info
#BREAKING:So as #Trump is busy calling#coronavirus a #HOAX at his rallies, we now have the first confirmed Corona virus DEATH in the U.S. OH BOY!! #TheResistance #coronavirusoutbreak #CNN #MSNBC #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #SaturdayThoughts  …
Two words: Spring Break. How many plans are getting canceled because of the cor0na virus? My guess? A LOT.
BREAKING NEWS, ONE DEAD FROM COVID-19, Confirmed by WA. State just now, DT to speak in few mins. I wonder if he will ignore the DEATH and still call the VIRUS a HOAX? I an quite sure the DEAD PERSON BELIEVES ITS VERY REAL...SO DO I... #BlueWave2020
The concern over containing the virus at the southern U.S.  as the Trump administration also weighs possible restrictions on the entry of travelers from South Korea, Italy and Japan
Officials in Washington state have confirmed that a person has died of COVID-19. This is the first death from the virus in the US:  
hope y’all know she was 93 This virus can easily kill elderly and infants. Lot harder to kill middle age people
I have been in contact with an Italian club for the purpose of interviewing a Nigerian player. We agreed two weeks ago that I send a mail this week telling them when I want to be there. Because of this corona virus I no even reply sef. Make Interview wait Abeg..
If all these countries were equally under the threat of corona virus, which one would you rather be in to protect yourself and your family?
Trump did not say that the Coronavirus was a hoax at the rally! He said that the fake news and Democrats were ramping it up to drive down the stock market and economy right before the election! Interesting how this whole virus came about as Trump was about to be acquitted!
Two months from now we will be saying...remember the corona virus?
The virus itself isn't a hoax. The panic being generated by the left and the media is the hoax.
JUST IN: The Washington Department of Health confirms one person has died from the 2019 novel coronavirus in the state. This is the first known death of the virus in the U.S.  …
Those Republicans who say we are “politicizing” the virus abd trumps ignorance of all things medical. Yes we are. This is when you rely on our politicians to not be idiots and ignore medical facts. trump is a buffoon and he will cost lives
BREAKING: A person in Washington state has died of coronavirus, health officials there confirm — marking the first death in the United States from the virus  …
"The normal rhythms of the city are now punctuated by incessant virus-related announcements: emergency e-mails, stern notices on the bulletin board, and urgent WhatsApp messages from the government." 
A public health response that does not offer free testing has no chance of containing the virus. A public health response that does not offer waived deductibles has not chance of mitigating the virus #coronavirus #COVID19US
Do we know where the anti vaxxers are positioning themselves re a corona virus vaccine search? I’m afraid to look.
I find this suspect considering shortly after the "first" person with this virus was named, they kept reporting the person was fine, in no present danger, ie 'cured'. Today, reporting they are dead?  …
POTUS has told aides that Azar and others have an "alarmist" view of the virus. He has wanted little to do with providing information about it himself, according to multiple officials. But watching others deliver info, he has the impulse to put himself in front of the podium.
Putting the coronavirus to use. Companies, their politicians, and stock markets rush to hide their own errors and weaknesses by hyping and blaming the virus.
BREAKING: First Corona virus death in Washington State. Still think this is a hoax @realDonaldTrump
Trump: “Whether it’s the virus that we’re talking about, or the many other public health threats, the Democrat policy of open borders is a direct threat to the health and wellbeing of all Americans.” He is positioning migrants as an immediate threat to the survival of Americans.
And so it begins, it all begins now. Ask this deceased person's family if they think the COVID-19 virus is a Democratic hoax like Trump told his flock last night. Washington State Health Officials Say 1 Person Has Died From New Virus; First Person to Die From Disease in US
Trying to understand what a corona-virus 
If you want to infect people you don't like with a deadly virus, you may want to consider that you are actually the bad guy.  …
My Immune System is  I'm worried about this virus and it's possible effects on me. I worry for all who suffer from chronic disease  immune systems. They have the most to worry about with this administration that calls it a hoax  …
Fricking rallies? The country is in panic mode with the virus and the economy. Where is dumb shit? Holding rallies. No end to his idiocy
Craziest conspiracy theories you’ve heard so about the Corona-virus. Ready go.
Coronavirus Updates: First Death in U.S. Confirmed In Seattle Area The  as unexplained new cases in Washington State, Oregon and California suggest local, person-to-person spread of the virus in the United States.  …
Corona virus testing is the best way to prevent it's spread. South Korea has drive through virus testing: Did 30,000 last week So far, Ontario Canada did 639. The entire U.S. did 445. Trump said Wednesday, " We are testing everyone we need to test."
My Uber was asking me if I was afraid of him cuz so many passengers have asked if he’s from China or if he has the corona virus... Y’all r sick & I know y’all wouldn’t b treating folxs like this if they were European We had a good talk on racism & orientalism tho(he’s Chinese
This is not what I heard the President say last night at the Trump Rally. The President said the Democrats and the Media would use the Virus as a political hoax and that’s exactly what they are doing.
WARNING! Latest update on the Corona virus is it can be passed on £20 notes , so as I’m so helpful please put all twenties in an envelope and I will collect and dispose of them safely I’m offering this service free of charge cos I’m such a nice bloke .
I'm more worried about a stock market crash, a collapse in supply chains, and a socialist being elected president. Not technically Wuhan virus, but related.
Study findings suggest that at least a proportion of recovered patients still may be #COVID19 virus carriers 
I'm fearful of the climate virus! 
SEATTLE (AP) -- Washington state health officials say 1 person has died from new virus; first person to die from disease in US. #covid19
Corona Virus deaths in mainland China sky rocket to .00021% roughly the same odds as getting hit by an asteroid while winning the lottery
I’m not worried of the virus itself, but of the panic it could cause (no food in markets)
Now we know this virus has been incubating here in America for at least a couple weeks now and we are now seeing the spread begin.
tRump Admin Is All Over The Virus!! 
To the people about to say 'yeah but 30K die of the flu every year': Please understand the difference between linear and exponential risks. This virus is ~3 months old. No one has immunity. There is no vaccine. It's CFR may be 20-40 times higher than the flu's. 15% get pneumonia.
Corona virus. Presidential primary madness. Svend would just prefer to stare at the squirrels. 
proof that TDS is the most deadly virus infecting America and there is no cure in sight.  …
BREAKING: Washington state health officials say one person has died from new virus; first person to die from disease in US. 
The fatality marks the first death associated with the virus in the U.S. 
Look at us humans being egotistical about diseases as if we aren’t a contagious virus to this planet. Look at all we have done to destroy her!
25/ The sad truth—which Trump would understand if he were even slightly more human—is that no one will/should blame him for the Coronavirus, or for economic or other fallout from the virus. He'll be blamed—instead—for any lying, inaction or  that *worsens* the crisis.
Corona virus will spread irreversibly soon. D main way to get infected is thru money bills. Collect all ur notes with gloves and place them in a sealed envelope outside your door. 2morow morning I'll arrive to collect d envelopes. I do it for public health. No need to thank me
And now, the first reported US #coronavirus death. Coupled with news of cases in #Italy topping 1,000, this is likely to amplify unsettling uncertainties about about the spread and consequences of this virus -- leading risk averse/neutral people to curtail lots of activities.  …
just a friendly reminder you should also wash your hands when there’s not a mass-hysteria virus panic
When watch Trump press conf today remember that On Feb 10 with Coronavirus ravaging parts of China, Trump was asked about his plan to address it. He told us not to worry because the virus "goes away in April with the heat." This is one of the most horrific mistakes in US history 
Why isn’t anyone discussing Illegal Chinese  to the US via the Mexico Border? Mexico has only 2 cases of Corona virus w so many  in. What r we doing to stop this? Shut down the border & protect Americans from this virus taking over 
In case you missed it *Ms. Warren how do you plan to fight #COVID19 ? *Easy. I will leave our borders open to the virus and spend money on selling you the vaccine instead. (paraphrasing) 
Who is stupider, the “38% of Americans that wouldn’t buy Corona beer ‘under any circumstances’ because of the coronavirus” that on Friday morning, CNN tweeted about, or Trump's evangelical supporters who believe Trump when he says that the virus is "a new Democratic Party hoax"?
NYT Health Reporter: Experts Believe “One Third of Congress Will Get Virus, Will Have to Shut-Down Congress”  … via @NicoleJames
23/ For instance, the Coronavirus raises into even higher relief the fact that we *all* depend upon—and are affected by—the medical treatment received by our neighbors. In a nation with many millions of uninsured persons, a major virus is far *more* likely to spread far and wide.
Hain!! Virus incubation HQs infected by another virus!!  …
Let’s not let an extremely timely baby announcement distract from a minister bullying and briefing against her civil servants and a prime minister who can’t be bothered to have a COBRA meeting until after his weekend on a potential pandemic virus....  …
Imagine if our government responded to gun violence like they do a virus. Gun violence kills more people.
Add forced racism. Who said coronavirus belongs to China? Also add forced in-humaneness. They’re implying that as long as the virus remains in China, everyone should be okay with it
Fears of coronavirus are prompting soccer teams to play in empty stadiums in Italy. If the virus spreads, it's not hard to imagine the presidential campaign looking much the same  …
Washington reports first corona virus death #BREAKING
If being ugly is a disease, than I am Corona Virus.
Here’s the video. @realDonaldTrump clearly says the Democrats’ politicization of & attempts to weaponize the coronavirus is “the new hoax.” He does not call the virus itself a hoax. And all media and pundits saying otherwise are proving POTUS’s point. 
President @realDonaldTrump took early steps in response to the coronavirus. We survived exit from the Paris Climate Accord, the repeal of Net Neutrality, the 2017 tax cuts, & WWIII Don't believe the Dems doomsday spin as they try to politicize this virus.
Most of these viruses originating in Third World countries just like H1N1 virus originated in Mexico brought here by illegals to California.
U.S. Reports First Death in Washington State: Virus Update  …
Only 4 new cases outside Wuhan. Assuming China isn’t lying it looks like things are mostly under control. It appears the two week quarantine & local precautions have helped to slow the spread of the virus. Italy & Iran should take similar containment measures. 
#borisbaby Cummings "It's all going to shit: Patel swearing at officials, floods & you not calling Cobra mtg to talk virus till Mon. Only thing 2do now is for you to have a baby - the Brit public are stupid & they'll just focus on that.." #BorisJohnson "What? A baby with Patel?" 
Professor Sam McConkey, Associate Professor of International Health/Tropical Medicine at RCSI said the urgency of Covid-19, merits the cessation of government formation talks & for political leaders to instead focus on national planning to deal with an outbreak of the virus here.
Just a thought. If a million people died overnight in Canada from the corona virus and the only vaccine we had available was on a CN train would Trudeau remove the blockade? I say no. Am I wrong? P.S. I hate Trudeau.
JUST IN | New York state’s test for the coronavirus has won approval from the feds, a decision that could help health officials identify possible cases of the fast-spreading virus, Gov. Cuomo announced. 
Have you noticed The Dems which are the party of open borders, heroin needles, public indecency, sanctuary cities are suddenly concerned about a virus The only virus that’s a threat to this country is the DemonRats #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
The overreaction to the virus and the media's attempt at framing the administration as unprepared to respond is the hoax. You have to actually pay attention to what is said so that you can be outraged about the right thing, Karen.
The Communist Left Believes That The Corona Virus Is President Trump's Fault & Along With Their Mouthpiece The Communist Media Are Trying To Create A False Narrative That In Their Minds Will Cause Trump To Lose The 2020 Elections..WHAT SAY YOU?..I'll Post Your Responses..Retwitt!
Corona virus is the new y2k
I've heard the one small benefit might be to train yourself to touch your face less. Even N95 masks are like a sieve of water-- the virus is 1/3 the size of the holes.
So the president is going to give a press conference today. Maybe he has uncovered those dastardly demons who created a Corona virus hoax to hurt his perfect presidency!!
We told the whole world not to assign #TedrosAdhanom as a director of @WHO before he  #CoronaVirus to the whole world. Now, the world learned the hard way. Lets sign a petition before he  another deadly #virus.  … 
We are closely monitoring the COVID-19 outbreak and are in regular contact with @CDCgov & @WHO. For more info on the virus & tips on staying healthy, visit: 
Does anyone think he's changed his tone and  presidential since calling the virus "the new #hoax" last  …
16/ And of course there's the big enchilada—the possibility the inadvisability of huge gatherings of people will make it impossible to hold Election Day in November 2020. Even if the virus recedes slightly in summer, historically we'd expect it to return with a vengeance in fall.
I believe him when he said this virus will disappear, it will be a miracle. I’ve never felt anything so strongly that there’s something fishy about this entire “illness”.
Please, no more stories about corona positive patients who don't give a damn that people around them are dying from the virus bc they feel OK.
Seems a new deadly virus is released every American election cycle. SARS ———2004 AVIAN———2008 SWINE———2010 MERS———-2012 EBOLA———2014 ZIKA————2016 EBOLA———2018 CORONA——2020 Coincidences? NEVER
He is saying that their new hoax is that he hasn’t done enough and his response has been to weak not that the virus is a hoax Context matters
The President said the actual hoax is the hysteria-inducing railing about our government’s response, not the virus itself. This superb example of willful, malicious dishonesty proves exactly the President’s point. People lie about the virus situation for political reasons.  …
Yes the dems paid every country to say they have cases of coronavirus Yes the dems paid people to die of the virus Yes paid to spread the virus Wow we are powerful OR TRUMP AND GOP ARE LYING THEIR ASS OFF TO COVER TRUMP KNOWING TWO MONTHS AGO AND DOING NOTHING.
i’m risking it all in the name of research!! I’ll take 1 corona virus and 1 lyme disease please  
It's like FG have used our nysc money on Corona virus Cus I don't understand what's going on with the alert delay.
Those masks  useless. Think of it this way: those surgical masks are like barbed wire and the coronavirus is like a swarm of mosquitos. Is the barbed wire going to stop the mosquitos? No. The mask will stop water droplets that carry the virus, but not the virus.
No jerk He said the politicization of the virus is wrong and is a hoax rewind the tape and listen to it if you don't believe me Good grief Stop spewing lies
Corona virus threatens the whole world. Shouldn't the world think of measures to eradicate it? WHO has no idea about the disease ?? 
Yes! And we need acts of kindness to soread more quickly than any virus can!
infected with coronavirus? just say no! the virus cannot legally enter your body without your consent.
The Corona beer/Coronavirus joke is what will kill us, not the actual virus itself
Bill Gates is obsessed with overpopulation. Just 2 weeks before the Coronavirus broke out in China, he ran a simulation of a deadly pandemic breaking out in that country. Now he enthusiastically supports the virus. Suspicious? I'd say so.  …
World Health Organisation @WHO needs to intervene urgently. Videos of pro-regime people urging even their own children to lick the #CoronaVirus infested shrines are surfacing. Not only is this child abuse, but it's also helping the virus spread Iran and to other countries. 
Lebanon has so far registered seven cases of the virus. 
Trump tells supporters the coronavirus is "a hoax" but Trump admin now cancels summit scheduled for next month because of the virus. So Trump protects himself and his admin but tells your family nothing to worry about  …
This is massively dishonest. Trump says the media’s hysteria-inducing coverage of the government response is the hoax, not the virus itself. Willful and malicious dishonesty.  …
How about we all just calm down a bit until we see clear data on the impact the spread of the virus is having. Right now the unknown is what’s stoking fear. The US has survived terror atracks, the Great Recession, and other challenges. We’ve got this.  …
Trump could be right. Maybe the threat of this virus has been greatly exaggerated.  …
Hope at a minimum the virus issue catalyzes a soap campaign in China so that 99% public bathrooms will always have hand soap filled 99% of the time. If China can have a toilet revolution, hand soap revolution should be a lot easier.
The first case of the virus in Oregon is in the city my daughter works and lives. Scary stuff.
Really useful, particularly the list (towards the end) of websites to go to for RELIABLE information about the virus and related issues. Thanks to this legislator for doing the right thing!  …
Those of you avoiding any Chinese food during the corona virus outbreak are dumb. I would call you stupid but I don’t want to confuse you with a two syllable word.
Researchers at UT Austin created a 3D scale map of the portion of the coronavirus that attaches to human cells, leading to a possible breakthrough in developing a vaccine for the virus that has infected more than 80,000 people across the world. 
I heard from news that we should avoid hand shaking and hugging to prevent the spread of Corona virus. So fam stop texting me and as well. Let's not bring the virus on this Street
Trump will have press conference at 1:30PM on the Coronavirus-will he call virus a hoax last he said last night? Will he repeat his son's vile lie that Democrats want millions to die? Will he use press event to repeat claim from last night that the virus is bc of "open borders"?
Sorry I should have been clearer when I said "do  Bernie Sanders to the Nazis you sound insane when you do that" I also meant "also no he's not the same thing as a virus are we hearing ourselves"
He knows that the virus will kill his re-election.
People quoting the mortality rate as fact are assuming that every single person in the world who has had cold symptoms has gotten tested for the virus. That assumption seems wildly fallacious.
Waiting for the  to pitch CBD as an anti-viral for the Corona Virus. Maybe delivered via infused mask? 
States to get test kits as White House amps up virus effort  … Trump administration signaled it may also invoke a 70-year-old defense law to guarantee the availability of protective gear should the virus spread.
I will also be mapping out Karona virus...Not aloud not aloud at all...PS bring a sharpie 
He called Nazis very fine people He called Black atheletes SOB's He called Hispanics Rapists He said Corona Virus is a Hoax All these talking points were pushed by Fake News and became mainstream because people nowadays are fkn stupid !
BREAKING: Italy's known coronavirus cases topped 1,000 Saturday, jumping from nearly zero is just over one week. The total number of infections is 1,128, with 29 possible virus-linked deaths, according to Italian Civil Protection chief Angelo Borelli's statement 
Nobody: Draper moms trying to stop the corona virus 
Mass media has been treating Bernie like a virus for a while, and they keep doing so more and more openly 
This strain of Coronavirus(Covid-19) is a lab created virus. I want you to do something quick. 1.Type the word "Covid" into Google translate from English to Hebrew. 2.Then copy & paste the Hebrew text back into Google translate from Hebrew back to English. WTF?!
This is going to be pure propaganda about how awesome he thinks he is at handling crisis, & he's only doing it because he's upset at all the attention the virus is getting. He's also likely jealous of the attention the Democrats (especially Biden) in South Carolina, are getting. 
The Left wants open borders. Anyone, from anywhere, carrying any kind of disease, can just walk into this country. The corona virus then  the way of life.. along with other diseases. So WHY is this virus an outrage w/them when they support open borders? Makes no sense.
I think the media needs to stop focusing on what the administration is saying about this virus (and how wrong & irresponsible said administration is), and just interview doctors.
Don’t wash your hands or your legs. Don’t believe in vaccines but you worried about a virus....whew! Stupid.
Idk who needs to hear this but you all need to be washing your hands regardless of a virus outbreak
I wish people were as scared of climate change as they are of the corona virus
Private jet operators are seeing a spike in demand as well-heeled travelers look to minimize their public exposure to the virus 
Khorramabad, W #Iran Authorities are using a pesticide sprayer used in farm fields to sterilize city roads. #coronavirus The  shown by regime officials is more reason why so many Iranians are dying of the virus  to other countries. 
We Pakistanis need to grow up, corona virus is no joke y’all make memes out of everything! This is something serious, may Allah keep all of us safe. Ameen.
I’m waiting (not hoping for) someone in Congress to have a close connection to someone who has the virus. THEN we might see something done to  the Trump/Pence propaganda hoax.
ITALY HAS 29 POSSIBLE VIRUS-LINKED DEATHS: EMERGENCY CHIEF 
Italys known coronavirus infections surpassed 1,000 on Saturday, skyrocketing from nearly zero in just over a week, the nation’s emergency chief Borrelli said.The total number of infections is 1,128, with 29 possible virus-linked deaths, the Italian Civil Protection official said
Now-a-days in whatsapp group: Corona virus k tootky
A Hong Kong coronavirus patient has revealed her pet dog has a “low level” of the virus, local health authorities confirmed Friday. 
Even with the threat of a virus! Think about that! 
Yesterday @CPAC, Mulvaney said the corona virus was a Dem hoax. Before congress, Pompeo wouldn’t answer if he thought it was a hoax. At your SC rally, you again said it was a Dem hoax. So why did you put Pence in charge of a Dem hoax? Clown! 
The shocking new coronavirus diagnosis that's the first known instance of the virus spreading among the general public was initially denied testing by the CDC, according to the California hospital housing the patient 
COV-19 is different from the virus in Tokoyo... imagine that.  
Absolutely fascinating details here on the #Iran/ #Lebanon/ #Hezbollah nexus re: COVID-19. Could the virus be #Iran’s #Chernobyl, the environmental disaster whose cover-up exposes faultlines that hasten demise of the regime?
ITALY HAS 1,128 CONFIRMED VIRUS CASES: EMERGENCY CHIEF
Here is the real Virus in America, and it isn't Trump!! 
Lots of brittle BBBs out there ready to join an already fragile junk bond market. Virus news continues to flood in & this market, despite last week's drop, could be facing another 10% drop next week if the Fed doesn't get bullied into to rescuing it. Hug someone you love today.
While others get swept up into the political maelstrom of partisan posturing, I’ll chose to focus on the very serious virus outbreak, inform myself and let science guide my actions. For someone who travels as much as I do, this pandemic is real.  …
Trump tells supporters the coronavirus is "a hoax" but Trump admin now cancels summit scheduled for next month because of the virus. So Trump protects himself and his admin but tells your family nothing to worry about  …
Even the red state of ND acknowledges that the virus is not a hoax. Your lies can't stop the truth from getting out.  …
My daughter, an art major, was having the time of her life, spending a semester abroad in Florence. The schools are bringing all of their students home. The corona virus is no hoax. Those two words should never be uttered in the same sentence.
I think he has the OmgImGonnaGoToJailcuzImaPedo-19 Virus  …
Given your pronouncement last night at your #Cult45 rally, we expect you'll be downplaying the threat of the virus and claiming we are heading toward zero infections. This, of course, is a lie.  …
We need briefings from credible medical experts and scientists, not from someone who thinks the virus is a hoax.
I see Israeli scientists are working on a vaccine for #coronavirus Only with antisemitism is the hate so twisted and strong that Israel isn't credited for trying to develop a cure but rather for being so evil they invented the virus deliberately in the first place. 
I just thought of a genius way to cure the corona virus 
In other countries, if they suspect you have the corona-virus, you are tested and quarantined. It's my understanding, under trump, you have to agree to pay $3,000 to be tested. Whose system do you like better?  …
Not that the virus-related deaths and stresses aren’t horrifying for those living in endemic places, of course. Just real surprise at how many people far from the outbreaks are like, “what is this hand washing you speak of”)
Mildly concerned how well @allahliker's frail elderly body will handle this virus.
"Israelis gathered at the Western Wall in Jerusalem to pray for an end to the Coronavirus, citing traditional prayers and Psalms and even singing and dancing" Now ....does it make sense to pray to the god who either sent the virus or could have stopped it?
4/ Fear of virus spreading to prisons with some cases reported. Families of dual national detainees & political prisoners say prison has no supply of masks/disinfectants & inmates falling ill.
Let's pray that Kim Jong himself catches Corona Virus . Only Divine Intervention can liberate Koreans from his tyranny.  …
So it's not hoax. Control the virus, not the message. #coronavirus
"Avoid kissing to limit c/virus spread"!Those are advices from France/Italy!Serious stuff,considering Italy was recently crowned best kissers in the world and France is where "French kiss"was born(?)King Henry of England banned kissing in1439 to fight plague!
Northern Italian schools, universities to stay closed because of virus: official  
Amir khan is concerned about corona virus outbreak which appreciable, but i want to remind him that his fellow muslims in Delhi are being killed, mosques are being vandalised, graveyards have been destroyed, dude speak for them too, they're also human beings, no one deserves this  …
#BREAKING McMaster University is reporting one of its student is in self-isolation awaiting test results for the COVID-19 virus, @jonjwells reports 
I survived original Four Lokos and plastic bottle vodka. No way in hell a virus named after a shitty beer is gonna take me out
So it's not a hoax? Or is it a developing hoax. Or are you developing a real virus to replace the hoax? Or are you hoaxing that there will be a press conference. So exhausting when the guy in charge is a serial liar.
The @realDonaldTrump Administration took unprecedented early steps in response to #coronavirus Don't believe the Dems false apocalyptic spin as they try to politicize this virus. Very sick politics! 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Christian 
Mike Pence believes in “intelligent design” and NOT evolution. Anyway, enjoy you virus.
*points out how badly the Trump admin is handling a potential crisis* Big Brain Trumpbots: “Theyre rooting for the virus!” I guess it makes sense that they like to project as much as their Dead Leader does.
Both of my local CVS stores were out of hand sanitizer. The corona virus is no joke man
2/ Hardliner social media activist Hamed Jalali Kashani died from the virus. He had said virus was "dirty work" of the West to spark low turnout in elections.
Fascism has spread faster and killed more people than corona virus.
If you ever drank out of the Kilgore Drinking fountain you are immune to the Corona Virus
@Imamofpeace Tomorrow the Iranian authorities will blame the Zionists and Americans for spreading the virus.
Show us evidence the virus was man-made. If you look at the nucleic acid sequence you'll quickly realize that there are no restriction endonuclease sites, which would be present if the virus was genetically manipulated.
Isn‘t it funny how everyone wants to “Go Viral“ until there’s an actual Virus around Like and RETWEET if you agree #coronavirus #goneviral #stayin #saturdaynight 
One minute you are in ring road Benin City, the next minute your photo is trending all over Obasanjo's Internet as patient zero for corona virus who is holding the government to ransom for 100mill
A message from Surrey's Director of Public Health: "I appreciate that news like this can be a cause for concern, so I would reassure everyone that Surrey County Council, together w @NHSuk & @PHE_uk is taking every necessary measure to help reduce the risk of the virus spreading."  …
This is a flat-out lie, liked by CNN's media watchdog, Brian Stelter. Trump called the politicizing of the viruses impact a hoax, not the virus itself, - which anyone with an IQ greater than their shoes size would note he both spoke to and assigned admin resources to address.
If corona virus really explodes, we're going to have to be ready for a massive response to jails and prisons. They will both: A) fail to protect imprisoned people by letting the disease spread and withholding medical care, AND B) weaponize quarantine as solitary
My children’s school district sent out information on limiting the spread of the virus and an action plan. This was on February 5th. The GOP administration still hasn’t been as thorough as a small public school district.
They should just stop this league, there is Corona virus.
Over 30 million Americans don’t have health insurance and many of those who do face high deductibles. People votes with their pockets and this virus *could* define the elections *if* it spreads.  …
C’mon people.... MSM is attempting to terrify us all with this virus... They’ve been “terrifying” us for 3+ years. What’s terrifying is that they still get paid for “terrifying” us. THIS IS GETTING OLD
Stocks, gold, and #Bitcoin all dumped this week, but where is the money actually going? Yield curve inversion, looming recession, and the global impact of the virus. Is #BTC really a safe haven asset? Global financial collapse, #crypto news and more!  
In the world of medicine, Iran surprised the whole world, including Western countries The first patient infected with the Karuna virus has recovered from the grace of Allah Lord Almighty in salaf Imam Raza ع s greeting.SubhanAllah 
The next time I get a screenshot of a Viber message saying that there is a case of Corona Virus in the Maldives, I’m posting the screenshot. You have to be responsible for your own words when you spread it regarding such serious matters. Please confirm news and then share!
That’s precisely why they’re doing it. Democrats want this virus to spread rapidly so they can simultaneously blame Trump & crash the economy.
Republicans need to decide if the virus is  hoax cooked up by Democrats or a real threat the Democrats are rooting for. Both conspiracies are laughably stupid but, Jesus, pick a lane, guys.  …
GDC is postponed because of Corona virus.. It feels that it would make sense now to think about “Virtual GDC” and similar events also made in VR to give chance everyone around the world to attend, meet friends and see news in our industry even in tough times or with little budget
If true, that makes it so dangerous. People who are asymptomatic but may actually have the virus but not feel ill, will go out and unknowingly spread it.
When asked for a response, the virus stated, "I don't understand why one pestilence would sue another. We contagions are generally supportive of each other."
Trump has been tweeting nonstop..... attacking Dem candidates, mocking news outlets, lying about the seriousness of the Coronavirus. Last night he told rally attendees that the virus is a hoax. Is our leadership on fire yet?? Republican lawmakers.... anybody listening 
There’s a sickness running thru the republican party and it ain’t the corona virus. This woman is severely ill and should be quarantined immediately.
Who is stupider the-- the “38% of Americans that wouldn’t buy Corona beer ‘under any circumstances’ because of the coronavirus” that on Friday morning, CNN tweeted about or Trump's evangelical supporters who believe Trump when he says the virus is "a new Democratic Party hoax"?
The last time #nufc scored, the UK was in the European Union and no-one had ever heard of the corona virus.
Let the republican senators up for re-election know what you think about trump and them saying the corona-virus is a hoax. Here is a list with their email links  …
Y’all. YALL. The test don’t even work. The US declined to use the WHO’s virus test (that actually works) that other countries use so they could make their own & charge $$$for it...AND IT DOESNT EVEN WORK
If the virus spreads in the US, Trump will pay dearly for it. Sanders, assuming he wins the nomination, would then have much higher odds of  president. Americans would want a President who promises free health care for all.  …
**CORONA VIRUS UPDATE - CASE REPORTED IN HERTS** A case of covid-19 has been diagnosed in Hertfordshire. Herts MPs have received a briefing from the director of public health and public health england. The briefing is below. #coronavirus 
This is how a virus works! Where will these numbers be in two weeks? See a week ago! How many more countries will see this type of exponential growth rate? (Europe less Italy, and Middle-East less Iran are beginning to show the same. But it has only been 3 or 4 days). 
Based on reports from inside #Iran, the #MEK announced that the no of fatilities due to #Coronavirus ( #COVID-19) exceeds 300. In Qom at least 114,in #Tehran 30,in Kashan 22, in Isfahan 21, in Rasht 18, &in Arak 12 people have died so far. The virus has spread to all 31 provinces. 
USA tested only 450 people for corona-virus. Test costs $3,000. trump/GOP may want to save money for another tax cuts for the wealthy. The deficit is already $1.1 TRILLION/yr caused by trump/republicans tax cuts for billionaires. They say why spend on the corona-virus hoax  …
You have a way bigger problem than C Virus! You have people literally rotting from the inside out on our streets. A socialist running Seattle. Dow Constantine running County into ground. And a crooked Wa AG that has zero scruples. You are the denier of science !!  …
They have released new different genetically modified strains of the virus - different from Wuhan strain - in key strategic areas
Emergency Deep State meeting regarding the virus. He’s on to us, and we need to brainstorm about damage control. Meeting place: HQ, Bowling Green. Obama and Ellen can’t be there bc of the gay agenda meeting. Can someone text Hillary and tell her to bring her own hand sanitizer?
Remember 2009 when the stock market wasn't in a panic over the swine flu global pandemic that killed 200,000 people and no one was blaming Pres. Obama? @realDonaldTrump is right, Democrats blaming him FOR A VIRUS is their new & very expensive #hoax.  …  
Sonko either has the cure for corona virus or very incriminating recording of someone very senior in government, otherwise nothing else makes sense right now. My advice for the MCA’s it’s him or you... Men like Sonko  after each and everyone of you! He won’t let it go!  …
When the Corona virus hits the refugees in our concentration camps, medicines are withheld and mass death happens, we've  guilt of genocide.
Wow if I don’t think like you I’m stupid? 62 cases of Corona virus 0 deaths is a crisis for you worth a $6billion shakedown, but from you people about the 8,200 flu deaths in the US this year? Why would folks vote for a politician who calls them stupid for believing the truth?  …
Hand hygiene and covering your mouth and nose when couching/sneezing WILL protect you from the flu and ~corona virus~. So stop wearing stupid face masks and wash your damn hands, ya nasty.
Trump said “this is their new hoax” referring to Dems & Corona Virus. Not only did Trump call Corona Virus a Dem hoax in his South Carolina rally, HE DID SO WHILE 11 CASES WERE ANNOUNCED IN SAN ANTONIO; ALONG WITH CASES IN WA & OR. Repubs ONLY care about protecting their POTUS!
Nilesh Shah and his thoughts about Corona virus impact:- 
Coronavirus is a family of virus with different strains. Thus strain is #COVID19 and is different than others.
I know that’s what you sick people are hoping for. You are willing to see a deadly virus kill millions & destroy the economy because you think that will make your sick fantasy of getting rid of  true. Irrational hatred of Trump has caused many to lose their souls. Sad
My Friend: Aren't you worried about Corona Virus at Wembley? Me: mate ive been to St Andrews and survived the plague and leprosy
'bout to sleep but saw smone tweet abt  this..yall fck off imagine yall got effected by tht virus / ur idol got effected ..did yall managed to laughing ???? '' tht emoji is really disgust me when people like yall used it 
We know the dangers of a purely political approach from a directly parallel example: China, under another autocratically-leaning ruler, dealt with coronavirus with denial and secrecy, which many say helped the virus to gain a tenacious hold.
He called the Corona Virus a Hoax is the new He called Nazis Very fine people Hoax. Same Sh*t, Different day. It's what leftists do. Lie, Lie, Lie.
You have missed the Biggest Virus in American History. It's The Trump Derangement Syndrome Virus. It causes over 65 million AMERICANS to be angry 24 hours a day and makes them unable to think for themselves. The healing process can take minutes or years.  …
@SenSchumer Cryin Chuck OUR @realDonaldTrump is doing everything in his "hand-tied" power  this manufactured Virus. Are U, in ur Koolaid addled brain suggesting this should be left up to the Do Nothing Dems? Nothing screams disease control like open borders, Riiiight?  …
Want your daily corona virus updates? @chrismartenson and @menlobear put out fantastic daily synopses. Chris is the only guy I know with expertise in pathology and markets. Here is  …
“This new case indicates that there is evidence  transmission but the extent is still not clear.” New #Coronavirus cases confirmed in the Pacific Northwest suggest the #COVID19 virus may be spreading in  in the US, officials said.  …
He did not call the virus a hoax. He called the Dems politicization and media characterization a hoax. Anyone who keeps saying he said the virus itself was a hoax either didn’t listen to the speech in its entirety or is  dishonest ideologue !
Want to know why I am taking Corona virus so seriously? I got the Swine flu in 2009/2010 and got seriously ill with pneumonia. It was not fun. Corona virus seems to be even more infectious and more deadly than swine flu.
If you suspect you might have a highly contagious virus or you have  back from an area that has an outbreak, be a decent human being and protect, isolate and report yourself. You might be okay but there are others you can infect who’s immune system cannot handle it!
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a British-Iranian woman jailed in Tehran, believes she has contracted the new coronavirus as Iran struggles to contain a surge in new cases, her husband said. Prison authorities are refusing to test her for the COVID-19 virus  
Liar. What the President actually said was that blaming the coronavirus on him was the media and Dems latest hoax. He never once stated the virus was a hoax. Educate yourself. Do your own research.
Trump stopped travel from high risk areas to protect the USA, which Dems were against, from #Coronavid19 Now the media claims he said it was a hoax. Explain how this would make any sense. Watch the video, he said the Dems politicizing the virus is the hoax.
You are doing such a good job with the @corona virus and also you are so smart mister Prez. Good job
New England Journal of Medicine: Coronavirus Could Be No Worse than Flu But New England Journal noted travel restrictions on China (imposed by ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ over the objections of some critics) “may have helped slow the spread of the virus.”  …
What cracks me up about the corona virus and everybody panicking is the fact that if there were a vaccine for it, half the population wouldn't get it. Shut up, wash your damn hands, sit down and relax. Ya gotta love the ingenuity. Especially the bra! Improvise, Adapt,  
President #Trump has lashed out at DemocRats who have questioned his handling of the #COVID19 "They have no clue," he said. "They tried the #Impeachment hoax; this is their new hoax: politicizing the virus." #Landslide2020 #BorderSecurity  …
Brexiter Terry from Southampton called James O'Brian at LBC to say all big gathering must be cancelled due to the Corona virus.(Upset at Brighton demo) When J.OB replied, West Ham v Southampton match should also be cancelled. Terry got upset & agitated, "but.....its football"
“7 months ago, outside Cairo ... A virus of unknown origin ... swept throughout the village, killing everyone that if infected. Egyptian officials claim the outbreak was contained, but it wasn’t. Instead, it continued to mutate & spread.” عمار يا مصر 
Human Coronavirus is a cold virus. The version we’re dealing with now is a much more virulent cousin of our old pal.
'Democrats clearly see Covid-19 as a cudgel to use against President Trump...no other way to read the rhetorical barrage they’ve aimed no matter what he does or says about the virus. The resistance media are also piling on. This feeds the public's unease'  …
Actually, can’t contain this virus to just the poor. So if they can’t afford the test, this virus doesn’t discriminate. We just have  in charge who can’t figure out that it is to the benefit of all that these tests are provided at no charge to the patient.
FINAL RESULTS. 99% believe Beavis and Butthead are better suited to address corona-virus than trump/Pence  …
More good news, in alignment with my reports from yesterday. This is not to downplay the seriousness of the issue, folks. It's a highly-contagious respiratory virus with a 2-3% mortality rate. But panic-caused supply chain crashes is a virus that make it far, far worse.  …
NO CORONA? A new survey says 38% of beer-drinking Americans would not buy Corona under any circumstances amid the #coronavirus outbreak — with 16% confused about whether Corona beer is related to the virus. 
explain again how lifelong Republicans in the FBI colluded with Ukraine and Hillary to frame Russia and lose her own election so that Trump would win so that then the deep state could take him down but it didn't work so now they did a hoax virus because fuck yeah that makes sense
Here is @cnn's @smerconish casually linking Corona Virus and @BernieSanders in the same sentence. 
I understand that Russia, North Korea and USA (according to trump) have been spared by God from the corona-virus. Do you think God loves Kim, Putin and trump/Pence. Or could it be they are lying?
Trump is trying to bully a virus
We must bring all supply trains back to the US and not rely on any other country for anything. That will make America great and strong again. We must be 100% reliant on ourselves for everything. This virus proves it. We have to depend on China for medical supplies? NO WAY!
26 cities have been affected by Corona Virus. Saudi is in deep trouble. Plz be safe evry1. Dont go outside much. Plz every1 pray for this cities so that Corona Virus doesn't spread & they recover quickly. It's tym to stay united by prayng fr our nearby countries & nations.
i've studied everything known. Majority of cases of the virus, 80%, are no worse than a cold or moderate case of the flu which is already everywhere. Those 20% of serious cases are the same as serious flu with a lower death rate. No panic. Don't let the MSM lead you by the nose!
Experts warn that coronavirus could hit homeless camps hard.  … Tent & RV encampments, where residents tend to be packed tightly together in unsanitary conditions, could provide an ideal breeding ground for the new COVID-19 virus sweeping the globe. (cont)
The idea of a rally of 10,000 crazed, dimwitted, high fiving, fools, spitting and screaming, believing that the Coronavirus is a hoax perpetrated by the Democrats is abhorrent. We cannot let ignorance and stupidity be the driving force of this virus. We need fucking logic
To be accurate he said the media coverage was a hoax, not the virus.
No, we don’t need to “close the southern border” because Mexico has 3 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. The US also has several confirmed cases of the virus in 
NOT TODAY CORONA VIRUS! 
#MikePence If Corona virus is a hoax like your sociopathic boss says,why is it necessary,as you have said,to”bring the full resources of the Federal government to bear!”I don’t believe anything that anyone says about anything anymore. We sure need a cure...to get rid of you guys!
“While the cancellation of BTS’s home shows is obviously disappointing for their fans – or ARMY – however, many have spun it into something positive, donating their refunded ticket money to relief funds and charities fighting the virus.” @BTS_twt  …
To Date, Influenza accounts for MORE than 50X number of deaths as #Coronavirus in Hong Kong More than a month after Hong Kong reacted to virus & closed its border to China, DAMAGE of virus ISN’T as severe as FEARED & COMPARED to COMMON FLU it’s MINUSCULE  …
Guys, I think they're rooting for the virus 
Investors! If you’ve been hanging on to some cash in your portfolio, it may be a good idea to put some of it to work in the market this week. Although the market will most likely continue to decline until the virus is kept under control. These are great times for investors.
TDS is a far more pressing issue to the left than any global virus..frenzied hate overpowers caution in the liberal world! Your party hoping many of your own people die in order to further your political agenda! You hoped for a recession, now this.
I’d rather die from the Corona virus than take a vaccine invented by some modern day nazis  …
literally anyone can watch the clip & see that he never called the virus a hoax if 3 years in you’re still falling for this fake news bs you deserve to be lied to these people have one job!  …
look at these fuckin crisis actors, i bet they dont even have the cordoba virus or whateverthefuck  … 
Whether Nazanin Zaghari Ratclifee has or has not contracted the corona virus, it still needs to be asked why, considering it was the PM when he was foreign secretary who contributed to her sentence, the British government has done so little to help her.  …
To say that the anti-American Democrats hope the coronavirus will undermine the President doesn't say enough. It is not enough for the Demsheviks to simply hope the virus would hurt the President. They are praying it destroys Trump and America! Democrats are the real threat!
Hackers are posing as the CDC and public health organizations to get people to open virus-laden files. 
You can find them. Don’t pay attention to Trump et all. @RonaldKlain, Obama’s Ebola Czar, has just started a podcast on the virus. He and guests will keep us informed.
If you are speaking at a political rally, and you falsely accuse a certain group of politicizing Corona virus, aren't YOU politicizing Corona virus?
While hoax might have been an improper word to use, this virus is being used politically and to promote fear. When the swine flu hit during Obama‘s presidency he was never criticized for not being prepared nor was the illness ever attributed to him in anyway
What are the #coronavirus symptoms? How has the virus spread around the world? How do you avoid catching #COVID19? Can face masks protect you? Here are some key questions answered on the #coronavirus
Corona virus will soon spread in an irreversible way. The first means of contamination are bank notes, don't touch them. Take them with gloves and put them in a sealed envelope and leave them by your front door. Tomorrow  and collect! I'm doing this for public health!
UNEXPECTED_ERROR_ : VIRUS THREAT DETECTED WOULD YOU LIKE TO RELOAD PARTY 2020 - Y/N? N PARTY SHUTDOWN RUN 'C:\ALTCTRLPARTY!\2021’ PARTY LOADING ▓ 1% 
There is no point in starting a panic over the Corona virus, but upping hygiene standards everywhere (washing your hands more often, coughing into tissues, etc) is  sense and protects us all.
BREAKING: Trump officials are thinking about passing tax cuts in the hopes of tackling the coronavirus fallout. The proposals would do little to stop the virus's spread.  …
And in a healthcare setting, we wear the mask while taking care of the patient and then remove it. The public puts one mask on and keeps it on for hours and all the germs floating in the air can stick to the mask making you more susceptible to the virus.
How is rushing through legislation to override health and safety regulations going to make us healthier or safer? Surely increasing class sizes increases spread of a virus and making people work longer hours does not help them to make better decisions.  …
"and Mike will wipe his nose and use the same hands to touch everyone in the room...……….So you can TRULY trust Mike to handle this critically contagious virus crisis...…....the way I would!"  …
Do you think it's nutty to charge patients $3,000 for the corona-virus test?
Anyone that thinks the beer is causing this virus probably should not be drinking in the first place Cuidado @FelipeCalderon  …
Of those who get the virus, only about 1% actually die. Most of those are people with weak immune system, particularly those aged 80+.  …
Because one of the first things you learn is medical school is how to use tax cuts to treat a pandemic. Who’s “politicizing the virus” now?
As we wish the best for everyone who's currently affected by the Covid19 virus in Korea, let's spend some good deeds towards this fundraiser for the Hope Bridge Disaster Relief under #DohKyungsoo's name! #OurCorporalDoh #도경수_상병진급을_명받았습니다  …
The mechanism at work here is dehumanization. Comparing people/a person to animals, cattle, vermin, a virus or disease in general is how fascist dehumanziation works. If you don‘t view other human beings as humans anymore (or even as a threat) it gives you the right to kill them.
Checking #BillionDollarLoser @realDonaldTrump on today's purchasing of elements of medical * tables of periodic check ( @VP vetoed because, ya know, periods) * charts of hazmat * scopes of steths * masks of face * bag of bodies ( @VP vetoed, there is no Corona virus)
I shall wrap myself in 100 bills and the virus will not find me!!!!
Other countries will watch China to see whether its digital snooping can provide lessons in how to control the virus’s spread 
Trump officials are discussing tax cuts and other emergency measures in the hopes of tackling the coronavirus fallout. The proposals would do little to stop the virus's spread. 
second person in your taglist is corona virus
Sadly there is no known cure for the Morona Virus infecting the WH. 
Corona Virus kills 2%? 100 million =2 million dead? What in hell is in Trumps head Blaming Virus on the Dems Want to see how he takes care Of so few Does Trump see US as all as He sees Puerto Ricans 2 All Americans just like Me and U Tough times  For all but a few 
If you drank out of this as a kid, you’re immune to the corona virus 
People celebrating that there are no cases of Coronavirus in India. Yeah, we don't need any virus. We have killed 40 human beings in the last week out of pure hate.
The hoax is fraudulent journalists spinning this to suggest he called the virus a hoax. But simple people will believe you. The rest will view the context only to recognize a faulty, useless, broken media creating their own narrative. Again.
Because Canadians can't understand the severity of a virus without a hockey reference.  …
No fear Chealsea Clinton is in charge of the corona virus epidemic in America  …
The novel disease, corona virus has been officially named, allegedly predicted about,now instantly spreading death, fear, and perhaps cleanliness to the wrld. What has corona virus got on us? #coronavirusinlagos #COVID19Nigeria #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak
Virus, sickness, and health. Does everyone realize that soap, hand sanitizer, and cleaning supplies are not provided to Chicago teachers? We are also denied reimbursement for these purchases from the district Something has to change. @CTULocal1 @ILRaiseYourHand @SSKedreporter
The Trump administration’s response to the global coronavirus outbreak has been riven by missteps, raising risk that the president’s assertions the virus is contained may be proved wrong 
Never thought I'd feel camaraderie with a virus for being enveloped by a layer of fat
I just saw a guy that was on the Japanese cruise ship. He and his wife tested positive. Neither have had any symptoms. His wife is now negative for #COVID19.  that this is not the horrible virus that the media is making it out to be.
He literally said we're probably going to lose people from it. How do people die from a hoax virus?
Chinese officials and chinese doctors keep saying that no other country has the capability to handle this virus...but the entire west is handling it way better and even containing it where the chinese government failed...
. @VP reiterated that the Trump Administration stands ready to support our efforts in this fight. I’m thankful for this open line  We will work closely with the @WhiteHouse, Coronavirus Task Force, and @CDCgov  the virus and keep all New Jerseyans safe.
This is such dangerous language about a virus. We have seen Trump and his GOP cronies ignore science and data on everything from climate change to reproductive health and we’re all paying the price. To head off a crisis like this, they must trust science.  …
Vaccines contain a little bit of the virus so just drink a Corona light to prevent yourself from getting infected
Once we create a vaccine we can control the virus... Anti-vaxxer: Hold my Corona.
The CCP continues harassing people of faith amid the outbreak of the deadly virus, accusing those who pray for the ill and dead of “endangering social stability.”  …
People been on here proudly proclaiming how they don’t wash up this or that for months. It’s gonna be the lackadaisical hygiene habits of many that takes some of us out, more so than the virus itself. I hate y’all.
The virus isn’t a hoax. YOU and the MSM are the hoax.
"WITH THE MARKET FEELING LIKE IT'S 2008, the coronavirus spreading on U.S. soil and both parties in Congress working fervently together ...TRUMP told a crowd in North Charleston, S.C., last night that the deadly virus was the Democrats' 'new hoax'."  …
. - - - Precautions - - - #France - Prohibits gatherings of more than 5,000 people. #SouthKorea - Testing thousands of people for Coronavirus. #Iran - Bans non-essential travel within its borders. #America - President says the virus is a "hoax" to make him look bad.
Piergianni could stop the corona virus #oafc
He said the media and the D's were making a hoax of it. He did not say the virus is a hoax. It's really hard for your industry to regain any credibility when you cannot just report stuff straight.
Nothing to see here, just   a leading Jewish presidental candidate to a virus during a time of rising anti-Semitism. 
New Coronavirus Cases in California, Oregon, and Washington Suggest Community Spread: Officials Community spread means that people acquire COVID-19, the disease caused by the new virus, through an unknown exposure in   …
Trump is now calling the reaction to his underwhelming and unpresidential reaction to the Corona virus “a hoax”? Is that how far down the rabbit hole we’ve travelled? Where even our honest reactions can be considered dubious if they don’t help buttress his lies and buffoonery?
As mental health care professionals have discovered telling the truth about Trump’s pathology, this country is almost immune to the truth. That’s why this virus will be deadly. I hope I’m wrong.  …
NO @Milbank! Get your facts straight! @realDonaldTrump called the POLITICAL LIES about the virus a HOAX! WTP (100 million plus & growing) know truth—unlike you! You indeed have #LieAbetes disease. SHUT 
Corona Virus is a #hoax this been on the @Clorox thing for 
Interesting perspective from a corona virus patient who’s less freaked out about it than many people who don’t have it.  …
Bitter ang baklang mukhang nilamas na utot. No one loves you because of your stinky face & behavior! You, @ilda_talk & @MochaUson are same type of people whose toxicity kills what is right, decent, beautiful & even love of a daughter to a father! You are like corona virus  …
Just had a tweet how the Corona virus attacks the human respiratory system, so washing hands won't give immunity... No but it might you stop transmitting it from your hand to your respiratory system if you touched something contaminated... It is not that difficult
The U.S. military’s first active-duty case of the coronavirus, in South Korea,  preparing a battle plan. But steps meant to stave off the virus may  training and readiness. 
My kid brother is a nurse at a mid-sized hospital on the East Coast. He told yesterday that their big worry is not being overwhelmed by people with the new virus, but by people who are convinced they have the virus.
Other things to consider: if in public, use a paper towel or sanitizing wipe to turn off tap, & open bathroom door. Don’t use air-dryers; they are highly unsanitary. Think “droplets,” bc that’s how the virus spreads, so minimize exposure/creation wherever you can.
