First time feeling cute after a week of being a walking virus 
China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus. 
It's our binnie with our happy virusThey're happy together #YOONBIN 
JUSTIN BIEBER IS LITERALLY A VIRUS
i hope that i get a stomach virus bc lord i do not want to eat tomorrow
The  is finally seeing the genome of the mysterious #WuHanPneumonia virus and it's a lot more akin to #SARS than Chinese authorities have said, repeatedly, for  …
Genetic sequences of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) will allow countries to develop specific diagnostic kits, quickly identify and then care for anyone infected, and ensure better health  and containment of the virus. 
is there a good vpn, ad blocker, secure browser, virus protection. that doesnt require a large payment,slow down, limit your data usage, gather and sell your data, is easy to use? prob just asking to much....tired of all the false and confusing promises. capitalism is evil.
Big sigh of relief: Chinese scientists have published the draft genome of the Wuhan virus. Researchers elsewhere immediately began analyzing it. One lab is trying to re-create live virus from the sequence.  by @sciencecohen
A 61-year-old man has  the first person to die in China from a respiratory illness believed to be caused by a new virus from the same family as SARS, which claimed hundreds of lives more than a decade ago 
Mysterious Virus Spreads In China, Over 40 People Infected  … 
"Ada?" I call, "Can you help me beat this game?" "Only if you give me a sensory processing virus," she says. "Why?" "Those games are too easy when I'm sober." She puts her arms around me. "Hell, I'll get you a drink too. We'll make an evening out of it!" I kiss her cheek. "Deal!"
Very nice new paper in NPJ Vaccines with Patrick Wilson and the fabulous @andreasantlab about interactions of proteins within influenza virus vaccine preparations:  …
Can I get some good vibes sent my way? I just got over having a stomach virus and yesterday I broke my tailbone! I feel like I have a grey cloud hanging around and one thing after another keeps happening. I could really use some positivity.
Outbreak of mysterious respiratory illness in China traced to never-before-seen virus  
White supremacists, satanists, and terrorists: The true story of NZ's 'hideous virus' of a book  …
You have a virus!  
I just want that tracksuit man. #SLASHSTREETBOYS 
A startling discovery of virus-obsessed immune cells in autopsied brains of deceased #Alzheimers patients was made by @wysscoray, a scientist supported by The Paul G. Allen Frontiers Group, and his  …
Next question to answer from the virus genomics is about the size of the non-human animal source population. If the 10 genomes so far are essentially identical then probably all the patients were exposed to the same few animals. Else multiple exposures to larger population.
Damn. We respect the desire to preserve, but you might have created some super virus under that plastic.  …
First person dies from mysterious virus in China 
FiFi isn't ok. She has advanced kidney disease & tested positive for the corona virus (precursor to FIP, which is fatal). We'll be monitoring her closely, as she still has quality of life. I wasn't prepared for her  a hospice baby.  …
Is Canada at risk from a mysterious Chinese virus related to SARS? By @adamsmiller via ⁦ @CBCHealth⁩ #cdnheslth  
This is so sad Did you know Possums are gentle creatures? They VERY rarely carry rabies because their body temp is too low for the virus to survive. They also make for wonderful pest control bc they eat insects/ticks. I  them to my garden  …
A new virus genetically sequenced in a few weeks & all data shared with the  at record speed. Great leadership from #China, demonstrating that distant are the days of #SARS. However, the vector for this #coronavirus is yet to be found.Fascinating...&  …
Glacier ice archives fifteen-thousand-year-old viruses! New work in @biorxiv_micrbio by Zhi-Ping Zhong, @simroux_virus, @virginia_rich, @Lab_Sullivan, & others from @ByrdPolar & @MicrobiologyOSU  …
Maybe the USA is a virus? 
More than apology needed. Was deliberate. You put out propaganda like that & it’s like spreading a virus. Authoritarians/cultists repeat it,paying no attn to any retractions or apologies. Republican apologizes for saying Dems are 'in love with terrorists'  …
Today I am grateful for: 1- a day of rest to recover from virus 2- husband faffing about with lemsip and cuddles 3- Wallander on Netflix. 
Dawn, Eve, Star, & Twilight are a GORGEOUS litter with Feline Leukemia Virus ( #FeLV). FeLV infects a cat's bone marrow, causing an illness like leukemia - it can't be transmitted to people, dogs, or animals other than cats. We  FeLV+ only live with other FeLV+ 
Boston college student with measles may have exposed thousands in the city to the virus, officials warn 
This. Need to find the animal source, find out how widespread the virus is in that/those species.  …
HIV is a virus tha cause the disease AIDS - a disease of public health importance. Why? It is of public health importance because it is spread via many means and sadly enough it has got no cure. Some people believe that HIV was planted in Africa by the developed countries...  …
I trust a sneeze while I have the stomach virus more than I trust a Democrat for anything.
Was good fun to capture the @VeloceEsports boys attempt to qualify for the @LeMansEsports Super Final today at Autosport! Shame about the result, but mega job by @VeloceJaaames @Veloce_Virus & 
Just back from the hospital. A certain young man called Jacob decided to scare us earlier... had to call 999. Anyway... he is all good, and back home. Some virus. So our Christmas Day has been slightly delayed but we are nearly ready to eat then open presents!
Hello everyone thank you for worrying about me I have a stomach Virus and I wasn't able to eat and drink anything due to me throwing everything up I was in the hospital the whole day but Im still recovering
Don’t let the code being spread online  a virus in your mind. Make your own calls & forge your own relationships factoring in both the positive & negative aspects of your potential suitor. Men aren’t evil. Women aren’t evil. Evil is evil.
Man I’m sick. Either virus or flu something. I feel feverish but I’m trying to power through this last work shift today. Ugh. I wanna go home. 
A day of 'what could have been' Finishing 6th in the end, but we led two thirds of the race! Congrats to @WilliamsEsports on the win! Good effort from the lads, @Veloce_Virus and @Haydon6Gullis on his first event - 
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the Law. Therefore, I forbid any sickness or disease  upon this body. Every disease, germ, and virus that touches my body dies instantly, in the Name of Jesus. Every Organ and every tissue of this body functions in perfection 
I did a very quick kemono-Virus today, haven't drawn her with her electricity abilities for a bit! 
02/12/1991: Professor Fernando Aiuti, an italian immunologist, kisses an HIV-positive woman to debunk the conviction that the virus is transmitted by normal contact. The kiss that challenged popular belief: 
Saturday  Install your virus protection software and get a flu shot. @NightShiftMD 
I am one of the last victims of the 1950’s polio epidemics in the US. It is a virus that kills nerves that control muscles and, depending on how critical those muscles, it can make it impossible to walk or even breathe. I only lost the use of my right leg. Vaccinate.  …
In October, Global Health Program veterinary fellows participated in the annual Laikipia Rabies Vaccination Campaign in Laikipia County, Kenya, which aims to eradicate  eliminate) the virus from the region. STORY:  .
The new #coronavirus has 89% identity to a SARS-related bat coronavirus  …) in the Sarbecovirus group of betacoronaviruses. But that doesn’t mean  from bats. MERS-CoV is 88% identical to the nearest known bat virus and MERS is endemic in camels.
Some viruses hijack host metabolic machinery to replicate & survive. Increased glucose & glutamine uptake by CD4 T cell may contribute to HIV persistence. #Immunometabolism #Virus  
Interesting research suggesting that the in utero effects of the zika virus are stronger for the undernourished (low protein diet). This may explain the puzzle of why some regions and populations were much more affected than others.  …
#UPDATE China on Saturday said a 61-year-old man had  the first person to die from a respiratory illness believed caused by a new virus from the same family as SARS, which claimed hundreds of lives more than a decade ago 
"some people can't progress bcoz they get so pressed on trying to stop the past from repeating itself that they never allow themselves to feel anything new...."
Still they haven't learnt anything. Look at this. I am a British Jew & an @uklabour member yet when I go to 'their' conferences - I am a spy, an alien. They are still trying to expel the remaining Jews Until @uklabour get rid of the #Antisemitism virus - they will be unelectable 
Indeed my ARVS are my sweets, I wear this beautiful smile because I adhere my treatment and am now undetectable can't transmit even the virus is scared of me, am happy and healthy because of my ARVS #UequalsU #LeavenoOneBehindUG #EndStigmaUG #ENDS2030 @Uganetlaw 
Slightly scary large scale version of a bacteriophage virus, designed to break into cells. (At this scale a human would be 10,000km tall) ht 
U lose her when u give her the feeling that her presence in ur life is not important......
The virus implicated in a mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in central China is in a class of pathogens that are a growing player in global infectious disease epidemics 
WHO is providing information to countries on how to prepare for the new #coronavirus, incl. how to: monitor for sick people test samples treat patients control infection in health centres maintain the right  with the public about the virus 
Important moment for health security: New virus emerges > National public health and clinical colleagues lead the investigation and response >  sequencing > share publicly to inform response. Cc: @JNkengasong @AfricaCDC @sokolo12  …
SegWit is Bitcoin's virus. It's everything Bitcoin was designed not to be. BSV is the original protocol that scales on-chain. People are now realizing they were lied to. 
China on Saturday reported the first death from a virus believed to be from the same family as the SARS pathogen that killed hundreds more than a decade ago. 
A 61-year-old man dies from pneumonia in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in an outbreak of a yet to be identified virus. 
Meet the deliverer of my flu, the deadly @chrizmillr. If you have to spend time with some who is trying to kill you, you can't do better than Chris. It's his smile. You feel so safe, even as the virus floats toward your eyeballs.... (I have a fever does this make sense?)  …
The T-Virus, or Tyrant Virus, is built upon an ancient virus known as the Progenitor Virus, which was from a flower in West Africa that was used by an ancient kingdom to make essentially primitive super soldiers with it. Then in the 1980s, William  it with Ebola to  …
Chinese state media on Saturday reported the first known death from a new virus that has infected dozens of people across Asia 
"A small piece of the virus so the body can build natural immunity", you say? That is literally what a vaccine is - with the added bonus that because the pathogen is weakened, broken up, or dead, you won't catch the disease. #VaccinesSaveLives H/T 
Prayer Request Friends, I have bronchitis and a virus. I need your prayers. Please pray God heals me and gives me hope. I am so discouraged from the battles I've endured for nearly two years. Thank you friends and God bless you.
One dead in China outbreak of previously unknown virus 
3) Overall spike AA conservation also around 75% with SARS-CoV 4)RBD conservation is 72%; looking at contact residues with ACE2 from SARS-CoV, 8/14 are conserved 5) Virus likely uses ACE2 for entry *Did all of this quickly, so will have a better idea next week.
Some quick analysis of the new Wuhan CoV sequence: 1) Looks like a group 2B CoV, same family as SARS with about 73% conservation at genome 2)Rough tree puts it between HKU3/273-CoV and SHC014-CoV, a bat virus capable of using human ACE2.
Anti-Vaxxer when  to everything. Myself and kids included. They can’t produce the correct flu shot fast enough to keep up with the most current virus, which evolves every single day. Also, looking at the insert of a flu shot or vaccine should be reason enough.
#China, man dies due to mysterious virus.  …
Pediatricians across the US are sounding alarm about unusually high numbers of young children being admitted to emergency departments this season due to respiratory syncytial virus infection or RSV,  virus that causes cold-like symptoms 
. @kaisen_lin's new paper shows that virus decay in evaporating droplets follows disinfection kinetics  …
how dare you put him through that again. how dare you hurt the happy virus.
i... if you follow exo from that start, you'll know that chanyeol was really the happy virus everywhere he went, he would show up at the airport with no mask, all bright and cheerful. it was so rare to have someone like that. but then the craziness of airport fans changed him
He caught the Obama virus - make nice, and they'll make nice back. No idea who they're dealing with.  …
WHO: More polio cases currently caused by vaccines than wild virus | National Post 
China’s experience with the SARS epidemic and what appears to be a less virulent virus have helped Beijing in containing the threat of a new viral outbreak 
We've all sensed it, but @bylenasun got to the bottom of it. Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard, and this season’s vaccine is a poor match.  …
"The virus is similar to some of the published viruses collected from bats. But it is not close to SARS and not close to MERS." 
The measles virus feels the same.  …
Every team is gonna want that flu virus.  …
You know TDS has spread like a bad virus when... Democrats cannot admit Soleimani is a Terrorist-Murderer and needed Taking Out and Instead Side with the Iranians because they hate Trump so much!!! #FridayMorning #IranAttacks  …
One of the best jobs in my life was working for an old boss who didn’t know anything  He’d ask what I was working on and I’d be like “running virus scans on  all day” and he’d be like “oh wow keep up the hard work”
Starting the New Year off with some cool virus-virus interactions! Viral cooperation allows influenza to infect new hosts by generating a critical threshold of polymerase.  …
Is someone who knows about virus's and spyware willing to test a link for me? I don't have  in my house that are "clean" I am pretty sure there is a new stealing channel scam floating around but I don't know how to test it
So far this season, predominating influenza B virus infections in US account for the majority of reported pediatric #flu deaths. CDC Health Advisory reminds clinicians early antiviral treatment is  for all people at high risk, incl those <2yrs  
In this case report, a low level of human immunodeficiency virus was shown to be transferred during transplantation of a kidney from an HIV-positive donor to an HIV-positive recipient, even though the recipient was receiving antiretroviral therapy. 
Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard and this season’s vaccine is a poor match 
Excellent review of laboratory findings and remaining questions. Mystery virus found in Wuhan resembles bat viruses but not SARS, Chinese scientist says  …
Nigeria has achieved over 3 years without detecting any case of the Wild Polio Virus. For the country to be free from all types of polio virus, we must ensure children are immunized routinely at the health centres and during Polio immunization campaigns. 
When last did you test for HIV? A househelp tested positive to HIV and was sent home... now wife, husband, child 1, cousin & driver, just tested positive.  They probably trusted someone too much and as such let down their guard. Anyone can have the virus, do the needful.
Brendan Gallagher wasn’t feeling good today. Headaches are back. He needs to see the doctor to determined if it’s related to a virus or a concussion. Not yet ruled out for tomorrow @CanadiensMTL
Claude Julien says Brendan Gallagher has headaches and they want to check him out to see if he  down with a virus or if it’s related to concussion
A mystery virus is causing pneumonia in #Wuhan, China 59 people have been infected and 7 are critically ill, say reports Officials in China and @WHO say the virus is a new coronavirus No further cases have been reported So, should we be worried? 
Unusual situation in Portugal this weekend, with 20 (!) players in the Vitoria FC squad catching a flu virus and being unavailable to face Sporting. Sporting won't delay the game and the Vitoria manager says he'll have to play with a «shit team».  …
Acha yaar are you referring to this website @nayadaurpk? If so, here's a screenshot from just a few minutes ago. I easily accessed from Islamabad. Perhaps you've a virus? #JournalismIsNotACrime #ButReportingFakeNewsShouldBeNa Any other sites you'd like fact-checked from PK?  
Very cool to see this in the flesh The virus is spreading... 
According to @WHO rabies kills >59,000 people every year. We know that early detection & #vaccination is the only way to prevent death, so educating people & tackling source of the virus is paramount. @Gavi 5.0 will work to help countries get rabies vax 
Outbreak of mysterious respiratory illness in China traced to never-before-seen virus  
Amazing the Tesla virus is spreading far and wide. It now has reached the families of short sellers. Tesla epidemic is extremely virulent.  …
It’s an actual health hazard to kiss people’s children. Some people carry the herpes virus unknowingly n can transmit it to people’s babies. Babies already have a fragile immune system. Don’t kiss babies pls  …
Mayatrea is an angel of healing and she reminds us that when we get sick when we catch a cold or a flu or get an infection or a virus or anything that causes us to feel unwell or dis ease in our bodies there…  …
“The virus of bigotry is defeated by a healthy cultural immune system, defined by the prevalence of tolerance, mutual respect and basic decency.”  …
i just remembered when it’s my first time to watch TharnType i had no one to scream with so immediately turn my personal twitter to a fan account and now here i am!! THAT’S GAY VIRUS EVERYONE
China’s mysterious respiratory virus remains undetected in PH, says DOH 
How worried should we be about the mystery Chinese virus?  
Looking for two awesome post-doc candidates to work on: 1) Deep Mutational Scanning of Entire Viral Genomes  2) Optimization of Translation Efficiency in E. coli  Please RT !!! #postdoc #synbio #sequencing #virus #biocontrol #ecoli
The Portuguese national coach Paulo Jorge Pereira tells Portuguese media, that “almost the whole team” have been affected by a flu virus. Fabio Vidrago, Fabio Magalhães & Miguel Martins did not train yesterday due to the flu. Portugal face France tonight. #handball #ehfeuro2020
Our happy virus, kim yoo jung, is finally here!!! it's been ages since her last update, i thought she forgot her IG password Let's face the year 2020 with full of positive energy 
An Irish nun once said to me the only way to talk to the British is down the barrel of a gun. I think the time is fast approaching when South Africans could start thinking of something similar regarding the virus that governs us.
So many are leaving . It's a skill drain out because they are the ones who have mobility. It is all so sad. How can a country & it's politicians be so stupid? Is this a Russian virus in our water? No, just 40yrs of media subliminal messaging.  …
Chinese researchers say they have identified a new virus that has sickened 59 people and caused a panic in the region. 
2008 Celtics are like a virus
virus and motherboard's dynamic 
Scientists urge China to quickly share data on virus linked to pneumonia outbreak  …
Chinese scientists have recovered a previously unknown virus from an infected individual and generated a full genetic sequence of it, a key step in efforts to learn more about the cause of an outbreak of unusual pneumonia in the city of Wuhan. 
(1/16) Let’s get ready to rumble! “IRES the Virus” in blue versus “Cappy” in green: a fight to the death on single mRNA (red) in a live-cell cage match. Details from @amandakoch92 here:  
Let's spread like a virus to  the republican cancer. @42Gnome @BlueMark55 @Gigi27920473 @scott4pendleton @CarlyJA22 @reneevgibson @Carlos214Carlos @CJ_isnowblue @Allnkat @ImPilots @PJinSoCal @HumanityLove321 @Earthplanet64 @DemoCra46555123 @Firestorm1776 
My fav lab meeting of the year: we review last year’s top 10(+)  with a Virus Drop! Check out our year end highlights, neonatal viruses should watch out in 2020!  … @TheDHVI @Duke_Childrens 
Why are virus-targeting immune cells sniffing around #Alzheimer’s patients’ brains?  … More evidence that adaptive immune system plays an important role in AD pathogenesis. Love the quote from @wysscoray  …  
How u gotta sleep when ur link is known for  …
Lastly, yes - we did name the virus after Seinfeld! The rise of metagenomic sequencing has resulted in an explosion of virus discovery, with new viruses being announced every day - this is another one: Yada Yada virus. (also, Seinfeld is awesome) 
We discovered a new alphavirus in Australian mosquitoes and named it Yada Yada virus. Report in @ASMicrobiology's Microbiology Resource Announcements:  … Thanks @stace_lynch @edwardcholmes and Jan Buchmann for a fantastic collaboration! Details in thread:
Dommes and subs who use Teamviewer I got  virus from Teamviewer. My credit card info was stolen and most of my passwords. One of my subs had his bank account hacked the day after he installed it. Don’t trust it. I have awesome antivirus, but it didn’t catch this
@realDonaldTrump should have the same respect of office as any other previous President! The insanity of the left is starting to rub off on @GOP leaders! The hate is like a virus and needs to be inoculated with INTELLIGENCE 
A bacteriophage is essentially a virus for bacteria. This is an awesome likeness!  …
"I think they really should share the sequence data, so that we can all make sure we can test for this virus if we get travelers from this region," @MarionKoopmans says about the newly discovered coronavirus in 
Claire should be 33 tomorrow There is no ambiguity after the issuing of a *3rd* death certificate to totally dismiss the "brain virus" those implicated in a cover up claimed both in 96 & 06. For Claire, we are going to ensure accountability happens against *all* involved. 
Not telling you NOT to be afraid of the man-made disease Ebola, I’m saying if you’re gonna be afraid you gotta be equally afraid of anti-vaxxers because the W.H.O. put people who question vaccines in the same “threat” category as a virus that makes you bleed from the inside out.
Just uploaded the 1st #SwamplexRadio of 2020 to Soundcloud, Spotify & Apple. This show features brand new shit from @bandlez @UZZIBADMEN @whalesfm @megalodondubs @uburdub @gentlemensclub @AweminusDub @akeos_ @virus_syndicate @MVRDAuk @imBAINBRIDGE +more  …
The World Health Organization already told us in 2019, Ebola is one of the top 10 global health threats. A live virus that can make you bleed from the inside out, is a threat. What else made that list? VACCINE HESITANCY. Anti Vaxxers. People who question them & their products
To remove the virus of Brexitism from our national bloodstream will require a major process of decontamination, a deep catharsis. The normal political processes are hopelessly inadequate to dealing with this profound sickness. They will only cement it. 2/2
industries really be acting like bts is a virus that needs to be contained lmaoo let them dominate fully uglies
Please pray with me for healing. I am still feeling sick with upper respiratory virus. I went to doctor for antibiotics and still feeling pain in my chest, coughing, weakness.
when we having esex and she uploads a virus in  
New Virus Related to SARS May Be Behind Mysterious Pneumonia Outbreak in China  
WHO says mysterious illness in China likely being caused by new virus  
BitTorrent Pro is ad-free  standard with anti-virus technology. You just can't miss.  #BTT 
Today, Governor Okowa disclosed that the State Government  N100 million to fight the spread of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) in the state. Governor Okowa stated this at the launch of HIV SURGE in Asaba on Thursday. 
WHO says new virus may have caused China pneumonia outbreak  
A novel #coronavirus is a new strain of the virus that has not been previously identified in humans 
 sent me an email to sign up for some promo & I agreed so they had me download this software whatever so I did, but when I went to download my Antivirus picked up a virus, just now someone from Brazil just logged into my twitter, never changed my password so fast lmao
@RepDougCollins  & total 3rd-grade level 3rd-rate views are a political virus & exactly what’s wrong with this country. The only thing you should be allowed to represent to our future leaders is an example of exactly how NOT to lead.
There isn’t an easy answer to this, but it can be remedied by a diligent and thoughtful populace. Don’t share unverified information, no matter how tempting. That’s one way to stop the virus. I have received HUNDREDS of emails over the years from people who do the right thing-
Remember when the bipartisan Foreign Policy Virus in Washington actively created ISIS by funding, arming, and training Sunni radicals, putting them in charge of oil wells for their own private-sector profit, and emboldening them to spark regime change in Syria?
An outbreak of a mystery virus in China prompts quarantine zones, traveler screens 
 directly inhibit flu virus entry and replication in human cells -- Health & Wellness --   …
He won and they controlled all three branches of government. Also, maybe don't refer to a Jewish person as an "opportunistic virus."
Mysterious illness outbreak in China seems to be caused by a new virus  
Is everyone listening to Trump right now??? He is relaxed, confident, lying, insane.....growing like a virus. The MSM AGAIN lets him say Obama paid for the Iranian missiles and that Pelosi & Dems are mourning the death of an Iranian terrorist unchallenged...so fucking sick.
I am sick and tired of this Scottish virus being at my club. He's really out here playing around with family during a crucial period for the club, top 4 battle being close and being in the cup semis. I'm begging we sell this c*nt, faking injuries una 
Cozy cup of coffee + disturbing bacteriophage (virus) puppet = our favorite way to start the morning. From @Colossal & artist Judith Hope:  
Should we put Jared on eliminating this new virus?  …
Big congratulations to my friend and collaborator Dr. Ian Lipkin, a.k.a. Virus hunter, who did a heroic effort during the SARS epidemic by hunting this virus in China, well deserved honor !  …
A new virus related to SARS is the culprit in China's mysterious pneumonia outbreak, scientists say  …
I don't think Paul Krugman downloaded child porn. I do think he's a blinkered retard who fell for one of those virus warnings, and the fact he's this stupid is why he's so bad at his job.
The most positive person I ever seen. His motivational spirit is like a virus to people around him and see him. He is reliable and never gives up! He trust himself, confident, and hard working. He is the perfect leader @TXT_members  …
Why are virus-targeting immune #cells sniffing around #Alzheimer'spatients' brains?  …
I got results back. I have mono, Epstein-Barr virus, internal hepatitis bc of EBV, enlarged liver + spleen, low iron + too many white blood cells cos of liver working to fight infection. I feel less bad for sleeping all day but still guilty.. Thx friends for understanding. Zz 
#Congress leader #RahulGandhi has written to #KeralaHealthMinister K K Shailaja to provide facilities to adequately prepare for a possible #H1N1 outbreak as some students and teachers of a school in his #Wayanad constituency have been infected by the virus  …
Chinese researchers say they have identified a new virus behind an illness that has infected dozens of people across Asia 
The @ShefUni_IICD has received $400k from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to protect children around the world from the influenza virus. Read more 
Mystery China virus is from same family as Sars, scientists say  …
I am not panicked by the unknown virus. I am just got very pissed off by all the "official" reactions so much like repeating what happened back in 03: covering up the truth, govt slow response, saying everything's fine. Fuck. We only be informed when it can no longer be hidden!
So many gamers are sick! I guess you can say... they got a VIRUS I’ll see my way out
Shri @RahulGandhi writes to Shri K. K. Shailaja, Minister of Health & Social Justice, Kerala, on the outbreak of H1N1 virus at a Higher Secondary School in Kozhikode. 
Not sure what my future holds – I’m 63 with a good career and exportable skills so maybe not too late to move somewhere not infected by the nationalist virus. Maybe there will be a way for Remainers to regroup and hold Brexiters for to account (I certainly hope so). 9/
Face masks appear to be sold out in HK. As we speak, just travelling on a bus where half wear masks while those coughing and sneezing don’t. Just a minor SARS-family related virus behind the Wuhan pneumonia.
This your ego will ruin you by the time you got you virus. You try to justify infidelity, as well as putting an innocent woman into agony. If this isn’t for clout or praises from unintelligent men, your wife should divorce you to save herself a trauma.  …
There’s no evidence that the virus, a coronavirus, is readily spread by humans, and it has not been tied to any deaths. But health officials in China and internationally are watching it carefully. 
China believes a mysterious pneumonia outbreak that struck 59 people is caused by a new strain of virus from the same family as SARS  
WHO Statement Regarding Cluster of Pneumonia Cases in Wuhan, China. Statement mentions virus was isolated. That would be great, even greater if info can be shared to allow diagnostic preparedness. Looking forward to hear from our colleagues in china  …
"The attacker utilized the anti-virus management console service account to distribute the malware across the network." 
Make sure you install an anti-virus 
When #WuHanPneumonia suspected cases been growing in #HongKong, govt insisted to make the first day of appeal to unconstitutional #AntiMaskLaw. Pro-dem lawmaker Dennis Kwok urged govt to withdraw the appeal, keep a high alert to the anonymous virus outbreak from China. @rthk_news  
Wow! Nearly 60% of bullfrogs imported into the US are positive for Bd (chytrid) and over 90% tested positive for Rana virus!! Scary and extremely valuable work by @MyFrogCroaked #WCH9 
As the government goes back to court to try to resurrect its mask ban, Civic Party lawmaker Dennis Kwok points out that #HongKong people are rushing to buy masks so they don't fall victim to the Wuhan virus outbreak.  …
Jason Shepherd @JasonSynaptic visits the #TWiN studio to explain Arc Capsid Bearing Any RNAs (ACBARs), virus-like capsids that transfer genetic information between neurons  
You could be onto something. If only there was a way for the body to remember that it saw that virus so then the next time you encountered it, your reaction would be less severe or — stay with me — you could even be immune to that virus. Dare to dream.
Another Chinese traveller arriving in Bangkok from the pneumonia-hit city of Wuhan in central China has been quarantined, bringing the number of suspected cases of a mysterious virus to five. Fifth Chinese visitor found with mystery virus  … 
Tucker is right, we are BACK FROM THE BRINK of a war that could have  a Catastrophe. Thanks President Trump! No thanks to dim-witted pundits, overweight Conservative Inc. bloggers, paid-off national security "experts", and the rest of the Foreign Policy Virus
Yes! My idea is to inject small amounts of the virus, dead or alive, to build immunity. Let’s call it an “immunity shot.”
2020 looks to be the year the CDC — a criminal organization that causes pandemics to promote vaccine profits — is going to unleash most horrific and dangerous medical false flag in the history of our world (Ebola Vaccine is a live virus..enhanced shedding)  …
It has determined that the #pneumonia originating in Wuhan is caused by a new coronavirus. Experts have obtained the virus' whole genome sequences: China' s national broadcaster 
I can't believe history forgot a badass lesbian anarchist militant feminist doctor that practiced safe abortions and advocated against ww1 and stabbed cops with hatpins and told them it was infected with a deadly virus.... people really hate women this much
In the thick of cold and flu season, a virus called RSV is also spreading fast, and it’s especially dangerous for young children. 
CCTV: cause of Wuhan pneumonia is a new type of Coronavirus, according to preliminary tests by 9pm on January 7 by mainland experts. They have got the virus from a patient and detected the full genetic sequence. 
China pneumonia outbreak may be caused by Sars-type virus: WHO  …
I am not anti-vax, but I understand why some parents do not want chemicals in their childrens bodies. I think instead of chemical shots, doctors should give a very small amount of the virus so the body can build up immunity.
Dear Liberals. Don’t click on @realDonaldTrump ’s Tweets! They contain a virus It infects  with unwanted horrible stuff!!  …
Paul Krugman —> -Surfed porn -Contracted virus aka ransomware -Ransomware overtook PC, gave #to call -Called the #, aka “computer security service” -“service” says PC is full of porn, pay us to fix -He pays, nothing happens -He panics, blames “QANON” IT Help Desk 101..  …
90% of defendants blame hacking/virus. CP is considered contraband. You call the FBI, not Geek Squad. Even experts for crim defendants can't examine copies of the digital evidence under the theory that it re-victimizes the child. They must schedule a time with law enforcement.
I have a virus so bad that I had to be hospitalized yesterday. I think it's all going to be free to me, very thankful for my Australian healthcare
Woman in Suffolk: I haven’t seen you for ages. Man: Ah yes. I went to Wales, where I picked up a virus and lost my voice. I went with Dave, who didn’t lose his, unfortunately.
On January 8, 1992, President George H. W. Bush, sick with a stomach virus, fainted, after vomiting during a state dinner hosted by the Japanese prime minister 
I still have a nasty virus, but as I hate being indoors all day this afternoon I went on a (very local) fungi search with the chickens. Nutmeg wanted to show me these Turkeytail bracket fungus that have sprouted from our washing pole, although she’s certain her tail is prettier. 
US troops aren’t leaving Iraq. New economic sanctions. The conflict is far from over, it’s likely to escalate again in the near future as US imperialism continues to spread like the virus it is. Don’t buy Trump’s bullshit.  …
I invite the twitterverse to check out our new review article on the role of cross reactive antibodies during Zika virus infection. My student Matt deserves much of the credit for putting this review together!  …
Hey guys, I’ve just picked Joey up from the vets. He has a virus infection so is on medication for the next few days. He is a lot more himself after the treatment today thank you for all your support and prayers
Scientists discover new Ebola-like virus in China -  …
Dear neuroscientists: when you use a viral vector to express stuff, the correct term is "transduction", which refer to introduction of foreign DNA into cells. "Infection" is used to describe the natural process by which a (wt) virus propagates in an organism/tissue.
Applauding white nationalists to own Trump. Wokeism is a Mind Virus.  …
There is no antisemitism on the left. It’s just stitched in like superglue. It’s not a virus, it’s a vital organ.  …
The cluster of unidentified #pneumonia cases in #Wuhan #China have been associated with a novel #Coronavirus. This is the family of viruses that the agents of #SARS and #MERS belong to, but it is a new, unique virus. It does not yet have a name, but surely will soon. 1/
cant unsee the new feh ocs being on one of those virus ads for a chinese bootleg anime game 
The mysterious Borna-virus may be a more important pathogen of humans than scientists realized.  by @kakape
Maybe the USA is a virus? 
I may have spaghetti noodle arms but trust me I WILL throw hands at the influenza virus #stayselcaday 
Amos 3:7 ⁷Surely the Sovereign Lord does nothing without revealing his plan to his servants the prophets. Surely, the true Prophet is here Prophesies given/fulfilled.. 1. Collision of neutron stars 2. Zika virus 3.ebola 4. #AccurateFulfillment  …
I’ve been HIV positive for 9 years and covered the epidemic in my writing as well as protesting and advocating to end the epidemic in the  My hope is to educate all and show humanity of those living with the virus, while challenging us all to end the epidemic
Specter of possible new virus emerging from central China raises alarms across Asia 
Hello Twitter, This is my Zoie, she’s 3 months, the happiest baby you’ll ever meet. She had  cold, turned into a virus, turned into a lung infection. Now hospitalized on oxygen therapy, what  to us is life threatening to them, be cautious this cold/flu season. 
New Virus Discovered by Chinese Scientists Investigating #Pneumonia Outbreak #WuhanCluster  …
PARENTS: RSV is  and very contagious, virus that infects the respiratory tract of most kids before their second birthday.  
HUMANS ARE A VIRUS. | 1. LATE 1800s: Camels imported into Australia for British settlers | 2. 1930s: With roads & auto  in, camels slowly released into wild | 3. Century of population expanding/'growing roots' | 4. 2020: Govt authorises killing of 10,000 camels 
China's agriculture ministry said an H5N6 avian flu virus outbreak has been detected in swans in Yining county and Bole city in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. 
While we’re in the thick of cold and flu season, another type of virus is also spreading fast right now, and it’s especially dangerous for young children. @DrJohnTorres is here with everything you need to 
BK Virus Nephropathy- Often  of renal transplants. Large inclusion seen within tubular cells (left) & positive polyoma virus (SV-40 antigen) immunohistochemistry (right) confirming the diagnosis #GUpath #RenalPath 
. @WSJ WSJ: New Virus Discovered by Chinese Scientists Investigating #Wuhan #Pneumonia Outbreak -- a 
Virus spread by shrews linked to human deaths from mysterious brain infections  (By 
“Borna disease virus infection has to be considered a severe and potentially lethal human disease transmitted from a wildlife reservoir... and may have caused other unexplained cases of encephalitis in regions where the virus is endemic“  …
Peter the fox, the most beautiful adult dog fox I ever had the privilege to look after. Named for @PeterEgan6 , he had very little sight due to a virus and is doing well in a large enclosure. 
A mysterious virus is making China (and the rest of Asia) nervous. It's not SARS, so what is it? | By: Nectar Gan  …
Is the human mind susceptible to hacking? If an idea can be a virus to the human mind, can an idea also be the anti-virus? Presenting my favourite thinkers together on stage for the first time, discussing my favourite subject - the human mind. CRED presents - 
Asalamalaikum still in bed w severe bronchitis but thank fully my fever has broken. Yaaay! The meds should kick in & I should be up and about soon. It’s an awful virus. Please buy lots of toxin removing plants & keep them in your homes 4 your children & yourself. The air is toxic
Virus is not virus without ________? #copied
A New, Unidentified Virus Is Causing Pneumonia ... 
Canavan on 10 News being given oxygen regarding his ultra right theory of burn offs being a problem. Canavan of course represents his family’s mining interests, and, that alone. A Federal ICAC would very quickly extricate Matt Canavan from our Fed Parl, disgusting little virus.
The locally developed rapid diagnostic kit for dengue fever is preparing for international distribution after passing evaluation by an @ASEAN panel of experts for use in the region to fight the deadly virus. More from  …
Deadly brain-destroying virus lurking in SHREWS has killed at least 14 people across Europe 
A mysterious virus in central China has infected dozens, raising fears of a new epidemic. Here's what to know  
Health Secretary Sophia Chan says #HongKong cannot issue a travel alert for Wuhan over the virus outbreak there. But she says SAR officials are in daily contact with the mainland authorities about the situation.  …
Girlfriend: baby i have the virus Me: Awwww you're going viral
Stoking fears that a novel virus may have begun to infect people, health authorities in the central Chinese city of Wuhan have announced they have documented over 40 cases of a “viral pneumonia of unknown cause.” 
A mysterious virus is sickening people in China  
Dramatic increase of respiratory virus puts babies in the hospital across the country 
I think I know at least like 10-15 people who’ve been infected with some kind of throat infection. Some virus is out there guys. Stay safe. Drink loads of water.
Hopefully, Texas is ensuring that ALL state & local entities are using anti-virus/malware technology based on the @NISTcyber whitelisting standard! This is a no-brainer. MUCH tougher for #Iran to penetrate! @GregAbbott_TX @realDonaldTrump  …
The evolutionary dynamics of Oropouche Virus in South America.  
Doctors are on alert as hospitals across the U.S. report a dramatic increase of RSV--a respiratory virus especially serious in babies and older adults. @DrJohnTorres has what you need to know now.
#STUDY: Vaccinated for #SHINGLES Can Infect Others with #Varicella Zoster Virus  … 58% of immunized individuals shed #vaccine varicella virus DNA in saliva over 4 weeks. Not unvaxxed kids, vaxxed adults are spreading VZV. #LearnTheRisk 
[BREAKING NEWS] • Mysterious viral pneumonia in China — 59 infected • Virus still NOT identified. So, I’m getting flu vaccine for my family from GP. Let’s be prepared for anything. How about you? 
Enzo was my friend and mentor at Oxford. I spoke with him every day. He taught me how to immunize mice; how to write a paper; how to make vaccinia virus; how to think about immunology. It is a terrible loss to me, and to science at large. I miss him so much !!  …
We are truly in the upside-down. The hatred, racism, and fear of 60M people has spread like a Panic Virus.
The Amazon is still burning. Conflict between Iran and USA. Australian wildfires. Puerto Rico earthquakes. Jakarta and Venice flooding. Oceans are contaminated. Air in India is unbreathable. A mysterious virus in China. And the decade just started...
Fascinating addition to the story of virus evolution, or is this de-evolution Structures of virus-like capsids formed by the Drosophila neuronal Arc proteins | Nature Neuroscience  …
The facts in the story are pretty clear and pretty scary. We don't know what this “mysterious virus based in China” is. But here’s #Canada's angle. We are especially vulnerable “because of chronically overcrowded hospitals.” Commentary by John  …
Hey peeps, we've been made aware of a tweet with a link to download The Old and The Sea ebook. The only official way to download is via Amazon, so if there's any other links it's either a pirate copy (which ain't nice for us) or some virus/dodgy site (which ain't nice for you).
Having a stomach virus and the ab roller did wonders 
Block Z is said to be the young auteur’s “most ambitious project yet”–showcasing running zombies in a quarantined school ground, rising from the dead following a virus outbreak  …
The last release of West Nile virus sequences from our WestNile 4K Project just pushed us over 1,000 genomes released! What an amazing team and collaboration - very proud to be part of this.  …
If only we stop playing Virus like Pogba & play players like LongStaff who will give all for the shirt we would not be losing like this
Babies from #Colombia who were born healthy after being exposed to the #Zika #virus in the womb showed signs of neurodevelopmental delays by 18 months of age, @thisisAimeeC reports for @ScienceNews.  …
A little ! I’ve got a throat virus so I’ve been just chilling really
This is how I be like at family gatherings when I’m listening to one aunty tell another aunty to ask the doctor for antibiotics for her virus  …
RIP to our brother and original Virus Family member Ed Optiv We love you and miss you 
“In 10,000 years when this is all dried out, you can still resurrect the DNA in there and reconstruct this virus.” George Smith's first phage display construct was created with natural phage from bacteria virus and with materials he received from Nobel Laureate Paul Modrich. 
there are nondescript looking CIA goons working in a secret lab 300 ft underground to create a virus that will wipe out 2/3rds of humanity and all you guys want to talk about is catboys
Hand-foot-and-mouth disease virus receptor KREMEN1 binds the canyon of Coxsackie Virus A10  …
According to the latest CDC #FluView, influenza B viruses are predominant nationally and in every region but the southeast, which is now having an increase in influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 virus activity. Learn more:  
Is anyone a Rocket Man fan? Elton the cat is looking for a rocket ride to his new home This boy needs a lot of love, will cuddle with you for hours, & play too! But since he carries the FeLV virus no one will give him a chance. Will you?  … 
News: Among all states TN tops in mental disorders-- Any surprise given film /TV mania and spread of EVR virus:))RT
Maybe the USA is a virus? 
@Aabhas24 book is not about Modi as much as it is about a young person in India brainwashed  in college and how he recovered. It's the best antidote to the virus being spread on Indian campuses. You can also buy a low-price 100-pack to distribute to your alma mater.  …
Our Happy Virus! #ASTRO #엠제이 #MJ #아스트로 @offclASTRO 
US warns citizens in China to avoid animals and sick people over mystery pneumonia virus  …
Hi. This is a reminder that my undetectable HIV status is more about my health than it is about whether I can transmit the virus. As if I’d let you f**k anyway. Ew.
The #Nipah surveillance system that @JohnsHopkinsEPI's Emily Gurley helped establish in 2007 has provided scientists with 12 years of data on how the virus jumps from bats to humans and how it infects its hosts.  …
RT: How can Ron Rivera treat the Dan Snyder #Redskins virus? By being immediately successful & popular, Rivera  so revered that Snyder is rendered powerless. It's how Joe Torre handled #Yankees owner George Steinbrenner. My  …
Seems like everyone forget if Woollimz are exist. Trio all rounder Yunseong, Changuk Dongyun, main vocal Hyeop, actor and happy virus Minseo, hidden card Sungjun...
There's still time to register for the 3rd International Conference on Zika Virus and Aedes Related Infections. ZikaPLAN will be present with Annelies Wilder-Smith and Celina Turchi-Martelli among the speakers.  
The Philippines is vulnerable to the virus given the influx of Chinese visitors in the country, a port official says. 
I remember I once asked,(on my field work) is it individuals living with autism or just autistic. Majority of Kenyans are for individuals living with autism. I dont like it. It's not a virus, it's not a bacteria. Just say Autistic.
Faking it. top players like Kean, Giggs would never be in a medical room rather be on the pitch. vIrUs
God allows a fire to start, then stops it so people can praise him. Like an insane scientist that creates releases a deadly virus and gives out the antidote to only people that worship him
Structures of virus-like capsids made by the neuronal Arc proteins. @SimonErlendsson's paper is now out in @NatureNeuro. This was a fun collaboration with @JasonSynaptic and @CedricFeschotte. Work done at  …
The new suspected cases bring the total number of people put into isolation in #HongKong over #Wuhan virus rises to 30  …
Mmmm, anyone for lovely fresh farmed salmon with a side order of infectious disease, virus, bacteria & pathogens?  Cermaq Chile harvests half a million salmon faced with ISA outbreak @Cermaq @IntraFishNorge Take the pledge to boycott farmed salmon!
Reply your location here milkies! Let's see if hanggang saan ang aabot ng AshTan virus. #OneSolidLOVEforASHTAN
Consider this  up in the UK, organized by @katrina_lythgoe, @arambaut, @emcat1. Virus Genomics and Evolution #VGE20, it's a convivial, gender-balanced meeting, with a great mix  and experimental biology, in a nice setting:  … 
Yeonjun virus is spreading... #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER #투모로우바이투게더 
They have struck the bat of the Earth with ✓Ebola ✓Zika Virus ✓And the Most recently in Kenya is the Locust invasion. This happened when Kenya failed to heed to the call of Repentance. Beloved Moses is walking among us. 
Why is the LORD, Striking the Nations with the plugue of Moses? Is there something the church can do to avoid this plugues....? When I look Brazil there's Zika Virus.. Now Kenya swarm of locust invading the Land 
"There is no reason to believe that this is an isolated event" - 1 bn animals dead - 1500 homes destroyed - 25 ppl killed If this was a virus we'd be demanding a vaccine. The virus is #ClimateChange. The vaccine is cutting emissions  …
I'm over-tired, underslept, I'm battling some heinous virus but I'm so in love with a bald, middle-aged man from Argentina that I got up at 7.30 to talk about him on the radio.
youngbin, rowoon, and taeyang laugh to their heart content, hwiyoung as a happy virus he is, zuho humming and dancing to the song, chani being a drummer, jaeyoon as a sweetheart he is, dawon in charge of fun, inseong laughing to whatever dawon did. this is the  
If you wanna watch the full movie, you didn't hear it from me.... but turn on your ad/virus blockers, roll up a phatty or grab a bottle of wine if that's your thing, and try this link at your own risk 
Kids are both home now, nasty virus going around. Got fevers to break, now to just keep  Little brats are lucky my PTO just renewed for the year.  …
A mysterious virus in central China has infected dozens, raising fears of a new epidemic. Here's what to know  
Supplies of N95 mask running low in Hong Kong as Wuhan virus scare sparks panic buying and marked-up prices  …
I am from Botswana and the situation is still the same here. I am an HIV Activist here, born with the virus. I will not stop until 2 strangers can have a random conversation in a taxi about themselves living with HIV
More polio cases now caused by vaccine than by wild virus  …
“HIV didn’t kill my brother, he died because he didn’t want to live with the virus.” 
Did you secretly keep almost a hundred million dollar in earnings and did some virus infested website actually claim it correctly and this is how I find out? I mean you fund and support cool shit from cool places so I'm kinda OK with it tbh
#WuhanPneumonia: An unidentified form of #Pneumonia that recently broke out in the central Chinese city of #Wuhan has put neighboring regions on high alert, as authorities in #China scramble to identify the source of the mysterious virus.  …
9. Animal-to-human transmission is bad but it's not as dangerous as human-to- human transmission. With animal transmission, you can isolate the source. A virus that can spread widely between humans means it'll be hard to control the epicenter of the virus. ie. SARS.
After recovering from flu now I have caught my daughter's respiratory virus. Please pray with me for quick healing
Turns out that not only was she sick from a virus, she also had teeth and tumors that needed to be removed as fast as possible. I hate to ask for money, but I'm desperate. Any amount will help! Here is my ko-fi:  Thanks to @M0nt_3 for the amazing 
Infants in Colombia who were exposed to the Zika virus in the womb showed motor and cognitive development delays in their first 18 months of life, despite having a normal head circumference at birth, scientists reported 
I'll say it slowly if you like. People On Effective HIV Treatment Cannot Pass On The Virus #UndetectableEqualsUntransmittable  …
There’s 59 pneumonia cases in a mainland city in China & no one knows what’s causing them. Several patients worked in a market selling fish/animals, so — maybe — it’s a new virus jumping species. But don’t panic yet, says @MarionKoopmans ...  …
Catching feelings these days is like catching a virus, nobody wants that shit
Does conservatism carry some kind of brain virus that makes you incapable of seeing photoshop rendering errors  …
If virus a Rich Man 
our paper on AGO2 natural variation and virus susceptibility now online  …
What a show. Big thanks to Multiverse Theory and @uncleimanmusic for having us out. Here’s a little preview of how the night went b2b w/ @itslayzofficial Recap  soon. : @shloadedgabe Tracks: @akeos_ & @hukaedubz - ID w/Ivory - 93 Style (ft. Virus Syndicate) 
Evening all. Another docs appt today and more blood tests and ecgs booked. I do, however, feel a lot more human today. Think the nasty virus has  to and end, or close to it anyway. I’ve managed to do a bit more drawing tonight. #art #drawing 
A caution on adeno-associated virus (AAV) gene vectors. In a study with dogs suggests may integrate into regions that control cell growth and thus may pose cancer risk.  …
Dusk is now a virus that is infecting other games, turning them into a child's macaroni art. 
I think Facebook is, in itself, a legal virus in plain sight. The moment you let that sh*t on your device, it spreads its tentacles into everything. Browsers start malfunctioning, apps can't sync, password problems. There is something wrong about FB. Get rid of it. Seriously
The world’s deadliest animal spreads malaria, dengue, West Nile virus, yellow fever, Zika, and other infectious diseases. Learn more about CDC’s leading efforts to prevent and respond to mosquito-borne disease threats.  
1. Accepted my status, it wasn't easy at first as I had not much of a hope as a result I ended up dropping out of high school. I eventually learnt to live with it. 2. I always tell them that "this is just a little virus in your blood that you can't even see with your naked eye..
Imagine if tomorrow they say: BREAKING NEWS: "Cabbage has that deadly listeriosis nton-nton virus that Polony had" ... ...yerrrr for the whole of January half of Mzansi population would die of hunger nje... 
From the point of view of most large corporations, Agile is a virus that will destroy the organism. As such, it will do everything it can to mutate that virus to make it harmless.
First report of human infection with avian influenza A(H9N2) virus in Oman: The need for a One Health approach  …
Virus used in gene therapies may pose cancer risk, dog study hints  …
Here is the original study that proves that the measles vaccine is destroying herd immunity. Measles Virus Neutralizing Antibodies in Intravenous Immunoglobulins: Is an Increase by Revaccination of Plasma Donors Possible?  …
Structures of virus-like capsids formed by the Drosophila neuronal Arc proteins  
Biggest joint this December. @Quamina_Mp E be serious virus.  …
~^^~ Happy virus ~^^~ #armyselcaday 
Today I was named a beast slayer who fought amicably to out shine the darkness looted by you Virus now am ambassador to change the outlook of this virus to be looked as a positive motivation story.. You called yourself HIV. I call myself Mr Positive chance #NoToStigma
A mysterious virus in central China has infected dozens, raising fears of a new epidemic. Here's what to know  
Bunch of Naxals/EVR virus unhappy about participation of ZOHO founder and Accenture executive in an RSS function in TN-They scream RSS is a religious organisation--Idiots --It is the largest NGO in the world--socio/cultural not religious:) RT
New year new memes 
Gutted to have to withdraw from (probably) my last ever @ToCSquash . Been sick as a dog the last 48 hours from either food poisoning or that b*****d Noro Virus. I love that glass court, hope everyone has a great tournament (especially the @dynamic7sport squad!) ...
I have a totem barbarian that ran in to a dire wolf, and instead of fighting, I rolled for intimidate, nat 20 and I get a +10, so I thought for funsies I would roll animal handling...nat 20 with a +9...and that’s how I ended up being both a metaphoric and literal tank.
THE TALA VIRUS © 
Dear Hindus Of All The Jihads Bharat Have Been Suffering From Post-1947, Sonia Jihad Is The Most Dangerous For, She Symbolises All Varieties Of Jihad, Including Islamist, Naxal And JNU Time Has Come To Eradicate Sonia Jihad; It's Virus @INCIndia @priyankagandhi HM @AmitShah
How can Ron Rivera treat the Dan Snyder #Redskins virus? By being immediately successful & popular, Rivera  so revered that Snyder is rendered powerless. It's how Joe Torre handled #Yankees owner George Steinbrenner. My  …
So Mino Raiola, the virus of an agent that said he would never let his clients go to United is now Lingards agent. Obviously makes sense now the rumours he would be offered to Leicester as part of the Maddison deal. Not even going to ask if we should keep him! 
I wish everyone who lives with the virus can have such a positive mindset...
Once someone knows and is on effective medication and  undetectable they can not pass the virus on. So they're much safer than someone who says they're negative but doesn't know. #gettested #knowyourstatus
Context for my foreign friends: Hong Kong experienced the SARS outbreak in 2003, and there are fears that the virus from Wuhan could be SARS 2.0. In both instances, censorship re: the outbreak from the CCP are exacerbating the problem  …
‘We can beat Ebola but must prepare for  next’  Director @JeremyFarrar speaks to @guardian on the fight against the deadly virus  …
#HongKong puts another six people in isolation over fears they've caught the mystery Wuhan virus, bringing the total number of suspected cases in the SAR so far to 21.  …
you are infected with a deadly virus And the antidote is either you .... 1 Eat your shit Or 2. Drink your friend piss What will you do??
I’m in a  KO. Some badass virus got to me. Let’s hope I can be back at the end of this week. Thanks for the mentions! Appreciate it! Wish you all the best and a happy trading year!
Happy 76th birthday to Rolf Zinkernagel - join us in congratulating him. Zinkernagel shared the 1996 Medicine Prize with Peter Doherty for proving how the immune system recognises virus-ridden cells. 
The word “ Try “ is nothing but a mind virus.
malwarebytes @me in the morning bc I downloaded like 4 porn games and now have 400 virus threats detected 
A mysterious virus in central China has infected dozens, raising fears of a new epidemic. Here's what to know 
New in CMI> Toscana virus is an important cause of meningitis and encephalitis; however, it remains a neglected virus with limited published data. This review highlights recent findings on virus genetics, and geographic and medical aspects. #IDTwitter  
Some people that was diagnosed with HIV don't die because of the virus. They die because of the depression and sadness caused by judgmental people. PLHIV are no different from us. Mas magiging mabilis ang recovery nila if we show them our love and support instead of judging them.
white blood cell attacking virus (1,000,000X magnification) 
Healthcare workers in the Wuhan region are still working to identify the virus, its cause and the source, but do not yet have answers 
it’s almost like... the flu shot was invented for a reason...?? like... it actually works as a preventative measure against the virus?????
"The Wuhan seafood market, which has since been closed, also sold birds, pheasants, and snakes, along with organs of rabbits and other wildlife... That’s triggered concern about the potential jump of an unknown virus to humans...."  …
POV: you’re the virus in Harry’s body that made him sick 
I still believe this should not be a debate. The only things that prevent people from dating persons living with HIV (PLHIV) are stigma and discrimination. Y'all can stay safe and love each other. Love is stronger than any virus.  …
The T7 Autophage in action. The T7 Autophage is an experimental soundart instrument that makes sounds based on the life cycle of a bacteriophage which is a virus that infects bacteria. #arduino #3dprinting #experimentalmusic #soundart 
The alarming surge in human immunodeficiency virus infections and teenage pregnancies is hobbling efforts to improve the country’s performance in education while robbing young Filipinos of their future, Sen. Sherwin Gatchalian has warned.  
A Mystery Virus Has Infected Dozens in China. Officials Have Ruled Out SARS  …
 doesn't have a virus. It's just sick, from all the nastiness its been forced to search!
A promising new virus treatment,  with immunotherapy, is helping patients with advanced-stage melanoma live longer.  .
After 35 years, a deadly virus has been tamed. Soon it could be history.  …
Clone Wars #365StarWarsWomen posts are  Here's Peppi Bow who is featured in the episode "Blue Shadow Virus." She's voiced by Gwendoline Yeo - one of the many TCW actresses I have yet to get to.  …
For the record. I cant believe I have to say this again I believe all MMA is garbage tier entertainment for degenerates. I tweet JMMA only to lure the weak willed and infect them with the kickboxing virus This is my stance since the Bush administration and age only emboldens me
My PS3 Tool is in free mode, so enjoy it. If your anti-virus program deletes the tool, just disable your anti-virus and try to download it again. Don't worry, it's not a virus. The tool is just obfuscated. Here is a download link: 
Dude straight up became a scientist cuz he wanted to eat pizza without getting sick, made a pill that infected himself with a virus to give him DNA that CURED HIS LACTOSE INTOLERANCE and he got less than 300k views  …
Healthcare workers in the Wuhan region are still working to identify the virus, its cause and the source, but do not yet have answers 
Guinea grass mosaic virus  
Bandit UPDATE: She’s being treated for a tummy virus and gets spayed Thursday. Besides that she is in full health, loves to explore, is no longer scared of big dogs and loving being pampered. #doglovers #dogsoftwitter 
China mystery virus: SARS, MERS and bird flu ruled out  …
How to Secure Your Wi-Fi Router and Protect Your Home Network  #Cybersecurity #cybercrime #cyberattacks #hacker #hack #breach #phishing #dos #ransomware #malware #virus #apt #pii #nist #fcc #finra #hipaa #pci
Online hate speech could be contained like  virus The AI, which is currently 80% accurate at identifying hate speech, will offer a new way to control exposure to negative content without resorting to censorship. #artificialintelligence #ai  …
China said a mysterious viral pneumonia outbreak that has affected 59 people was not the flu-like virus SARS that killed hundreds more than a decade ago 
#Bitcoin might be the most expertly crafted and thoroughly reviewed piece of software ever created. Yet it is flagged by many anti virus programs as "potentially unwanted programm". Report @bitcoincoreorg & @wasabiwallet as false positives! 
Neither dominos nor virus. Let's avoid these disease analogies when we speak about societies at war!  …
Last of the leftovers - mixed media and residual virus 
Thank you for the many replies. I owe it to all of you to provide this update. I walked to MinuteClinic near me and saw ARNP. Vitals normal. Diagnosis is virus with right ear infection. Treatment: DayQuil and antibiotic Augmentin for seven days. I hope we don’t get into a war. 
i like that this is the site to inexplicably have the 28 days later rage virus about any given situation 
While Bitcoin Twitter is in its drama bubble, I just found a Bitcoin ATM in the middle of a mall in Bulgaria. No one cares about us all on twitter, the #bitcoin virus is spreading and that’s the only thing that is exciting!  – at Delta Planet
For the first #TWiV of 2020 we reveal that microbiome depletion with antibiotics alters the immune response to influenza vaccine, and how successive blood meals facilitate virus dissemination in mosquitoes and transmission potential  #Science 
Concept - The Virus Pack! Do you like it? #Fortnite 
My right ear is stuffed or plugged. My hearing is muffled as a result. I have had virus for past week. When I blow my nose I hear it trying to clear. Will this resolve with my virus. Any help appreciated.
I feel like death warmed up. For some reason I’m watching trump’s speech on Friday to some church thing, on BBC Parliament Channel that shows C Span. God he’s vile. More vile than whatever virus has taken hold in my body. VILE. I couldn’t h8 him more. That’s my twitter day done.
the way jackson pops out of nowhere and made shownu and minhyuk smile, I love this happy virus sm ♡ @OfficialMonstaX 
Eight more patients sent to hospitals in HK over Wuhan pneumonia fears but the number of patients in Wuhan stays on 44 as days ago and interestingly the virus has reached Hong Kong but rest of China reports none? Who knows how many we receive fr elsewhere?  …
"the thing is: u should put a smile even tho u have worries when i smile i can make ppl around me happy i can generate some happy virus what u can spread to others is amazing" junhoe 구준회 #구준회 #KOOJUNHOE #JUNE #ジュネ #具晙会 
#Vaccines contain many bizarre ingredients. E.g. #GMO #Flu vaccine FLUBLOK contains insect virus #DNA & armyworm (Spodoptera frugiperda) cell proteins.  … Never before in history have such things been injected into humans. #LearnTheRisk #GMOs 
can’t believe the flu had the audacity to go to seungmin. you DO NOT deserve seungmin, you hear me? seungmin is a god and you are just a petty little influenza virus. i hope seungmin’s lymphocytes, macrophages, and t cells burn you to a crisp and stop you from reproducing
a thread of stays mentally fighting a virus bc im bored
This is for the influenza virus you big f@t wh*te nasty smelling f@t b*tch why you took my motherfcking baby with your trifling dirty wh*te r*cist ass you big f@t b*tch oompa loompa b*dy ass b*tch  outside and I'm going to be@t the fck out of you b*tch
pov: you’re an influenza virus cell in seungmin’s body and i’m beating you tf up 
Y’all I just had a heart attack bc nurse joy told me my Pokémon had a virus until I googled it and found out it was a good thing
me, marching down to seungmin’s immune system & fighting the virus that caused him to get the flu 
Alright now who wants to beat up the influenza virus with me so Seungmin never gets sick again we ride at dawn
#VaccineDeepState: Hegelian Dialectic In Full Effect These false flag outbreaks have been going on for years. It goes something like: Plans R put in place. Vaccines R developed. A novel flu virus is unleashed. WHO declares pandemic. Rinse. Repeat. Despite proven corruption. 
TALA is now officially a virus.
CDC & Merck, 2006: We have a vax for a virus that’s over the last 2 decades. We don’t have proof of efficacy or proper safety studies (we need 20+ yrs). We don’t know if it causes cancer nor how it impacts a fetus. Thus, we have unanimously agreed to force it on teenage girls.
Grateful for modern medicine and technology that got our girl breathing steadily (if not  yet) this morning. Very happy not to be at 30, 000 feet with a kid this sick. Very sad this crazy virus has hit her so hard.
4) Q drop 734 Experimental Drug Promises to Kill Flu Virus 11 Feb 2018 Anonymous 11 Feb 2018 >>342714 sauce  … >>342747 What a coincidence. This board has more power & influence than  
My husband is sick and thinks he has : botulism, some disease that sheds your stomach lining, SBO, the flu, or he is dying. Pretty sure he just has a general virus and feels like crap
Iran’s spear phishing ... “I’ll send you a file including my photos but u should deactivate your anti virus to open it because I designed my photos with a photo album software, I hope you enjoy the photos I designed for the new year, they should be opened in  honey”
Congratulations to Bruno, our #TxID fellow, on publishing on the experience of hepatitis B virus in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation from his previous centre in Sao Paolo, !  …
Another good effect is herd immunity, u can fight off the influenza virus with few good days of rest but many cant. They rely on herd immunity. If u think flu jabs are worthless, technically u are also part of the anti vaccination nuts.
#DidYouKnow that #GMO #Flu vaccine FLUBLOK contains insect virus #DNA & armyworm cell proteins?  … Substituting toxic vaccine ingredients with other potentially toxic ingredients does not make #vaccines safer. #LearnTheRisk #GMOs #VaccineSafety 
'Iranian hackers' breach US government website operated by the Federal Depository Library Program in retaliation for airstrike. Time to activate dormant virus in Iran.  
This has  the sad reality after so many women have  infected with the feminist virus... 
YCP is all about fake news, broken promises, fraud minds, and loot mindsets. RT if you think @YSRCParty is a deadly virus to AP.
【Unknown Pneumonia in China】 China is facing an increase in the pneumonia of unknown cause. The Wuhan (in Hebei) authority released a statement on 3rd January that the number of patients has increased to 44. The local authority is trying to identify the virus of this disease.  …
If you have A headache A cough or sore throat High fever Muscle pain You may be infected by #influenza  called the #flu. Getting a flu vaccine each year is the best way to prevent the flu. 
30. #NoMoreBenghazis Insider Pro-Tip: Update  virus protection NOW. US Army Cyber Command reporting a MAJOR attack happening now... Iran targeting EVERYTHING GOV, military, & infrastructure. Online banking & shopping: careful next few days.  …
One well executed virus - that's all it takes. One little worm and everyone here laughing won't be laughing for long, at least not online.
it is an airborne virus that infects only defective DNA, possibly engineered by KGB
How Iran's Hackers Might Strike Back After Soleimani's Assassination  … #Cybersecurity #cybercrime #cyberattacks #hacker #hack #breach #phishing #dos #ransomware #malware #virus #apt #pii #nist #fcc #finra #hipaa #pci
#ICYMI - Examining how specific antibodies react with the Ebola virus leads to a promising drug with far higher survival rates @advancedphoton -  
#ChinesePneumonia Outbreak: Mystery virus probed in #Wuhan, one of the major #traffic hub connecting the Northern and Southern #China. #Chinese Spring Festival travel PEAK SEASON  wear #mask if you MUST go..! #中国肺炎 #春運  …
Pic i got as a get well gift from @kainine_draws in which then @RainyCatto colored n stuff (for context, came down with a bit of a stomach virus on friday, hence why i havent done much recently) either way go follow em both 
India is trying to stop all type of virus from Pakistan. That's why they brought CAA and preparing for NRC. But some people of India is opposing it, shows virus already started penetrating in India and  flush out of these viruses to save India from infection.
It’s a mind virus 
We are blind indeed if we look at anything without our blinders on (human botfly, tapeworm, liver fluke, yersinia pestis [bubomic plague], noro virus, rectal worms, crab lice...). Most of the biological world exists within this guy's blind spot, but he calls you blind.  …
Ending off the break with a amazing stomach virus
2/2 This virus is also friendly with secondary bacterial infections. If you develop an unproductive cough and discolored mucus (or pain/tightness in your chest) for more than 3 days, go see your doctor. You may need an antibiotic.
Please i beg no scientist create some virus out of this and cause apocalypse
1/2 I’ve been sick since the 26th. Much better. About 1/2 of LB is sick right now. It’s a virus that takes 2-3 weeks to run its course for most people. Drink lots of non-caffeinated fluids. You can use allergy meds (Claritin/Zyrtec) to help w/ post-nasal drip so you can sleep.
where will all the martyrs go when the virus cures itself, and where will we all go when it's too late?
Stars die just like people Neil who  …
Washington DC's Dulles Airport hires Ebola virus screeners  …
WALE
TO PLAY WITH LOOK, IT'S LOVE BRICKS WITH VIRUS ENHANCEMENT UBER TURD YEARS TO GET THE A TEACHER AND WIMPY. FROM LIONEL RICHIE AND WHALES AND ENDS WITH SOME STEVE BANNON SHOULD MOVE YOUR PERFORM THAT KIND WAVE IN HIS DETROIT RED WINGS KANE MAH JONGG SEE FAVA BEANS.
I’m so sorry to hear about his siblings, but so grateful that you have a happy ending! When Parco was first discovered (late 70’s?) I lost one of my dogs to it. It was heartbreaking to watch her go through the progression of the virus.
It’s like a virus. It’s spreading  …
I got this flu virus kicking my ass for two months now, every time i think i got over it,  back to tell me i aint shit.
<3 my failed career was gonna be immunology ! also i've just gone thru a fat old gastric virus.
Cyrus the Virus!!
Watch notoriousarenaleague with me on Twitch!  … #SeaOfThieves
