Toronto people have caught the virus of Risky Davido made classic songs No doubt 
a new study just came out that said people with big tiddies are more likely to have worse colds and flus. the fat in the breast retains the virus or something. i’m going to die just so i can lodge a  with someone
Coming Soon... #Virus 
I catch feelings faster than unvaccinated infant catching virus
y’all have that virus link? ima send it to t*aylena stans from my personal and tell them it’s the link to justins leaked album & get them off stan twitter one virus at a time 
Calipari says Juzang is quarantined in the lodge. He has a virus. Ellen made him vegan cookies last night and Cal "brought them over and slid them under the door."
Shameless. The Ole mediocrity virus is now at epidemic levels  …
CDC reports 5 more pediatric flu deaths, for a season total of 27 so far. Learn the warning signs of a severe flu virus infection in children, and seek immediate medical attention if your child shows any of these symptoms:  
"Cancel culture" is just collective decisionmaking about what's too toxic/infectious to consume, & collective work to  from that poison/virus. Complaining about it is a sure sign you care more about protecting your brand than  self-care.
I truly hope you are correct. However, I am not as optimistic as you, as I have witnessed this Leftist movement first hand. I believe, many Canadians are simply not realizing the evilness of the Left, the UN and the global Socialist virus that is infecting Canada.  …
Bandit UPDATE: She is officially up for adoption and taking applications now. She will be fully ready to be in a new home by Monday after she’s treated for a tummy virus and gets Spayed. Life’s looking up for this little one! Southern CA #AdoptDontShop #doglovers 
Humans had a hard time accepting to be descendants of #monkeys. Then #scientists argued that we are descendants of #bacteria. Once you know the real story of #virus & that +8% of our #DNA is sourced from viruses: we better get used to the fact that we are descendants of 
Liberals are all loose character, shameless tharoor virus infected breed pressed missed call without thinking the moment they saw lone woman seeking a partner to chat. They are exposed into bits.. exposure will continue more till they don't mute themselves
Currently rocking an eye infection, flu, and some other whack ass virus... I like it. The world is telling me I need a full reset before I take off full steam ahead in 2020... Remember there is always a positive for every negative, it’s all about perspective
Bitcoin can't succeed. The people working on it are too smart. The innovations are happening too fast. The virus is spreading too far. The principles make too much sense. The problems it fixes are too many. The hashrate is too high. The blocks are produced too consistently.
For decades, I drank 12 to 16 cups of coffee daily. I reduced this over the past few months to 6 daily. While I have had my virus this week, I am down to 2 per day, but I am having my 3rd now--and I still have my virus. I doubt I will ever escalate to 12 again. #CaffieneAddiction
just had cyber sex, hope i don’t get a virus
The absolute best boy ever. You genuinely the mood maker and really a happy virus 
Please stop taking unprescribed antibiotics for the flu. Not only is this dangerous, but it will not work. Antibiotics are for bacterial infections and the flu is a virus. It’s also not a cold, so your home remedies won’t work either. They may relieve your symptoms but not cure.
don’t get suck into the matrix of being a ppl pleaser, that shits a virus
I’m going to get harassed for saying this but every woman should know how to inject nanoliters of adeno associated virus (AAV) in a specific brain region using stereotactic coordinates. It’s part of being an incredible nurturer and caregiver.  …
our fandom will be like a herpes virus. it fades away into the background noise as other things  more prevalent but always ALWAYS makes sudden dramatic reappearances
Within my lifetime, Trump will cease to exist. I long for that morning I wake up and greet the new day full of hope, and the monster from hell is gone. #ToxicTrump is a virus that attacks the soul. REMOVE THE DISEASE.
Those big feet. She isn’t done yet, is she? It’s Saturday and all is calm. I’m feeling so much better after my virus. Don’t quite feel ready to go back to my book on Monday though, might have a few days off in lieu?!  
There was someone yesterday, some bland burgher of Conservative Twitter who looked like a Midwestern insurance adjuster, who tweeted about Iran "don't start none, won't get none," and it's possible some brain-eating zombie virus has afflicted white conservapundits of Twitter. 
"Shauna from Shameless is making me Famous! Incredible reach and vision and able to spread our songs worldwide better than a virus! A wonder to work with and hoping to extend the relationship forever. Thanks again!" WALTER LURE, THE HEARTBREAKERS/THE WALDOS 
Congrats to @Gann_ER: after numerous co-authorships his initial first author paper is out. Hidden in the story of light, the brown tide algae Aureococcus and infection by a giant virus are all the techniques he needed to develop or perfect.  …
God of our fathers hearken to the words that has been uttered.many have died and are still dying , I don't want mercy but another virus Keep me and the multitude to witness that virus Sesikhale kwenela  …
XSpear v1.3 - Powerfull XSS Scanning And Parameter Analysis Tool #Hackers #CyberWar #Cybercrime #DeepWeb #DarkWeb #Virus #BlackHat #WhiteHat #Pentester #Spam #Ransomware #SpyData #Scam #DDoS #BotHunter #Sniffer 
What's the best anti-virus that i should use?
#Blakes7 Season 4, Episode 09 - Sand REEVE: [Examines the body of the assistant] He's quite dead. There's no sign of an injury. Could be the virus. SERVALAN: Or it might have been heart failure. Unless you want to perform an autopsy, I suggest we move on. [He... [1/2] 
About 50% of those exposed to norovirus (the winter vomiting bug) will also get sick. If you catch it, stay at home until 48 hours after your symptoms stop. Please also avoid visiting hospitals and care homes as the virus is more serious for people who are already ill. 
Did your doctor tell you the #FluShot INCREASES respiratory issues 4.4 times? #STUDY: Increased Risk of Noninfluenza Respiratory Virus Infections Associated with Receipt of Inactivated #Influenza #Vaccine  … #LearnTheRisk #VaccineInjury #FluVaccine 
It’s always the people who insist that they never get sick & don’t need the flu shot that inevitably show up in your office demanding an antibiotic for a virus Get it together peeps.. you either believe in science or you don’t
Abuja way, I make my carrot oil in a clean environment so no need to fret about Virus , 
Hell, you little subbies are so subservient and infected, it almost makes me wet! My powers, my virus will soon spread inside of you too and then you will feed me with your soul every day... Thats how it works, thats the deal my dear! Come, dont hide anymore, you wont regret! 
A bit of an absence as I've been very poorly since mid December. A virus became a chest infection & hospital admission followed. New Year spent in isolation in hospital, but I'm finally home & starting a gradual recovery. Phew - what a challenging few weeks!
Novel human virus? Pneumonia cases linked to seafood market in China stir concern  …?
mr gerard way i need you to hand over the rabies virus right now i want it
According to a study, an increased intake of the nutrients found in papaya lowers rates of infection by HPV, the cervical cancer virus   …
Remember VIRUS of 3 idiots - "Nobody remembers who came second" #WinningSid
Experimental infections and vaccinations show evidence for cross protection to Mayaro virus infection from neutralising antibodies to Chikungunya (and vice versa)  …
Please don't call the number 8866288662. You will be connected to a virus and your entire bank balance (if u hav any) will be wiped out.
Because my work is  a lot. I got virus and need to clean up something n/ I use my second laptop first I can't post HQ today.
We live in a viral world. At least one virus infects every species scientists have identified Here’s the experts tracking the Nipah virus  …
Im infected with the #Shatta virus! You can’t do anything about it.. It is how it is . #Sm4lyf The more you hate, the more I love get tht.
Woke up loaded with a virus, bones are sore, head and throat banging. Would love a day on the couch but then you remember you have dogs that no one else is allowed to walk #LifeOfADogHandler 
The number of cases of suspected pneumonia in #HongKonghas increased to 8, including a 4-yo child. All the patients have been to #Wuhan in the last few weeks There is a pneumonia outbreak caused by a mystery virus inWuhan, and it's spreaded to HK already 
Before we fully rise up, we have to remove the virus.
Whatsapp has found a new malware, which can be exploited to hack and steal the media files from your phone. The message says you to call a number " *8866288662* ",after dialing this, the virus will get installed in your phone. Please be aware. *Do not dial*. Issued by Whatsapp
cancelling plans is ok. going to therapy is ok. changing your name is ok. respecting your boss is ok. following your boss’s last wishes is ok. developing a virus to kill all humans and using his son as a carrier is ok. do what u need to cope
China blocks information on mysterious pneumonia outbreak all the time. Remember 2003 SARS outbreak, China blocked all information, caused lots of deaths due to virus wasn’t controlled in time & mutated. China’s mentality especially on fatal infectious disease is worrying.
jeno kicking the virus that made haechan sick 
Chief Secretary for Administration said: "It is not necessary to reduce the number of flights & high-speed railway from #Wuhan. We have to do a better job in epidemic prevention in #HongKong" There is a pneumonia outbreak caused by a mystery virus in Wuhan 
"You people are not a race, you're a virus, you destroy the world. You drag us from our homes, rape our daughters, murder our sons & do all you can to break our will..." 
Asia except the Philippines? What is our govt doing abt this? Anything? Like stricter health controls & screening at all our entry points? Or again,doing nothing & just sleeping on the job as usual? Asia on alert over mysterious virus outbreak in China  …
THE MCS MENTIONED PENTAGON AS HAPPY VIRUS? I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS YES YOU'RE RIGHT PENTAGON IS MY HAPPY VIRUS
Sun is going to release his new music album " kabhi ultraviolet kabhi infrared " in next monthAn IAS officer also infected with Sangi virus. This is the result of Being feku's Andh Bhakt.  …
[ENG SUB] 191231 #EXplOrationDotDay3 Junmyeon's words to #CHANYEOL #찬열 "... He is actually the mood maker of this venue. He is really a happy virus right?..." "...Thanks to him not only members but also fans, staffs, managers, production staffs, I think we always cry & laugh" 
Last night, health authorities in Wuhan confirmed 17 new cases of viral pneumonia in a mysterious outbreak that’s had the city on high alert. 11 are in critical condition. Experts are scrambling to identify the virus, which may be a new strain. My story:  …
I don't have AIDS, only HIV, which is a virus that causes AIDS, when not controlled. I was born with the virus
tfw your antivirus is actually the virus the whole time  …
dont keep on phoning them or texting them,let them take it in.there are plenty of ppl I know that are+ but their partner still negative simply coz of arvz it helps to keep the virus almost non existent.Remember nobody wil love you more than urself, plz RT this,lets educate others 
Remember that it doesnt matter who gave u the virus u cant change the past, we have to learn to love ourselves first. Sit ur partner down and say to them I cannot keep this in any longer I tired but I just cant, and tell them ur status
me inside lucas’ nostril fighting his virus infected nasal cells after finding out he caught a cold 
I have a DOS virus... It's terminal
just spreading some huening kai happy virus oh and happy #10MOAnthsWithTXT! don't forget to also watch Golden Disc Awards today at 5 PM KST. TXT will be performing! have a great weekend, ningdungies! @TXT_members 
I need prayer, friends. Things took a turn today and I reached my limit. I also have intense back pain and am feeling nauseous (not sure if back or stress or virus), and I’m on my own with the baby for the next few days. I’m struggling. And I’m really discouraged. Thanks.
WW3 ain’t gonna happen don’t believe the memes
Je follow back tout ceux qui me follow back et je retweet tout leur tweet
Ebola Virus Fixation? The amount of Ebola-related patents is quite impressive/astounding. Are they expecting an outbreak or something? (input sarcasm)  @BusyDrT
Jfbk
So, SSE has updated us on Jooheon. Poor thing, it seems like he might have a virus of some kind since they said he has a fever and a cold chill+ body ache. It is winter time and the flu and other viruses are traveling around like crazy. Get some rest honey bee 
Thrilled to be hosting a session with @Lab_Sullivan about "Why and How do Phages Transform their Host into a 'Virocell'?" at ASM2020. With exciting talks from @envirophage , @RobLavigne1 and @JchenLab  … 1/2
When people living with HIV are on effective antiretroviral treatment, they can live long, healthy lives and not pass on the virus to their sexual partners. #PEPFARSavesLives Photo by 
Listening to a @cbcasithappens segment abt animal rescue in Australia. Zero mentions of #ClimateChange This would be like reporting on deaths from the Spanish flu in 1918 by saying “boy it’s sure sad all these people died!” ignoring the role the virus played in killing them
i feel like i’m an online virus asking people to join the contest using my link and i’m sorry for being annoying, but meeting selena has been such a dream for me for 11+ years and to have this opportunity makes me internally grateful. 
Racism is already mainstream – soon it might be the norm. From the dark web to the White House, xenophobia and spurious race science are spreading like a virus via  …
Watch this space if you're a college senior graduating in 2020 who wants to work in a fun lab for a couple of years before heading to grad/med school. Or look me up if you are a prospective @MCBSeattle or @uwgenome grad student interested in chromatin or host-virus evolution /
Using gene therapy to treat CTE A newly developed adeno-associated virus vector can deliver an anti-p Tau antibody directly to the hippocampus, significantly reducing pTau levels associated with CTE.  …
"After examining his smartphones, Citizen Lab, a nonprofit organization based in Toronto, told him that they had been infected with Pegasus, a virus created by an Israeli  NSO Group."  …
Normal cath with some enzymes. Everyone in hospital has a virus. This #whycmr is rule out 
| Our scheduled @BarclaysFAWSL game at @westhamwomen on Sunday has been postponed due to a widespread flu virus in the Hammers squad. The fixture will now be rearranged, with a new date and kick-off time to be announced in due course.
“PLUS PLUS" by: Leila Gonzales Mapúa University - Manila Logline: A closeted gay who falls in love with his best guy friend. Soon they both find out that they are infected with Human Immunodeficiency Virus. #CineMapúa2020 #Mapúa2020 
The Club’s Barclays FA Women's Super League match with Everton on Sunday has been postponed due to a significant outbreak of a flu virus within Matt Beard's squad.  …
Ever wonder how you find those host factors that are so important to viral infection? @GraceSchaack and Andy review the diverse experimental approaches that define the virus:host interface. Excited to be part of this excellent (and open access) collection.  …
Paul Pogba is so mature to be quiet after that Ryan Giggs gibberish. He's the opposite of a person being a virus. Lukaku won't take this
Today, I am a well known for living positively beyond HIV and as an Activist in Botswana for children living with the virus
Thread. Hard to see how anything remotely resembling “justice” was done here, regardless. Coercive plea bargaining is the Ebola virus of criminal justice. Destroys the integrity of the entire system and makes it bleed from every orifice.  …
Virus”Crippled Travelex Was Running Windows 8, RDP Connected to Internet By @cbronline  … #Cybersecurity #digitalcurrency #Fintech #Ransomware Cc: @Damien_CABADI @Xbond49 @NeiraOsci @archonsec @rtehrani @AshokNellikar @JBarbosaPR @PVynckier 
All MS are doing is not supporting Windows 7, it will not stop on the day they stop supporting. You have a good anti virus yes ? Wait until you NEED to upgrade the PC and automatically move to win 10
The #flu virus can live on some surfaces for up to 24 HOURS Regularly clean surfaces in your home, like light switches, remote controls and door knobs + practice other good health habits to keep flu away! 
Stoking fears that a novel virus may have begun to infect people, health authorities in the central Chinese city of Wuhan have announced they have documented over 40 cases of a “viral pneumonia of unknown cause.” 
The free anti-virus  with  #Malware #Hacking #Cybersecurity #InfoSec #CyberSec #InfoSecurity #Hacker #Hackers 
Flu activity was high in Ireland during weeks 51 & 52 2019. Influenza A(H3N2) is dominant circulating virus to date this season. Confirmed flu hospitalisations continue to increase.  that antivirals be considered for treatment & prophylaxis of flu in at-risk groups 
It has nothing to do with fairness, equality or socialist principles. It is a twisted world vision that has entered the party like a virus, ripped out its  and replaced it with the global mindset of the PFLP
A new CDC report shows that about 154,000 people with #HIV (14%) don’t know it. People who know they have HIV can benefit from medicine that allows them to stay healthy, control the virus, and prevent transmitting HIV to others. Learn more:  
2020 is off to a flying start Molly is clearly exhausted by all this napping. Her allergies seem to have calmed down a bit so the allergy kibble seems to be helping. Still waiting for the Lysine treats so no gel! But the virus flare up seems to have settled a little... 
The spread of misinformation is like a super virus causing a worldwide outbreak. Awful
Asian governments on alert over mysterious virus outbreak in China - Nikkei  … cc @RITT41 @moui @KillerPress @ebichu_69 @Thai_Talk @CKA_AY @kalanistan @UglySiam @earth_before @k0b_k0b @lazyblackcat อั๊ยย่ะ อัลไลอีกล่ะนี่
HIV stigma is a public health crisis resulting, in extreme cases, in murder and suicide. It should be a public health duty to inform all of us who live with the virus, and all of those whom we encounter, that effective treatment prevents transmission.  …
200103 seoul fansign : (...)infected by virus, that’s why i wear a mask : just say it’s cold~ : ㅎㅎ i caught cold and has to wear a mask to proceed so please don’t misunderstand : i’m sorry to fans who intent to take pretty photos(of me) 
Could relatives of measles virus jump from animals to us? The argument for or against stopping immunisation after eradication. Similar to the smallpox debate, where now monkeypox is seen in those not immunised. Nevertheless good that smallpox is gone!  …
Trump Starts World War 3 Ewure can’t contract HIV because his dick can’t reach where the Virus is. Ewure calls Danny Walter "Umuahia Ramsey Noah, Yellow Sex Toy"  …
50+ Malayalam films released last yr at TN & 10 turned out to be success. 2019 Top Mollywood Hits: 1. #Lucifer 2. #ThanneermathanDinangal 3. #KumbalangiNights 4. #Uyare 5. #Virus 6. #LoveActionDrama 7. #MaduraRaja 8. #DrivingLicence 9. #KettiyolaanuEnteMalakha 10. #Helen
Kpasa  yesty, #ChopBet virus outbreak 
This is an extremely good take tbh. Like, she is clearly begging for support from  she is way the fuck out of touch with in this video. Which has been  all along, but she pitches it as some sort of cultural virus conspiracy.  …
It's never too late to protect yourself and your patients. We're calling on all of our members to get the flu vaccination and to spread the word, not the virus.  
Yes! This #NewYear, learn the facts! A person living with HIV who is on effective treatment cannot pass on the virus.  …
Your MCM Ewure be steady claiming King Big D, meanwhile he can’t contract HIV coz his D can’t reach where the virus is and apart from that his D is so portable. If he’s your bf, you can detach and keep it in your drawer, so he won’t cheat on you. Ilorin Peng Man
What causes tetanus? Bacteria, virus, dirty soil, or village people? #DrOlufunmilayoMedicalQuiz Retweet and reply. Only replies stand a chance. Fastest right answer with the hashtag wins. Glo card.
oney draws himself like human fanart of a bad guy disease from an osmosis jones reboot, half sentient virus lookin ass dipshit lmao eat my ass you all edge no point freak, your fans that harass people on your behalf like prion infested attack dogs can suck farts out of my ass too
Heroes are not born but made in times of struggle. We salute the unsung heroes of Pakistan Polio Eradication Initiative - our polio workers who go door to door in the scorching heating and freezing cold to protect future generations and from the crippling polio virus 
If there is but one country that knows just how important 'cyber' is to military strategy... Its probably the one that got its multi billion dollar nuke program literally blown to bits by a virus, and has had a keen interest in reciprocating that ever since. Just saying.
I’m so sorry I didn’t wish You a Happy New Year,but I got sick,..Am Still sick. Have Been to drs. Seems is Some Sort Of Stomach Virus…hurts. I Send My&FOR 2020. Me
SARS-like virus started in Wuhan, China, where a level 4 safety biochemical laboratory is located. Then it appears in HongKong, Chinese Communist Party is suspected to have spread the virus in order to take control over HongKong.  …
The Blue Shadow Virus episode has one of my favorite quotes from #TheCloneWars When Padme says “What a waste” about clones dying to the virus, Rex says: “With all due respect, ma’am, it’s what these men were born to do.” That’s such a harrowing statement. It speaks volumes  
Researchers at the UK’s University of Cambridge have created a new software technology that treats online “hate speech” as  “virus” or “malware.” Something tells me it will focus on conservatives, & ignore far left hate speech..
the next thing it does is call interrupt 21h (DOS), function 7BCF, so I go to look up what that DOS function does and... oh. that's just the virus. 
Linking XMRV retrovirus to ME/CFS was ranked as one of the top stories of 2009. A rhesus monkey study showed the virus quickly vanished from the blood stream. But scientists had a way to provoke it to replicate to detectable levels and presumably cause the disease. A vaccination
Emergence of human infection with Jingmen tick virus: A retrospective study.  
the virus was targeted to destroy the information related to their identities, but that means their identities were a parameter of the virus itself... we finally have the names of the patriots  …
My son got a virus on his Mac that kept changing the default search engine in Safari to Bing. We fixed it. But who makes these viruses? Can’t believe Microsoft does. Then who benefits from it?
me. i’ve used 123movies everyday for the past few months and haven’t caught a virus on my laptop yet  …
Pru, i don’t think it is inevitable we are virus-like in our behaviours. Our viral  from a sick ideology - predatory capitalism - a colonial, extraction type of economy. It is a choice that ‘we’ make to live this way. Our leadership could take us to sustainability.
In order to feel better you need to pass the virus to someone else. Sit in the CNN lobby. Lol.
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: dr phil is definitely a semi-liquid alien life force w no nucleus (like a virus) that blasted in from space, landed on a golf course, and snuck into a random white mans body by way of his left ear.  …
What causes Common Cold? Virus, Bacteria, Parasite, Dust or village people? (Remember fastest answer first. Submit answers as a reply. Only replies qualify for a win.)
Broken smart phone? Virus on your laptop? Bring your devices that are working less than perfectly and our tech team will do our best to get you up and running. 2/1 1-3 pm at the Washington Street Community Center 
“From 1955 to 1963, an estimated 10-30% of polio vaccines administered in the United States were contaminated with simian virus 40 (SV40). The virus came from monkey kidney cell cultures used to make polio vaccines at that time.”  …
 virus forced a US maritime base offline for more than 30 hours, the country's coast guard has revealed. Ransomware interrupted cameras, door-access control systems and critical monitoring systems at the site.  …
“They are a type of virus that has really got no credibility.” Labor Senator describes Christian missionaries as a "type of virus" after Aboriginal converts reject indigenous spiritism  …
dear changbin chan jisung and minho,,, if you do not start posting i swear to god i will transform into a fuvking phone virus and post FOR YOU YOU FYVKING COWARDS  …
Travelex has taken all of its sites offline after being targeted by a software virus 
This is an excellent list, just adding: if you have  infection (cold, stomach virus, etc), DO NOT visit your friend in hospital
Last May in @ForeignPolicy I predicted African Swine Fever virus would wipe out much of Asia's pigs & worsen China/ #Trump trade tensions amid falling demand for US soy & corn.  … Now ex-colleague @YanzhongHuang offers fresh  …
It was all apart of the Malware Messiahs plan. He and his little trojan army are doing their best to erode the Democratic party. They even swarm attack like a virus.
The Wuhan mystery outbreak may be resolving, but the Chinese government has been so parsimonious about information that we don't know even the most rudimentary info, such as whether the cause is a virus, bacterium or fungus. Because of the 2003 legacy, MORE 
Foreign currency service Travelex said it has taken all its sites offline after being attacked by a software virus on New Year's Eve
 Finally, RESPONSIBLE ADULTS start to push-back at the TRANSGENDER LUNACY sweeping the whole world like a brain-eating virus!
A virus that illegally downloads a rom of Super Mario Bros to  it infects and then reports them to Nintendo’s legal team.
 … We should all be scared and outraged that the FDA and Big pharma are creating this mess... NVIC-1986 allows this industry to poison you legally, give you a virus/disease legally and blame part of the population, all 4 profit. @va_shiva @DrKND @Rectitude20
Those saying the ARVs were donations are wrong. There is no free lunch. still I wonder why we still as Africans never like examining the history of HIV? Those same guys you are lauding for FREE ARVs are the ones who made the virus. some things must be said. Lamu, William Ruto 
N.S. now paying for infants to be immunized  virus  
netcheat  of course. fun fact: UNP and similar unpackers work by executing the unpacker built in the EXE! in other words, NEVER USE THEM ON AN EXECUTABLE YOU DON'T TRUST! LIKE, FOR EXAMPLE, THE VIRUS I JUST RAN IT ON 
We here at the IPA think #ScottyfromMarketing #LiarFromTheShire #hillsongcult member @ScottMorrisonMP  that these fires cost far more than votes. We have tried to reprogram him but the Hillsong virus has made it impossible. #auspol2020  …
Does anyone know which vaccines contain the cancer-causing simian virus 40 SV40? Asking for a friend.  …
The fact that this is a tweet thread rather than a published article should give you some idea of how worried Chinese authorities are, despite the relatively small number of infections. Also key that the virus has not yet been identified. Will post any updates/links below. 20/end
Hey! I’m Abra Rosaline. I’m a Plant Pathologist, working on cross protection to control virus in cucurbits plants. Plants feed the world and we are Plant doctor..Proud . 2020, International Year of Plant Health #IAmAnActualPlantapathologist #PlantPathologist #IYPH2020  
Man, we spent SO much time telling people "No, you can't get a virus just by opening an e-mail". And then Microsoft's Outlook Express started supporting HTML e-mail with VBScript and JavaScript on the preview pane...  …
THE U.S. GOVERNMENT OWNS THE EBOLA VIRUS PATENT...  …
Mystery pneumonia outbreak in China sparks fear of deadly SARS virus  
An experimental vaccine against the #Zika virus reduced the amount of virus in pregnant rhesus macaques and improved fetal   #globalhealth
NEW GROUNDBREAKING CROSS-CONSORTIA PUBLICATION:  of B- and T-cell epitope-rich loci from Aedes- and Culex-borne flaviviruses shapes Zika virus epidemiology // By researchers from @ZIKAlliance & @ZikaPLAN 
As germs spread in the cold weather season, health professionals are reminding parents about respiratory syncytial  respiratory virus that could be dangerous to young children. 
Don't forget to submit your abstract for the International Virus Bioinformatics Meeting 2020! #IVBM2020 Deadline is in two weeks: 15 January  …
From someone who actually lives in NY. The artists, poets, musicians, dancers, painters,  and free thinkers are what gave NY any beauty and charm. The rich flocked to the city to enjoy what the creative class made & strangled them. The rich are a virus.  …
There is a misconception that Ebola Vaccine (rVSV-ZEBOV) can shed Ebola virus. The vaccine actually contains  VSV with an Ebola surface protein. In otherwords, the vaccine can't shed Ebola virus. It would be shedding rVSV only.  …
Don’t miss Rody Vera’s drama anthology “Under My Skin” from Feb 7-Mar 22. This timely and relevant theater piece will surely touch your hearts as the play explores  issue of HIV and the impact of the virus on multiple characters whose stories are based from real people 
I ve got a nasty growth on my back.. anyone know what kind of virus it might be? 
getting a flu shot is absolutely necessary. no I don't care that you have never gotten it before, if you have insurance and can afford it, you have absolutely no excuse for passing the virus on to people who can't handle it. stop it. grow up.
27 people diagnosed with viral pneumonia have been quarantined in Wuhan, China. By Wednesday, the local authorities had shut down a wholesale seafood market, believed to be the source of the virus.  
1997: The Cult of the Dead Cow admitted it was responsible for the Good Times virus hoax of 1994.  
100 year old measles virus genome (RNA!!!) reconstructed from formalin-fixed lung tissue part of a historical pathology collection @Charite in Berlin. Recalibrating our understanding of its  …
Time for a 2020 re-intro: Hello, new followers! I am a cell biologist who specializes in imaging what happens when a virus infects a cell — so expect colorful #cellfies I care about #DiversityandInclusion, #Fitness, #MentalHealth in STEM, rights, & my 5 dogs… say hi! 
How easy is it to give a virus or infection to a cancer patient? One day easy. Exposed to someone with sore throat and within a few days tested positive for strep and an ear infection. If you're sick, stay home. #immunodeficiency
And you did an amazing job of teaching the world about #HIV and #AIDS. I lost so many friends to the virus in the 80s and 90s. Sometimes it feels like a majority of peers in my generation of the  is gone. #LGBTQ
David Stern was such a history maker. When I announced in 1991 I had HIV, people thought they could get the virus from shaking my hand. When David allowed me to play in the 1992 All Star Game in Orlando and then play for the Olympic Dream Team, we were able to change the world.
**DONATIONS NEEDED** Yesterday we took in a litter of three 4 mos old #pug puppies with parvo virus.  cost of care will likely total over $6000. Onyx, Topaz & Diamond deserve a fighting chance. If you'd like to donate please visit  
Me explaining to my friend that Virus Dude had 13 different accounts, but was one person: 
As the highly contagious measles virus causes more and more deadly outbreaks around the world, scientists think they now know why the preventable disease results in such high mortality rates.  @harvardmed
DONT BELIEVE RUMOURS!!! No one knows what happens inside BB house except in episodes, all that confession room mei bulane vala rumour is BS! someone has planted it to demotivate #AsimRiaz fans! ignore such shit, jaise virus ignore karte. Be careful cuz everyone's playing dirty!!
Me on the good, the bad & the very bad of 2019 on excellent WNYC/NPR on @AllOfItWNYC Talking about “the virus of other people”; MoMA pulling the Modernist stick from it’s keister; that idiot banana that somehow got the whole would talking about art.  …
It wasn’t until production started for Whatever Happened to Victor Virus that I decided to use this for one of the hallucination scenes Before then, I just used it for this lmao  …
As germs spread in the cold weather season, health professionals are reminding parents about respiratory syncytial  respiratory virus that could be dangerous to young children. 
II. #SurveillanceCapitalism 101: 2000’s: SC was born, nurtured by virus of mistrust released by 9/11. No laws to stop it. 2010s: SC  greedy monster, eating everything because it can -- truth, trust, rights, sanctuary, autonomy, democracy. Still no laws to stop it.
I have 20+ years of I.T. experience, I can assist  repair, virus removal, software upgrades, light web and graphics design, etc. I have a host of remote assistance tech at my disposal. If you or someone you know needs  help, DM me. Thanks! #Resist
It’s clear to anyone who wants to see—the thugs who attacked @USEmbBaghdad are bought and paid for by @khamenei_ir. They DO NOT represent Iraqi interests. They’re just a virus used by the Iranian regime to weaken Iraq. The Iraqi people know that. That’s what they’re protesting.  …
HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and other STI (Sexually Transmissitted Infections) cases are continuously increased here in the Philippines. So please practice safe sex, always used and wear condom, avoid casual sex, and practice abstinence.
Breast milk has remarkable properties against herpes virus...according to studies. 
Could relatives of measles virus jump from animals to us? Measles virus belongs to morbilliviruses, which are found in other mammals & can jump from 1 host species to another This might be another risk of poor vaccine coverage against #measles in humans  
Would you believe me if I told you in usa, since 2003, more people died from the #measles #vaccine than the measles #virus? #DownTheRabbitHole #truth #QAnons #vaccination #populationcontrol
Dear female followers, 4 of you getting new year stuff from me...you can win any of them...I'll just  and pick 4...You'll be getting it early February cos  from far place... Note : only my female 
Complaining has a root: ingratitude. It’s like an emotional virus that contaminates everyone  into contact with. Having a heart of gratitude opens blind eyes, showing blessing & spreading positivity and kindness. The more grateful you are, the happier you are.
Fuck that doctor that told me I had a 24 hour stomach virus but ended up needing surgery. Follow your instincts. Them shits saved my life. No cap. 
chanyeol thinks of his members whenever he’s doing things they used to do tgt, he hates being alone, he can recall vividly how they meet for the first time, chanyeol is softhearted and always thinking of others ;____; he’s stilk our pure hearted happy virus and will always be ;_;
“(Chuck)Todd @MSNBC is Patient Zero in terms of how the modern GOP has spread a fatal virus of lies. And now he says he knows it:” but when will the network correct the mistake of him hosting ⁦ @MeetThePress⁩ ? He should be replaced immediately by Nicolle Wallace.
Eric Dier is not involved with the squad vs Southampton due to yet another virus. He really wasn't lying about how much that appendix issue affected him. The poor guy has the immune system of a kitten... #SOUTOT
Eric Dier not in #thfc's squad against Southampton because he has a virus. | @jonathandveal83
There’s a turning point... the cognitive dissonance and trauma bonds finally dissolve. Like a virus leaving the body. And a smile of relief - thank god the nex is out of my life.
so the  is on the 6th January but bc of my virus my doctor wrote me sick till the 12th THAT MEANS NO CLASSES ON 6TH I CAN STREAM 24/7 ×(&#*×,@whoop whoop~ and this time I'm not going to break the toilet lid in school bc wonderland ateez made me too excited
(Ch) Hi everyone! I'm #ASTRO Happy Virus #MJ. Woo~ (Kr) Hello Everyone! From now on MJ will also start using Weibo. Wish 2020 be filled with blessing & lots of happy things. I'll be there with you. (Eng) Happy New Year! (Ch) Thank You! I Love 
we all know myungjun's energy but i really really really love his vibes here my sunshine truly the happy virus he can instantly make my day everyone deserves a kim myungjun in their life i love you mj so much love ^^ 
Someone did you wrong? Learn to let it go. The truth is they will ruin more of your life if you allow them to invade your mind like a virus. This will in turn affect the quality of your life. The best thing to do is to move on. Show that you’re strong enough to take control.
My first OFFICIAL tweet of 2020 has been long awaited by me so here it is guys: My name jeff Have a good year! Sincerely, -free punjabi movie 2018 240pixel download no virus
When You are fighting to save laptop/mobile from virus.. #CyberSecurity #IoT #IoTsecurity #CyberAttacks #CyberCrime #BigData #Virus #Malware #technews #hacking #CyberSec #Ransomware #Tech 
Reply with the best ######-virus variation you can think of.
LET'S MAKE THIS VIRAL & GIVE TRUMP A VIRUS: Every #ImpeachmentRally & Impeachment March needs an Impeachment Song. Take it away (at)iAmWill_Johnson!  Thanks (at)2668
He was right about the humans being a virus stuff too.
MJ also opens his Weibo account Everyone  to accept New Year Greetings from Happy Virus MJ. Let’s spend everyday in 2020 with happiness~ #엠제이 #MJ #ASTRO #아스트로 #アストロ @offclASTRO @jp_offclastro  
Wasn't quite sure whether I post this or not but its actually a Halloween pic based on a Resident Evil virus mutation with an infected lab technician growing out of her lab clothes. #residentevil #muscle #veins #mutation 
 … It's even scarier when you look at Crowdstrike and how their Anti-Virus looks more like the  and control system than anything else. Wikileaks said it was Year Zero because they were going to start the rewrite of the last 50 years of history.
"Today, March 31st 2017, WikiLeaks releases Vault 7 "Marble" -- 676 source code files for the CIA's secret anti-forensic Marble Framework. Marble is used to hamper forensic investigators and  from attributing viruses, trojans and hacking attacks to the CIA."
Out now in @Virus_Evolution: On the stability of sequences inserted into viral genomes.  
Could relatives of measles virus jump from animals to us? 
#Hour_0_AU: An interactive NCT Dream AU game A fast-acting virus is ripping through the city, turning regular people into violent monsters. Lee Jeno, a scared college kid, needs to make it to his best friend's cabin before it's too late. Can you get him there alive? 
#STUDY: Vaccinated for #SHINGLES Can Infect Others with #Varicella Zoster Virus  … 58% of immunized individuals shed #vaccine varicella virus DNA in saliva over 4 weeks. Not unvaxxed kids, vaxxed adults are spreading VZV. #LearnTheRisk 
Still fighting this virus so haven’t been around for the takes... apologize if there have been enough Matt Damon Green Zone jokes today... anyway here it goes.... Matt Damon Green Zone (basic joke concept to be elaborated) 
MIDNIGHT. 1/1/2020 PRETTY BOY VIRUS 
PLEASE DONATE !⠀ ⠀ These puppies are fighting the deadly Parvo virus !⠀ ⠀  … ⠀ ⠀ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ⠀ ⠀ I have some really, really bad news. My puppy…  …
Here is to another decade of surviving, fighting and flourishing. 2020 is particularly special coz I celebrate 20 years living with this virus . 
2019 was seriously the most challenging year in my entire life. My dad the rock of our family got a virus that left him unable to walk. His illness challenged & changed my family but I believe things happen for a reason & I know 2020 will be a year full blessings
dan could tweet a virus link and my dumbass would still click on it
>Bed-ridden for two days with a stomach virus >Benches 225 for 31 reps and finishes manuscript to first book next day That’s who I am.
"The experimentation thing is bad because they fucked up a while back and released a virus in one of their facilities in Central China that killed over 5000 people. Really bad shit. They stopped it but close. Real close." #BigDickAnon
“When our collective immune system weakens, the virus explodes and it shows up in awful ugly ways”.  …
Plenty to talk about this winter. I’m sure that the cotton virus, CLRDV, will be one of the hot topics as we prepare for 2020 #2019inphotos #mscrops ⁦ @NinaAbouGhanem⁩ ⁦ @sejovirus⁩ ⁦ @T_birdPathology⁩ ⁦ @acatchot⁩ ⁦ @JeffGore99⁩ ⁦ 
Please Retweet: the respiratory virus that is hitting WNY hard is especially impacting babies and young children. Specialists at @OCHBuffalo are  you do not expose them to others and "spend New Year’s Eve at home with the family.”  …
The left cannot deal with antisemitism. Antisemitism now forms part of its own world vision - the virus has broken into the mainstream. I have watched it happen in the UK and it is hard to see how the left in the US can self-cleanse. They will choose denial or deflection.
The virus has been reintroduced to British broadcasting. Soon all channels will be showing it, over and over again.  …
#PrimeVideoRewind2019 : Best of regional cinema in 2019 as per @PrimeVideoIN Telugu #SyeRaa #Maharshi #F2 Tamil #Bigil #Asuran #NGK Kannada #KGF #Yajamana Malayalam #Lucifer #JalliKattu #Virus #KumbalangiNights Data may be based on revenue generated or number of views
Hong Kong takes emergency measures as mystery ‘pneumonia’ infects dozens in China’s Wuhan city. Most patients worked at a seafood market and health workers are still trying to identify virus responsible.  
It’s amazing what you can do when you remove a virus from a franchise.  …
My natural remedies for cold, flu, & stomach virus... 1. Water 2. Oregano Oil 3. Kombucha 4. Ginger Root 5. Organic India Turmeric Ginger Tea 6. Traditional Medicinals Throat Coat 7. Raw Fruits & Veggies 8. Vitamineral Greens 9. Manuka Honey 10. Peppermint Oil 11. Rest
“Computer Folks” is what every 60 year old dad says when he gets a virus for trying to download porn. “Went over to Best Buy and had one of  folks fix my laptop” 
The link is a virus.  …
Eric is a bit bored because I’ve got this virus thing thats going around and I caught him climbing up the bannister rail. He’s poured me a little champagne to say sorry 
This is not good. We failed to keep the virus from spreading  …
#PlantDiseases In 1892 an unknown plant pathogen was found to pass through a special filter designed to trap bacteria. The new pathogen was given the name "virus". That first virus was tobacco mosaic virus (shown). 
ACADEMICS ARE THE VIRUS Academics set to launch 'virus' software for online ‘hate speech’ in time for 2020 election 
Virus found, removing.. virus destroyed checking data... data corrupt downloading back up... back up downloaded rebuilding Renatoy.... tits set to 56cm... ass set to 80.... fertility infinite..... lust  rebooting.... "pleas to meet you, use me as you see." 
There’s been a bit of cynical chatter about @Keir_Starmer and his conviction toward stamping out the virus of antisemitism in @uklabour. I can tell you from personal experience he is nothing but the most steadfast ally to the  Let’s look at the facts... (1/9)
Truly idiotic article in ⁦ @Quillette⁩ warns that Martian bacteria could consume Earth’s ocean! “So a human steps on Mars and returns to Earth carrying the water-eating bug in the folds of a spacesuit. The virus escapes and water begins to disappear.”  …
Mother-to-child transmission of #HIV is the spread of the virus from a woman living with HIV to her child during pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding. #PEPFAR-supported programs lower the risk of transmission, having enabled 2.6M babies to be born HIV-free! 
RSV WARNING: We just had a scare with our baby Mavryk and a Virginia mom is now sounding the alarm about her baby’s bout with  but potentially dangerous virus. @DrJAshton has the signs you need to look for.  …
RSV is the  cause of pneumonia in babies under the age of 1. @DrJAshton has the latest on what you need to know about this upper respiratory virus and our @ErielleReshef shares her family's own brush with the dangerous virus.  
jm: our cy is... just.... the video itself explains it. he just helps the overall mood. he's the happy virus. not only our memberd, our fans, staff etc always laugh and cry bc if cy. i want to say tq to cy. im sorry for not being the best hyung. thank you
The virus link is getting worse, it's basically a plague infecting everyone. 
With flu season rampin up and many people who have reactions to the vaccine or don’t want to take it, studies show that elderberry is very effective in fighting the virus and reducing flu symptoms. Protect yourself.  …
Don't be afraid. I am a very kind virus. You have do many works today. So, I will let  slow down.
+The happy virus in our studio Yongbok! DJ Yongbok! Mc Felix!! I hope that the path Felix takes will always be happy & turn out well! Good luck FelixThank you Felix Hashtags: Pops in Seoul will always be wishing you  visit whenever you are bored #Felix 
Too early to say #Sars is back: HKU expert -it would be incredibly bad luck to have that same virus take that same path to emerge from an animal back into humans again. Incredibly.  …
Laura Brennan, campaigner for the HPV vaccine, was diagnosed with incurable cervical cancer in 2017, aged 25. She dedicated the rest of her life to raising awareness of the HPV virus among young women.  … #IrishWomenInHistory 
Virus Bulletin says a fond farewell and thank you to Martijn Grooten  
1M ACHIEVED!!!! right before new year! OUR PRECIOUS HAPPY VIRUS! Your smile is bright as the sunshine Lee Seokmin! @pledis_17 
Remember when people turned the fucking ebola virus into an anime girl
Look! Look at the pure viciousness and callousness on display in this attack on a Jewish teenager in Crown Heights just last night! If leaders want  antisemitism they must recognize just how virulent and prevalent a virus it is!  …
Antisemitism: "It not only is the “longest hatred,” but it is the most plastic hatred: adaptable, flexible, artificial, durable and mass produced. It keeps mutating like  virus, targeting our ideological vulnerabilities." Gil Troy
Yuen Kwok-Yung, the Chair of Infectious Disease at the Dept of Microbiology of the University of HK. He believes that an outbreak of virus infections is happening in Wu Han . Is that “SARS”? “SARS” is a virus killing hundreds in 2003 HK, from .  …
Common Causes In Children disease Acute bronchiolitis Respiratory syncytial virus Croup Parainfluenza virus Epiglottitis Haemophilus influenza b
Finally managed to have this side project worked out a few days ago. My gaomon Connor having Flamedramon armor in both his normal and virus forms! It turned out better than I expected and was fun to do. Connor just keeps looking more like his dad everyday. hope u guys like it~ 
I'm sure most of you know this already, but a SARS-like virus has 7 in critical condition and infected 27 in Wuhan. Wuhan is a travel hub and a large city. The real question is what the R0 of SARS is, and we just don't have good numbers on that.  …
How can he  pm he will be behind bars by 2024
Most people fill their esky full of beer and wine on NYE, I fill mine with the results of last night’s mosquito trapping! All specimens now killed, identified, counted, and frozen ready for virus and blood meal testing.... 
@LigaMXShitpost DOWNLOAD FUNNY LIGA MX FORTINE خدش SKINS 100% NO VIRUS ! ! ! 2020 ! 
I can’t stand lazy and mediocre mf’s. Laziness is a virus and I want that far from me.
Local authorities have confirmed cases of pneumonia of unknown cause in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province. A team of national experts has been sent to conduct virus testing. The patients, from a local seafood market, are in quarantine. 
WE HAVE ANOTHER EMERGENCY ⠀ ⠀ The puppies we just saved on Christmas Day , now have been diagnosed with the deadly parvo virus and have been admitted to the Vet Hospital.⠀ ⠀ They all have high fevers and are…  …
ex gf instagram dm'd me a virus is she in love with me
So to get an email today reminding us that RWA is primarily concerned with policing Niceness is definitely laughable. They have not noticed we all abandoned that on Dec 23. Shrugged it off like a gross virus and moved on to kinder and gentler things such as the truth.
If you get a link called 'Free Porn' don't opin it. It's a virus wich deactivates yur spellcheck + fcuks up you riting. I also receibed it but lukily I don't wach porn so I dint opin it. Plaese warm yur friends. Fanks #mondaythoughts 
Megaman battle network: Lol, imagine if your dishwasher was connected to the internet and got a virus. Wouldnt that be so zany? The actual future: You accidentally clicked a Spotify ad on your Smart Fridge and now it's part of a botnet that DDoS'es furaffinity every 3 weeks
Davido hasn’t  out to perform yet and people are already singing along to ‘Risky’, is this not greatness just imagine what’s going to happen when  out to perform. ‘Risky’ is a virus that can’t be stopped! 
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system. Studies show that people who don't get quality sleep or enough sleep are more likely to get sick after being exposed to a virus, such as  cold virus. Lack of sleep can also affect how fast you recover if you do get sick.
Very cool story from @kaikape: Measles may have emerged earlier than thought, virus recovered from 100 year old preserved lungs suggest.  …
RIOT // VIRUS Prod. @imdeadeinside x @citr3s OUT NOW RT TILL YOUR FINGERS NUMB  
I don't think there's any way for us to understand it now... the creeping horror of an unknowable virus that kills all your friends, your chosen family. The government and straight  apathetic. No real information on what it is or how it's spreading.
While I was pregnant, I read @ChimamandaReal's feminist manifesto. But turns out my 3-year-old is suffering from the pink virus and princess fever after all. So I teamed up with @msjpauly to rank the Disney  …
Finally, RESPONSIBLE ADULTS start to push-back at the TRANSGENDER LUNACY sweeping the whole world like a brain-eating virus! 
PRETTY BOY VIRUS (album cover) 1/1/2020 
A little drawing tonight on the latest hare. I feel a lot better today than I did yesterday. The injection seems to be working, though I do seem to have got a virus about me now which I’d like to shift. Yesterday I barely moved on the sofa, so today’s a bonus! #hare 
At the end of 2019 an African #Swine Fever update from Poland . Latest findings show the #ASF virus is 21km from the border with Germany . In total, in W-Poland infected wild #boar have been found on 78 places. Check the interactive @PigProgress map  
pov: you’re the flu virus that got jackson sick 
ALSO involved w/the ebola virus: ID of Essential Filovirion-associated Host Factors by Serial Proteomic Analysis & RNA  …
We have  several cats with feline immune virus (FIV) to the ARN. And they don't give our socialization team any work to do because they are all adorable big teddy bears! Adopt one of them today!
Some of us where fixing old software without the source code! You used SoftICE to reverse engineer it in assembly and basically coded up a virus which patched the problem.
No virus spreads faster among human beings, in the absence of vaccination, than #measles  …
After 23 years - the TRUTH was vindicated in 2019. Let's hope 2020 brings accountability & #Justiceforclaire Just who is responsible for the non existant "brain virus" & the cover ups both in 1996 & 2006 when the 1st coroner was misled!  …
Intersectionality and the oppression hierarchy has nothing for Jews. This was largely irrelevant when such madness was reserved to the quad, but now that it has left the academy to warp the minds of others, it is a virus that must be confronted and eradicated.
That may backfire on her because these classmates could be vaccine shedding the very virus she wants to protect her child from.
"If you are unvaccinated, you have a 90 to 100 percent chance of contracting measles if exposed to the virus. Yes, 90 to 100 percent". Check that out. This is what the Pharmaceutical Press is trying to promote. I wonder if they can back this up with empirical data?
Chanyeol is so me when someone coughs right next to me without covering their mouth but jongin here even to not spread the virus but yeol still away! ㅋㅋLOOK AT JONGIN CHASING YEOL AND FAKE COUGHING IN FRONT OF HIM #EXO @weareoneEXO 
Both the Ebola a Marburg virus have no known origins also they are called “alien” viruses bc their structure is unlike anything found on earth.
With Tom's back in pain and Don suffering through a virus of some sort, we fight heroically to deliver a year-end episode. Will Don finally learn to drive with Aristotle's help? Will Tom get through more of his pomo lit? 
Jophet Kasere survived Ebola. His family, including his son, his wife and his mother, didn't. As an Ebola outbreak in eastern Congo continues, he works as a nurse, caring for children whose parents have been infected with the virus.  
Zac Efron was infected with a life threatening virus while filming the series Killing Zac Efron. Fortunately, he appears to be OK now.  
The virus is spreading :) “A study of people with a sleep disorder found that they slept longer in temperatures of 61 degrees Fahrenheit versus 75 degrees. The cold-sleepers were also more alert the next morning.“   …
Dear FDA & CDC & Congress: Disease Prevention does NOT include spreading illnesses with live virus vaccines that shed! You are negligent in protecting public health by approving vaccines like Ebola, MMR and others that are live virus vaccines and are actually endangering lives
Omfg this mom on my mom group posted a picture of her one year old with a bubbling rash all over her face asking what it could be and said it's been there for two weeks and it looks like herpes virus and she said it's on her genitals too and she goes "the dr is closed till Jan 2"
Injection of #Virus-delivered #Gene #Silencer blocks #ALS Degeneration, Saves Motor Function Novel spinal therapy/delivery approach prevented disease onset in ALS disease model in adult mice and #blocked #progression in animals with symptoms  
Our parvo pup Dover kicking parvo in the booty. Whoot! He will be available for adoption in a few weeks after he is finished shedding the virus and gets his marbles removed. Love, MacParvoStinks 
The GE virus-resistant papaya and a new soy variety are approved for import into China.  …
worst 48 hours ever. My healthy 16 year old had flu over xmas( no flu jab).Had 3.5 hrs in surgery this morning for a strangulated and infected appendix caused by nodes infected with flu virus. @FluFighterSWBH @swbh #noonesafefromflu. Get you flu jab
》MONDAY NIGHT. 301219. ● WIDGET WOW KWGT @ppickCH ● WALL @unsplash ● ICONS VIRUS-66 @pin_069 ● H2I TEMPLATE AAWALLEDGE2 
Herpes simplex virus-1 encephalitis is linked to variants in a small nucleolar RNA, suggesting a new mechanism for antiviral immunity in cortical neurons. |  | 
Fundamentalism allows for the transference of fear and self-loathing to an authoritarian vessel. Certain linguistic anthropologists think that religion is a language virus that rewrites pathways in the brain. Dulls critical thinking. (My pinned tweet).
Screening cycle for deadly MLN virus set to begin in Kenya in January 2020:  #planthealth #foodsecurity @CIMMYT @gatesfoundation 
Having now recovered from some intense vertigo & being forced to stop everything for several weeks, I am humbled how a little virus can stop me in my tracks, but am grateful for my family who helped me get through the busy holiday season and remind me about the important things.
7 types of virus – a short glossary of contemporary cyberbadness  … #malware #virus #cyberattacks #security #databreaches #cybersecurity
what the fck i literally just tweeted about ‘what video are yall talking about’ and an army suddenly dmed the video like an effin trojan horse but a virus i didnt even asked for but thank ?? you ?? what lol
PLEASE DON’T FORGET TO GET YOUR DOG(S) VACCINATED AGAINST PARVO VIRUS, ALWAYS MAKE SURE YOU PRACTISE AND MAINTAIN GOOD HYGIENE AS IT IS PARAMOUNT TO YOUR HEALTH AND THAT OF YOUR DOG(S). THE SMALL FEE FOR VACCINE WILL SURELY GO A LONG WAY.
Honoured to have #VinciDa on this distinguished list of 15 Best Indian films of 2019 along with some stunning films like #SuperDeluxe, #KumbalangiNights, #Article15, #Sonchiriya, #Soni, #GullyBoy, #Nagarkirtan, #Bhonsle, #GameOver, #Hamid and #Virus.  …
191230 Astro daum update Dressing room behind photos #MJ Such a happy virus #ASTRO #MJ 
Hmm...wonder what exactly is 'ATM Cleaning Duty'? Spotted this near the University. Cleaning the ATM booth, the machine itself? Or virus scan of the ATM :) 
ppl close to me were saying that it’s probably just a flu virus and my body is fighting it/going through those motions so i didn’t raise alarm( i have a cough now too! so i figured just standard flu.) but i’ll go to the doctor tomorrow if i still have a fever, thanks for the care
This Saba Naqvi spread virus of hatred by posting wrong n manipulated news.  …
Cody Walden.Results are back. Ellie has rhinovirus, bocca virus, ear infection and possible start to hand, foot, mouth. Ellie is very, very sick. The doctors have warned us she’s going to get really bad and it could get scary. She’s starting to retract in breathing. They told us
The FDA just approved this live virus Ebola vaccine. What exactly would make a vaccine "unsafe" if possible transmission of Ebola virus doesn't qualify?  …
Neoliberalism has been like a virus weakening us. It's time to unite and fight back. We cannot indulge in the luxury of despair. We need to engage in the hard work of hope | John Falzon  …
Few minutes later the famous virus « wave shirts » infects Ghanaians 
man the people who made osmosis jones really made a virus horny like damn infect me daddy
Someone did you wrong? Learn to let it go. The truth is they will ruin more of your life if you allow them to invade your mind like a virus. This will in turn affect the quality of your life. The best thing to do is to move on. Show that you’re strong enough to take control.
Myself & my 2 youngest have not been able to move for the past two days due to sickness. Pray we endure this awful virus faithfully until our white blood cells reign supreme....&hopefully that’s sooner rather than later 
The HIV virus, discovered & researched in an expensive, often criticized rush to save hundreds of thousands of lives--mostly gay in this country, is uniquely qualified as an agent for cancer immunotherapy & gene therapy for sickle cell anemia. God works in mysterious ways.
The 1 thing that the flu shot does is spread the flu. People who get the flu shot shed the virus for 11 days, infecting all  in contact with. It seems deliberate to make people sick, otherwise people would be told about shedding.
The most guarded city in the World in the Information and Technology age and we're expected to believe that not one video exists of Seth Rich on the night/early morning that he was murdered.. ATM's nearby wiped with a Malware Virus.. of course they were #HisNameWasSethRich
Trump is like a career killing virus..successful people that get close may lose everything they worked for..everything.
RT.. Please spread this all over Twitter like a virus!!!  …
we were the first to break the news that CNN did an article that measles, not the vaccine, but the measles virus itself, can and does cure cancer. Basement dwellers. Sit the F down. You won’t win this one.  …
Good morning! Nakatanggap ako ng 2 messages today from a flyers with a same Link and I think it was a virus. If may ma receive man Kayo, delete the conversation immediately. Do not open the link. Iwas hack sa mga accounts nyo. Please spread the word. #PUSHAwardsMayWards 
Your health is your most precious resource. Yet people treat it like a used rental car. Without health, you can't enjoy anything else in life. Everything is colored with your terrible mood. Your inflammation and fatigue infects everything like a virus. Nothing is great.
Since I'm in a little dragon-craze rn I designed a Virus-dragon! I looooove drawing her. 
The scariest seven words in the English language: “Dad, how do you install anti-virus?”
So what was your favourite Virus track of 2019? 
The naïveté when  to anti-Semitism is when people assign a particular reason for it. Jews have been attacked for millennia for every reason possible. Implying that if Jews start behaving a certain way is ignoring the amorphous virus that anti-Semitism is.
One of the many troubling things about the #Bears is the virus of mistakes that occur at every position group. There are missed assignments, poor pass routes, & much more. This usually points to a team that's undisciplined, which points to a team not responding to their coaches.
Jophet Kasere witnessed his wife, son and mother succumb to Ebola in the ongoing outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He contracted the virus but survived and developed immunity. Kasere now works as a nurse, helping fight the outbreak. 
The level of anti-Semitism is a barometer for the general health of society. From London to Brooklyn, from Budapest to Paris, a virus is spreading.
Greedy corporate Virus changes for the new year: Exclusives are going from £100 GBP to £300 GBP. The time I put in to them and how much of a drag they can be to produce at times warrents a higher price, if I already promised you one BEFORE this change it'll still be 100.
Ok so a non political tweet. I’ve been struggling with a fluish virus since Mon, and I’m wondering if anyone uses a secret recipe to speed it up, etc. I have lost almost 10 lbs and slept more in the past week than I have in months. Any tips to help a fellow sick #resister?
My mom finally bought her first Bitcoin!!! Special thank you to @Leishman and @RiverFinancial for helping make it happen. Evidently he’s one of those CEOs who works nights and weekends to help spread the virus...
THE MOVIE THAT I WATCHED ON 123MOVIES THAT ENDED UP GIVING MY MACBOOK A VIRUS AND DELETED ALL MY FILES JUST GOT ADDED ON NETFLIX USGSHDNDMZMSMSKK 
May not seem much - but 15 months ago I was in hospital with severe heart failure following a virus - I've clawed my way back to here with literal blood, sweat and many many tears - and the help of a new drug ..
you’re exhibiting symptoms of a new deadly virus called epaindemtilitis  …
POV: The flu virus which made Jongin sick and got him a blocked nose 
Jophet Kasere survived Ebola. His family, including his son, his wife and his mother, didn't. As an Ebola outbreak in eastern Congo continues, he works as a nurse, caring for children whose parents have been infected with the virus.  
I had a dream that some sort of virus converted all the filenames on  to 𝓯𝓪𝓴𝓮 𝓯𝓸𝓷𝓽𝓼 @FakeUnicode
ABC News’ @DrJAshton explains how to protect vulnerable children from RSV,  respiratory virus that can  deadly for children and older adults.  
Good avo all. Just getting over virus, sunny day, why not rake up those leaves, I said. Open shed door, roof collapsed and everything swimming in water. So much junk in there. Oh the joys! Kate Baylay 
Cepheus Protocol Alpha Sign Up - Build a base  a squad of eight soldiers as  an alien virus in this horror-action real-time strategy game  … by #gamedev @CepheusProtocol #indiedev #gaming 
@FAO, @iaeaorg, @WHO are partnering to use the nuclear sterile insect technique in the fight against diseases carried by mosquitoes such as dengue and the Zika virus. 
The metal virus affects us all. 
Our EDs are very busy today with some sites reporting up to 60% of people admitted in ED & awaiting beds in need of isolation due to flu , nora virus or other infection. Please only attend ED if you really need to be there. See  for more info @HSELive
before the day ends, happy birthday to our happy virus, sana! thank you for bringing happiness to onces and the members. continue bringing joy to us and always keep in mind that we're always here to support, love, and protect you. #HappySANAday #NoSanaNoLife 
the most talented, the most beautiful, the cutest, the true anchor, the most classy, the happy virus, the most well-formed, the gem, the most humble,d hard worker,d most charismatic. #2019WithWB @WaseemBadami thank you for making our year more 
Jung Wooyoung "Happy Virus" A Thread.. #우영 #에이티즈 #정우영 #ATEEZ #ATINY
Queen and Adam Lambert tour 2020: Brian May fitness-focused after ‘HORRIBLE cold virus’  … 
Luo is software. Software inaezakulwa na virus. That Dorcas is the malware attack on our beloved #SteveOgolla. We are working hard to restore the situation
(Ottie is home safe from the emergency vet! He was extremely congested and around 2 AM starting to look like he was having trouble breathing. The vet treated him and told us he likely has a respiratory virus that should go away on its own. Meanwhile, he's just a boogery boy.) 
happy birthday to our own happy virus, Sana!! we love you so much & hope you have the best day ever! #HappySANAday #NoSanaNoLife 
Does anyone know how many  kids,not fully vaxxed, are attending school? If we are kicking 1000s of kids out of school for “them”shouldn’t we know how many? Wouldn’t it be safer to keep“them”out of the public since any virus or disease could be harmful? How many?
2019-12-28: #Clop #CryptoMix #Ransomware Evolves: Service Creation -> lpServiceName "CreatWinDirFolderFinds" Mutex Huge Process Check -> Kill (Anti-VM, Windows Services, Anti-Virus Products & More + NOTEPAD++.EXE) h/t @malwrhunterteam Ref:  
“It’s like a virus. They find your structure and attack it inside, out. They attack everything you’re doing." On the seemingly unstoppable #LSU offensive machine as seen thru the eyes of a defensive  …
The remarkable history of the #hepatitisC virus. Collaboration between clinicians & scientists has allowed in 30 years initiation of empirical treatments by interferon, discovery of the virus, development of tools for diagnosis & prognosis  … 
Illiteracy is not restricted to the poor person struggling. It is a virus inflicting even the portals of Harvard. Exhibit - this 'professor' badly inflicted by it.  …
My fibro pains are totally intensified with whatever virus I have. Took cold meds with Tylenol, alleve, echinacea with golden seal plus 2 pain medications and I’m still in pain had me in tears earlier, this sucks!!
Mother Nature is running a fever to kill the virus.  …
T virus G virus burn it all. Umbrella stay wilding.
Oliver is an A+ character because no matter how much of a brat he can be, you NEVER doubt his love for his family. They matter to him above everything else, and when he goes too far, (e.g. Scourge virus), he instantly regrets it. He's also just generally interesting and hilarious
The virus in your body when the doctor prescribes you antibiotics 
I told my dad I was sick and I needed soups and medicine, this man showed up with three different medicines because he didn’t know what virus I caught. Well dad, I caught the hangover
My happy virus Everyone loves him #위너 #송민호 #MINO 
Thanks you’ll sm it’s a virus that inverted in our veins. Don’t let any1 brainwashed you.2012 till now & forever.If shatta wale story didn’t inspire you. You need to visit a doctor cuz got are sick. Loyalty over sellout God bless you sm fans for showing up #AfroNation #shattawale
Let me help with exact words he uttered:- "Mbeki: I stand by my Aids statements 08 Mar 2016 · "What I said is that 'a virus cannot cause a syndrome'." ... court for treatment to prevent mother-to-child HIV transmission said ..."
All Stages of the Cordyceps Virus for The Last of Us 2 -->  
A new virus called "feelings" is out Please don't catch that thing
A reminder that even grown women can be bullies. I’ve battled a virus 4 wks now. When my voice wears out (like on the anchor desk 6 hrs straight) its periodically huskier than usual. I clearly can’t help it, but Karen took the time to message FOX13 w/  (Cont).. 
This post from 2 days ago has gone viral. That means my love is contagious. Are you infected with my love? 1,500 people in two days have caught this quickly spreading virus. Catch it today. Loveitis There is no cure for Loveitis. It just keeps spreading!  …
(2/2) Too many fears do battle with the research and trials and data, When 14 pills  1. And when they draws six vials of blood, (that number has not changed) and the virus remains undetectable, that 1 shrinking pill  so much easier to swallow. #LGBT #HIV
The Colorado Department of Agriculture (CDA) has released the state’s final vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) quarantine, following the most extensive outbreak of the viral disease in more than two decades.  …
Norovirus attacking our entire family hard. This virus is no joke. Spreads so fast. After battling all day to take care of Mickell and the 4 kids, Dad just crashed hard. I’m sick as hell.
Hope all you guys and gals had a great Xmas, I've been out of action as me n fam got hit by noro virus 2 days till Xmas. On the mend now 
Memetic Sex is the best and I've never caught a virus from a video fi--- oh shit, I did. I downloaded it from.... Ehm, nevermind.
I'll write a review when I get home but you all should know that the last song is this shot for five 
I’ve been asleep for 15 hours due to this virus and I still feel like I’m dying
More than 130 million people in the world live with chronic Hepatitis C. It’s a blood borne virus that causes inflammation of the liver.  …
#Juncker #ReichRising #NATO #EU Watch "The Sum of All Fears (5/9) Movie CLIP - This Virus Is Airborne (2002) HD"  
I'd venture to say genetic mutation from another another virus.
Crypto! Octane! Wattson! All of them please!
I did not sleep at allllllllllll when my baby was sick with a virus & had croup, it’s the scariest sound ever.  …
I love exo~♡ We are one Chanyeol Studionng Chanyeol Stay With Me Chanyeol Multitalented King Chanyeol Husky Voice Chanyeol EXO Chanyeol EXO-SC Chanyeol LOEY Chanyeol Happy Virus Chanyeol Handsome Chanyeol Composer @weareoneEXO @exoonearewe @B_hundred_Hyun 
Hi Jessen, If you have not done so already, please secure   and your email address:  and run a virus scan:  Then please read this support page, answer the questions, and log into your 1/2
No proof anti-vaxxers have ever caused harm to anyone. In fact, recipients of live virus vaccines can shed the virus and DTaP causes asymptomatic pertussis.
last day of vacation and i get a fucking stomach virus and i have an 8 hour flight tomorrow
Habit of buying things not required or in excess of requirement is an invincible virus of Wealth.-rg
People With That Brain-Eating Virus Should Really Just Take A String Of Edison Bulbs To Knock Guests’ Fucking Socks Off
After Xmas was wiped out by a flu virus, I’m not quite sure how I made it through this last night. I felt (and still feel) as grim as my facial expression suggests. That said, great night.  …
A bunch of people here are saying “both” but I’ve heard from multiple doctors that the cold has literally nothing to do with it. As in, neither the virus nor our immune systems are really affected by temperature, and the increased contact is the sole reason.
PROTOCOL RECORDINGS TOP YEAR! #TOP3 Future Progressive - Electronic Music #01 - #NowPlaying @swankytunes - 'Virus' @ProtocolRec 
@CrisantoBalalta Dr. What can I do if I got herpes virus
Don't worry man is soon to follow.. Nature has a way of rectifying itself .. Man is a petri dish, where viral and microbial genes are  Eventually a virus or microbe will emerge that will spread like fire, but wont trigger till most everyone is infected.
