Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 have contracted the virus, including 1,502 in Wuhan. Six are dead.  …
I was pleased to share with 50 journalists at my press conference this heartwarming video clip of British pupils singing to support China to fight the virus. It was later broadcast in prime time on China's national TV channel and acclaimed nationwide.  …
Funeral home workers across #China are heading to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #COVID19 virus outbreak, to assist the city in dealing with the uptick in related deaths. Some local medical workers have also revealed the true severity of the outbreak.  …
** Exclusive Corona virus report ** Personal friend provides this anonymous report from china: “yes everyone is being ask to work from home. yes  has a guard at the door that scans your temperature before  in.” continued  
I’m old enough to note roughly every 7-10 years there’s some virus scare that media pins on E Asian (specifically Chinese) people. Let’s see, I remember Bird Flu, SARS, Swine Flu and now Coronavirus. It just seems weirdly set up to coincide with rising hostility against China...
Corona virus protection. Added benefit .. no one knows who the hell you are 
Isn’t it funny how quickly Morrison jumps to act to protect Australians’ health in the face of the corona  to Aus’ Climate Change fires?I guess it easier to victimise the Chinese rather than the fossil fuel and  #insiders #auspol
The 1st death from the #Coronavirus in #Europe—and the 3rd outside of #China—was reported in #France on Saturday. The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist from #Hubei province, the epicenter of the new virus.  …
Very stupid ? #coronavirus Prime Minister of #Cambodia Shaking hands with many infected people #Westerdam American passengers spread the virus Erroneous #CoronavirusOutbreak The horror that cannot be seen #CNN #NBC #ABC invisible death 
No doubt the PRC will now fully open up its research on #Coronavirus  this story.....lest anyone think the virus originated in a PRC state lab....  …
I did not survive drinking Everclear straight out of the bottle for 5 years when I was in the Marine Corps only to get taken out by some dumb virus named after a light beer.
Watch out for your balls A recent study shows #COVID19 can cause KIDNEY and TESTIS Damage after 2019-nCoV infection This really resonates the Plauge INC game when a virus’s sole goal is to wipe out entire human race, by targeting testis ..  …
#coronavirus is a bioengineered virus by #Globalists aided by #Chicom @WHO will soon announce mandatory #coronavirus vaccines to be injected worldwide for #Globalists to make trillions. More #autism worldwide for the #Globalists to grab more  …
The US is preparing to evacuate Americans held in medical isolation on a #CruiseShip off the coast of #Japan over an outbreak of the #COVID19 virus. #Japan’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it was coordinating with the US government on the  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: --139 new deaths reported in Hubei province, the same number as the day before --An 83-year-old American left a cruise ship and was diagnosed in Malaysia --WHO says the virus path is 'impossible to predict' 
Coronavirus has now reached 60,000 cases across the globe. It is the first virus to achieve this in 2020.
#BREAKING China virus death toll surpasses 1,600: govt 
#BREAKING: Chinese doctors say a patient who has recovered from the #coronavirus and gets it again is more likely to die. Re-catching the virus would increase the risk of a heart attack. #WHO?? #COVID19 #WuhanCoronavius 
PSA !!!! If you see Shoujo Kageki Revue Starlight Relive anywhere on the app store or google play, DO NOT download it !!!! it will install a virus called Shoujo Kageki Revue Starlight Relive to your phone and if you run it, it will launch Shoujo Kageki Revue Starlight Relive
Which is more dangerous: something like the China virus or a bad idea?  …
GTA VI GTA 6 GTA SIX SUPER REALISTIC GRAPHICS MOD 2020 2065 DESCARGAR MOBILE .APK FREE DOWNLOAD NO VIRUS GUARANTEED GTA VI 6 SIX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
New York Times: "Some Experts Worry as a Germ-Phobic Trump Confronts a Growing Epidemic" NYT, since when is hating germs an impediment to fighting a deadly virus? #Coronavirus #travelban 
Follow @KlaytnPX or i will die from mental breakdown plis help I need klaytn to hit 1000 followers or we will all have Corona virus PX the gang I'm not in the gang follow @KlaytnPX 4 president thanks @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX
“In numerous countries outside China — including Japan, France, and the UK — public health workers and doctors treating patients with the virus have been infected.”  …
ABC is reporting “a man has been attacked by a beer bottle”. Corona Virus?
Factbox: Carmakers look to resume China output after virus forced closures  
“.... we tested several published SARS-CoV RBD-specific monoclonal antibodies and found that they do not have appreciable binding to nCoV-2019 S, suggesting antibody cross-reactivity may be limited between the two virus RBDs.” Unfortunate, but important result  …
She is all China is searching for. Just blink fast for a minute and Corona Virus will be blown out of the world  …
Film goes from an overall decent adaptation of Dragon Quest V to an Isekai with VR, a Virus and an two way street of a moral.
#Coronavirus spreads most easily when patients are sickest. "Based on what we know now, we believe this virus spreads mainly person-to-person among close contacts, defined as about 6 feet (apart) thru respiratory droplets," said Nancy Messonnier of the CDC  
BREAKING: China virus death toll surpasses 1,600: govt | via 
More likely the same circumstances that led SARS CoV1 virus to jump from bats to humans in Guangdong in 2003, happened again with SARS CoV2 in Wuhan in 2019, but we’ll see if this story evolves...  …
Looking forward to the follow up piece on how the virus paranoia has gotten so bad on Sand Hill Road that the VC firms have taken the extraordinary step of canceling all  orgies.
For earnest MSM reporters who wanna get it right. A virus is not a disease. "COVID-19", the former. "Atypical pneumonia" or "Coronavirus pneumonia", the latter. Infection, also, is neither a disease nor a virus. You're  Yeesh.
An @BBCWorld reporter called me out of the blue last night and asked me if I’m scared of catching the virus. Yes I’m scared, same as I’m scared of getting hit by a car or never seeing my kids again. But there are so many other emotions in play.
Lord while Paul was arresting and putting to death Christians you apppeared to him forever changing his heart.What Satan meant for evil You meant for good.We ask that you now appear to whomever is creating this “virus” expose them Lord and then if it be your will change their
Working on uninstalling #CriminalInChief virus 
CCP leader, Xi Jinping, issued internal orders about coronavirus epidemic in early January, ~ 2 weeks before his first public remarks on the outbreak, according to a speech by Xi...he was aware of virus while officials at epicenter were downplaying dangers  …
Once again, official virus case numbers from China show a significant drop Hubei new cases fell from 2420 yesterday to 1843 today Wuhan new cases fell from 1923 yesterday to 1548 today Non-Wuhan Hubei new cases fell from 497 yesterday to 295 today Really? (source: Hubei gov't)
#China #Coronavirus #COVID19 Chinese doctors say a patient who has recovered from the virus and gets it again is more likely to die. Re-catching the virus would increase the risk of a heart attack. 
Japan has seen an increase in #coronavirus patients "from people with no direct connection to China," a possible sign that the virus is spreading inside the country.  …
Lots of concern these days about the seasonal flu and coronavirus causing so much harm, as there should be. But we should never overlook the spiritual virus, the many forms of sin, that infect our world. But, not to fear - Jesus is the Divine Physician.
Astonishing. 12 days from sample to 3D molecular structure. The virus itself was only id'd a month ago. A perfect example of the technical acceleration of biology.  …
Happiness in darkness, from gloomy to cheers.. feeling of returning motherland from corona virus hunted city... Jay Nepal !! 
Tim has official contracted the virus. Whats in your glass tonight? #beer 
Message sent to U.S. citizens on the Diamond Princess: "Should you choose not to return on this charter flight, you will be unable to return to the United States for a period of time. " 14 days additional quarantine. #virus #cruise  
Corona Virus Topic creating very interesting social dynamic with regards to interpretation / concern - 3 cohorts of opinion by speaker: 1) (not smart, no info access): concern 2) (smart, no info access): no big deal 3) (smart, info access): extreme concern Abnormal curve
#UK "...after a series of high level meetings health officials expected to order anyone with possible symptoms of flu to stay at home - if the virus is not contained. That means millions of Britons with coughs & colds could end up quarantined at home.  
ICYMI - Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan’s P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
A cruise ship is perfect lab to study virus spread dynamics and this is what is being done probably. I feel sorry for those trapped.
Nobody wants Corona Virus the most in this country than Nigerian journalists.
no this is china and you're corona virus.  …
Corona virus predicted months in advance ?? Crisis actors ?? There are some really sick people in this world, and that’s not referring to those infected. 
Girl let’s go buy corona virus masks -me to my friend with doo doo breath
I always knew something was not right about corona virus...the figures were so low. The way CCP is handling the virus is nowhere close to how Ebola was being contained(in Africa).
British media is a virus and so many of us, especially the new civility brigade, 
Exclusive: Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier: instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack 
PSA !!!! If you see Identity V anywhere online, DO NOT download it !!!! it will install a virus called Identity V to your pc and if you run it, it will launch Identity V
SODELPA really doesn't know what "airborne transmission" means. Someone tell them that no virus doesn't fly away with the wind affecting hundreds. It doesn't work like that.  
I can handle the virus.  …
We definitely can’t give him any virus attenuated vaccines... at a CD 4 count less than 400, he is exempted. And if it is a child, a CD 4 count less than 750, we not receive any virus attenuated vaccines.  …
This is was a corrupted socialist who isn't even legal @Ilhan wants NO law NO order & all her mercenaries & supporters into our country to clear us out & make room for illegals & our way of life @GOP @realDonaldTrump Socialist will take over fast like a virus #StopTheCoup #KAG  
We've updated  with a #nCoV2019 / #COVID19 genome collected from an infection in the Contamines ski area in the French Alps on Feb 8. This is now the most recent virus in the tree. Data courtesy of CNR Virus des Infections Respiratoires 
Because of the corona virus the racism against asians only increased, people are fucking dying and y'all have the audacity to make dumb ass jokes about it. I'm fucking mad. I swear I can't even walk in peace thinking bout that someone might look sickening at me
Grid management, a core domestic security mechanism, and employed by Chen Quango in Tibet and Xinjiang, ist now at the forefront of the "war" on the virus, as 760 million Chinese are under some form of residential lockdown. As in XJ, this securitization is very labor intensive.  …
Will this virus ever be stamped out? Now Aram Khudur Hussain, Jalil Darbaz Haje, and Qadir Ahmed are accused of imprisoning and a raping woman in Redcar The usual suspects: household names  …
One must ask: Is this the normal reaction to a flu virus? B R I A N K O L F A G E on Instagram: “More bodies in China!! Just kidding it’s California and it’s happening now! #coronavirus”  …
The virus in China can effect our generic drugs and antibiotics. Seems it is just as important for pharmaceuticals to produce drugs here than in China. It gives China too much of a hold on us. We want to not be oil dependent so why are we drug dependent?
Changes in how China counts how many people are sick with a new respiratory virus is confusing experts who can't tell if the epidemic is getting worse or not. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping has called for tighter policing to protect social stability, while Beijing ordered people returning to the capital to self-quarantine for 14 days in the latest measure aimed at containing the virus  
 searching for a cure to this deadly virus are NVAX & NNVC. Also, CODX has test kits available for early detection. Let's work together to stop the spread of this deadly disease.
Chinese doc’s say coronavirus can reinfect a second time.  even deadlier. Virus has “outsmarted all of us,” as it can hide symptoms for up to 24 days. This assertion has been made independently elsewhere. Tests show negative = false negative 
Dems How many cases of the corona virus would there now be in USA if we'd had open borders as you advocate? Still sure you want to globalize everything?
Here's your Virus Update: - Senate Democrats urged emergency funding. - The first death outside of Asia happened in France: a Chinese tourist. - Deaths worldwide exceed 1,500 and the UN's top doctor urged nations to prep for the unpredictable spread.  …
Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack. 
The Chinese government locked up everyone in their homes and told them to call and pay for the food If they need. What if people who have no money? CCP designed starvation will kill more than a virus 
Lowkey google corona virus everyday , to see if e don near us ... jP issa
Information from Nobles Hospital about the Corona virus. 
Which is more dangerous? RT for BiggBoss Like for Corona Virus
“Even when the situation is relieved...the machine is unable to change direction or tune down.” Indeed. Local officials are in an impossible position. Beijing has told them to restart the economy AND fight a people’s war agains the virus. Meanwhile the CCP is punishing laggards. 
Hoteps BEEN Told you about this Corona virus. First they create fear and panic. Then the useful idiots push "solutions" (Blue check dorks) to convince the plebs to unwittingly go along with the agenda. 
Live count of #CoronavirusOutbreak & keeps changing as & when updated. This gives you an idea where the virus is spreading, helping you plan your travel around the world. @MoHFW_INDIA @WHO @BJP4India @narendramodi_in 
#DiamondPrincess just had 38 ASYMPTOMATIC passengers test positive for the virus. But by all means keep booking flights for potentially infected passengers to fly all over the world. Checking for just a fever is #irresponsible #Quarantine them
We discovered a coronavirus similar to the covid-19 virus 7 years ago  
who could of guessed the guy who wants to kill the poor off via virus would spend his time pondering the age of consent  …
Don't forget, if Creepy Joe or any democrat was President today, we would be dealing with a mass infection of the China virus right now in the USA. All the Dem candidates stated they wouldn't have closed the borders to China travelers. They actually called it xenophobic.
American from Westerdam tests positive for virus  …
“Trump is not the virus. He’s the symptom. The virus is white supremacy and systematic racism. That happens in Democratic-led cities and Republican-led cities” 
“Outbreak Investigation” is a bit like detective work, it takes time to gather & verify info on the ground. Confusion expected under normal condition, now heightened b/c: 1)near real-time update on social media & 2)rapidly evolving epidemic +/- pandemic & 3)newly emerged virus
PSA !!!! If you see Regular Show anywhere online, DO NOT watch it !!!! it will give you a virus called Being In A Dead Show's Fandom to your brain and if you watch it, it will make you like Regular Show 
“China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus.” As they’ll state to be even more a reason to secure currencies in Digital. There’s no physical contact in transactions from P2P & B2B. Speed & efficiency are the additional benefits, globally.  …
Exclusive: Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack. $TSLA 
BACKGROUND I'm not big on credentialism. Need multidisciplinary effort vs virus. But since some deem it relevant, my bio: - Taught bioinformatics at Stanford - Papers in clinical/microbial genomics - MIT TR35 - Cofounder/CTO of biotech co sold for $375M  …
Shortly after Brexit, Coronavirus (which seems to be an engineered virus "accidentally" released from a biolab) has created a national emergency in China and ground economic activity to a halt.  …
That looks like the corona virus in food form  …
This is like the AIDs virus paying tribute to Freddie Mercury.  …
This person lost all credibility when she called Michael Avenatti “the Holy Spirit” @ananavarro Avenatti was your man’s man look Ana Why don’t you do a story on the corona virus or the homeless in LA and other democrat disaster cities  …
Wow, Nick Fuentes must have really pissed off JF. I've always liked JF. He's fun to watch. His corona virus speculations were great. And Destiny was like a psychopath who made my blood boil too. Wonder what happened with Nick. What did Nick do? I missed it. 
I had heard rumors before that people were suffering from heart and liver damage, but I wasn’t sure if it was from the virus itself or the meds used to cure it. I don’t expect we’ll get much  out of that country though.
La epidemia del coronavirus sigue mostrando lo que al gobierno de México no se le ocurre: The State Department is preparing to fly some Americans from the virus-stricken Diamond Princess cruise ship back to the U.S.—for two more weeks of quarantine  …
if your name starts with a c, I'm gonna call you corona virus, no offence doe
I’m in China at the moment witnessing a total disaster caused by the bloody virus. I really do hope it will never hurt those who I care about. You guys, I mean.  …
Corona virus . . . Khona virus . . . Rona virus Which disease u have...?
Please everyone！ Put on a mask before going out and avoid the crowd！ Coronavirus is already spread to Japan！It's a deadly virus which can spread silently, hidden in your body for over 15 days before you would notice. Tell your family and friends, the threat is real! 
PSA!!! If you see something called Danganronpa anywhere on Steam, DO NOT download it!!! it will install a virus called Danganronpa to  and if you run it, it will run Danganronpa
This story has been circulating for a while now. If it's true it goes a long way to explain the massive reaction by China to contain the virus. Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover 
A man in East China’s Shandong Province showed #coronavirus symptoms of fever and cough, 10 days after finishing the quarantine period. The person, along with his wife and two children tested positive for the virus on Sat. #COVID19 
“What am I going to do without my dad? The treatment was so delayed！“ wailing of a girl in #Wuhan after her dad passed away due to #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #VIRUS_CORONA #WuhanPneumonia 
President Xi Jinping began fighting the coronavirus epidemic earlier than previously known, a newly published speech indicates, underscoring that he was concerned about the virus even while officials at its epicenter were downplaying its dangers 
The prevalence of HIV keeps increasing especially in the lake regions counties because: ✓People are not aware on how the virus is spread, prevention,it's effect on individual  ✓Irresponsibility- people just don't care about tomorrow ,,among other things
Very much agree with this. All the debates about how #SARSCoV2 might change to  more or less deadly are speculation based on almost no data. Beside the point given how much we still need to learn about the actual virus infecting and killing patients right now.  …
The virus now spreads to Chennai! This is nothing but sheer bullying - telling an elected govt that you may have the mandate to make the laws, but we have the strength of lawlessness and the media on our side! 
CAUTION: There is no way to verify this information. Even if a lab worker involved in research on bats was bitten by a bat, no evidence is here offered that the bat, or the scientist, were infected with SAR-CoV-2 virus.  …
#NHCgov Public Health has been alerted to a fake news article circulating on social media claiming there are cases of Coronavirus in Wilmington. This is false & no testing for the virus has occurred in our county. Help  this misinformation & report the post if you see it 
East London’s the only place without corona virus so please 
Comparing Bobby Eaton to Nick Jackson is  Corona beer to the Corona Virus.
An #American woman who disembarked from #Westerdam has been tested positive for #coronavirus #COVID19 when she landed in #Malaysia. #Cambodia had claimed all passengers were cleared of the virus. #PhnomPenh was the only country to allow the ship to  …
the wind is so strong cos the government wants to spread corona virus
Shutting down surveillance research at the Manipal Centre for Virus Research and questioning the first-ever surveillance study of Indian bats, are steps in the wrong direction, writes Shahid Jameel, CEO,  Trust DBT India Alliance  …
Outbreak of a dangerous virus has consumed 100s of lives in China, it has made thousands & lacs losing their livelihood. A human being (?) shouldn't be looking for positive economic impact of the grave tragedy faced by fellow humans.  …
CCP is actually "good" in spreading confusion (to hide real numbers)  efforts to contain new virus from China. 
We are pleased to have discharged two patients we have been treating for coronavirus. Tests have shown they no longer have the virus and pose no risk to anyone. Read a full update from @NHSEngland:  
Virus outbreak impacting production of hockey sticks used by pro players  
The extremely virulent coronavirus which is sweeping through China's Hubei province like wildfire will eventually gain a foothold in the United States -  a 'community virus' this year or next, according to CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield. 
"Before the coronavirus spread, putting the freedom, health and wellbeing of innocent people at risk, millions of innocent Uighurs were already being imprisoned, tortured and killed - because they had the "virus" of Islam."  — #AJOpinion, by Omar Suleiman
The iron grip of Xi and the Party trying to rigidly control 1.4 billion people. The virus evades info control by the state.  …
The more this virus spreads the more this will happen. It is not kind to the elderly.  …
So the US woman on the cruise ship was cleared by the Cambodian authorities from Covid-19, but upon landing in KLIA our authorities detected that she had symptoms of the virus. Subsequently it turns out she is positive the virus.Goes to show the screening in KLIA is effective.
Chinese woman spreading Corona virus 
Captain Obvious of epidimiologic observations “Some 3,500 people being kept in quarantine on Carnival Diamond Princess. The latest cases bring total infections to almost 300, fueling concerns that rather than keeping passengers safe, quarantine is allowing the virus to spread.”
Medical experts expressed concerns that virus still spreading on the ship, through the crew, or even perhaps through air conditioning system — although the captain has repeatedly assured passengers the air in their cabins is fresh rather than recycled.  …
Chinese regulator promises to help firms resume work amid virus outbreak  
Hello! I'm neoz-... who am I?? a happy virus.. also talented.. and lovely.. our Dawonie Kyaaaa I like it 
#NCYT #NOVACYT "Novacyt is the only one to develop a test to detect Corona virus" Target share price €7, 581p in English h/t AR 
The State Department is preparing to fly some Americans from the virus-stricken Diamond Princess cruise ship back to the U.S.—for two more weeks of quarantine 
Isolate the virus, not love. Although our homestand in February is cancelled, we are proud to have you all. Protect the ones you love. The world could always use more heroes! ( •́ω•̩̥̀ ) 
First came the locusts. Then came the virus. And now this! All apocalyptic visions being fulfilled!! 
"Beijing remains  to stemming the free flow of information as it is determined to fight the actual virus, even when those priorities are in clear conflict," writes @LizEconomy in 
You know what else could kill you besides corona-virus? Your expectations.
The leader of the World Health Organization says the agency is concerned about the growing number of virus cases in China, but also encouraged that the country's efforts to contain the outbreak "appear to have bought the world time.” 
Joshua, one can literally call the virus whatever they want. Those are just words. But words are powerful, as you know well. Words can bring abt unity+strength. They can also divide & generate blinded hate towards an entire group of ppl. I doubt that’s what you intended. 望謹言  …
is this virus outbreak the crack in Xi's armor that so many inside the system have been hoping for that allows for pushback that checks some of his power? or will he figure out to use this yet again to his political advantage?
The three patients we were treating with coronavirus at the Royal Free Hospital have now been discharged. Tests showed they no longer have the virus.
Please reply with #afilicumartesi What does love mean to you? For me : respecting and protecting loved ones! And of course a Virus that doesn’t spread out Hadi AyKer Afili Fam Let me hear your answers
Novel coronavirus: Summer temperatures in India to keep virus at bay  … via @BT_India
How to deal with corona virus 
Join me in paying homage to WING COMMANDER JAIPAUL JAMES on his Balidan divas today. Wing Commander Jaipaul James has immortalized himself in Virus SW-80 Microlight aircraft crash in Assam on Feb 15, 2018. 
Hey David. My name is Alvin Crespo and I left PR in 2017 (just before María) to start my PhD studying virus evolution. I focus on viruses of cassava (yuca) in Africa/Asia, where yuca is a huge food crop and its production is greatly constrained by this group of viruses. (1/2) 
UPDATE: Eight out of the nine confirmed UK coronavirus cases have left hospital after twice testing negative for the virus  
Real time #virus spread science experiment in play, Cambodia style. One of the passengers which disembarked from the Westerdam who went through this greeting line has been confirmed positive by Malaysia. How much of Cambodia's leadership/press met w/that patient? 
PSA : If you see Final Fantasy XIV anywhere online, DO NOT download it! It will install a virus called Final Fantasy XIV to your PC & if you run it, it will launch Final Fantasy XIV! #FFXIV
charlie ebi this version of Ghana adey ebi Corona-virus Type Fuck Jah Bless we with Abundant Money #KENCY2020
Two people who had contact with a Tokyo taxi driver who was found to have the coronavirus Thursday have also tested positive for the virus. One was a worker at a local taxi association, while the other was a worker on a boat where the driver attended a party - Japan
In #China’s Shangdong Province, a guy is tested positive for #COVID19 10 days after he was let go from quarantine. He had no symptoms during the quarantine. His wife and two kids have all been tested positive virus and they are all patients with no symptoms. 
iphone copy this shit real quick i dont want virus on my phone but i want to flip my phone when im mad  …
When there are better alternatives, HKGov insists to use places near residential areas, I doubt if HKGov aiming to got HKers all be infected by the virus 
#coronavirus: A good chart about the reasons that make #coronavirus a difficult virus to deal with. Via @EvinoHuang 
Two ways to view China's autocracy: (1) with gushing admiration for how fast things get built ( @tomfriedman), or (2) with a deeper understanding of how central control stultifies. @gerardtbaker makes the connection between China's economic policies & its botched virus response.  …
VIRUS OUTBREAK: NHS ENGLAND HAS SAID ALL BUT ONE OF THE NINE PATIENTS IN THE UK WHO TESTED POSITIVE FOR THE CORONAVIRUS HAVE BEEN DISCHARGED FROM THE HOSPITAL #breakingnews
Join me in paying homage to WING COMMANDER DUSHYANT VATS || 113 FC || on his Balidan divas today. Wing Commander Dushyant Vats has immortalized himself in Virus SW-80 Microlight aircraft crash in Assam on Feb 15, 2018. He left behind parents, wife MAJOR KUMUD DOGRA & a daughter. 
OH NO MY PC CAUGHT THE VIRUS 
Don't even save anything for special occasion... being alive is the special occasion...
4/6. climate change is a pandemic by a deadly, contagious, virus. These weeks, the world watches in fear the spread of the coronavirus. Somehow it was transferred from bats to humans. Now some Chinese researchers say that the endangered pangolins may be the missing link in
Very clear from the treatment of #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak China is spreading the virus all over the world, it's too arrogant to believe it can control the outbreak 
“We are not just fighting an epidemic. We are fighting an #infodemic. Fake news spreads just as fast and easily as this virus, and it is very dangerous,” - @DrTedros warns about #coronavirus misinformation at #MSC2020. #COVID19.
Finally! It's good news as China sees big drop in new virus cases   …
Smoking gun: Emperor Corona knew #coronaviruschina on January 7 & covered it up. As a result, more Chinese people have been killed & infected by this drop dead virus. It's Chernobyl!  …
„We spend billions to prepare for a military attack but far too little to prepare for the attack of a #virus“ - important statement by @DrTedros but not the first time this has been called for. When will we accept the critical role of #epidemic #preparedness? #MSC2020 #COVID19
We survived Jan..a whole Full Month We survived Locusts..the notorious Insects We Survived Corona virus...a deadly Disease.... We Survived Valentines Day.... Therefore all those Bestowals shall Arid 
PSA !!!! If you see twitter anywhere online, DO NOT download it !!!! it will install a virus called twitter to your phone & if you run it, it will launch twitter
dates: around Dec 8, 1st #coronavirusus case; 1/7 politburo mtg, no mention of virus in news release; 1/6-18 Wuhan & then Hubei NPC mtgs; 1/20, Zhong Nanshan warned publicly about infections among human; News said many Wuhan citizens didn’t wear masks; 1/23 Wuhan lockdown.  …
The United States plans to evacuate Americans from the Diamond Princess cruise ship held in quarantine at a Japanese port since early February, the US embassy said Saturday. #Japan #UnitedStates #virus  …
Japan this time is quite unfortunate due to the #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak in the cruise, and now spread to Japan homeland  local spread of virus. I believe in Japanese’s strong civil society can get over this! Please take care and upgrade the awareness of people!  …
It’s one thing for an organization to make an honest mistake, it’s another for governor to brazenly claim credit for something he didn’t do. In TrumpSununu world decency doesn’t exist but that world isn’t real, it’s a temporary virus.  …
Top tier US Government national security insiders all saying the same thing: China's extreme mismanagement of the virus (Chernobyl-like reflexive information control, refusing intl aid, etc.) makes it very likely it will  a pandemic. US needs to prepare.
#CoronaVirus #COVID19 How Robots are helping Corona Virus quarantine people. *********** 
Here in Canada they’re finding the same thing. A couple in their 50s still have the virus in their systems even though they have recovered.  …
Let’s hope steps toward ending the illegal trade in pangolins will be redoubled in the light of a possible link with the corona virus outbreak   …
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Lutyen’s is in every city. When you directly or indirectly start ganging up with those who are victims of nepotism, entitlement or corrupt power, you have caught the virus. That’s why @narendramodi keeps away from such people. Sadly, his own people don’t learn anything from him.
China taps blockchain technology to boost financing for businesses hit by virus 
Lutyen’s isn’t a LW territory. It’s a mindset. Anyone can be a victim of this deadly virus. Earlier it infected beneficiaries of the British Raj and Congress Raj. Now it infests those wannabees who grew up in awe of Lutyen’s elites but fit in nowhere.
A man in East China’s Shandong Province showed #coronavirus symptoms of fever and cough, 10 days after finishing the quarantine period. The person, along with his wife and two children tested positive for the virus on Sat. His family members showed no symptoms. 
This is analogous to the polio virus being used to treat glioblastomas as first reported by @60Minutes & Dr. William Coley’s cancer-killing toxins over 100 years ago! Pioneers like Dr. Coley were right-our immune system can help fight cancer!  …
I wrote something on the history of the Wuhan punk scene for @RadiiChina. Wuhan is a very special place for Chinese punk rock and for me personally and, I hope it will be remembered as the epicenter of Chinese rebellion, not for a virus:  …
Cash is just one of many surfaces that people  in contact with, as the virus can spread by fomites, expert  on the central bank's decision of collecting cash for sterilization or destruction. The #COVID19 can live 4-5 days on paper.  
Virus Outbreak: NHS England has said all but one of the nine patients in the UK who tested positive for the coronavirus have been discharged from the hospital
China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus  …
The corona virus is working, it has stomped down not only the Hong Kong protests but anti banks/government protests worldwide. The Elite have free path to  their greatest plan, flipping the old monetary system and economy to the new quantum financial system
So now our story has gone to the TOP of the BBC news under #mustsee  I’m up there with the corona virus. CMON you know @liamgallagher
[Thread] @shujamtaro, @suzutaro18, & Japan friends, as a HKer we can not provide much help, but we can tell you some experiences of HK in facing these kinds of #WuhanCoronavirus. This time, the virus is suspected to be spread through “toilets”, which are the cases in HK...  
(Bloomberg) --A Chinese tourist has died in France, marking the first death outside Asia from the coronavirus, France’s health ministry said. The virus has killed more than 1,500 in China. Japan, Thailand and Malaysia on Saturday confirmed new cases.
Time to block our airspace. We are not ready for this in Nigeria. I'm not married with kids yet, I'm not on Forbes richest youth yet. I am yet to even have sex. Please God, we don't want Corona virus or Covid-19. We are okay with Toyota Corolla
Woke up with a slight sore throat for the first time in 3.5 years. Must be human contact on the flight to Dixie Alley a week ago. NOT ruling out Corona Virus
BACKGROUND CHECK 018: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT COVID-19 Novel (new) coronavirus, 2019-nCoV ARD (acute respiratory disease) or the COVID-19 is a type of virus that infects both animals and humans, which leads to an upper respiratory infection (URI). 
Poland and Hungary will be maybe the last countries to have cases of corona virus. Think about that. Why? Strong BORDERS. Open illegal immigration is a virus. A plague. A little lesson here.
CDC is trying to prepare the USA to deal with the threat. It's difficult however to know who to screen, when we don't even know everywhere this virus exists. As stated, CDC's budget was cut by 10%. It should have been increased instead. We need to increase science funding in USA.
We live in odd times where we are accustomed to everything being "instant". Email, oatmeal, news... but when a new virus shows up in the world it takes time to develop testing kits and longer to develop vaccines. This is something that the media should better explain to people.
can this corona virus died quickly when will the situation get back to normal... i’m so tired of wearing mask everyday... my concert & travel plans = my life is ruined too
Yes and that fish count will not include a lot of the bykill of millions of unwanted species along with trillions of krill & other miniscule incredible species. We are a virus to all life on earth.
There is no putting coronavirus back in the bottle. Our traditional biomedical approach to pandemics subordinates people to the virus, and ignores the importance of access to health. It is time to expand from firefighting to fireproofing. 
This Virus is Racist 
Watching about the Corona Virus on youtube, apparently there is now some racism directed towards Chinese people. STOP IT, you have more chance of winning the lottery than contracting the virus from a Chinese person, who by the way has probably not been to China since last year or
Coronavirus: How the virus has spread globally Contingency planning by the government envisions that if the virus spreads unchecked it will reach every part of Britain within a few months Read more:  
A virus called #Wuhan-400 causes outbreak … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events?  … 
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
67 more people test positive for coronavirus on Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan: Read updates on virus outbreak 
At tomorrow's session on "Going Viral" Anusha Singh @TIFRScience will discuss the basics of viruses and how they spread, and the ongoing outbreak of #coronavirus disease. With misinformation spreading faster than the virus, this is a session you shouldn't miss! 
Why does the suffering of #Uyghurs receive only a fraction of the media coverage the victims of the #coronavirus are receiving? Is it because the virus has the potential to spread across the world and infect others?  …
"Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it necessitates trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions," writes TIME's 
China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus | BLOOMBERG Central Bank also ramped up measures to sanitize old money to reduce contagion risks & added 600 BILLION yuan ($85.9 BILLION) of new cash for Hubei, the epicenter of the coronavirus  …
From now on i won't argue with anybody who looks for my trouble,i will just smile and pray, May he be taken to China!!!! Corona virus will be waiting for that person.
While WHO officials gush over how great China is handling #coronavirus #MSC2020, France announces 1st death in Europe of virus patient  …
Father God, we aggressively apply the Blood of #Jesus over all our households, that no plague can touch any member of our family. Release the healing power of Christ for all those that have been affected by this corona virus. Jesus, protect all the medical personnel, we pray!
Synthetic versions of the deadly virus could help test treatments. But what are the risks when viruses can be synthetized from scratch? 
First death from virus in Europe  …
@FAO @WFP @wyfegypt @wef @WHO @antonioguterres @UNEP @WWF make pressure to our governments to save the tropical rain forests around the world. Child labor, new diseases and virus, food insecurity, and indigenous rights are the problems of deforestation. 
REVEALED! The reason why there hasn’t been a positive case of the covid-19 virus among Indonesians in the country is because of *drum rolls* “Medically, prayers. All because of prayers”, said Health Minister Terawan Agus Putranto at a press conference today at HLP. 
Synthetic versions of the deadly virus could help test treatments. But what are the risks when viruses can be synthetized from scratch? 
‘Corona’  the first international virus that most Indian celebrities  on. Earlier such posts used to be ‘Awareness barometer’ of stars. Such are the effects of #CAA #NRC
The coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is over 1,520 with four people outside China. First death in Europe: A Chinese tourist who tested positive for the virus died in France 
The two doctors at the same hospital in Japan who have been diagnosed with the virus both contracted the virus while working at the hospital  …
theres a new virus called "dongpyo's laughter"... dont catch it or you will fall deeper for him 
BREAKING: A Chinese tourist died from the coronavirus in Paris, France's health ministry said. It's the first fatality caused by the virus outside Asia  
More “positives” due to #CoronaVirus you missed sir: 1. Sudden population reduction 2. Great business for Pharma, Hospital &  3. Blackmarketeers of masks making huge gains 4. Hollywood producers eagerly waiting for new virus movie scripts
At an educated guess: it was to discuss China and #coronavirus - the Russians would have a very good idea as to the true origins of the Virus (esp if a bio agent) noting that Russia imposed its travel restrictions weeks ago  …
Exclusive: #Chinese doctors say #coronavirus reinfection even deadlier Instead of creating immunity the virus can reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack 
Virus Outbreak: French Health Minister confirms a Chinese tourist in France has died of coronavirus which is the first fatality in Europe
World’s leading expert Doctor on Corona Virus. Put Yourself first. #corona #coronavirus 
People are dying because of a deadly virus but this fellow found some "positives"... When we look back and wonder where the human race lost its humanity I hope they include this tweet as well  …
In the first week of Jan: Doctors were arrested for privately sharing news about this outbreak. Xi Jinping held a  about the virus PLA-linked universities were closed to prevent spread. Normal people were emphatically told there was nothing to worry about.  …
Wang Yi: Virus respects no border & requires collective response. Leaders of 160 countries & intl organizations expressed their sympathy & support through telegrams or letters. Governments and people of dozens of countries helped us. We are grateful for such kindness. 
CORONAVIRUS OURTBREAK First case of deadly virus reported in Africa Patient tested positive in Egypt Authorities still withholding nationality Findings cause panic in Africa Death toll now hits 1523 
I was diagnosed with #HIV when I was 31. I didn’t then think I’d live to be 50. In April, at 52, I’m running my first Marathon. HIV is a virus, not a limitation. Please help me raise funds for @aidsmap’s vital services.  
China's Ministry of Science and Technology stressed on Sat the need to strengthen the management of laboratories, especially virus controls, to assure biological security. (File Photo) 
HK gov 1. aren’t willing to close the border —>  to HongKong easily 2. places chosen to be a quarantine centre are always near residential area —> virus will be spreader easily Okay... so are they trying to get as many as HongKong people to be infected? 
Same virus, but many different  in plants. In this review with @AnnaCollRius and @GrudenKristina, we shed light on the underlying molecular mechanisms. #PVY  …
Corona Virus contingency planning by British Government. Quite rightly demonstrating that this is a multi sectoral problem and thus requires a multi-sectoral response. Education, Transport, Health; Finance +++ #Nigeria #EmergencyPreparedness 
While everyone is freakin out about the virus, Tamil people are sayin: “Rasam saapta athellaa varaathu”.
Poor inocent animals Some humans are a virus!!!
The new batch of 67 virus cases on the Japan cruise ship was out of 217 people tested  …
This is serious. Mass arrest? For what? Protesting against government jeopardising their and their families lives with their crappy decisions? If the government cared so much about the spread of the virus, it would have closed all the borders, like the other countries did.  …
Imagining tmz as a corona virus #Darjeeling Sold outs be like 1. Corona 2. Aur corona 3. Bass corona 4. Mat corona 5. Dheere se corona 6. Zor se corona 7. Ek baar corona Life of a puppet in #Darjeeling  …
Breaking - A court in #Beijing said based on the current law in #China, intentionally spreading virus of an infectious disease is an act that endangers public security abd it could directly cause others to get the disease and  seriously ill or die. Such act could ... 
China appreciates Germany's objective and calm attitude toward novel #coronavirus; panic is more fearful than the virus, Chinese FM tells German president. China is capable of  the epidemic, and has confidence to minimize its impact, he says  
It's too early to conclude blacks are resistant to #CORONAVIRUS. Afrikans be aware this could be a trap to introduce the virus in AfriKa. Afrikan epidimic experts should release a factual report. 
It’s a dude on the plan next to me with the regular ass hospital mask on and another dude that walked in with the stylish ass fashionable mask. Which one of them you think got the virus already?
8 new virus cases in Tokyo h/t  …
LATEST on #CoronaVirus: • The U.S, will evacuate American citizens on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan. • Death toll in China has exceeded 1,500, more than 67,000 cases globally. • Egypt reported Africa's first confirmed case of the virus.
The Corona virus might be contained before September 2020. You stand a good chance of getting the scholarship since few people want to study in Wuhan, China. Get the scholarship first, then decide whether or not to study in China when   …
ADDITIONAL 67 VIRUS CASES FOUND ON DIAMOND PRINCESS: TBS
A 70m vessel deployed to bleach and pass salmon through UV light in delousing & virus killing attempt. Apparently this is due to the concern of “critics” about sea lice & viruses in salmon farms ⁦ @FergusEwingMSP⁩ ⁦⁦  …
Were gidi ni awon chinese yii O..... no wonder the virus dey spread like fire 
Results show that if as low as 20% of infected persons are asymptomatic & can transmit the virus, then even 95% quarantine efficacy will not be able to contain the virus #COVID19  Non-Linearity and Exponential Risks #COVID19  @pmarca  
Breaking News: the Corona Virus has just been elected the 46th President of the United States of America. 
'This is the virus I fear the most': British scientist leading coronavirus fight says it's 'not absurd' to forecast 400,000 UK fatalities as world-wide death toll surges past 1,500 
Everyone in Egypt please be careful. The first case of corona virus has been confirmed in Egypt and the medical staff that received the patient is a joke. They literally took a selfie with him. May god keep us safe.
Corona Virus in Egypt, Visa on arrival in Nigeria, % China products, In fact we even have China Town in Lagos. It will take God for this epidemic not to enter this country.
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Bible's - lyov 36:5 proves that God is kabir powerful He solve all types of problem if we doing God kabir worship. All people's which are infected by any virus like #coronavirus Please try or prayers God kabir #COVID19 Jesus 
Can’t confirm authenticity, but the timing, just as doctors were being detained for talking abt the virus, is interesting:  …
"As I read about what was quickly turning into a global pandemic of conspiracy theories, overreaction, and blatant racism, the hysteria, opportunism, and xenophobia that had been unleashed by the virus became much scarier than the virus itself." 
200215 FOURTRY Weibo update To help Wuhan fight against the virus , FOURTRY has purchased 10000 face masks and donated them to  in Huanggang,Wuhan. Fighting Wuhan! Fighting China! #KrisWu 
Hawaii announces its coronavirus tests from the CDC were faulty, and it points to a major gap in treating and stopping the spread of the virus  …
Well well well.... if it isn’t the Influenza virus.... and it means business this time
CDC Director Warns Outbreak Corona Virus Is Coming to US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Robert Redfield said this won’t be enough to stop an eventual outbreak in America, it’s only a matter of time before the virus  established  …
Coronavirus researchers are using high-tech methods to predict where the virus might go next 
It blows me away that people are so keen to 'protect Australians' from a virus, but not from a climate apocalypse. Both are know threats, though the virus is easier contained and treated and less threat to life. Both will affect the economy, though climate action may help it.
From yesterday: signs of normal life in a back alley of Wuhan. The virus won’t stop this trio - playing for fun and without masks on no less! Check out their old school cards. 
The virus is SARS-CoV-2, but the disease is COVID-19.  …
Funny that global governments can’t top a virus but can change the Earths temperature?  
The Indonesia government must take action to close the wildlife markets in Indonesia before viruses originating from wildlife emerge and  an epidemic. Bat for sale at Indonesia's wildlife market despite virus warning  … lewat @Yahoo
According to corbyn its Racist to swerve Chinese areas because you are worried you might get corona virus and die. My god he's not real is he  …
Xi Hua, Hunan Provence, while nobody allowed to go out from their doors, local governments organized a mass funeral ceremony for an “important figure”. This could gives opportunity for spreading #coronavirus more widely and rapidly. I think the #CCP is more deadly than the virus. 
"The events of 17 years ago were responsible for cementing distrust, when Hong Kong found itself alone for weeks as a mysterious new virus killed hundreds while central authorities in Beijing remained silent."  …
Coronavirus: Man runs ultra-marathon in apartment as China fights virus with exercise  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04 #FBR
8 Samoan people being sent to Fiji to self quarantine of the Corona Virus after a trip to India for medical reasons. They had to transit through to Singapore (high risk) to Fiji then back home to Samoa only to be sent back to Fiji by the Samoan govt.
Seems like this virus may be the catalyst for PBOC to launch this plan sooner than later >> Patents reveal extent of China’s digital currency plans  …
One thing never changes her smile My happy virus happy pill @ygofficialblink #블랙핑크 #리사 #LISA #LALISA #小莎 #リサ #ラリサ #ลิซ่าPin 
My happy news for the day: 7,177 Recovered from the Corona Virus
Omg, imagine being in this situation, where there is a deadly virus and the government is spraying unknown chemicals all around and knowing your government, you can’t even be sure whether it is to kill the virus or ....  …
Not trying to sound like a nervous Nellie here but just doing research on the Corona virus and I came across something troubling. This virus can stay alive on hard surfaces for 9 days. I know we still do trade with China so what's the chances of some goods from China...
Updates about corona virus. It can be transmitted through phone calls now. Be guided
This is how the novel #coronavirus that has claimed over 1,500 lives in #China looks like under the scanning and transmission electron #microscope (Source: NIAID's Rocky Mountain Laboratories) Chinese scientists also revealed a image of the virus in January 
WA Sources: Peacefuls are planning to add some kind of virus in the food PAN India which will make Hindus infertile eventually. As a precaution we need to avoid all peaceful restaurants & food shops.. Is this information true?
Dont accept friend request of unknown good looking person on social media without verification. Looks can be deceptive . These beautiful looking images are of Corona Virus !!! 
So I got a virus on my laptop And the thing is, I didn't do anything and it just disappeared. Must have ransomware.
Amid major push to promote traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), new Hubei  head says TCM used in more than half of confirmed virus cases in the province.  …
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time. - Maya Angelou
Remember the Chinese that were ushered out of the government lab in Manitoba? It seems they had shipped the corona virus to a lab in China 20 miles from the epicenter of the outbreak. When will Canada stop having these people in our universities and government positions.
"half of the population will be infected with the virus, which could reach every part of Britain within months. This would force intensive care units to make 'hard choices' about prioritising who to treat"  …
Radical Islam is a pestilence that is unleashing Satan On us right before our eyes, and even the non Christian countries fear it and won’t let its deadly virus in their doors . . . But we will . . .  …
This after finance officials said yesterday authorities allocated RMB80.55bln ($11.5bln) for virus prevention and control. RMB41mln already paid out. ( #China attempting to ramp up economic activity while clamping down on #coronavirus. So hard to achieve both at same time.)
Jusko. So baka 8 games a day and 2 separate venue daw! Because of the corona virus thingie. Hahaha. Mamadaliin ang UAAP!
People don't like thoughts of horrible things. With this #virus you can 1. Act like there's no threat, ignore it, but be unprepared if it DOES arrive or 2. Look at facts, prepare for the worst, but HOPE for the BEST. Better to over-prepare early than panic the last minute.
#China’s incredibly challenging (and expensive) balancing act. Banks, financial institutions have provided over RMB537bln ($76.9bln) in credit to fight the virus, banking regulator says today...
I was told by a DU academic last Tuesday that some #NorthEast students were teased as “corona virus” in a north campus college resulting into a tense situation. How many more decades will need to understand one part of your own nation??  …
It's a terrible idea. They belong on the ship in quarantine. Moving them will only increase the risk of the spread of the virus
" #Keto diet tames deadly flu virus in' study. 7 day diet protected against Influenza A virus. Mortality Weight loss Resipiratory func'n Inflammation BHB supplements no good, only overall #keto. Article quotes human IAV. Role in #COVID2019?  
Egypt has  the first country in Africa to confirm a case of the deadly coronavirus while the Kingdom of eSwatini has recorded its first suspected case of the virus in a woman who arrived from China in South Africa and then crossed into eSwatini. #sabcnews
The Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry wants a "partial lift" of the China travel ban. Given the unknowns about the virus and the success of the ban so far in limiting the virus' spread to Aus, this suggestion sounds quite mad.  …
Ground Zero | How Kerala used its experience in controlling the 2018 Nipah virus outbreak to prepare for a potential COVID-19 spread #coronavirus #Kerala 
Two MORE cruise ships are denied permission to dock in Vietnam over Corona Virus fears 
Blue state throat stomps. The LEFT infection makes Corona Virus look like a joke. Blue State MAGA's have the worst challenge in containing the LEFT Pandemic. @joey_nations is taking the LEFT contagion head on... and his only protection is a MAGA hat. Share. RT.  …
[200215] Happy Valentine Day ~ My Happy Virus~°` @bplannnnn #คนของแปลน 
William Barr and Jeffrey Epstein really dragging down the good name of the Epstein Barr virus
"The Eyes of Darkness, a 1981 thriller by bestselling suspense author Dean Koontz, tells of a Chinese military lab that creates a virus as part of its biological weapons programme. The lab is located in Wuhan, which lends the virus its name, Wuhan-400"  …
Harvard’s Marc Lipsitch thinks it is just a matter of time before the virus spreads widely internationally ---- Every story I've read quoting epidemiologist says this. Every story I read from quoting traders/investors thinks the opposite.  …
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Bible's - lyov 36:5 proves that God is kabir powerful He solve all types of problem if we doing God kabir worship. All people's which are infected by any virus like #coronavirus Please try or prayers God kabir #COVID19 Jesus 
Hope all the preventive & timely measures taken by our Union Government & all the State Governments are effectively implemented to deal with the deadly #coronavirus threat in India. (Below was the response by the @MoHFW_INDIA to my question raised in Rajya Sabha on Corona virus) 
#கலவரம்தூண்டும்திமுக DMK is another name of corona virus in india...especially in tamil nadu.. A curse for this state...during 60s created rift against leader kamaraj and spoiled his name.. Now in 2020 they are creating same slogan among muslim brothers..
When you hate the peoples more than the virus.. #IZONE 
Wang says #CCP has  prevention  control efforts that other countries can't do. He urges US not to take unnecessary virus-response measures. Wow! Big deal. He thinks Trump is stupid enough to put all Americans' lives at risk?  …
Hongkongers’ prejudice and mainlanders: there’s more to it than politics and the virus  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Coronavirus: "This virus... concerns me the most of everything I've worked on." A scientist at the forefront of researching the coronavirus says it could "potentially" spread to 60% of the population. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
The problem is when I warned in September about Islamic Kashmir to Islamic India no one in India took my research seriously. Saudi, Turkey and Pakistan took it serious, they put me on a watch list. Now look at the spread of this Islamic radical zombie virus.
Even by the standards of dialectical materialism, the People's Daily is impressive today. Xi exhorts officials to hit growth targets this year. Meanwhile, Beijing wages all-out virus fight, including an order that firms shall have "zero infections". Very hard to pull off both. 
#ShaheenBhag like situation in Tamil Nadu. This Islamic radicalism virus is worse than the Corona Virus. If this virus enters you, you  a zombie devoid of  sense.
No, it actually tested negative. But my symptoms are flu-like to the T. Doctor said it’s “some other mystery virus” so now I’m just convinced I have Coronavirus
AFB on a military transport plane? I get it if you're stuck in an interior cabin and just can't stand one more second or are suffering from what I believe is the irrational fear that you might catch the virus from the ventilation system on board. For me and my wife, however,
Deepest thanks & salute to Dr #AlfredWong & all #medics in HK! Hundreds of HK doctors & nurses are going thr’ similar family separations as they battle a super malignant virus having killed over 1500 ppl in mainland China. #COVID19 #武漢肺炎 
The virus thing is getting to our nerves, we go late and return early from office to avoid crowd, mask supply is still very low, people are hoarding tissue, rice, packed foods, shops are closing, hotels are empty, and everyone is concerned 
Beijing city is intensifyng virus fight, ordering all Beijing-based work units to ensure "zero infections" as the city faces a challenge of rising arrivals of migrant workers. The capital city enacted a law Friday all  to Beijing must be quarantined for 14 days. 
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible eating meat is against the rules of God. And you can see it's result, Corona Virus is spreading because of meat. 
Forget Corona virus. This is the real danger #VoteCuomoOut #poison #virus #EnemyOfThePeople 
The first case of #COVID19 in #Africa has been confirmed in #Egypt. The MoH in has activated emergency systems. @AfricaCDC will continue to support all countries to rapidly detect & contain this virus. #FactsNotFear #AfricaPrepares @_AfricanUnion @WHOEMRO 
Traditional remedies VS new virus: Wuhan opens temporary hospital using traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) in its fight against coronavirus epidemic  
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Bible's - lyov 36:5 proves that God is kabir powerful He solve all types of problem if we doing God kabir worship. All people's which are infected by any virus like #coronavirus Please try or prayers God kabir #COVID19 Jesus 
Thanks @JanJekielek 4 this must watch #coronaviruschina interview w/ @Laurie_Garrett. I learned so much from her. She talked abt howstate media downplays this killer virus  it 2seasonal flu infects 13 million & kills 10K Americans @-41:23.  …  
One Shanghai civilian exposed: There was an outbreak of virus in Shanghai Over 3000 cases were confirmed The number will not be announced All the stores incl. supermarkets, food catering, medical facilities were closed Who said that? If Shanghai is done, China is done! 
Yes, because true Hindus are not Communal or violent. They believe Sarva Dharm Sadhbhav & Vasudhaiva kutumbakam. Communalism & violence is a virus that has infected Hindutva which is not a religion. It is a political tool for dividing people to gain power practised by the BJP/RSS  …
The virus is SARS-CoV-2, but the disease is COVID-19.  …
hearing Leafy on Drama Alert is so fucking weird "just so you know, I have Corona virus" -first words heard from Leafyishere in forever what is 2020
Today we honour and remember #braveheart Wg Cdr Jaipaul James and Wg Cdr Dushyant Vats of the @IAF_MCC lost his life in a Microlight Aircraft crash in Majuli, #Assam. They were flying the Virus SW-80 which experienced a technical problem leading to the crash. 
Virus takes big toll on China’s health workers 
After Indian scientists were forced to withdraw their study concluding #Coronavirus was injected with HIV AIDS virus amidst massive online criticism, now Indian authorities have launched an investigation against China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology.  …
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Bible's - lyov 36:5 proves that God is kabir powerful He solve all types of problem if we doing God kabir worship. All people's which are infected by any virus like #coronavirus Please try or prayers God kabir #COVID19 Jesus 
NEWS SUMMARY: - Africa has its first case of #COVID19 (Egypt) - Japan and Singapore close to epidemic status - Nearly 2000 health workers have contracted the virus - Japanese man with virus travelled to Maui and O’ahu - A lab 900 ft from Wuhan Market tested viruses in bats
Today's Valentine: Covid-19 video is out. In it I discuss how the virus creates harm in the human body, the possibility of a 2nd infection being worse than the 1st, and crazy illogical ""markets."" 
Human rights abuses are apparently tolerable as long as they involve a virus you don't understand that isn't in your back yard
China 'appoints its top military bio-warfare expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan' 
Today's whole world in a very dangerous situation due to the #Cronavirus It's very dangerous virus Born from non vegetarian food. We need to stop non vegetarian food and adopt the vegetarianism for live long and happiest life. #WhyMillionsAdoptVeg @Gurmeetramrahim 
China cracked down on the sale of exotic species after an outbreak of a new virus in 2002 was linked to markets selling live animals. The germ turned out to be a coronavirus that caused SARS. 
Very good article listing the possible economic impacts of the coronavirus. It quotes Yu Yongding as saying: “In the face of the deadly virus, all problems of debt, inflation and asset bubbles are secondary. China can worry about...  … via @financialtimes
That’s right! They talked about Sakura instead of corona virus ! Because they wanted to make Abe administration look bad, they don’t care about our lives. They are not Japanese so no wonder that they are not helping us.
Trump said it will kill the virus in April, so of course it’s true. And don’t forget about those April heat waves.  …
Thread by @ErkinSidick: Just got this info from our homeland today: One sister died with Coronavirus 3-4 days ago. There is Wuhan virus here (a prefecture city) also. A lot of people in this city have already been infected by the virus. 1/n @SecPompeo @Mike_Pence 
#COVID2019 leading indicators: new possible cases continue to fall, cases under observation turn significantly negative, infection rate ex Hubei almost zero, in Hubei falling fast. The virus is rapidly brought under control. I’m so sick of fear mongers. 
I pray that Corona virus doesn't really hit us coz with this mentality of our own people who are service providers we'll definitely die. I don't understand why are we so ignorant with our own people's problems? @Shipululo @ngurare The government needs a serious 
Passengers over 80 who tested negative for the virus are taken away in blacked out buses  their quarantine on land 
Based on  coronavirus is, & given humans have no immunity to it, it’s reasonable to expect 60% of the population to contract it within a year. Common flu has a 0.1% death rate. This virus has a rate of ~1-2%. Think about that. — #COVID19  …
Intake of non-Veg may contain the virus which cause dreadful diseases. #WhyMillionsAdoptVeg ? Inspiring from teachings of St @Gurmeetramrahim ji millions pledged to be veg. The pulses & soyabean have more protein content than meat. So, adopt veg instead of 
Perfect survey.... JNU is classic example of it. Once you enter in JNU and infected with this virus, you never think  out from JNU and work for self and society. Am i right @kanhaiyakumar @Shehla_Rashid? Please enlighten if you have. #Leftiest_Virus @vivekagnihotri
WHO: We shouldn't call it "Wuhan coronavirus" because this might encourage bias and prejudice Joe Blow American: Wait, what's Wuhan, I thought the virus came from China
Corona Virus outbreak makes all Asian Kids Gets Sorted into Ravenclaw This video talks about corona virus & racism in a hilarious way, using Hogwarts & Harry Potter as the analogy. Talks about  issue in a simple way. Smart! 
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Reinfection w/ coronavirus apparently possible, but:  … "[despite antibodies present @1 year later], this did not always prevent reinfection ... However, the period of virus shedding was shorter than before and none developed a cold"
#US #CA #SanDiego officials declared local & #publichealth emergency over #coronavirus #COVID19 San Diego: 2 confirmed cases -doesn't mean residents face increased risk of the virus. -county able to seek resources plus state & federal emergency funds  …
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
Latest on #COVID19 - China now has 66576 confirmed cases, with 11053 of those are patients with serious symptoms. 1524 have died from the virus infection and there are 8100 patients discharged from the hospital. 
Just so y'all know, I'm watching neked asses on a raft in the Pacific Ocean leaving China. Think I may have found ground zero for the Corona virus on Neked and Afraid. "I'll keep watching"
Now... I am on a shitton of theraflu for whatever non-corona virus thing I got going on. So, I likely won’t remember this thread in 2 hours. BUT... Barr has done this shit before. And I don’t think the guy is a creative genius. He’s just tainting & covering up. That what he do. 
WHY IS THE CORONA VIRUS LISTED ON THE LYSOL BOTTLE, CLAIMING LYSOL KILLS IT? A LYSOL LABEL WAS SHOWN ON A VIDEO A DAY OR SO AGO? AND IT WAS STATED BILL GATES OWNED THE PATENT ON IT. SEVERAL DAYS AGO A VIDEO CLAIMED SOMEONE IN A CANADIAN LAB SENT THE VIRUS TO WUHAN, CHINA?
Respectfully disagree, @ScottGottliebMD. The main purpose of extreme quarantine measures was rather to contain the virus’ spread to the rest of China, less of INSIDE Hubei. China claims success on that score w/ daily new cases ex-Hubei declining since 2/3  
BREAKING: China reports 2,641 new virus cases, a major drop from the higher numbers in recent days since a broader diagnostic method was implemented. The number of new deaths rose slightly to 143, bringing the total fatalities in mainland China to 1,523. 
China reports major drop in new virus cases; 143 new deaths  
China reports 139 more virus deaths in hard-hit province: AFP news agency. #coronavirus
Surgical masks offer little protection to virus particles but other masks can be more effective. The University of Alberta claims a breakthrough in developing a mask that can ‘deactivate’ virus particles Here's why face masks aren't the most effective:  
China added 2,641 additional #coronavirus cases, taking the total number of people affected to 66,492, the NHC said Saturday. As many as 1,523 people have died from the virus so far. 
Tokyo Olympic organizers and the International Olympic Committee say there is no “Plan B” for the 2020 Games, which have been jolted by the outbreak of a virus in neighboring China. by @stephenwadeap and 
AP: "Coates and Tokyo Olympic organizers took 11 questions at a news conference on Friday. All 11 were about the virus…Mori, Coates and CEO Toshiro Muto looked glum sitting at a head table taking essentially the same question over and over."  …
China has recorded 5,090 more cases of #WuhanCoronavirus, bringing the global total to 64,435. The death toll is at least 1,383, including 3 people outside mainland China. Over 1,700 medical workers in China infected by the virus, 6 have died. @foxnewsalert 
China Adds 2,641 Cases; Wuhan Tightens Quarantine: Virus Update  …
Influenza activity sharply increasing all over Germany. Not good: perfect camouflage environment for #COVI19 I really hope our officials will soon follw the US in adding a test for #COVID19 virus to our influenza surveillance. 
Indonesia is safe from Corona Virus? Think again  …
IMF Chief Says Virus May Warrant Coordinated Economic Action | BLOOMBERG The head of the IMF said global Central Banks and Governments may need to unite to fight the economic fallout from the coronavirus as banks lower growth forecasts.  …
President* Trump solutions to “Corona” virus: Let the April “HEAT” heat kill it Nuke it like a hurricane Cross it out with a President* Trump sharpie, aka “Trumpie” Put tariffs on Corona beer and win the trade war against the virus Very stable genius at work. 
I bet they get that carona virus cleared up before the Olympics tho
The regime does understand that arresting people reporting on the virus doesn’t stop the virus, right?
There's some pretty unsettling news in here. First, that so many medical workers have caught (though only six reported deaths), largely due to inadequate supplies. But now the virus has spread to Africa. Also China is disappearing critics:  …
HONG KONG: The 54th #coronavirus case of HK developed cough on February 3, but sought medical help just two days ago. That's 10 days of not knowing about carrying the virus, and 10 days of possible spreading.
The number of official new virus cases in Hubei province today (2420) is roughly half that of yesterday (4823) Under the old way of diagnosing cases (used until 2 days ago), the new case #would have been 1282, the lowest since January 30 Really?
The rapid spread of the #Coronavirus is taking a toll on the $46 billion global ocean #Cruise industry. The long-term impact of the virus on the industry is unclear and some analysts have cautioned investors against dumping cruise stocks.  …
Egypt confirms first case of new virus  … via @Yahoo
Friendly reminder to wash your hands and cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze or cough to reduce the spreading of germs!! Especially since someone in San Antonio was diagnosed with the Corona Virus! 
#BREAKING China reports 139 more virus deaths in hard-hit province 
US economics professor Khairy Tourk on corona virus: “There has been too much exaggeration of the negative effects of this epidemic... [China] is moving in the right direction in dealing with its crisis”  …
Put a smile on your face and determination to do good in your heart. Our circumstance is demanding. A virus is creeping in. Global warming is rushing in. Lunatics with power are busy messing with us: Trump, Xi, Putin, Duterte, Un. We need a change in character. The world does.
HAPPY B-DAY CALCULESTER! Is this the day he was created? The day the arcane virus meshed w/ the library PC? Who knows! But we thought it was cute his b-day was the day he came into the world, when 2nd Term released. Also he’s an Aquarius, just like his voice 
#WuhanCoronavirus #COVID19 Update: 1st #wuhan #Coronavirus case confirmed in Africa WHO Egypt said the person carries the #ncov2019 virus, but had not shown any symptoms Affected person was a foreigner who had been put into isolation in hospital  
Lack of free speech has cost lives in China's virus crisis-   …
Trump is the virus.
Instagram no longer allows users to track #coronavirus in real time like last week. It now gives this prompt for CDC. And users can no longer use the option for "most viewed" or "recent". If Zuckerberg manipulates data over a virus, imagine what he could do to elec--oh wait! 
“All of our efforts now are to prevent the sustained spread of the virus in  but we need to be prepared for the possibility that it will spread.” - @CDCgov 5 US labs to test people with flu-like symptoms for #coronavirus  …
They said they are not Africans so to us the virus has not reached Africa yet!
Health reminder lang for later, wear your masks  and bring alcohol (hindi yung iniinom namin ha!). As we all know the threat of the spreading corona virus can pose a threat para sa tin lahat. Cc: @astroboyisgay @DaleVillajuan #UPISKO #2019nC0V @upjbtofficial
Updates from my couch, where I've been all day long with a virus that decided to be my valentine: I started Miss Americana largely Taylor-supportive. Now, besmirch her name and I will fight you.
Your Love is the Virus I can't get rid of. -From: Virgo.
China 'appoints its top military bio-warfare expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan' 
If the African blood  has resistance to the virus, why did he contract it in the first place to even receive treatment that confirmed he's been cured
WATCH: Dr. Deena Hinshaw, Chief Medical Officer of Health, provides an update on the novel #coronavirus (also known as #COVID19). There are still no cases of the virus in Alberta and the risk to Albertans remains low. For more information, visit  
Virus in China matter? NOPE What matters is Apple isn't making $$$$$Apple pressuring China to get those workers busy, sick or not.  struggling to obey. It's their $too ya know. A Great Awakening in China  via @YouTube
oct 21st 2019 PCR results flagged for CORONAVIRUS but not SARS, RNA Virus 35kb multiplex PCR machine vaguely tripped #CORONAVIRUS threshold, level 4 infectious disease lab OCTOBER 21st 19  who was kicked out of canada around then? china lab 
Locust Pestilence and Virus Plague: Final Day Signs Ignored by Billions of Clueless Humans  …
Someone actually applauded for that? It’s official, I’m rooting for the Corona virus.
The first mass quarantine outside of China for the Wuhan coronavirus was reported in Vietnam on Thursday, with over 10,000 people living in  near Hanoi locked down for 20 days after six virus infections were discovered.  …
Dude shut up You couldnt find Cambodia on a map with it labeled. You dont care about this virus or people so save it  …
Not that I have ever been on one, because I would never, but I have read a number of news stories about virus outbreaks and also watched some Datelines
Christian Drosten said yesterday that patients of the Bavarian cluster tested positive one week longer than the actual isolation of the virus in the lab was possible. He concluded that they were probably no longer infectious. Nevertheless, they wait until pcr-tests return negativ
Corona Virus case recorded in Egypt. I am hopeful that this will not spread to other African Countries before a cure is found. I really hope.
Much like a virus, White supremacy has been injected into strands of western Christianity and corrupted the faith. This #BlackHistoryMonth, @Lisasharper and @om3 discuss the history of Orthodox African Christianity in Ethiopia. Tune 
China's military bio weapon expert 'take over virus lab in Wuhan'  … via @MailOnline Just find the cure, share the vaccine with the world! We can speculate later
More than 1,700 Chinese medical workers have been infected by the new virus that has killed nearly 1,400 people, according to a senior Chinese official. 
Who could have foreseen that not closing the borders would lead to the massive spread of the corona virus?
Before the #coronavirus spread throughout China, putting the freedom, health and wellbeing of millions of innocent people at risk, millions of innocent #Uighurs were already being imprisoned, tortured and killed because they had the "virus" of Islam.  …
Love is in the air, but so is the Corona virus. Wash your hands.
47/ More info about the type of virus that attack Palm Beach County’s election office in 2016. 
"If the universities are going to close [because of the virus], the camps should be closed." (2/2) 
"Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it necessitates trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions," writes TIME's 
Brought to you by the news publication that brought you articles about how the virus was "enabling racism"  …
White people: ‘Chinese people are filthy, unhygienic virus spreaders.’ Also white people:  touch my piss hands.’  …
8 flights were on lockdown at Heathrow 2 MP's under self isolation 2 Doctors catch the virus from surgery 100's of attendee's at London Conference exposed to the virus. A woman catches an uber and arrives at Lewisham Hospital suspected of corona virus. #CoronaVirusUK
2) ...However, for infected travelers “among low surveillance countries... [virus detection] is 11%”. Oy. #COVID19 #SARSCoV2
The coronavirus is taking its toll on the medical workers in China. Approx 1716 have been infected and at least 6 are known dead. The US is still holding firm at 15 confirmed cases. The World Health Organization is now in China lending support to help find a cure for the virus 
That's outright dangerous and should be prohibited. If that's silver nitrate solution they are selling, you can obtain that much cheaper elsewhere. Silver ions Ag+ are in fact anti-bacterial, but the Coronavirus is a VIRUS, and consequently immune to anti-bacterial agents.  …
China has rolled out more mea­sures on Friday to protect medical workers fighting the novel #coronavirus epidemic, as 1,716 medical staff had been infected by the virus and six killed as of the end of Tuesday.
When the Left goes full attack-mode on something (think @jordanbpeterson ) it's often a sign that it's something you should check out & maybe even share with friends & family. Case & point: @prageru The media & edu system is spreading a mind virus; @prageru is  …
Trump repeated the "theory" that the virus will die in April. His CDC director told CNN in an interview: "This virus is probably with us beyond this season, beyond this year, and I think eventually the virus will find a foothold and we will  transmission."
“This virus is probably with us beyond this year you can start to think of it like seasonal flu." -CDC director, Robert Redfield The flu is far less contagious and only kills .01% while the #Coronavirus kills 1-2% with 25% of the infected landing in the ICU. #COVID19  – at CDC Washington
Kills the Corona virus AND it smells good? Sign me up. 
Passengers over 80 who tested negative for the virus are taken away in blacked out buses  their quarantine on land 
The first cases of the new coronavirus(COVID-19) in the Arab world have been confirmed, signaling high alert across the region. While there is no vaccine to prevent infection yet, there are many things we can all do to decrease the spread of the virus through preventative actions 
GOLDMAN: “At this point we cannot rule out Chinese production shortfalls continuing into March ... Conceding two-sided uncertainty around this impact, .. we are boosting our estimate of the Q1 virus drag on GDP growth to 0.5-0.6pp (from 0.4-0.5pp previously).” 
"A lot of people have maybe not even heard of Wuhan, and because the virus originated there, they have this conception that it’s a dirty, backwater place. But Wuhan is awesome ... It’s an important city; it’s not nowhere."  …
Scientists discover largest bacteria-eating virus. It blurs line between living and nonliving.  
Look at the pretty virus! Folks, this is just one of 'em. It's the big human to human, but not the deadiest. I hate to say this, but stay tuned, get your popcorn, the curtain is soon to be raised.. 
“This new virus represents an unprecedented public health threat,” Dr. Nancy Messonnier, of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said in a news briefing today. These are the sum total of Presidential tweets on the topic. 
The lady from the WHO claims that misinformation is as bad as catching the virus - - not sure she’s telling the truth there #coronavirus
"..effort to contain the virus, visits, phone calls  operations are temporarily suspended.." A Prison, on lockdown amid outbreak of flu-like symptoms #coronavirus #covid19  …
Sounds like Link uncovered a cover up. “She contacted FBI in Nov after a veteran IT employee told her that the office had been infected by a ransomware virus only a few weeks before the 2016 election. The virus was not publicly disclosed in 2016.” Looking at you PA, MI, & WI. 
So we can stop flying because we fear dying from a virus, but we can't stop flying because we fear dying and killing others from #ClimateChange and #GlobalWarming... Cc @flyingless  …
1/As the #opioidcrisis grew, so did #HCV infections, including among pregnant women. Babies exposed to HCV need tested to see if they get the virus ... so are we testing them? In a new paper out today in @AAPJournals we found the unfortunate answer no.  
HUGE. “The revelation that the office had been infected by a virus — and that no one was told about it for 3 years — is raising alarms in a state heavily targeted in 2016 by Russian hackers.” Voter roll/tally changes weren’t part of CI & WERE NEVER INVESTIGATED by Congress.  …
Shenzhen, China  referred to as the "vaping capital of the world," but its factories remain closed amid the coronavirus virus outbreak. 
Share love, not the virus. This valentine's Day celebration is for love not to engage in risky behaviours that can put you and your loved ones at risk of contracting Sexually Transmitted Infection (diseases). #LoveWisely #HIVFreeVal #SaferCondomIsFun #KnowYourHIVStatus 
Virus renews safety concerns about slaughtering wild animals  
I has just got home for the evening from the #Vets who says I has a virus and it’s causing a very bad mess and making my tummy bleed in my poops. The good news is I’ve not done that in a while so I can keep my  tonight, bad news I’m back tomorrow at the vets. 
If we can't call Joshua Wong a district councillor, can we call him a Hong Kong originated virus.
I would lay in the grass and let the zombot virus consume me for you, Valentine. 
My Format- VIRUS #reboot #rebootcosplay #katsucon2020 
Due to professional grade skiving in Tennessee & Arkansas, flying home with a nasty virus & relentless Atlantic storms, #February2020 has been unproductive. But we've finally fixed that with this juicy shot of Buachaille Etive Mòr from the Devil's Staircase. #Glencoe 
I wanna order blonde hair on AliExpress. Due to the corona virus outbreak, apparently deliveries are taking longer. Have you guys experienced this?
Brilliant Cockney geezer on BBC London news says he's not worried about Corona virus because "come the summer the heat will kill it off".
Like  virus, Barr destroys The Dept Of Justice and The Rule of Law. Barr Installs Outside Prosecutor to Review Case Against Michael Flynn, Ex-Trump Adviser He finds politically sensitive cases and sends teams of microbes to infect all of DOJ.  …
How Will They Be Punished Them Will The Authorities Give Them The Virus ? Coronavirus: Everyone returning to Beijing must 'self-isolate or be punished'  
Now they're saying Corono-virus is like the flu and like HIV .... No one can convince me this is not an engineered weaponized virus.
Good news everyone!! After consulting one of my favorite virus experts I’ve been told that I have nothing to worry about on the Coranavirus front!! Thank you @mikko for the scan! 
Happy #ValentinesDay corona virus style.. 
Please help to write an email to the organizer of #WorldFigure. We would like to remind the importance of measures for preventing the outbreak of CoVID-19 (Wuhan Virus). Read Stella's post to learn more. #COVID19 #Montreal2020 #ISU @SkateCanada  …
Some of the worst viral disease outbreaks in recent years – SARS, Ebola and likely #coronavirus – originated in bats. As scientists try to slow the virus, a new study has proposed an answer to why diseases that originate in bats are so deadly. 
Health officials in China say 1,716 medical workers have contracted the novel coronavirus so far, including six who have died of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. 
Let’s just imagine a covid-19 vaccination is found and the virus goes pandemic (as may well be likely). How many antivaxers will stand firm against the vaccine?
Communism and freedom of information flow.. In Commie CA we were fighting to Recall Gavin Newsom — NO MAJOR OUTLETS WOULD REPORT NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES WE REACHED OUT.  activism, THE PEOPLE NEED FREEDOM OF INFORMATION!  …
COVID-19 ( new corona virus ) is forcing people- 1. Not to do handshake ( Namaskar allowed) 2. Not to eat meat ( Veg allowed) 3. Not to burry their dead ( burning The dead allowed) COVID -19 is Not ‘Secular ‘ & It’s Against Minorities #Logic in #अंधेरनगरी
Buying time matters in order to get supplies, test treatments, progress on vaccine development, and learn from the experiences of those who are currently battling this virus. This may include travel restrictons and efforts to make sure returnees don't transmit
"This virus... concerns me the most of everything I've worked on." A scientist at the forefront of researching the coronavirus says it could "potentially" spread to 60% of the population. Watch our special programme at 7.30 on 4 with @mattfrei - Coronavirus: 
2) For the 40%-70% virus infection prediction of #SARSCoV2, here is the longer explanation. It’s not a certainty, but there is a good  …
The world championships  but due to the recent infectious disease the Wuhan virus（CoVID-19）, I am concern about what safety precautions will skate Canada take. Recently I have been to 4CC in Seoul and these are the safety precautions they took: (continues  
Tfue tryna stay away from the Corinna virus
“tech journalism” in 2020 is downplaying a lethal virus you yourself FIVE MONTHS AGO warned us could  because... you see an opportunity to make fun of a few VCs you hate on twitter 
"Love is heavy and light, bright and dark, hot and cold, sick and healthy, asleep and awake. It's everything except what it is!" -William Shakespeare (1595) "Love is a virus" - Çağlar Ertuğrul (2020)
What!? “Corona Virus may have been started in a weapons lab” #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Mayor of Markham in Canada extends his best wishes to the people of Wuhan, showing support for the sister city's anti-virus battle. 
To anyone who’s ordered joggers: there has been a delay in  & shipping due to the virus going around. We will have a statement shortly, but we are making something for everyone who’s ordered joggers or offering a full refund to anyone who wishes not to wait.
Coronavirus’s genetic lineage offers clues about the virus’s spread.  …
Each cell phone represents a dead #coronaviruschina victim. May god bless their souls. Those phones are cursed and only belong to the Victims of Chinese Communist Memorial Museum one day. I can see the light at the end of this drop dead virus tunnel!  …
The virus has been ruining my plans for the past few weeks but hey.. It’s Valentine’s Day and we are making the most of it @WaterLynnn Happy Valentine’s 
This is #CSforGood! "The site provides near-real-time information about the spread of the virus, including infection and mortality rates, recovery rates and locations by country, with links to the latest news and additional information." 
“Now the virus that we are talking about having to do, you know, lotta people think that goes away in April, with the heat.” - DJT 
Love aint in the air but the corona virus is
Good morning friends! I wanted to tell everyone here that the #Coronavius is at least 10 times more dangerous than any virus in human history. It has already spread worldwide and will infect everywhere soon. It’s just a matter of time before it  to your area. 
EGYPT REPORTS FIRST CORONA VIRUS CASE: MENA 
Uber driver at 3 in the morning while we're stuck on a bridge: What do you do? Me: I study viruses UD: What is a virus? Are they alive? Me: Hoooooooo boy, ok lemme tell you about the origins of life and the criteria for living things
Scientists have detected Marburg virus in fruit bats in Sierra Leone, marking the first time the virus has been found in West Africa @ucdavis  …
Confirmed case of the #virus - had flu-like symptoms while in #Hawaii. Now hospitalized with pneumonia in Aichi Province, Japan per  …
The Eyes of Darkness, a 1981 thriller by Dean Koontz, tells of a Chinese military lab that creates a virus as part of its biological weapons programme. The lab is located in Wuhan, which lends the virus its name, Wuhan-400. A coincidence or a case of writer as unwitting prophet?
A virus called Wuhan-400 makes people terribly ill … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events? The Eyes of Darkness features a Chinese military lab in Wuhan that creates a virus as a bioweapon  …
@WHO has 3 issues: it plays politics w/ lives ofpopulation 42 cover up drop dead virus. Its denial of membership violates 24Mers's human rights 2 prevent deadly virus epidemic. Its own expert Ira Longini warns 2/3 ofcould catch #coronaviruschina.   …
of course he's speaking about himself since he is a virus  …
If we can’t name it as Wuhan Virus, here is my understanding on COVID-19: C hina O riginated V irus I n D ecember 19
Kerala Corona virus update: 130 people removed from the list of home quarantine. 2288 people under observation across the state. 2272 on in-home quarantine.408 samples sent for testing, 379 results negative; Condition of 16 people monitored in hospitals is stable
Fact 1. Never ever you will see a contagious and as deadly virus as SARS or Corona originating from India even though India is as densely populated as China and any form of contagious infection spread will be very hard to control, even today.
Keep some powder dry! Magnitude n duration of disruption due to Corona virus still uncertain. Debt (shorter end) still decent Agrochemicals,niche pharma n consumption plays can b looked  via The Economic Times App(Download Now): 
Yesterday, I was briefed by White House officials on their efforts to contain the Coronavirus outbreak. As Ranking Member of @HSGAC, I’m working closely with public health and security experts to prevent this deadly virus from spreading to the U.S. and keep Americans safe.
roses are red here are some iris soon we'll all die from a drug resistant virus
The Rules of Contagion — a study of how a virus spreads 
Chinese at it again: Corrected death toll in Corona virus by Reducing it by 108--over period they will bring it to Sibal-- Shameless dictators and benign world media/ldrs--My hunch is it will impact Chinese Economy very very badly:) RT
Wow!!! Concerned About The Corona virus, Catholic Bishop suspends all public Masses and services.....  …
1st 2 Chinese people/ #coronaviruschina victim families. 's drop dead virus coverup has already killed more Chinese people (1,383) than the 2002-2003 #SARS epidemic (813). But no1 believesofficial death toll. Those cell phones are from 1 Wuhan crematory. Ultimately 2 God (天).  
I believe anyone that gets corona virus cure China will give him $1Billion sef  …
Cruise stranded by virus fears ends with roses in Cambodia  
Virus death toll nears 1,400 in China, with 5,090 new cases  …
Spending time with u is so precious and I love every minute that we are together .... #HappyValentinesDay #headerUpdated
The World Health Organization has told Olympic organizers that there is no need to consider changing plans for the Games in Tokyo this summer because of the virus outbreak, the IOC said 
CUTS 50% MONEY FROM WORLD HEALTH ORG TO FIGHT #CORONAVIRUS HAS ZERO MONEY IN BUDGET TO FIGHT THE VIRUS NOW, 'INFECTIOUS DISEASE EXPERT' & MR. KNOW-IT-ALL SAYS: HEAT WILL KILL THE CORONAVIRUS SO "WE'RE GREAT" WE GOT THE SUN ON OUR SIDE NOT CHINA'S. 
Passengers over 80 who tested negative for the virus are taken away in blacked out buses  their quarantine on land 
how much you wanna bet they spraying the virus out of those boys  …
not to virtue signal too much but the way people treat asian people with "better safe than sorry" wrt to the virus totally uneducated on how transmission actually works is exactly how people treat people with HIV
Let me understand this. This dummy came up with a liquid in about a week that kills a virus that's scientists all over the world are still trying to figure out how to kill??  …
With Kenya being one of the top 13 priority countries in Africa to enhance #coronavirus preparedness, two new testing facilities better position the country to tackle the virus.  …
With Brighton at the epicentre of the UK's Coronavirus cases @mattfrei follows those battling the virus on the front line - from medical professionals to the scientists desperately working to find a vaccine. Coronavirus : #IsBritainReady - tonight 7.30pm on 
In perspective: best available data suggest this virus is ~2x as transmissible as flu and ~10-20x as deadly. Community transmission could be extremely dangerous. @CGDev and expert colleagues propose priority measures  …
I’d be so much less concerned about the spread of a super virus if we lived in a country where even 10% of bars, restaurants or service stations had soap and hot water in them. Just for the 5% of men who chose to wash their hands anyway.
"Today hundreds of passengers are disembarking and are en route to their home countries. 20 passengers who reported signs of illness have tested negative for the #COVID19 virus. I hope that other countries will follow #Cambodia’s lead"- @DrTedros from  …
The most powerful governments on earth can’t stop a virus from spreading... But they can change our planet’s temperature if you pay more taxes. 
EXO has NO schedules planned as a group. The one we were supposed to have was cancelled (due to the virus) so can we please ask for more for EXO? Let's be proactive and DO something for EXO, please. #EXOatSBSSuperConcert @weareoneEXO @SMTOWNGLOBAL 
"Particular attention will be paid to understanding the transmission of the virus, the severity of disease & the impact of ongoing response measures"- @DrTedros from #DRC
My little one & I have been down and out with a virus for a while. I’ve felt low about not keeping up. Out of nowhere, a mentor sent an exquisitely detailed letter on a recent piece. Academia’s structurally indefensible but there are some beautiful beautiful people in this game.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Sponsors Zika Legislation In 2016. Guess who Grants For Zika? Gates Foundation Bharat BioTech of India Who holds the patent? Rockefeller Foundation Geniti modified mosquito's was the possible cause of the virus! If you said … Bio Bill? 
Well, this would be amazing. Antibodies from the plasma of recovered patients can kill the virus, but early days. Six frontline health workers have died in China - these are heroes who deserve our love and respect.  …
Reuters: Those who refuse to quarantine themselves or follow the official rules on virus containment will be punished, the newspaper said.
As if Cow Virus was not enough, Indian Economy now gets Corona Virus.  …
This one is beautiful! On the streets of Florence, Italy, a #Wuhan student studying abroad stood with his eyes closed, and the card next to him said: "I'm not a #virus, I'm human.. Don't discriminate against us ..." See how people respond ! 
There is no doubt Islam is attempting 2 overthrow America by attrition Interjecting culturally destabilizing factors into  This Invasion Is a Cultural Virus, a Cancer, Destroying Whatever Civilization it Encounters And Replacing it With the Barbarism of Sharia. 
Inside peek of a virology lab testing the new #SARSCoV2 virus .  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
So, put his elixir to the test: expose him to the virus so that he catches it; then, administer his miracle drug to him and observe the results. Anyone want to wager that he’d do it? Uh huh. Right. #Charlatan #SnakeOilSalesman
Why hasn’t Corona virus hit Africa or Sourh America?
Drinking bleach will also kill the virus and it's a lot cheaper. Once a thief, always a thief. Jim should go back to jail. 
China 'appoints its top military bio-warfare expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan', 
Do you know how COVID-19 spreads? Dr Ahmad Faizal Perdaus explains the consensus and contentions over the transmission of the virus on #ConsiderThis For more of the interview, visit  
This is what it's like to catch the coronavirus. This 21-year-old student in Wuhan who was diagnosed with the virus shares his journey. Full story on @business  
Shocking 1,716 Chinese medical staff infected with the deadly virus #coronavirus  …
#Chinese are claiming cause of death in most #coronavirus cases is FUNGAL INFECTION IN LUNGS! Translation: virus may be causing some sort of auto immune deficiency. (This is what kills HIV patients, the AutoImmune Deficiency aka AIDS)  …
you’re the only virus i see here  …
Chinese famous food that spread disease all around the world ! Fake food, corrupt food, infected food, unbearable stink, unhealthy materials, mixed with all bad things! #food #chinesefood #virus #chinavirus #WuhanVirus #coronovirues #uighurnews #chinanews 
Rumors are worse than the virus itself.  …
Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack 
Kang Daniel: Told Danity to wash their hands often with soap for more than 30 seconds to prevent from corona virus Danity: Wash their hands & spread awareness by providing free hand sanitizer for everyone to use Our role model in good deeds @danielk_konnect cr. pict 
Roses are red This virus is new But I'll take my mask off If you will too #GlobalHealthValentines #HealthPolicyValentines #COVID19
Please suggest a good anti-virus for Windows 10 machine
Exchanging gifts on Valentine's day can also spread Corona virus .You are advised to ignore the Valentine's days till further notice.
My favorite #cellfie for #ValentinesDay and #FluorescenceFriday *cyber hug to all my e-friends* Virus-infected cardiac fibroblasts, = microtubules = mitochondria = nuclei = viral replication sites 
China said more than 1,700 medical workers had contracted the virus as of Feb. 11. The death toll in the country stood at 1,380 after adjustments for double-counting, and total cases topped 63,000 
The "kibr and Riyah virus" is more dangerous than any virus. Once it penetrates your heart, your good deeds (with show off niyah) will all die. Hypocrisy will play all along w/ your life. The worst is, Allah will not be pleased with you. اعوذ بالله من ذالك..
In virus-stricken China, couples can celebrate Valentine's Day with a roast beef salad, hot chocolate, a rose and a note, all delivered to their door. The note states the body temperature of the chef who made it. 
Are those symptoms caused by plum pox virus? #Valitest contributes to the improvement of #PPV diagnostics. How? Check our website !  
Don't forget, it's Valentine's day. Spread the love like a Corona virus. 
If I catch the Corona virus I will simply get better
“Link told The Post that she ‘called the state, they didn't know about it. FBI didn't know about it. Homeland (Security) didn't know about it.’ According to the Tampa Bay Times, the office was infected with a type of ransomware known as a zepto virus.” 12/
Does the impeached occupant know what date in April the Coronavirus will magically go away and does this mean the infectious people will suddenly be clean of the virus?
The coronavirus patient in London showed up at the hospital in an Uber, and health officials say it's a sign people aren't following advice to contain the virus  …
The gov has posted malware attributed to North Korea on Virus Total and this is how they’re announcing it.  …
a girl from my uni was punched by a man and was told not to “go outside Asian virus b*tch.” She did nothing. She was walking. This is so so upsetting, This was a HATE CRIME. I’m tweeting this because this shit is real life, people can b so ignorant about this
Indonesian: Get me a glass of water. Corona: I'm corona virus. Indonesian: Ok corona virus get me a glass of water.  …
A Chinese health official says more than 1,700 medical workers have been infected by the new virus and six have died. China also is reporting another sizable rise in the total number of people sickened by the virus, which has killed nearly 1,400 people. 
Please do. I can't believe it.. "Misinformation and racism is more dangerous than any virus." Tell that to the Chinese.
CDC Contradicts Trump: Coronavirus Won’t Just Go Away By April — ‘We Don’t Know A Lot About This Virus’  …
China lives in our hearts. We will not leave you in difficult times. The Corona virus can't beat the strong people of China. We fought against it until the last breath. @zlj517 @AmbLINSongtian @China_Panama @CPEC_CSCEC @li_xiaosi @WangXianfeng8 @WangJianPaco 
Çağlar proves that love is a virus happy virus Valentines Day everyone #AfiliAşk #AyKer #ÇağlarErtuğrul  …
The patient under quarantine for Corona Virus infection in ATH ABBOTTABAD tested NEGATIVE from NIH ISLAMABAD. #coronavirusu 
#coronavirus #PrayForChina #HongKong #Phillipines Approximately 6,700 have recovered but there are still 63,000 confirmed cases of the virus in China. This epidemic isn’t affecting targeted people, children, women and men are.dying.
My girls #xvg #kicks just delivered! How is that for a #Valentine2020 gift! A beautifull woman spreading the $xvg virus on the streets of the Netherlands now! 
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Roses are red. Violets are not. Yes, it’s still a virus. Despite the green snot. #MedTwitterValentines #HealthPolicyValentines
I spoke to the Master Virus Hunter in quarantine after his return from #Wuhan here’s everything you need to know about #coronavirusus @AftertheBell 
Learn everything you need to know about the virus that originated in Wuhan, China, including what a #coronavirus is, how you can protect yourself, the truth behind some of the most prevalent rumors, and much more. #FridayThoughts  …
CUTS 50% MONEY FROM WORLD HEALTH ORG TO FIGHT #CORONAVIRUS HAS ZERO MONEY IN BUDGET TO FIGHT THE VIRUS NOW, 'INFECTIOUS DISEASE EXPERT' & MR. KNOW-IT-ALL SAYS: HEAT WILL KILL THE CORONAVIRUS SO "WE'RE GREAT" WE GOT THE SUN ON OUR SIDE NOT CHINA'S.  02
Prime Minister @narendramodi issued appreciation  the  of the @airindiain team involved in the evacuation process. The evacuation was done to help the stranded Indians in Wuhan which is the epicentre of the Novel Corona Virus Flu.
Catholic Church on Singapore cancels all masses. Hopefully Muslims will follow the example to close mosques till virus is dealt with, for the safety of their congregation.
Health officials in China say 1,716 medical workers have contracted the novel coronavirus so far, including six who have died of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. 
Science behind the virus: How long will it take to develop a #COVID19 vaccine?  
Did the Q team remove a harmful pandemic type virus worldwide? For 20 minutes on Nov. 11, 2018, strange seismic waves reverberated around the Earth for nearly 11,000 miles  …
Another type of virus! The U.S. Department of Education announced Wednesday that it is launching an investigation into Harvard and Yale after they failed to disclose about $375 million in gifts and contracts from China and Saudi Arabia in the past 4 years.  …
There is a cleavage site in the spike glycoprotein of the SARS-CoV-2 for furin proteases. The closest virus from a bat does not. Read about the implications, at virology blog  #SARSCoV2 
London: CORONA VIRUS DISCOVERED IN LONDON Paramedics in hazmat suits march man out of flat in Paddington after telling bystanders 'we have a confirmed case'. Panic set in when woman became first confirmed patient in the capital. 
This is Manuel Vela, a football coach who works at Wuhan Three Towns FC He lives in the ground zero of the coronavirus but seems to have his priorities straight Jokes aside, from #RealBetis we want to send our solidarity to the people affected by this terrible virus 
Among #AP10ThingstoKnow: — Post-impeachment, House Democrats sharpen focus on Barr; — Virus death toll nears 1,400 in China, with 5,090 new cases; — Bregman and Astros discuss sign stealing. 
If anyone starts manifesting the symptoms of Corona Virus, please act quickly and report immediately to your local conservative club, or failing that, the Houses of Patliament, Westminster.
In order to get back to Beijing this week I had to go through Thailand, and I decided to spend three days there before returning. While there I was surprised at how unprepared they seemed for a sudden spread of the virus.  … via @scmpnews
China 'appoints military bio weapon expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan' 
The denial of CDC's entry to China and General-Secretary Xi's dilemma in Wuhan virus. 
Of particular and profound concern are the massive miscalculations that have been made: first, regarding the uprising in Hong Kong; Viral Alarm: #COVID19  I am sure Xi sees Hong Kong and Taiwan like a virus  
#COVID19 Heads of diplomatic missions in China send messages of solidarity & confidence. With you by our side, we are not alone in this fight. Together, we will defeat the virus! 
China disclosed on Friday that 1,716 medical workers have contracted the virus and 6 of them have died. The announcement was the first official confirmation about the number of infected medical workers. 
Daily Briefing: Virus victim count rises - and so do global stocks 
The fictional novel tells the story of a Chinese military lab that creates a new virus to potentially use as a biological weapon during wartime. The lab is ironically located in Wuhan, China and the made-up virus is called Wuhan-400.  …
Goldenness! Please reply this hashtag #울림_하이터치회_취소해 under this tweet! We need to make woollim cancel Golden Child's event at Japan next month! With this corona virus, it's really not responsible to hold an event overseas! Please Goldenness, for the sake of our boys  …
Coronavirus latest: Scientists clash over virus name  …
The factory that produced the lightstick has been suspended due to the virus.... therefore no additional sale of the lightstick until further information kq apologises
the lightstick won't get restocked for awhile because the factory making it is now temporarily suspended due to the virus omg what the
This Wuhan University Scholarship is a big opportunity for those who are wise: 1.  pool will be lighter because many will see Wuhan and bail. 2. It doesn’t make it easier for you but your chances are higher. 3. The virus will likely be contained before you depart  …
Unexpected ending: Valentine story on LIHKG starts with a guy, who instead of buying Supreme, Gucci or iPhone, made a matcha chocolate in the shape of a virus to impress his girlfriend. She disappeared, never to be heard from again. So instead.... 
Our latest funding call to develop and manufacture proven vaccine technology for use against the virus closes TODAY 14 FEB 15.00CET More details and how to apply  …
It might be good to take a step back to see where some of the controversy is about the #SARSCoV2 virus. The section in the box has never been seen before in any #coronavirus and  of several bat species. Bc this didn’t occur naturally, it’s thought to be made in a 
Power down: China energy demand falls as virus hits factories  
Genetic mapping of coronavirus shows it is related to bat coronavirus seen in 2013, but diverged  ancestor virus between 20 & 70 years ago So where did the virus go before jumping to humans- or was it genome just altered rapidly by covert gov't?  …
The Corona virus outbreak shd remind us that outbreaks are preventable and manageable. See  of the IVTF. Strong Clinical Research Capacity in At-Risk Countries Key to Global Epidemic Prevention  … via @WorldBank
you say corona virus we say cheese touch you say brother we say bubby you like one direction? sorry we only listen to real music you say bad words we say ploopy you say LOL we say zoo wee mama
I had #mumps during my 2nd year at @UniofExeter, 8 years ago. I was out from my studies for about 2 months & can remember crying every day for weeks due to the pain. I had had the MMR vaccine, but perhaps if more people had it, this virus woulnd't have spread like it did.  …
From "mandatorily quarantine themselves " to "self -isolate themselves " interesting ! . I dont think Corona virus should be handled casually like this,who is monitoring the self-isolate measure?  …
It seems somewhat unbelievable that medical staff wouldn't have access to masks. Perhaps the bigger question is: Maybe masks are actually not offering the protection against the virus that they are advertised to do. In which case containment is an illusion?  …
Don't worry, Colin. The bad thing that just happened to you never really happened. It was all just #ProjectFear. Maybe you picked up a dose of Remoaner Virus from some traitor in the queue. 
The only way to avoid the #CoronaVirus is  to the shelter of #WorldSavior_SaintRampalJi, do devotion in devotion, always be happy that you will not have any disease in the future because it is absolute God. - No meat No corona virus China Good Job.. 
Alhamdulillah Chinese Doctors Confirmed African Blood Genetic Composition Resist Coronavirus After Student Cured. Senou is a young Cameroonian student in China recently infected with Coronavirus he was released from hospital this morning cured of the virus. 
"Why is Meghan Markle's jet setting lifestyle spreading a deadly child killing virus?" - Daily Mail
PSA !!!! If you see League of Legends anywhere online, DO NOT download it !!!! it will install a virus called League of Legends to your pc and if you run it, it will launch League of Legends
The Human Papilloma Virus causes 1 in 20 cancers worldwide. The HPV vaccine is safe and effective in preventing cancer. Get the facts!  #VaccinesWork
BBC Scotland news trumpets loudly yesterday. "A massive increase in numbers tested for the deadly Corona virus in Scotland" Then whispers the conclusion "all negative". Gutted.
#COVID19 UPDATE (Feb. 14): This is a good news for the Philippines! Majority of the PUIs are now discharged after they tested negative from the virus. However, the global count continues to increase and is expected to breach 65,000 today. 
China's tough choices — contain the #COVID19 virus or support the economy?  
Bukan soal virusnya, tapi bagaimana kita menyikapi. Its virus and we know that, but did you know that you will infected just by Sneezing. What can we do, simple... Keep your sneez closed by your hand. It just prevention not Corona exist in Indo #CoronaDiantaraKita 
there's another virus going around it's called feelings don't catch that shit, it makes you stay up late till 3 am sitting alone and doubting yourself in every fucking possible way
Indian judiciary will have to  overhauled after the Hindutva virus is contained. It has  a sick joke and unfit to upheld justice.  …
It's incredible to see hate speech under this thread against the people who are suffering in Wuhan. Just want to make it clear that the Wang brothers caught the virus after a high speed train ride to a nearby city in Hubei on Jan. 21. They did not eat bat soups or pangolins.
PRC thinks it can pressure Australia into ending travel ban while virus continues to spread  …
NEWSFLASH: Portsmouth is in total quarantine. This has nothing to do with Corona virus. It's because it's  and utter shithole. 
Very excited that my first paper from my PhD has just been published in @PLOSNTDs! Rabies virus-neutralising antibodies in healthy, unvaccinated individuals: What do they mean for rabies epidemiology?  …
Another exhibit of why I love my @StearsBusiness lads! @ChineEzeks and I were just talking about how corona virus crippling operations in China will affect the rest of the world, then I get stears' email showing an example of how it's already affecting Nigerian businesses. 
Something Wicked This Way Comes... the government the lab the virus the bats the ravens the rats the lies the dead the epidemic the pandemic the panic the chaos the government the lab the virus the bats the ravens the rats the lies the dead the epidemic the pandemic the panic...  …
For Total Defence Day this year, new superheroes – The Soaper 5 – landed in schools to help us fight COVID-19. They gathered some friends to show you how to beat the virus. Try out their moves! #Soaper5 #SGUnited 
But CCP officers have enough resources to protect themselves from the deadly virus. 
William S. Burroughs held a strange belief that language is a virus from outer space. He claimed it acts like a parasite that invades the central nervous system, damaging our ability to remain silent. Interestingly enough, anthropologists do not know where  from. 
Cathay Pacific turns to old playbook for virus crisis amid employee resistance  
YG cancelling fansigns and concerts left and right, i’m worried for W’s  album. Will they even get to properly promote it with this damn virus going around?
It is  hoax that china sought to kill its citizen to contain virus. Completely false new.  … #PakStandWithChina @AounSahi @CathayPak @SaboohSyed @WangXianfeng8 @zlj517
The Moment when you see a beautiful drawing by Albrecht Dürer & realising that you are starting to behave a bit neurotic developing a „need“ of washing your hands more often since Corona Virus #COVID2019 outbreak almost not seeing the amazing #art 
China reported 121 more deaths from the #COVID19 virus. The nationwide death toll is now close to 1,400. Read the latest:  | 
BREAKING The World Health Organisation release the reasons for choosing COVID-19, it stands for; Chinese Ominous Virus of Impending Doom 19 was the menu number for the Bat Soup More soon
“The corona virus was identified in Hubei province in December, but almost no precautions were put in place initially. In the past week or so there have been apologies from top local officials for the slow reaction.”  …
Health officials in China say 1,716 medical workers have contracted the novel coronavirus so far, including six who have died of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. 
Epigenetic specifications of host chromosome docking sites for latent Epstein-Barr virus #Epigenetic #EpsteinBarrVirus  …
Driverless cars & 'contactless deliveries' have sprung into action as the Chinese retail trade tries to cope with the effects of the coronavirus. A 20% downturn in the wine industry is predicted & Q1 written off. @JZWinepeek on the effects of the virus.  
major news outlet from Shanghai East Day + LandMark + Bilibili United project in support of Virus Prevention PSA featuring Wang Yibo at CBD Changsha, Capital city of Hunan. “Wear Mask, wash hands, no crowds, Believe doctors, no panic, ventilation Wang Yibo Speak For Love” 
if eating at Gelap Nyawang doesnt kill us then no virus can  …
The safety of our passengers and employees is our top priority. After a thorough evaluation of all currently available information on the Corona Virus, we have decided to suspend our flights to and from China until the end of the winter flight schedule on 28 March 2020. 
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” This citizen journalist was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More @business:  
China's Hubei province have recorded over 4,800 more cases of the novel coronavirus, under its new broader definition, bringing the global total to more than 65,000. The death toll from the virus has now risen to at least 1,486. Follow the latest updates: 
See wetin NTA dey waste time on this morning. There’s the Bayelsa Issue, there’s insurgency/security issues, there’s even corona Virus. But no we think Marlians are the biggest problem now. 
‘it’s a big shame but let’s have fun to the point our throats rip (from screaming etc) on a much better day!!!!! i’ll make it twice as hot!!! i really miss you all..’ (his seoul concerts are postponed due to the virus) 
They are lying to us.They have made losses since the outbreak of corona virus.Since Africa is there central region of investment, they are using that stereotype to lure us into this Virus
I want to congratulate @FredMatiangi and Mr. Francis Atwoli  out strong to defend Kenyan workers. This are criminals who should go back and suffer Corona Virus #BabuOwino 
Worried about a potential lethal virus killing millions? Worried about the health of your loved ones? Want to do something positive to help stop spread of a killer virus? GET THE MMR THEN! Safe and effective against diseases which could kill far more than Coronavirus.
blinks send the truck with demands and get a empty promise -> other fandoms mock it but use the same method blinks ask to delay events for the safety of the pinks against the virus -> yge delays/cancel all events BUT the pinks’ one so much for  “favorite”
Just when CoronaVirus is trending and airborne, harmattan decided  back. Don't you think it's scary cos people contract cold, cough and catarrh easily this dusty period and the virus symptoms relates? 
Two citizen journalists who posted videos on Wuhan virus have disappeared — I remember sharing one of his videos of corpses loaded in a van. Hope he is safe and found soon.  …
It sure seems funny to me that bill gates owns a patent on Corona virus and yesterday a lab in California says it has a vaccine they developed within hours of getting a sample of the virus and who is thier biggest backer? Yes ,bill gates. Imagine that!
Prevention is better than cure. An awareness program about corona virus organised @CISF Unit VSTPP Vindhyanagar. 
Annnouncement!!!!!!! at #MensConference2020 Breaking Chinese doctors confirmed that African blood  resist Corona Virus VIVA!!!!!!???
AFP graphic on the global spread of the #coronavirus COVID-19. China virus death toll nears 1,400 with 64,000 infected. 
Battling fear and separation on virus 'dirty team'. After gruelling shifts treating #coronavirus patients, Hong Kong doctor Alfred Wong often finds himself alone in a hotel room eating takeaway, battling the pain of being separated from his pregnant wife  
JUST IN: The virus has spread to Hainan island with a sudden eruption of Coronavirus cases.-Reuters
Can anything stop Liverpool winnng the Premier League!? Man City World War lll Corona virus Space: We got this...  …
Breaking Chinese doctors confirmed that African blood  resist Corona Virus
The doctor who spares no criticism at the government’s poor handling of the epidemic is also the doctor who risks his own life and family to fight the virus. Photo by Fong Ka-yuen and Video by Ayaka McGill of @AFP  …
Thanks to open data sharing by the National Public Health Laboratory, Nepal, and the University of Hong Kong, we've updated  with a #nCoV2019 / #COVID19 virus collected from Kathmandu on Jan 13. It appears to be another direct export from Wuhan. 
Breaking - #China's National Health Commission announced that at least 1716 medical staff have contracted #SARSCoV2 and 6 have been killed by the virus.  …
- Lagos church declares Marlian spirit a brand new virus, holds deliverance session for millions. 
Foreign-funded enterprises in China resume operation with measures preventing virus transmission  
VIRUS CAUSES 322 VIETNAM COMPANIES TO STOP OPERATIONS: VTC NEWS
Honda to postpone restart of Wuhan factories by a week over virus  …
Singapore mega-church takes services online after virus cases jump  For the latest developments around the new #coronavirus outbreak, follow our liveblog:  
Translate this, it may save your life someday if the virus hits us like it has China.  …
The test doesn’t test for the HIV virus itself, it tests for “HIV antibodies” which is a substance released by your body in response to an HIV infection, and can be found even in your saliva. The virus itself is NOT present in saliva so it cant be transmitted that way  …
I still can't help but wonder if the virus has already been here. This crap going around locally is hard on the lungs, no fever, affects breathing and is hard to shake off. Just think about all the stuff they neglected to tell us over the past few years so far.
Hello everyone ! My bosses at Chulop! would like to give back to the nurses who are hard at work , due to the virus. Share the love , thankyou 
Hundreds of cruise ship MS Westerdam’s passengers long stranded at sea by virus fears cheered as they finally disembarked Friday and were  to Cambodia by the nation’s Prime Minister who handed them flowers. 
During his visit in Berlin, Wang Yi said to the press : Virus knows no national boundary and calls for international efforts to fight it. 
Really difficult days. Not an easy decision to being forced to cancel MWC20 in Barcelona. The Corona virus has caused people  to avoid travel. Health and safety must always be first in priority - hence the decision. Sad sad days We will be back, stronger in MWC21 
SCARY: Mysterious Virus Found in Brazil with Genetic Profile Scientists Have Never Seen Before  … via @BigLeaguePol
Patients that have recovered from the #coronavirus walk out of hospitals and pose for photos with the doctors that cared for them. 700+ people have been discharged in China after recovering from the virus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Jim Bakker is the ultimate fake Christian selling the Antichrist as “The Chosen One” and exploiting a deadly virus to grift money from the same type of gullible morons who support Trump.
I’ve had 4 weddings cancel on me since the virus but just wanted to wish all my followers and friends a very Happy Valentine’s Day with good wishes for a clean and healthy 2020!  … 
Latest virus data from Hubei province suggests surge in case figures was a one-off 
Parents appeal to the goverment @MoHFW_INDIA @PIB_India @DrSJaishankar @PMOIndia #SonaliThakkar and138 Indians on board the #coronavirus hit #DimondPrincessCruise requesting to help them,the positive and negative#coronavirus cases all are on the ship and the virus spreading fast. 
Passengers on ship turned away over virus fears disembark in Cambodia  
Chinese people be like “I got norton” like bro, your worried about the wrong virus protection...
Raise your hand if your PCBs are on hold or delayed due to the virus, and now your wondering how to disinfect them once they arrive.
China’s leaders shake up political ranks as coronavirus cases pass 63,000; Japan announces second virus fatality outside China 
Ira Longini, a top infectious-disease scientist and director of the Centre for Statistics and Quantitative Infectious Diseases at the Florida University tracking the transmissibility of the #coronavirus warned that 2/3 of the world’s population could be infected by the virus.
They have gone and done it. #Singapore's @MOEsg released this #Covid19 jingle today. Featuring Super Soaper Soffy, Hands Down Hana, Mask up Mei Mei, Virus Screener Varun and Wipe Wilson. 
 … Apparently due to the virus, some teachers in China have been using streams for their lectures. And instead of just a regular lecture, one teacher did it VTuber style, using an HK416 (girls frontline) avatar. They also streamed CS:GO during lunch break. 
Dem Attacks Continue, Dems Desperate, China Virus Chaos Coming These stories and more in the Weekly News Wrap-Up with Greg Hunter 2.14.2020 Here's the link:  …
In association to the current corona virus outbreak, Here is an authentic 16th century plague doctor mask that has been preserved over the years and is currently on display at the German museum of medical history 
"We’re advising all Americans that wearing a face mask over your mouth is insufficient to fully protect yourself from any particularly wily strains of the virus sneaking up behind you and catching you unaware."  …
"This 'will   virus'" "What I've learned in the last two weeks is that the spectrum of this illness is much broader than was originally presented."  …
In sickness and in health: Valentine mass wedding defies virus fears in Davao City 
Interesting graph of what's happened to Hong Kong since the virus outbreak (from Capital Economics) ... 
2 thinks involve, maybe they already have someone with the cure or one of our top politicians have the virus . Cause in my country where greediness is our motto things like this do not happen  …
Look, if you think $TSLA raising $2.01 billion, the day it releases its 10-K, with their China pump suffering a pandemic virus, while disclosing DOJ and SEC investigations, and the CybertruckFail and Model Why on deck, is all somehow bullish... I have some stonk to sell you.
#UPDATE Death toll from China's virus epidemic nears 1,400.  of a "lack of transparency" from Beijing over its handling of a crisis that has fuelled global panic  
The Chinese government will have decided that this is a chance to get rid of dissidents , who will have died of the virus . I suspect that arrests have already happened
When will I see an end to this virus? Why isn't anyone talking about it in Congress? Is this strange to only me?  …
WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION DIRECTOR STATES FOR RECORD THAT THE NCOV19 VIRUS HAS OFFICIALLY MADE THE EBOLA VIRUS ITS BITCH.  …
Oldie but goodie on valentines day... Roses are red Purple are Iris You don't need antibiotics If you've got a f*cking virus
Yen holds gains on virus woes, euro crumbles on weak growth outlook  
Without reliable numbers on the number of patients infected, it is harder to calculate the mortality rate and the reproductive rate of the virus that help experts decide on measures  the outbreak. @natashakhanhk @xinwenfan @Chao_Deng 
CDC DIRECTOR, Dr. Redfield says we don't know a lot about COVID-19 and it will probably be with us beyond this year, and he thinks eventually the virus will find a foothold and we will  transmission. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020 ⁦  …
"We don’t know exactly how deadly the virus is," explains FP's 
2020 KIM JAE JOONG ASIA TOUR IN KUALA LUMPUR concert on 14 March 2020 at Malawati Indoor Stadium has been now postponed by Force Major due to the outbreak of Corona Virus from Wuhan.
Global markets are remarkably sanguine about the impact of China’s epidemic. But such optimism  there’s an inherent tension between efforts to contain the virus and the world’s economic outlook.  
"The containment phase is really to give us more time. This will   virus at some point in time, this year or next year." No evidence yet that it is embedded  at this time but "we want to intensify our surveillance."
To the mf that tried to shut me tf up about the corona virus. They don’t attempt to build a massive hospital in 10 days for false flags. They don’t beat dogs to fucking death for false flags
—Officials in Beijing expanded their mass roundup of sick or possibly infected people beyond Wuhan —The number of cases in Hubei jumped again with the use of new diagnostic methods —Japan confirmed its first death from the virus Latest updates: 
Went to the emergency room. The doctor told me I caught the gay virus and then started doing Fortnite dances. Not sure what to think.  …
Fight for virus Corona 
Sure, everything is normal, no virus spreading globally, Antartica not melting... oh wait. “If certified, reading would be hottest-ever temperature recorded in the frigid continent.”  …
#WorldSavior_SaintRampalJi The real reformer will not be muslim or Jews He will be Hindu America china all men , women must see this video human life is too short. #COVID19 God save aal types of virus but how?? 
Why don’t all the provaxxers go to China and test out the new Corona Virus Vaccine for us?  …
267 official virus cases for all of China outside of Hubei. Lowest since January 24. Has gone down for 10 straight days. I'd really like to believe this. But highly skeptical.  …
Fake news just spread like virus in air. I would like to bring your attention in one of the big event going on in India #HappyParentsWorshipDay. This is an initiation by Sant Shri Asaramji Bapu to save our Indian culture and nuture our kids in right 
BREAKING: China reports 121 more deaths, 5,090 new cases in virus outbreak, raising death toll to nearly 1,400. 
Under-reported story: So many meds are made in whole or in part in China. Lots also made in India — with active ingredients from China. The impact of this #Covid19 epidemic will likely be felt by many more people than those who contract the virus.  …
#lrt (rought trans) otw to mubank, byul said to moomoos “i wish you could see it / the live stage” [fans are usually at prerecordings but bc of the virus, there’ll be no audience in music shows rn]
PIC STORY: Medical Staff Combact With Virus at Midnight  
The closure of Chinese businesses and ports to curb the spread of the #COVID19 virus could hurt economies worldwide  | 
Watched an incredible Malayali film called “Virus”. Based on true events, on how Kerala managed to contain the Nipah virus by acting urgently and strategically. Available on Amazon Prime Video. So many lessons for the #coronavirus epidemic in there.
Does heavy snow help or hinder #virus spread? View from @CNBC Beijing bureau 
Some guy on Twitter tweeting about virus - 6.4K RTs An actual doctor replying to the guy about the virus - 2.1K RTs. That’s a 4.3K difference. We’re screwed la 
Why are equity investors ignoring the Corona virus?
“The virus is contained in the United States. We don’t know if it’s contained in China.” US leaders are “disappointed” with the way #China has handled the #CoronavirusOutbreak, top @WhiteHouse adviser @Larry_Kudlow  …
in the fall of 1918 the spanish influenza spread the globe and killed millions. corona virus  to them white colonizer plagues. the regular flu kills way more ppl.
And it's open phones on @SiriusXM & you don't have to subscribe to join the converation. What terrifies you? Medicare cuts? Corona virus? Asteroids racing towards us? Democratic Socialism? Mike Bloomberg? Call 866-997-GRIT and tell me everything.
That was the slogan driving mass internment of Indigenous people in Xinjiang, whom the state accused of infection with a “thought virus,” and quarantined in concentration camps, intentionally separating families to prevent “infection.”  …
Oped: For a country with the world's 4th largest population, which  2 million tourists from China last year, it seems absurd there are zero coronavirus cases. The reality is the virus is likely in Indonesia but undetected - more testing is needed  
Is stupidity a virus, too? Because it’s airborne in DC.  …
Great summary for the doubters from CDC. “This virus is probably with us beyond this season, beyond this year, and I think eventually the virus will find a foothold and we will  transmission.”  …
#Westerdam The Prime Minister of Cambodia is personally greeting every single person off the Holland America cruise liner (previously turned away from 5 other countries due to virus fears).  …
Now, 100% of my time isn’t dedicated to Epi, so maybe my counting skills are a little rusty, but I’ve lost count of the how many times I’ve said “while the virus is new, our processes and procedures are not” this week. From partners to staff   …
Coronavirus researchers are using high-tech methods to predict where the virus might go next 
Much before Wuhan was locked down countless travellers hosting the virus would have left China and gone home - all around the world ! The threat is bigger than we can imagine . Govts have to put everything they have to protect their countries @narendramodi @drharshvardhan
Implement a VIRUS to stop the Protestors from protesting in the streets of China in hopes it ignites enough fear in people to cause a recession. #falseflag CautionDonating to #RedCross Elites Slush fund!  …
My heart goes out to those battling/struggling with the Corona Virus and their families all over the world. God loves you and HE is with you. 
'How wonderful it is to be here': Hundreds of cruise ship passengers long stranded at sea by virus fears cheer as they disembark and are  to Cambodia by the nation's authoritarian leader, who handed them flowers. 
Passengers on ship turned away over virus fears disembark in Cambodia  
Happy to see this sand art from @sudarsansand during a rapid response discussion on corona virus organised by World Affairs Council n Washington State China Relations Council at Seattle, starting just now. 
PBOC has to be very careful using all their bullets, the state banks are already heavily leveraged..credit rating at risk if virus lasts for several months
How many of you cancelled your International travel because of corona virus ? I did ...
Trump: Day 1,119 (THREAD) -Called a "Carnival Barking Clown" -Diverting $3.83B From DoD for Wall -Gen Kelly Delivers Scathing Speech -Barr Stages Stand Against Trump -15th Case of Virus Confirmed in US -Wants Officials Off His Foreign Calls - #QuidProQuo Crushed by AG 
It gives us reasons to suspect1) lies abt #coronaviruschina death toll & the #of infected cases, 2) continues its coverup, & 3) hides the cause of this drop dead virus outbreak.  …
Corona virus case confirmed in San Antonio. Make sure y’all wash your hands and sanitize as well as be careful with saliva.
Father, in thy mercy, Please protect America from the Corona virus. Heal those around the world who have been infected. Please curtail the spread of the virus. Thou art the LORD our Healer. Please keep us safe. Thy will be done. In Jesus' mighty name, Amen.
Just as in the case of Nipah, Kerala has won battle with Corona Virus. All the 3 patients identified have been confirmed by Central authorities to have fully recovered. No case of secondary spread. Number under quarantine observation  down.Congats Health Dept.
“Who engineered this super virus with a month-long incubation period?” China: 
Excited to share our latest work showing the impact of lipid droplet formation following virus infection. #interferon A fantastic team effort by @PAM_latrobe @LIMSLTU @TheDohertyInst @AusVirologySoc @DrDonnaWhelan @ebony_monson @keaton_crosse @ErikaDuan  
Remember the surgeon in Japan who went to work after starting to have a fever and other symptoms, and then later was diagnosed with the virus? Japanese media now reporting that another man the surgeon had contact with at the hospital also has the virus.  …
Our laboratory is working a LOT on SARS-CoV-2, it’s nice that Emmie de Wit and Beth Fisher were able to get these amazing images of the  out of cells in culture. So. Pretty. #nerdalert  …
Decades ago in a  I said that any single celled organism (bacteria or a minute virus ) can  a threat to entire humanity (In the context of human arrogance ) It can even bring down economies I said . Judges were not convinced . SARS came later & now CORONA
Since one case of corona virus on a cruise ship with thousands turns the whole boat into a quarantine, I think I'll stay off those boats for awhile.
"If the situation changes because infected travellers arrive in greater numbers than we can contain, then our best tools to mitigate spread remain the ones we already know" Read on 2see what you can do 2reduce your risk of getting *any* respiratory virus... #COVID2019  …
Auto sales in China got absolutely slammed in January. The lunar new year + virus outbreak in the final week helped contribute to the industry's biggest Y/Y sales drop in 8 years.  
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
"Quarantinetive Easing" Feels like the next Wall Street report title on the corona virus.
I'm fine with Corona virus wiping them out.  …
What Happens When The Supply Chain Breaks?  via @YouTube Very interesting. I’m going to watch again. @RedPill78 Great episode. I think the virus is a bio weapon, that’s just me.
Coronavirus latest: -China death toll at least 1,483; Hubei infections up by 4,823 -Japan confirms first death from the virus—third fatality outside mainland China -China regrets Australia's ban on mainland Chinese citizens until at least Feb. 22 
Commercial breakfast TV is a virus that rots people's brains Sunrise airs 'frightening' coronavirus travel map – from 2010 | Weekly Beast  …
Agreed. Tbf I haven’t heard of people actually getting physically targeted or verbally abused just for looking Oriental and “possibly having the virus” which seems to be what Jeremy is hinting at a little there. Racism and just not going to Chinatown are two very different things
Just an FYI: Catholicism  with science as part of our understanding of faith and reason. Thus, posting the Bible disproves evolution or that we can't accept scientific advances like medicine that keeps you from getting a virus, is contrary to Catholicism.
"Our families are there, dealing with the camps and the virus..." Exiled Uighurs fear that COVID-19 will spread in camps in Xinjiang, where groups say up to 1M mostly-Muslim ethnic minorities have been put into internment camps. At least 56 cases have been reported in Xinjiang. 
It's behaving EXACTLY like a typical respiratory virus. Any of 200+ of them in terms of spread. We do know a lot of things already. Just not all the things.
WASHINGTON, Feb 13 (Reuters) - The United States is "deeply concerned" about the possible impact of a coronavirus outbreak in North Korea and is prepared to help U.S. and international organizations contain the spread of the virus, the State Department said on Thursday.
Molecular clock #phylogenetics lecture tomorrow - I just finished this interactive #d3JS animation explaining root-to-tip regression. You can try it out at:  … (Ebola virus tree now includes "slow" lineages as described by 
As the coronavirus epidemic continues its rapid spread worldwide, Russian pranksters have been staging coronavirus scares in public places, often pretending to have virus-induced seizures. Read more here:  
Everyone can Not Shut Up about the Coronavirus these days. But What No One is Talking about is The More Deadly "soy-Rona Virus" which as Completely Destroyed The Millennial "guys". Diabolical. More of The Classic Deep soy Re-Direction. No one is Even Realizing this.
This has to be just for show. I’m not aware of anything like this helping kill a virus like the Wuhan Corona. @JoeSilverman7 - what are your  …
girl i used to mess with father (who didn’t let me in his house because i was black) father passed away from the crona virus Dam 
Hubei province announces 4,823 new virus cases and 116 deaths Under old way of classifying cases it would have been 1,728 new cases and 108 deaths  …
In 2009, it was unlikely that BTC would cross $100k. But conditional on BTC having *already crossed* $10k, it was more likely to cross $100k. On Dec 1, 2019 it was unlikely the virus would cross 100k cases. But having *accelerated* past 10k, it was more likely to cross 100k. 
his way of saying he isnt scared is saying "i have never felt fear in my life." but.... he gets scared super easily. on seoul d-2 he got surprised because of the confetti. he has pretty hands, he likes laying down, his laugh is so loud and contagious, happy virus :>
Latest on #COVID19 - Chongqing City has been witnessing the surge of third-generation cases and on February 10, it discovered 2 cases of fourth-generation infection. Experts think the extension of the chain of transmission will make containing the virus tougher. 
At the #AAAS2020 briefing on the coronavirus, scientist gets asked if he reads journalist stories about the virus. "I read @statnews" he answers. (Which means the amazing @HelenBranswell!)
Soo i went to the doctor today because i been feeling horrible He told me I don't have the flue or coronavirus thank god BUT i have a bacteria or a virus im staying home until i get better :( And ofcourse i will keep smiling no matter what
I still think the Corona Virus cases/deaths are grossly underreported to avoid unnecessary panic.
ATTENTION PATRIOTS Another bad virus going around. DO NOT OPEN LINKS IN DM'S! Instead, screen shot these instructions, and send them to the sender of the virus. STAY SAFE! Often those sending links are not aware they have the virus. Opening it creates it. Hope this helps. 
i don't even understand why winner need to console or apologize to fans for cancellation of encore concerts like it's not their fault corona virus happened. why those people are so selfish? the concert cancellation made everyone sad but the saddest ones will be winner members.
Yeah, before the Corona virus. Where are they now??? Dead or in camps. Does this make you wanna STOP buying China made products and shop American instead. If not, it should.  …
Coronavirus outbreak: Why does Indonesia have no cases of the virus?  … cc @adharves
At the risk of bragging, I doubt that any virus could last longer than one day in my blood system.
imagine using China as an example for healthcare and human rights as the corona virus is thriving  …
if i get corona virus and it kills me off put a picture of vin diesel sipping a corona on my gravestone
The jokes were running for black people all over the world regarding Ebola, well best believe people are gonna have to put up with the foolery this time too. If nobody made it a scandal before then we’re giving the same treatment for the Corona virus. Keep them  
Just a reminder what Hong Kong looked like before the outbreak of Corona Virus 
Media will now start covering the virus as it’s already too late. This will also serve to help the “it’s just fear mongering” crowd The media remained silent & covered up for China when it mattered. So did WHO and so did the CDC Now they’re going to in
I can’t decide if I’d rather be quarantined on a cruise ship with corona virus - or be locked in a room with Pelosi for an hour. Most recover from the virus... But Nancy would have vodka.
US social environment has  rife with all possible (& crazy) conspiracy theories. Liberals, after Trump's elections, have jumped that bandwagon with relish. One hypothetical: if a virus epidemics had happened in the US, how long would it take to blame a foreign conspiracy?
Seriously you can find a non dairy milk that you can enjoy. Let’s stop this cruelty and big up plant bases milk. Cow milk is full of virus, bacteria, do something better for you health and stop animals being tortured while you get healthier  …
With the coronavirus virus now in Texas, can’t take any chances during family photos with 
This is just like how Nintendo Online membership installs a backdoor to your Switch and gives it the Tetris 99 virus, soon that's all you can play
I highly  everyone look to foreign news for their perspective on the virus. Stepping away from American MSM give a  view of this outbreak. This is from Sky News in England. Australia also has some great reporting. 
Professor Wu Nanping, Zhejiang U, said that they isolated 3 new #coronavirus positives from 5 fecal samples, & confirmed the existence of the virus after testing and routine blind transmission and re-isolation of specimens.  … #COVID19 #SARSCoV2 h/t Treyfish
Beijing battles ‘crisis of Chernobyl proportions’ in coronavirus outbreak  … via @scmpnews I should underscore that I hope that the virus will be contained and am rooting for China to do so. The cost of failure is simply too great for China and for the world.
Re China's economy and the virus, this piece from ZH is extraordinarily insightful. You should be sure to read through it if you're truly interested in assessing what's going on. If, instead, you just want the "stock market" to go up, then ignore it.  …
The good old days, when you used to be able to get virus derived directly to you door. 
I was at the masjid and overheard a group of grown men talking and one said “sorry I was sick” and the other replied with “you have Coca-Cola virus?” Then he asked “you mean corona virus?” He replied “noo haram we muslim only Coca-Cola for us”(corona: beer brand) arab dads
On @BullsBearsFBN at 5:15 PM ET to talk about #China's #coronavirus epidemic. Seasonal flu kills more people every year than this virus. So why is this epidemic causing such panic? Because Beijing is suppressing information and taking actions that are spreading the disease.
Film Idea: A lethal virus sweeps the world, killing everybody who's not already on a powerful daily antiviral. A couple dozen survivors band together to make sense of the terrifying new world. 28 Gays Later
Kudrayashov really is one of the P4P biggest punchers in boxing, dude could KO the coronavirus virus out of China 
happy virus 
I have this virus! It doesn't let you play other games! It sucks!
The fictional novel tells the story of a Chinese military lab that creates a new virus to potentially use as a biological weapon during wartime. The lab is ironically located in Wuhan, China and the made-up virus is called Wuhan-400.  …
Y’all gon fuck around and discover another virus  …
“This virus is probably with us beyond this season, beyond this year, and I think eventually the virus will find a foothold and we will  transmission,” Redfield said. “  …
- Federal government announces N36million cash reward for any Nigerian Scientist who finds a cure for corona virus. 
Los Angeles rapper @gmalone explains why social media isn't the place to share your emotions "We look at social media like it's a cure for a personal problem like oh, if I go to social media I'll get the attention I need, when social media is really the virus." 
When a doctor warned his friends about a strange virus in the hospital, he was forced by police to stop. Then he died. What are the ethical obligations to warn? A report from Hastings Center fellows in China. #ethics #bioethics  …
Corona Virus will turn the entire world into Sanatani's: 1) Don't Shake Hands, Say Namaste 2) Don't Eat Non-Vegetarian Especially Red Meat 3) Cremate Your Dead Well when the apocalypse arrives all just have to go back to root's, there is just no other way...
I just saw on FB a conspiracy theory that the corona virus is caused by 5G fields, which also happen to be called coronas. This kind of thinking is what we are fighting against folks. 
kris: hello? justin: yes? kris: bitch you better post about the virus 
Straightforward human to human spread via respiratory droplet and hand to face contamination. Virus can survive on surfaces and, like SARS, may also be some GI tract spread. Prevention? Hand wash, hand sanitizers, practice not putting hands to face, masks if it does get here.  …
"There's some good news about coronavirus... "Preliminary research suggests that the virus can't be transmitted from an infected pregnant woman to her fetus." #coronavirusaustralia #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak @ACRRM @ranzcog @MidwivesACM @ama_media  …
corona virus now this ?? god really throwin everything at us  …
This explains why apocalyptic right wing figure Yehudah Glick made a video blaming Chinese government "evildoers" for corona virus.  …
The @WHNSC head of global health security left the WH 2 years ago. During a coronavirus outbreak, the position is still vacant. @PattyMurray & I are leading 25 of our colleagues in urging the NSC to appoint a global health expert to address this virus.  …
Coming up on @AftertheBell @FoxBusiness - Dr. W. Ian Lipton Columbia University Center for Infection and Immunity, Mailman School of Public Health Director - THE VIRUS HUNTER - just back from #Wuhan with his report on the #CoronavirusOutbreak TUNE IN
China is doing its utmost to restrict virus spread internally & the Australian Government is doing exactly the right thing to prevent/delay virus entry here. Coronavirus could infect two-thirds of globe, top scientist says  … via @theage
This virus stuff just got serious... The news reported that it could infect 60 percent of this planet if not contained properly.... Believe this or not my friends "Money" can hold viruses as well...I'm washing and scrubbing...be safe Everyone.. 
China's Xi pledges to minimise impact of virus  
The Cleaners threaten to bathe the streets in fire to eliminate the threat of the virus. Watch your back as you return to Manhattan in Warlords of New  March 3. 
Scientists don’t need to know where the virus came from to develop a vaccine. But identifying the origin can help contain the current outbreak and prevent future ones. 
phils new video isn’t a mukbang it’s CORONA VIRUS IN LONDON GONE WRONG?? *NOT CLICKBAIT* and it’s gonna be sponsored by honey
Sigh, virus today, asteroid tomorrow. My name is Uyo and I'm looking for a boyfriend for the end of the world.  …
''Connecting the virus with China is unfair'' You hear that, Irishman? You're every bit as guilty for the emergence & proliferation of the #coronavirus as those at ground zero whose foul dietary habits lead to its  …
So basically heejun said that they are delaying  due to the corona virus situation* and that  back when the weather gets warm. He also said he will prepare a busking when the weather gets better. *cause if  now they won't be able to see fans. 
'I spent the last days with my father in hospital, and I could see that the death rate of the virus was quite high' Liu Pei'en told @debiedwarditv he believes the figures about coronavirus deaths still don't add up  
Bizarre. In original 1981 edition it was a Russian bioweapon named Gorki-400. After the cold war ended it was changed to Wuhan-400 for The 1996 edition. A virus called Wuhan-400 causes outbreak … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981.  … lähteestä @scmpnews
The incubation of the Chinese #Coronavirus lasts 24 days, it is contagious from the first day, the symptoms can be mild belly pain or cough and fever, the virus can fly 10 meters around an infected and last a minimum of 9 days on surfaces to 17 days on bills and clothes 
ZeroHedge was banned for reporting on a scientific paper that speculated if the coronavirus was engineered. Other news outlets are now free to talk about this. I'm not saying the virus is engineered, but there is clearly a bias in bans here.  …
Lab engineered virus...  finds vaccine w/in 3 hours. Nothing to see here  …
I have no idea, but it wouldn’t surprise me if this virus is a smokescreen to remove all those people who were protesting in the streets not long ago. I saw another vid of them dragging people out of their home. It’s all very suspicious & scary.
kens5: the corona virus is now in San Antonio Everyone in SA:  …
Opinion | Corona Virus WAS made by Trump, and I have the proof. Corona is an anagram of Racoon, where the Umbrella Corporation tests viruses on humans | Carole Cadwalladr 
Bats, these flying mammals host over 68 zoonotic viruses, rivaled only by rodents that carry a wide range of bacteria, viruses, protozoa, and helminths (worms). Every virus of the 68 are zoonotic viruses.
S&P Global gives China rating warning over virus spending splurge  
Am I the only swinging Schumer out here who doesn’t feel China is being exactly honest with us about their virus?
The antiviral remdesivir protected primates from #MERS infection, when given either prior to or after exposure. MERS is in the same virus family as the new virus that is causing #Covid19 disease. China is testing remdesivir against the new virus.  …
. @CarmelynMalalis joined @NYCMayor & other City agencies #InQueens to support Chinese-owned businesses (and to eat a delicious meal!) amid reports of anti-Asian discrimination related to Coronavirus. Global concern about this virus does not justify anti-Asian discrimination. 
Heading up Patriots I just received this in my DM. I DO NOT recognize the name & I DID NOT Click on the link ! I remember a few months ago There was something similar going around saying the exact same thing that was a virus Beware!! 
She asked that people share her story. This hate crime, unleashed by the corona virus, brings to light anti-Asian bigotry, a topic that gets short shrift with model minority stereotypes. The student asked, "What could I have done to avoid it?" The answer is nothing. (2/3)
Yesterday, a graduate student at @TheNewSchool was physically assaulted on the street, in NYC, right around the corner from our building. Why? She is Asian. The assailant punched her while saying something along the lines of "don't go outside Asian virus...B****." Thread. (1/3)
Chinese children in Britain mocked in school because of corona virus. Just sad tbh  …
. @paulGtremblay returns with SURVIVOR SONG, a haunting new novel about an insidious rabies-like virus and two friends on a desperate odyssey to escape it. Not on sale until 7/7, enter for your chance to win an ARE now!  …
49% of USA's homeless are in California Causing a surge highly infectious diseases: Typhus, Tuberculosis, Staph, Hepatitis A, & Bubonic Plague. The Left want to quarantine Corona virus, Yet they allow homeless to keep filth & feces on the streets.  …
The patterns of infection outside China will be more useful for health officials around the world than any data from Beijing. The virus’ behavior in the other 27 countries & territories that have it will provide a better picture of its typical severity.  …
they confirmed the corona virus in san antonio, y’all stay tf back
Chinese discrimination against Africans: Children toghut by Chinese to say in Mandarin :(我是黑鬼，智商地） “I am black monster.I have a low IQ.” Chinese been doing worser to Uighurs and Tibetans.  are most racist on the planet . #wuhan #virus #china 
2021 the virus has made you possibly the last person on Earth as life slips away, you have one last thing you need to do you grab your phone, open Twitter "I knew it was bad before most of you did... told you" you exhale for the last time, send tweet
JPMorgan Admits "Without A Historical Daily Breakdown" Its Virus Model Is Worthless | Zero Hedge  …
China is expanding its mass roundup of sick or possibly infected people beyond Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak. It's part of a “wartime” campaign to contain the virus. Follow live updates. 
Worrying. The 1st coronavirus #COVID19 death that was reported today in Japan  …) was a woman who had NO travel history. No one knows how she was infected. Scrambling to find a cause, doctors only tested her for the virus on Feb 12. She died on Feb 13. 
People are talking about the corona virus but to be honest I've been feeling sick ever since I left you. 
I did not survive drinking Everclear as a teenager to get taken out by a virus named after a beer.
Human parasite @Jkylebass, who made half a billion dollars speculating on credit default swaps and destabilizing the global economy, calls for corona virus to "rampage through the ranks" of Chinese journalists and government officials.  …
Of the 12 patients, the virus was detected in the saliva of 11 patients. 
Storm this, virus that. Pls, we’ve heard that we’ve sinned.
China's Y-20 airlifters make crisis debut bringing medics and cargo to virus-plagued Wuhan:  …
I warned of  economic impact of corona virus covid19 before the press did. Here is some data to back up what is happening good now.  …
"Very, very happy that all 83 of us have tested negative for the virus." The Britons quarantined at a hospital in the Wirral for two weeks over #coronavirus fears have been released. More on this story here:  
BREAKING: The CDC is checking the S&P500 to see why its immune to Virus
Today’s Council conclusions on the novel corona virus are a result of #EU2020HR’s coordinated efforts on all levels. The EU has shown a prompt reaction to a  challenge. Read more:  
Ebola was created as a biological weapon to only kill black people. Chinese Pneumonic plague is geared towards Asian peoples. Wonder what the white virus will be like?
Dean Koontz 1981 novel “Eyes of Darkness” has a Chinese dissident, Dr. li Chen reporting virus “wuhan 400” developed at RDNA labs as a bio weapon. Koontz claims mystic  in trances!
strong contender for worst corona virus take of the week  …
#China deploys #Robots to distribute food to #corona quarantined people,to contain the virus.TY: @Realoilsheikh #technology #COVID #HRTech  @Dahl_Consult @smoothsale @crjaensch @AshokNellikar @Victoryabro @ShiCooks @robmay70 @AmandaRay02 @treasadovander
-disease hard to predict -mortality not as high as SARS however very contagious -very quick spread of virus -transmission looks like flu, clinical sx different -some cases look like they are soon to recover then one or two days later they die
Chinese Communist Party counting methods Counting method 1 - Deny the virus outbreak Counting method 2 - When denial fails, lie about the number of infected Counting method 3 - When lies exposed, claim a change in counting methods  … #CoronaVirus #China
Corona virus is spreading faster than you know. The infected is actually higher than recorded in the data. Please stop making joke about this virus and pray that the virus stop spreading. Thanks  …
When she has corona virus but mama didn’t raise no fool.  …
There’s a confirmed case of the corona virus in Richardson, and 6 cases unconfirmed. Wash ur hands
There are concerns that the city's extensive transport links could exacerbate the spread of the virus, but doctors have stressed that the risk of infection remains low 
Finally a new Armageddon for people to lose their shit over. The virus one is tiring out.  …
The big issue with #coronavirus is that the tests to detect it are apparently only 30-40% accurate. So a patient with the virus is only 30-40% likely to be identified and may well slip through quarantine.
Ppl are dying from everything else, the virus is probably getting flogged by other viruses and bacterias for trying  to their turf without checking in  …
Full marks to Kerala Govt for tackling corona virus with speed and efficiency. Public health systems do work well at times!!  …
Will the movie about the virus be directed by Queptin Quarantino? I’ll get my coat.
Vedic Rishis were smart. Namaste is safer than handshake. Sattvik food is safer than animals causing all forms of virus outbreaks. Gauseva is better than beef - most polluting, unhealthy, poverty-inducing. Water is good for drinking, alcohol is good for washing hands & toilets  …
Finally You Can See The Corona Virus in this Video, Yeah it is So Dangerous 
Coronavirus likes men over 40 That’s ok, I’m female with a real vagina, a bit baggy granted, had a couple of kids, but a positive I’m under 60 by couple of months, so that’s a plus Downside, I have a few chin hairs I have to pluck. OMG will the virus think I’m a man
Senator Cotton DEMANDS China prove that coronavirus isn’t a biological weapon as outbreak continues to spread and kill - DC Dirty Laundry But this week the questions over whether the virus is linked to a dangerous weapons program belonging to Beijing  …
Who knows what really they're spraying in the name of disinfection all over China now. It could be worse, deadly bi0warfare path0gens, or Morgell0ns/ Micr0DustWeaponry, anything,then they'll blame ALL on the virus, sell new vaccines while reducing population? 
Ask yourself: If this is true, a vaccine in 3 hours, why no vaccine after almost 36 years and hundreds of billions of dollars, for Gallo's "AIDS Virus," aka "HIV?" Taxpayers have been footing the bill for this insanity. Watch my feed, I will keep deconstructing the HIV "science."  …
Coronavirus Update: Virus May Push Germany Into Recession Due To Close Trade Links:  … $EWG 
WH Economic Advisor Kudlow: US Is ‘Disappointed’ With China’s Response To Virus - Does Not Seem To Be ‘Good Transparency’ From China Regarding Virus
WHITE HOUSE ADVISER KUDLOW SAYS U.S. 'QUITE DISAPPOINTED' IN CHINA'S RESPONSE TO CORONAVIRUS KUDLOW SAYS THERE DOES NOT APPEAR TO BE GOOD TRANSPARENCY BY CHINA OVER VIRUS OUTBREAK Follow the story live: 
What would Greta do? This is EXACTLY how SOCIALISM would work here. The wealthy & connected look out for themselves. Little guy be damned! ** Elites Shun Commercial Airlines, Look to Private Jets as virus Death Toll Surges 
#Indonesia has not reported a single case, yet the country is a popular destination for Chinese tourists. It might have imported as many as 29 cases. What is worrying is the chance that cases have gone undetected & the virus is spreading under the radar.  
“We have to plan for the possibility that we have thousands of cases.” Leading #Health experts warned that the US could see thousands of #Coronavirus cases, and a significant surge in the spread of the virus in  weeks.  …
Let's test it out on Bakker first...anyone know where we can get the virus to infect him. Besides China. I'm not going to China. Jim Bakker: You can kill the coronavirus in 12 hours with my ‘Silver Solution’ ointment -  …
Lot of advice after the #CoronaVirusOutbreak in China. Three prominent ones seen on social media: 1) Burn the dead bodies, not bury. 2) Don't eat much meat. High risk of virus infections. 3) Avoid shaking hands. Guess what? Those have been very popular in India for millennia!
As I told the @WHO weeks ago – we must ensure this deadly virus is contained, and that means working with our international partners anywhere the virus is detected, including Taiwan.  …
#Covid19: Update on testing capacity in Africa. At the beginning of Feb. only Senegal & South Africa had labs that could test for the new virus. More can now (green) but the countries that can't still outnumber them. Countries in white are in a diff WHO region. source: 
Just  flu virus? 
Total cases of the COVID-19 virus are now almost 60,000 — the vast majority in mainland China. The  after China let clinicians diagnose it without lab results, so potential patients could be treated as fast as possible. 
Funny how quick they found the ubur driver taking the women who has the virus but cannot find a driver who sexually assault s women or someone who left something in there car
We’ve updated my story about the #COVID19 naming confusion because @WHO tells me it won’t use the name given to the new coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, in  WHO will use “the virus responsible for COVID-19” or “the COVID-19 virus.” 
An American  says it created a coronavirus vaccine three hours after getting access to the virus' genetic sequence.  …
Happy Birthday to David Naughton, star of An American Werewolf in London (1981), The Sleeping Car (1990), Body Bags (1993), Amityville: A New Generation (1993), Ice Cream Man (1995), Flying Virus (2001), A Crack in the Floor (2001), Big Bad Wolf (2006) and The Hatred (2017) 
“We have to plan for the possibility that we have thousands of cases.” Leading #Health experts warned the US could see thousands of cases of the #Coronavirus, or #COVID19, and a significant surge in the spread of the virus in  weeks.  …
We have seen some confusion about the spike in cases and deaths of #COVID19 from mainland China. As of yesterday, clinically confirmed cases have been added. That means people with symptoms who have not been tested for the virus.
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01 #FBR
PSA !!!! If you see Fire Emblem Three Houses discounted on the nintendo eshop as part of their new blockbuster sale, DO NOT buy it !!!! it will install a virus called Fire Emblem Three Houses to your switch console and if you run it, it will launch Fire Emblem Three Houses
Govt said........ “Hey students in Wuhan, we know you’re living in fear that you’ll contract the deadly corona virus anytime soon. But here’s 61,000 dollars. We don’t know how we you will access it but at least you won’t say that we never helped”
When you bring a gun to a virus fight. 
That corona virus really getting to these Asians. 
This is a friend of mine speaking on the corona virus situation in Wuhan. It seems the Ghanaian Embassy has abandoned them and they’re going through a whole lot.Let’s retweet and tag people as many as possible so the Officials in Government  to their aid 
Western Corona virus paranoia is so pathetic and insensitive Jesus Christ. We’re reaching post-9/11 levels of racially induced cowardice.
Armed with a new strain of the virus that crippled the world, Keener is manipulating the factions of New York to establish chaos. Agents, he needs to be stopped 
Of course they're lying! They're #Communists That's what they do. I am sorry for all the human suffering that's happening but maybe this event will lead to the destruction of the #CommunistParty...the worse virus of them all!  …
Send a case to Trump and see if it works on the Herpes virus as well.  …
BigTory backer JCB reduces the working week for all staff(they have to make it up later) Why...problems with the overseas supply chain due to the Corona virus.!?!. An early taste of BREXIT. OWN IT! Zero sympathy! @KayBurley @Peston @afneil @Jason_Mckeown @michaelgove
they are literally demanding you let down your defences, even against a virus  …
Generally, nothing can kill a virus in the body, but the body. Antibotics kill bacteria. There are very few anti-virals b/c anything strong enough to penetrate virus's walls is dangerous to humans. BaKKKer is a dangerous loon.  …
Years ago we used to get bottles of pop of the Corona van, now it's the name of a virus. You need to be a certain age to remember the Corona vans
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  03 #FBR
Novel Coronavirus - This is live count keeps changing as and when it gets updated  This gives you an idea where the virus is spreading on daily basis. This will help you to plan your travel around the world.
When the Corona Virus hits San Antonio 
NINTENDO DIRECTS ARE PRE-RECORDED AND ARE JUST A BUNCH OF TRAILERS STITCHED TOGETHER I ASSURE YOU IT WASN'T BECAUSE OF A VIRUS BUT INSTEAD THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ONE OR ANYTHING TO SHOW PLEASE GOD
Guangdong bans wildlife trade - Global Times #BanDogCatMeatTrade #Shutdown #WetMeatMarkets #COVID2019 #Unhygienic #PerfectBreedingGround for #Virus #Bacteria .⁦ @globaltimesnews⁩ .⁦ @cnnbrk⁩ .⁦ @BBCBreaking⁩ .⁦ @AP⁩ .⁦  …
Japan relaxes cruise ship quarantine for elderly amid fears of virus spread 
How to Bypass Anti-Virus to Run Mimikatz  …  … #Antivirus #WIndowsDefender #Mimikatz #CyberSecurity 
Patriots, If U EVER see me message you with a link or some type of address to go to - it is BULLSHIT. I will never send you a link to go look into something. I will NOT do that nor will I ever click on a link any of ya'll send me. Please lmk if u ever see that happen. VIRUS!
a confirmed case of the conga virus is just down the highway from me BYE  …
London under one inch of snow: HELP where are the TRAINS how do I LIVE I can’t go to WORK London under Corona virus threat: We’re fucking LANDANERS we ain’t scared of NUFFIN I will LICK THE NORTHERN LINE
The virus know as #HopeHicks returns to the White House to enable the  …
Your THIRD @has Corona virus .
CCP is a more deadly virus 
Aik tau I’m sick of this Corolla Virus.
Imagine being told you have the coronavirus - you're sick, scared, isolated from your family & friends - and all anyone says is, "Well why did the government bring them here?" Sending positive vibes to all those affected by this virus, especially patients and doctors.
"Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it necessitates trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions," writes TIME's 
First Texas case of corona virus confirmed in San Antonio. This is the 15th in the country.  …
I’m at the GP and two Chinese women walk in and tell the receptionist that they think they may have corona virus. Their mouths weren’t even covered. Receptionist told them to dial 111 & sent them straight out
"People are starting to panic. Our families are there, dealing with the camps and the virus, and we do not know if they have enough to eat or if they have masks." @DilReyhan Uyghurs continue to sound the alarm over the threat of coronavirus in the  …
That  with a daily dose of Valtrex, am I right Donnie? We should rename Herpes Virus, MAGA Mumps in your honor. @realDonaldTrump
Injecting the virus into our body to build-up immunity...Nope!!! Not for me——CALIFORNIA LAB DISCOVERED CORONAVIRUS VACCINE IN 3  …
Breaking: The first confirmed case of the coronavirus in Texas was announced today by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The San Antonio case is the 15th confirmed case of the virus in the United States, according to the CDC. 
*pinches bridge of nose* Not a medical professional, but just in case any of you were wondering: coronavirus is the term for a broader group of viruses. That’s why this virus is specifically named Novel Coronavirus 2019 or Covid-19.  …
Blain: "Virus Vs Markets: I Think The Music Just Stopped" | Zero Hedge  …
W.H.O summery: Virus seems to prefer men over 40 . hmmm A Virus that takes out men, would be a handy weapon during a war. Could a virus like this have escaped a lab? Other W.H.O news, China accidentally didn’t record the correct numbers. But hey ho, not to worry
Health experts have confirmed that the virus is contagious even when the infected person has not yet exhibited symptoms. There’s still no consensus as to how potent the virus is.  …
American writer Dean Koontz wrote about a scientist named Li Chen in the novel "The Eyes of Darkness" (published 1981). Li defected to the USA and revealed that China had created a virus in the Wuhan Institute of Virology, called "Wuhan-400". Wake up!!!
Fucking corona virus is officially in SA time to mask up. Everyone stay in ur homes!!
@DrMikeRyan calls for serology tests to check for antibodies in the population so we can see how far this virus is really spreading  Right now, it's not clear how much -- but @WHO believes it's happening. 4/
Trump trying to start WW3, some fellas in China spreading a killer virus and now this. The universe is seemingly doing all it can to stop up winning the title.  …
Corona virus has claimed over 1,300 lives in china. Over 60,00 affected worldwide. Do we have a database of arrivals from Asia to lagos? Are health centers /private hospitals informed & prepared? Do we have good quarantine centers or are we depending on “God forbid”?
North Korean suspected of having corona virus shot dead for leaving quarantine room  …
Personally monitored Demonetization 100+ people died in queues Personally monitored GST GST became  tax Personally monitored Economy Lowest growth & highest unemployment in 45 yrs Now, Modi is personally monitoring Corona Virus. Be afraid, be very afraid.  …
Unfortunately this is going to kill a lot of people around the world. Please pray for the people that get this virus. Japan Confirms First Death From New Coronavirus  …
The man demonstrated no intent or harm, & used a highly effective means of prevention. Still, at his appeal, the Crown Prosecutor Grace Choi said "low risk or lack of intent to transmit the virus are not sufficient, even if a person uses a condom" (as summarized by the @CBCNews)
PATRIOTS "Only for you" virus is going around again. Do NOT answer these Dms but please notify the person sending BC they do NOT know they are sending it. Include these instructions so they can fix it! Thank you 
You know your leader is evil when you fear him more than a virus outbreak.
The Chinese government arrested the doctor who tried to warn about the virus. If you cling to the illusion that authoritarian statism works, that’s fine — but don’t use Wuhan as an example, it’s perhaps the clearest illustration today of the failure of  & big govt.  …
NEW: Stocks fall in early trading as China reported a spike in cases of the new virus that threatens to crimp economic growth and hurt businesses worldwide.  
Why is it considered a conspiracy theory that Wuhan virus is a biological weapon? The US and Global gov have been fear-mongering for decades bio-weapons could kill Millions of People. Now we have one and it’s suddenly a conspiracy theory! Think for yourself friends. #COVID2019
Deaths from the COVID-19 virus outbreak were following a predictable curve ⁠— until they spiked today. Here’s our updated graph of deaths.  …
Anyone think we will get the REAL story on this Coronus Virus. I believe ZERO what they are trying to program me with the fake news? Anyone?
B R E A K I N G: Consumer Price Inflation spikes- +2.5% YoY. But do not share this because you are NOT supposed to know (keep focusing on the MSM virus story). GM
In the wake of corona virus, Apple places order for Israeli masks for European employees. Employees who boycott Israel should refuse to wear them. Walk the walk, talk the talk, cough the cough, amirite?  …
It appears that @RahulGandhi is severely affected by #Azadi Virus. In his affected state, the @INCIndia leader has gifted away Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK) to Pakistan. Did he delete his tweet once he realised tht POK will be taken back by India in future? 
Please note the inclusion of GI symptoms-- nausea, diarrhea -- not typically on the #COVID19 list. But should be, given feces test + for the virus. Why has the virus spread so widely on the Yokohama ship despite quarantine? Look to the #norovirus experience of  …
Busy radio day today - key times to wash hands to help reduce risk of inections including #coronavirus #destinationhandwashing - when you arrive at your destination - work, school, uni, sports centre, home - wash your hands-put the virus down the drain @R_S_P_H @IFH_HomeHygiene
Now Chinese people also believe that the New Evil Empireis engaging in a Chernobyl style coverup to under report #coronaviruschina death toll & the number of this drop dead virus infected patients.   …
● China’s leaders shake up political ranks as coronavirus cases near 60,000 ● Japan announces second virus fatality outside China ● London’s first coronavirus victim took an Uber to a hospital, despite government advice Coronavirus live updates: 
Fighting Corona virus. 
Chinese officials on Thursday reported a record rise in deaths from the new coronavirus, raising fresh questions about the scale of the crisis. Here is a timeline detailing the spread of the virus  
… isn't coronavirus the name for a broader collection of virus types, and Covid-19 is the name for the specific virus in question? That's not political correctness, they literally mean two different things which are important for people in the field to distinguish.
FOX NEWS: “...administration believes China is ‘severely’ under reporting the number of deaths from the virus.” Who’s the conspiracy theorist now
Grab your tin foil for this QUICK THREAD: It has been pretty much established that this virus escaped the Wuhan lab. Everyone is saying "they lost control" of it. But what if they didn't?  …
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus  …
Well black cabbies out there hopefully ,this virus might bring some work your way ,as itv news has just said that it will spread quickly amongst tube users so hopefully it will put people off and they will get taxis of course sadiq kahnage said the tube is perfectly safe
Administration sources say they believe China is under reporting the number of #coronavirus cases by at least 100,000 in China. Also sources say the administration believes China is "severely" under reporting the number of deaths from the virus.
A menagerie of live animals including koalas, rats and wolf pups were available at the Huanan Seafood Market in central Wuhan - the outbreak's epicentre. Wake up you stupid cruel Chinese weirdo's. Needs banning. Every new virus, Sars  from China  …
Could the Corona virus “outbreak” in the US be the (SCARE) necessary EVENT? Do you Trust the US Military? Military approves 11 COVID-19 quarantine 'camps'  … #QAnon
On serious note 1. If your spouse work in hospital/clinic, take extra precautions. 2. Proper shower is a must & applicable to everyone. 3. If you both can avoid public places for a date, do it. Now, boys.. Virus or not.. 1. Don't be silly, wrap your willy. 2. Consent.  …
Bloggers/influencers trying to profit from the Coronavirus with updated blog titles mentioning the virus but no useful content on it just to bump up SEO and links to sell services from your Asia travel posts: you are gross human beings and need to re-evaluate your lives.
LATEST:  • More than 15,000 new cases of the coronavirus (now named COVID-19) reported, bringing total number of cases to more than 60,000 • More than 1,350 total have been killed by the virus
Beijing Fires 2 Top Party Officials As Virus Death Toll Soars | Zero Hedge  …
ok just saying.... hzb didn't sell fake masks he used the pretext of selling masks to scam people the victims didn't get anything at all but ok either way it's still so low (understatement) of him to take advantage of this virus situation
How about the virus’s impact on people? How do you believe that’s going to work out? FFS.  …
I'm running low on kirby and pikachu pins on  Restocks won't be available for a while due to the virus postphoning work. So please grab one when you can! 
COVID -19 = The disease SARS-nCoV-2 = the virus
Patriots: Do NOT click on DM links “only for you”this is a virus it went around a few times last year & is out there again. I repeat DONT CLICK ON LINK 
Hong Kong’s protest art shifts from street clashes to virus panic. But the leaders remain the villains. 
I have received this 5 times in 2 days by new followers. This was going around last yr & it was a virus. If u receive this in DM w/your name on it, do not open it & delete & don’t forward it to anybody. Not sure if this is Twitter doing this but we need to shut it down. 
Make a robot that cures Corona Virus.
#Lassafever presents initially like Malaria. It usually starts with a fever and general body weakness Other symptoms of the disease appear 2 to 21 days after first contact with the virus Learn more on how to protect yourself & loved ones here  
Do you think all those spam calls from China were trying to warn us about the virus?
Trust the Corona virus to get to Lewisham first In London
The MSM coverage of the Corona Virus has gone viral.. remember to stay afraid! Just like you are supposed to.. FEAR is weaponized more so than any virus as a mode/method of control. stay afraid. GM
Zhang Dingyu, director of Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan, said #COVID19-infected patients that have recovered have a large number  antibodies, which can fight the virus. He called on them  to donate plasma for patients who are still struggling. 
Watch out chums, virus going round. Just this week tried to get me to sign up for program. Antivirus program tracked users' porn habits, sold browsing data  #FoxBusiness
We are looking for enthusiastic candidates for Post-doc and PhD student position to be part of our project on virus/innate immunity 
A Chinese nurse in a corona virus hit hospital in Henan Province gives her sobbling daughter an " air hug ". #Coronavirus . It's really breaks 
People on a cruise were quarantined for so long because of the Corona Virus they were offered free porn. What’s porn for people on cruises? Footage of a racially motivated attack?
The detection of the live new coronavirus from a patient's feces does not suggest that the primary method of the virus' transmission has changed, which is through respiratory and contact channels: China National Health Commission #NCP  
Probably not. It’s not Ebola. Chances are nobody on the way in got the slightest hint of infection. It’s a coronavirus, not the damn virus from 28 days later
“People who drank water from a hose as kids are immune to the Corona Virus.” - Facebook Medical Center.
“We’re not going to be able to seal this virus  into this country." The CDC director says that more person-to-person #coronavirus infections in the U.S. are likely, but containment is still possible.  #coronavirus #COVID19
If the virus reaches Africa, it could spread rapidly and undetected because health systems in many regions are too fragile and underfunded to cope. 
Watch Live: Biowarfare Begins: No Virus Needed  …
