White people don’t even wash their assholes after using a single piece of dry one-ply toilet paper to wipe their ass after they shit and their bubonic plague asses wanna go berserk over any Asian person because of the corona virus
Middle class white ppl pulling their kids out of school because of a virus that largely kills ppl over the age of 65, and meanwhile... 
the people who are making  about the corona virus are the same people who made fun of my ethnic lunch when i was 5
Quarantined for 4 days straight F*ck a virus !! ! 
“You really think someone would do that? Just create and weaponize a virus as a biological weapon and then carelessly release it into the general population for nefarious purposes of furthering government and global mechanisms of populace control?” Meanwhile at the CIA: 
Maybe it was a bad idea you supported a $750 million cut of the CDC’s budget. The CDC could be working on a strategy or maybe a vaccine  the virus. There are 5 confirmed cases in the US. 
I know the Corona virus has many people on edge, but this is NOT the time to falsely accuse any Asian on the streets that they have the virus and use that as an excuse to slander, assault, shove, and be racist towards one another.
you know how the entire virus thing is racist? no one has ever mentioned anything about praying for china.
I agree the vaccination is more toxic than the virus. Just got done researching vaccines & it confirmed what I already believed. Vaccinations are the catalyst for diseases & the FDA is waging Medical Terrorism on #WeThePeople
Stupidity Virus spreads:  …
Look no ones gotta be scared anymore a simple 4.99 Lysol can will protect you from The corona virus 
While CCP propagandizes the 20 “recovered” patients from corona virus please see how the infected that have died is handled in the streets. @SolomonYue @SenHawleyPress @robert_spalding #coronarvirus #CoronaOutbreak 
So it’s okay for these possible flights with the virus but tsa won’t allow a half bottle of liquids through? Got cha
*Finally* some anti-corona virus measures at Hong Kong Airport this morning; a regular announcement on hygiene and declaring symptoms, as well as one hand sanitizer station after passport control. Still doesn’t seem like much though. 
May be unnecessary or ineffective but quarantine decision understandable. Must be done sensitively. Not justifiable to treat non-US people differently. Unnecessary if virus overwhelmingly causes mild illness. May be ineffective: viruses don’t need visas.  
UPDATE: Foreign Affairs Minister @kaminajsmith says they have reached out to Akara & are offering support. She says the govt is looking for solutions but situation  There's concern about travel bcz of attempts to contain the virus.  …
This world is so messed up.. theres a deadly virus out there, the UK just left the EU, Trump case of impeachment is ongoing, a 3rd WW almost happened, ppl are still being caged bc of their skin colour/sex. orient., sea level's rising, forest fires keep happening. But no one cares
#Google is shutting down its offices in #HongKong due to the #nCoV2019 virus. #HongKong should have shut its border with the mainland long ago. Do it now before  shut their #HongKong offices.  …
Updated list of #ScottyfromMarketing disasters: Drought Empty rivers Dead fish Coral bleeching Bushfires Dust storms Mass extinctions Extreme heat Mud rain Government mismanagement Welfare suicides Refugee suicides Dodgy apartments Corona virus #auspol
Guys, We believe say e dey very wrong to crack jokes with coronavirus as many people don die from that virus. No dey encourage people wey dey crack coronavirus jokes about Ighalo.
February na, Digong, gising na! Happy weekend! Hope you get a good rest para may energy tayo sa Tuesday to discuss the virus outbreak with medical experts.
In China, mental breakdown is more of a issue among panic citizens rather than the virus breakout itself media likes to spread out dooming theory, bio-war conspiracy theory I get it  let’s take a look at the H1N1 death toll and take a deep breath before panicking 
After a month where we risked WWIII, most of Australia burnt down, a new virus started to spread around the world and a legend named Kobe Bryant died, I just wanna wish a joyful February rich of positive news to everyone. Hoping for a better month.
4. Another goal of intestinal spreading of this virus is to murder #XiJinping 习近平. Xijinping attended and officially opened the game. I don’t know if Xi is infected, but the the Airborne 15th Army （空15军）was infected. This army is last defense force of China’s 
ATS doc for clinicians on 2019n-CoV published today at  and in @ATSBlueEditor soon thanks to collaboration with @ATSMedEd authors and Dr. Cao. Spread the word...contain the virus!  …
how’re u all gonna be racist and ab a virus when half of y’all don’t even shower regularly, wash your hands, and u sneeze and cough without covering your mouth. y’all nasty crusty asf foh. a virus doesn’t even COME from a specific group of people y’all just stupid
I believe it’s a new strain of the virus bc this strain is believed to be zoonotic(meaning it was passed to humans from animals) so it’s not the same /-: but I’d still  using this to prevent getting sick!  …
So correct me if I’m wrong—it’s been 20 years since my bioengineering days—but gp120 etc is 820 amino acids long, and they think four overlapping 4 AA inserts makes this a bioengineered virus? I am not impressed. 
The U.S. officially declared the coronavirus a public health emergency – for the first time in decades U.S. citizens are being quarantined – as seven Americans have been infected by the deadly virus. Here's @carterevans  
U.S. stocks retreat on virus fears  
i says to mi esposa i has virus she is say oh no! lupe u is gonna be oke? i says no problem. senor pomp says is can no be contain #btc #virus @APompliano
So @zerohedge has been suspended by Twitter due to telling the truth about the Virus maybe with a few speculations but still the current news, all of this proves that China controls what it wants to in the social media sphere. #Zerohedge #China #coronarvirus
OMG THIS VIRUS IS CRAZY!! Its going to cause between 140,000-810,000 hospitalizations and between 12,000 - 16,000 deaths this year I'm talking about influenza. And you thought I was going to say #coronavirus
There is no medication to cure coronavirus, those who contract the disease must simply ride it out, much like a cold. You can take medication for symptoms but antibiotics aren’t effective because it’s a virus. “You should stay home, rest &drink a lot of fluids,” Prof Shaban said.
From Japan: New report 258 Dead/Corona Virus 11,350 Infected China requiring any female having ANY contact with public MUST Cut Off Pony Tail at once. Everyone stay safe & don’t depend on FAKE NEWS
Corona Virus is just another depopulation tactic
I have to say, I definitely would've never guessed that - of all news or news-adjacent organizations - BuzzFeed would be doing so much of the heavy lifting when  to debunking viral myths and misinformation about a developing virus.
I decided to go for a walk this evening after being down for a couple of days with flu (not the Wuhan virus please) and there was this lady walking her dog who saw me and greeted me first. I greeted her in return and she says “I am so sorry.’ I ask “what for?”...she says BREXIT.
It’s not racism. People are scared not because of the Chinese people but bcoz of the virus. Di hamak naman na mas may kakayahan ang China to treat the victims kesa dito sa Pinas. Most Filipinos can’t even afford to eat 3 meals a day, gamot pa kaya? Sana isipin niyo rin sila.
'I am not a virus': France's  pushes back over xenophobia  
WTF? Why doesn’t twitter allow discussion of the CORONAVIRUS & shocking results from India that suggest HIV has been inserted into this strain of the virus!  …
** BREAKING NEWS ** Corona virus detected in Santa Clara according to Santa Clara County Public Health Department. "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the man who lives somewhere in the county has the virus..."  
Corona beer changes it's name to avoid association with the corona virus outbreak 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE The US said Friday it was declaring a public health emergency and temporarily banning the entry of foreign nationals who had traveled to China over the past two weeks to contain the spread of a deadly new virus. (AFP/ Reuters)
i cant believe the UK just died to the carona virus
This is why the corona virus exist 
WOW I CANT BELIEVE HOW CLOSE THIS WUHAN VIRUS SEQUENCE IS TO.... A BAT CORONAVIRUS 
That Corona Virus is scary. I wish it woul go away. Have a nice weekend everyone. 
if i catch corona virus i will simply release it
Allahu Akbar. "China called Islam a virus and worked very hard to extinguish it in its country, they banned the Quran, they banned praying, they banned fasting and locked down million innocent muslims in cell, killed innocent Muslims,made life difficult for the Muslims, tried
Cba man, United risking bringing Corona virus to the UK just so they can bench Martial... man said next Henry someone hold me
World Health Organization declares a global health emergency as the virus spreads to 20 countries.  …
It starting to look like the Corona virus is man-made. It turns out the virus contains 4 HIV-1 amino acids. thread  …
The Internet is so depressing. This week has been such a sh*t show. Pardon my language, but don't know how else to describe it. Corona virus pandemic. Visa bans. Impeachment hearings. Brexit. Etc.
hate the virus, not the chinese!
China has reported almost 10,000 coronavirus infections within their country, but they may be fudging the numbers. The true number could be ten times that, according to a new report, as the virus spreads "exponentially in multiple major Chinese cities." 
Where’s a fire hose full of Corona virus when you need one?  …
WATCH THIS AND RT TO SAVE A LIFE! LISOL BOTTLES HAVE A LIST OF VIRUSES ON THE BACK THAT CAN BE ELIMINATED BY THE FORMULA AND THE CORONA VIRUS IS LISTED ON THERE. LISOL HAS BEEN AROUND SINCE 1889. NO KNOWN CURE OR MEANS TO CONTAIN IT RIGHT? 
Just a reminder that the corona virus will blow over. All that stupid anti Asian shit you said? Will not.
Potential 14+ day incubation, contagious during that period, many cases are asymptomatic for some time, patients can be contagious after 'recovery', recovered patients can be reinforced, no guarantee second time around will be as easy... Most insidious virus I've ever heard of...
Week 1 - US vs Iran Week 2 - Corona Virus Week 3 - Kobe Bryant Dying Week 4 - UK leaving the E.U Seriously wtf is with 2020 
I think my girl caught that cabrona virus
Re: Canadian officials saying there's "no risk" of transmission from airplane passenger who's asymptomatic & wearing a mask, remember that according to a paper in the New England Journal of Medicine, the Germany cases ARE apparent cases of an asymptomatic person spreading virus
There’s another virus stalking the U.S., it has the same symptoms as the coronavirus and it’s already killed 10,000 people 
BREAKING: China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says | via @AFP #coronavirus 
Fijians on the TL, especially those trigger happy ones. When you post about the #Coronavirus without proper verification (only journalists know how to do that) from the actual authorities or medics you’re little more than a gossip. Virus Rumour mongering is dangerous. STOP IT!  …
Fighting against the virus (China Daily) 
What do Chinese whistle blowers say about #Wuhan #coronarvirus? Chinese youtuber/political show host Mr. Lude said following: 1. China held military drill on Sep. 18th. Before the drill, officials of Hubei province was given a medicine can block corona virus. To be continued 
Canadian officials are claiming there's no need to track down passengers who flew with the new Canada virus patient because she was asymptomatic on the flight and was wearing a mask, so the passengers were at "no risk." Where are they getting this info about no risk? 
Racism towards Chinese people or Asians is not okay, or towards any POC. Also, can we stop the normalization of racism when  to Asians, not only online but in real life too. Just because the virus started in the continent of Asia. It doesn’t mean that you can be racist.
Ighalo, Nigerian Eagle , AFCON top scorer, Ice Cold Finisher, Corona Virus couldn't touch him, Baller, Sauce King, Solskjaer’s Hero, EPL defenders have families, Igbo R9, Clear of Bumcazette. Ighalo FC, we are eating good. 
Kurdish  more contagious than corona virus
I'd like to remind everyone that the H1N1 swine flu virus started in North America, and killed 12.5k in the US and 575k worldwide. American pork was considered dirty for years. Glass houses!
Wait, so Ighalo is in bed in China, poor cunt doesn’t even know he’s signed for us, Jesus, when he wakes up and switches the TV on, he’ll wish he’d caught that Virus
Working tomorrow and Sunday. Cornona virus maddness. Brexit maddness. Life is short. I am going to start with a £25 oink but amnt will double per 40 retweets. Sunday night someone will get a gift from a paypig oinkkkk Retweet only to enter 
a guy with weakened immune system discusses the coronavirus virus with his mom 
“I approved a directive apprising our forces about precautions they should take, how to recognize the signs and symptoms of the virus,” said Secretary @EsperDoD. The @DeptofDefense issued guidance to US troops about the  …
Odion Ighalo FC is officially open. Membership forms go on sale tomorrow & exercise runs till February ending. Ice cold, Corona virus never stood a chance. Ighalo about to end families
Will I ever get to go on my honeymoon! Dennis told me we should change our japan trip to another time bc of the corona virus
Saturday's Mail: How many more UK victims of virus? (via @Hendopolis) #TomorrowsPapersToday 
The Trump administration has declared coronavirus a public health emergency in the U.S, which allows the government to take temporary measures to contain its spread. Officials emphasized the risk of contracting the virus in the U.S. is low. 
Ighalo, Came from Nigeria, Given no chance by his own fans both at home and in England, AFCON top scorer, Ice Cold Finisher, Corona Virus couldn't touch him, Baller, Sauce King, Favor over Labor Philosopher, EPL defenders have families. Ighalo FC we are eating Jollof 
I did not survive years of Jägerbombs and cheap Rum only to be taken out by a virus named after a light beer
I’m hearing about multiple #coronavirus cases in LA area. (Unconfirmed) Less than 10 but it’s here... we must take drastic action if we’re going to stop this virus. #China has caused a huge problem for the world.
#BREAKING China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says 
A new virus' name needs to be pithy, memorable, and boring, all at the same time. @sarahzhang writes about the tricky politics of naming the new 
Breaking: There are now over 11,300 confirmed cases of coronavirus across the world. The death toll from the virus has risen to 258.
Broke: There’s a dangerous virus and it’s spreading in China. Woke: There’s a dangerous virus and it’s winning Iowa.
Wuhan-virus has a 2% case fatality rate. The 2009 Influenza had a 0.02% case fatality rate. If Wuhan virus is as transmissible as the 2009 Influenza, 10,000 deaths turns into 1.0 million deaths. The 2009 Influenza is estimated to have killed 151,000 to 579,000. What's the math?  …
The Trump administration declared the coronavirus a public health emergency ordered a temporary suspension of entry to people who pose a risk of transmitting the virus.  …
The virus' spread and the fact that infectious disease experts cannot yet know how deadly or contagious it is are driving international alarm  
I have no doubt Trump and friends sold short before the Coronavirus outbreak - 'Dow closes down 600 points on rising virus fears'  … #InsiderTrading
The most dangerous virus that currently infecting humans is called stupidity.
Risk managers over the world are grappling with how to respond to the 1st formidable “viral virus” of the social media era  
If you care so much about China, hop on a plane and go fight that virus.
Santa Clara County Public Health confirming novel corona virus case in adult male who recently returned home from China. He was self isolated at home and came in contact with “very few individuals when he returned home,” according to Health Officer Dr. Sara Cody. 
I was thinking of when they were going to announce Seulgi’s birthday party but with the virus scare going around and everyone canceling events with audiences...I hope at the very least if she can’t do something with an audience we get a cute birthday vlive
Give ole the virus
I told you all in my video the other day about the #Coronavirus that it's about to get real out here, This has just been declared today!! US declares emergency, new entry restrictions due to virus concerns. 
that gucci mask isn’t gonna save u from corona virus but you’re gonna look sick when u die
Before Corona Virus After Corona Virus 
Wuhan should have taken measures sooner to contain the coronavirus, the city’s Communist Party chief said. The virus has quickly spread beyond China's borders in recent days  
good news everyone my mom told me if I just write this specific prayer on a very thin piece of paper & then *literally swallow it* I will not get the corona virus
using “it’s just a funny meme” as justification for literal discrimination against asian ppl, ESPECIALLY chinese ppl, bc of the corona virus isn’t cute or slick.. it’s not a joke. you’re just racist! still discriminating! not something you should even ATTEMPT to joke about anyway
China Virus: 213 Dead, 9,954 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE  …
Allah saves the souls suffering from corona virus, and gives the solution for it. Ameen ♡
The first level cause of quarantine is the virus. But underlying it was the lie. The party lost the Mandate of Heaven by lying.
They are calling all the yellows to go to the streets on the anniversary of EDSA. I doubt if they can get 1k. Why? Because they started the NCoV scare and who in their right mind will go to a crowded gathering knowing that a deadly virus is roaming around.
#NYC health officials investigating potential #coronavirus case in #Queens #NewYork A person who recently traveled to #NewYorkCity from #China is being tested for possible coronavirus at Elmhurst General Hospital #CoronavirusOutbreak #Virus  … via @nypost
Remdesivir used. High RNA (let's assume virus for no) loads in upper respiratory tract despite less severe disease.  …
Virus kills 200+ & a travel ban on China is implemented to ensure America’s wellbeing. Dems, “agreed” After thousands of Americans have been murdered, a ban is put on countries with heightened extremist activities & inadequate vetting. Dems “  …
Back in my day, the Corona virus was called a hangover....to build up a tolerance and strengthen your immune system, we are selling Corona bottles for $2.50. 
For journalists covering the virus, as Trump responds to  geopolitical challenge like this by banning travel and ordering quarantines, please consider a break from the default laudatory language of such things constituting a "strong" or "aggressive" response.
These labs have extremely tight security which includes multiple air locked doors and disinfection processes. The idea that some dude wandered out for lunch with a weaponized virus is next to zero. Not sure why they would deliberately release a virus that targets their race.  …
Please be careful about spreading misinformation about the #coronavirus. People are now sharing a low-quality, poorly-constructed study that was rushed out, has not been peer reviewed, and whose conclusions are demonstrably false. This virus has almost nothing  with HIV  …
Sorry. I won’t panic over a virus that shares the same name as a beer! Neither should any of you. More people die in the US of the regular flu!
i think my hot take is that the corona virus is some how linked to bitcoin.
Non-scientists: lol this is so funny! Scientists: *audibly cringing because the Coronavirus is actually a spherical virus with glycoproteins on its envelope* 
After 2 high-ranking gov't officials in #Hubei Province died from the #Coronavirus, many officials are getting special IVIG injections to protect themselves. Meanwhile, locals who have symptoms of the deadly virus are being turned away by hospitals.  …
Paraphrasing: On a long enough time scale, the technology required to make an incurable virus as contagious as  cold & as deadly as smallpox will exist in high school science labs...
plot twist: the corona virus is just another form of population control
so... the corona virus was engineered ?
We have known for some time now that the virus has a 14 day+ incubation period. So what were these people that got evacuated doing for almost a full week while they were back in the US? Which diplomats were flown out and where are they now?
been coughing hella lately and everyone’s looking at me like I have that virus like no bro I just smoke too much weed ur good
This is such a painful video to watch. As a mother I felt my heart shatter. May God have mercy on us, especially those who are suffering from this virus.  …
Starting Sunday, the U.S. will temporarily bar entry to foreign nationals believed to be at risk of transmitting a new virus. All flights from China will be funneled to seven major U.S. airports where passengers can be screened for illness. 
US Bars Entry to Travelers Who Have Recently Been in China Over Virus Outbreak  …
Strategies to prevent entry of #coronavirus into U.S. are smart critical steps. But we should also work from posture that assumes some index cases already arrived undetected and virus now circulating. Key to limiting outbreaks will be broadening screening guidance to physicians.
You people that are using the virus as a scapegoat to be racist are foul
Bloomberg also has this story: China Names HIV Drugs in Treatment Plan for New Virus  …
what if the cure to the corona virus is trapped in the mind of a gamer
(1/2) @drsuswarner has designed a cancer-killing virus that can attack tumors in three different ways. In the new #TheoryLab podcast she describes the incredible potential of oncolytic viruses, and...  … @susannagreer @cityofhope 
#BREAKING: Health officials have confirmed the first case of Coronavirus in the Bay Area. A man has tested positive for the virus in Santa Clara County. 
JUST IN: The US declared a public health emergency due to the coronavirus. President Trump will temporarily bar entry to the U.S. of foreign nationals believed to be a risk of transmitting the virus. The new restrictions begin Feb. 2. 
WALL STREET SLAMMED BY VIRUS FEARS The Dow dropped 603 points, or 2.1%, its worst day since August The S&P 500 had its worst day since October, falling 1.8% The Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.6% The VIX spiked 21% Wishing everybody a great weekend! $DIA $SPY 
my favourite hits with almost perfect sequence identity are the tupan deep sea virus (found 3000 m underwater off the coast of Brazil) and the peach associated luteovirus  …
I want to thank everybody for all the messages and prayers for my family and I. My team in the CBA, Fujian Sturgeons, decided to send us home until they figure out the solution for the virus. Let’s all continue to pray for China. Thanks again for the love and support.
If this virus starts spreading in the US it will be 100x worse than in China because very few are going to risk thousands of dollars in medical debt to go to a hospital because of a fever
#BREAKING: The United States has declared a public health emergency because of a new virus that hit China and has spread to other nations.  …
rebecca acting as if wallace gave her corona virus on toast 
(Or they did it purposely to spread the virus further and paint China's efforts as ineffective)
The Corona virus is all fun and games until someone from your family, like your Mum or your Baby Sister catches it. Everyone pray for each other man, this shit can wipe out 65 million people apparently. Insha'Allah nobody we care for has to suffer through it, Ameen.
So. The S&P 500 ends down 0.13% for January. Given that it had to deal with a scare about World War III, and with the advent of a terrifying new virus, not so bad: 
Geographic quarantines are not right approach. #nCov had circulating for >1mo earlier than outbreak was recognized. Most surveillance using a connection to Wuhan as criterion for screening. We are likely missing mild cases. MEANS WE HAVE NO CLEAR IDEA WHERE VIRUS IS or IS NOT.
Trump admin officials sound confident that Coronavirus poses a low risk for Americans. But officials conceded testing for the virus is not reliable. You can test negative and still have it.
Guys I train that played in the cba are  back ....that virus over there is no joke.
Yes. The Chinese scientists have evidence that an enzyme found in the lungs in East Asians make them more susceptible to to the virus. Does this mean that the virus won’t mutate and infect other races? No. But your risk as a White man is very low.  …
Gentle reminder folks: the flu has killed more people than the Corona virus so far this year, you’re much more likely to catch it and we have a vaccine for it. Not to belittle the fears people may have, but instead of buying masks, get the vaccine and wash your hands!
Police in China smashed 16 automatic mahjong tables to stop villagers from gathering amid the virus outbreak 
My Plague Inc video from last week just got limited ads (confirmed by human) for controversy, terrorism, and massive loss of human life. Really? I focused on the game pretty much exclusively with only tiny tidbits of any real world virus talk. It's a game... @TeamYouTube @Fwiz
Indian scientists: "The virus may not be natural" Indian scientists have found HIV (AIDS) virus-like additions that are not found in any other coronavirus in the 2019-nCov virus. This points to the possibility of the new type of coronavirus being designed. 
BREAKING: US declares public health emergency from new virus, President Trump to bar entry of foreign nationals who pose transmission risk. 
Dow closes down 600 points on rising virus fears. WINNING.  …
Trump is the virus
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks plunge as fears spread that virus outbreak will dent the global economy; Dow industrials drop more than 600.
I will start believing in a higher power if the cure for corona virus turns out to be lime
Facts matter. At the moment, there’s a lot of mistruths, fear-mongering, and bad advice out there on the Coronavirus. Like the virus itself, measures must be taken to limit the spread of misinformation. Social  must be held accountable and help prevent this. 
Wearing a mask can protect against the Corona virus but only if it’s the proper kind (blue on the inside/white on the outside). Most masks sold in Asia don’t have the blue part & won’t protect against the virus or any other colds Oh, & while you’re here, #SaveBenSolo too ;)  
A distressing scene ..  into the loving arms of our Saviour this poor soul, a man in his 60s, left lying in the streets of Wuhan, a victim of the coronavirus. Let us pray for all who have died from this virus - and that the Lord will quickly shew us the cure. 
Kurdish Islamist Imam said:“ im ready to treat Chinese people to recover from Corona virus with Quranic verses“. He also said I treated many ppl to recover from AIDS“ He also drinks camel‘s Urin with milk 
India didn't announced anything. Indian researchers found that it has similar protein inserts to those found in the HIV. As those were not found in previous coronavirus outbreaks, it indicates that the possibility of the virus being engineered is higher than previously thought.
JUST IN: The U.S. has declared coronavirus a public health emergency, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said. Azar said this allows the government to take temporary measures to contain the spread of the virus, which so far has been confirmed in six people in the U.S.
As the virus spread, Donald Trump attacked the president: “I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights ... because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!”  In his estimation, it was "Obama's fault"  ).
I honestly thought the Corona virus was so much worse than it actually is purely because of the fear mongering. It's a virus your body can fight off easily and only results in pneumonia in some, which only kills if you if your health is already impaired.
The novel coronavirus, #2019nCoV, is not spreading  in the U.S. at this time. CDC is still working to contain the spread of the virus. See what is known about how 2019-nCoV spreads:  
The coronavirus has  a global pandemic, yet the Chinese Communist Party continues to play politics by blocking Taiwan from participating in the @WHO. Taipei must be allowed to join international efforts to fight this virus immediately.  …
**HAPPENING NOW: Beginning Feb. 2nd, Sec. Azar says US citizens returning from the Wuhan Province region in China will be subject to quarantine. Also temporarily suspending the entry into the US of foreign nationals who pose a risk for the transmission of the virus @OANN
Unconfirmed report of 4th virus case in Canada, "a woman in her 20s who had traveled recently to Wuhan" h/t  …
WASHINGTON (AP) — US declares public health emergency from new virus, Trump to bar entry of foreign nationals who pose transmission risk.
My feed is jammed today with conspiracy theories about the coronavirus being a bioweapon that leaked out from a lab in Wuhan. If this virus -- with its 3% mortality rate -- is a bioweapon, it's one of the least fearsome  ones ever.
First corona virus now a chihuahua sized rat, this campus has it all. 
7th virus case in Germany announced -- another employee at the  as the other virus cases (6 employees  + 1 child of an employee)  …
Whatever your stance on the virus that's spreading, I think it's reasonable to suggest that, where you can take precautions you ought to in the name of preventing others from contracting it. I'm gonna get some pocket hand sanitizer and if I'm feeling super stylish a mouth mask.
Footnote... Ighalo was booked on a flight out of Shanghai yesterday morning. It didn’t take off because of the virus. Deal looked off. It’s now firmly back on. But he’s still in China! More @MirrorFootball
DOW down 650 points! Will an already shaky Chinese economy collapse with this bad virus affecting the whole  is not moving, manufacturing slowed to a crawl, streets empty - no one shopping? What are the facts? 
Fires and virus could drive nation into recession  … via @theage Not to mention  directionless rorting government
Chinese authorities are rushing to build two new hospitals in Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus 
I knew there was something fishy going on. One doesn't need a full on hazmat suit to deal with a normal virus, especially one with a death rate reported as less than 5%. This is far worse than reported.  …
He’s probably going to infect the squad with Corona virus knowing us
You can blame today's 700 point drop in the Dow on the corona virus if you want. But the truth is that it is down because the Senate Republicans have just tossed the US Constitution out the window. Presidents no longer have to follow the rules. A dictatorship has been born.
"Those ChiComs put AIDS in their airborne virus and you're laughing" 
After hard work  and Spaicy Project. I will take vacations in Japan for 2 weeks! I hope corona virus doesn't attack me! I will be uploading photos and videos soon! PS: If someone in Japan wants to meet, and grab a coffie or something, send me a PM 
How Tf that virus get here from China before my wish order came?
Coronavirus: how far will it spread? To predict how the virus will spread, scientists need to look at a range of factors, including reproduction rates and the incubation period, the FT's science writer Anjana Ahuja explains in this video 
What is the most dangerous thing that human being has ever seen ? It’s not the weapons of mass destructions, not Coronavirus or SARS or AIDS.but it’s the nature of Chinese culture that teach to eat all animals and even human being. #coronavirus #virus 
I’m flying today with a horrible allergy and I’m doing overtime trying to assure people that I don’t have corona virus.
I can’t get the corona virus I don’t drink beer
Finally, even if this were true (its not), magically adding amino acid residues from one virus to another does not somehow make it more virulent. There is overwhelming evidence nCoV emerged from a bat with a possible intermediate host.
Schiffert after diagnosing me with Corona Virus 
This legal order is part of a public health response that is necessary to prevent the transmission and spread of this virus in the U.S. This federal quarantine will protect the health of the repatriated US citizens, their families, and  #2019nCoV
This action is a precautionary and preventive step to maximize the containment of the virus in the interest of the health of the American public. The current epidemic in Mainland China has demonstrated the #2019nCoV’s capacity to spread 
Conspiracy theory:the media and health orgs are blowing up the coronavirus so everyone gets the vaccine when  out in the next couple months but that’s the real deisease is what’s in the vaccine for population control because more people will get the vaccine than the virus
Please journalists-stop calling this WuhanCoronavirus As @DrTedros said: #SolidarityNotStigma #FactsNotFear #ScienceNotRumor Virus interim name is "2019-nCoV" Disease name is "2019-nCoV acute respiratory disease" Its not perfect,  w/ @WHO Best Practices 1/3
London, On confirmed coronavirus Both parents of the female, were in hospital in China, but, weren’t tested for the virus. Daughter flew back to Cda, next day in hospital. O...k...a...y...
Trump is now quarantining  into the US from Wuhan, China. Why is he not vaccinating kids in border camps to protect them from another deadly virus--the flu--that has already killed 8,200 adults and children? #Coronavirus #Flu  …
why am I hearing Neil Warnock just said that Ighalo is only going Man Utd to avoid the Corona Virus this deadline day as officially PEAKED
I did not survive all those benders on george street to be taken out by a virus named after a light beer
This headline is so misleading; the individuals aren’t suspected of the virus, but they are being survielled because they travelled from China. “As a result of the screening, we were able to ascertain that there was no evidence of any illness whatsoever,” the Minister added.  …
oh the Virus on the bus goes .. 
practicing how imma fight off the corona virus 
2 wks ago, I knew I was going to get a virus & I did I don't usually get them But I felt someone cough in my face & it go near my nose (I know! The drama, darlings!) Whilst winter illnesses are still around, should I wear my Moroccan face mask in clinic? Yay or nay?! 
A German man got #nCoV from someone with no symptoms. So - taking people's temperature at airports ultimately won't stop the spread of the virus - its a leaky sieve approach.  …
Dow plunges 600 points as Friday's sell-off tied to the coronavirus accelerates @CNBC yew blame it on the virus never mind the state of the global financial system everything is ok  …
I’ve heard some say they don’t care about the new virus because they’re fit and healthy and will probably get over it if they get it. This is likely true, but it ignores the fact that we’re trying to protect our weakest - the young, elderly, and those with immunity deficiencies.
The woman originally tested negative for the virus, however a subsequent test showed she was “just barely positive.”  …
Definitely a great find & WTH would anyone want to make a virus? Only one  to mind & that’s to rank havoc on other countries & China is making new strains of the virus & that is not a good thing
Loads laughing and joking about this Corona virus but this is the real horror side of it, look at this poor bastard he looks terrified. Fancy being made to drive to the fucking Wirral 
Jamaica has issued a travel ban on travel to and from China following the move by the @WHO to declare the Corona virus a Global Health Emergency. 
This is going to take a lot of patience, I get it, but I have to believe this virus-induced slump in energy stocks is going to be a great buying opportunity. Cheap & great yields. Nobody seems to be paying too much attention to the supply side, which is actually constructive.
"We're not going to contain this. In terms of transmissibility, it's acting more like an influenza virus." #coronavirus #2019nCoV - @mtosterholm of  …
What if a squeezed lime is the cure for the corona virus
louis and harry’s minds being outside of the uk on brexit day and as the corona virus arrives in the north of england
Isn’t it best to close schools at least for couple of weeks till the real coronavirus situation is known n assessed?If the virus starts to spread in a crowded city like Male it would be like a wild fire.I ambnot being alarmist, but realist. “Rakkaave thibiyyaa dhathurey.....”
would be quite Man Utd to cause an outbreak of the corona virus  …
So it is true afterall. The bloody han chinese have created a deadly biological weapon. Airborne HIV virus. It took a bunch of Indians at IIT Delhi to expose it. Everything adds up now. All the hospital building propaganda, lockdowns etc.  
China has arrested “dozens of social media users” for spreading “false info” about #coronavirus.“ 1 arrested man is a doctor," on the front line of the fights to contain the virus.” Show's how immoral & counterproductive #CCP's censorship really  …
Controversial. Anyone not bothered to get the flu jab should not get a face mask. If one deadly virus does not bother you, why would another?
Before and after high-resolution SkySat imagery reveals one of the new hospitals in Wuhan, China. It was built in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus. 
mfs from China learning how to  bro you worried bout the wrong virus
Ighalo would have been a Manchester United player if he was in Europe at the minute. Ole and United still pushing for it to happen but time is running out with the player across the ocean and might take extra hours to get cleared off (Corona virus )
Indian scientists have just found HIV virus-like insertions in the 2019-nCov [pdf]  …
The virus isn’t an excuse to be racist to Asian people
Officials say the patient did have a travel history to Wuhan. They say that she was "fully recovered" from the virus within two or three days of exhibiting symptoms.
Evidence is showing that the virus  bone marrow and therefore blood cell production. They are actually seeing a decrease in the body’s immune response. It’s a weapon.
I’ll happily stake my PhD studying coronaviruses on this not being any kind of engineered virus.
«Corona»virus. Ge, ge, ge.  …
"It is quite unlikely for a virus to have acquired such unique insertions naturally in a short duration of time"
3. There was so little virus in here sputum sample that her initial lab results were negative. 4. The individual remained in isolation even after lab results were negative, and remains there although she  recovered. 3/
Fires and virus could drive nation into recession. While Morrison the #Hollowman spends his time fighting any implication in the #SportsRort affair. #auspol  … via @smh
Idk why the corona  out and now ppl wanna talk about covering your mouth when you cough. THAT SHOULDVE ALREADY BEEN A COMMON FUCKN COURTESY. Nasty Asses.
Nobody wants a financial panic causing more damage than the virus hence it’s a game of keeping confidence up. You saw that yesterday too in the @WHO press conference. Unfortunately it caused people to buy yesterday.
Friendly reminder that now is the time to start havin’ “severe stomach issues” or “possible Corona Virus” at work so you won’t look obvs hungover when you take Monday off after the Supes, you guys.
VIRUS GOES GLOBAL: Coronavirus Confirmed in Rome, Cases ‘Surge 3,000%’ in China 
Before Corona Virus. After Corona Virus. 
Paranoia about the coronavirus is spreading rapidly around the world, and the reaction in financial markets has been swift. The What Goes Up podcast explores the market's reaction to the virus. 
There's a virus that affects more than 6 million Americans across the country every year, injuring 3 million, and killing more than 40,000 people last year alone. It's not a new pandemic -- it's *automobiles*  …
Interesting test happening in real time. Studies show liberals have higher thresholds for disgust. This virus tests survival instincts vs. disgust tolerance. If the last 48 hrs of media blurbs are an indicator, tolerance > survival
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
Breaking : Indian scientists have just found HIV (AIDS) virus-like insertions in the 2019-nCov virus that are not found in any other #coronavirus. They hint at the possibility that this #WuhanCoronovirus was designed ["not fortuitous']. Scary if true  …
Kobe. Corona virus. Brexit. And we're just rounding up January.
The Corona virus to us: 
If you make racist jokes about asians because of the corona virus I will unfollow or block you, fuck off with your disgusting racism
This #nCoV2019 case from Bavaria had a sample collected on Jan 28. The full genome of the virus was shared publicly 3 days later on Jan 31. That's the new record. Incredible job @c_drosten @vmcorman @ChariteBerlin  …
A top disease doctor in the US has confirmed it, coronavirus can be spread before symptoms manifest. The virus has claimed over 200 lives since the outbreak began. 
Just read the pre-print. It surely looks like, these inserts are not of natural evolutionary origin as Coronavirus is a relatively conserved virus and is evolutionarily distant from HIV. It definitely needs a detailed investigation.
What do you think of the new Virus 8-Bit skin in @BrawlStars?  
The #CoronavirusOutbreak has been called a good dress rehearsal for when a really bad virus hits. But in today's #podcast, news editor @PennySarchet says this is no dress rehearsal: this is a global emergency. Listen:  
It means someone manufactured this virus in a lab with snippets of HIV proteins in it. Thus the reason why HIV meds have been used in treating the virus in China.
On tonight's show we will  on this important new coronavirus study which states that the HIV insertions found in the virus are "unlikely to be fortuitous in nature." w/ @AnnikaSkywalker.  …
I’m going to try to sum up the situation regarding the corona virus issue in Japan as of Saturday morning local time. (thread) As of this writing there are 16 confirmed cases. No fatalities.
Heart Breaking scene *Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* #coronarovirus 
The moment the meat market theory & videos came out of China.I was sure. Mysterious virus origin story is explained so fast with  out of China in unprecedented scale was a giveaway. Because they started blaming , & so early as the origin ,I was sure .
There should be independent labs studying this virus all over the world and if they  to similar conclusions that this virus has insertions that could only been created in a lab, then that proves China's official fish market origin story is a scam to protect themselves.
I did not survive all these benders to get taken out by a virus named after a light beer
‘The patients are receiving specialist NHS care and we are using tried and tested infection-control procedures to prevent further spread of the virus,’ said England's chief medical officer as the coronavirus hits the UK  
Amid panic about the Corona virus & Brexit the government is free of any scrutiny on their domestic policy. Remember it is the Conservatives & their austerity which are the proven threat to the British public. #coronavirusuk  …
*Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* 
Recent @NDR_Research study shows peak in fear related to a virus tends to coincide with the WHO Emergency Declaration, which occurred yesterday in 2020 case. Image shows stock market performance before and after WHO Emergency Declaration. More:  
LATEST: Dow Jones slumps more than 500 points as a virus outbreak that originated in China continued to widen, stoking stock investors' worries about the potential global economic fallout.  
This is the worst of both types of reactions -- extreme and ineffective: 1)a travel ban when the WHO urged nations not to do so and 2)that will be in a place a week from now as if the virus will just hang out until then in China. Somebody explain this one.  …
Communist China is always lying about figures and statistics. The Corona virus is way more grave than they make it seem. Is The True Number Of Coronavirus Victims Far Larger Than We Are Being Told? | Zero Hedge  …
 … bruh @jayonee16 got the corona virus stay away from this frog splash lookin man
We were in an actual Champions League final months ago. Just give me the corona virus it can’t be worse than supporting spurs  …
♫ When ya gonna kill us all, kill us all? Such pretty virus, such a pretty pretty virus. My, my, my Corona. My Corona ♫
#CoronaVirus...good feature by @NYTHealth:  … 1. How contagious is the virus? It seems moderately infectious,similar to SARS. 2. How deadly is the virus? It’s hard to know yet. But the fatality rate is probably less than 3 percent, much less than SARS.
During the daily news conference on the Coronavirus doctors should be given the chance to answer questions on the disease and technical stuff on the virus.
Hate the virus, not the chinese people, they are still human.
Who has corona virus and wants to chill I have had about enough
Pakistan should do an #OperationSwiftRetort 2.0. Step 1: Claim that no humans have caught the corona virus. Only some trees were infected. Step 2: Call a meeting of the NCA.  …
I swear, yall sweaty nerds better be washing your hands. If invite is cancelled due to this punk-ass virus because you guys want to scratch your butts and play ranked all day, you're about to catch these hands.
@ejeancarroll We all wonder what you lunatics  up with next. You tried w/Gangbanging Kavanaugh, Pushed the tidepid idiocy,a man made virus is now trending, Not to mention a helicopter tragedy. Question. Are you draped in an ugly dated dress displayed above a mantelpiece?  …
Americans evacuated from China will be quarantined for 14 days, the amount of time health experts believe the incubation period for the virus lasts 
Corona Virus and you as body/mind are a blip, a flicker in eternity -not even a trillionth of a trillionth of a nano second snapshot in non local being- your true self  …
OMG! Between the virus in China and the plague of democrat resistance in all it's forms, including the lastest impeachment scam, the DOW is falling and I AM LOSING MONEY
With the #coronavirus outbreak parents are asking me how to prevent the spread to their children. Hand washing with soap is the most effective way to prevent virus spread, so here's a simple video using pepper to help explain this to your children at home. 
As the #coronavirus scare runs globally with 1 confirmed case in #India,Hindu Mahasabha has proposed a treatment for the dreaded virus infection. Swami Chakrapani Maharaj, president of Hindu Mahasabha, said cow urine & cow dung can be used for treating novel 
u know what goes well w corona virus? lime disease
To help foreigners in #China get fully informed of the situation and empowered with knowledge of best practices for #virus control and prevention, some major Chinese cities have launched foreign language support services.
Everything about this Corona Virus outbreak seems apocalyptic. Just the thought of 35 million people quarantined, more than 10 cities shut off from the world is quite crazy. This will be a story for the generations   …
Any virus named after a beer can’t be all bad. You gunna run and hide over PabstBlueRibbonanomia?
When the corona virus is being described as a plague and then u realise that the first plague outbreak was 1820 and the second was 1920 and we are currently in 2020
Why do we get everything late in Malta? Even the corona virus hasn't arrived here yet
We now have the first case of Corona virus in Sweden. And Italy has announced a state of emergency after there was several confirmed cases.
NIO and Tata Motors shares fall as China virus is expected to have a big negative impact on demand for electric vehicles in Asia. 
People from a country that let AIDS kill more people than the Vietnam War are using a virus to justify their racism and hatred for Chinese people
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new 
I thought it’s the humans in China got the virus? Why not throw them out of the window? At this point, yall deserve everything that’s happening in your country  …
You may hate the country but you can't deny the fact that many of them are innocent. Just like you, they're afraid to have the virus too. Stop discriminating and let us pray for everyone's welfare. #PrayForChina 
We face a global pandemic of Coronavirus infecting tens of millions. The first case was detected Dec 8th in Wuhan, and Chinese scientists identified, sequenced, isolated and got a test for the virus by Jan 5th. Great science. Deserving of WHO praise.
Is this not the same virus we been cleaning away for years. plase wake up I lie. When it's in plain sight they don't see 
Shrug this shit. Fear is spreading far more dangerously than Cor-muh-virus. Be the cure of calm.
Liberal in 2020: "Those stupid Europeans in 1348, dying of the plague because their medieval science couldn't save them!" > Proceeds to die of the corona virus because he thinks closing borders would be racist.
Kind of terrified by the levels of cuckery we'll see when the corona virus hits. Liberals coughing up blood while chastising you for making a joke about wonton soup.
Someone said “If Corona virus was to make it to Zimbabwe and the cure for Corona virus was to drink clean water, we would be doomed” and I’ve been thinking about that alot
racism isn’t cute this has been the only kinda funny virus meme i’ve seen in the past month and i know it’s gonna stay that way 
area con man who is unwilling to discuss 2020 capex estimates for the  he runs, more than happy to opine on corona virus -  …
These virus “epidemics” - as of now ~200 people have died among 1.4 BILLION - & how government/media report on it, is a new type of warfare - BioMedia Warfare. CHINA’s using it to reinforce “value” of TOP-DOWN authoritarianism in “solving” a “crisis” & being grateful to the PARTY  …
I woke up with the coors light virus today
you forgot Shaw, just disguise the virus as chinese food
Hundreds of Pakistani students are trapped in China. But the Imran Khan government has no plans to evacuate them. As the deadly Wuhan virus spreads, Pakistani citizens are appealing for help. @palkisu gives the 
British Columbia health officials say more than 100 people tested for novel coronavirus - 1 positive case Dr. Bonnie Henry clarifies why: the designation of global health emergency is helpful why it's important to pay attention to this virus  
8000 died from Flu this season in the  to 170 for corona worldwide. The death rate for MERS was 30%. SARS 10 % and coronavirus 2% -4 % so far. So corona is not the deadliest virus, there is no need to panic, but do wash hands and avoid crowds.  …
The corona virus is not an excuse to be xenophobic and racist!!!
Virologist reveals the science behind fight to find #coronavirus vaccine Scientists around the world are grappling with how to halt the virus which has been declared a global public health emergency 
2/2 Our current posture emphasizes steps to prevent introduction of the virus. We need to also work from a position that assumes virus may be already introduced and not detected yet. So we must have tools and procedures in place to spot new outbreaks and secondary spread. quickly
For example, it seems the virus is more contagious than SARS currently (though we don't know where it will end up). Here's  to SARS: 
I'm so concerned about the corona virus... I mean it's still not in my country but I feel like it's a damn zombie apocalypse... It's spreading so fast, and more people are dying every day.
#BREAKING US announces mandatory 14-day quarantine on 195 US virus evacuees 
*CDC OFFICIAL: VIRUS CONTINUES TO SPREAD RAPIDLY IN CHINA
A baby infected by Corona virus in wuhan, China. Pray for all of us, which are in China. 
But since it's a disgusting virus we can call it Kunal Kamra too
China just built 57 floors new hospital special for virus Corona  the 16 hours finished the first floors.19 days finished 57 floors hospital include the water and electric power and all hospital equipment. @narendramodi @LambaAlka #Budget2020 
I have never been traumatized like this in my entire life, after seen 20 thousands plus ppl, kids, men & women live inside this small filthy camps with no running water, food, security or medical treatment, if anyone of these people got a virus the entire 20,000 will be affected. 
"Shut up and risk contracting a life-threatening virus that causes a horrible and fatal disease, BIGOT! How dare you put your own health and well-being above political correctness... Racism is far worse than dying a horrible painful death at the hands of a plague, you racists!"  …
"It's only when the tide goes out that you find who has the Corona Virus." -Warren Buffett
peter Zeihan: Today a report signed by hundreds of (mostly Chinese) scientists indicates that the Chinese government was well aware of the virus’ human-to-human transmission as soon as early December, but chose to sit on that information for PR reasons.
What is a #coronavirus? Coronaviruses contain the largest genomic RNA in terms of any virus. We don’t know yet if/how this novel virus is different from other human pathogenic coronaviruses, like SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. Learn more:  
I'm ashamed of yall behavior towards the Chinese the spread of the virus there doesn't justify your mockery of them. I'm sick of the videos and memes that show them as a danger to humans. You've been underestimating all Asians since eternity, and this virus has been a pretext.
A hoax text message has been received on campus falsely claiming that a case of the Coronavirus was confirmed at YSU. There have been no confirmed cases of the virus at Youngstown State University. 
(Maria’s sister here)As you can tell.. Maria wasn’t active on this acc for while.. if you wanna know what happened here’s story.. she started saying that she cant breathe and that her throat is really hurting her how to tell.. she had corona virus.. 27.02.2007-30.01.2020
not  out of Wuhan has the virus. I work in a hospital, and we get a ton of people who recently traveled to  in concerned they're a carrier but so far we only have one confirmed case. just because someone's Asian doesn't mean your life is in danger
Anyone who reads the Epoch Times knows the Chinese Communist Party is an evil organization. The Wuhan virus has now spread throughout China. A significant reason for this is the misguided political concerns of CCP officials. Read Nicole Hao's breakdown: 
The Fed. is PUMPING trillions onto the debt market.. but unless they re-prop up crude, stocks will sell-off MUCH harder.. Just as I have been saying since the crude sell off.. but its the virus... lol. GM
Oh Great, you can catch the virus again, even after you're over it. LOVELY  …
There’s another virus stalking the U.S., it has the same symptoms as the coronavirus and it’s already killed 10,000 people 
This new information speaks to my point. If the number of deceased is 213, as reported, then with 75,000 infected, the mortality rate is 0.2%. This is a nasty virus, but it does not seem to be as vicious as SARS. #cdnpoli #cdnhealth #coronarvirus 
#UPDATE Countries tighten China travel curbs as official admits mishandling virus  
hate the virus not the people. 
I heard the Mullah from the mosque loudspeaker: "God has sent #CoronaVirus to kill these infidels. It will take more & more of them....God will send this virus to those who run the Afghan Star (Afghan Idol) program. God's anger will take you all...." Me: fuck offf
When you are biology student, but also want to be a n artist. #biotech #artists #coronarovirus #EducationDay #VirusKorona #virus 
CITI: “What we find particularly troubling is the potential interaction between the shock from the virus, already stretched market valuations, and central banks approaching the local limits of their ability to prop up markets.” (via @pattidomm)
BREAKING: Reports In the Mersey tunnel is now closed due to carona virus 
During the Black Death, responses varied wildly.  response was to just have one gigantic hedonistic orgy. Just in case Corona Virus gets bad, seems like a good idea. I can't, however, get my wife to sign off on that one.
This is Wuhan, China and these are Nurses, Doctors and paramedic staff treating corona virus patients. This is how their lives are at risk but still they are treating patients of deadly disease of corona virus. We must appreciate them. @motun_xoxo @UnclePamilerin 
Zimbabwe Government is ready to assist China if Zimbabwe is hit by the Corona virus and the cure was said to be " clean drinking water", the whole country would perish  …
When you contact a strange virus from kissing this kind of Animal you will now lie to the world saying the virus originated from Africa....
Despicable! Celebrating the lethal virus! Based on belief that only Chinese will die! Commerce secretary says deadly coronavirus could be good for America  …
Our Air India crew leaving for Wuhan. These wonderful Men and Women, have left today morning on one of the most difficult evacuation flight of their life along with a medical and engineering team. They all are at risk of contracting the virus from the evacuated passengers. 
You lot are using the virus as an excuse to be racist,pattern up. Especially non whites doing the most.
#Coronavirus has killed at least 213 people in China and is spreading to other countries raising global alarm. Read more about what's known about the virus:  
My spidey senses tell me that one of the factors for the release of the #coronarvirus was to shut up the Hong Kong protestors. The police couldn't shut them up, the government couldn't shut them up, so let's release a virus shall we?
End of January Update: - WW3 - Australia burned - People sold nudes to support wildfire cleanup - Juice died RIP - Kobe died RIP - Mr Peanut Died RIP - Impeachment Proceedings - A 7.7 lvl earthquake hit Jamaica - Jake Paul won? And - The Corona Virus is spreading 2020 Be Wildin
Congratulations to #China for how it's dealing with the #CoronaVirus. Both the Chinese people and the government are doing a fantastic job in containing the virus in every possible way. @MFA_China
Be like this Corona Virus don enter Africa o! What's our government doing? 
Just in time to reassure his base, Trump will expand his Muslim ban to six more countries. This is not related to the corona virus outbreak. They are expected to be mostly African countries.  …
At this pace there will be 200 injured #US soldiers as result of Iranian attack on Al-Assad base in matter of few days. Looks like an epidemy, from 8 to 16 then 32 and now 64... If you are a #US soldier you should stay out of Iraq, you might get the "Iranian Virus".  …
Someone please stop Chinese before we hear of a Range Rover Virus!  …
If a virus targets specific ethnicities, would you want to know?
Everyone : hope 2020 will be a decent year 2020: WW3 , Corona Virus, Brexit , and Australia on fire within 30 days
Here's our latest advice for the public on #coronavirus. The government and NHS are well prepared to deal with this virus. There are some simple steps you can take to help. Full information  
State of Wirral there Nothing do with the virus thats just how it looks 
Wow. I expected corona virus to be deadly. But I didn't expect it to uncover how many thousands of you on Twitter were just looking for a reason to sh!t on asians. If I see one  or insinuation of BTS with corona virus, its on sight.
It's a virus. Christ, you'd think we'd all be on the same side.
CCP arrested the 8 doctors that first talking about the existence of the #WuhanCoronovirus , and then they covered up the news for more than one month. Missed the best timing to stop the virus spread and now the whole world is suffering
Though this virus is scary, I don't think it will spread here in the US to the same level as China. I'm sure adequate preventive measures are being taken.
When I’m not thinking about Kobe I’m thinking about how we’re leaving the EU and when I’m not thinking about that I’m thinking about how we’re under attack from a virus 
Something that might have 1000/2 virus inside!!!
My people!!! Don't be afraid of corona virus, it won't last long because it's made in China. ‍‍‍
I did not survive all those wild nights and late night benders to get taken out by a virus named after a fucking beer!!!!!! #coronarvirus
Call me crazy/ insensitive, but deadass I have a crazy feeling that this corona virus outbreak was planned by the gov... We are overpopulated, and they have been saying this for YEARS. All I’m saying is wash your MF HANDS, & COVER YOUR COUGH.
He is a doctor. This is the moment before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Loved ones. " Allah Bless You " 
They fight Islam and Allah has send dem deadly virus, they kill innocent Muslims womem and children Allah has now befallen Calamity unto dem! China. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
Yo can I get my corona virus w/ a lime
In Wuhan,China , people are cheering up each other to conquer the virus. Meanwhile in the philippines , some pinoys want to #OustDuterte , and also some of them are praying for the Death of the president. #PrayForWuhan 
As well as sequencing the whole genome of #coronavirus 2019-nCoV, @institutpasteur isolates strains of the virus detected in France.  …
my sister is a doctor and had contact with someone who is a possible case of corona virus. the chances she has it are really small she says. but she's quarantined rn, and i wanna cry.
Corona Virus The only Chinese product that lasted over three days
Urging those alarmed about the coronavirus to stay calm. People who think they may have been exposed MUST go to an equipped hospital to get tested. If diagnosed, immediate quarantine essential since exact incubation period of the virus is still unknown.  …
I did not survive drinking shots of Stroh rum as a teenager only to be killed by a virus named after a light beer
Why is China shifting Corona virus patients to Uyghar?
yall are so worried about the coronavirus but won’t even get the flu shot - a vaccine that prevents a virus that kills thousands of people annually send tweet
Its just a virus biggot!  …
The outbreak of this virus has  an epidemic Prayers to everyone going through the pain of it May 2020 be the year we find the cure for simping
I told Eric corona virus is in Sac and he goes “good thing I drink modelos”
Filipinos are "panic-tweeting" bc this govt is  our healthcare system is basically nonexistent, & the masses CANNOT avoid public places bc our only option is  and continue working amidst the virus outbreak :--)
It is a deadly virus, I personally think this is a good move.  …
Le Cringe virus has arrived | u/emirsezen2509 |  
San Angelo hoes: I think I got the coronavirus The virus: 
Corona  round da corner 
To ahgases, i do feel bad for the situation. Ik u guys feel so bad but remember, the virus can affect us so its better to prevent than to cure. The costs if u get infected wont  to those  costs u guys paid for. Ik its a lot so we should start saving from now
APNEWSALERT: NEW YORK (AP) — American Airlines and Delta Air Lines suspend all flights to and from China as virus spreads.
Why is @CDCgov and #BigPharma scrambling to make a #coronavirus vaccine when Lysol has killed the virus since 2018 per this label on a can at work? . @POTUS 
I find it dumb as hell that ppl in the usa are freaking out about the virus when we have anti va/xxers killing their kids and vulnerable ppl every day they don't get their shots
Plot twist Melanie has the corona virus which is why her voice keeps getting worse and worse
Another new virus has emerged this one transform any skinny guy into a massive muscular hunk that only thinkg about flexing here they are the first patientes affected by this 
Influenza A - at least it’s not Corona Virus
My interview on IRNA about against new virus. 
Hate the virus not the chinese people
You don’t have to be able to read Russian to understand how stunning these photos in this piece on ‘life during the fight against Coronavirus’, are. Worth scrolling through to get the sense of anxiety this virus has created in China.  …
#WuhanOutbreak, two travelers confirmed infected of #WuhanPneumonia in a plane at Nantong Xingdong International Airport, all of passengers with this plane's needs to go isolation. flight now are being a tool to infection the virus. @Olympics @SolomonYue @CECCgov 
Tallaght will be the first place over here to get that virus 100 percent
Artificial intelligence helped provide early warnings of the virus. @hellobluedot alerted its clients to the outbreak on Dec. 31, well ahead of notifications from the World Health Organization and US authorities. By  …
How is that we still do not have hazmat suits and other necessary medical equipment needed to fight this deadly virus? These very brave people who are risking their lives for our safety deserve better than this. Govt had enough time to be better prepared.  …
If an Iraqi gets the corona, the virus will die from depression
today i walked past some yt ppl who YELLED OUT ‘corona virus’ bc i was wearing a face mask ???? and i literally told him that their ancestors were all convicts with scurvy and they said sorry lmao that’s right fck you
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
Two very dangerous viruses are currently spreading. One is the Coronavirus and the other is pedophilia virus. The latter is more endemic n as such more difficult to wipe out. Hope we demonstrate as much zeal n dedication to wipe the second one as we are the coronavirus.
Virus yung i hate wag yung Chinese people
Took the proper precautions necessary and made it to Germany virus free! I’ll be on the @Methodgg stream tonight at @meltdownCGN bar in Cologne! Photo credit: 
I did NOT survive shotgunning the original Four Lokos as a teenager to get taken out by a virus named after a light beer.
If you see someone dressed like this walk into your shop in  weeksDONT PANIC!! it’s nothing to do with the virus,Is just a remoaner that’s worrying they might get a new Brexit 50pence in his change don’t think their delicate little hands would cope 
Someone cough on this dingbat. What moron thinks we should just let a virus ravage through humanity and just take it as a regular Tuesday? The fuck is wrong with people trying to normalize an epidemic? Who is funding this shit? 
the replies are dissapointing, their intention is obviously good. and you can't prevent the virus by only using face mask. we also need to wash our hands regularly and have a good hygiene. let's just be thankful for these kind people. our government cant even do this.
Wall Street falls on virus concerns, Amazon limits losses  
VIRUS PANIC TIME 
With #coronavirus on the front-page news, it’s even more important for  to clearly explain the facts. That's why we created this #virus replication cycle template - to aid your #research &  efforts. You can access it here:  
Support medics. All the borders to mainland China have to be closed to prevent a outbreak in Hong Kong. Our resources here can't afford this outbreak. We need to stop the virus spreading here and around the world. 
"China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus are exemplary. A 'small' virus can't tear us apart. If we stay in solidarity, we have no fear for any challenges&can defeat the virus," said Dr. M. Ludwig, Mayor of Vienna at the Spring Festival Reception held for  today. 
Q: Do vaccines against pneumonia protect you against #2019nCoV? A: No. Vaccines against pneumonia do not provide protection against 2019-nCoV. The virus is new and different. It needs its own vaccine. 
Chinese people racist as hell talmbout this virus doesn’t give you a pass to be racist you aren’t supposed to be racist when there’s no disease either
Was gonna order a mask to protect my self from this corona virus but turns out that’s also made in China
'Here is how the S&P 500 airfreight sector has performed relative to the market as a whole over the last 10 years. Something worrying was happening to trade and economic activity before the virus outbreak.'  
ain’t this how the corona virus started??  …
SF9 health representative Lee Jaeyoon informing Fantasy how to protect themselves from the virus 
Dear @PGO_MV and @PoliceMv Please prosecute people who spread false information about the Corona virus. The whole nation could go into panic.
VIRUS LIVES MATTER VIRUS RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
me staying away from the corona virus but having to stan ariana at the same time 
#TheWalkingDead #TWD #Caryl Just been watching S4 whilst doing the ironing.... if Carol hadn't killed Karen and David, Karen would probably have given the virus to Tyreese ... and he wouldn't have been there to save Judith. 
Good Night Mr. Dimple, My Happy Virus, My Husband, MY EVERYTHING 
It looks possible "that the virus will inflict a lot of economic damage — even if it doesn’t kill you, it might kill your job," writes 
Measles is the one virus that will hover in the air hours after the infected patient has left the room. Little helicopters, or gliders floating on barely detectable currents. Dr. Deeks gave me a great (terrifying) short tutorial on it! The only virus that does that, isn't it?  …
Corona Virus arriving at a new country 
Virus poses stark challenges to Abe's tourism goals as Tokyo Olympics loom 
Don't let the VIRUS take away HUMANITY.. Discrimination is also a BIG NO. Don't let anyone esp CHINESE PEOPLE feel discriminated because it's not their fault after all they are also VICTIMS. To the PHILS government pls wake up!
Yesterday the @WHO declared the coronavirus outbreak a global health emergency, but it is preventing the 23 million people of Taiwan access to information and assistance necessary to prevent the spread of this deadly virus.  …
All joking and ridicule aside: this corona virus crisis strikingly shows, that the shoes of a president are way too large for a countryside mobster like Duterte. He is lacking leadership, format and determination. He is % wrong in his position. Catastrophic!
so this is the shite the Chinese have been eating to bring this virus to humans, they are pure weirdos #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronarovirus 
Killer virus and public health policing drones. In this state media video, China outdoes science fiction dystopia. h/t  …
Jake out here wiping out the UK faster than the corona virus 
One virus, and fear overtakes everyone, yet Allah mention time and time again of the horrors of Judgement Day and Hellfire, we are oblivious سبحان الله
Do they sell Corona at 7/11s? Maybe it's a corona virus...
unfounded fear is a virus of the mind. patterned thinking in the vein of unfounded fear quite literally traps the mind. thoughts and feelings are fused. that’s why you FEEL stuck but actually aren’t stuck.
Is the driver immune to the virus?
Has anyone tried drinking 7up for this corona virus
I’ve teamed up with a @SenCoryGardner and colleagues to not only urge the @WHO to include Taiwan in all of its efforts  this quickly-spreading virus, but to allow Taiwan to join the World Health Organization as an observer.  …
WUHAN VIRUS: Population density key factor with infectious diseases. Mongkok has highest density in the world: I have stayed in Mongkok for months and will return to the worst place in the world for this pandemic. There, I will find truth.  …
Here’s the real news... a virus that has already caused 550 deaths in MO this year... get your flu shot if you haven’t!!! It’s not too late!  …
WARNING CAREFUL PPL THERE’S A NEW STRAIN OF DEADLY VIRUS DISCOVERED IN CARDIFF TODAY CALLED THE DESPERADOVIRUS IF YOU’VE BOUGHT SOMETHING THAT COMES IN THESE BOTTLES PLEASE REFRAIN FROM DRINKING IT AND CALL ME IMMEDIATELY AS I’VE BEEN DESIGNATED OFFICIAL DISPOSAL DUTIES 
Instead of getting panicked and spreading panic, please refer to this WHO site. They have every conceivable information of #CoronaVirus. Myths are answered with facts and seriousness of this virus is explained in detail. Please RT for awareness.  …
*NOT AN AIRBORNE VIRUS. NOT AN AIRBORNE VIRUS. NOT AN AIRBORNE VIRUS.* This virus cannot fly! It can be flicked in a droplet from sneezing/cough. It FALLS. FALLING IS NOT FYING. #coronavirus has NO WINGS OR PROPULSION. IT WILL NOT CHASE YOU. IT DOES NOT CONTAMINATE AIR.  
People were to argue about the Chinese who've been the primary cause of the virus outbreak. But since i watch this video I realized that helping each other can be a cure to stop everyone in danger.  …
It took seeing the reactions to the virus for Asians to realise how racist people are? How cute. Must be nice.
Today: January 31, 2020 -Trump close to being acquitted -Brexit taking place -Corona Virus declared global emergency by WHO & shuts down China’s markets -XRP named in Congress Everything is normal... 
On reinfection: "People who had already had the virus would have developed antibodies but ... antibodies may not remain for long so there is still a risk that these recovered patients will be infected again." Zhan Quingyuan, #coronavirus  …
unless the corona  w a lime I don’t want it
#ABC_challenge To protect you and your family from any virus or contamination. Stand against violators of humanity, oppression of freedom and democracy. #BoycottChina & buy #AnywherebutChina products Now! Love using tissue box from #Taiwan 
people mad at got7 for cancelling their concerts because of the virus??? are y’all fucking ok????????
No that I want to sound too alarmist, but it would not hurt to have some emergency preparedness if this virus spins out of control. Could you spend a month in your home and survive? Liquids, food, energy? Something to consider.
scientists have finally revealed the now seemingly obvious cure to the corona virus: a nice big glass of water before bedtime
Kingdom (2019) An eye-candy for me! A virus that turns people into zombies spreads throughout Seoul after people feed on an infected dead body. The film focuses on an apathetic gov't and class struggle - Filipinos can relate. MUST WATCH! 
PolyU in HK made a new mask that are washable can reuse 50-70 times. And safe to use for blocking this Virus. DONT FORGET a month ago GOV and POPO using guns point to the students in Poly U. DONT FORGET the police calling the students rubbish!  …
As the first case of Corona Virus is in the UK, I’d just like to remind people that racially profiling people in public spaces is not helpful
if my cat has the virus we’re dying tgt  …
This woefully simplistic framing of the UK's diverse operational duties - which includes peacekeeping missions and the provision of humanitarian aid - has now  a dominant feature of the modern political Left. The virus of anti-British sentiment now runs deep on the Left.  …
Scientists at last found the origin of coronavirus.They say, the first victim of this virus had shook hands with a mentally challenged stand  in Mumbai & when he reached back Wuhan, he was diagnosed with this virus. China has asked India to put  in a cage
From Japan to the U.S., close to 100 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed outside China. See how the virus’ rapid spread is fuelling global arm  . See our full coverage here:  
We are up in arms about the corona virus, and we were up in arms about Ebola,  have only killed a few people...but we are okay with abortion, which has killed nearly 62 million people. I’m confused.
CORONAVIRUS LIVE UPDATES: Currently 9,776 Infected, 213 Deaths Globally Wuhan’s Mayor said containment of the virus is “severe   … via @SaraCarterDC
I survived: 2 skull fractures Heart arrhythmia (50% die) 2 car accidents, 1 deadly Mono and Influenza at the same time Bush as President If you think a virus named after a Mexican light beer is going to kill me....
Seeing how the Mightiest Prophet has struck the earth with deadly plagues - Ebola,Zika Virus, darkness, locusts, coronavirus,etc - with the same power&authority only executed in the Old Testament,hasn't the LORD boldly spoken about who's walking on earth? #GrandUltimateVisitation
Wait so the Corona virus was detected at Mass General??! If you cough around me we fighting
Israel bars land, sea entry to foreigners recently in China as virus deaths rise  …
What is the #coronavirus? Researchers from @UCalgaryMed help explain it and tell us how the world  together to control and fight the virus. 
Republic TV is as contagious as Corona Virus . Beware of it , get Ur self protected from it by unsubscribe it from your TV menu
Corona-virus (2020) Plotted against SARS (2003) Corona-virus numbers are definitely under-reported. #coronarovirus 
Is it just me, or is there something strange going on here? Both door exit man at plane and the coach drive don't even have a face masks on!!! I though this was a serious virus!!!!! 
As part of Dog Meat Free Indonesia coalition we have written to President @jokowi calling for a wildlife & dog meat market ban: "we urge you to please take preventative and proactive measures to make sure #Indonesia is not the next point of origin of a deadly virus."  …
Police in China smashed 16 automatic mahjong tables to stop villagers from gathering amid the virus outbreak 
And here  to ban China flights into U.S. This virus has already spread to at least 20 other countries, including the US -- would you ban flights from Germany, Japan, the UK? Ban flights from Chicago (where human-2-human transmission has occurred) to your state?  …
He is a doctor. This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Love once. " Allah Bless You " #كورونا #coronarovirus 
The sidewalk preacher is talking about the Corona virus today... “when  to Bermuda...” a lady says “STFU & pray about it”
This is really sad and I can’t believe I have to say this. But for those in the back: Just because someone looks Asian, does NOT mean they’ve ever been to Asia, are from China, automatically have Corona virus. This virus does not discriminate by skin color.  …
Please explain how this is motivated by anything other than the nonsensical equation of a virus with Chinese people and cultures as a whole. It does nothing except whip up unfounded, counterproductive hysteria and racialised paranoia.  …
OMG The bus driver taking U.K. citizens from Wuhan to quarantine has not got a face mask on! What the hell us going on @BorisJohnson @DominicRaab this is a  of errors with corona virus #coronavirusuk putting the whole U.K. at 
Sweden's first case of the Corona Virus has been diagnosed in Jönköping in the south of the country, the Public Health Agency of Sweden has just announced.  …
Scientist: Pinpoint 2 causes behind China’s #CoronavirusWho Cause #1: Bat eating in Wuhan, 2019-NCoV found in snakes spreading #Coronavirus Cause #2: Potential leak from a facility studying the virus. 
MARKETS: Stocks are opening lower on Wall Street amid ongoing uncertainty about the economic impact of the virus outbreak that originated in China.  
"Look, if it weren't for the Wright Brothers, A COUPLE OF WHITE GUYS, that virus would still be stuck all the way over in China. White people got us into this mess, and now we're supposed to trust them to get us out of it?"  …
there’s literally a virus outbreak that has spread to 18(?) countries rn, an airborne disease outbreak at that, and you guys MOBBED them? please give them space & practice STRICT safety precautions & sanitary regime (read: don’t stand too close!)  …
Coronavirus live updates: Italy declares state of emergency after two Chinese tourists infected | National Post. Only 2 confirmed cases, yet Italy is taking this virus seriously. Are we? We have 3 confirmed cases and 40 more potential cases.  …
Thank you, Senator Cruz for moving to shut down this hysterical, petty hoax over the President's telephone manners! This international virus crisis is real. Let's get back to Biological Disease Security! We can always return to contain the political disease of Democrats later!  …
Corona virus deaths so far: 213 Flu deaths so far this season: 8,200 Flu deaths 2017-2018: 61,000 Just a little perspective for those freaking out. Heard a couple yesterday at dinner say it’s been 5,000 so far. It has not. Wash your hands, be smart.
You can catch the flu in a crowded place. This new virus can be transferred even easier than that. What make you think you won’t get it at concerts? Postponement is a good idea. It’s for everyone’s safety.
Here are flyers we made for Corona Virus awareness and prevention in Bangladeshi. If anyone wants to make prints & display at cyber cafes, hotels or other areas, please feel free to do so. The more awareness the better. @HPA_MV @maldivianrc 
Genetic sequencing suggests #2019nCoV has its origins in bats but now is able to spread from person to person. Experts believe the virus spreads mainly via respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes, the same way flu spreads.  
"the virus has no nationality, so please stop being a racist. let's help and respect one another." © Jaxen Fuevos
Authors add: “Not everyone infected with 2019-nCoV would require or seek medical attention. During the urgent demands of an expanding epidemic of a new virus, especially when system capacity is getting overwhelmed, some of those infected may be undercounted in official register.”
Some Facts To Calm You: 1. Mortality rate of #CoronaVirus is 2%. Meaning for every 100 people infected only 2 can die 2. Mortality rate of #CommonFlu is 1% 3. Mortality rate of #SARS virus of 2003 was 9.6%. 500 times more than Corona. But 2003 had no #Twitter to create panic
“Our enemy here is the VIRUS, not the RACE” Best point I’ve read today. Humanity and rationality at it’s finest. Pray for the world.
Are filipinos for real agreeing mainland chinese should still able to go to ph despite the virus outbreak? I know y'all just concern and want to help, but not by sacrificing more lives. There's more into this —send help not make us the help!
Britain reports its first two cases of the coronavirus, as England's chief medical officer confirmed that two people from the same family tested positive for the virus  
Too little too late 4 appeasement!CCP is killing Chinese people again via #coronarvirus coverup. When it 1st came 4 Falun Gong organs harvesting, no one spoke up. Then it came 4 Uyghurs, a few spoke up. When this killer virus  Emperor Shithole's Chernobyl, more rise up.  …
JYPE decides to postpone GOT7 concerts is the right decision right now. With emergency warning has been issued by WHO, everyone’s health & safety is priority. Please stay safe GOT7 & IGOT7 Let’s pray this virus will end soon & all victims will be cured
Trump said "everything is fine, all good" Now Trump admin creates a coronavirus task force. If it's like space force, people are screwed! don't trust Trump/Amin! BREAKING:1st case of person-to-person transmission of virus in the US confirmed #OneVoice1 
If you see an Asian with a sniffle be sure to stand next to them. I may not agree with your virus but I will protect with my life your right to sneeze in my face.
Infectious disease expert Ana Ferreira said China's rapid response to the novel coronavirus is a model for handling of virus outbreaks. "The example to follow is after identifying the epicenter of virus, China succeeded in isolating millions of people to prevent new infections".
Instead of having an adult conversation with the population about the virus and putting in place reasonable policies, used effectively elsewhere, the Chinese state has gone into full lockdown mode because it knows the people don’t entirely trust it  …
Transfer deadline day and Newcastle have brought in Corona Virus. Currently having a medical as we speak. Virus will wear the famous number 9 shirt
"A doctor who told a WeChat group about the virus was disciplined by the Communist Party...police gave “education”, “criticism” to 8 front-line doctors" and yet @BorisJohnson sucks up to "preening dictator" Xi over Huawei this was NOT the point of Brexit  …
Coronavirus outbreak declared global emergency as virus spreads person-to-person for first time in U.S.  
Mga boba nagkukumapara dito e. Directly affected kasi sya kaya ganyan action n'ya. Fight or flight. Try n'yo hawaan ng virus mga public officials natin and I guarantee you they would act quickly in closing our borders since affected na sila directly same as that guy.
#BREAKING Chinese official says slow response made virus epidemic worse 
there's the virus outbreak which is even more unsafe for the boys n theyre not even wearing masks .. can these bitches stay ten meters away from them  …
Wow what an awful evil person he is. Imagine donating $14,000,000 to a virus we know almost nothing about yet, at a shot in the dark a vaccine is possible and/or would help, and then getting flamed by people who likely donated $0.
China's efforts have won international recognition. "These measures have made the world safe to a large extent to stop the spread of the virus. Pakistan & the entire world believe these measures are appreciable," said Zafar Mirza, Special Assistant to Pakistani Prime Minister.
Seeing some ahgases blame the boys just shows you do not know how deadly and bad this virus is, the concert is a perfect place to pick it up and you go back to your countries and spread it. If anything bad happened, it would be GOT7'S fault, they're doing this for your safety.
British Conservatism has mutated into a virus that is consuming its host. Its sole purpose is to ensure its own survival. Everything - national pride, the welfare of the people, the UK's hitherto stable constitutional settlement - will be sacrificed to that end.
The lockdown of Wuhan, an 11 million population city and center of the outbreak, is a very effective way to interrupt the transmission of the virus, said Mao Qing, an expert with the medical team sent by the Third Military Medical University.
Oh, the Chinese are upset about anti-Chinese racism directed at them because of the virus (because they won't clean up their pig farms)? Aren't you the same Chinese that migrate to the US and then want to dismantle Affirmative Action because it's not for YOU?  …
he got this kind of Corona Virus 
Lmao y'all think the virus isn't serious? Do you know why JYPE suddenly dropped the decision to postpone the concert? Thailand has confirmed another case of the 2019 nCoV and that patient contracted the virus cuz of person to person transmission. Do you know what it means?
NEW: The coronavirus has been declared an international public health emergency. Here's a guide to what's true and false about the virus.  #CoronaVirusFacts
Wuhan virus: K-pop boy band Got7's Singapore concert on Feb 22 postponed  …
If I sold you a Lil Durk ticket dm me for a refund, only place I can meet you is in Peckham or Tottenham after midnight. If not it’s your own problem now. Thanks
the corona virus  for me, i know it, i have weak lungs and i love tangled so,
Oil price going down, tourism taking a dip due to the Wuhan virus, palm oil price down, Chinese economy slowing down too, potentially hurting exports. 2020 doesn’t seem to be an easy year for the Malaysian economy. Time for a large stimulus package?  …
Pretending & insisting that virus spillover risk from bats isn't a real public health threat doesn't help conserve bats. But conserving bats might help reduce spillover risk to people. @MerlinsBats needs to stop misrepresenting research.  #coronavirus
The first uk city to be infected by the #coronavirus is my city newcastle I'm selling these xrp Corona virus face masks... get them fast before they run out 
The corona virus entering the UK 
Corona virus is the perfect argument against open borders!
Saw a tweet that said they released the virus to decrease China’s population and I haven’t stopped thinking about that since.
That’s what I’m thinking too...we can just pray that the virus will be under control till then
Hate The Virus not The Chinese! #PrayForWuhan 
I never thought it would take a virus to #OustDuterte!
Corona virus who? 
Surge in virus infections stokes fear in cities flanking China's Wuhan  
There are far fewer people in the malls tonight. Even the cinemas seem to be going slow for a Saturday. Again, this is a backlash of the epidemic ... of people avoiding crowds and public places that could expose them to the virus.
since this is about the virus here are some safety measures: -wear masks -avoid going to public places that are known to be dirty -wash your hands alot and keep hand sanitizer with you -avoid meat/raw food!
Someone from Wuhan was at the Saitama, Osaka and Nagoya Queen+Adam Lambert concerts. She departed Wuhan before the quarantine started. If you are at the same concerts, pls pay attention, seek the doctors if you have the symptoms of the corona virus. #queen 
China is suffering from Karona Virus and India is suffering from upar upar se karlo virus.
There are many things more viral than the "Wuhan" virus, these stats won't be one of those things. 
The virus spreading through China is in the same family as SARS and closest to one found in bats, not snakes. 
#China - A woman wears a plastic water bottle with a cutout to cover her face, as she walks on a footbridge in Hong Kong, as a preventative measure following a virus outbreak which began in the Chinese city of Wuhan. #AFP 
Maharashtra Immediately Needs Shivaji Maharaj And Tanahji To Eliminate Congress Virus And Aurangzebs Like Udhhav @OfficeofUT Uddhav Thackeray Led Maharashtra Govt To Soon Bring Reservation For Muslims, Reveals Congress Minister  … via @swarajyamag
3 suspected cases of corona virus in tamilnadu. One in chennai. Nothing to panick, all three under observation ! - @Vijayabaskarofl .
bloke in local claims he ermune to chinky virus. whips out bottle of coroner an necks it. out cold. local in shock. stay calm. try CPR. gave chest a clobberin. no good. last chance. gave carling to mouth. heartbeet returns. springs to feet. orders a round in for lads. close call
When  to a possible pandemic of a deadly virus that could kill millions... diversity is not the main goal but hey.... you do you, @CNNPolitics
All the people moaning about racism and "Anti-Chinese" discrimination instead of a potentially lethal virus that could kill hundreds of millions around the globe are proof positive that liberalism is a fucking death cult. Unfortunately we have to die with the cultists.
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . 
A team of 1475 doctors, finally find the origin of Corona Virus 
Hong Kong leader rejects calls to close border despite virus fears  
I can’t believe that the ministry actually has to state that no, the virus does NOT create zombies Then  must address the  denominator...  …
Even tho they're facing this racism and fear along with this corona virus, there are still Chinese people who helps at this time of outbreak, please don't spread hatred towards them, they're still human, let's help each other, let's not allow fear bring forth hatred and racism. 
Quite concerned about this new meticulous case report from Germany. They show that a person infected with #coronavirus can spread the infection before any symptoms & continue to produce very high level of potentially infectious virus even after symptoms!  …
Coronavirus - note to readers: we are aware that several media outlets are suggesting two people who stayed in Yorkshire recently have contracted the virus. We are as yet unable to confirm as much with the authorities. Until we do, we will resist carrying that line.
Dr. Niyaf has been doing a better job then the current government and its minister @ameenex in getting useful information about this deadly virus and its prevention. Thank You @niyaf @ADKHospital
In summary, I remain highly concerned about the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The number of cases is accelerating and very likely will accelerate further, as the virus spreads to countries with healthcare systems that are already overburdened ( #India/elsewhere).   …
The Corona virus really only kills old and weak people. The boomers are all gonna die along with the Chinese, and with them goes the property market We're all gonna own our own homes soon. 
Indian Army medical facilities may not be as luxurious as private hospitals, but when you are alone, afraid and defenceless, know this...a soldier will hold your hand and fight the storm for you. Army creates a facility in Manesar for Corona Virus  in from China. 
I did NOT survive all these benders to get taken out by a virus named after a light beer.
Corona virus is caused by having positive thoughts about the Chinese. Do not allow their natural charisma to  you. To prevent illness, doctors are  constant review of 3-5 negative thoughts about Chinese people on flashcards. Your life may depend on it!
I want the best person for the job period!!! I don’t give a damn about skin color!!! Racist much?!! Ya know we have this deadly virus that they are trying to control and y’all wanna talk about skin color?!!! Ya bunch of stupid FKS!! STFU!!!  …
My guy started sneezing after drinking beer. My other friend goes, “Corona Virus - get it”. .....Nobody laughed
6th virus case in Germany: a child of one of the 5 employees at the  who have the virus h/t  …
Shaqiri and James Milner "are close", they won't make Saturday "but then afterwards hopefully". Adam Lallana (virus) has trained as normal, and Divock Origi (cramp) is expected to take part this afternoon. No Sadio Mane as reported earlier in the week. #LFC
US Mkt & news: Corona Virus: fewer deaths than expected = Bullish Weaker economic updates: More QE & expand Val sheet = Bullish Strong econ. Update: Bullish Brexit = Bullish Trump impeachment: no chance = Bullish Plane crashes = Bullish $BA Dick pics = bullish $AMZN
Corona virus is in London and I have had to use public transport !!!!!!!! send because I feel sorry for myself 
#CoronavirusOutbreak CSIRO to begin testing Wuhan virus vaccines within weeks “One of those possible vaccines is a futuristic "molecular-clamp" vaccine being designed by researchers at the University of Queensland.” ⁦ @UQ_SCMB⁩ Well, that’s the  …
#Hepatitis C virus is the aetiologic agent of #cryoglobulinaemia in most patients. The underlying mechanism of cryoglobulinaemia is B cell lymphoproliferation and autoantibody production.  
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . 
He heard about the Coronavirus virus and was like ‘yeah I’m going back’  …
China consumes 32% of all global cotton use directly and then another 8-10% in yarn imports and then influences a large volume in other markets. This is why this Virus is impacting this market. Major hit to Global use and confidence. Ex Vietnam's top market for cotton yarn.  …
Two Cases Of Coronavirus Confirmed In UK Plane of Britons Arrives From Wuhan Talks Of Sending More Planes Out There To Collect More! They don’t know enough about this fkin virus yet & plane air conditioning is a germ fest!  …
After the Corona virus the cabal have another trick up their sleeve..that will also fail .. The Portal: End Time Madness:  …
I had  back early from my grandparents' new year celebration. I used the time to write about rural-urban gaps, the vanishing farmhouses of my dad's childhood, migrant workers bracing the virus outbreak, & the anxieties of self-imposed quarantine  …
3 suspected cases of Corona Virus from Tiruvannamalai,Krishnagiri &Chennai is not confirmed by health officials & are under observation. #TNHealth is fully equipped &alert.Request the public to avoid panicking and extend your cooperation.Stay connected for updates. #nCoV2019 #CVB
Hate the virus not the chinese.
Smashing the corona virus has hit Newcastle, if my attendance at Uni is 0% everyone mind their own business coz am no leaving me flat as of now
China just built a 57 floored new hospital especially for virus Corona patients . In just 16 hours they finished the first few floors . In 19 days they finished all 57 floors hospital including water supply and electricity gods must crazy u know 
I know that there r lot of things going on right now and as much as I fear the spreading virus here in our country, I'm much more terrified to lose my daughter. Pls, if you're type O- or know someone who has this bloodtype, pls contact me through these numbers: 09213156285
[PLS RT] i will be opening donations for the coronavirus and all $$will be made to Wenzhou Red Cross Society under Winwin's name. wenzhou is winwin's hometown, it is unheard of but currently wenzhou is ranked #5 in cities in china with 172 cases of corona virus as of 30/1. + 
Minhwan was gonna being Jjangie as a special guest, but the virus happened so all we got was this screen appearance. I will forever ve sad that virus denied me the chance to see Jjangie. Grow up well baby boy #최민환 
So I’m not a conspiracy theorist at all...y’all just sound crazy...but hear me out on this one... The people of China are overthrowing  gov...they’re gaining support rapidly...suddenly outbreaks a new virus, making the gov lock down the whole country... 
No matter how bad the virus gets, it will never be as bad as the stupid ‘Woke’ virus that  eaten any reasonable brain cells you may have had.
Chinese are working hard right now by giving free surgical masks to everyone, despite receiving some discrimination and racism from everyone, just because the virus came from them. Please do avoid hating them, but please help, pray and love them, they are HUMANS. 
bitch I’m really gonna catch the caronda virus 
Please find audio of Corona Virus prevention and symptoms in Bangladeshi  …
Singapore bars arrivals from China over virus fears 
The United States warned Americans not to travel to China as the death toll from a new virus reached 213 and the World Health Organization (WHO) declared a global health emergency. More here:  
Guys she isn't saying that the virus might never be a problem. Just that it seems odd that people jumped on this virus as a way to voice anti-Chinese concerns, but don't treat other viruses the same.
There has been no reported cases of the virus in Africa. They’re basically trying to use Africans as lab rats.  …
For all the people who are being seriously ott & stressing about the corona virus, make yourself aware of what it actually is first and how to help yourself #coronavirus 
people calling the coronavirus the Chinese Virus remins me of when europe got the plague and english people called it the Dutch Flu and the dutch called it the French Flu and the french called it the Spanish Flu and the spanish called it the English Flu etc
Everyone is worried about Corona virus but not Abdul. Corona virus spreads through human contact only. Abdul is in contact with goats.
I suggest that Jaati Umra & Bilawal House be used to house the Corona virus Evacuees from China .. Maryam and Bilawal can Nurse them ..
I had this for over two month now since I buy them in pack of 4 they last me a pretty good time. NOW, I thought the #coronavirus was something N E W but found on this Clorox wipes it says it  “CORONA VIRUS” Explain Im confused?! 
Today we are granting €10 million from @EU_H2020 to support research on the #coronavirus. We need to see a multifaceted, whole-of-government response to this virus and research is an essential part of this. 
This is how the new deadly corona virus looks like. Source: The University of Hong Kong 
oh i am so tired of being polite! if you are engaging in anti-chinese/anti-asian rhetoric because of this virus, go fuck yourself! block me if you even go near that ideology! and anyone who replies to this tweet with some fuckshit about this, may you drop your wallet in a sewer
Important report on the chain of transmission of 2019-nCoV in Germany: it seems not only can virus be transmitted before the onset of symptoms, but also after recovery. All 4 cases were mild, but very difficult scenario for outbreak containment  …
Isaac laughed at me when I said Corona Virus would be in toon in a week, jokes on him. I’m in Barca  back and he’s currently looking on Amazon for face masks
You may hate the country but you can't deny the fact that many of them are innocent. Just like you, they're afraid to have the virus too. Stop discriminating and let us pray for everyone's welfare. #PrayForChina 
Not that damn virus being in Philly... 
Hate the virus not the chinese people
Corona virus to Beyoncé at super bowl halftime nothing about #brexit on @BBCNews everything is fine jayz paid 29k for his seat .. look overthere never mind what we are doing over here
80,000 people die from the flu and you still refuse to get your flu shot every year but ~corona virus~ has 200 deaths and 6 cases in the US and y’all are acting like this is the plague.
Mr President @realDonaldTrump  the U.S. lets a hard  Maduro - financed supporter of Venezuela's dictatorship just walk in U.S. soil? You would not allow the Corona virus just walk in, this character Giorgio Jackson is as bad a thing.  …
I did not expect them to actually do this tbh, I really didn’t see  I’m sorry everyone, pls try contacting your airlines and hotels and say if you can get a refund cause you can’t travel cause of the virus, sometimes they can give a refund if it’s cause of such events
Send her this - the corona virus is killing Muslims too!   …
Also, the virus is slowly  a global outbreak, not just a "chinese only one". What's bad is when people say "but 2nd gen Chinese in The West are civilised and don't eat filth". So you're saying The West makes ppl "civilised"? Edward Said would be rolling in his grave.
NO How dare you insult the #Philippines by saying “we are facing  challenge”. #China brought on this damn virus There is NOBODY to blame but #China It’s YOUR CHALLENGE, Mr @ChinaemnManila  …
Map showing the daily growth of Wuhan's N-CoV19 virus across China since January 16th. Currently 419 localities have seen confirmed cases which total 9,944 cases, with over 15,000 additional suspected cases. With help from @OSINTHK and @abeleung 
2. there is no evidence the virus is airborne. to pass the virus to someone else you have to be in close contact/have your body fluids landing on them. in this case nobody is going to land a touch on sunggyu or have spit flying far enough across stage to land right on his face
#BREAKING Russia to evacuate citizens from China over virus: agencies 
[INFO] NCT Dream’s Hi-Touch in Osaka on the 4th February 2020 has been postponed due to the corona virus and health risk of attendees. 
CORONAViRUS is only a Virus Jesus is the Healer for all diseases.
just landed in Malaysia n passed by this big group of police officers (they weren’t wearing masks) and then they started pinching their noses and covering their mouths and used their hands to “fan them virus away” .. they thought we were from China .. y’all stupid
#FACTCHECKPH: Manila Vice Mayor Honey Lacuna, a former physician at the Manila Health Office, is wrong in saying the correct way of wearing a surgical mask depends on whether one is sick or wants to be protected against germs or virus. Full story:  
The number of people in China infected with the coronavirus has reached 9,692, surpassing the worldwide total of the deadly Sars virus 
Stream from a few days ago, talking about coronavirus. In light of news today that thousands of Australians have now been exposed to the virus, it’s funny how we pretty much knew this would happen earlier in the week.  …
The last SWS flash poll shows that President Duterte now has a 117% approval because his excellent handling of the corona virus crisis.
hate the virus, not the ppl
Did the government/media make a fuss out of the Corona virus so you all forgot it was brexit day today?
We should stop all contacts with China. The Corona virus is dangerous. Furthermore, that way we also get to stop paying their debt. 
The whole country: Do something about Corona Virus. Ibu Solih: 
Who presented #EconomicSurvey 2020 in Parliament? - #NirmalaSitharaman Which type of virus declares as a Int'l public Health emergency? - #Coronavirus Which search engine launches SOS Alerts for coronavirus? - #Google When #OscarAwards 1st started? - 1929 Prev.Ans-A(Godavari)
This is a major milestone. Shedding “liberalisation by stealth,” @narendramodi had begun the turnaround in his first term. Now he takes on the “profit is a dirty word” legacy that has acted as a virus in our system which promoted all kinds of statism, red tape & rent seeking  …
She can just crush the virus between her thighs
Per this report: A woman flew from Shanghai to Germany and showed no symptoms. She transmitted the virus to 4 others and didn't know symptoms until she was on the plane back So uh....maybe time to talk about travel restrictions?  …
Botswana registered its first ever suspected case of corona virus on the 30th January 2020. The suspected case was registered at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport upon arrival using Ethiopian Airways from China. 
A friend at a big law firm in LA shares that their entire law office was coronavirus disinfo’d — one guy got an email forward about “dozens in LA” coughing up blood, Wuhan virus devastates (some random LA suburb), even listed BCD Tofu House as a contamination site. All fake. Fake
WHAT IS REASON TO FOLLOW ME ?? 1. for DP 2.for header 3. for tweet 4. for bio 5. for username 6. for followers 7. for special 8. for interaction 9. By mistake #copied
The source of the Corona virus is unconfirmed, but Muslims are sharing videos of chinese eating rats and calling them filthy? Why haven't we shared videos of French ppl eating snails & called them filthy? Muslims are saying the virus is a punishment from Allah for... /1
Corona virus hits the UK from china in a few days meanwhile an ebay order still takes 3 weeks shipping, love to see it. #coronavirusuk
Good news! Around 5 pm Friday, 20 patients infected with novel #coronavirus were discharged from Jinyintan Hospital, a major hospital treating the deadly spreading virus in #Wuhan, marking the largest number of simultaneous discharges since the 
#China Virus Cases May Be Undercounted Even With 3,000% Surge @business  …
Wuhan Nurse reveals the truth of Corona Virus. Keep safe everyone! (ctto) 
A Singaporean caught the virus. The first case.  …
imma fixen to smack all of you over the head with a flip flop for real. task force to stop deadly virus CNN racists> yeah but what about their skin color.  …
The media really need to STOP with headlines of "DEADLY VIRUS SPREADING FAST", scaremongering is not appropriate. It is NOT a zombie apocalypse. Perhaps you should focus your attention on flu and measles. Yeah, I'm looking at you @standardnews
Corona Virus talking to you in Hindi... Enjoy... The actor is a stand  Dr Jagadish Chaturvedi, ENT specialist. - WA 
Soo the virus is in the uk Lil Durk  to the uk We are leaving the EU We are still in January Just take me back to 2008 pls.
When I'm on my death bed from this virus - if the doctor is anything other than a trans gender Somalian with preferred pronouns on xer nametag, then I'm pulling my own plug. #DiversityIsOurStrength
owo virus - video process #BrawlStars #ブロスタ 
January 2020 in a nutshell: -World War III Rumors -Usa killed soleimani -Iran bombed Usa -Kobe Bryant & his daughter died -Unemployment rate increased to 63% in lebanon -Corona virus is spreading worldwide -Mona faked cancer -& i’m Still single & deseprate
Hate the virus not the Chinese or whoever got infected. Pray for them instead.
Lasallians! With the recent confirmation of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus in the country, it is important that we educate ourselves on the nature of the virus and practice the safety measures accordingly. With this, we encourage everyone to read below about the 2019-nCoV. (1/2) 
Viruses don’t have nationalities. They don’t have race, religion, ethnicity—they don’t discriminate. This virus is like every other virulent disease outbreak people have faced. It shows human beings what we have  It should therefore unite us.
RE: Corona virus is an enormous demand shock. YES! Correct! I live in Shanghai, China. Everything is shut down, people are not leaving their homes. The whole country! This is not analogous to SARs 2003. China is far bigger and the global economy is more connected. 
Impressive image captured by @hectorretamal of a failed citizen as a result of the #coronavirus in a street of #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #virus #VirusChina  …
Myanmar does not have the capacity to test for the virus in-country, and is sending samples from suspected patients to neighboring Thailand, Khin Khin Gyi, a Health Ministry spokeswoman, told @thuttag. Results are expected within a week, she  …
WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN...? With just ONE confirmed case of Corona virus, #OustDuterte hash  trending, what more when it  an epidemic because of Duterte administration's negligence? He might really be ousted & #DuterteOusted hash might trend. This is not impossible.
the corona virus has a 2% mortality rate y'all have NO excuse to be racist on my timeline ur kebda sandwich has a higher chance of killing u
With more than 200 people dead from the coronavirus, the U.S. State Department has now issued its highest level travel warning to China.  as the virus has also been declared a global health emergency. @Miguelnbc has the 
China Once said "Niqaab" is banned Now all are wearing mask same as "Niqaab" (fear Of Corona virus) Power Of Allah 
Stop losing your shit over the corona virus. It’s actually not that deadly and it’s basically flu (via @sameerchishty)  …
Indictment unsealed. Harvard professor developed Wuhan virus and sold to Chinese for 1.4 million dollars:  …
JUST IN: Wuhan virus: 3 new cases including 1st Singaporean, total at 16  …
How the corona virus started 
Outrageous In tackling #coronavirus, #CCP is not part of the solution but cause of the problem #Magnitsky sanctions should be imposed on Chinese officials for mass atrocities against #Uyghurs, destruction of #HongKong, other grave human rights violations & unleashing this virus  …
this government is 10x worse than virus
Some Americans plan to leave China following a U.S. government advisory about a spreading virus outbreak, but many others are staying. The State Department issued a travel advisory Friday saying Americans in China “should consider departing.” 
I just want to know if Prophet Mbonye warmed anyone about the Coronavirus...also will he be healing people infected with the virus?
Sadly not true. The HSE have refused to supply GPs with personal Protective equipment and at the same want us to expose ourselves and staff to potential cases (should the  to Ireland) how does @HSELive and @paulreiddublin justify this stance?  …
Among #AP10ThingstoKnow: _ Trump trial could end soon; Alexander says no to witnesses _ US advises no travel to China, where virus deaths top 200 _ Johnson hails UK’s ‘new beginning’ as Brexit day arrives. 
I know but her father getting a virus won't make anything better. Maybe he has more babies he needs to take care of.
Gonna debunk this real quick Clorox and  the Coronavirus because it existed before 2020 The Wuhan outbreak is just a new strand of the virus that's evolved over the years and scientists haven't confirmed whether these cleaning products can deal with the new strain  …
So what happens on Christmas Island if, on day 14, they announce they’ve got someone with the virus? Do they all get another 14 days? And then if during that 14 days someone  down with the virus, is that another 14 days. Might be out in a year or too. Good plan??
An ex-colleague's WhatsApp status. She is well educated but firmly believes Corona virus is Allah's hit job on China, for offending him! 
I know but maybe he has more kids and if he gets virus too he might end up dying and baby might get better and then she won't have a father
Let's throw our science textbooks out of the window now. Shall we? "Virus exists because of music genre. " Can they ever talk sense? 
y’all  at me for not going outside all you want but you’re the ones that have to worry about the corona virus not me
Fuming. Artists never tour to newcastle. Comedians  Festivals   to Newcastle. But the first glimpse of a world ending virus and we're here with our pants down quicker than R Kelly at a primary school  …
Killing yourself so that the virus can't kill you >>>>>>
Coincidence na ba na pinalabas ang block z in the amids of corona virus. Anyway i just love watching zombie movies and this the first time they created a fil-zombie movie. I mean pwedeng pwede sobrang angas. Sobrang angas din ng credits sa huli hahaha
Not all chinese are bad, not all filipinos are good and vice versa. Di rin naman lahat sila kumakain ng bats and exotic foods, and in general di rin pinili ng lahat na chinese na magka ncov. Some of them are victims. Guys, know who/what to hate. It's the virus.
No virus is getting over that big barrier is it  …
I also urge all countries to strengthen risk #communications. Rumours and misinformation can spread faster than the virus, and be just as dangerous. We understand that people are worried: we must ensure we are providing clear, timely, evidence-based information to the public.
The virus has reached the U.K. now?!!! F*ckkkk this isn’t good
#corona #virus #AP stands alert: Announces #tollfree numbers for people to get any assistance. People of AP can call on 1100, 1102 and 7013387382 or 8008473799 @NewIndianXpress
I hope ppl realize na the battle is not with the chinese but with the virus  …
Me before infected by corona virus vs. after Im infected 
How’s that virus got to england from China quicker then the guccie belt I ordered
Medical experts in China, America and world top class universities: Corona Virus is transforming its phenotype and DNA transfection patient to patient, it is impossible to create an antidote at current stage. Muslims in Pakistan: 
Kohli in Last 2 Matches defended > 9 runs of 6 balls > 7 runs of 6 balls If it was Dhoni's captaincy , his fans with that elevation and rant's would have caused twitter Corona virus
Been reading a lot of posts on facebook and I also noticed that why don’t we start a #PrayforWuhan tag? :(( Anyway, hate the virus not the  :(( 
A baby infected with corona virus #coronarovirus 
My focus here isn't on the virus but the overwhelming reaction by states. Air travel to, and within, China has collapsed. That is 12.5% of all global air traffic. Businesses are closed regionally. Supply chains shattered. Schools are close for 6 weeks. People are in lock down.
GIVEAWAY! 3 VIRUS 8-BIT SKINS ($45) To celebrate the amazing new Virus 8-Bit skin in @BrawlStars, @Ark_BrawlStars and @NoireBS and myself are giving away 3 skins! To enter: Follow @queenxoemma @Ark_BrawlStars @NoireBS Retweet this post! Tay 2 
We are boosting urgently needed research into #Coronavirus with €10 million from our #H2020 programme. We need to know more about the virus to better target our prevention measures and to ensure better care for our citizens. More info →  
Timely report @camilla_rothe et al Munich: Transmission 2019-nCoV after exposure to asymptomatic index patient - critical questions 4 transmission dynamics affecting control interventions. Viral RNA in resp secretions post recovery - shedding viable virus? @ISID_org 
Corona Virus is moving fast.Please God save us from this one.We already have many problems in Africa. 
i want new 40 inch bundles from china but don’t want that crankdatsouljaboy virus  widdit ?? 
3x VIRUS 8-BIT SKIN GIVEAWAY! ($45) The best skin is here! To celebrate we are doing a x3 give away! Winnings set via Paypal! [How to enter] Follow : @NoireBS @Ark_BrawlStars @queenxoemma Retweet Tag 2 friends! Winners announced 07/02/2020! 
Travelers breach China virus lockdown by taking bridge over Yangtze  
DOH confirmed the FIRST CASE of Corona Virus in the Philippines. To minimize the risk of acquiring the virus: •stay HYDRATED •wear DISPOSABLE MASK •practice PROPER HAND HYGIENE (see photo below by WHO) RT to save lives! #VoteALABonMyx #SB19 @SB19Official GetWellSoon 
Sen. Go: “A meeting has been scheduled by the President NEXT WEEK with medical experts and key government officials to discuss all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus” The virus: 
duterte admin: harassment of farmers & fishermen rice tariffication law TRAIN law Mindanao martial law EJK Marawi seige closure of lumad schools corruption & poverty increase insufficient help to Taal victims war on drugs wps dispute China debt trap virus outbreak #OustDuterte
Skynews: ''The first cases of 'killer' Corona Virus''. Yes they REALLY just said that... Millennial snowflakes - turn the sound up, you will just love this. While the number of cases continues to rise, the mortality rate is dropping - a rate of 2.2%.
This is the cause of the corona virus, china needs to stop eating everything that walks, china needs standards.
the corona virus didn’t happen for an excuse for everyone to be racist against us, chinese. this is not funny to me and labelling chinese people as “sick” makes me so mad??
The corona virus is good for Bitcoin, obviously. People dying means keys lost forever means Bitcoins lost forever. This means shrinking supply, and because in the magic world of Bitcoin, demand doesn’t matter, something something moon!!!
Each infected cell produces thousands of new infectious #virus particles that can go on to infect new cells, said Prof John Nicholls, a clinical professor of pathology at @hkumed. Story by @jwgale of @business.  …
Corona virus a result of China's bio-warfare experiment, says Israeli biological warfare analyst  … via @eOrganiser
CORONA VIRUS is not a joke, God please protect my family, friends and also humanities.
. @badiucao on the mark as always. Sadly inevitable given latent Sinophobia that the virus would be used by some for discriminatory ends. [There's a substantial academic literature if you're skeptical about how entrenched anti-Chinese racism is-eg search "yellow peril" in Scholar]  …
The government says almost half of the 1,300 or so #HongKong people trapped in virus-ravaged Hubei province have called the authorities for help. But there's no plan yet to bring them home.  …
#BREAKING Mongolia bans Chinese, foreigners arriving from China until March 2 to stop virus spread: official 
you're all still pushing thru this event? its not just exo who  here in ph on 02.22. many fans from all over the countries with cases of the virus  also (note: kor, chi, jpn). other activities of other sm artists in asia is already cancelled even cy's brod. tsk. 
Woke up to - Jake Paul winning - Corona Virus in UK - My dog has shit on my floor - My other dogs shit on my floor aswell What a shit start to this Friday
Australia: Bushfire Barazil: Floods China: Corona Virus Pakistan: Tik-tok What’s happening in this World?
I hope the corona  with Lyme disease /||\_ _/¯ ¯\_
In South Africa we have a virus which destroyed the whole country in less then 26 years More dangerous then the Coronavirus It's called the CORRUPTIONVIRUS Moody's and other rating agency's have put South Africa in isolation while economist is trying hard to find a cure?
Tokyo Olympic organizers are trying to shoot down rumors that this year's 2020 Games might be canceled or postponed because of the spread of a new virus. 
Idk... Philippines isn't virus-free. Isn't it better to just cancel it? I mean they alr cancelled some shows/concerts/broadcast. This is a fanmeet and some fans will even interact closely with the boys. I hope they'll think abt it again and prioritize everyone's health & safety. 
New postdoc position to investigate the banana - Banana bunchy top virus pathosystem. @KU_Leuven @biosystkuleuven @ASPB @GlobalPlantGPC @Plant_Pathogens @promusa_banana  …
ion wanna hear none of u f*gs talking abt corona virus when y'all be getting raw dogged off poppers by "HostMasc4RN" from grindr in the back of his prius
Professor Chris Whitty said the risk level of coronavirus raised to moderate because of global situation, not cases in Newcastle. "It's a moderately transmittable virus. This is not at the top end of the range of transmittable respiratory virus'. "Mortality looks at 2 percent."
i’ve only really seen memes and negativity from other artist on social media about the corona virus. china needs your support just as much as any other country that was going through something terrible.
Chinese Embassy donates 2,000 face masks to Philippine Bureau of Immigration. Chinese Ambassador Huang Xilian says immigration officers are “at the forefront of this fight” against 2019-nCoV virus 
Stop the racism. They are humans, too! The virus might started from them, but it doesn’t mean that we need to be harsh or showing hate on them. We send our prayers to China that is struggling on this epidemic. Pray for China. Pray for the world. 
1 billion people in China. Just over 200 people died from the virus.. and everyone is panicking like there’s a zombie apocalypse going on. Am I trippin? Like don’t 10s of thousands of people die from diabetes every year .. I don’t know people tripping about snicker bars
LOOK: Students and FEU-Manila personnel observe preventive measures against the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) after the Department of Health (DOH) confirmed the first case of the said virus in the country. 
Singapore Ministry of Health assessment: "The likelihood of  transmission in other parts of China is now high. As a result, we are likely to see a sharper rise in the local transmission of the virus in Chinese cities beyond Hubei province in  days"  …
Botswana registered its first ever suspected case of corona virus on the 30th January 2020. The suspected case was registered at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport upon arrival using Ethiopian Airways from China.
ITALY UNLOCKS EMERGENCY FUNDING FOR VIRUS RESPONSE
Compression only CPR is just as effective as CPR + rescue breaths in sudden cardiac arrest -if you’re that concerned about a virus with low mortality just leave out the rescue breaths and do 
"If the virus seriously disrupts Chinese production, its impact on the U.S. economy will be like an extreme version of Trump’s trade war," @PaulKrugman 
Remember guys getting the virus is not a death sentence if you're healthy; it is spreading it to those who do not have the capacity to resist  that is the critical part.
Matter of huge concern as #coronavirus is now declared as a public #health emergency by @WHO. I urge all to take requisite precautions against the novel virus to stay safe from #CoronavirusOutbreak. @AAI_Official @MoHFW_INDIA @drharshvardhan @Nitinbhai_Patel  …
Sorry but I can't post SB19 related tweets at this time. Feel free to unfollow me. My heart weeps for those affected by the virus. If you have time, please take a pause, and pray for China, the Philippines and the rest of the world. There is a God. #PrayForChina #PrayForWuhan
love how cnn blaming china for the virus and also using a picture of the wrong kind of asians 
Our Fuses make sure to wear masks and be extra careful around crowded places. Don't catch a cold and watch out for the virus, okay? My heart will hurt if you get sick. 
1) Corona Virus and Influenza Virus are of different families. 2) Since one of the main ways of transmission of both of these are through aerosols (air droplets, possible from a sneeze or cough) a surgical mask is helpful for the control of their transmission.  …
Wuhan virus: Visitors with recent travel history to China not allowed entry or transit in Singapore  …
Chief Executive Carrie Lam warns #HongKong people not to go to the mainland due to the #Wuhan virus, but says stopping  to Hong Kong would be discriminatory.  …
Daily Mail Reader Demands Virus Test After Child Receives 'Chinese Burn'.
Eighteen passengers on a chartered flight from virus-stricken Wuhan to South Korea show signs of fever after landing 
the virus has no nationality, so please stop being a racist!! let's help and respect one another.
I'm Asian, not Chinese, but it shouldn't matter. The point is no one is just a virus and we should not discriminate against a group of people for any reason. I hope #BTSARMY can set good examples and continue to spread kindness in our own ways.
Excited to be doing this talk on another virus that filled the world with fear, on a day when two people are confirmed with Wuhan virus in Uk - and sympathy to them and theirs. Fear is such an interesting aspect of disease and disease management.  …
In Opinion @iandenisjohnson writes, "Instead of having an adult conversation with the population about the virus and putting in place reasonable policies that have been used effectively elsewhere, the Chinese state has gone into full lockdown mode" 
THE CORONA VIRUS DOESNT GIVE YALL AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIANS!
In 2020 it’s racist to cover your face even with the widespread killer disease around. Should have just taken the virus in and smile.  …
Quick #ConspiracyTheory, do ya’ll think this virus is a population control scheme cah there’s too many Chinese dons leading to a shortage of resources etc?
First cases of coronavirus diagnosed in Britain as two English patients from same family test positive for killer Chinese virus #CoronavirusOutbreak  
so the virus is here in the uk, time to never leave my house ever again
Factbox: Countries evacuating nationals from China virus areas  
We should stop blaming the citizens and treat them as if they are the virus themselves. Prevention is okay, but we don't have to disrespect others in doing so. This is NCov virus not Chinese virus. They are already struggling, let's not add more burden to them. 
We wish to inform members of the public that the laboratory results from the National Influenza Centre & South Africa reveals that the person under #coronavirus investigation at KNH DOES NOT have the novel Corona Virus 2019 disease but  cold @WHOKenya 
Guys in all the excitement of hubhomeofantis and the impending corona virus fan meets let’s not forget Chanu meeting us RIGHT NOW through Chanu Sari Don’t forget to like and subscribe if you havent 
The world creat a virus,.....then the world prepare to tackle it La bhorega neh 
The way some people are suddenly sharing information about Corona Virus eh. As if they went to the same school with the virus. At least just quote your source k3k3.
For those ppl who keeps on blaming CHINESE nationals, please read. They went here to survive not with the intention of spreading the virus. #PrayForChina 
Wuhan virus: Singapore to widen travel restrictions to all visitors who recently travelled to mainland China  
Heads up. The corona virus is spreading at a rate on pace with or greater than the models predict. At this pace, more than 10 MILLION people will have been infected by the end of February.  …
All travellers arriving from mainland China who had been there in the past 14 days, as well as anyone with a China passport, will be barred from entry or transit in Singapore, as the nation ramps up measures to keep the Wuhan virus at bay. 8 min ago!  …
"Among the patients suspected to have been attacked by the virus, one left against AKUH medical advice". Likhwa lo. This one probably thought going to a Hakeem would cure him. We are so not prepared for something like this.  …
Goldman Sachs says virus outbreak to hit U.S. and China growth  
Sorry but we all need to know where the virus cases have been found, my son has Underlying lung conditions I need to keep him safe. This is disgusting #coronavirusuk
This virus is airborne & can be spread by a person sneezing (droplets) onto surfaces. Wash your hands, don’t touch your mouth/face, & carry bleach wipes to disinfect public objects  in contact with. There is NO treatment and it’s highly infectious, everyone be safe! 
Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese.
Oh hi. Your reminder that last year as many as 12,000 South Africans died from ordinary flu. Keep your corona virus panic in check mateys.
China deserves "gratitude and respect" for efforts to fight virus outbreak: WHO chief #coronavirus  
This is how these idiots pick up virus and cause the death of many. Idiots!  …
LOOK: The Office of the President released a memorandum regarding the University's move against the threat of the Novel Corona Virus. 
The #coronavirus magnified: Researchers @HKUniversity @hkumed released microscopic images of an infected #WuhanVirus cell. Each infected cell produces thousands of new infectious virus particles. More @business:  
before corona virus kills us all, does anyone wanna admit they have a crush on me?
LOOK: #OustDuterte trends on Twitter in the Philippines on Friday, January 31, as some users criticize the government’s response to the novel #coronavirus outbreak after the first case of the virus was confirmed in the country. 
VIRUS: not a good morning, in ROC (rate of change) terms 
China Once said "Niqaab" is Banned now all are wearing mask same as "Niqaab" (Fear of Corono Virus) Power of Allah 
Corona Virus is a challenge like many past similar challenges. It must not be seen through lens of a Hollywood movie resulting in unnecessary panic&chaos.Virus will be controlled soon through vaccine under preparations.Let’s not be part of fear, panic & chaos. #NBC #coronavirus
Tbz fansign new rules: -Participants have to wear mask. -no direct contact with skin, no doodling, no stickers, any close contact, no touching of hands (no handshake no hi5) when you desperately need to sell but you scared of virus, eye contact is the only way to go LUL 
Graduates will be called all manner of names including half baked just because they never had labs and proper training equipment. But the government itself doesn't have any of the required infrastructure, skills and equipment to screen and test a dangerous virus.Who's half baked?  …
Germany has confirmed its fifth case of Wuhan coronavirus. These German cases are significant because most people diagnosed with the virus outside of China have recently traveled to the country -- but several of the German cases did not. 
3/3 ... A few pics here of the facility in Manesar. Those being evacuated from Wuhan, the epicentre of the virus outbreak in China should be back in India at about 2 am. 
As of January 31, 2020, 12 PM, there are already 31 patients under investigation (PUIs) in the Philippines for novel coronavirus acute respiratory disease (2019-nCoV ARD) after the authorities added two more patients in the criteria. One case was confirmed positive for the virus. 
French people eat raw snails and frog legs, lots of European cultures eat raw mammal meat but nobody bats an eye and it's even seen as some culture food . But when Asian people eat the same thing it's seen as "disgusting" and "that's why they got a virus"
While our response teams for potential corona virus cases are undergoing training now with an infectious dieses specialist, we are also beefing up our capacity....these are the temperature measuring gauges we got for our teams... 
I just realized how selfish I am. I'm sorry for the bad thoughts and the bad words. Our fight should be against the virus and not with the Chinese people. They are more scared than we are. #PrayforChina 
Corona virus will not have power over you and your family! In Jesus’ name, amen!
Coronavirus outbreak declared global emergency as virus spreads person-to-person for first time in U.S.  
Somehow it feels weirdly right that a deadly virus lands in the UK on the day we leave the EU.
Momentous day. Corona virus is in the UK and we officially Brexit at 11pm.
The patients in England are the first ever cases of the virus in the country
On the day we celebrate our national "independence" we get hit with a virus from China. The Gods are clearly Remainers...
Corona virus is not a joke; Lord, please protect my family, friends, and also humanities.
Really not enjoying the ‘ominous news report about virus plays in background as Britain prepares to usher in a new era’ vibe today  …
The virus is really showing the worst parts in us. The fear is understandable, but this is disheartening. How i badly want for this crisis to just end already. 
The World Health Organization has officially declared the coronavirus outbreak a global emergency. As of Thursday, the virus had infected more than 7,800 people in China, killing 170 people. All told, 18 countries have confirmed cases 
First confirmed cases of a super virus on Brexit day. I think it's both a sign and a perfect metaphor.
Coronavirus hits the UK: Two English patients from same family test positive for the killer virus #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Look I know you're considering it but please don't make the virus / Brexit joke tweet ok.
Calling for a travel ban is not racist but when we call them as a race 'salot' or 'ching chong' or attach the virus to their whole identity and refuse to see Chinese instead of individuals... Yes. That's racist.
Indian Army setting up corona virus isolation centre in Manesar for Wuhan returnees. 
Yesterday, CS Cecil Kariuki said that Kenya has capacity to handle the Corona virus. Yet they had to send a sample of suspected virus all the way to S. Africa for confirmation. What will happen if we had 100 suspected cases, hire a KQ jet to transport the samples to SA? Jokers!  …
The new #cryoEM study from Peter Cherepanov's group at the Crick and @DanaFarber shows how HIV interacts with  prescribed group of drugs, and explains how the virus is able to  resistant to the treatment over time.  …
Japan to enforce special virus measures from Sat, urges citizens against non-urgent China trips  
@ArvindKejriwal just heard the news about 6 suspected corona virus cases. Is it true that laboratory is in Pune? Why can we not have a state of art lab here in Delhi? Can you please do this when you  CM again  …
It will take at least 3 months to prove a #vaccine for the #novelcoronavirus (2019-nCoV) is effective, according to the renowned Chinese epidemiologist Li Lanjuan. "As of Wednesday, we have isolated 5 strains of the virus, 2 of which are very suitable for vaccine development." 
Everybody here is worried about “corona virus” But nobody is worried about “Deep soy” It’s infiltrated 99.9% of the population Including “social media” type females Fuck this shit
Mariya shared a picture of the patient who is suspected of having the corona virus and lied saying he is an MNDF soldier. Can you believe anything else she says? Especially regarding Indian military presence in Maldives?
Travelers breach China virus lockdown by taking bridge over Yangtze 
Police in China smashed 16 automatic mahjong tables to stop villagers from gathering amid the virus outbreak 
Shame on you Mr Pres @GotabayaR & PM @PresRajapaksa ! Why is your Goverment imposing duty taxes for import of N95 Virus Filter respirator mask, which is only precaution right now avilable to protect ourselves from Novel Corona Virus pandemic? #CoronaOutbreak 
200131 [INFO] SM超级偶像联赛 Weibo update with #CHANYEOL SM Super Idol League S7 gaming broadcast 2 on 11th Feb has been postponed to a later date due to the recent virus & in order to protect the artist & staff's health :  … @weareoneEXO #찬열 #灿烈 
please hate the virus not the chinese
On God I hope the virus kill them all.  …
Dead man lies on an empty street at China's virus ground zero  
Kenya Airways and RwandAir said on Friday that they had suspended all flights to and from China until further notice after a virus outbreak killed more than 200 people in China and spread to 18 countries.  
It took a virus for people to realize how lame this government is.
#BREAKING: Chief Executive Carrie Lam announces that #HongKong's schools will stay shut until at least March 2 because of the #Wuhan virus outbreak.  …
should i be worried as an African that Bill Gates is donating to Africa to fight Corona Virus when the out break is in China ? #CoronaVirusKenya 
Corona virus entered Pakistan. When it saw people's condition, it said, "Fuck that and went back to China."
EDG Meiko`s fifth anniversary debut event was canceled. But his fans decided to donate the money(3,600$) raised through offline events to Wuhan, which is suffering from the corona virus. #LoL #LPL . 
#HappyHardyAndHeer is a VIRUS, which infects your brain,decreases your immunity and as a result your are left with no other option but to consult a nearby doctor for severe body ache AVOID this mental trauma of a movie 0*/5 #HimeshReshmammiya  – at Prachi Cinema Hall
This is Wuhan, China and They are Nurses, Doctors and paramedic staff treating corona virus patients. This is how their life is at risk but still they are treating patients of deadly disease of corona virus. We must appreciate them. Like and retweet to appreciate them 
Doctors! Please be safe from this nCoV outbreak. The virus is not airborne and can be transmitted through droplets; we have to be vigilant esp in our line of work. Take extra care in handling your patients and take precautionary measures at all times
Sempre a fare figure ignobili Spate of anti-Chinese incidents in Italy as two cases of virus confirmed | Italy | The Guardian  …
14) SCREENING(bottomline)—because must be stopped even before symptoms, we need to do more rapid field testing. But math shows the challenge of any mass screening because of *bad PPV* when carriers are rare. Such why this virus will be here infecting us for a long time
All this Coronavirus panic makes me want to rewatch 12 Monkeys. If this virus does go global and we’re forced to all wear surgical masks everywhere, the selfies on Social Media are gonna be boring.
#BREAKING. NZ officially confirms its first case of "Ardernovirus" Early symptoms of the virus include: -Making wild promises -Repeated lying -Talking shit -Clowish behaviour -Gross ineptitude -An inability to make rational decisions MoHealth says lefties are most at risk #nzpol 
Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die. While everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it and save others. (Danny S.) 
Not wanting to get a virus is alt right? 
Imagine ousting Du30 in the middle of this NCov crisis; the political disturbance this would cause will not only aggravate the situation but would cement catastrophic certainty. This #OustDuterte proposition is a manifestation of a social virus that needs to be eradicated.
fear of their pets spreading the virus?They are the one who started the virus  …
‘Hello Virus From Wuhan’ Check it out, a special #coronavirus remix of Simon & Garfunkel’s classic song ‘Sound of Silence’. #nCoV2019 #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanOutbreak #WuFlu (Credit: 
wouldnt it be hilarious if Duterte cancels the meeting nxt week on the Corona Virus? imagine the panel: 5% medical experts, 95% AFP Generals
She'll probably die from lack of air first before the virus can even kill her. 
HAPPENING NOW | Dr. Erwin Polinar, the Senior High School Physician, discusses Corona Virus infection and its prevention. 
PREVENTION is better than CURE. Here are some useful reminders and important practices on how to properly sanitize your hands to keep the spread of virus. 
filipinos aren't blaming the chinese people. we are blaming our own leader and his administration for their  and nonchalant acts towards the spread of the virus. #OustDuterte
Interesting tidbit. Part of the RBD from the spike protein of #nCoV matches more closely to a #Pangolin #CoV then bat (rest of virus from bats. Possible   …
DC Jellery is raising a donation event to donate Mask to China that has been severe affected by a virus spread!  … Fans were surprised to find Jaejoong's name among the donors accounts, he donated ₩10,000,000 ($8,384.13)!!! #ジェジュン #김재중 
This is one of the most heartbreaking things I've ever read. I swear more people are going to be taken out from fear, panic and resultant bad policy decisions than the virus itself.
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time. – Maya Angelou OFFICIAL SET OF TAGS: #MaymayWeHeartHeartYou MayWard WonOurHearts @maymayentrata07 
10) THE SCREENING DILEMMA: so despite 80% PCR virus test sensitivity + 90% specificity (defined above), if virus has 2% prevalence, then PPV=13.8%, meaning only 1 in 7 positive test results will be true positives! Even if virus generously has 10% prev, PPV still only 44%! 
#Pakistan suspends flight operations to #China amid #coronavirus outbreak Pakistan halted flights to & from China with immediate effect civil aviation official said, as death toll from virus outbreak spreading in China mounted & WHO called it a global health emergency. 
Reel vs Real: Meet the Nipah heroes whose actions inspired 'Virus' characters. Since the state is again on alert mode, thought this is a good time to repost this.  …
It is sad when I read articles like this and see how #Chinese Ozzies are feeling scared to go out because of the #racism they are facing as a result of how the #coronavirus is being coined to be a “Chinese virus”. A virus can be contained but racism can’t.  …
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Long Winding, who was treating patients of Carona virus in Wuhan, gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from Carona virus. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusWho 
Twitter Fam, Send me your best and most based Corona virus memes
facts abt the virus i learned today in bio class ! pls rt for awareness - people don’t want to call it wuhan virus anymore because it seemed disrespectful to the people living there - the virus will die even if u wash ur hands with only water ( it’s that easy )
corona virus does not entitle anyone to be racist against chinese people, OK? be rude to those who are rude, but do not forget the fact that they need help too. wear the CORECT mask, hydrate yourselves, boost up your vitamin c, wash your hands PROPERLY. vote wisely
#SMAnnouncements: Prevention is better than cure! Here are some prevention tips for you and your loved ones. #TogetherAtSM, we can be safe and protected from NCOV Virus.  
This is from WHO. It might be of help.  … A virus is not a cell, and it is not really "alive" unless it has a host since it is an obligate intracellular parasite (can't live without a host). It is viable though for some time — still capable of infections.
No, we are not. We are light years away. In fact, that is the whole point. A country as progressive as Japan even had more cases. They could not prevent it. But they are dealing with the problem the way everyone should -- focus on eliminating the virus, and not pointing fingers.
Virus 8-Bit has arrived to take over Brawl! Which side are you on? 
Liverpool fans before the virus takes over & the league is cancelled ..... 
Dead man lies on empty street at China's virus ground zero 
Lawmaker Holden Chow asks #HongKong hosiptal staff not to go on strike, saying this will make the whole city panic even more over #Wuhan virus  …
#HSBC says 24 of its branches across #HongKong will be closed indefinitely from Monday due to the #Wuhan virus outbreak.  …
NHS providers spokeswoman on the BBC says the “NHS is extremely well prepared” for dealing with corona virus. Does somebody want to tell her how long it takes to get a GP appointment, for an ambulance to arrive, to get seen in A&E or to get a hospital appointment.
If you're  between the reaction of the PH and JP in regards to the virus, you should also have an explanation on  of the capabilities of the two countries in controlling and containing said virus. So yes, you have to ask questions about Japan. Baka
This virus really is bringing out the most disgusting racist mentality out of people, especially white people.
Travelers breach China virus lockdown by taking bridge over Yangtze  
“We are lost on (really) what to do.” - President Rodrigo Duterte on Corona Virus Napaka-assuring. NOT!  …
Why Lisa Stans don't trust blackpink accounts.. Well, as if before the corona virus outbreak y'all praying the show won't push through cos deep inside y'all jealous and can't stand Lisa having a solo project alone.. 
Total temporary ban on travelers from China is a MUST until the risk of contracting the Corona Virus  minimal.
Pilots, flight attendants demand flights to China stop as virus fear mounts worldwide  
BREAKING: National carrier @FlyRwandAir has suspended its flights to the Chinese city of Guangzhou, with immediate effect. This follows the declaration of the coronavirus as an emergency of international concern by @WHO China is so far the most affected country by the virus. 
China's factory activity stalls as virus risks grow  
I will say the amount that Americans seem to be be freaked out by a virus on an continent half way round the other side of the world when they have the daily gun death rate they do, strikes me as something a tad ... apparent.
Corona Virus is not Chinese, there's higher chance of getting jaundism, panic attack and irrational behavior from CHISMOSA VIRUS of Jover et al.
INFO |  …? SM Super Idol League S7 gaming broadcast #2 on 11th Feb (200211) has been postponed to a later date due to the recent virus epidemic & in order to protect the artist & staff's health. #EXO #CHANYEOL @weareoneEXO 
What if the virus rooted in the Philippines and other countries banned all Filipinos to step on their grounds. What if?
An immensely difficult day in the ... Corona Virus and Brexit ... view from my office makes me feel slightly better ... please stay safe today and do what you can for ... 
North Korea postpones plans to tear down South Korean-made hotels and other facilities at the North’s Diamond Mountain resort to prevent the spread of a new virus that has reached the South after sickening thousands in China, @KimTongHyung 
An Australian newspaper prompted outrage after its front page called the coronavirus a “Chinese virus.” While the virus originated in China, “viral diseases don’t have ethnic, racial or national characteristics,” a professor said. 
I ain't blaming China nor intended to be racist when I said the government should've banned chinese  to the Philippines. It is for the safety of our health and to stop spreading of the virus. But yes, #PrayForChina and hoping that the virus will be gone soon.
In Ireland up to 500 people die of flu each year, this is over twice the number of people who have died from Corona virus. This is a terrible outbreak & needs to be controlled but if you are worried about catching a deadly virus, please get a Flu vaccine. It could save your life.
It is headlines like this that are irresponsible- at present what we know is that there was contagion in a small defined group of people - not the virus spreading through the city which the headline implies - and the affected people are doing well  …
literally my white blood cells against corona virus 
ADVISORY: In light of the recent threat of novel corona virus, all students, faculty members and employees who traveled abroad from January 14, 2020 onwards, are required to stay at home and undertake self-quarantine for two weeks or 14 days. (1/2)
Main VIRUS is @kunalkamra88 that's why @ManforceIndia wants everyone to use protection against 
Good morning one & all, in wake of the Corona virus please take the necessary precautions & prepare like scriptwriter Harold Mildew (below)...Unfortunately just after this photo was taken I discovered he is a scriptwriter for Mrs Browns Boys, so I shot him.... Have a great day 
Not them thinking the producer show being postponed because of the virus outbreak is a problem for Lisa, btch you are worried about the wrong problem
Please keep in mind that Coronavirus is not a particular race or ethnicity. It’s a VIRUS. It’s possible to get it from ANYONE who has been in contact with the virus. So think again before posting anything. We are all human, period.
Is the Corona virus engineered, a plague from God, a natural outbreak or just a zoonotic virus? What do you think?
Humanitarian teams and organizations working against the deadly virus should be highly appreciated and showed more love #coronavirus 
Mahathirism really is the worst virus.
I’ll bring the corona u bring the virus
They got a buffalo chicken burrito at @tacobell now and the corona virus can take me now before I gain 80 pounds In 2 months, Fuck a jar of Jelly I’ll look like the whole Jelly factory...
#coronavirusindia Dr Tedros of @WHO repeated many times during yesteday's presser that WHO is declaring #coronavirus a global health emergency not because what is happening in China, but because the virus is spreading to countries with ill prepared "weak" health systems. 1/n 
Fighting the Wuhan virus: Important research breakthrough by @DukeNUS & Singapore healthcare partners. They have successfully cultured the #coronavirus. It will be used for developing diagnostic methods, potential cures and more.  #NUSImpact 
You know what's crazy, so many people still aren't giving this virus the time or day  …
Hate the virus, but don't hate the Chinese people. #PrayForChina
People spreading misinformation about the virus for clout then using the "social experiment" card. Y'all should be fined for that clownery.
#coronarvirus #coronavirusindia #CoronavirusOutbreak In #INDIA ... Christian Missionary have already found cure for this virus ...you can see them on stage fighting Corona Virus 
Hello folks it’s Friday, and here is your weekend poll: Is it ok to charge the Wuhan Corina virus evacuees $500 each for their rescue, or is this something we, as a country, should pay to protect our own people? Please retweet  Thank you!
Coronavirus: China accused of burning bodies, the dead being sent directly for cremation w/o official record keeping Despite some transparency, virus related facts, number of deaths continue to be sketchy and unreliable in other aspects Commie virus  …
 the tremendous efforts of the Chinese government to contain the #WuhanCoronovirus #nCoV2019 outbreak. The measures will hopefully be effective in China and restrict the spread of the virus abroad @AmbassadorZhang
LOOK: Students, employees, and guests from Letran undergo health screening amid the novel coronavirus issue. Those found with symptoms related to the virus shall be restricted access to the campus. #nCoV #coronavirus | via 
As global anxiety about a new virus rises, Chinese authorities are striving to keep 50 million people in cities at the center of the outbreak both isolated and fed in the biggest anti-disease effort ever attempted. 
The University of the Philippines Diliman security guards pour alcohol to protect its students in light of the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus. According to DOH, handwashing is one of the suggested ways to prevent the spread of the virus. #nCoV 
There’s a new virus going around 
Surgical masks sell out here because people are being idiots about the new Corona virus Everyone knows that a plague doctor mask is the only thing that will protect you
Look at the fate of Pinarayi Till last week he was leading the misinformation and fear campaign against CAA among the people of Kerala. This week he is requesting the same people not to spread fear and misinformation in the name of Corona Virus! Karma is a super bitch!! 
just found out puff bars r made in the same place corona virus originated...... 
#coronavirus killed 200 and it is declared a health emergency. #Iran regime killed thousands in 2 days and is threatening lives of 7,000 innocents and its not yet declared a humanitarian emergency. Terrorists are more dangerous than any virus. #UNBloodySilenceOnIran
Immigration figures show that about 20-thousand mainland people visited Hong Kong yesterday (Jan 30), the first day after the government closed six out of 14 cross-border checkpoints to prevent the spread of the Wuhan virus in Hong Kong. 
Newly discovered virus deadlier NCov. It's called DutsBatugan virus and it is deadlier because it may kill all of us. 
I did not survive downing a bottle of 1818 as a teenager to get taken out by a virus named after a light beer.
10k people have died this season. But let's keep up the #coronavirus hysteria. Get a flu shot immediately if you haven't already. A deadly virus is spreading from state to state and has infected 15 million Americans so far. It's influenza  …
New virus called 'feelings'. Don't catch that shit.
LOOK: A day after Department of Health confirmed the first case of 2019-NCoV in the country, security guards in Ateneo de Davao University measure students’ body temperature to see if there are any possible signs of the virus. #nCoV #coronavirus | via 
If one Filipino dies in this virus because of Duterte's negligence as the head of the state, then we all can impeach him. WWIII ain't happening but People Power 3 will. #OustDuterte
Being scared is very much understandable that's why PRECAUTIONARY measures are being reinforced 24/7 by the Govt, in social medias & in news. But on top of it all, don't let this virus scare your HUMANITY away from you. COMPASSION towards one another would still help save us all. 
#PrayforChina Yes we are so harsh to chinese people. But I think we should all pray for them and for the people infected with the virus. Virus yung kalaban, hindi po chinese people And not all chinese are bad. Lets stop blaming them and point fingers. STOP THE HATE.
So I just played fortnite with a guy who works at the hospital where the guy is that has the corona virus and he said it’s literally no big deal it’s just the government trying to keep the people’s eyes on somthing besides the election
If your cosplay orders havent shipped from china you probably shouldn’t expect them to until after the 10th due to holiday extension. The extension is to try to keep people off the streets to help stop the spread of the virus. I’ve seen several cosplay shops post this on taobao.
Honestly, imposing a travel ban now is useless coz the virus is already here & our first case turned out to be asymptomatic pa. I want to know what our government plans to do moving forward. Kaso next Tuesday pa ang meeting nila. Magpapahinga rin ata sa weekend yung virus.
People still walking around without masks in male and hulhumale even . This is actually a very dangerous virus . If you use mask the chances are so much lesser . Why take risks ? Until 500 people are infected we don’t take it seriously ?
My little brother tried convincing my family that the corona virus is in my hometown without actually clicking on the “article” that proved it.. IM DEAD 
This is the virus of the night 
There are still no registered cases of the Wuhan virus in Russia. Also, no cases among the Russians who stay in China. So far the disease seems to spare Russians.
Here are a few tips for saving yourself from Corona Virus: Wear a mask on your face Wash your hands regularly Stay home if you are sick Kya karoge jeekar bhi Keep your surroundings clean
Meanwhile, another virus has infected 15 million and killed 8200 Americans this season alone. And for this one, you can protect yourself and others effectively by vaccinating. The name?  …
People are too anxious about the Virus as if they don’t have Faith. We’re all gonna die thru accidents/heart attacks/cancer/old age, the Lord decides when is your limit. This world needs preparation & not prevention.  in his presence bc he’s in control of everything.
Korean gov (yesterday): "Eating Kimchi does not prevent you from catching the new coronavirus." Korean gov-funded "World Institute of Kimchi" (2018): "Kimchi has proven effective against influenza virus... Some argued that kimchi had safeguarded Koreans against SARS in 2003." 
the first rule of writing about china is that it is "capitalist" when it does anything good (like reducing poverty or making products we use) and "communist" when it does anything bad (like failing to fight a deadly virus or imprisoning dissidents) 
"From January 1, 2020, through to January 20, 2020, for a full 20 days, not a word appeared in the CCP’s official People’s Daily newspaper about the epidemic in Wuhan." An incisive reading of the Party's main organs during the Wuhan virus. 
god, I really hope for the WHO representatives sake that the virus isn't transmissible by butt-to-mouth contact
—The U.S. State Department set a new travel advisory for China at Level 4, or red — its highest alert —More than 200 people have died of the virus, with about 9,800 infections confirmed —W.H.O. declared the outbreak a global health emergency Live updates: 
The novel #coronavirus is officially a public health emergency of international concern, @WHO has declared. #2019nCov is spreading fast and time is not on our side. #UNICEF is working w/partners to help protect children & halt the virus now. v/ 
"We have since survived a virus from Daura since 2015. What is corona virus? Only people from ajebutter countries like America will be scared of corona virus. As for people here, we have survived the worst of all the viruses and survived so far... nothing can scare us again".
#CoronavirusOutbreak The Corona virus is fast spreading, Let us take precaution. Here’s what you need to know about #CoronaVirus . Please share, we all need to Know this....... To Save ourselves and 
To PROTECT Filipinos, this government is shortening CHINESE VISA upon arrival to 30 DAYS! Apparently, the assumption is that 30 days stay in the Philippines is safe NOT to spread VIRUS according to TATAY’s “best and brightest”! Is this worst ever???
DOH: Official name of the virus is 2019 Novel Coronavirus Acute Respiratory Disease OR 2019-nCoV ARD. | via @tinapperez
A grey-haired man wearing a face mask lies dead on the pavement at ground zero of China’s virus epidemic on what would typically be a crowded street in Wuhan, an industrial city of 11 million. |  …
How is dongie going to go back to korea now because of the wuhan virus.... The recordings were so long and after attending them tirelessly it got cancelled. Unfortunate but cant be helped i guess Lets hope that Handong stays healthy in china
NCOV ALERT | Please be reminded of the following preemptive cautionary measures against novel corona virus to be observed for the  resumption of classes on Monday, February 3, 2020. Stay safe and updated, Canossians! 
BREAKING: Japan urges citizens not to travel to China because of new, fast-spreading virus; U.S. earlier advised the same. 
Irony is when you order masks for protection against Corona Virus and they are shipped from China!!
Positive people also have negative thoughts , they just don't let it control them ... ~unknown
How to prevent Corona Virus? 1. Proper hygiene 2. Stay indoors as much as possible 3. Use face masks daily 4. #OustDuterte
Maybe soon, we can cure the DDS virus. #nCovPH  …
Dear, we already have an undeclared de facto martial law and the government is already pouring most of its resources on it—that's why we now lack funds for medical services and healthcare. If an undeclared martial law has been inutile to stop the virus, what more a declared one?  …
What some people don’t get is that the whole concept of “going viral” came from epidemiology. If Facebook can get to a billion users, so can a virus.
Time to close schools & offices for a week. Our health system isn't ready for this. But our cities are perfect grounds for spreading the virus. Before life is lost, lock down.
China's foreign ministry says it will send charter flights to bring home residents of virus-afflicted region from overseas. 
He is a doctor This is d moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat virus patients.This is a coronovirus suicide mission &many of these brave doctors &nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". Human Story is same everywhere 
“In the U.S., Google Trends figures that 57% of those that searched coronavirus in recent days searched for ‘beer virus’, while the remaining 43% looked for ‘corona beer virus’”.  …
And then Australians who are safe and well now could show the same kindness to Ozzies caught in the virus zone as shown towards those who have suffered in the fires. And drought. And floods.
As a hypothesis, it could simultaneously be true that: - the virus is very contagious - most have mild symptoms - but some are badly hit - and the sheer scale is overwhelming Even if “only” a few percent die, if it infects millions that is an enormous toll on the system.
Corona virus really be bringing out the worst in people. Yall are a bunch of racist mfers and dont even realize it. Hope natural  yo way
Corona virus doesn't give you permission to be racist
Corona virus will die soon, as it is Made in China. And, it has no warranty
What is this guy talking about? Strict border screening is in effect at every port of entry—for ALL  travelers. Bureau of Quarantine is on high alert. For virus carriers who are already in PH, there is surveillance system in place; that’s how the 1st case was detected.  …
Dead man lies on an empty street at China's virus ground zero 
INFORMATION REGARDING CORONA VIRUS I just got off the phone to a mate who works in customs at sydney Airport..he said there is a HUGE influx of Chinese fleeing to Australia.. airlines are INCREASING their flights.  here full & go back empty to pick up more
“Indonesian medical laboratories lack the testing kits needed to rapidly detect the Wuhan coronavirus...and the virus may already be present in country despite government claims of no infections.”  …
man, i hate this virus.
Asian currencies arrest slide as WHO confident in virus response  
The New corona virus is now a global outbreak. Help spread @WHO ‘s myth busting:  … There’s no cure, but most infected survive & should get treatment in quarantine. If it reaches the poorest countries, on Level 1, health systems will quickly get 
This video of health workers sleeping after working round the clock to help corona virus victims breaks my heart These people are heroes and I hope this tragedy ends soon 
If you use #AVAST anti-virus software you should remove it immediately & make sure you also uninstall "Jumpshot" which is their side loaded software that installs by default that sells your data to 3rd parties. #TechTip #Security #Windows10  …
I think my lady neighbour is suffering from corona virus. I heard her screaming yesterday night. Corona...corona...aur corona
China has responded at lightning speed to the virus that has struck Wuhan. Despite impressive efforts to contain this disease, it is a human tragedy no one could have expected and we in Pakistan stand by our all-weather friend in this moment of trial. Stay strong @CathayPak
If the Wuhan virus originated in bats, it will be one of many that the animals tolerate without ill effect, perhaps because of an unusual immune system. 
SM超级偶像联赛 Weibo Update Huya gaming livestreams will be postponed due to the virus to protect the staff and those involved 
Never before has a virus looked so... gamified? #coronavirus live analytics are impressive and a little scary:  
. @UPMindanao researcher Lyre Anni Murao said after a 3-year study, a virus was found in the long-tongued nectar bat. She noted that it doesn’t necessarily mean the virus found is a threat. “There’s no evidence yet that they can be linked to human cases.”  …
Given the rapid global spread of the nCoV-2019 virus the world needs to act quickly & in unity to tackle this disease @CEPIvaccines has engaged CSIRO to help determine the characteristics of the current virus - a key step in developing a new vaccine.  …
Virus outbreak pushes China's stretched health care workers to breaking point via  …
We came back from hiatus to do a special episode on the new #coronavirus. The virus is spreading...but so is misinformation. Get your facts...here. Now!  …
Wuhan virus: Who needs to wear a mask and what's the proper way to wear it?  …
placing bets that the Philippines is #2 most cases of Conrona virus by nxt wk . whos in?
Coronavirus could spread on surfaces: World Health Organization. There is evidence that the coronavirus 'can also be spread via fomites - when the virus survives on inanimate surfaces for a short period of time,'  …
population to this highly contagious virus puts many socioeconomically challenged citizens AT RISK ANOTHER FACT: Entry of this virus puts the IMMUNOCOMPROMISED POPULATION AT RISK, not everyone who gets the coronavirus are able to mount a good immune response. 3/4
I agree. Not wanting to die from coughing up blood for 48 hours is a clear indication of racism. I for one embrace my virus overlords and  the diversity of health they bring to civilization.
PEOPLE WHO KEEP DEFENDING THE DECISION OF THIS GOVERNMENT REEK OF PRIVILEGE and I hope this reaches you. FACT: the NCoV is not highly fatal. The Flu Virus has claimed more lives ALSO A FACT: Controlling the entry of sources of the virus was STILL NEEDED bc the Philippines 1/4
Are some of you really willing to get the corona virus to not be called a racist?  …
CRAZY COVER UP? A growing number of reports from inside and outside Wuhan suggest a case of SYSTEMATIC COVERUP and NEGLECT by CHINESE authorities —the VIRUS was detected plus 40 days ago in early December! Truly AUTHORITARIAN regimes can be such a DISASTER, since no TRANSPARENCY!
jake paul has got fuckin corona virus ahahah wearing a gas mask
U.S. State Department warns Americans against China travel over virus  
There are no meds and no vaccines available as yet to treat the Corona Virus .So , Wash your hands . Wash your hands . Wash your hands. Wash your hands. AND Wash your hands . #CoronaOutbreak
With number of reported deaths reaching 170 and 7700 confirmed cases, @WHO declares #CoronavirusOutbreak a global health emergency! India is among the top 30 countries at "high-risk" from the virus.  …
After nearly 2 months since #coronarvirus reported: mortality 2%; Hospitalized death and recovery almost similar now. Only 1% infected outside China, 0 mortality. Virus hasn't mutated, steady infection progress, similar to bad FLU. @WHO declared PHE, but am not convinced !
virus... but make it corona
We call on Malacanang to immediately appoint only one official spokesperson to speak on behalf of the government in matters relating to policies, advisories, guidelines and other information about the novel corona virus. 
Guys, all the remaining We Will Rock You musical are cancelled due to Corona virus outbreak They will do full refund to all who purchased tickets.. Pls take note if you planned to attend the remaining shows #YooHweseung #유회승 #횡승잉귕영웡 #NFlying #엔플라잉 
200131 MX Talk Tok [MONSTAX_SHOWNU] I took it too ㅋㅋㅋ Monbebe, have lunch well and be careful with virus!! 
A grey-haired man wearing a face mask lies dead on the pavement at ground zero of China's virus epidemic, a plastic shopping bag in one hand. #coronavirus #nCoV FULL STORY:  
-Asian stocks after a six-day losing streak on virus concerns -U.S. futures -Oil, gold -Amazon tops $1 trillion market cap after earnings pop  
200131 Shownu on fancafe I also took the photosㅋㅋㅋMonbebe, make sure to eat your lunch and be careful of the virus!! 
200131 MX TALK TOK SHOWNU I also got my picture taken ㅋㅋㅋ Monbebes, eat a good lunch and be careful of the virus!! 
200131 SN Talktok I also took a photo ㅋㅋㅋ Monbebe take care of lunch and be careful of the virus!! 
OMG SHOWNU POSTED THIS IN FC SAID HE TOOK PICTURE OF THIS TOO and asked everyone to be careful of the virus~ 
We should be very concerned as should China and how the origins of  in a report today I saw the virus my  with Bats  …
Virus should not divide us.. If SVT concert sched  to a halt, we should openly accept it for our own and the boys and staff safety. If they will continue, then we should do our part. We have options to go or not to. Keep safe and pls lets understand each other 
Let’s spread the #XRP virus
And what exactly does race have to do with fighting a deadly virus? Also, as long as @CNN wants to play quota games: why does the network have a grand total of 1 minority anchor across all the weekday shows? And, not one Hispanic? Colorless News  …
Amidst all those negative vibes, why not pray to the Chinese people? To those who are infected and/or under observation? To those countries who are doing their part to beat the virus? End racism. Be safe at all times. #PrayForWuhan #PrayForTheWorld (ctto for the 
I felt bad somehow for the Chinese people it feel like they were condemned. More than anyone else they really need help. But seems like some people are looking at them like they r the virus themselves. It must be devastating to feel in danger & being cursed at the same time.
Okay! Here is first #FIVfactfriday! We start small since some know about FIV and some not. FIV stands for Feline Immunodeficiency Virus. Similar to hoom HIV. It weaken cates immune system so dems no can fight off infection and desase! All question  welcone #FIVcatsclub
#China to dispatch charter flights overseas to bring its citizens from Hubei Province-esp. #Wuhan-back home due to practical difficulties faced abroad, Foreign Ministry says. Chinese from #virus hot zone rejected from flights at int’l airports, had flights canceled, state media.
[INFO] 200131 YGE confirmed the Lisa won't be flying to China due to Corona Virus outbreak in the said country. Keep safe everyone #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Starship announced that WJSN fansign in Guangzhou, China on March 1st will be postponed due to Corona Virus. 
This masks can help from contaminating with the virus 
In a bold opportunistic move the Abe administration is seizing upon their botched handling of corona virus to insist JAPAN needs a new constitution which would give the Prime Minister the power of a dictator—to handle the problem. It’s a plan modeled on Hitler’s rise to power  …
Hey #CNN, Instead of race-baiting, Ask the Victims of the virus if they care whether the person who finds the cure is Black, Asian, Latino, or Middle Eastern. 
Pilots, flight attendants demand flights to China stop as virus fear mounts worldwide  
And CDC estimates that so far this season in the US there have been at least 15 million flu illnesses, 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths from influenza virus. Get vaccinated!  …
Do products imported from China carry the risk of carrying the coronavirus if the products  in contact with ppl having the virus?
I agree that people should stop the anti chinese propaganda, BUT wild animals are a reservoar for foreign virus hun.. they are not safely regulated like farm animals..
This is major mismanagement & ineptitude. If the Premiers are not being updated on people arriving in Australia then it’s a serious clusterf..k by @ScottMorrisonMP’s govt. it’s unbelievable but not surprising, if that makes sense. This virus has the potential to touch everyone.  …
corona virus? i don’t even drink beer
wait virus geometry is actually cool as hell 
