Interesting It seems to me the virus could be simultaneously deflationary and inflationary depending on the product in question. The demand side shock could deflate things like consumer durables for example, but at the same time drive up food prices and pharmaceuticals.
Inter Milan's Serie A game tomorrow has been postponed amid coronavirus fears. The Italian government has called off a number of sporting events after a second person died from the virus. In full:  
Recovered patients can  infected again, the second infection is more lethal. It makes no sense to talk about those recovered when a second infection is possible, those recovered are not immune. The virus mutates / evolves.
"I've been infected by the virus, haven't I?" Carlos: @UBCSMercenary  Filmed by:  … Jill:  #ResidentEvil #JillValentine #CarlosOliveira #Cosplay 
#coronavirus A woman has tested positive for the new coronavirus after disembarking from the quarantined cruise ship. On Feb 14, the woman on the ship tested negative for the virus. She got off the ship on Wednesday after the 14-day quarantine period ended  …
b/c virus is causing both SUPPLY AND DEMAND disruptions, mkt price distortions are occurring i.e. ships unable to pick up cargo in China creates surplus ships in Pacific & shortage in Atlantic. Result: freight rates in Pacific pushed and in Atlantic. This is just 1 example.
Don’t forget your third hand, your cell phone. “we demonstrated the presence of RNA of epidemic viruses such as rotavirus, influenza virus, syncytial respiratory virus, and metapneumovirus on mobile phones (professional and personal) held by HCWs.”  …
Update from Italy: 79 cases + 2 deaths. #COVID19 is spreading fast. Govt just issued a decree that allows Ministers to lock down cities if necessary. They still have no idea how the virus entered the country #coronavirusitalla @DrEricDing @hectorology @fangshimin @jenniferatntd
Trump is obviously hiding information on Russians invading. He thinks the virus will just him in election. So is he HIDING VIRUS INFO??? if he is that’s very very bad. We must know truth !!
Happy 8 years for our happy virus, our beloved and talented boy Park Chanyeol. Thank you for your hard worked and your time. We love you Chanyeol-ah, please always be happy and stay healthy baby 
#BREAKING China's Hubei province reports 96 new virus deaths, according to government 
"Cancellations of soon to arrive shelter volunteers (including flight volunteers) is affecting our schedule... The #virus continues to spread. It's the local church that spread the virus and it's going to be over 500 by today"  …  
#coronavirus having widening impact on sport. Three of Sunday’s Serie A matches just postponed following deaths in Italy from the virus
The Wuhan Virus has an incubation period of at least 38 days, not 14. Until China is honest with the world about this virus, we are facing a pandemic that will kill far more people than it needs to. And, rest assured, the outrage from victims & their gov’ts will only grow. 
The corona virus emergency, the suspended games in Italy and the  up in June. Not sure Italy will manage to cope with all this
Take this with a huge grain of salt, the fact they reported 29 cases and 6 deaths in 48 hours probably means there are A LOT more people with the virus, our guess is they are unable to test mild and asymptomatic cases.  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
Today i learned about another vaccine/Pharma whistleblower that says contaminated vaccines with a monkey virus has sickened millions with various diseases including cancer. 
Oh boy. I'm only 1.5 hours away from the latest Corona virus outbreak here in Italy. People are not allowed to enter or leave affected areas. Towns are in lockdown. Schools and shops are shut down. I've stacked food, supplies, face masks and gloves today. It's happening
CDC briefing 22 Feb- Nancy Messonnier, “I want to be clear, anyone released from 14 day quarantine is NOT at risk for spreading virus.” WRONG, facts show infected can be asymptomatic for 27 days. 
Turk State will probably start acting when no longer only Kurds are victim of Corona Virus but when Turks get infected.  …
the qt replies need to shut up, y'all acting like the virus spread in sk isn’t increasing more n more everyday and the girls have a huge international fanbase that's where the most of the views and  from y'all are so fckn dumb, get a life  …
Wondering if negative results refer to PCR (direct virus detection) or antibodies). PCR could be negative 2-3 weeks after illness (or mild symptoms) #covid19  …
The cost of being swindled at the 2019 election is incalculable given the consequences of this weak economy & catastrophic bushfires as well as mismanagement of corona virus.
Italian towns shut down amid cluster of virus cases  
72h #gamejam finished surprisingly well. Meet 'VIRUS,ZIP.exe', an anti-runner game about stopping an #AI-controlled virus by deploying traps and obstacles before it's too late. Play!  #gamedev #indiedev 
If the virus hit California's homeless population we are screwed.  …
Coronavirus Outbreak: 77,985 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS VIRUS COVERAGE  …
Wow, shows you how serious this virus really is. #COVID19  …
At the meet and feet: don’t touch her, don’t hug her don’t do anything. LIKE WTF CALM DOWN I DONT HAVE CORONA VIRUS
Iranian students “We dont want to die” The govt of #Iran forced Drs to coverup the spread of #coronavirus, even aftr witnessing death& destruction caused by deception  virus by suppressing data,sending masks to China,&flights to/frm China 
It would be exceptionally surprising if the virus didn't make it here. Have you prepped for extended work-from-home arrangements? They may  necessary.  …
COVID-19 is not the scariest virus, Donald J Trump is. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
Guys there’s this new virus called “feelings.” Don’t catch that shit.
So, locusts taking over certain Countries, bats taking over towns in Australia, they say biblical proportions....Virus spreading....HOWS THAT 5G GOIN?
I wish that were true, but what you are going to see happen is investment in other nations and spreading the risk around. And if the virus gets worse, you will see more robots and automation like Tesla's gigafactory.  …
the real virus was the growth of world trade all along
I really don’t want bts to go to South Korea... not right now until the corona virus is gone I’m so scared for k army and bts :(
I agree that it is very sad. We have been infested by the Torykip virus and it will take a lot of time and patience to be rid of it.
no country in this world has capacity to detect or contain this virus including richest countries,due to the fact of current detect method limitation and potential pandemic scale.the only thing government can delay is to block the influx of travellers asap.
They are everywhere in the UK, every day a new case is reported, it's spreading like a deadly virus!  …
LeMSIC is determined to support all efforts that aim to fight the spread of COVID-19 across Lebanon. In alignment with the work of the MoPH we aim to increase awareness on this new virus. @mophleb @Hamad_hassan20 “Stay alert, not  …
When you build an authoritarian system predicated on suppressing the truth, the leaders often don't know what's actually going on. Like when a deadly virus is about to cause catastrophe.  …
If you think China wasn't prepared for a virus outbreak, wait until you see other countries.
18 South Korean pilgrims confirmed with Coronavirus + Israel bars tourists from South Korea over virus concerns  
Inter - Sampdoria tomorrow seems to be suspended due to the Corona virus outbreak in Milan
1/3 #COVID19 is a serious public health issue and there is a possibility that the virus is present in countries that may not have the capacity to detect or contain the virus.
ITALY TO BAN TRAVEL FROM CERTAIN VIRUS AFFECTED REGIONS: CONTE
If the virus did originate from a lab, infecting potentially millions of its own population in an effort to take out like 2 south koreans is an extremely china approach to warfare
Unbelievable! Chinese killing the couple on sight by cramming them into small box where they can’t continue life. #chinese #china #virus #coronovirues #coronoavirusoutbreak #WuhanCoronavirus #uighur #uighurlivesmatter #uyghurlivesmatter 
Just putting this out there, but what if the real virus we face is the virus itself?  …
Because of Corona virus cases in Iran, Pakistani authorities should be alert in border areas of Balochistan!  …
#DiamondPrincess did no ID preventive measures. 1 Feb: HK guest was confirmed INFECTED with the virus 3 Feb: Yokohama port 4 Feb: Party as usual (Dance, Theater, Cinema, Games and  Concert, Karaoke, Festival, etc.) 5 Feb: Quarantine Start 
Anyone who has been in contact with a Corona patient or someone who is suspected of being infected with the virus, and who has symptoms such as fever, cough, or other respiratory symptoms, should call the MDA 101 #Emergency Call 
Italy towns on effective lockdown after death, virus cluster. 
"The study believes that patient zero transmitted the virus to workers or sellers at the Huanan seafood market. The crowded market facilitated the further transmission of the virus to buyers, which caused a wider spread in early December 2019."
Question: Is there anywhere that quarantine efforts or other to contain the virus have been effective? The answer is no. This is already far worse than SARS & it’s still escalating. Also, I believe that the worst months for SARS were March & April.  …
Will the Corona Virus potentially impact this years WSOP in Vegas??
 … Belarus is a small country with only 9.4m population. In order to help  the virus, their gov donated 20 tonnes of humanitarian aids to Wuhan. 
The Iranian people have very little chance of surviving the corona virus! Please take action before a human disaster occurs @WHO #HelpIranCoronaWHO
In Diamond Princess, 634 confirmed cases have been identified by Feb 22, 2 died and 27 are serious/critical. This is PURE SCANDAL to have confined in Japan uninfected tourists with infected ones without any of the current standards to protect persons against this deadly virus.
Buy antivirus face mask now, Corona virus situation is getting worse, be prepare.... be wise about it. 
World Health Organization (WHO), the epidemic is approaching a tipping point, says virologist Marion Koopmans, one of the world leaders in virus spread research.
. So,...... Might we be a virus to the Earth? Sunscreen pollution accelerating demise of coral reefs, experts say - ABC News  …
(Bloomberg) The U.S. raised travel warning to Japan as Iran, Italy & South Korea all reported additional coronavirus deaths. Virus spread outside China stoking fear that window to prevent pandemic closing. The WHO: Iran situation “very worrisome” due to lack of direct China link
Streets are deserted as residents were warned to stay inside in Codogno, Lombardy. Six people in the town have tested positive for coronavirus. Two have died from the virus in the region. Italy Town Shuts Schools, Cafes as 6 Test Positive for Virus  
Twitter keeps on forcing me to unfollow corona virus twitter users @IsChinar and @ttingxiao. Both days I have to follow them again.
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
Here's the latest on the coronavirus: - The U.S. has raised its warning on travel to Japan. - Italy is racing to contain the spread of the virus. - New tallies on deaths and cases will be released in the next few hours. 
FAKE pandemic and TRUTH in headlines. The only pandemic is the collapse of the GLOBAL DEBT economy. How do you hide the panic of economic ruin? Blame a virus.  …
California Tells 7,600 People to Self Quarantine Because of Virus #Breaking #News #Coronavirus #Update #California #China  …
Man shows coronavirus symptoms 27 days after being infected Gosh is this virus only air borne. Does it live for weeks. Hair etc. Too many people. Did it escape from a lab? We don’t catch the flu normally just because one person in a crowd has it, do we?  …
FAKE pandemics and FAKE economics. How do you explain away the failure of a GLOBAL economic system built on Trillions of FAKE dollars and Trillions of unsecured debt? Blame a virus.  …
What does a FAKE pandemic due with DEBT payments? What are the odds that China's over-leveraged DEBT economy has its payments due right in the middle of a FAKE pandemic? Blame a virus.  …
The virus is an enormous deal and underscores the inherent fragility of a global supply chain. Any long-term response to the shutdown of the world's factory that doesn't entail bringing back critical manufacturing capacity to these shores is misguided  …
It’s not misunderstood. Bernie failed to launch an independent socialist party after multiple tries so he latched on to the Dem party like a virus & tried to make it over. If he wins to nomination we will lose in 2020, but hopefully we’ll finally be rid of Bernie.
This is bad news for S. Korea & the U.S. military . It’s easily conceivable with this type of a jump in cases S.Korea could get hit very hard by the Corona virus.  …
So last night my daughter and I went to our fave Hong Kong style eatery to see if business was good as usual or bad due to virus fears . We turned up to an empty restaurant with the staff eating only at a table . We sat and ordered . Then more customers quickly came on seeing us
California tells 7K people to stay home because of new virus  …
No, this is not a new virus. This is all the 5 million people who left wuhan before the shutdown. These folks ran all over the world and now we are seeing more cases outside of china
 to other virus outbreaks. 
The Virus Is Interrupting Supply Chains From Watches to Lobsters  …
Folks: stop harassing Scott Snyder for getting Dan DiDio fired due to Rich “I am not a journalist” Johnston’s gossipy garbage. If it hasn’t been made abundantly clear by now, that guy and that site is purely around to give  a virus. There is no love  there.
One angle that few people are considering as far as Coronavirus is that it will drastically reduce the appeal of globalism. As this virus spreads there will be an even larger push towards decentralizing, growing national supply chains,  and relationships.
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
#Iran is also  a major epicenter for the virus as well @SenTomCotton. The Islamic Republic has been hiding the truth
Pray for South Korea . The Corona virus covid 19 is no joke as we've witnessed in China. Hopefully the authorities aren't in a state of denial about this pandemic. 
10/ ... contagious illnesses, including coronavirus." On February 2016, New South Wales Health confirmed that 158 passengers and crew members caught the "contagious virus" while on board Carnival Australia's megaliner, #DiamondPrincess. You have the experience of...
Please tell me when someone translates this somewhere in there one of them says "How the fuck could they let us all go out to vote knowing how dangerous this virus is and not warning us".  …
He called for a 21 day quarantine on Americans returning after being exposed to Ebola, a bloodborne pathogen, but brought back people exposed to (and testing positive for) a highly-contagious airborne virus.  …
#Shattaberry you do all welldone gal @shattawalegh @virus_wale @visaboyy @SonJnr @jayden_wap @sm2daworld @WizlaFinito 
#CoronaVirus Everyone is taking personal hygiene seriously after the Corona-Virus. 
We must also recognize that the spread of the virus is now inevitable  …
Jeff Goldblum using a Mac to give an alien spaceship  virus in Independence Day.
The students of Beheshti University are protesting in demand of cancelling all classes bc of #corona risk. In some cities also there were some protests against lack of transparency from regime. @WHO should know that regime is incapable of stopping virus spread. Strikes needed... 
When all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail. Just boost liquidity and push asset prices higher. Nothing bad can happen, right.......... ⁦ @DiMartinoBooth⁩ Xi Pledges Easier Monetary Policy for Economy Pummeled by Virus  …
First death in Italy of the #SARSCoV2 virus. That happened fast - we didn’t even know of much of an outbreak in Italy before two days ago.  …
Wash your hands but also careful of your: “we demonstrated the presence of RNA of epidemic viruses such as rotavirus, influenza virus, syncytial respiratory virus, and metapneumovirus on mobile phones (professional and personal) held by HCWs.”  …
So the CCP's strategy now is to troll other countries who are suffering outbreaks of a virus they hid for weeks. And trolling on the basis that these countries shut down travel and trade to avoid the very virus they're now being trolled. Why do we do business with China again?  …
The new terrorist Revolutionary  Esmail Ghaani has been infected with the fatal virus Corona. 
Patients with infectious diseases must generally be in an isolated bed. The virus that causes the infection must not leak out. So your parents cannot use the shower. Diamond Prince belongs to the UK. A British passenger ship  to Japan.
The spread of the new #coronavirus has intensified around the world with Iran, Italy, Lebanon all reported new deaths from the virus. 
Research: Virus did not originate at Wuhan market  …
Robert R. Redfield American CDC director says the spread of the coronavirus is impossible to contain in China at this stage. "The virus right now is not under control in China". #coronavirus 
2. @CDCgov has also issued a Level 2 travel alert for South Korea, which went from 30 #COVID19 cases Monday to 433 on Saturday. Level 2 alerts are aimed at people at high risk of serious illness if they contract the virus. The advice: Postpone travel if possible. 
Talesh, Gilan, #Iran The ppl are protesting against the regime's coverup of #coronavirus and its inactions to stop the virus from further spreading, and the regime is answering back with force 
“‘This virus is going to be very difficult to contain,’” said Jeffrey @JeffreyShaman. ‘Personally, I don’t think we can do it.’ Harvard epidemiologist Marc Lipsitch estimates that 40-70% of the human population could potentially be infected by the virus.”  …
Students at Medical science university R protesting against the regime's silence about #coronavirus Khamenei's regime did not announce to the public that the virus is in #iran & it has spread vastly, already killing 2 in Qom (although locals say it's 12)  …
'I recently asked some investment managers how they might immunise their portfolios against fallout from China’s coronavirus. "I wouldn’t," one scoffed, "the virus is temporary."'  …
3 points of concerns wrt Corona Virus: 1. Corona virus cases showing up around the world with no epidemiological link at all - Iran 2. CDC found that the corona virus was viable in feces 3. Corona virus found in patient's urine
3) “For example, one of the coronaviruses that the researchers found was a very close genetic match for the SARS virus. So they put it in a petri dish with human cells. The virus succeeded in infecting the cells.” #COVID19
Man previously thought to be 'patient zero' in Italy's outbreak never had the virus, deputy health minister says. It's now unknown how the outbreak began - La Repubblica
The Virus Is Interrupting Supply Chains From Watches to Lobsters  
Carl Goldman is an American who was quarantined on a cruise ship in Japan due to the #coronavirus. Now back in the US, he has tested positive for the virus. But his spirits are high: “This has been a long journey,” he says - @NBCNewsNOW  
'A 70-year-old man in China’s Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus’ incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.'  …
When people say countries with weak health systems are most vulnerable, this is what they mean. Iran has a mortality rate of  to about 2% in China & even less in other regions. Now imagine a Corona Virus outbreak in a country like Kenya, Ethiopia or even DRC!  …
#Iranians riot in the city of Talesh after the regime quarantines a hospital in the city due to Coronavirus. The regime has kept #Iranians in the dark about Coronavirus for weeks, contributing to the virus’ spread throughout 
This thread is a #COVID19 must-read. I agree with @kakape -- I have been saying for weeks that we are in a pandemic, regardless of whether or not @WHO officially so-dubs the epidemic. Any government not busy preparing for this virus is negligent, at the very least.  …
This is Iran shahar سیستان Balochistan, Corona virus entered in Balochistan now what Pakistan government do for Rich Balochistan and there poor people. 
Coronavirus is set to destroy clothing brands such as Gucci, Coach, Kate Spade, Under Armour, Adidas, Puma, etc., who all have their main factories in China. Those factories have now shut down because of the virus. But I don't care. I buy American.  …
Almost All Patients in South Korean Psychiatric Ward Have Virus  …
Parenting observation: Using a Nose Freida on a sick child is like mainlining the virus.
The fruits of lying Political Correctness are death, diseases and stupidity. Better add the corona virus to this song Michigan & Smiley - Diseases 12" 1981  via @YouTube
Another 2 people evacuated to #Australia from the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship have tested positive for #Coronavirus, authorities confirmed, bringing the total of Australians who left the ship on Thursday who have the virus up to 6.  …
IRI did boycott the #coronavirus news for a month, they are still in denial, ppl are panicking since regime keeps the news away from them. Here in Talesh,a northern city are protesting infront of a hospital that hospitalized 4 patients with corona virus. Ppl want update. 
An Emergency has been declared in #Pakistan’s Balochistan Province bordering areas with #Iran amid #coronavirus in the country. Pakistan needs to stay alert. 1 person roaming around with the virus and the rest you all know better (Ask South Korea)
The head of the #WHO is worried about #COVID19 cases showing up around the world with "no epidemiological link" to #China. Can this virus last long periods on the surfaces of inanimate objects? If so, toys can be disease carriers. Best to buy local. #ProximityManufacturing
#Iraq on Saturday reported its first #coronavirus case in the southern Dhi Qar province, according to a local medical source. The source said an Iraqi student tested positive for the virus after returning from the Iranian city of Qom.  …
8. Models have already told us this in theory but the #COVID19 outbreaks in Iran & Italy show graphically that we haven't seen all the sparks that have flown off the conflagration in China. We don't know how far this virus has spread or what will be the next Italy, Iran.
7. Other countries have to be able to identify  #COVID19 cases, isolate them, monitor contacts, isolate the ones who get sick. Stop the virus from spreading locally. Stopping the virus in China, if it can be done, isn't enough. That's especially evident this weekend.
4. As the number of #COVID19 cases has far surpassed the SARS total, as it has  v/ clear the new virus transmits with far greater ease than its cousin, the possibility that this one could be contained/eliminated has seemed more & more remote.
Now I am reading someone can carry the virus and never get sick from it but yet pass it on to someone else who gets deathly ill. #Coronavirus
The idea that "Chinese people are most at risk" from #coronavirus is not based on facts. The virus can infect anyone. Some experts say the attack rate may be 30-70% of global population (w/ many mild cases) & some studies have shown older men have higher fatality rates than women
FG just approved 300+ million to fight corona virus
Vietnam reports supply chain issues from virus, says may hit Samsung output  
“Will these people carry the virus with them? What if they spread it out further?” #Chinese officials and media reports have noted cases where patients had the #Coronavirus despite being discharged from the  …
Whenever there’s a new outbreak, scientists rush to calculate a number called R0, or R-naught. Why? It’s been a critical part of the scientific effort to understand just how transmissible the new virus is. 
 transmission of #COVID19 in multiple countries it appears that containment of the virus in China will not happen (this  was not unexpected). Emphasis in many places could turn from containment to “mitigation”. What does mitigation mean?
Yikes. Italy has now declared a state of emergency in the region I am in because of Corona virus. It's getting real
 to other virus outbreaks. 
Can you guys believe it? This Rapid spread of #Coronavirus in South Korea in the last 2/3 days was because of an Old lady in Daegu. JUST 1 Old Lady and some non seriousness it took for people to be scared now while going out due to the fear of virus. Take this serious People!!
Stunning and disturbing.  to other virus outbreaks - SARS, MERS, H1N1, EBOLA !! #coronovirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Coronavirustruth #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #koronavirus 
Hundreds Of Animals Drop Dead In China After Being Poisoned By Virus Disinfectant  …
#swarabhaskar Tum bhi corona virus Ho wait Karma will reply you 
South Korea replaces Singapore on the #Coronavirus #COVIDー19 leaderboard. We feel you. You’re not actually less safe, you’re more safe. You ain’t gonna find the virus if you aren’t looking for it. That...is all.
I think we can clearly see how this isn't only a Chinese problem. This virus is taking hold in other countries too. I believe we're almost at the point where they'll soon have to use the Pandemic word. This is a global problem & world must work together.  …
South Korea reports an eight-fold jump in viral infections with more than 400 cases mostly linked to a church and a hospital. Also, the death toll in Iran climbed to five from the virus that started in China that has spread globally. 
Happy Birthday Virus!! 
Just had our 1st ever screening at an airport for Corona virus there. It was proper vintage Total Recall shit, a digital thermometer to the Fod...!!!
Iranian regime announced 2 cases of Corona virus just before the election knowing Iranian people had campaigned for election boycott under the tags of #NoVote4Terrorists and #رای_بی_رای to blame lack of support on Corona . Just after the election was widely ignored they  …
You know what makes me more mad than anything, how MSM sites have the balls to stick up pay walls to read a story on a deadly virus infecting this world.
Scientists are studying reports that the incubation period for coronavirus could be longer than the currently believed 14 days. Meanwhile, scientists in China reported indications that the virus might be transmissible through urine.  …
You knew this  14 Day Quarantine on a virus that can incubate over 24 days. Bureaucrats busted by leading disease control experts for sloppy isolations. Releasing passengers into the general public.  …
Stop making virus!  …
Patient 0 for the Corona virus
A local hospital in #Wuhan has helped more than 60 women who have been infected or were believed to be infected with the virus to deliver babies, and none of the newborns were infected, according to the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. #COVID19
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
Posted this on Insta yesterday We are half way done with the manufacturing of first drop of glasses but had to pause production due to the virus in China. Please be patient we’re doing the best we can 
More supply chain disruptions >>Vietnam reports #supplychain issues from virus, says may hit #Samsung output  
It takes on average 12 years and over US$350 million to get a new drug from laboratory to pharmacy. Once successful, we hand 80% of the manufacture to China’s questionable safety and efficacy procedures. Madness even without a virus.  …
Woke up with sore throat and a cough...if this is the corona virus I at least better drop five lbs
“Authorities have asked about 6,700 people in California to isolate and monitor themselves for symptoms of COVID-19, the disease caused by the new virus, according to the California Department of Public Health.”  …
most of all the fault is of the lack of security, even in a time where there’s a dangerous virus spreading, yge doesn’t even bother to reinforce the security for the safety of the pinks (and other people at the airport), that’s what i’m pissed off the most about
Research shows that infection by the measles virus wipes out 11% to 73% of the antibodies that “remember” past infections by other pathogens 
Here's your Virus update: - Coronavirus may be the "Disease X" health experts have warned about. - Hot spots outside of China: South Korea, Japan, Iran. - About half of the additional cases in South Korea were linked to members of a religious sect.  …
as usual, hope everyone has been eating their meals on time and also taking good care of themselves! with the virus getting worse, i hope everyone is taking good care of their hygiene too~! remember to take care of your health aaaand have a good day/good night’s sleep! 
i understand the concern about the fanmeetings in korea due to corona virus spreading but lets not forget about our fellow kmbbs & the citizens of korea. please send them our prayers - as someone whose entire family is in korea rn, im scared shitless, this is a human issue. + +
#COVID19: There are challenges with machine translation, but looks like someone manning a quarantine station at an airport in Japan has contracted the virus. You have to assume staff at quarantine stations are wearing (or supposed to be wearing) PPE.  
There was no such India ever since the entry of the green virus in the land. Hindus had fooled themselves all this time is a different case altogether  …
Zarif is a virus. A deadly one that has spread death and destruction worldwide .. always with a smile. #IranRegimeChange is the way to eradicate this virus and all of  viruses and make the world a safer place. #FreeIran2020  …
4. #COVID19: The attack rate in the hospital is high. If I'm reading this right, 45% of staff & patients have been infected so far. Of course, the outbreaks on the Diamond Princess & in Chinese prisons has shown us how well this virus spreads among people in tight quarters. 
Mohsen Hashemi the head of city council for Tehran, Iran announced that all the council members will be tested for #COVID19. This following suspicions that government officials are infected with the virus. 
one day Florida make it own virus 
 mainstream media blackout about the virus in the US (other than a daily 7pm special on CNBC - business news). Most people here think it’s just the flu
It's been 8 years with our happy virus, our Loey, who has shown us his hard work and passion for whatever he loves. We are so proud and hope for many more years ahead with you #8yearswithCHANYEOL #항상찬열이편8주년 #CHANYEOL #찬열 #チャニョル #朴灿烈 #EXO #엑소 @weareoneEXO 
The places where humans live in close contact with bats — and rely on them for their livelihood — show how hard it is  eliminate the risk of animal-human virus transmission 
We asked in this intv if a maritime lawyer thought the ship’s operator could be held responsible. He said “only if it was at fault” but it’s hard to judge given, as you said, the virus is new/unknown so one can argue they couldn’t have known how to handle.   …
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
A SARS-like novel coronavirus causes acute pneumonia, transmitted via respiratory droplets or  with mild symptoms, anti-HIV retrovirals potentially effective... The “fictional virus” in a simulation sponsored by Gates&JHU, 10/18/19  …
For all those still planning a cruise-ship getaway, read this anatomy of the virus voyage that escalated into catastrophe. The only living things having fun on this trip were the germs. 
Japan admits that they didn’t carry out virus test on 23 passengers on board Diamond Princess when they were discharged from the cruise and under went quarantine on February 5. The 23 people include 19 Japanese and 4 foreign nationals living in Japan.
Manipal lab that detected Nipah virus removed from ICMR list, lab contests move. An important story by @prajwalmanipal. Why has ICMR done this? That too with Manipal which was praised for its work on  …
Corona is just the LATEST Virus that has made it here...guess who the Host for the Somalie Virus was...Barrack Hussain Obama... He knew what he was doing...
There are now signs that Iran is exporting #SARSCoV2 to other countries. A Canadian who returned to Canada from Iran was confirmed to have contracted the virus, making her the 9th case in Canada.
As a medical professional following this virus, I have been very frustrated with the CDC’s “wait and gather data” approach on a virus with a prolonged incubation period and high Ro. The French Chalet case should have been enough evidence for a more aggressive approach.
“Like a virus hiding from the immune system, the use  language permits the network to organize violence secretly behind a mirage of inside jokes and plausible deniability”  …
i don’t understand why the bodyguards allow fans and fansites  that close to them? shouldn’t they be doing the opposite also considering the virus? what are these body guards paid for?
More on #COVID19 - #Japan recorded the first domestic case from those who got off Diamond Princess. The woman was confirmed to have contracted the virus when she returned home from the cruise. Meanwhile, Japan added 14 new cases in total, bringing the total to 124.
If you have been wondering what have been the most used words/phrases in the last weeks economic data reports.. I think there's an only one answer: "Before Virus"
You HID this virus for weeks. Punished doctors for sounding the alarm and now are scolding other countries for your failures! Too much.
This is so unbelievably stupid, shortsighted, & destructive by the Russians. They are just as vulnerable to the corona virus as everyone else.  …
I’ve spent days now researching the Abe adminstration’s response to the Coronavirus and experts seem apalled at the willful ignorance, indifference,  and arrogance. The latest: refusal to test Ministry of Health workers exposed to the virus until they get ill 
Somewhat ominously, the regional president of Veneto, in Italy’s north, noted that it is  harder to decipher how the virus was jumping from one place to the next. “It goes to show you that having other cases of contagion is absolutely possible.”
-stupid "advice " from manwhore- el stopped her. That really says alot. Other outside forces have to literally interfere to mess thing up otherwise they are always on the same side. Even in season 5, kara was getting through to Lena until they sent that virus with the hologram-
Outraged residents of a central Ukrainian town protested against the arrival of evacuees from China amid fears of the #coronavirus. So far, no confirmed cases of the virus have been registered in Ukraine. 
Just see this The recover people not all of them are safe This virus is a demon . 
I agree with h this thread, except worry that “window of opportunity” language implies we’ve failed. I don’t feel that way. We’ve simply learned this virus spreads in a way that makes containment near impossible absent vaccine or extreme measures that do more harm than virus.  …
We should not be relaxed. Recovered patients showed traces of #coronavirus through nucleic acid tests.There were also results in Canada where swabs taken from two people who had recovered revealed they still had traces of the virus.  …
STOP THINK Guys we need to watch closely the figures that are now being announced regarding Coronavirus. China’s figures can’t be trusted . But, beware, western governments will act like Chinese government, in the event the virus takes hold. Is this an escaped Bio Weapon?
Aik tau I’m sick of this Corolla virus... Diary of a Social Butterfly  … @TFT_
IMF: “.. we are also looking at more dire scenarios where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted.” #COVID19 ⁦  …
Nope she is not a Stone Pelter She is a College going Swachchh Bharat Abhiyaan Activist cleaning The Road of The Stones on Her Way to The Library. And She is Wearing Mask to Avoid CORONA Virus.. According to (Farzi Sickulars,Paid Media, &dtv, Laal Salaam & Desh k Gaddar) 
Some Italian media today reported that there’d been a second coronavirus victim, a 77-yr-old woman. But health officials say the virus was detected only after her death, and she’d been suffering from a number of health issues. So unclear for now if her death is directly connected
हिज़ाब से उभरता नया हिंदुस्तान देख... @Real_Anuj Anuj see, the world, Russia, China and America have all believed in the miracle of Allah. China surrendered in front of the Krona virus. And your sister is sold for 500 rupees. And you are happy in 500 RSS branch. 
The corona-virus is scary and not going away. What do you think about having trump and the republicans in charge in this time of crisis?  …
Keep your children indoors until this virus leaves the country.  …
#UNICEF is working to help children/families affected by #coronavirus by reducing transmission of the virus & tackling misinformation, so children & families, know how to prevent Covid-19 spread & where to seek assistance:  v/ 
trump needs a roaring stock market to remain in power. So he has Fed indirectly buying stocks. (Fed buys treasuries from banks who use the $$to buy stocks) But corona-virus is hurting businesses. So banks are less willing to exchange treasuries for stocks. bad for trump.
Excellent @benjaminwittes conversation with Lisa Monaco & Sophia Yan re corona virus, China & U.S. government responses & structures, etc. — listen.  …
A big jump in Iran coronavirus cases. The first ones were announced just 3 days ago. Now there are 28, 5 deaths and 785 people are being tested. Iran travelers have already taken the virus to Lebanon and the UAE.  …
i can deal with the crisis i can deal with the corona virus what i CANNOT deal with however is the jarad i would rather jump off a cliff
#COVID19 rumors debunked: Is the virus man-made? NO. Is the virus a bio-weapon? NO. Is Wuhan's air pollution caused by the burning of corpses? NO. Our enemy is not just virus, but also rumors. 
Went to a pharmacy. Got ‘splained by random white woman about why “Asian people” shouldn’t be “panic buying” masks. Came out of supermarket. Got yelled at by random guy for not wearing a mask & spreading virus.
Do you think USA is prepared? The Corona Virus is one scary disease. Sad thing is trump and the republicans cut back on the department charged with fighting infectious diseases. They want to save money to pay for the tax cuts trump/GOP gave billionaires and corporations.
I'm getting reports that Chinese social media burning up  about how America must have infected China with this new virus. This ought to be fun
i heard the major city where over 200 new cases of the corona virus in South Korea is.... Daegu. praying for them
What Beagle would do: -Announce free virus screening and virus related medical care asap (limited scope) -Many working class Americans are terrified of ER Bills for a reason -I know it opens up another can of worms (socialism etc.) -My concern is to keep your family alive
Another episode in the Corona Virus Saga. More than 100 wild animals drop dead near coronavirus epicentre  via 
Is the first step? (Remember the Japanese gov’t badly mishandled the cruise ship which caused the virus to get out into the general population. If the have to cancel, I cannot see how Abe survives)   …
Anytime I say in my YouTube videos it gets demonetized Mention The Beer Virus & I’ll get a strike... But freedom of speech though
Evaluation Efficacy Safety IV Remdesivir Adults Severe Pneumonia COVID-19 virus Infection:protocol Phase 3 Randomized,Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicentre trial-remarkable achievement by Team in Wuhan & ⁦ @ISARIC1⁩ ⁦ @GileadSciences⁩  …
The more this virus spreads, the less we seem to hear from authorities. It now seems to take dramatic events like this one to get a sense of the speed and virility of the virus. Also makes you wonder how many cases the CDC might be hiding.  …
The Virus Is Interrupting Supply Chains From Watches to Lobsters - tales from around the world economy via  …
It’s a known fact that there is no link between #coronavirus & chicken/Eggs chicken is absolutely safe to consume. And had no connection with corona virus in any way. So don’t believe any rumours ! 
11/ ... recovered from Covid-19 revealed they still had traces of the virus. A minority of patients who were discharged from hospital after tests showed they were negative for the virus later tested positive again.  … Dr Iwata's concern is nothing...
The alleged patient 0 of the #coronavirus (only of Lombardy cluster?) is an Italian that travelled back from Shanghai on January 21. Tested negative. Authorities thinking he could have carried virus but overtaking it without symptoms. His brother in law tested positive
If Moura caught corona virus he’d lose it with his second touch
Japanese health minister Katsunobu Kato admits that 23 people left the #DiamondPrincess without doing virus tests during the quarantine period starting Feb. 5  …
Our loving prophet Muhammad Salall never ordered or eat meat, Eating meat is not  of God too, If we disobey almighty corona virus and other terrible viruses arise, Everything can be fine we start worship of Kabir God 
Visual of the  to other previous virus outbreaks. Doesn’t look like it’s slowing down anytime soon. #coronavirus #COVID19 
WAU Every humble Rasam has its day--our Rasam rocking in China as a preventive/remedy for Virus--Jai Ho Rasam:)) RT 
Why do I believe that? First in general: there is the way the virus has spread on the #Princessdiamond, in hospitals, in prisons. #SARSCoV2 is very infectious, patients seem to spread it for a long time and cases are hard to detect. It is simply very hard to contain such a virus.
If you know, feel, or fear that you have contracted the virus, or would like to disinfect the area around you, you can repeat three times in your mind. “Command RCV stardust”. The Pleiadians will then use their advanced technologies to help remove the virus. 
My sister Laura had Encephalitis back in 2005 & nearly lost her life. Every year 500,000 people are affected yet 78% of global population do not know what it is. I can’t stress enough how important raising awareness of this virus is. #red4wed #encephalitis 
We are anchored to believe that borders are only between countries. They’re also within. The spread of the virus can be limited by restricting travel between states, between provinces, between cities. Infection in a country doesn’t mean the whole country has to be infected. 
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
Vietnam reports supply chain issues from virus, says may hit Samsung output  
#Iran’s Health Minister will go to parliament to brief, in an open session, MPs & people on #CoronaVirus. Health Ministry spox has said that 28 cases of corona virus have been confirmed in the country, of whom 5 have died. Altogether 785 people are suspected to have corona virus.
Chinese couple kiss while wearing their face masks in a Government sponsored mass weeding. This corona virus won't allow people to enjoy their life oo 
What Canada's latest coronavirus case - the first not linked to China - tells us about the evolution of the outbreak. 'Globally, we will not be able to contain the spread of this virus,' says infectious disease expert, by @adamsmiller +  … via @cbchealth
SO, THE "THEORY" WILL BEAT THE VIRUS? WHAT IF IT DON'T? "The virus ... in theory when it gets a little warmer, it miraculously goes away. Hope that's true!" --  about the #coronavirus are  uninformed  01 #SaturdayMorning
A Doctor has confirmed that Rota virus is on the loose in Aba. That kids are facing diarrhoea. They say there's no cure, but can be managed by replacing body fluids as soon as it's lost. Confirm this! Maintain a good hygiene. Keep the kids in check especially when in school.
(URGENT) PM calls coronavirus infections 'grave' situation, vows efforts to contain virus  …
Sunggyu was really thankful towards us  Especially with this new scary corona virus going around...that we'd risk being in a closed in space with many people like that just to see him. And he told us to be careful..
I’m so scared to lose any lovers from this virus :(
I'm starting to wonder if the safest place to be will be in China next month...not sure if other nations have the political resolve to deal w virus if it spreads I can't imagine blocking entire cities & regions like China has done w/o mass violence  …
Governor Obado: As a country we are not prepared to deal with Corona virus. I kindly plead with you (Raila Odinga) and Pres. Uhuru Kenyatta to ensure that we seal all our international entry points. 
#MAGAROLLERCOASTER Can you believe the BEHAVIOR in California? It's like everyone was injected with a STUPID VIRUS! @seames_jr @_carolina_girl_ @_Unforgiven_34 @1776_NOAH_711 @1GaryBernstein @RainBadass @Bigbillshater @ACEMeSkinny @DFBHarvard @Zorea3 @teerocs 
A dozen towns in northern Italy are on effective lockdown after the new virus linked to China claimed a first fatality in Italy and sickened an increasing number of people who had no direct links to the origin of the virus. 
Whenever we say goodbye, When we apart , Know I hold u dearly, Deep inside my heart ....
HOLY SH*T They found 29 cases of Corona virus in the last 24 hours in North Italy, another 3 near Rome, 2 already dead. IN 24HRS ITALY HAS BECOME THE COUNTRY WITH MOST INFECTED PEOPLE IN EUROPE. AND THE 24 FOUND ARE IN MY REGION, I'M LITERALLY SO SCARED WTF.
#China asks all  to stop using #biometric identification systems amid the #coronavirus outbreak. The systems use fingerprints to verify who is clocking in and clocking out of work, and may increase the risk of virus transmission. 
*Every country panics cuz of Corona virus* Kurds: 
It’s D-13! Hyunseung will discharge on 7/3 earlier than the scheduled date 13/3 due to corona virus concern. 
There’s a new virus going around called Feelings. Don’t catch that shit
China was shut down for a month due to the #coronavirus outbreak. The economy was hit baldly. Top officials decided to start industrial production, regardless of the outbreak. But virus doesn’t give shit. A man died on the way back to the work. 
hyunseung will be discharging early on march 7th (due to corona virus concerns if i'm not wrong)!!! that means just 2 more weeks till hyunseung's back!!!!!!  …
7/The crew worked hard: they dropped off towels and Sudoku puzzles, delivered meals, swabbed the decks after fresh air breaks, carried luggage for infected patients. 85 of them have tested positive for the virus
How many of these religious "healers"  on TV or stage showing their miracle powers, went to China, to treat the 1000s who are in serious condition due to Corona Virus?
Father can’t touch his little baby as he is infected with the Corona virus... The baby’s face tho.. 
Iran reports one more death among 10 new cases of the novel #coronavirus. So far, 28 people have been confirmed infected, and five died of the virus. 
if concerts have to b cancelled then just do it . i’d rather everyone b safe including artists/fans/staff , cause the venue is going to be so packed with people & the virus transmits easily  …
Attending a wedding. Sitting on a table with 7 unknown people. Kept listening to how Khan was taking Pakistan on path of glory. Then they talked about Sindh’s stray dogs. I said forget about dogs I have returned from China a week ago n no one checked me for virus. Now since
The total number of corona virus cases now in korea is 433 and we are really worried about the boyz and fans safety. At this rate, it would be best to postpone the tbz concert for everyone’s safety. Please protect your artists @Creker_THEBOYZ #크래커_덥즈콘서트_연기해
Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS)  Dimensions for making latest research on #COVID-19 openly discoverable. Dimensions have also created a deep link to a suggested search for the COVID-19 virus:  
KRG holds emergency meeting to discuss prevention mechanism for the coronavirus outbreak. - No cases of virus in #Kurdistan Region so far. - All travelers returning from Iran will undergo medical checkups.
lisa such a happy virus 
BREAKING: Iran reports another death from the new virus that emerged in China, bringing death toll to 5 among 28 confirmed cases. 
The press is missing the single biggest issue facing the world today. This virus is going to change our lives, our manufacturing, our public gatherings, our delivery systems. But the press would rather talk about who said what on Twitter.  …
Just in: One of the first video of #VirusCorona under microscope #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #virus #VIRUS_CORONA #science @WHO @HarvardHealth @ScienceChannel  …
If you think: -A face mask will help you avoid #Coronavirus -Closing boreders will help in containing the virus - The virus is lethal Please watch this video.  …
The WHO keeps telling us that nations with poor health care systems are most at risk. This is not accurate at best and a lie at worst. South Korea is the new hotbed for the virus, as well as Japan, and both are first tier healthcare systems.  …
Early modeling suggests 750,000 aussies could die if the corona virus gets out of hand here Theres 100,000 Chinese high school students now on their way Corona virus =5 X more contagious then the flu. 20 X more deadly The Chinese are in control of Australia Fight  …
How to protect ourselves from Corona virus? Please check our youtube channel for the full video:  
listening to the updates by the #AU Member States. Inform us of the measures taken by their governments to prevent the spread of the Corona virus in Africa. 
Park SeoJoon donated 100 million won to Daegu Social Services Organization to help Corona virus patients.  … #ParkSeoJoon #ParkSeoJun 
"Hii BBI fever iko stronger than Corona Virus" - Babu  at #BBIInNarok after residents demand he 
#COVID19 strains isolated from urine pose a threat to China’s sewer system, especially in hospitals. The discovery also explains how the virus is traveling with blood to harm hearts and kidneys.  
So on it goes another 4 infected with COVID-19 to be flown to different locations in Australia to be treated in general Hospitals who have no experience in this virus. Almost like it is an agreed protocol to spread the disease.Amazingly only a handful of us cares.
THANKS TO A STRONG SMART & PRUDENT MAYOR OF COSTA MESA ⁦ @KatrinaFoley⁩-KEEP IT AWAY-until cured & learn more -they are lying about this virus Federal Judge Allows Costa Mesa To Block Transfer Of Up To 50 Coronavirus Patients To City – CBS Los Angeles  …
THIS IS THE FIRST RULING IN CA I CAN AGREE WITH! Imagine the chaos in homeless/urban areas when this virus hits. IT WILL BE UNCONTROLLABLE! ⁦Unfortunately, I feel it is inevitable. Research the origins & patent holder. I DO NOT believe in coincidence!  …
If a mayor of a Tehran district got the #COVID19 chances are that the virus has spread all over Iran by now. Could well be the same infection level as China outside Hubei.  …
I vote that all the lovely residents of Skid Row are moved into the Governor's mansion... virus and all....
apparently today is the last day for Kyuhyun to greet the fans after the musical ends due to corona virus.. it's best for everyone's health.. let's stay healthy everyone!
Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Kato "Zoning done(→in invalid ways)" Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga "Striving to Support Cruise Vessels (→to  a virus incubator) #CORONA #corona
Olympic village mayor, "The rainy season kills the virus." Chairman of the Olympic Organizations Committee: "I'll do my best without masking." Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, "Employees will not be tested because positive results badly affect work." #CORONA #corona
BREAKING: South Korea reports 87 more cases of the new virus, most from Daegu and nearby areas, bringing country's total to 433. 
Kazakh medical staff at the frontline of the novel #coronavirus prevention voice support for their Chinese counterparts in the arduous anti-virus fight 
SECURE SITE AT TRAVIS AFB YET TRYING TO STICK PPL WITH VIRUS IN A CA CO. WITH 3 MIL? BREAKING: CDC CAUGHT LYING? Costa Mesa files court doc to blk fed relocation of 35-INFECTED patients to ill-prepared facility near mils in   …
It's crazy how those cases in Korea with the virus climbed from 20+ to 80+ to 150+ to 300+ and now 433 cases in a span of like 3 to 4 days. And most of these cases came from one person who attended a seminar or something.
today’s the last time kyu will walk out to meet fans after musical bc of the virus !!
There is a map of the corona virus patients in Korea and where they traveled to and what not 
May Allah forgive us, protect us, and the virus outbreak is stop
sucks that wot4 waterbomb 2020 may not happen bc of the e word and bc of that friggin virus anyway.... 
New virus cases in past day in South Korea (population 51 million): 229 New virus cases in past day in all of China besides Hubei province (population 1.3 billion): 31
Tokyo postpones training for Olympics volunteers over virus fears  
REMEMBER THIS SHY BOY WHO USED TO CALL HIM HAPPY VIRUS?????? 
Corona virus is nothing But there's a disease called send me transport Eh?! 
The places where humans live in close contact with bats — and rely on them for their livelihood — show how hard it is  eliminate the risk of animal-human virus transmission 
Had a bad coughing fit while I was walking to the office from the bus station the other day, and the whole time I was thinking about 1/ don't cough too hard or the surgery scar will hurt or worse, open up a little again 2/ everyone is prolly thinking I have the virus lol
Feb 22 - #Iran #UPDATE -Morteza Rahmanzadeh, mayor of Tehran's District 13, tests positive for coronavirus: state TV;  -Reports indicate a hospital staff member in Tehran died from the virus 
#CoronavirusOutbreak Costa Mesa, CA has obtained a TRO preventing the 35-50 CONFIRMED CORONA VIRUS CASES IN TRAVIS AFB from being transferred to a facility in their city. The problem is that the CDC states that there are only 35 cases in all of the US. Which is it? 
Gee. “70-year-old man in Hubei Province was infected with #SARSCoV2 but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, meaning the virus' incubation period could be longer than presumed 14 days. A longer incubation period  efforts to contain”  …
Against the city government's order, the Christian opposition group is going ahead with their weekend rally. The leader told the congregation, "I spoke to a doctor. His case study shows that you can't catch virus outside." 
the boyz teaching the right ways to cough & tips to wash our hands to avoid the virus 
 New VIRUS in town .
Am not surprised at all by the statements made by this two, it is said bird's of a feather flok together. Kenyans please for the good of man and country avoid these fellows, the virus they carry is worse than coronavirus. Am out of BBI if these 2 are in. 
Our 160+million atom flu simulation is out @ACSCentSci: Super proud of this amazing team effort @LabDurrant @LCasalino88 @abbydommer @tcbguiuc @NCSAatIllinois #virus  …
corona virus is nothing there is a disease called "Borrow me your phone I want to log in
"Our biggest concern continues to be the potential for #COVID19 to spread in countries with weaker health systems. In partnership with the @AfricaCDC, we’re working hard to prepare countries in Africa for the potential arrival of the virus"- @DrTedros #coronavirus
#Wuhan has expropriated five #cruise ships which can offer 1,469 beds to serve as temporary hotels for medical staff amid the #COVID19 outbreak. As more medical groups from other  to support the virus epicenter, the city's hotel occupancy rate is almost at its peak. 
Debunking -emoji-gate scandal: So what better time than Friday to solve a huge controversy on @Twitter. On left is emoji for keyword ‘virus’ on iPhone, right is same emoji when converted to web view- a bacteria. Well others have tut-tutted me for it. No biggie. Now ya know! 
When u died because of Corona Virus & born again in China. 
it’s honestly so fun working with boomers because the other day, one told me not to pop the bubble wrap in the packages we get because the air in them is from China and I could get the corona virus
Sobering thought - the term "virality" as used on the internet originated from viral diseases >> "Stunning & disturbing. Corona  to other virus outbreaks" #sars #ebola #mers #swineflu  via @novel_covid_19
Because of the virus, Sungmin is sitting at home - let's keep  and spend the day with him? Go to the channel and don't forget to chat with Sungmin in   …
Corona Virus : How India and Pakistan treated their citizens. Video will premier at 12 today. Set your reminders. 
@DrEricDing points out multiple studies that point to #CoVid19 asymptomatic transmission Very worrisome Many who have already contracted the virus may be spreading to others without a clue So how are we doing with screening and detection?  …
Since large protest are prohibited due to outbreak of the corona virus, we sending 10 LED Truck to protest of our behalf instead #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit 
SHANGHAI, Feb 22 (Reuters) - A 70-year-old man in China's Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus' incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.
#Coronavirus latest: - South Korea reported 142 more confirmed cases of coronavirus - 2360 people have died globally from the virus - Four more Australian passengers who had been evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship off Japan tested positive  
More than 500 new coronavirus cases detected in PRISONS across China fuels fears about the virus's ability to spread 
Pray for our soldiers, hope they won't catch the virus Pray for Yixing, hope he won't catch the virus Pray for everyone so they won't catch the virus #EXO 
A judge has temporarily blocked the U.S. government from quarantining coronavirus patients in Costa Mesa after city officials argued that the surprise proposal came with no information about how surrounding neighborhoods would be protected from the virus.  …
Only in this country, stupidity and ignorance can kill more people than deadly virus.. Rest in peace. #SMP1Turi
Good news locally - and great news that we are prepared here in Washington to treat this virus. First US case of coronavirus is fully recovered! Snohomish County man, first in US with coronavirus, is now 'fully recovered'  via @Q13FOX
I am living proof that HIV is not a death sentence 27 years born with HIV 15 years on ARV treatment if i can do it so can you refuse to give power to a tiny virus that cannot talk you are GREATER THAN HIVGoodmorning and a Happy Sabbath #BreakTheSilence 
Corona Virus Update Thread: #coronavirus #covid19 China 76,290 Others 634 South Korea 346 Japan 105 Singapore 85 Hong Kong 68 Thailand 35 US 35 Taiwan 26 Malaysia 22 Italy 20 Australia 19 Iran 18 Germany 16 Vietnam 16 France 12 Macau 10  
W.H.O’s Director General says the window of opportunity to contain the #coronavirus is "narrowing", calls on countries to prepare  transmission. Also adds, the virus is at a “tipping point" after new cases and deaths in Iran, Lebanon and Canada from 
How deadly is the #coronavirus? Is it just like flu as someone suggested? Dr. Chen Shu of Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, said in his first 8 days in Wuhan, all patients under his care died of the virus. Only since 02/19 he saw some patients survived and were discharged. 
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
I do worry about the virus. I don’t think about the “star” part. I do think about doing my job to provide accurate information as best I can.  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping has written a letter expressing thanks to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for the organisation's "generosity" and support tackling a deadly virus epidemic, state media says 
'Don't be kidnapped by China': Taiwan tells WHO in bid for separate virus tally #Taiwan  …
“This new virus represents a tremendous public health threat,” Dr. Nancy Messonnier, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, said on a call with reporters 
Taiwan raises travel alert for Japan, South Korea as virus cases soar  …
To one of the most handsome and talented man I know, thank you for being our happy virus! Thank you also for sharing us your talents! You inspire many people more than you can imagine! We love you Chanyeolie! #8yearswithCHANYEOL #CHANYEOL #EXO 
. @SenTomCotton says we know the virus didn’t start in the Chinese food market like they said. It’s only reasonable to ask what kind of research and safety protocol they had at the research center. 
How does a man who was checked for carona virus suddenly have symptoms after testing and being released? Obviously two weeks isn't a long enough isolation period #caronavirusoutbreak #pandemic  …
Watch  of #coronavirus #COVID2019 with the previous virus outbreaks - SARS, MERS, H1N1, EBOLA #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Coranovirus resource... My friend @MyersDetox has this amazing resource for coranovirus that I found quite helpful prior to my trip to India (but please see a doc and get quarantined if you actual get the virus!):  …
There isn’t evidence yet that mothers transmit the virus that causes COVID-19 during birth.  …
Aye jackasses don’t let wee-man distract y’all , mfs brought corona-virus to America .
Johnny’s net has officially put up a notice saying that at the moment they will continue with the shows going on right now They will look into future measures depending on how the situation develops Please, let the virus end soon!
"KCDC said it has placed a total of 9,336 Sincheonji members in self-quarantine. Among them, 544 people suspected of having contracted the virus are being tested for the virus."  …
How did the corona virus get here before my  tax !?
Also, I recently learned that false positives are unlikely in RT-PCR tests,  are false negatives where tests are unable to amplify the genetic material of the virus instead. #COVID19
SK Government: All mass protest are banned because of the widespread of Corona virus. ONE ITs: #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit 
(4th LD) S. Korea's virus cases surge to 346 on church services, cluster outbreak at hospital  …
A 29yo doctor died from catching the #coronavirus a second time. You dont develop immunity. An asymptomatic person is still testing positive after 10 days. The virus can be shed in fecal matter......imagine what will happen in CA if it gets out there? Wise words from @RNcat50
This makes my blood boil! These groups support a former president who is in jail & disappeared when the sewol tragically sank. So far the govt has handled the virus well (compare it to the MERS debacle), it’s infuriating cults and groups like this undermine efforts to contain it.  …
Very serious! All part of God's plan during these end times, the great news is as a believers in Jesus, WE WIN! To the unbeliever ?! There's still time He's still calling! Time is running out! I see the word 'Pestilence and 'Corona  to mind! 
My happy virus today 8years ago you came into our lives never forget that your a talented human been and that we are proud of you and that we always going to be here for you @weareoneEXO 
if corona virus dont disband before an apink and a  
Confusion in Cambodia amid questions over virus on cruise ship  …
First the Corona virus , now THIS ?  …
When you died due to Corona virus and again born in China. 
This is a massive mistake by @GregHuntMP and way too premature. All the signs are this virus is now resulting in multiple outbreaks in multiple countries outside of China. The fatality rate is currently 3.03% (Total Confirmed 77,659, Total Deaths 2,360)  …
This virus is in New York. How can it not be. Every other person I see is Asian. One of these guys flew there and came back. The aids is in the air as we speak.
One big puzzle piece has been the source of the infection. Somebody brought the virus to the conference. Who?  …
A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday, offering new evidence that the virus can be spread asymptomatically. What the heck?  …
South Korea now under siege as is Italy and this should be a warning how wide spread this deadly virus is. However head in the clouds as if there is no virus our government flies infected people to home states to be treated. We just have no idea how to deal with it.
For once there’s a deadly virus around the world that is barely affecting Africans. The future is here.
The World Bank created an insurance policy against virus outbreaks three years ago. It hasn't disbursed any funds yet, and amid the new coronavirus outbreak, some experts say the bond has not worked as intended and has unduly benefited investors. 
—New cases of the coronavirus spike in Iran and South Korea —Clusters of the virus are found in China’s prisons —Coronavirus cases in the U.S. reach 34, and more are expected Latest updates: 
Cross the multiverse in a ship, bring back strange parasites that prey on concepts and colors, the light of our cosmos contaminated by an otherdimensional virus, sneezing whenever you see something red
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02
It's sad, but the public should not be blindly trust that the anti-virus software they  to install does what they think it does and _only_ what they think it does.
Time is ripe for the emergence of a new class of software: anti-virus observation and verification. The gist being that AV software pretty much has free reign to read anything, copy any file, report/analyze any behavior, and do any obfuscated action its controllers want.
“The number of people in Italy infected with the new virus from China more than quadrupled Friday due to an emerging cluster of cases in the country's north that prompted officials to order schools, restaurants and businesses to close.”  …
. @hongkongfp's @holongsze finds that virus-related school closures and exam delays are causing extra stress for Hong Kong students. Aside from the health concerns facing all Hongkongers, travel plans and prospects for university placements have been upended.  …
the virus is spreading fast bc there’s this thing in korea that’s disguised as a religion where ppl trick/brainwash others and one of them got infected but refused to be treated bc they don’t believe in any medical treatments. the person apparently had contacts with 400-1k others  …
Chin Wan, the HK rightist cult leader is promoting sliver ion gel on Facebook, claimed it is useful against the coronavirus. The fact is that sliver ion CANNOT destroy virus, he is trying to profit from those who lack knowledge about virus. 
White House fears coronavirus could shape Trump's 2020 fortunes Though Trump in public has downplayed the virus, privately he has voiced his own anxieties.  …
Idk. The virus is spreading in Korea so quick. For @GOT7Official health & safety I don’t mind if they don’t have a cb anytime soon. They can stay home and not risk getting sick
South Korea  spread of coronavirus is still in the 'initial stage,' maintains virus alert level at orange - Yonhap
Virus cases are dropping dramatically, but we need to build 19 more hospitals...ok  …
PLEASE READRETWEET Dr. Joel S. Holmes talks about the rapid and massive impact of COVID-19. It’s a Biological Warfare Weapon Bad News About Novel Corona Virus  … via @MalcolmOutLoud
#WHO keeps praising the CCP efforts in containing the virus while the ground WHO team is not allowed to visit Wuhan or any other part of the epicentre of the outbreak. This of course begs to question why?
Alert! A negative nucleic acid test result cannot rule out #COVID19 infection, China's health authorities said, adding that factors such as poor sample quality or virus mutation may lead to negative result. 
Thread - things that have changed in China due to the Corona Virus. A lot of people have been asking about what it's like over here in Shanghai. Here's a list of the things I have noticed that have changed since the outbreak.
“The government said they will ‘hospitalize anyone who should be hospitalized ... but then you discharge those who haven’t recovered. “Will these people carry the virus with them?" - daughter of a #coronavirus patient from  …
korea probably has thousands of people infected with the virus they are just now just testing for it so while they do the testing cases will spike Into the thousands and there will be a panic ... this is going to a whole different risk off level next week
#PengYinhua, a doctor at the Jiangxia district People’s No. 1 Hospital in #Wuhan, passed away from the #COVID19 #Coronavirus on Feb. 20, making him the 3rd doctor this month to die after contracting the virus from treating patients.  …
this article about the cancellations 4th offline protest due corona virus. i’m reading  sections and found this.. “to the agencies, pls understand, fans are brave enough to gather despite concerns abt infectious diseases on a cold day. they will never give up.” 
Trump: Day 1,127 (THREAD) -357th Day at Trump-owned Property -Hallowing Out US National Security -Looking to Replace Disloyal Staffers -Teases More Tax Bailout 4 Farmers -34th Case of Virus Confirmed in U.S. -Holds 82nd Rally Since Taking Office -Expanded Muslim Ban Takes Effect 
Inside Trump’s head - this is probably what he thinks the Corona virus is about. #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsARacist 
US prepares for coronavirus to possibly  a pandemic as the flu is also at its peak. Officials warn low numbers now may quickly change as the virus is proving to be far more contagious than the flu, having went from 300 cases in mid-January to 77,811 2360 Fatalities 
#BREAKING Drop in new China virus cases as toll reaches 2,345: govt, South Korea reports 142 more cases 
Corona  to other recent epidemics. 
Premier @jjhorgan says “we are fighting a virus, not people.” Today, many @BCNDPCaucus MLAs and local reps including @MayorofBurnaby joined Health Minister @adriandix at #Burnaby’s #CrystalMall in support of local businesses. Follow @CDCofBC for accurate info about 
No reason to believe the #coronavirus is “contained” in #China. The numbers they are releasing are fake. Their primary goal isn’t addressing the virus,it’s their global image. We have no idea what the true numbers are but they are without a doubt higher than what they admit to.
“Only three U.S. states currently have the capacity to run tests for the virus locally, the Association of Public Health Laboratories (APHL) told Reuters on Friday.” California, Nebraska and Illinois are the only U.S. states that can currently test for coronavirus.
#BREAKING South Korea confirms 346 people in the country infected with coronavirus. Forget about China and their faked "official" numbers of cases. This virus is spreading incredible fast.
sm yg still making their ggs go abroad and tour despite there being an outbreak of a virus that k*lls people  …
Number of new virus cases in last half-day in South Korea: 142 Number of new virus cases in last full day in all of China outside Hubei province: 31
A Snohomish man who was the very first patient in the United States to be diagnosed with the new COVID-19 virus has "fully recovered", county health officials said.  …
We're helping to determine the characteristics of #coronavirus - a key step in developing a new vaccine. Our scientists will both manufacture the virus to be placed in a vaccine and determine the vaccine's viability.  …
China again changes coronavirus reporting criteria as Italy confirms first death from the virus 
The U.S. confirmed 34 cases of coronavirus — including 21 people evacuated from Wuhan or the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan. Only 3 states are currently capable of testing for the virus (CA, IL, NE), with all other samples being sent to the CDC. 
Televangelist Jim Bakker’s $125 Coronavirus “Cure” - Kills/Totally Eliminates the Corona Virus in 12 hours 
Italy Reports 1st Covid-19 Death, Locks-Down 10 Towns Amid Contagion Fears: Virus Updates | Zero Hedge  …
5/ On February 4, 2016, New South Wales Health confirmed that 158 passengers and crew members caught the contagious virus while on board #Carnival Australia's megaliner, #DiamondPrincess. Passengers said the pool was drained, people were unable to serve their own food,...
Palm Beach County elections ransomware attack raises security questions “Discovery of the virus led to a scramble in the office in September 2016, including a rush to the server room to isolate the equipment and take it offline.”  …
My mum sent me a WhatsApp to say corona virus is in boiler chicken (?)
This year's flu shot can cut your chances of catching the virus in half:  
Reuters: According to the report, the woman traveled...to visit several relatives. When they started getting sick, doctors isolated the woman and tested her for coronavirus. Initially, the young woman tested negative for the virus, but a follow-up test was positive. .
Reuters: The case study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, offered clues about how the coronavirus is spreading, and suggested why it may be difficult to stop. (Chinese officials have already said virus is infectious during incubation. More proof.)
Someone did you wrong? Learn to let it go. The truth is they will ruin more of your life if you allow them to invade your mind like a virus. This will in turn affect the quality of your life. The best thing to do is to move on. Show that you’re strong enough to take control.
Corona virus looks like the belt and road, parasitic attachments everywhere @1stculturetours  …
Carl Goldman was one of the Americans quarantined on the Japan cruise ship due to the #CoronaVirus. Now back in the US, he has tested positive for the virus. But his spirits are high. “This has been a long journey,” he said. Watch NOW:  
At some point China has to get back to work and we have to return to trading with them. As does the US. This epidemic has highlighted (again) how dependent we are. Virus will continue on because it is so widspread and no1 has immunity AFAWK. Then it will be exported again. 2/2
Scientists have fingered bats and pangolins as potential sources of the virus, but the real blame lies elsewhere—with human assaults on the environment. 
Tech Behind Anti-Virus Fight CGTN's Zhou Yiqiu explains how highly-touted #5G is actually making a difference at #Huoshenshan and #leishenshan in #Wuhan City amid 
The CDC is preparing for the coronavirus outbreak to  a pandemic, forcing businesses and schools to close as 34 people now have the virus in our country.  …
He doesn't care that Americans may lose their lives. He is doing nothing to help stop the spread of the virus. He's only worried about its effect on his reelection... 'Trump Is Worried The Coronavirus Will Cost Him The Election'  … via @politicususa
Even if the virus outbreak proves to be no more than a blip, the 2020s are unlikely to treat Apple well in China 
Can you report this racist on instagram please? He posted a video of Chung Ha in Milano calling her “Corona Virus”, this is a shame. Let’s spread please 
Hi I’m Italian. Only today: 16 infected, 1 dead. The virus is here.
The most unappreciated meta point of the current campaign is how little (at all) Democrats have made a stink about the spread of the virus. It's a good thing!  to Ebola in 2014 it is remarkable in its muted-ness.  …
The daily update of virus cases from Hubei province is now an hour and forty minutes late
Researchers from @MRC_Outbreak estimate that 270 cases of the virus being exported from China have gone undetected by countries' virus screening programs —meaning there are possible cases of human-to-human transmission overseas going on unchecked  …
People have been arrested for speaking freely about the virus and the conditions on the ground. For spreading "false rumors." Remember, speech is tightly monitored in China.
My wife thinks Domestos will kill the corona virus.
“Iranian health officials said the virus may already be in ‘all Iran's cities’.”  …
sveanon has been banging the drum for a while now. He notes that the virus got out ~ Dec 8 and only exploded Jan 21. So: - Infection - six week incubation - deadly reinfection Based on this, the US can expect reinfection deaths to ramp up next week. #coronavirus #COVID19
This virus is  a global pandemic and central banks are ready to blame it to protect this failed system
Person confirmed infected with coronavirus dies in Padua, Italy, marking country's first virus-related fatality  …
INSIDE THE CORONAVIRUS RESPONSE, where some officials worry that virus could be spreading undetected in U.S., and TRUMP rebukes leaders for putting sick Americans on plane.  … with @adamcancryn
"Figuring out the shape of the spike protein in SARS-Cov-2 is the key to figuring out how to target the virus." RT #Coronavirus 'spike' protein just mapped, leading way to  …
2/21 #coronavirus #coronaviruschina Common people in Wuhan have been struggling to survive in the quarantine. However, the despair out of the virus, broken family, and disrespect from CCP’s brutal treatment is pushing many people to end their own lives. It is man-made disaster! 
'The virus was spreading widely. We didn’t know which corner of the ship, which person was infected,' said Ms Ip, who admitted it was hard to stay calm as the number of cases steadily rose 
The US is working on preparing for the spread of the new #Coronavirus across the country, said @DrNancyM_CDC, calling  spread of the virus “likely.”  …
When transmission  widespread in the US, putting some distance between people & preventing gatherings, will slow (but not halt) spread of a pandemic virus. The time bought by this will help hospitals deal with a big number of cases.
Man, what did I just read? A whole article about Khamenei's urine being a cure for the Corona virus. Been looking for 5 minutes to figure out if it's sarcastic or not. 
IRAN SITUATION: Wuhan closed it's airport when Hubei province had confirmed aprox. 375 cases. After lockdown, the virus spread from Hubei to places all over the world, and caused aprox. 77.000 cases. Iran now has 760 suspected cases, and airport/stations aren't closed.
Another 13 children have died from #flu this season. To date 105 children in the U.S. have succumbed to the virus this year. About 70% of cases were flu B infections. I do not have information on whether they were vaccinated.  
How many more people did this and spread the virus? If this is true questions need to be answered and stricter measures at all travel points put in place!
CUTS 50% MONEY FROM WORLD HEALTH ORG TO FIGHT #CORONAVIRUS HAS ZERO MONEY IN BUDGET TO FIGHT THE VIRUS NOW, 'INFECTIOUS DISEASE EXPERT' & MR. KNOW-IT-ALL SAYS: HEAT WILL KILL THE CORONAVIRUS SO "WE'RE GREAT" WE GOT THE SUN ON OUR SIDE NOT CHINA'S.  03
Anybody get the feeling that the quarantined cruise ship in Japan just served as a floating petri dish? Now Israel is claiming one of their returning cruise passengers has the virus. 
U.S. health officials say at least 18 Americans who returned from a quarantined cruise ship are infected with the new virus, and more cases are likely. 
Breaking News: Virus of Mahashivratri spreads across India with infection centre in Coimbatore. Zero Sleep & Mad Dancing symptoms #DontYawnTillDawn #MahaShivarathri2020
Japan, all the passengers were sharing food in the cafeteria, and they were doing casinos, plays, and dances. #DiamondPrincess had known that an HK guest had been found infected with the virus "before they entered into the Japan territorial waters", however, DP
“overly narrow testing protocols are obscuring the world’s ability to see how far the virus has spread”— the quicker we broaden testing and abandon the idea of containment the quicker we can prepare for the mild pandemic we are in the early stages of  …
VIDEO: With chronic face mask shortages in the midst of a virus outbreak, Hong Kongers have started making their own -- with a pop-up production line and seamstresses churning them out on sewing machines 
It took years to sequence the genome of HIV, weeks to sequence the genome of SARS, and days for Covid-19. The chances are that a vaccine will soon be available, while quarantine and strict self-isolation may yet keep the virus from going global:  …
ATTENTIONPLEASE guysifyoureceiveanemailsaying"nakedpicturesofDonaldTrump"don'topenititisavirusthatputsUSAflagsbetweeneverythingyoutype 
According to research, patients whose serious symptoms have just started within 2 weeks are suitable to receive the plasma transfusion treatment. 2 weeks after they start to show symptoms, the amount of virus in their body would dramatically decrease.
California tells 7K people to stay home because of new virus  …
My entire feed is corona virus and some dude larping as a raccoon. Can y'all be fucking halfway normal?
Normally, I only exchange pleasantries with open mouth kisses. However, due to coronavirus issues, I'm putting my foot down - no tongue until the virus scare is over! /s  …
#VenueShiftedToAchimota #AlloutInvasionEffect Tomorrow is the final audition for shatta berry let  support her at Achimota mall 5 pm @sm2daworld @jayden_wap @SonJnr @virus_wale 
Hes more lethal than any virus  …
A total of 11 senior residents and a staff member at a retirement home in #Wuhan – the city at the center of the novel #coronavirus outbreak — tested positive for the virus and one of the seniors died, the city's Civil Affairs Bureau said late Friday.
so holland went live on instagram and someone was racist enough to ask him this ? he also said he was afraid  to paris next week because he’s heard of all the hate towards asians going on since the virus spread... this is the world we live in guys... 
Schizophrenic Stocks End Near Record Highs As Virus Fears Send Yields To All-Time Lows  …
On CNBC a few minutes ago. He says there’s a report that the virus morphed and the strain in Iran different than in China #coronavirus 
' 94% of Fortune  are seeing supply chain disruptions related to the Corona virus'
Flipped channels last night & landed on @SkyNewsAust to hear Bronwyn Bishop say Coronavirus is one way to stop the protests in Hong Kong & virus is devilish plan for the socialists to get rid of people How much longer are you going to allow this BS to go on @SkyNewsAust
WALL STREET FALLS FROM RECORD HIGHS TO CLOSE THE WEEK DUE TO VIRUS FEARS DOW TUMBLES 227 POINTS, OR 0.8% S&P 500 DROPS 35 POINTS, OR 1% NASDAQ SINKS 1.8% VIX JUMPS 10% HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND EVERYBODY! $DIA $SPY $QQQ 
The virus is winding down everyone, oh, btw... Wuhan needs to build 19 more hospitals.  …
What race is the virus?! Was it offended?!  …
Novel coronavirus represents a very serious public health threat and CDC continues to take unprecedented aggressive action to help fight this virus. #COVID19  .
Nearly all people flown back to the US from Wuhan, China on chartered @StateDept flights  their 14-day quarantine. They are returning to family and friends and are not a risk for spreading the virus to others. #COVID19
Breaking: Trump went against the CDC  and allowed the virus-infected people to be flown back to the U.S. in the SAME plane as uninfected people. The CDC says it will cause a widespread outbreak. Trump doesn't believe in science or experts. Another "perfect" call.
Spikes on the new coronavirus have apparatus for fusing with & entering cells. Latest info @UWBiochemistry on its mechanisms might reveal why the virus readily infects people & ideas on stopping it @biorxivpreprint @veeslerlab 
China Forced To Revise Number Of Virus Cases Sharply Higher After Hubei Caught Undercounting New Infections  …
I don't have been Corona virus disease. I have been Horona virus disease. I will score a goal Trabzonspor tomorrow.
Guys plz stay safe, there might be cases of corona virus here in Kurdistan, make sure to stay clean and put on a face mask in public.
Hysteria over the novel coronavirus epidemic has sparked violent protests in Ukraine, fueled by panic and disinformation around the outbreak—even though the country has no confirmed cases of the virus.  
Multiple routes of transmission: “The virus can also be transmitted through the potential fecal-oral route. This means that stool samples may contaminate hands, food, water and cause infection when the microbes enter mouth or eyes, or inhaled.”  …
Coronavirus PSA: we're going to see a lot more confirmed cases in part because lots of places didn't have a way to actually test for the virus until recently. Just a thing to keep in mind!
“From now on, the government will further prioritize preventing the virus from spreading locally,” Prime Minister Chung Sye-kyun said. #SouthKorea is pivoting to try to stop the #CoronavirusOutbreak from spreading locally amid a surge of new  …
The news, which is said to have been corona virus disease, which is told from the press, does not reflect the truth.
In the Middle East, two elderly men in Iran were the first confirmed deaths from the virus, which has also spread to the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Israel and Lebanon  
You guys know how the corona virus started? Promaja.
Has FED lost its power? Fed offered to buy treasuries from banks, but banks didn't seem to want to sell. Banks only sold $4.6 BILLION, substantially below their usual sales. Looks like the banks may reluctant to buy stocks at these lofty levels given corona-virus uncertainty  …
Everything that is habbening in China doesn’t look like entirely like a mass virus. It looks like they’re arresting their deep state in mass. -Border shutdown -Air traffic shutdown -police not wearing protect gear -people fighting back -hospital built look like prisons
3 children among new virus cases in Japan | NHK WORLD-JAPAN News  …
The idea that it's likely any Asian looking person has family in China, and is in contact with them, and therefore at risk of transmitting a virus to *you* is as weird as me saying you might transmit your love of potatoes to me (ugh) because you're probably Irish
It started in Singapore, at a sales conference. From that one nexus, the coronavirus popped up around the world, prompting an intensive international virus hunt. 
Thank goodness the corona virus  to London yet. Brits look the same as usual. 
Y’ALL IM INFECTED WITH THE CORONA VIRUS!! @the hospital rn starting my first treatment 
We all are Suffering from Tweetorna Virus
A patient was discharged (recovered), but then tested positive again for the virus. Either discharge criteria not stringent enough, or re-infection, or the original negative tests were not truly negative for virus clearance from the body. This is a problem for #COVID19  …
#COVID19 in pregnancy. Report of 9 cases: - all throat swab positive #COVID2019 - not more severe than non pregnant, did well - no transmission to neonates (all delivered by C/S) - no virus isolated in amniotic fluid, cord blood, neonates, breast milk  …
do not click on this link its a virus  …
The global reset has officially started. Gold Standard. Digital Currencies. Stock Markets Crash. They blame Corona Virus. It's all been planned.
Don’t be selfish, make sure your children are vaccinated. If you haven’t been vaccinated yourself then do so. Rubella infection can cause birth defects if someone infected with  in contact with pregnant women and passes the virus on to those women.  …
The virus is mutating - that's what viruses do. The vast majority of mutations are meaningless. There's no reason to believe these mutations are making the virus more virulent or will cause vaccinations/medicines to be ineffective.  …
#UPDATE The WHO chief warned that if countries did not quickly mobilise to fight the spread of the virus, "this outbreak could go in any direction. It could even be messy"  
Canada is now facing: recession potential corona virus internal dissent massive personal debt increasing govt debt at bankruptcy levels political leadership running a parallel govt mass discontent 2020 is going to be an interesting year & folks should start to prepare now. 
“Mr President, I can’t agree, it’s wrong, unholy.” “Pope, we need to save our species.” “Species? Humans!” “Survival’s my goal & that’s letting the alien virus live in us; we’ve wasted enough time searching, this is the solution.” “Us as zombies?!” #scififri #scifansat #vss365
Corona  to Italy/the cold killer/goals skills and highlights
South Korea is struggling to contain #coronavirus super-spreader that was sick and went to church. Cases practically doubled overnight. This is an easily spread disease. The window to contain this virus globally is closing. United States health system needs to start preparing now
No one: Facebook Moms: “Corona Virus, I wish they came up with with a Moscato Virus”
Close enough Wait for us from 23 Feb to 25 Feb #THE_OTHERS #VIRUS_SPACE 
Stephen Miller's bride has insisted that he be quarantined alone in a sealed shipping container for their entire honeymoon; "Because of the Corona virus?" he asked, to which his new wife replied, "Sure"
Congrats to my grad student @plantmomkaty who has been selected as a 2020 Plantae Fellow Check out her Plant Science Research Summary on gene-editing for virus-free   …
Reminder: It's Friday afternoon ahead of a weekend in which no one knows the real facts or consequences of an epidemic virus.
A previously recovered novel #coronavirus patient in Chengdu, SW China's Sichuan was re-hospitalized after testing positive for the virus on Wed, the city's health administration said on Friday. The patient had previously recovered from the disease 10 days earlier. 
Let's do this also 
How one Singapore sales conference spread #coronavirus around the world: when the 109 attendees flew home, some unwittingly took the virus with them. Terrific reporting on the frantic global chase to trace them  by @NiharikaSM @felizysolo 
happy virus 
There are now at least 34 Confirmed Cases of the Coronavirus Outbreak to American Citizens. Most of them got Infected on Travel and Cruise Ships. Their are other USA Citizens who are showing signs and symptoms of the Deadly Virus and are under Medical Observation/Care
Did the Fake Media not Report my Books/Warnings on #AI, #Robotics , #5G, #bioweapon Virus= From China/bigtech dangers to all People in the world for 6 months because Books Contained the following Analysis of Facial Recognition On Retweet, and Vote Your Opinions Pls
When I recently took my daughter to an urgent care with flu symptoms they didn’t even have the ability to test for the coronavirus. How can we know how widespread it is when medical facilities lack the necessary tests to determine if someone has the virus?
In end StateDept decided everyone goes back to the States to English speaking Drs. (I support both this decision and their honesty having state dept rep on call) Heavily hinted to expect large number of passengers off ship to be positive for virus, as we are seeing around world
Watch this video:  the #COVID19 #Coronavirus with previous virus outbreaks - SARS, MERS, H1H1, Ebola @lookner  …
Coronavirus outbreak: If countries did not quickly mobilise to fight the spread of the virus, "this outbreak could go in any direction. It could even be messy," warns World Health Organization 
Singapore ministry of health official points out that even if they are able to contain #coronavirus - due to global pandemic situation there will always remain a good chance that the virus will re-seed itself in the country.  …
Fifty years ago today, Derek McKay makes his first Aberdeen start in the Scottish Cup Quarter Final tie away at Falkirk as a virus sweeps the Pittodrie squad. He scores the winner, and the rest is history. 
Corona Virus Facts. 95% of what any Government says, is a lie. 95% of what MSM says, is a fabrication. Net, we know nothing, other than something might be very wrong, that a lot of people are working overtime to lie about.
34 Americans now have #coronavirus. More are expected. CDC warns: “This new virus represents a tremendous public health threat,” Dr. Messonnier said.  …
We're holding our uplifting streak with the fourth release by Mercurial Virus 'Turning Point' is the perfect melody to start your incredible weekend.  
“These dots are actually very concerning.” The rising number of #Coronavirus cases outside of #China are concerning and indicate that the “window of opportunity” to halt the spread of the virus is closing, @WHO director-general @DrTedros  …
In South Korea, there has been a sudden spike in the cases of #coronavirus. Meanwhile in China - the virus has breached prison walls. @palkisu gets you the latest updates on the #Wuhan coronavirus 
Cause when you get cold you expect my jacket. Now I’m cold when I was prepared. I now get sick, I can only breath through one nostril, my throat Buggin, I’m hot and cold at the same time, I dunno if I caught corona virus... all because you didn’t want to wear a jacket. Smh
A crossing of the Zimmer family streams… @bgzimmer writing for @WSJ about the history of the word “virus.”  …
King Dollar rules the FX heap as virus threatens global growth  
#PengYinhua, a doctor at the Jiangxia district People’s No. 1 Hospital in #Wuhan, passed away from the #COVID19 #Coronavirus on Feb. 20. He is the 3rd doctor this month to die after contracting the virus from treating patients.  …
Xi saying this 16 days after he first told the virus to peak...  
A depressing fact: Australia, which is in summer right now, already has 21 cases of coronavirus. It means the virus will not go away with hot weather like SARS did in 2003. There's little doubt now that #COVID2019 will turn global.
But by the same token, don't just minimize COVID19 as some kind of scaremongering hoax. The rate at which this virus kills its victims is significantly higher than that of the normal seasonal flu, and it is especially dangerous to people with asthma or other respiratory illnesses
The virus crisis and the decoupling of global trade 
"Today, a number of edible plants including potatoes, tomatoes, maize, and soybeans, have been genetically modified to express a variety of vaccine targets, including hepatitis B surface antigen Norwalk virus particles and others"  …
“From now on, the government will further prioritize preventing the virus from spreading locally,” Prime Minister Chung Sye-kyun said. #SouthKorea is pivoting to try to stop the #CoronavirusOutbreak from spreading locally amid a surge of new  …
Here are my Houston Chinatown favorites that are most likely still struggling from the fake virus tweet. If you can, support them! Xinjiang bbq One Dragon Restaurant Kim Phat Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang Nguyen Ngo Cafe My Baguettes Jang Guem Tofu & BBQ San Dong Noodle House Vinh Hoa
1 Trillion ==> are we ready for this? “Oxford Economics warned that the spread of the virus to regions outside Asia would knock 1.3% off global growth this year, the equivalent of $1.1tn in lost   …
Ontario health officials say the last of the three patients to have some remaining virus in her system has now had two negative tests at least 24 hours apart, which is the standard for being cleared. 
Have you seen the creator of the virus, Hung Loo of the WuHan Bioweapons lab! 
29-year-old Chinese doctor, who postponed his wedding to treat patients infected with the deadly coronavirus, has died treating them after being infected by the virus, the ninth fatality among the healthcare providers working to contain the outbreak.  …
Oh boy. 19 people with Corona virus in Italy now. It is exploding here. The infected are very close to where I am staying
What better way to deflect from a free fall US economy than disbursing a virus, allow it to spread, then blame what is going on in the market on that virus?
EIGHT MORE VIRUS CASES IN ITALY: LOMBARDIA REGION HEALTH SECR.
6 more new virus cases in town 60 km south to Milan. 2 more in Padua. It’s 16 new #coronavirus cases in half day in Italy, at least 11 of them have NOT been in China. Patient 3 had contact with patient 1 in a marathon. Patient 2 is a primary school teacher (and pregnant)
More on potential pangolin link. Key issue is where along the wildlife trade chain pangolins picked up potential bat-CoVs. Could there be a market or farm with virus circulating that these animals were exposed to during transit?  …
Unfortunately no amount of monetary easing can stop a virus....  …
did yge even announce any sanitary precautions before the concert considering the virus or.. kinda worried um
Stunning and disturbing. #COVID19  to other virus outbreaks. 
Brace yourselves for a global DEPRESSION if this virus is not contained.  …
"you have a cold. you don't need antibiotics. give it time." - unhelpful - I could have googled that "at this very moment your body is generating antibodies to engulf & destroy the virus invading your nose and throat" - scientific - accurate - promise of epic victory
Byulharangs, this person has posted a very racist and harmful story regarding Chungha. We would like to ask everyone to report the account and story. “The corona virus is moving” (Translation courtesy of @ChunghaItalia) @ChunghaProtect  
There’s no need to be racist for #coronavirus , Fight the virus, not the people. 
Virus Recordings x Trendkill Records Feb 1st 2020 Words can't describe how much fun we had putting on this party, they seem to be getting better every time! We are scratching our heads how to better it next time! This one was for Ed Optiv Video by Alpha Lab Studios 
Why hasn't Q weighed in on Coronavirus? Consider this: The Carefully crafted (over many years) Q plan was built with a goal in mind. While I imagine they considered the possibility - the Q team mission isn't to save us from the Virus, its to expose Evil. WE need to stay alert
news of the virus spreading through Chinese prisons should remind us that the Chinese carceral system, even beyond Xinjiang, is very big, very messy, and deeply corrupt. (The usual prison numbers given exclude a wide range of detention/punitive measures.)
有你在身边 You Are By My Side This song is part of the charity project for the new album 爱不隔离 Love Does Not Isolate, featuring various artists in support of virus prevention. 
Lebanon reports first case of virus...Tracking coronavirus: Map, data and timeline #MAGA  …
YIKES 9 cases of Corona virus in Italy now. I am in Italy. Time to go into a bunker I guess...
I am pretty sure this might be used as a punch line in some films in near future. But when several countries are trying to dispel rumours & negative stereotypes associated with the virus, it’s probably a question whether it’s morally right to use it as  trope. Just saying
Somebody brought the virus to the conference. Who? (Some participants were from China, including Hubei province, Singapore health officials later learned.) This piece lays out the tracking happening behind the scenes. Incredible.  
Facts sheet on Corona virus. What every needs to know. #Ourhealth #PreventiveHealthCare Please 
Everyone regurgitating this audacious and vile sectarianism needs more help than any Corona virus victim. My prayers are with every Lebanese, Iranian and anyone around the world at risk; but I don’t think I can peacefully extend those prayers to your sick heads. 
I don't know about Corona virus par zindagi ne merko rona virus zaroor diya hai.
There is relatively little you can do, by all accounts, to avoid the virus itself beyond obsessively washing your hands before you touch your face for any reason whatsoever. But this other stuff you can start preparing for now.
Thank you Tulsi. The virus has impacted SO many people including my friends who actually live in China but go to school here. I’m grateful that you care about their health and the health of so many others.
The free world must ask more questions about #coronaviruschina truth. This indicates both Comrade Director General @DrTedros of @WHO & Emperor Corona will respond to worldwide pressure on China  clean & allow experts to visit this drop dead virus epicenter - Wuhan.  
If scientists want to study #Ebola virus & deadly pathogens, they can now go to new labs in Kinshasa #DRCongo built w/$21m from Japan. Western scientists have been mad w/DRC for not shipping samples. DRC has been exploited. Maybe this provides a  …
Businesses gradually resume as China makes progress in fight against virus  
#COVID19 #China injects record 5 Trillion yuan into their markets, as the economic impacts from the virus.. still rising."  …
ALARMING ABOUT 7K ON VOLUNTARY SELF QUARANTINE..OVER 5400 IN CA. Components of this virus also contain HIV & Is A Bioweapon. These People haven't been tested..WHY? Coronavirus: THOUSANDS across America in voluntary self-quarantine  via @MailOnline
Pakistanis have always suffered from the 'Na-Kero-Na' Virus but are all excited about the Coronavirus in China, @yazdanifauzia says in this funny Punjabi video. Must watch full video:  
There’s great concern about the spread of novel coronavirus in countries outside China and among people with no connection to China, the WHO Director-General says. There’s still a window of opportunity to contain the virus, but it "is narrowing." 
The #Coronavirus spread to Chinese prisons in at least 3 provinces, resulting in 11 officials being sacked. 200 prisoners and 7 prison wardens tested positive for the virus at Rencheng prison in eastern #China’s Shandong  …
#Italy Rome, February 21 - -6 people w/ #coronavirus in Lombardy -are all about 40. -people urged to stay at home, avoid social contact. -250 people in isolation and would be tested for the deadly virus. All six are in serious condition  …
This cannot be overstated !!!!! Trump OVERRULED the CDC to let exposed people to the  to the United States !!! If you cant kill them by taking away insurance or  try bringing a potentially deadly virus to the unrich !!
How dangerous is the measles virus? 
Someone did you wrong? Learn to let it go. The truth is they will ruin more of your life if you allow them to invade your mind like a virus. This will in turn affect the quality of your life. The best thing to do is to move on. Show that you’re strong enough to take control.
#BREAKING WHO chief says window of opportunity to stem virus 'narrowing' 
Some people quarantined in Wuhan field hospitals told CNN they had tested negative for the virus and were afraid they would contract it in the facility. The WHO said: "China is facing an unprecedented crisis and is responding in an unprecedented manner." 
Sure exactly. The point is that there has been a view posted around social media that we shouldn’t worry about the #coronavirus because... hey... the flu. Well the trouble is now we have both: the flu and a new potentially deadly virus we don’t fully understand.
The Virus Cannot Dampen the Spirit! A touching Mahashivratri wish from Wuhan, China, where the Coronavirus originated. Many Chinese seekers were unable to attend the event due to the epidemic & travel restrictions. Hearty wishes to them from #IshaYogaCenter 
Want to know the origins of the Corona virus outbreak 
HUBEI REVISES NEW VIRUS CASE COUNT FROM 349 TO 775 - Hubei leaders will be sacked next as they were supposed to do such revisions after the stock markets closed
Since the #President has also said that that the virus outbreak would be over by April, I assume he got his medical degree right before he diagnosed his bone spurs. #Trump  … via @@gizmodo
The Metal Virus Saga is over, but that doesn't mean things are back to normal. As the world begins picking up the pieces, who will be missing? What villains will escape? And who will go back on their word?  …
Been to 4 international airports within the past one week and surprisingly, I think Lagos Airport deployed the most effective measures in preventing the Corona Virus. Was impressed somewhat.
DO YOU TAKE THIS MASKED MAN?: Philippine couples brave virus to exchange vows in mass wedding.  
I trust absolutely nothing about the CCP , nothing they say , nothing they do . How did this virus start, where did it start , how bad is it ? We really do not know because they are treating it like a state secret .  …
With China at a full stand still. Car sales -92% in first half of Feb, manufacturing, M1 data in free fall, why is no one talking about virus impact on gold supply? China world's largest gold producer by far. Imagine work stoppage impacting all industry. Gold shortage possible? 
My mom made Rasam for dinner just now. I AM NOW INVINCIBLE. Virus aavathu mayiravathu
British passengers who have been quarantined on a cruise ship in Japan because of the #coronavirus outbreak, are beginning to disembark and are due to be flown home this evening. A total of 634 cruise passengers contracted the virus. Latest on #COVID19:  
WHO SAID CONCERNED ABOUT VIRUS INCREASE IN SHANDONG || WHO SAYS CONCERNED ABOUT INCREASE OF VIRUS CASE IN IRAN @RedboxWire these dudes have been behind the ball since day 1
WHO SAID CONCERNED ABOUT VIRUS INCREASE IN SHANDONG, ALSO IRAN
'The virus was spreading widely. We didn’t know which corner of the ship, which person was infected,' said Ms Ip, who admitted it was hard to stay calm as the number of cases steadily rose 
Oh, you’re a herpetologist? Name every herpes virus.  …
CCP responsibility to stop the virus spreading! And they fail to control the virus in the beginning because they cover it up and arrest people for spreading news! They should be held accountable! 
WOBURN CORONA VIRUS- what are we doing about this
Literally we had one patient (no. 17) who caught the virus in Singapore, immediately started wearing masks and maintained rigorous hygiene, was tested and admitted, and was released a week later fully healthy. No family infected. Amazing how abiding by protocol works!!!!
Italy going nuts. The hashtag #abbracciauncinese -“hug a Chinese” was launched as a supposedly anti-racist thing following virus related discrimination (it’s weird, right?) Now racist people frightened by 6 confirmed cases in Lombardia use the hashtag sarcastically. I despair
Start Paying Attention. The virus is spreading, killing more people, effecting Stk. Mkt, global economy Watch: World Health Organization holds press conference on the coronavirus outbreak  …
Outraged residents of a central Ukrainian town protested against the arrival of evacuees from China amid fears of a #coronavirus spread. So far, no confirmed cases of the virus have been registered in Ukraine. 
SCARY: Fed has been indirectly buying MASSIVE amounts of stocks to pump up stocks. Now enters corona-virus with its DISASTROUS effect on Chinese economy. USA will begin feeling the pain soon. Then what does Fed do when banks no longer want to exchange treasuries for stocks?
There's only one reason where a free world globalist like me will agree with closing borders: For a Virus. So why does @realDonaldTrump want to shut down borders for refugee caravans but leaving it open for the Coronavirus  in by every which way.
Your heartbreaking photo of today is this one: Donbas IDPs(internally displaced persons) brought some food and sweets for Wuhan evacuees. “They told us war is our fault; they will tell you the same about the virus” 
Iran reported 4 deaths from the coronavirus — the most outside China. It has confirmed 18 cases. The virus has affected 76,000 people worldwide, with new cases in the Middle East including: UAE (9), Egypt (1), Lebanon (1), Israel (1). 
"Expanded screening for the coronavirus has been postponed amid issues with a test developed by CDC....The CDC has also had to postpone its plans to screen samples collected during flu surveillance for the virus using public health labs"  …
Hmm. How does Fed pump up stock prices if banks no longer want to sell them treasuries & buy stocks with $$? (Since 9/19, Fed INDIRECTLY bought $1/2 TRILLION in stocks by buying treasuries from banks who used $$to buy stocks. Corona-virus scare may cut bank's demand for stocks
New from @gregkoblentz: A #biotech firm made a smallpox-like virus on purpose. Nobody seems to care:  
Two things are infinite: Nabih Berry and the spreading of Corona Virus. And im not sure about Corona.
let not forget that TRUMP wants to CUT funding for World Health Organization that actually fights the spread of Corona Virus #ImpeachedTrump #Resist #FuckTrump #voteblue  …  …
King Dollar rules the FX heap as virus threatens global growth  
Theory: The corona virus was bioengineered to destroy the fgc  …
2/ ... infected with the virus "before they entered into the Japan territorial waters", however, DP didn't take any preventive measures for their guests inside the ship. The #DiamondPrincess cruise ship is registered in the UK, hence, the UK has...
Daimler warns of "significant adverse effects" of virus outbreak  
this new one with @virus_syndicate is one of my favorite things I've ever made
Coronavirus has spread from #Iran to Canada & now Lebanon. The Islamic Republic has hidden the extent of the virus in #Iran for weeks & is now contributing to its spread across the globe. A major brewing  …
Yoichi Masuzoe, @MasuzoeYoichi former #Japanese minister of health, labor and welfare: #China Japan cooperation needed to fight virus for economy and Olympics 
I've been at home for past three days, sick as a dog. As they say in Serbia: "some virus cought me" It's beautiful outside, but I'm too sick to go for a walk. So I'm sitting in my living room looking at my little corner forest garden, which is starting to bloom... Enchanted... 
Dear @ygent_official ds account is confirmed spreading virus in ds @Twitter. We truly appreciate if u wl cooperate @TwitterSupport & help us @TwitterSafety for immediate response & take down ds nasty accounts before they infect it to others. Thank you 
if you click on this link you will be redirected to homestuck dot com and it will give your device a virus called homestuck  …
it sounds so selfish of us to  about a concert when people are literally dying because of this virus, but some of us worked so hard to save for this trip and our efforts to plan everything will all go to waste.
After the official confirmation on the #CoronaViruesue infection in Iran and Lebanon, I’m worried about reaching that Virus to Syria in the current miserable medical situation and the poverty with also million of IDPs and people sleeping in the nowhere.
Biological warfare. I'm starting to wonder about how entire countries  under the boot of government...with a virus being the boot. Notice...they don't have 2nd Amendment protections.
#coronavirus is made in China & exported to the world. China's coverup of this drop dead virus has killed more Chinese people & earned the title of Emperor Corona's Chernobyl.  …
cant help but feel that excessive personal nostalgia and excessive cultural nostalgia are part of the same phenomenon that is ultimately some type of mental virus that should be resisted
The Corona Virus is 100x's Deadlier in China because of Communism! The Communist Leaders have locked citizens in their homes! People do not access to Life Saving Medicine, food, Necessities, etc.. Socialism is the 1st step to Commumism! 
i think its because of the corona virus, so many factories are shut down :(  … at least we got posters yaay
LEBANON — FIRST CASE OF CORONA VIRUS REPORTED LEBANON HEALTH MINISTER SAYS WOMAN ARRIVING FROM IRANIAN CITY OF QOM TESTED POSTIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS, TWO OTHER SUSPECTED CASES Canada also just had a case from a woman returning from Iran...  …
Now that Pogba is back expect top reds to blame him and call him a 'virus' whenever we play bad or drop points. I know we've been shit all season and currently have our worst PL points tally ever while Pogba hasn't even been around but logic is not really something they use
JYPE: due to the current virus situation, please let's avoid gathering at the airport until things are settled down fansites: idk I can't read
Organizers of the Tokyo Marathon cut more than 30,000 public runners from the race, citing concerns about the spread of the Covid-19 virus 
A novel #coronavirus pneumonia patient in Chengdu, Sichuan, tested positive for the virus on Wednesday after having originally recovered from the disease 10 days earlier. #COVID19
lrt, Byul said that promotions are more tough because it isn't fun since there are no fans (for prerecording etc due to the virus)
BREAKING - The CDC is still not taking screen samples collected by its national flu-surveillance network for the #COVID19 coronavirus. The agency declined to answer further questions on the matter. Winning, no virus outbreak in the US!  …
Trumpism is the deadliest virus runnin’ loose in the world today.  …
Doctors searched for a cure, a solution. But they were wrong. I watched the Corvid Virus take my son and wife, then myself. "Dad, it ain't bad!" "It's for the birds," I sulk, now a raven like they'd  "What now?" "We wing it!" my wife crows. #SciFiFri #SciFanSat #vss365
I don't mean to turn all biologist on you but it's just a regular virus and symptoms can easily be cured if you take care...but  people should be more careful because of their weak immune system
Sienna  through.  …
Much of China shut down #2 economy,. Major public gatherings suspended in Japan#3 economy due to virus surge. Six-fold rise in 3 days of S.Korea virus cases #12 economy. Impact reaching US economy too. But US investors partying,wildly buying call options?  …
Four Chinese prisons now have a total of over 500 virus cases, according to  …
An #Iran Health Ministry official said as several people in Qom who have been infected with #CoronaVirus have no contact with China, it appears that the virus is present in the country. It was probably brought in by Chinese workers in the city of Qom. #CoronaVirusIran 
No, it's due to oversupply. Even before the China virus, OPEC was cutting production in an effort to shore up prices and the main reason their production cuts didn't work is because the USA matched each cut with increased supply. Trump in effect broke OPEC.
China's anti-epidemic efforts impressive, says Hungarian FM "Building a hospital in a couple of days is something that I'm not quite sure anywhere else in the world could happen... if China wins over the virus, then the whole world wins over the virus"  
the pressed locals in  saying this is a c*rona virus outbreak.,.,,.first of all that is Racist my guy and second of all, as rapline said in ugh!, all that hate won't change anything hun, it's still bts at the top of the charts no matter what  …
1. People infected with #covid19 had serial testing for virus in the upper respiratory tract. "Higher viral loads...were detected soon after symptom onset" and that this pattern "resembles that of patients with influenza" 
Corona virus at South Korean church cult sparks infection fears.. Almost half the country’s 104 cases have been linked to a follower of the controversial Shincheonji Church of Jesus. Always check which Church / mosque you pray in for asking God to save you from Corona.
Given they either had no clue or sat on this crisis, and that a Canadian woman has contracted the virus while in Iran and brought it to Canada, it's very possible to have reached every neighboring nation in the Middle East.  …
Finding "traces of virus" using PRC tests does not mean they've found live, infectious virus. They could be finding remnants of killed viruses. No risk from them. Important to know how long people infected shed live virus capable of infecting others. But PCR can't tell you that.  …
6 new virus cases in Italy along night, all Italians, all in town 60km south of Milan. The patient zero though is allegedly an Italian travelling back from China on January 21, who never had symptoms of #coronavirus
Corona Virus arriving to Lebanon and seeing the economic crisis  …
#coronavirus #covid19 I'm on  in my kitchen here in Australia and I'm watching the Earth fall apart. China locked down. Iran virus everywhere. South Korea cases exploding. Ukraine riots. This is really sad. 
COVID-19: The WHO advises that healthy persons shouldn't wear masks, unless they are taking care of a patient with suspected coronavirus infection. But fear of contracting this deadly virus has driven many in East and Southeast Asia to ignore that advice.  …
Descendants of Africans should be ultra sensitive in making disparaging  about the people of Chinese descent,specifically during this corona virus issue.Let's not forget we are still fighting to debunk negative beliefs held by some about our people.Just saying!
. @UMich is a global university. I extend my support to those affected by the #COVID19 virus and I condemn the manifestations of xenophobia associated with the outbreak. U-M is a place of education, not discrimination.  
South Korea considers raising virus alert level from "orange" to "red"; a meeting will take place on Friday morning - Yonhap
I obviously don’t think a single case proves a thesis but prefer erring on the side of #coronavirus caution than nothing-to-worry-about-here. Now we have flu + this new (not yet understood) virus. The Govt of #China wouldn’t lock down 60 million people in #Hubei for nothing.
Breaking News Is racism spreading faster than the corona virus??.. In New York City, a man assaults a woman wearing a face mask, calling her a "diseased b****." On a Los Angeles subway, a man proclaims Chinese people are filthy... CNN  …
Just in: No clearance yet by Beijing yet for India's relief assistance to China to deal with Corona virus; Sources say some reluctance by the Chinese side to give clearance" which authorities in New Delhi are "unable to figure out". #WuhanCoronavirus
Pray for these asian countries. They're getting hit the hardest with this madness. Research anons, the official reports are not accurate. 10000s are dying. This is not a natural virus. It's a bio-weapon. Doesn't matter if it got out on purpose or accidentally....it got out.
Reuters: Iran health ministry official says it is possible the new corona virus exists in all Iranian cities
IRAN HEALTH MINISTRY OFFICIAL SAYS IT IS POSSIBLE THE NEW CORONA VIRUS EXISTS IN ALL IRANIAN CITIES
Is the virus from a Wuhan lab? No way! "This Wuhan lab has been doing some excellent research work," says a Malaysian virologist. "There is no genome sequence of #COVID19 to show that it is an engineered virus to be used as a bioweapon"  
I really hope when Corona reaches Lebanon that we do not go in panic mode, no idea if the ministry of health is ready, it will happen sooner or later, you cannot stop a virus from spreading, you can only slow it down so you have less casualties.
Me and @Brooksstar have been struggling since that corona virus 
seems like everyone's forgetting about the concentration camps in china that holds over 1 million muslims? not hundreds, not thousands, MILLIONS. why isn't on the news? on social media? why aren't any celebs talking about it? hope those islamophobic rats catch the corona virus.
It feels like the next step for markets is to give up the believe that the Corona Virus is a V-shaped recovery opportunity as it accelerates growth outside of China. Oil bound 10% in the last week or so but is rolling over. If it breaks $45, things are bad. 1/ 
I said this a few weeks ago. It’s still my view.Despite the irrational exuberance of financial markets, I cannot believe the level  about the impact of the virus on the global and Oz economies. The govt is irresponsible to rule out stimulus.  …
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
For everyone concerned about all of the fun events being cancelled in Japan in order to prevent the spread of the Corona Virus; please don't worry, you can  on overcrowded trains to Work/School 5 days a week
So because one old lady refused to be tested she exposed and infected a couple hundred people to the corona virus, this the spike in South Korea. The old lady traveled many places in 2 days... 
johnny really is a happy virus 
Eleven of the 13 Americans who were being monitored at the University of Nebraska Medical Center for coronavirus after evacuating a cruise ship in Japan tested positive for the virus, the hospital says. 
South Korea. Biggest MERS outbreak outside of the KSA. Facilitated by habust and hospitals. Did all the issues that helped support spread of this weakly transmitting MERS-CoV virus get addressed?
#BREAKING A health ministry official, Minoo Mohraz, says the origin of #CoronaOutbreak in Iran was probably the Chinese workers of the city of Qom, who had visited China. The virus has so far affected 18 people, at least, four of whom have died
A second person who contracted coronavirus while in hospital in South Korea has died. They were a patient at the same mental hospital as the countries other coronavirus victim who died yesterday. Several others at the hospital have the virus.
3/ ... to show traces of the virus through nucleic acid tests. There were similar results in Canada, where nose and throat swabs taken from a couple who had recovered from Covid-19 revealed they still had traces of the virus. A minority of patients who were discharged from...
Want to minimise contact amid the virus outbreak, but need to make a food delivery? Throw it. 
honestly i’m worried for the dome concert tomorrow, many ppl are either scared to go or not planning to anymore since there’s a case of the virus there, the fact that yge stayed mute and didn’t even put out a sanitary notice show they couldn’t care less
if the fanlive will be postponed too, its fine like the virus is indeed contagious and the outbreak in korea is already a 'national emergency' (as what has said on article saying TFM is postponed). HEALTH over EVERYTHING.
Schools are shuttered, churches are telling worshipers to stay away and some mass gatherings are banned as South Korea grapples with a ballooning number of cases of a new virus. 
Rest & Teaser I am sorry to announce this decision. Due to the new virus, we decided to take a short break . And please, trust us, after the break we will continue uploading pics of Lia. 
but more than that, whatever txt is busy with these days, i hope they're being extra careful and taking extra precaution the virus is very contagious.
BREAKING: Advisor to #Iran’s health ministry Alireza Vahabzadeh announces number of deaths from #Coronavirus in Iran has risen to 4. Fours pppl were confirmed to be infected with the virus in Tehran, 7 in Qom and 2 more in Rasht, brining total no of infected in Iran to 18.
#Vietnam reports supply chain issues from virus, says may hit Samsung output - Reuters  …
Say No to toxic virus, Yes to Happy virus. 
IT IS DUE TO THE CORONA VIRUS, THEY SAID THEY NEED TO ENSURE THE HEALTH OF THE FANS AND THE ARTIST AND THAT IS TOTALLY FINE  …
With all this worry of that horrible virus going around i ALWAYS wear a mask when going outside atm!!!! 
See how the virus is topping charts like it is Adele's album.  …
Who in Japan can get tested for virus? Where?  …
Today I had my influenza vaccine, the injectable form, which is an “inactivated" vaccine. It works by exposing you to a small dose of the virus, which helps your body to develop immunity to the disease. MOH provides influenza vaccination to all our frontline healthcare workers. 
Question: If a virus was to wipe out the whole of the male population on the planet, how many trans 'women' would survive? Get someone on to answer this would you? Women need safe spaces otherwise when this  they'll be dragging bodies outta the ladies toilets
Vodafone Germany just uploaded a #ad on Facebook with the headline. 'Are we gonna get soon #bitcoin's instead of pocket money?' The virus is spreading. 
Due to the corona virus in China, crude oil price fell from $73/barrel 8/01/2020 to $53/barrel 8/02/2020. A 30% decline in one month. This is the  that countries like Nigeria rely on for revenue. One day, it will not be funny
Oil falls 1% as spreading  concerns over demand hit  
China's Geely starts online auto sales as virus epidemic keeps buyers at home  
Just A Minor Consequence For The Abhorrent Animal Cruelty That Takes Place In China China Car Sales Slump 92% in First Half of February on Virus  …
Indian govt catches the Pakistan virus.  …
Already before the virus hit, the Chinese pledge to more than double agricultural imports probably required a material rebound in agricultural prices – that in itself looks sort of optimistic by now. The Phase 1 deal is DEAD. Weekly editorial ->  
Is it possible over 8000 people have died in less than a month in Wuhan? And  about OUR Quarantine/no travel restrictions in Australia??? What is the TRUTH about this virus and the REAL number of deaths!  …
eventhough there's no graduation this year due to corona virus outbreak, still manage to dress up for today (+ dikasih foto studio juga hihi) but still, alhamdulillah, officially master of science, cant believe i manage to survive here for 2 years!!! 
2/ ... sharing food in the cafeteria, and they were doing casinos, plays, and dances. #DiamondPrincess had known that an HK guest had been found infected with the virus "before they entered into the Japan territorial waters", however, DP didn't take any...
The corona virus has been in Iran for a long time. Islamic Republic liar authorities have donated respiratory masks to China. Now the Iranian people are suffering from a shortage of masks and can hardly afford. #cronavirus
Chimpanzee Coryza virus, renamed RSV, was introduced in human population by #polio #vaccines. #RSV "produced illness in humans: acute respiratory diseases, croup, bronchiolitis, pneumonia & #asthma ranging from mild coryza to fatal bronchiolitis."  … #WakeUp
ADVISORY: The  is enjoined to take note of the institution's Updated Precautionary Measures for Corona Virus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). 
It’s a virus. Not anyone’s fault! #COVID-19 doesn’t attack people based on their ethnicity or  It just goes, “Ah, human host... yum...let’s invade”. Every leader in the world will be thinking “how do I handle this without over- or under-reacting”. Tricky.
Plant Science Research Weekly  … Reviews: in vitro ligand-receptor interactions; hormone pathways; ion uptake in roots. COP1 destabilizes DELLA, G protein in defense/devo, yields w/isoprene emissions, germline imaging, gene-editing for virus-free banana. 
On the day I was due to fly to #MWC20 I find this a little spooky - the novel #TheEyesofDarkness in 1981 by @deankoontz "predicted" a 2020 Wuhan-based virus... #COVID19 
Americans are skeptic about the unity Chinese people have in each other and their trust in the govt during the corona virus crisis bc we lack unity amongst our own, and have a shared distrust in govt. Our system breeds isolation, making us cynical to unity and trust elsewhere.
The places where humans live in close contact with bats — and rely on them for their livelihood — show how hard it is  eliminate the risk of animal-human virus transmission 
A prayer goes out to all the Innocent Chinese victims who died from this virus They had Names , lives & families You’re not forgotten 
Japan's health minister says the last cruise ship passengers who tested negative for a new virus will leave the Diamond Princess after a much-criticized quarantine of the vessel ended. 
China Car Sales Slump 92% in First Half of February on Virus.  …
#STUDY: Vaccinated for #SHINGLES Can Infect Others with #Varicella Zoster Virus  … 58% of immunized individuals shed #vaccine varicella virus DNA in saliva over 4 weeks. Not unvaxxed kids, vaxxed adults are spreading VZV. #LearnTheRisk 
I am sorry this happened to you! I understand people are worried but they are using this virus as a new way to be racist and it’s disgusting and upsets me I know there is a lot of us here that would never do this and would have no issues being next to you on pubic transport
I think the corona virus impact on the auto sector will be much worse than many realize. My guess: March data will show Q1 global car sales dropped by 10-20%. April earnings season will dent consumer confidence. Heading for biggest annual drop in global car sales in a decade.
North Korea cancels marathon due to virus
Telegram channel for corona virus updates. Please bookmark this and if social media is shutdown you can still use this to get updates.  …
Another unlucky situation happened. One of Japanese biggest melee tournament, Reimeisai#1 was cancelled cuz of New Corona Virus situation in Japan. I’m cursed.  …
 petition to STOP YOUTUBE FROM CENSORING CORONA VIRUS blows past 15,000 signature goal in hours. I signed, please do the same and put @YouTube on  …
(6th LD) S. Korea steps up containment efforts as virus cases jump to 204  …
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
Morona Virus is spreading  …
Great to write this Perspective for Molecular Ecology with @lunn_tamika on pathogen dynamics and host population genetic structure - following a study on Nipah virus by @nycbat and  …
VIRUS OUTBREAK IN CHINA JAILS
just found out one of the corona virus symptoms is a ‘general feeling of unwellness’. Think I might have it haha
Update: A #COVID19 patient in the southwestern city of Chengdu has tested positive for the virus 10 days after recovering and being discharged from the hospital.
Update: Peng Yinhua, a 29-year-old Wuhan doctor who had postponed his wedding to treat #COVID19 patients, died Thursday night after  infected with the virus, according to local health authorities.
The number of people in South Korea being tested for coronavirus has risen to 3,180, up from 2,707 this morning. (This does not mean they have the virus; many are being tested as a precaution)  …
Hang on...riddle me this. If you’ve tested POSITIVE for Corona virus while in quarantine....shouldn’t you STAY IN QUARANTINE??? Not be flown, exposing more people (cabin crew, airport, hospital staff etc) to your home states to be quarantined again?
Mahan Air W5115 landed in Beirut, and according to the aviation authorities it was "thoroughly checked" for COVID-19 and found free of it. The virus has an incubation period of 14 days, what exactly was checked then? Why were the passengers not quarantined?
BOJ's Kuroda says watching with 'grave concern' as virus hits Asian economies  
Unfortunately even a virus outbreak can't keep the white wankers away  …
Suzuka motorsport thanksgiving festival in March has been cancelled due to Corona Virus. Hey, what's going on in Japan? Hope get well soon !!!
Gold to rally towards $1,850 if virus lasts into Q2 - Goldman Sachs  …
Do you know how tired those who worked behind the scenes for the sake of fighting for X1, but they keep fighting. SOB, WFX1 & unions, they have to deal with agencies to convince them, they have to deal with haters, and now have to deal with corona virus. Please believe in them.  …
Every day we're learning more about this virus and none of it is good.  …
This 24 stomach virus is the fricken worse
Do you know how tired those who worked behind the scenes for the sake of fighting for X1, but they keep fighting. SOB, WFX1 & unions, they have to deal with agencies to convince them, they have to deal with haters, and now have to deal with corona virus. Please believe in them.
FNC did the correct decision to postpone the fanmeeting looking at the state of corona virus cases in the country, it's worrisome. I mean I'm already here in SK and even so i did expect a postponement when i heard the news
Earlier today I received two alert messages about the corona virus outbreak and maybe that’s why the government is taking serious precautions regarding this issue :(((
Due to corona virus outbreak in south korea, THE 4TH OFFLINE PROTEST IS CANCELLED TOMORROW. There are now 156 cases of corona virus in korea, postpone the protest is the best solution at the moment. I believe God has the best plan for X1 and One It, we can do it another time!
listen... if playm are worried abt the virus outbreak it's better that they cancel the fan showcase all together and only do a livestream of it on vlive. 794 people is still a big crowd that can be potentially dangerous
They cancelled the protest tomorrow due to Corona Virus Outbreak omg it's heartbreaking cz they've prepared anything ready but still safety first! Let's respect the decision  …
Major shoutout to SOB + wfx1 team who tried everything to make it happen, it’s the virus so we can’t do anything about it. Let’s just do what we can do for now. Im positive that they’re discussing some other plan to make sure we’re sounding our voices and that it’ll be heard.
First Hong Kong policeman infected by virus, concern of contagion amongst force  
EVERYONE! PLEASE DON'T BLAME THE KONEITS STAFF WHO PREPARED THIS 4TH PROTEST... THE CORONA VIRUS IS SPREADING IN KOREA. SO LET'S UNDERSTAND. DON'T BLAME @/support_ourboys staff for this. We still have another chance to do this 4th protest. Don't worry and don't give up!
We organized the protest two weeks ago and decided to hold a large demonstration as the corona virus seemed to have lulled.
Tomorrow's offline protest is CANCELLED due to CORONA VIRUS. It's fine as long as everyone is safe. We still have another chance. Cheer up everyone!
Don’t you dare to blame @/support_ourboys staffs for what have happened now. This is something that we don’t expected to be happened and it’s all bcs of that BAD CORONA VIRUS
Not even top 3.... Corona virus is a loser
My Opinion: This cancellation is not up to K-oneit or Support our boys. Korean government has to decide to stop virus from spreading. Hope I-oneit understand:(
This fundamentally ugly slab of charmless marine brutalism, belching diesel fumes 24/7, causing unwanted tourist congestion at every port it calls at, is what narcissistic beard creep Richard Branson thinks is just what we need. Stocked up on virus masks and body bags, I hope... 
Ouch! #China car sales tumble 92% in first half of February on virus. ‘Barely anybody’ buying cars, China car association says.  
Got this from my friend who lives in Korea now. "Korea didn't have many corona virus cases but now it's exploded in numbers because of this crazy Christian cult. They deliberately lied to authorities and are encouraging members to lie and hide. Now the virus is spreading...
Lol Corruption virus
Meet Doreen Moraa Moracha The woman who turned her beautiful story into a beautiful message. Who turned her lemons into sweet lemonade. Who refused to let her HIV positive status define her life. Who refused to give power to a tiny virus that cannot talk 
The places where humans live in close contact with bats — and rely on them for their livelihood — show how hard it is  eliminate the risk of animal-human virus transmission 
Which Virus is blocking it from the Number #1 spot?????  …
He coughed, resting his hand on the bioreactor that had spawned the plague virus. Plastic sheeting that made his apartment a bio weapons lab muffled the #soldiers’ battering ram. They were too late. Only population control stops climate change. One day they’d understand. 
Even as illnesses and deaths from the new virus increase, fear is advancing like a tsunami, @APklug 
South Korea's February exports to China shrink as virus hits supply chains  
7/ ... taken steps earlier to prevent group contact inside the #DiamondPrincess. Plus, the DiamondPricess did NOTHING to protect the passengers by taking any preventive measures even after they knew an HK guest had been found infected with this virus...
Most of the Americans who were being monitored at the University of Nebraska Medical Center for coronavirus after evacuating a cruise ship in Japan tested positive for the virus, the hospital says. 
COVID19 response in the Philippines while the rest of Asia suffers a pandemic: See no virus. Hear no virus. Speak no virus. Walang problema! We have no virus! It’s good be China’s friend!
2) as a reminder, a study earlier today even found that all races have relatively equal gene expression of the receptor of the #SARSCoV2 virus target. So there is no “Asian susceptibility” evidence.   …
US Military has blocked bases in S.Korea due to virus  …
US military in SouthKorea has raised its danger level and urgently blocked all bases and facilities in #Daegu due to the #CORONA VIRUS spread. A large-scale cluster of infections was found in Daegu, with 78 confirmed cases reported in a local church: media reports
Early this year a virus known as Corona Virus broke out killing many people. Who would have thought that Chloroquine an antimalarial medication that used to itch our body back in those days will now be the cure. This life when is your turn it  to easily. #FridayThoughts
CORONA VIRUS TRACED TO THE BRITISH CROWN BILL AND MELINDA GATES NOBODY CAN ESCAPE WHAT IS COMING  … #DCQStaff #trump2020 @realDonaldTrump  @deanomight1 
Mad The Shincheonji cult (don't call them a church cause they're not) told their members to not attend Shincheonji services and instead attend other normal church services due to the coronavirus situation And to make it so that Shincheonji isn't the only one affected by the virus  …
Seeing this hurts me greatly. I’m a proud American, who immigrated from China as a child, and haven’t been to China in years. This virus knows no ethnic or racial boundaries. We need to stop the xenophobia and unfair discrimination. Thank you .  …
China car sales tumble 92% in first half of February on virus  
From shopping to eating out, virus control measures — such as temperature checks — are still having an impact on everyday life in Shanghai, China's economic juggernaut. 
In a lab, a bat coronavirus skipped a couple of steps that typically inhibit the virus' ability to infect humans. So scientists went looking for evidence that these viruses were infecting people in the real world. They found it. 
Things just got real as the virus has reached Hello Kitty -- theme park Sanrio Puroland will close from tomorrow through March 12 to prevent spread of the coronavirus  
Really interesting development. Many patients have seroconverted before PCR tests can detect the virus This IgM test needs to be made available everywhere  
#Coronavirus latest: -China cases top 75,000, death toll rises to 2,236 -China car sales fall 92% on virus impact -Shandong province finds 200 cases in prison -South Korea has 52 more cases with most of them tied to a church  
Beginning to hear n read racism news toward Asians on Corona Virus COVID-19. Who ever thinks all Asians are infected with the virus you are incredibly ignorant and a  on now
"true number of cases is unknown, because..US is testing only those..arrived from China or..in close contact with confirmed patients" "authorities need to be prepared for..[much] wider outbreak" Virus is much more widespread in US than CDC numbers show  …
#China clashes with foreign media over #coronavirus claims “We may never know if the spread of the virus could have been prevented by earlier action. But the fact that China chose secrecy & inaction turned the possibility of an epidemic into a reality”  …
China car sales tumble 92% in first half of February on virus  
#Coronavirus: Another doctor has died in China of @COVID19. The death is the 2nd physician death in 2 days. Dr. Peng Yinhan, 29, treated patients at a #Wuhan hospital. He's the 8th health care worker to die. More than 1700 reported to have contracted the virus during patient care  …
BOJ Kuroda says virus impact likely biggest topic at G20 meeting  
After the virus has prevented us  to the office, one had to make do with a makeshift office, and this is what I came up with, luckily though, someone was at the side, cheering me as usual! 
I'm predicting that #COVID19/ #Wuhan_flu/ #ChimeraVirus is way more contagious than measles. This graphic from deep web sources illustrates how the virus is being spread. It's spreading because of the shared sewer pipes and the pipe "burbs". 
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
From shopping to eating out, virus control measures — such as temperature checks — are still having an impact on everyday life in Shanghai, China's economic juggernaut. 
I agree, Joe. I think the Corona virus story is getting my publisher to do an earlier release then April 14, 2020. PRAY BIG! I genuinely believe I am putting my life at risk with this book. Dr. Jeff Bradstreet was one of my daughter’s doctors and we know what happened to him! 
Latest from Bloomberg @economics : -Goods, food shortages due to virus raise the spectre of faster inflation across Asia -Airlines warn of first global traffic drop since 2009 on virus -Governments are starting to use fiscal firepower to boost economies 
Just a reminder that YG cancelled all their bg events due to safety issues from the Corona Virus, but blackpink will still be performing for their concert. They literally give zero shts about their gg's and they aren't afraid to show it
The propaganda department in virus-stricken #Hubei Province has engaged over 1,600 censors to scrub the internet of “sensitive” information relating to the #coronavirus outbreak, according to an internal document obtained by The Epoch 
Why #Iran parliament elections Friday matter in a tweet: Tehan MP Mahmoud Sadeghi: "After covering up the tragic killings of Nov., 3 days of lying about shooting down a plane, now you hide the outbreak & spread of a virus? Why do you damage public trust so much?"  …
#BREAKING - Most of the Americans who were being monitored at the University of Nebraska Medical Center for #coronavirus after evacuating a cruise ship in Japan have tested positive for the virus, the hospital says.  …
Even those who recover from the Wuhan virus may still be infectious. 
A 29 year old respiratory doctor Peng Yinhua in Wuhan, who delayed his wedding, to continue working died on Thursday. He contracted the virus and was admitted to hospital on 25 January. Local district media said he still had wedding invitations on his desk. 
544 members of South Korea's Shinchonji Daegu church have virus symptoms (This is the church with dozens of new cases in the past 2 days)  …
East China's Shandong Province reported 200 #COVID19 cases from the Rencheng Prison on Thu., bringing the total to 207 in the facility - Virus brought in by affected prison guard - Treatments underway - Provincial justice chief among eight officials removed from office 
China Car Sales Fell 92% in First Half of February on Virus: PCA
look at you, you wanted to know who be lurking and now you have a virus on your twitter
The popo would be restless in their slaughter house, today is 721 and there would be action in Yuen Long. Should give them a miss this time, high chances they’re carrying the virus. Let  out together and just stay around each other  …
The cult leader Lee Man-hee on internal messenger, 'we know that the virus is spread by the demon, to destroy us, like Job's absolute trust in God. However we are the son of the Lord, family of the Lord. We need to win the test, be unseduced and firm our trust in God. /wow 
Just received text messages from South Korean government asking those who have visited Daegu and showing respiratory symptoms or fever to contact nearby medical centres. The country declared Daegu as a special management zone as virus cases surge #대구 
When one student sat down at a table, other students whispered to one another before leaving, Tevinh Nguyen, a senior at Arizona State University, says. Another student was yelled at and blamed for bringing the virus to campus as she walked home at night. 
President of the church in South Korea connected to dozens of coronavirus infections says the devil created the virus there because he saw the church growing rapidly and wanted it to stop  …
Good thread here The virus hit to supply chains will last a lot longer than many are expecting (IMO, recovery in Chinese consumption will also be a long   …
The irony of a professor in molecular medicine having his tweet on the corona virus labeled as "dangerous misinformation". Maybe Anand should stop attending TV shows and get back to his lab. H/t @jamewils for this link:  
it was hard to figure out which videos to use. but here it is @SeaOfThieves #Contest #SeaOfThieves #SOTContest @ChappersChapman @ChrisMarlow666 @JasonRCross from cannon one digs, to air shots, to some close pvp, funny to watch older videos lol.  
Look at the cases above the random line I drew - they are much more explosive in places where this virus thrives (5-10c is where they get super active according to experts) & so lower than this u get it somewhat inactivated. Hence Southeast Asia not as bad!!! 
Commie Tricks (CoronaVirus) 1st the Commies made the virus. 2nd they released it. 3rd they offer a poisonous vaccine with a mind control microchip in it. 
Media release 12 COVID-19: The 9 year old and the 37 year old announced on February 19th as under investigation for COVID-19 have tested negative for the virus and have been cleared. To date all persons investigated for COVID-19 in Fiji have tested negative #FijiNews 
Chinese billionaire, Guo Wengui, now speculates that the real number of people infected with the #coronavirus is around 4-5 million along with 200,000 deaths based on how fast the virus has transmitted. #ChinaVirus #China #COVID19 Full Video:  
The places where humans live in close contact with bats — and rely on them for their livelihood — show how hard it is  eliminate the risk of animal-human virus transmission 
The rise in non-Hubei new cases in China today appears to be largely due to the prison outbreaks. Two outbreaks with 241 new virus cases reported by  …
If the chart of 10yr bond futures doesn't make you pause for thought, I don't know what will. If this flag breaks, we are in for one hell of a ride.. South Korean corona virus is up 30% in a day. Global supply chains are going to get decimated... and bonds sense even worse... 
Latest on the virus in South Korea: — 52 new cases, raising its total to 156, after declaring a southern city a special zone. — Seoul bans rallies in major downtown areas in efforts to fight the outbreak. 
Potential early virus drug trial  in 3 weeks! That’s quite a timeline. See @WHO can push and prod and get stuff done  …
Two Australians evacuated from Diamond Princess were originally tested negative for #SARSCoV2 but when they got back to Australia,  about flu-like symptoms and were tested positive for the virus. 
BREAKING: China reports further fall in new cases of virus to 889, number of deaths rises by 118. 
U.S. dollar, bonds get safe-haven rush as virus spreads  
9/ Iran health officials say source of coronavirus & path to Iran is not clear. People who died had not traveled & had no contact with foreigners suggesting virus has spread to public spaces.
The only people outside of China who are dying of the Corona Virus thing, are those  immune systems. The ones in China are dying from the bullets in their heads, which  their immune systems...
Counter-intuitive, but the countries with the higher official counts of Covid19 may actually be better at containing the virus.  …
The number of coronavirus cases in South Korea confirmed to be 156. This is a huge jump from 82 cases yesterday. According to JTBC, there are at least 409 people among 3,000 surveyed in Shinchon that inhibited symptoms of Wuhan virus. Please wear masks and stay safe.  …
Someone made a fuckin corona virus joke on my shop floor and I had to give a heated lecture about sinophobia and American exceptionalism and the new person hasn't barely heard me speak up until that point. Good to make a first impression lmao
Xi's faction grabs more power as virus crisis worsens 'Zhejiang's new army' adds Hubei and Hong Kong to strongholds Beijing, Shanghai and Chongqing  …
Asian FX getting hammered, esp USD/KRW. The CNH is also going as well but less. In Asia, this corona virus is not just about being infected via China (supply chain, tourism, demand) anymore but literally going onshore, such as South Korea's situation. AUD lost almost 6% ytd 
Havent seen any crack heads gets corona virus not saying ima do crack but you do the math
In Beijing, clusters of infections raised concerns about the virus’s spread in hospitals in China’s capital. Peking University People’s Hospital emptied 150 wards to quarantine 142 people who had contact w/ 3 people who were confirmed with the virus.  …
A big thank you goes out to Ed with the “Outer Light” channel who is consistently using his platform to talk about the corona virus and help wake people up! 
This business owner is only allowing Japanese people from now on. Lmao the “please note there is no discrimination” at the end of the tweet really takes the cake. More like please note Japanese people are not immune to the virus.  …
FINALLY got a good shot of the rare and elusive Culex cedecei. This mosquito is endemic to south Florida, and transmits Everglades virus, which is subtype II in the Venezuelan equine  of viruses. Are you wondering how to pronounce the species epithet? 
Super Joe Biden is makin' a  on CNN Town Hall tonite - verbal skills and sincerity put a piece of bacterial vermin like Donald J Scump to pitiful shame! Good stuff, Joe! Don't stop running until you've cured the world of the Scump virus . . .
52 new cases in South Korea. Now total is 156. It was ~30 just 3 days ago. This virus is just that fast. #SARSCoV2  …
Too many starts for Price. Way too many. People love to blame Bergevin for everything from the corona virus to the blockades but they've let him off easy on one  the failure  up with a backup goalie.
We need to stop depending on Cblinks on raising fund. China is having a virus outbreak crisis and they need those money for themselves and their families. If every 3.3 millions Blinks on twitter donate 1 USD, we can get 3.3 millions USD for  @ygofficialblink
There are things that always make the president to distance himself and increase his security while with his deputy. The president knows well the ruthlessness by which his deputy crushes his enemies and anyone who crosses his path The Dp is dangerous than ebola and corona virus
Peng Yinhua, a frontline doctor at Jiangxia First Hospital in virus epicenter #Wuhan, died of #COVID19 on Thursday night. He had earlier delayed his wedding as he wanted to treat patients with the disease at 
Going to Have Preppernurse 1 on tonight. We are prepping and Going to have calls Asking about corona Virus. So TUNE IN. Major Cover ups now proven in China 
and for those wondering how this soldier caught the virus: he met w his girlfriend who is part of the cult where the main bulk of the cases we saw yesterday came from
.....a soldier has the virus.... in the city sungyeol is stationed....  …
Declining number of new #COVID19 cases in #China? We all hope this is the case, but it also sounds too good to be true. First, #XiJinping says workers should return to their jobs, and then on cue we hear the virus is subsiding. Really?  …
Here we are, weeks into outbreak — no signs of it slowing globally, markets 5% higher than recent lows. Wake up call for those ignoring virus  Repo facility ending. Shiller PE 32. Risk/reward blindingly asymmetric. Gold figuring it out. Equities not. Pain 
Read this tweet and you will know what i was talking about when i said we could run out of vital medicines because of the corona virus  …
Will Coronavirus throw the US into a recession? The virus is creating great uncertainty and is disrupting supply chains in Asia. Trump proposes 16% cut to CDC as number of Coronavirus deaths rise. Don't be fooled by 45's lies. #45sFakeEconomy #wtp2020 @wtp__2020 
From shopping to eating out, virus control measures — such as temperature checks — are still having an impact on everyday life in Shanghai, China's economic juggernaut. 
The first case of new coronavirus in Napa County was announced Tuesday. This brings the total number of cases in the Bay Area to five. A second patient, who had tested negative for the pneumonia-like virus but is now showing symptoms.  …
The multi-decade process of #globalization initially was disrupted by US President @realDonaldTrump's trade-policy pivot, says @elerianm. But the outbreak of the deadly #COVID-19 virus has turbocharged the problem 
1) I believe the impact of the Corona Virus on the economy is being greatly underestimated. I've talked with 3 founders *just this week* who’ve drastically cut their ad spend to reduce demand because of closed factories in China.
Why America Must avoid the Virus of Socialism As I recently wrote about in my article on the Coronavirus and socialism epidemic in China, socialism is a virus  …
This is a scanning electron microscope image of the COVID-19 virus. The virus itself was taken from a US patient, and the image shows the coronavirus (yellow) as it emerges from the surface of a cell (blue and pink). : NIAID-RML 
Wuhan novel coronavirus (CoVid-19) causes sudden heart attack during 2nd infection. As the antibodies against virus do not work during 2nd infection, so infection can cause heart failure and further sudden death of people.  …
Virus spillovers from animals to humans are rising as we cut into animal habitats. @EcoHealthNYC tries to find new viruses before they find us. @aizenglobe takes us back to a virus hunt with @nycbat and @FoodieScience to explain how they jump #coronavirus  
“We may never know if the spread of the new virus could have been prevented by earlier, concerted action. But the fact that China chose secrecy and inaction turned the possibility of an epidemic into a reality.”  …
CGTN, together with stringers in Sydney, Los Angeles, Barcelona and London, has launched "I am a human, not a virus. Would you take a selfie with me?" campaign to urge the world to focus on fighting against #COVID19 as  with shared future 
This is a must read from ⁦ @BodyForWife⁩ - and not just because he quotes me. The pain of losing a loved one to the toxic virus that is Trumpism:  …
In case you don't know! This is the inventor of Corona virus that emerge in china 
The COVID-19 virus continues to spread throughout China and around the world. Here's how epidemics spread and how they can be slowed. 
Iranian Regime’s criminal cover-up about Corona virus causes public anxiety, rise in number of victims. Mrs. Rajavi calls on WHO to send supervisory and medical teams to #Iran #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Honestly I am not worried about this Virus Pathan or guys like Pravesh Virus, Yogi etc - I am worried about “the crowd” which singing same hate line along with these shameless creatures. No idea where this country moving one day you all will die fighting on religious line  …
Asia stocks set to trade little changed as virus fears persist 
Overall, we have virus group, molecular features, market association and environmental samples all pointing strongly towards zoonosis. The location in Wuhan is the only thing at all suggestive of lab escape. I see strength of evidence entirely for zoonosis. 21/21
Helping bring a highly infectious virus to America to own the libs.  …
This pattern of mutation is most consistent with evolution in an animal intermediate, rather than lab escape. Additionally, the presence of these same 6 mutations in the pangolin virus argues strongly for an animal origin:  … 11/21
The strongest woman I know 84yrs old. Few years back battled West Nile Virus and survived. Then last year diagnosed with State 2A Breast Cancer. Today she is Cancer Free!!! My Mama and my kids Nana! And all who know her she’s Nana to them! Thank You God! 
Nearly 760 People In Washington Now Under Supervision for Virus #Breaking #News #Washington #Coronavirus #Health #Alert #Update  …
The official number of new virus cases in past day in Wuhan is...319. Yesterday it was 615. Two days ago it was 1,660. Wow.  …
Corona- Virus: I used to say: Stocks will keep flying. as long as the Fed keeps buying Changing that to: As long as people here aren't dying. Stocks will keep flying. as long as the Fed keeps buying
Virus hits China's economic heart its small businesses over 85% expect to run out of cash within three months  …
“It’s more like a virus than a tumour”. Author and American University Prof @milleridriss says we can’t treat the problem of extremist radicalisation as something that can be cut out of society 
In Japan, it’s not just the Diamond Princess cruise ship. Clusters of coronavirus outbreaks are giving other clues to the virus’s spread. @suilee 
The #COVID9 virus  known as #coronavavirus) has spread to #Iran with possibly 9 deaths and dozens more infected. Iran is strongly attempting to control information about the spread of the virus. #Iraq has closed it's border with Iran.
you know hearing corona virus jokes every day 5-10 times per day since 2 weeks ago just makes it extra funny i think it gets funnier every time i hear the same joke i laugh so hard at that one joke everyone makes to me every single day multiple times i love it thanks please conti
China govt late reporting new virus numbers again, must be rigging
follow our Happy Virus, MJ of @offclASTRO. Let's make it 1M followers okay? #ASTRO #MJ #아스트로 
Since #Sony are the White knights of the Global workforce right now, looking out for thier Health and safety due the Corona virus, I assume all productions of the #PS5 have ceased and no longer manufacturing them Right? Did we forget about this Just saying 
PSA !!!! If you see Destiny 2 anywhere online, DO NOT download it !!!! it will install a virus called Destiny 2 to your pc and if you run it, it will launch a fractiline miner and send it to an eastern european man who loves birds
Love this thread of Japanese businesses promoting their places which got hit by cancellations due to Covid19 virus outbreak. I want to visit some of them.  …
Coronavirus Outbreak: 75,775 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS VIRUS COVERAGE  …
apparently there's ANOTHER outbreak of corona virus in the united states... THANK GOD i live in america...
If this virus starts spreading ..watch online retailers ..I mean from the bottom up
First Canadian coronavirus case now cleared of the virus: health officials  …
A Trump administration health official and the US State Department pushed to fly 14 infected Americans from the cruise ship off Japan to the US as they had no symptoms. CDC officials disagreed, stating they could still spread the virus. CDC lost the fight.  …
Dr. @RodneyRohde, professor & chair of @TXST_CLS, explains because there are numerous coronaviruses, it's "challenging to develop a test for a virus so relatively new on the world stage, especially one with many closely-related genetic cousins." 
From the Bible: locusts in Eastern Africa, the Corona virus in China, rapidly spreading. God's punishing humanity cause the #Liberals pushing #Socialism/ #Communism, #Abortion,&turning their backs on Israel&the Jews. When the  we know why.  …
PSA !!!! if you see fortnite while browsing epic games launcher DO NOT download it!! it will install a virus called fortnite and if you run it, it will launch fortnite
“Community spread means people have been infected with the virus, including some who are not sure how or where they became infected,” @CDCgov said. The US warned travelers of  spread” of the #Coronavirus in 5 countries outside of  …
Do you think I'm silly for postponing the Las Vegas vacation I had planned for late April? (I was going to celebrate 1 year of boycotting, buying only necessities). Waiting for clarification on the corona-virus. I staying out of airports, planes and crowded spaces
If I was a dictator of  regime with a bio-weapon accidentally released... I would confuse the world by making up a "corona-virus" scare so that experts are chasing the normal flu virus. I would invoke the military to stop the spread and prevent a financial meltdown.
Minor WTA event in April in Xi'an, China is cancelled. Something to monitor in months ahead, if the virus recedes quickly enough that the big fall WTAsia swing can go ahead as scheduled. Lots of massive tournaments there that would need advanced time and resources to reschedule. 
Coronavirus: how scientists are studying the virus 
imagining a doctor Fortnite dancing on top of my lifeless body after the virus takes me  …
Wow, who would have guessed that Chloroquine, an existing malaria drug would help heal some with the virus! Side affect it itches. China approves first anti-viral drug against coronavirus Covid-19  … via @PharmaTechFocus
Fourteen Americans infected with Coronoavirus on a cruise ship were flown back to the US against CDC advice - on a plane filled with people who were virus-free and not told about the sick passengers.  …
Corona virus was invented by Playstation because they have nothing to show us
You may think that all surgical masks are created equal, but when  to COVID-19, that's definitely not the case. Learn what masks are effective in protecting users from the virus, and which ones simply aren't.  
So not even one African prophet has volunteered to transport our chloroquine abroad and assist corona virus in China. 
What happened within a short period of time after #HongKong protestors gathered peacefully, sang the American Star Spangled Banner, waved American flags, showed support for Trump, prayed together & sang the song , "Sing Alleluia to the Lord"? Corona Virus was unleashed. Planned.
A video from inside Kamkar Hospital in the N city of Qom, where 2 deaths due to #COVID19 have been reported, shows the hospital staff with no corona virus protection equipment. 
Deliberately exposing Americans to a deadly virus without their informed consent to own the libs.  …
UPDATE: China sees drop in new virus cases: 'Control efforts working'. 
Another BIG mashup by Armin, this is Mercurial Virus - Turning Point ( @BillyGillies1 Remix) @marksixma & Emma Hewit - Missing  …
This after they stopped flights from China because of the virus. Just another example of inconsistency and  from Trump and his crew.
Protesters from the village of Novi Sanzhary blocked the road leading to a sanatorium where the evacuees are due to be held in quarantine for at least two weeks. Hundreds of police were dispatched to keep order. Ukraine has no confirmed cases of the virus  
The Corona virus is no joke. Kinda like the Frenzy Virus, but we don't have IRL Nulberries.  …
"Poro" is finnish for reindeer and it rhymes with my name, and this has been a joke for a long time. Finally Noroporo exists *throws in a dumpster of alt-sonas and virus-versions* Also this bitch getting glasses soon yaa 
#Kinshasa: official launching ceremony of the Africa CDC international training on laboratory diagnosis of the #Ebola virus disease: The Director of AFRICA CDC, Dr. @JNkengasong ,  the implementation of the agreements reached at the #GOMA Ministerial 
The #COVID19 #pneumonia may turn into a chronic disease and exist in the world like influenza, Chinese experts warned, saying the virus could attack multiple organs, not only lungs 
Anyone else sick of seeing fake news lie about Tom Cotton? He's right about the origins of the corona-virus. He's right about Wuhan's Level 4 Bio-Lab. Fake news has gathered up to condemn him. Proof he is telling the truth is right here  …
#NoVote4Terrorists is trending now. Plz join us. We Iranians boicott the sham election tomorrow. 1500 dead Nov protests 176 dead Ukranian plane Now the spread of Corona virus bc the regime is friend w. chinese authorities.Election in Iran is a fraud. Iran is occupied by Mullahs.
i’m at work and a 6 year old Chinese girl looked at me and told me she wasn’t sick, i said okay bby i know, she said people think i’m sick because my eyes. literally broke my heart, she’s six years old and getting shamed because of the “corona virus”
If you want to be more educated on this virus, watch this  …
Deep State Traitors Sold Coronovirus to China & Bill & Melinda Gates own the Patent on the Virus!!! SMOKING GUN: China Bought Weaponized Wuhan Virus From U.S.  …
1/ When the cruise ship came to Japan, everyone was eating in the cafeteria, and they were doing casinos, plays, and dances. You had known that an HK guest had been found infected with the virus. What was your responsibility to manage infection control? (continue)
Wakili, if you could be conned that easily I wonder if you can understand anything about Corona Virus. Concern yourself in learning ways to avoid being conned.  …
Sorry I’m slow on updates hospital days all blur together . Josh is doing better sugars are stable and his lungs look great we beat the infections . He’s very weak from 35 lb weight loss so need to recondition the muscles which we started today :) cmv virus isn’t lower but stable
“Community spread means people have been infected with the virus, including some who are not sure how or where they became infected,” @CDCgov said. The US warned travelers of  spread” of the #Coronavirus in 5 countries outside of  …
this virus was engineered in a lab in Wuhan no, that's not a conspiracy theory. China wanted to weaponize it in Hong Kong but, it backfired  …
S.Korea, China agree to cooperate against virus  …
A lady brought up a shirt that said it was made in China & goes, “do you know if this was made before the Corona virus?” ....... ma’am I’m just a cashier
Oh great... this “sars-hiv-corona virus” is now has evidence to contain MERS parts as well. Link  … “sars-hiv-mers”? It’s  Maybe it’s time to get a mythical name. New names could be:
Flu season in the U.S. has featured two waves, each dominated by a different virus. But this season’s vaccine is working OK against both. 
If epidemics like China's spread to other countries, tests for the virus could soon run short and delays in obtaining results would increase 
- China has updated its formal guidance on #COVID19 transmission to include both respiratory droplets and aerosol (in an enclosed space) - Reports out of Iran suggest two deaths from the virus in Qom, neither of whom had a travel hx, suggesting local infection
Now that you have followed back... Has Corona virus catch you???
They will give it away for free to the hardest hit countries... then what? Force it on others? I’m not saying much on this just yet... just watching the vaccine race. But just for fun, this virus escaped from a lab: true or false?  …
VIRUS WILL RESULT IN 200M BBL OF OIL DEMAND LOSS IN 1Q: VITOL
Brown twitter virus is worse than the coronavirus
Concerning. Beijing might be having an insurgence of the virus.  …
China developed 'CoVid19' the Corona Virus at it's Wuhan Biological Lab. It was Specifically Engineered and Developed to be used as an Offensive Weapon for the Extermination of Humans. This Did Not Evolve In Nature! CONGRESS: #HoldChinaAccountable  …
Hong Kong had barely begun returning to normal after more than six months of often violent protests when the coronavirus outbreak hit. Now, lingering resentments in a divided society have collided with the virus to create a perfect storm. 
WTF, Virus Event? 
This Corona virus does sounds scary! But don't worry everyone, She'll be just fine 
This sounds like great news: Drugmakers are starting to develop a coronavirus vaccine. The downside: That’s because they believe the virus is so deadly that developing a vaccine is worth risking a lot of money.  …
in the 3rd offer, banks only wanted to exchange another $4 BILLION in treasuries for stocks (Total of $70 BILLION for day). Maybe banks are getting a little hesitant to exchange treasuries for stocks, given stocks are at record highs & the corona-virus adds so much uncertainty.  …
This reporter filmed Kamkar hospital in Qom secretly and  it to the videos he saw out of Wuhan. Staff does not have enough PPE and with little ability to test for virus medical personnel are at high risk for infection. 
virUS not virME
coughed on the train and somebody got up and moved. honey if i’ve got the corona virus then you’re going down with me.
“Beijing remains  to stemming the free flow of information as it is determined to fight the actual virus, even when those priorities are in clear conflict.” 
Today’s need to know with @Bob_Iaccino: Stocks lower on virus concerns Fed Vice Chair dampens rate cut hopes Bitcoin falling and gold rising
The world goverments are hiding the virus. The current official data are not reliable in almost any country.
Today @CDCgov released their interim estimate of the effectiveness of the 2019–20 seasonal influenza vaccine. Take home: overall estimated effectiveness of vaccine for preventing medically attended, laboratory-confirmed influenza virus infection was 45%.  …
Graph shows the exponential and dangerous growth of corona  to other major viruses such as Ebola and SARS. #Corona #CoronaVirus #CoronaOutbreak 
It sure makes you realize that all the crap everyone’s been fighting over, all over the world doesn’t mean squat with this virus spreading. Puts it all in perspective doesn’t it? Love one another, tomorrow isn’t promised. Forgive each other. Help your fellow man
IRAQ OIL MIN GHADHBAN: VIRUS IMPACT CAN LEAD TO OIL SURPLUS IN COMING MONTHS: STATE TV #OOTT
Sure hope #DHS tells  & the rest of our State, Local & Federal Government  w/the @NISTcyber  & start using anti-virus software based on whitelisting to prevent #Ransomware attacks! @POTUS @CISAgov @CISAKrebs  …
Corona virus has entered Iran, but if there was no one at the ballot box tomorrow, it is not because of the corona virus, and there is only one reason: we do not want the Islamic Republic @realDonaldTrump #NoVote4Terrorists
I know that markets are worried about the corona virus and whatnot, but I wonder how much of today’s drop is due to one of our major parties booing capitalism and wanting to give us a stiff push 
Ugandan pastor Ronnie Makabai performs prayers that he claims will stop the further spread of the Coronavirus. You can relax now, it's over. Question: Why has not a single Christian faith healer gone over to China to cure this virus. Now when it really matters, none takes action.
posted about John Pilger's awful virus takes on Facebook and my mum tells me 'your granny went on a pretty nice date with him once' and my dad tells me 'worked with him on News on Sunday in 1987 and he was a disaster who alienated everyone involved in the project.'
IRAN'S MINISTER OF HEALTH: PEOPLE WITH NEW CORONA VIRUS IN IRAN HAD NO CONTACT WITH INFECTED PEOPLE
Hong Kong Police infected by China Virus: reports that people celebrating  …
 manufactures chloroquine? They’ll be making some huge money in the foreseeable future. Chloroquine is one of the treatment to cure Corona Virus
Meet Dr. Li Wenliang. This man is a HERO! He was the first to inform the world that we were dealing with a SARS-like virus back in DECEMBER. He paid dearly after being arrested, chastised and silenced. Thank you Dr. Li for your courageous act of selfless service to all. 
Rayan Crawford voted Tory. Deported to Jamaica anyway. David and Sally Abel voted Tory. Left on a ship to contract a deadly virus anyway. Vic Haddock voted Tory. Left without support after a flood anyway. Nine decades later, appeasement still doesn't work eh. Who knew?
"I think eventually the virus will find a foothold and we will  transmission." US CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield, regarding #covid19 (novel 
COWEN: South Korea has confirmed 73 new cases, “making it by far the largest outbreak outside of Mainland China to date, ex the ‘virus cruise.’ While still relatively small, and too early to tell if it will spread further, we see this as a material negative data point ..” 
'First, they are betting that the Fed can and will act if necessary should the virus start to do real damage to the economy. Second, if that were to happen, they are betting that the Fed’s diminished capacity to deal with future shocks won’t be a problem.'  …
Preliminary results from two clinical trials for treatments for the new virus—one using HIV drugs, the other using an antiviral drug—are expected in three weeks.  …
"China virus"  …
Scientists worry that COVID-19 could turn into a chronic infectious disease that spreads among people. If that’s the case, it’s hard to say where it will break out next year. Some Western elites shouldn’t hastily call it “China virus” or ridicule China as the “sick man of Asia.”
Just in: Last patient infected with #WuhanCoronavirus in India's Kerela discharged. India now has NO person admitted in any hospital due to the virus now.
#DiamondPrincess “The virus was most likely spread not through coughs and sneezes, but from the food trays an infected crew member carried to the passengers”  …
Cryo-electron microscopy for the study of virus assembly  …
The top is in on the S&P500. Virus related shutdowns & supply distruptions will escalate  months and by the time it looks like clearing market will start pricing risk of a President Sanders. It's been a decade-long bender.
You know all those Sci Fi movies where a scientist creates a Super Virus or something to battle a problem and in the end the Super Virus winds up creating an extinction event? That's the @MikeBloomberg candidacy in a nutshell.
GOVERNOR SULE UNVEILS A 5 YEAR HEPATITIS C ELIMINATION PLAN; Nasarawa State Government has expressed its resolve to eliminate hepatitis C virus in the state with the inauguration of a  to eradicate the disease in the next five years. @ClintonHealth 
Dubious of earlier reports that AI epidemiologist in Canada 1st alerted virus outbreak in China, @mattoyeah & I pieced together detailed timeline of when global alert systems -powered by human intelligence, or artificial intelligence- picked up the  …
France, UK and USA media got involved with his propaganda. They want to put 100 millions of people on a high risk of a fatal virus. We understand their games. Anyway.. we support Japan, and we are happy that you guys are safe.
oh my god i just figured it out the final push to worldwide digital money is a global pandemic nobody wants to use cash if it can transfer virus's BIG FUCKING BRAIN RN
They are debunking a myth with another myth, talking about packages from China being safe; Because they don’t know how long the virus can live outside the human body.
What the Beagle is tracking -Shipping Traffic -Road Traffic -Steel/Copper Usage -Energy Usage(Coal/Oil) -Trade Flows -Debt Defaults -Employee Surveys -Entertainment Sales -Food Prices -Property Sales -Keyword Search Traffic -Tourist Traffic -Virus Info 
Matthew 24:8 All this is but the beginning of the birth pangs [of the intolerable anguish]. This scripture has been fulfilled in our eyes.DISTRESS &TROUBLE has hit the earth 1 The locusts invasion 2 The corona virus 3 The wars Let us repent &be holy #ThisHeavenlyConversation
Hi @bitdefender as a long-term user of your excellent anti-virus software, I'm wondering why you are advertising on The Canary website that posts anti-semitic articles like this. 
When a stammerer wants to give a testimony about his corolla that was stolen but found. Tha Tha than thank God for for, for life I, I, I have a co, Co, coro, coro, ro Somebody from the back : Corona virus? Church members.  …
ME Respiratory Syndrome/Corona Virus didn't get that much attention when this was published. Now there are 2 reported deaths in Iran & the government is going crazy! You mean to tell me that people haven't been dying all along? 
Thailand has 35 cases of #coronavirus at Feb 18. Cambodia officially has one. Hun Sen is legally obliged to share information about the virus with the World Health Organization. #SamRainsy writes in  …
"Right now, the crucial question for the world is whether the virus can be contained and eliminated. The odds of containment look vanishingly small, but not (quite) yet zero," Ex CDC director @drTomFrieden What's Next for  …
The blood kept the Death Angel away from us in ancient Egypt. Now scientists say it’s the blood that is resisting this virus. If I were you, i wouldn’t mix it.
The virus uses this protein "spike" to invade human cells.  …
It sounds like, another #Genocide is going on ! & #Germany, #France, #England & #Canada have got another bloody silence like always. Our Protesters in the #IslamicRepublic prisons are in danger. The corona virus  to the #Iran & #IR doesn't care. #Prisoners_Need_Help
This is a #cryoEM structure of part of the novel coronavirus #SARSCoV2. The discovery is a huge step toward developing a vaccine against the virus as well as treatments for #COVID19, the disease that it causes. Read more at  
It has just been discovered that CHLOROQUINE cures Corona virus. No wonder why no African died of it. Chemist guys use to give us that drug like chocolate for any temperature kind of sickness while growing up. I think chloroquine is still active in our system.
6/ Brother of dead coronavirus patient in Qom is a member of Iran's central  He disputes government account, says his brother was 60, not elderly & had no existing health issues, caught the virus in the streets of Qom. He accuses officials of "cover up."
How can a liar fight corruption? The chairman of the @officialEFCC released a statement denying he said corona virus is caused by corruption. But video emerged showing he lied. That alone proves he is not a man of fit character. In saner climes, he would resign! #BuhariTormentor
17 million mainland-produced face masks have been shipped to Hong Kong after outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic. The mainland also supported the HKSAR gov't in its control of cross-border flows to curb spread of the virus  
a deadly virus has done more to help the environment in 2 weeks than western environmentalists have done in decades
Madarc#od, see this how i$lamism is spreading like deadly virus. Most of worst teππor organisations are either islamist  Qu®an - book of teππor should be banned worldwide. 
last night i had a nightmare that everyone in my school had a stomach virus and i wake up in a panic but i’m like it’s fine it’s just a dream and then i get to class only to find out theyre shutting the whole school down to sanitize bc 70% of the class has a stomach bug
Now we just need someone with the corona virus to take one for the team and cough all over Katie Hopkins x  …
Key Apple Supplier Hynix Tells 800 Workers To Stay Home After Trainee Contracts Virus  …
Guys I’m hanging my head in shame I’m ashamed & embarrassed, I’m finding it so difficult to write this tweet. But confession is good for the soul & with this virus going around & me not a spring chicken I might not survive. So here goes, I’m a NIMBY not in my back yard. HS2
Actually virus in your mind, clean it
Voters in Pelosi's district easw vote for the Republican running against whiskey Pelosi in california Pelosi is like a virus sucking your district dry please wake up and smell the corruption she is doing to your district that she dont live in 
VIRUS TO WIPE OUT 13% OF FY PASSENGERS DEMAND IN ASIA-PAC: INT AIR TRANSPORT ASSOCIATION
CDC (U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) / FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) / WHO ... Vaccine and virus business, all linked to the Bill Gates Foundation, is a $50 billion market. That was the case with SARS 15 years ago.  …
While Tehran knew #coronavirus was spreading in Iran, it sent 3M medical masks to China. Now we see reports of shortage of masks in Iran when there is clearly an outbreak of the virus in Iran.  …
These two weeks have been rough for me because the whole virus issue indirectly impacts my workflow and I'm covering more duties than usual. He will never read this but Wonpil's vlive really gave me strength. Thank you, Wonpil-ah.
France Confirms First Case Of Ruinous Tomato Virus  
"As you know, a WHO-led international team of experts is now on the ground in #China, working with their Chinese counterparts to find answers to some of the things we don’t know, including the transmissibility of the virus & the impact of the measures that has taken"- @DrTedros
A Chinese student died of H1N1 flu virus disease in Troy, NY. That's the swine flu strain. How did that happen?  …
#ChinaToday in case you missed it: - Beijing stresses protecting medical staff amid epidemic  - Businesses gradually resume work amid virus control  - Chinese and Harvard experts have 2nd call on coronavirus  
When the nation is debating CAA NRC NPR, GDP, IPL ,Economy, Corona virus, Delhi Elections , Shaheen Bagh.... Punekars..... CC : @ShefVaidya @troll_hu_mein 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: Over 2,000 deaths as virus hits 30 countries Two Japanese from cruise ship die Total Infected 75,752 Total Death - 2,130 Total recovered -16,882 China 74,579 South Korea 104 Singapore 84 Japan 84 Hong Kong 67 Thailand 35 Taiwan 24 Malaysia 22 
Goldman Warns Stocks Are "Underestimating" Virus Impact On Earnings  …
The virus is spreading 
'Virus Pathan' is infecting our country: @tehseenp, Political Analyst tells Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT. | 
-China shut down -Japan in recession -Germany in recession -Major  warnings -Inverted yield curves -Virus spreading in Japan, S Korea-  $SPX all time high
#Chinese #Resident On #CoronaVirus #Lockdown Finds #CreativeWay To #Walk #Dog From #Balcony #Chinese #Government Has #Ordered #Citizens To #StayInside Their #Homes To #Protect Them From The #Corona #Virus  … 
