No he doesn’t ONLY care about the stock market. Stop being so dramatic. He can care about both the health & financial well-being of Americans at the same time. The only sociopaths are the Twitter bots cheering on this virus to get at Trump
Yes, as I said before, yes, asymptomatic people can have and spread the virus. However, others, at greater risk, were denied tests so basketball players could have tests. That’s unconscionable. You see the point here, right? Some players were fine. Sick people didn’t get tests.
I keep seeing people spread INNAPROPRIATELY wrong information on the Covid virus. It is NOT airborne. ( In the air) It IS droplet. ( Wet fluids from the infected could infected you) You CANNOT get the virus just by being around someone with it. WASH YOUR HANDS 
Saddle up homos we got a virus to fight 
@BritIndianVoice : India  5th country to successfully isolate Covid-19 virus strain  … #BritishHindus & #BritishIndians #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdate @BobBlackman @CGI_Bghm @HCI_London @naomi2009 @INSIGHTUK2
I’m not even concerned with virus what I’m concerned about is the economic impact it’s about to have and is already having, because of people & businesses losing their shit.
This is despicable. In a pandemic where jails are breeding grounds for the virus @NYGovCuomo wants to subject hundreds of thousands more legally innocent people to pretrial jailing, and do so in a rushed process to  objections to bail  …
Doesn’t matter. Even if he had tested positive for the “Chinese Virus”...... he’d have knocked the crap out of it.  …
WoW Geeeze Louise, what are these people thinking? Do they honestly think that a gun will stop the virus? Oh wait, the gun is to protect their hoarded t-paper and hand sanitizers! This picture literally screams “this is the face of America”  …
Just like every other world tour, the corona virus is avoiding Nova Scotia
Okay I’m confused. My town is going on like there is no coronis virus. We do be viben here
STAGE 5: Remember the 10k idiot who ran from the red zone to the rest of Italy? Well, the entire country has to be declared under quarantine (March 9). The goal is to delay the spreading of the virus as much as possible.
me breathing in caroline polacheks virus riddled cough so she doesn’t have to be alone in quarantine 
Talked to my old neighbor (the man who knows things) about a plan for when the virus impacts our area. He's in the super vulnerable category after chronic pulmonary problems. It's important to sort this stuff out in advance for high risk folk. So, check on those neighbors!
We must all begin to practice aggressive social distancing in our daily routines. If you can, please venture out only if necessary. Curbing your social life will *save lives* by helping stop the spread of this virus. We’re all in this together  …
Good decision. This is vital so that everyone in #Philly can wash their hands regularly to fight the virus!  …
The hydrophobic part attaches to the oil (the outside of the virus) & holds on while the hydrophilic part is attracted to the water. Why 20 seconds? Because, you want to make sure you get soap everywhere on your hands so the water rinses the virus away! Use this while washing 
It’s not an old people’s virus. Seriously. Stay home.  …
More evidence pointing to sizeable role for pre-/asymptomatic transmission with this virus. "Our analysis would suggest that presymptomatic transmission is  said Caroline Colijn of Simon Fraser University.  …
Already seeing MAGA calling Trump a badass because he fought off virus. Full blown cult.
(2) Yes it sucks. No you’re not supposed to enjoy it. But we need to stop the virus spread NOW. I see you letting your littles play on the neighborhood playground. The virus can live on some surfaces for days. And it’s not just about your risk. It’s about infection spread.
And what do we have in #Australia a f__king holy roller #CrimeMinisterMorrison that reckons Jesus is going to stop the virus at a massive #HillsongCult irresponsible gathering in #Sydney if he goes to that event he should be thrown in  …
I was torn between calling it China virus or Wuhan virus. Now I think it is best to call it Wuhan virus because I am sure China will have more surprises for the world. We can call the new gifts Sichuan virus or Hunan virus.  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: Some scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
Corona has reached Israeli prisons, where thousands of Palestinian political prisoners are held. A Palestinian prisoner in Ashkelon came into contact with an Israeli doctor who tested positive for the virus. Palestinians fear an outbreak in these jails. 
I’m about to delete all social media until this corona virus stuff is over..
With Coronas but they ain’t no virus 
Real world risk is hard to rationalize. It's  and the interactions. It's tough to map the connection. This virus shows this risk in conjunction  can only be managed prior to the event. It's this arrogance that got us in this f****** problem.
Ronaldo just brought a Island so his family stay there until this virus blows over. That money different!
Aerosol and surface stability of HCoV-19  to SARS-CoV-1  … HCoV-19 has a half-life of 1.1-1.2 h as an aerosol and viable virus can be detected on plastic and stainless steel for up to 72 h and for up to 8 h on cardboard after application 
I read that over 1/3 of the polls will be closed because of the “virus”.
Introverts been quarantined before the corona virus even started. So we’re safe
Microscope picture of the corona virus. 
I was grumpy because I hadn’t ate and my bf asked if I had the cabrona virus :// lmao
Good work on the new @knkxfm virus podcast, Transmission. It ranges from info on how the disease spreads to the familiar: @gabrielspitzer & @ashleykgross’s son Ezra who says being out of school will be “boring.”  …
Trump does not have the coronavirus....Well that solves it...the closer the virus gets to evil it dies!
Trump tested negative for Corona virus!!!
Back in January I was giving Diapers to Families in Need..And Now I'm in Need Of Help with Groceries for my Grandchildren. Schools Closed and my Work Hours have been cut due to the Corona Virus. Any Help is Appreciated..$elizalopez332..
Microbiology professor at Mount Sinai. Research topics are Immunology, Infectious Disease, Influenza Virus, Mucosal Immunology, Vaccine Development, Viruses and Virology   …
Even the Wuhan Corona virus fears Trump!!! Perfect genetics.
We will be opening back up Monday! Amidst all the corona virus news we will still be open for our regular business hours. #RailsOverCorona
Human overreaction scares me more than the corona virus. THAT is where the threat is!
Has the virus gone yet? We’ll play until it’s gone #HULB04 | #hcafc |  …
Why didn't we think of that? Just shoot the virus. The virus might take our lives but it can never take our guns. MERICA.  …
Michigan Gov Flirts with Invoking "Martial Law" Using Virus as Excuse For Power Grab  … #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #KAG #TAP #Trump2020 #WWG1WGA 
Carole, in Italy the virus is evolving and many under 60 are dying in their 40s/50s/60s...  … Near Bergamo there are no hospital beds so they die at home and they lay the dead bodies in churches. Home cares are closed and people die alone.
If Trump is negative for the virus according to his doctor, then what exactly is wrong with him?
Play on repeat during virus crisis! (Sound up!) He’s probably repeating what his owner has said to him. My bird used to say: “Are you ok?”  …
Katie is intentionally attempting to spread the virus in an attempt to “own the libs”. Do not vote for her, do not give your money, and do not trust her. She is a selfish opportunist. 
Dawg.. every  that i have ever given my email address to has emailed me to advise how they’re handling the virus & all of their precautionary steps & at this point, I’m fed up.
Good morning! Maybe we could just channel our energy and time in fighting the virus by keeping ourselves safe at home and by helping in anyway we could. PPE donation are highly appreciated, free food and water for front liners are also so much 
Tomorrow is designated a National Day of Prayer for this virus. Let's all spend some time with God and thank Him for taking care of this situation for us. May this virus be stopped in its tracks. IJN, AMEN
Here is the True leader #CM_Sindh_Murad_ALI_Shah MuradALIShah a real hero in #Sindh Who struggle for His Nation Who take action against corona virus. He is the one who care for his people he is the one in pakistan Who Made Committee At 10 Pm in night to protect his nation 1/2 
"Hi. My name is Katie Williams and I don't care about other people. I might have the virus and could be infecting others, but I'm a selfish American and proud of it! Even though I might not be infected, I might  infected and then will spread it around. Whatever! 'Merica!"
Someone said “even the virus can’t stand him”  …
Because "revealing our hand to the virus would damage our negotiations with it" …. or some crap like that.
BREAKING: Al Wilson has tested positive for COVID-19. The virus is now in quarantine for 2 weeks.
An interesting angle for me is that the group who have NOT help spread the virus particularly are being singled out for quarantine whilst the  more widely travelled sector in society whose representatives HAVE helped spread the virus aren't.  …
On the one hand Trump has lied every second of every day for probably his entire life, so it’s hard believe he doesn’t have the virus but on the other hand he is an inhuman monster who eats nothing but poison daily and is still alive
President Trump tested Negative for the Corona virus. Democrats very unhappy.  …
Because we were in Greece, my wife, son and I thought it prudent to ask if we should be tested for the virus even though we currently have no symptoms. They took us right away into a tent set up in the hospital parking lot. Quick and easy. 
I think at this point it is safe to state that the virus is everywhere in the US and more widespread than we though. We will get through this, but it is going to be ugly. Stay at home and stop social interactions, no matter how old you are.
If you want to know what a hero looks like, here’s my daughter, nursing Covid-19 patients 2 weeks ago. She’s an ICU nurse in London & finished her job this week, was exposed to the virus, could  home but volunteered to go back & help her team & patients 
I could be wrong but it seems to me that the police checkpoints may be an inadvertent way for policemen to spread the virus. Il-equipped and ill-trained,they could easily pass on the very virus they are guarding against. Somebody do something!
The fucked thing is here in America we act like we've enacted apocalyptic, draconian tyranny to stop the virus even though plenty of workplaces still didn't cancel work and nobody stopped the people who did have work canceled all going out to the bar on Friday night  …
Must also add that there have been periods during the past 48hours where it's seemed like she fine and even potentially recovered...then bang! Another wave hits her, back to square 1 or worse. It is a very nasty virus and clearly extremely dangerous to some.
Who did that work out for you on your watch when tens of thousands people died from a virus @BarackObama You fell asleep on the job or were on one of the many taxpayer vacations you and Michelle/Michael  …
I spoke to my grandpa yesterday and he just happened to speak to a “higher up” dr in Guatemala City and the dr said there’s only 4 Drs and 1 hospital known to have the capacity to handle the virus so they’re not playing any games!!!!!  …
I’m dying at my mom saying to drink water so you wash the virus down and have the stomach acid kill it. And she called it CORONUS. IM WHEEEZING plz help me 
So my state (West Virginia) is the only state to not have the Corona Virus (so far) We have been surviving on creek water, pepperoni and cheese rolls, mud pies, moon shine and washing our hands to the tune of "Country Roads".
Burbank’s loosing it man What are these people gonna do? Shoot the virus?  …
“lab made” virus. The discovery is in the fact it can be made to jump  …
My mentions are 90% cute animal pics, 6% angry political crap, and 4% name-calling, and "men" wanting to "educate" me on why people are buying guns for "safety" because of the virus. So glad I spent my afternoon painting. Fun  back to so many pet pics! The rest is all... 
Ben Carson is the brain surgeon made famous by the GOP bc he said Obamacare was the worst thing since slavery so Trump put him in charge of Housing & Urban Dev and that’s why he’s on your TV talking about a virus. #2020
The worst case scenario of all of this has nothing to do with the virus and I hope you've figured that out by now
Cuomo: "If the rate of infection is what we believe it to be, there will be legislators who contract the virus." Cuomo says state Capitol under consideration to be closed to visitors.
Episode 1056 Current Events Besides #CoronaVirus Yes! There are things going on in the world that are not about the Corona Virus You wouldn't know if if you turned on the news or the radio Podacst  YouTube  #LibertyFirst 
Wife of Spain's prime minister tests positive for virus  
CPAC had a #WuhanVirus infected VIP roaming the conference 14 days ago. We haven't had a sea of  down with the virus that came in contact with that person. In fact, I don't think we've even heard of a single case. What does that tell us?
Even a whole coronavirus wants nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump a virus has more sense than you lot who voted for him.  …
Part of the reaction to the Corona virus is the mistrust of normally trusted institutions....this is the result of over a decade of lies at the political level and a refusal to have consequences for those lies.
...how scattered my thinking can be because I’m so overwhelmed with making sure the people I love are okay. I’m scared, not really of the virus but more of humans and mass hysteria...
For those wondering: Yes. JYPE has had the biggest drop in stocks out of all  during the virus. Just yesterday they dropped down to 17,700 won which is the lowest it has been in a very long time. 
european governments trying to stop the corona virus  …
Exactly. Trump got the virus, period.  …
Starting a rolling thread reviewing some of the literature on risks of respiratory virus transmission in the health care setting. We must take care of ourselves so that we can take care of others. #COVID19 #PPE #medtwitter 1/
Begoña Gómez, wife of Spanish PM Pedro Sanchez, tests positive for Coronavirus, just a few hours after PM Sanchez declared a State of Emergency to curb spread of the virus. 
Ape’s Clubhouse will not close due to virus concerns , all are still  provided you follow the rule s. 
The world seems to be experiencing shock, that young healthy people are being affected by this virus. None of the modeling ever said younger healthy people wouldn’t be impacted. It said, higher CFR for older pop. EVERYONE must take precaution.
My son informs me that he’s concerned about catching the Macorona virus. 
If you go out to eat, just remember that with this corona virus going on, everyone’s hours are being cut drastically. So if you got the money to leave a good tip, please do . So many moms and dads that can’t feed their family, it’s sad.
Unconscious for days, a previously healthy Houston area police officer in his 40s is hospitalized in critical condition with #COVID19. He appears to have contracted the virus  spread. He also attended Houston Rodeo cookoff on February 28th.  …
Amazes me to see people with platforms praise the current administration for measures done this week on #COVID19 when no less than two weeks ago the president was calling this virus a hoax.
Very good news as President Trump tests NEGATIVE for the coronavirus! Let's continue to pray for all those impacted across America with the virus. #GodHeals #GodProtects #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #COVID #PresidentTrump  …
So the over 70s are forced into isolation and then die either from the virus or starve to death. Jeez what a mess of a policy. Only half brained people like Johnson and Cummings could think of a policy like this.
The White House physician just confirmed tRump's #coronavirus test came back negative. Do we even believe this?  in contact with multiple people who tested positive, #TyphoidTrump is living proof that the virus can only be transmitted from human to human  …
BREAKING: President Trump tests negative for CHINA VIRUS I'm sure the idiots are devastated
the whole world: judging us, racial discriminating us, beating random asian people on the street, even accusing us for "creating" the virus us:  …
My dad said the reason our restaurant is doing so well is because “People are so scared of the virus that they are drinking their fear away” So I asked him what he’s so scared of on daily basis and now I have a bloody nose.
A very important point. It’s not just about you getting sick but more about you spreading the virus to people around you unconsciousnessly.  …
Before Trump screwed everything up -leading conservatives to start yipping "Chinese Virus" that is scientifically meaningless, epidemiologicly ignorant and blows up assistance China giving others - Trump tweeted kisses to say how great China did. We knew their screwups then. 
The Corona Virus has tested negative for Trump infection. Covid-19 said it was mighty relieved.
GRETNA PUBLIC SCHOOLS HAVE CLOSED BECAUSE OF THE CORONA VIRUS. DATES OF CLOSURES HAVE NOT BEEN SPECIFIED. MORE INFO TO COME.
“No virus. No collusion. The call was perfect. But also, yeah, no virus. He has the least Corona of, you know, anyone. You know, ever. Truly tremendously devoid of the, you know.... virus. Also he’s not responsible for... anything.... Many people are saying this.”  …
Now CNN is reporting: Trump tested negative for the virus. if you even believe he took the test, which I doubt, I don’t believe the WH would tell us the truth one way or the other. So to me, this is as useless as his whole administration.
Here's your virus bingo card. When Democrats use the virus to justify or argue for that particular issue, place your bean. 
This virus got people losing their mind fr
He absolutely has the virus 100% chance   …
Fantastic simulation from @washingtonpost about how virus spreads through populations with different methods of controlling the population (normal vs. quarantine vs social distancing)  
The scary thing is that Gaga, or any high profile celebrity for that matter, is way more likely to contract the virus considering how many different people  into contact with on a daily basis, Gaga is absolutely doing the right thing and setting a good example
If I get asked to review an article in the next 9-12 months about corona virus, I’m going to probably reject that article outright.
“Continuing the ... tradition of packing the bars is selfish and reckless during this pandemic. It will speed up the spread of the virus, increasing the suffering for older and more vulnerable people and the medical workers who will be caring for them.”  …
President Iron Man? WOOHOO Trump Tests Negative for Virus Nancy Weeps
Some people seriously do not understand that not every crisis is some sentient being you can defeat with psychology. "this virus can't scare me into living in fear". "we'll see who backs down first, me or this hurricane". "climate change will only hurt me if I show fear"
“Hope Hicks now involved in corona virus response.” Hope Hicks? Are you freaking kidding me? Hope freaking Hicks?
It seems you’re not allowed to make  on political matters (UNRELATED to the Corona virus!) until this whole pandemic nightmare has ceased. Apparently, Johnson and his government have to be given a free pass on all sorts of issues now... or so I’m being told.
@JohnCornyn Sir- a lot of seniors are following your lead, in restaurants, diners, shopping centers, & at the bar. Many of them will die as this virus continues to spread through  Your refusal to take this seriously is adding to the threat
The spread of coronavirus is very serious, and Spartans need to understand the critical importance of social distancing and how the virus can spread quickly in large crowds. We need everyone’s cooperation in this crisis.
Anti-Trumpers - "THE PRESIDENT SHOULD BE TESTED" *Trump takes the test and  back negative* Anti-Trumpers - "THEY'RE LYING. HE'S GOT THE VIRUS" 
BREAKING NOW!!!! GLORY TO GOD!! PRESIDENT IS NEGATIVE FOR THE WUHAN VIRUS!!!  …
One of my favourite headlines about the Corona Virus in Germany is how the participants of Big Brother have no idea what’s going on. They moved in on February 6 and haven’t had access to any news since then. And nobody is allowed to tell them.
gaga saying ‘in case i have it’ ... ma u are not allowed to get it i forbid it, i will fight the virus singlehandedly if necessary to protect u
Conceit and Contagion: How the Virus Shocked Europe |  …
We didn't need the virus to know NHS workers were heroes but, wow, hasn't it underlined it?
Reminder: This was the same WH doctor who last night said President Trump didn’t need a test for the coronavirus. Now, a day later, the doctor says he tested Trump for the virus and he’s negative.
SORRY MAAM, BUT THE ONLY WAY YOU'LL STAY #WUHANVIRUS FREE ON A COMMERCIAL AIRLINE IS TO WEAR A HAZMAT SUIT...PERIOD!: Stay Wuhan Virus-free while flying by using these health tips on airplanes  #FoxBusiness
just a little PSA : whenever packaging orders i do wear gloves so you do NOT have to worry about germs. just thought i’d say that. i know a lot of other small business are struggling along with myself during this whole virus. please remember to wash your hands. stay safe.
Korg and Moog made their synth apps free for the rest of the month because of the virus Moog:  … Korg:  … Get creative ppl.
BREAKING: Wife of Spanish Prime Minister infected with Corona virus.
The virus is not a problem. Believe me. The problem is the fear infecting the sheep.
He’s not 6’3” He’s not 230 lbs He’s not a runner He doesn’t have large hands He’s not the  He’s not n better shape than well anyone really incl dead ppl He’s doesn’t have the highest IQ He’s not a genius He didn’t have 1/2 of a physical weirdly separate No virus? Pls
“Imagine that you do have the virus. Then change your behavior so that you’re not transmitting it.”  …
The NBN and a proper response to Climate Change were the two big issues that Abbott and Joyce should not have played the short term division game. Both issues are and will have enormous economic consequences. The virus is another symptom of that neglect.  …
Y’all stayin home just to watch shit on 123movies......y’all worried about the wrong virus
I knew that I worked with a great team, but over past 2 weeks I now realise they are exceptional. The ICT team in HSE are working at breakneck speed, enabling changes in models of care and supporting frontline health services to fight the virus. I'M PROUD TO WORK FOR @HSELive
americans buying guns to shoot the virus 
Even the virus can't stand him.
GREAT news! Trump has officially tested negative for Wuhan virus.
My mom’s been saying the same thing all day. The only way to convince our elders to take this virus seriously is to send them warnings as WhatsApp chain messages because they treat those like Divine Revelation.  …
Ignore the virus. Your  from the fear Infecting the sheep around you.
As for the COVID-19 test, we see that about 2 percent of people tested turn out to be positive for the virus. Germany tested like crazy, and now the German government admits that Germany will soon follow the path of Italy. Testing didn't prevent the spread of the disease.
....guns?? They gonna shoot the virus or what
...the virus could more easily disrupt the heme in red blood cells. If so, the virus is very smart: it destroys the lung so patients can't take up oxygen AND reduces the body's ability to carry oxygen. (For this & other reasons, you should eat healthily the next 2 years)...
Chloroquine is predicted to prevent orf1ab, ORF3a and ORF10 from attacking heme (red in red blood cells) and inhibit the binding of ORF8 to heme. Although 99% of the virus is seemingly stable, what's disturbing is ORF 1 and 8 are mutating the fastest...
Even at the epicenter of the #COVIDー19 Europe/France,people went to the streets,against Macron. Nem com a pandemia do Corona Virus Macron tem sossego 
“We are using the full power of the federal government to defeat the virus...” - @realDonaldTrump 
Just read some article that really pissed me off about the corona virus and people taking advantage of other’s fear. Might be time for an angry video.
It’s been a busy first day at our HDH COVID-19 screening centre. I’m so proud of the dedication of our nursing staff and primary care colleagues, who are helping us squash the curve on this virus. 
Update, transmission of the virus via the US now exceeds the earlier cases from China. @juliette_io via  …
The results are in for @realdonaldtrump's coronavirus test. Is Trump carrying the virus? "Negative." 
How about I call people what I want? On my Twitter An if you don’t like it you f**k off, plus you obviously don’t get banter, do you honestly think I’d say take cbd for the corona virus  …
This is why Biowarfare is such a big threat. Look how quickly a virus that actually has a very high recovery rate,... shut down daily life worldwide. A virus with high mortality would bring the world to its knees nearly overnight.
This is #Winning Trump tour de force, as he mobilizes nation for fighting virus  … via @LifeZette
See how it's coordinated? So they were all calling it for what it was - Chinese Wuhan virus, and then they began politicizing it and called it the Trump virus, and now when Trump calls it the Wuhan virus he's a racist for doing so. And the useful idiots forget they called it that
At this point, Fox News is spreading so much virus disinformation, their network quickly  responsible for potentially thousands of deaths. Rupert Murdoch has  one of the most dangerous monsters America has ever faced. 
Even the virus doesn’t want to be in there.
Everyone likes to be too good for a Food Lion but whenever I see the empty aisle pics (snow, hurricane, humanity crippling virus, etc) I head to my go-to tucked away Leo of Food and they've never let me down.
Georgia delays its primary until May 19 in response to virus outbreak.  …
Even the virus dont want him
Ms. Frizzle and "The Magic School Bus" would have kicked this virus ass by now
Should be. The virus has a membrane, dish soap will work as well or better than hand soap to break it.
Don't know about 'Tweeter Ville' but flu's killed 291,000 people worldwide while Coronavirus has killed 5,819. Don't tell me a virus barely 0.019% the danger of flu is causing this hysteria. This panic is a way for govt.'s to take control. Sounds loony but it's true.  …
. @JoeBiden hasn't taken the coronavirus test yet. The campaign is unaware of any "relevant contact" the 2020 candidate may have had with the virus, but Biden is part of the most vulnerable demographic. Better safe than sorry, right? 
I am big on buying gift cards from local restaurants right now - it gives them cash today, and redemptions occur gradually over time. Also avoids spreading the virus. IF we get takeout, I honestly think wear gloves and maybe wipe bags/containers w/ sanitizer. Hunker down!
everyone:*panicking about the corona virus* 
I told you Trump is our reckoning for decades of culture and media excess & exploitation. A virus isn’t going to take him out. Air Force One could crash out of the air and burn and he’d walk out of the wreckage like the liquifying T-1000.
I NEVER wished a VIRUS on President Barack Obama These NASTY scumbags that kill babies, boo God, defame our Troops and Veterans and burn the American flag wish Coronavirus on President Trump They TRULY are Domestic Enemies of the United States! FUCK LIBS AND DEMS!
ICYMI: Liberal media pundits want you to think referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan" or "Chinese" virus is racist. Here's just a few of the times the liberal media did just that. 
President Trump adopted all the measures to protect us! Now it’s up to us to be conscious and avoid the virus spreading from within 
To all you who are whining about CDC not having enough money for this virus: Maybe if they stopped studying gun deaths as if it were a virus, and studied real F**KING viruses, they'd be in better shape? Also, GFY.
My Theory "quarantine" = custody coronavirus = "trial" cooperate at "trial" = live/recover don't cooperate at "trial" = die from virus on trial  … will die from virus  … cooperation  
BREAKING: Donald Trump's corona test, came out negative - not sick with the corona virus!
An Italian man plays Chinese national anthem and shouts "Thank you, China." Italians ought to thank China for the virus, for the hug-seekers, for the Red Guards parades.  …
CDC officials have said while it's clear asymptomatic spread does happen, it doesn’t appear to be the driver of the outbreak. CDC website says asymptomatic transmission "is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads." But Dr. Ciesek asks: “Why are they so sure of this?"
I really do hope the President doesn’t have coronavirus. But this WH’s credibility issues, and Trump’s refusal to follow medical best practices  into contact with people with the virus, injects a scary level of skepticism into what should be a believable announcement.  …
BITCOINERS ASSEMBLE! The virus can cancel our conferences but it won't cancel us! Today was our biggest VR bitcoin meetup yet. Lots of new virtual faces. So we're doing another one. On Tuesday. YOU DON'T NEED A HEADSET TO JOIN VR Socratic Seminar!  …
NYC v virus  …
a pack of imbecile Australians are my respect for my countrymen has dropped dramatically in the course of this virus, I was at the supermarket buying some things to make tonight’s tea and people where just pulling things from the shelves in panic ,while 2 semi trailers unloading
3/“... to virus-impacted small and medium businesses, who don’t always have leave policies. “In addition to most  having sick leave policies, 12 states and DC have paid sick leave policies....
Nicki Minaj predicted the corona virus Did it On Em- couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me ew Your Love- shawty imma tell you this once you the illest Warning- I popped the b top, like a corona Click Clack- murder them, murder them Rake It Up- brought the wraith to China
Tisnt often I lave the pub early... But I'm bolloxed if I bring that blasted virus home with me. #CloseThePubs
Contact Raymond Reddington ..He knows where that virus came from and the founder of that virus ..
The President's test result came in, negative! He does not have the virus. Just as the President said it would be. #Winning
To modify an old saying from when I was at Queen’s. Don’t hate me because I go to Queen’s. Hate me because I’m ignoring medical advice and selfishly facilitating the potential spread of a deadly virus.  …
Some of us have been tweeting about the math of virus infection. This 30min video outlines the overall approach. It stays at a simple level, but I think it shows why it is we exhibit *some* degree of confidence when we say what is *likely* to occur, and what we should all do  …
Remember when the media called it the Wuhan virus? That's now considered racist 
Trump tested negative for the virus ..... 
Shut up, you Succubus De Blasio: You Know, We Need to Nationalize Businesses to Fight the Wuhan Virus  …
BREAKING: Trump doctor says president has tested negative for novel coronavirus. Follow AP coverage of the virus outbreak here: 
BREAKING POTUS TESTS NEGATIVE FOR VIRUS
theyre spreading another virus  …
me happy that school is canceled because of the virus but then remembering it’s ruining all of our senior events 
The Only man I'm certain will survive this Corona Virus outbreak. 
BREAKING: President Trump's virus test just came back NEGATIVE. Too bad, libs. Better luck next time. Now let's test every Democrat and News reporter.
They're trying to understand people under the age of 20 who don't have "significant symptoms" -- "Are they a group that are potentially asymptomatic and spreading the virus?" Asymptomatic Transmission  …
BREAKING: Georgia follows Louisiana’s lead and postpones their elections due to the Corona virus outbreak.
I live in NYC. If it wasn’t for @NYCSanitation, you can forget the Corona virus because the whole city would be dead of the bubonic plague within a week. Thank you for what you do.
romanticizing the current situation with the corona virus going around is not it 
#boristhebutcher has not the slightest idea how to manage the #coronavirus. He may think he is clever but the shit  out of his mouth just proves how stupid he is. A PM who want 60% of the population to get the virus should kicked. #BorisOut. 
mcs: “we’re cancelling all gatherings and events including sports because we don’t want the virus to spread” students: “but school is still...” mcs: MAKE SURE TO WASH UR HANDS
One shocking thing about this virus thing is that it seems a lot of people don't know how to clean their homes, including doing things like using bleach and diluting to wipe down certain surfaces. So, big hint: a big bottle of bleach is always a cheap and easy cleaning aid.
There’s growing criticism by hundreds of scientists and doctors of the govt’s response to the virus outbreak.  …
has anybody just tried TALKING to the virus for goodness sake
CBC doesn't explain that Canada has open borders and the US does not. Soon the US will determine that Canada is a risk for virus, terrorists, and illegals and shut the northern border. The end of Canada  …
YouTubers Get Corona Virus? #DramaAlert I'm SUED for $3.5 Mill! James Ch...  via @YouTube
CANCEL TV LICENCES NOW - THEY CAN'T KNOCK ON DOORS DURING A VIRUS OUTBREAK THE BBC WORKED TO DELIVER A JOHNSON GOVERNMENT. DO NOT PAY THEM RETWEET THIS
#Gobert, the first NBA player diagnosed with coronavirus, is donating $500,000 to assist people affected by the virus closures The #UtahJazz all-star center is giving $200,000 to part-time employees of the Vivint Smart Home Arena in #SaltLakeCity  …
Our tour, like many others was cancelled due to the Corona Virus. This has left us with THOUSANDS of dollars worth merch debt. If you want to help support Bloodline while we sort through this, buying merch is the best way to do that. RT and thank you.  
Soap and water is by far superior to sanitizer. If you have to use sanitizer, be sure to keep your hands moisturized. Dry and cracked skin can harbor all microbes including this virus.
West Virginia is the only state without coronavirus because: 1. They can't afford it. 2. You have to be able to read to know it's out there. 3. It was the virus' choice. My apologies to all my West Virginia followers. Like I've got any.
yo I’ve got ferns I’ve got flowers I’ve got yard I’ve got dogs I’ve got weed I’ve got monster TM energy drink I’ve got taquitos & pizza rolls I’ve got hot wife all I’m missing is the virus
When the coronavirus outbreak began, we wrote a story about everything you need to know about the virus. Well, "everything" has changed now that it's a pandemic and a national emergency. So here's a new story: 
COVID-19: A Manufactured Virus In A Soros-Owned Lab To Crash The Economy?  … via @BradleeDean1
Youcanspreadthevirusbeforeyouhavesymptoms
White House medical office - which once claimed Trump weighs just 239 pounds - says his #coronavirus report is negative (meaning no virus)
Then on March 7, seven days ago, he went to Mar-a-Lago to golf and mingle at a big party. Because how could all those scientists and doctors possibly know more about a virus than the amazing Trump? His unchecked narcissism will kill people. It's on you, Republican Senators.
It's been 15 days since our first case. As the virus will eventually touch every town and city, here’s my best (and sometimes hard-won) advice to other mayors and local officials who are trying to prepare   …
“I want to thank the vice president — and especially the president — who facilitated this." @realdonaldtrump "moved quickly" to slow the coronavirus, said @GovCuomo, praising Trump's and @VP's response to the virus pandemic. 
"We know there is a period of about 4 days where you can have no symptoms but still have the virus detected." @DrJeanneM explains to @CNN that if you have no symptoms, you shouldn’t be tested. Tests are precious right now and needed for the most visibly symptomatic and 
The #CoronavirusPandemic is extremely serious and merits equally serious theological and moral analysis and praxis. This is not the time for armchair quarterbacking or ideological banter. The virus doesn't care about your political views or ignorant perspectives.
Is 14 days enough for quarantine? Couple spends 3 weeks in the hospital and still tests positives. Early Symptoms Cough Fever Throat Headache "Early Symptoms of Corona Virus & dealing with the disease." 
I think I have the corona virus
Not letting this virus stop me from working on this booty 
Read ⁦⁦ @cwarzel⁩ “The idea is simple: If low-risk people don’t socially distance, then the entire containment process is not effective...it’s more likely that a low-risk individual will expose a high-risk individual to the virus.” via  …
My fellow Americans -- We're the greatest nation on Earth. To prove that, let's beat this virus. We have our liberties but let's use them wisely -- stay in, take care of those who are sick. We can beat this. Let's act like the greatest people on Earth.
 bungled the most basic bit of the virus response  of what the response actually is) and created a sense of panic and confusion. It seems like they are now just going to go with the rest of the world but in a staggered way to save face 
Let’s hope the virus stays around then.
Is extreme boredom a symptom of corona virus? If so I got that shit.
While our families and friends in Iran are struggling with #COVIDー19, illegal US sanctions are making it harder for the virus to be contained. Young Iranians everywhere are worried their loved ones and understand the role of genocidal sanctions. #EndIranSanctions #EndIranEmbargo
Just days ago Gingrich tweeted that the virus might prove ultimately helpful, by wiping out the leadership in Iran.
So are the people in pubs immune to the virus or? So selfish
This is a tangential point, but how many cases of the virus were here before the first one was positively identified on Jan. 26? And when did it arrive here? There is so much we don't know.
Rich craquers spreading the virus from the Atlantic to the Pacific and down to the Gulf.
Dr. 20,000 trying  our 2 cases to places where they’ve described as the epicenter of the virus. If his agenda isn’t clear, well idk what is Yet his tweet is blowing up Loving the panic you’re trying to cause huh?  …
This is what will happen to me if this fucking virus keeps me in the house for weeks  …
if u live in longview and know THE smell, ur immune to the corona virus
Dylan Carlson has tested positive as the next Mike Trout. The Trout virus is a rare virus that only happens to goats 
Overheard between bickering couple at store: “too bad the solution isn’t emotional distancing, then you’d be totally immune to the virus.”
Sligo is a beautiful but minuscule  to China & Italy,one would be very naïve to think their actions will have no consequences. As of NOW we need to avoid ALL social gatherings. It’s our duty to protect our family,friends & neighbours to eliminate this virus for good.
My town canceled their St. Patrick’s Day parade but the bars and restaurants are still holding their parties, so a bunch of drunk idiots are all out definitely not keeping a safe social distance from one another. This is how the virus spreads and it is selfish to be out.
probably too late to do big numbers with a joke where I call it “cronut-virus”
Pretty girls please be safe there’s a deadly virus going around Ugly hoes idgaf what y’all do
There aren't millions of us walking around with the virus unknowingly for the simple reason we aren't seeing people showing up in the medical system. If 20% require medical care, it means we would be seeing those cases, if everyone was infected like the media is trying to suggest
I see some people think the reason the death rate for Corona virus in Italy is so high is because they think they aren't testing many people. Veneto in Italy has done MOST tests in the world per capita. Death rate there is at 2.8% The death rate in Italy is very high.
Yup. Soap breaks the lipid coat of the virus which renders it "dead". Any soap will work basically. Wash frequently. Sanitizer should really only be used when you don't have access to running water.
The sad part is the collateral damage, the people who took what she said as the gospel truth thus ignoring the virus and potentially infecting others. Once a disinformation narrative has been settled on and the propaganda starts flowing, it’s very difficult to reverse.
When the corona virus ruins your summer plans  …
2. I think this is because boomers see national emergencies as wartime conditions, not some virus. And for people in their early 20s, they were too young to experience 9/11 (i'm  this directly to 9/11) so they're not used to locking down.
Damn, I'm turning 30 tomorrow. How should I spend the last day of my twenties? Unrelated but I bet strippers/strip clubs have been hit really hard with the virus outbreak. We must do our part and support these independent contractors.
4 weeks of not playing in the fall.. then surgery in February...  no baseball due to the virus... not being able to play is one thing, but not being around your brothers on the diamond that you spent endless time w/ is heart crushing we’ll be back stronger
Seeing a handful of "they're gonna shoot the virus" jokes, but if you look at the demographic there and follow what POC are saying it reads a lot more to me as holing up with a self-defense plan  …
I think I'm up to a couple hundred virus refugees now. I'm gonna need to stock up on toilet paper and hand sanitizer. Gotta run to the store. Be right back.  …
What @CMO_England and @uksciencechief have consistently said is that action to delay the virus would be ramped up as the UK “moves along the curb” to more infections. My report tonight implies we are further along the curve than they thought only a few days ago. Or so...  …
my mom insisted on reading this shit out loud to me. guess what, the bomb gets you whether or not you go out and have fun. the virus ONLY gets you if you do that.  
Have a REALLY hard time believing that all these politicians and elites  down with this virus. Something smells wrong Shouldn’t they live in better conditions than us normal folk?
It is extremely irresponsible of people to downplay this Corona virus. There is a reason countries all over the world are taking drastic measures. It is NOT "just the flu". Some people are in denial and are trying to downplay it as a coping mechanism. Don't.
Funny how the virus has mostly affected countries who keep telling us “This video is not available in your location”
Did anyone else notice that the CMO of Australia mentioned that “one of the positive things about this virus” is that children can be asymptomatic, and therefore build “herd immunity” into the population? Using the kids as your firewall? I’m not happy. Not happy. #insiders
Yes , dear . Cigarette smoke increases the expressions of ACE2 which is the receptor for SARSCOV2 It’s like we increase many USB ports for the virus to connect and get into our alveolar cells ( lung cells ) To put it simply , helping the virus get into our lungs easier  …
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
STAY HOME AND DEMAND A RENT FREEZE & EVICTION MORATORIUM! De Blasio and Cuomo are continuing the masquerade of the corona virus, the stocks must flow. Gig workers like us have already lost weeks of work. The city needs to take action NOW!  
Morning guys think positive and I miss you mayward mag ingat Tau lhat s virus @mor1019 #MORHot10 Heart Heart GIRL By Maymay Entrata #MayWard @maymayentrata07 
Tomorrow will be our last day open for a while. Hopefully by doing this we can stop the spread of the virus and get us back up and running soon.I’m gutted but know it’s the right thing to do. Stay safe my friends and thank you.
China may have prevented 95% of virus cases if it enacted measures after silenced whistleblower's warning  #coronavirus #covid19 
ppl be treating this virus like it’s a zombie apocalypse
Now would be a good time for Universal Basic  People with the virus are risking exposing others because they can't afford to stay home. There should never be a nation where people have to decide between public safety and homelessness.
The warfare against another virus, polio, was conquered by a collaboration between @uofcincy Dr. Albert Sabin and USSR’s Dr. Mikhail Chumakov, bringing the oral polio vaccine to the world in the 1950s, in the midst of the Cold War. United we shall  #COVIDー19 
PLEASE STAY HOME IF YOU CAN. assume you’re already carrying the virus. don’t expose others.  …
Coronavirus: Spain imposes near total lockdown to fight spread of virus  …
Listen to Mr. Ferraresi, who is living a week into a hellish future in Italy. “We thought a few local lockdowns, canceling public gatherings, and warmly encouraging working from home would be enough stop the spread of the virus,” he wrote. “We now know that wasn’t nearly enough.”  …
STANFORD STUDY seeking participants to evaluate #COVID19 epidemic. Please spend 5mins to help track the impact of virus  & understand the actions individuals and households are taking in response to the epidemic. (18+yr to participate).  …
You really thought I wouldn’t make a song called Corona Virus Catch it, Bin it, Kill it! 
Me when i get corona virus 
Oh, you mean like 95 masks and the Covid tests that we’re not getting, which is leading of a lack of knowledge as to where the virus is spreading, and will result in more deaths?  …
EU open borders project is collapsing! 8 countries are CLOSING borders due to corona virus. - Norway - Denmark - Austria - Slovakia - Slovenia - Poland - Latvia - Czech Republic This is unprecedented time in history. RETWEET!  …
PSA - not everyone that coughs or sneezes is carrying your big scary virus. Some of us have seasonal allergies and don’t appreciate your death glares!!!
Meanwhile, Louisiana confirmed its first death from the virus, a 58-year-old, and officials expressed growing concern about a more than doubling of cases from yesterday. The state now has one of the highest number of cases per capita in the country.  …
 … Trump sought to frame the coronavirus crisis with xenophobic bombast about killing the “foreign” virus and shutting down air travel “and a tremendous amount of trade and cargo” to Europe. Trump demonstrated once again he has no grasp of reality.
If President Trump tests positive for the Wuhan virus you'll see liberals partying in the street. If he tests negative they'll say he's lying. These people are sick and getting sicker.
Anyone know why @ChrisMurphyCT was NOT tested for The Wuhan Virus last month when he secretly met with High ranking Iranian officials ?????? ...did he bring it back to the US???
ECG hear say the Corona virus no dey like heat norr boom dem take crab do soup Nbs heat adey feel rn
After receiving an update from State officials late today on the current impact of the COVID-19 virus, Archbishop William Lori has determined that to safeguard the well-being the faithful of the Archdiocese of Baltimore, all public Masses are canceled until further notice.
ligma was way worse than corona virus
And yes, for those asking, my wife is #SocialDistancing similar to how she was #SocialDistancing before the virus (she left).
A package that arrived at LAX from the United Kingdom was supposedly carrying purified water, but CBP officers found vials of white liquid labeled “Corona Virus 2019nconv (COVID-19)"  …
Nurses, doctors & other multi disciplinary staff are fighting to save the lives of Corona virus victims whilst idiots ignore the warnings & go out drinking in packed pubs etc. Whilst idiotic politicians here argue against the ever mounting evidence to isolate as many as possible.
Save us O Lord from our worries and fears. Save us from what depresses us. Save us from the corona virus. Lord, be  Be our solace. Be our strength. Have mercy on us, O Lord. This we ask through the Healing Eucharist, in Jesus name. Amen.
"- I already lost a friend back home (Portugal) to this virus. I think the fixtures will be stopped. We're putting everyone at risk" - An emotional Jorge Jesus in his post-match interview at FlaTV.
So now the Corona Virus was started due to no Medicare for all? So glad @BernieSanders isnt using this crisis to pander for  …
Libdopes just can't help they're Mental Disorder !!! They’ve Got Him Now! Reporter Tweets Angst About Trump Wearing ‘USA’ Hat at Wuhan Virus Briefing  …
Praying away the virus didn’t work for Iran, and it won’t work here either… we need more tests – now.
We were supposed to meet a friend for coffee tomorrow. We haven’t seen her in months and were really looking forward to catching up with her. BUT we decided to cancel because we felt it wouldn’t be right to risk catching or carrying the virus. BE RESPONSIBLE, PEOPLE, PLEASE FFS  …
asalamalaykum uncle with the corona virus going around i would like to marry your daughter so i can keep her safe in my home 
Congratulations Ontario we’re the corona virus capital of Canada 
The CMO saying the virus "probably doesn't last for a few hours" on a surface when the WHO are saying that it may survive on surface for hours up to days, but it isn't known exactly? How pathetically irresponsible  …
Oppah was implying that us, Zimbabweans we're immune to COVID–19. Her remarks were not only ignorant but dangerous because people will actually stop taking precautions which is our only line of defence against the virus.Such words should be treated with the contempt they deserve!
Seeing so many people distancing so quickly has been incredibly heartening. It is a selfless act that benefits us all, and helps us fight this virus. On the other hand, since martial metaphors are all the rage, there's a word for going out and recklessly giving aid to the enemy  …
Cruise lines are pressuring countries to allow them to dock and disembark. They are literally introducing the virus in the Caribbean. Puerto Rico and Colombia’s first reported cases disembarked from a cruise. Another case of the  …
Good to see the UK  finding their voice on the failure of the UK Government to protect the population from #COVID19 #coronavirus Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
Three teams that call the Staples Center home are teaming up to help part-time staff at the arena during the pause in sports due to the COVID-19 virus.  …
Live footage from the UK govt writing their corona virus policy 
Every single death from the Wuhan Virus is reported like it's news. How many hours have the cable News spent telling you about the base in Iraqi which Iran bombed twice, killing three, or that Trump killed their SECOND Leader of the IRGC in defensive retaliation?
Why would Jesus allow a virus like this to thrive? It's because our sins became too great that our hearts became too far from Him. Pray and ask for His forgiveness today. He promised eternal life to those who will repent, and hell is the destiny of those who won't. 
This didn’t age well. I’ll repeat that I don’t want anyone to get this virus. I do hope that Ronna will do some reflecting. 
It’s what our ped said too and it’s just not the right advice. When a cold looks like a deadly virus and we have no way of telling them apart (no access to testing) why wouldn’t you err on the side of flattening the curve?  …
Dear friends, I’m going to bed a bit earlier to give my fitness and virus-resistance a boost. Goede nacht! . Bossie will probably not be online tomorrow: 
Me getting the back to back texts that one of my housemates used my toothbrush while the other one is going to get tested for the virus 
England will force old people into house arrest for 4 months with military guarding hospitals and supermarkets to stop elderly from entering. All this for a virus that's only killed 21 people? No, this is a power grab using the virus as an excuse.  …
stream the corona virus hits: toxic, work from home, the cure and hands to myself
In S Korea, they’re testing  to Italy where they’re only testing symptomatic people. This graph is terrifying. There are a whole lot of asymptomatic young people shedding virus. This is why schools are closed and why social distancing is so important. Be safe. 
This virus was created in 2015. Gates owns the patent. Soros has ownership in the  where it was manufactured. They thought she would win...
how to stop corona virus. Really short but helpful video! 
Skiers Affected By The Recent Closures: 1) wash your hands 2) watch avy conditions - snow doesn’t give a shit about a virus 3) virtually all the old Warren Miller movies are on Apple TV available to rent 4) all of @Level1’s films are available on Vimeo 5) love ya
Maybe the virus isn’t so bad after all 
10 days ago while other countries were concerned for their citizens and made sure they had access to tests, @realDonaldTrump's only concern was that the virus would make him look bad. This is what he had to say. Never forget.  …
The UK's "laissez-faire attitude to the virus" - Prof Willem van Schaik quoted by BBC News. As in economics, laissez-faire is a damaging, sometime lethal, philosophy. Especially in public health.
Me every time people ask to hang out with me since this Corona Virus has been going around 
Yep, and this is identical. I’m not saying that we don’t have a problem with this virus I’m just saying that we have a problem in how people are handling them selves. #Dignity  …
- belief! They are potentially spreading a virus to others and to areas where high risk people might be forced into going... there are 277 ICU beds in this country, between 5-9% of people who get the virus will need one! So a lot of people will die, that worth a few pints??
Millions of workers are left out, increasing the risk that they’ll do their jobs while sick and further the spread of this virus. 
Italy’s civil protection department's latest figures on the #coronavirus show there were 175 more deaths over the past 24 hours, down from 250 the day before. So far 1,441 people have died from the virus in Italy out of a total of 21,157 recorded cases.  …
I’d like to apologize to our brave USA ancestors who lived through plagues, tuberculosis, smallpox, the Civil War, the Great Depression, WW1 and WW2 for what we’ve now  - Fighting over toilet paper and having a meltdown over a virus with around a 98 - 99% survival rate.
with the level of hygiene from straight men we see here I don’t think it takes a lot to wonder why the virus spread so damn quick 
Never forget that Democrats (including their media mouthpiece presstitutes) OPPOSED the early actions taken by President Trump in January that prevented the virus from taking hold in this country as it has in Italy and Iran. NEVER FORGET.
can’t believe Abel is going to drop the cure for corona virus in 6 days  …
You’re telling me I got all dressed up and cute for NO REASON alright I’m officially over this virus
Interesting quote from @MattHancock piece in tomorrow’s Telegraph: “We have a plan, based on the expertise of world-leading scientists. Herd immunity is not a part of it. That is a scientific concept, not a goal or a strategy. Our goal is to protect life from this virus.”
Weren't you arguing a few days ago that this was all stupid and the virus was no big deal and was merely an attempt by democrats to harm Trump? Why, yes, you were! I wonder how many people were infected because they believed you that it was nothing.
Not going to lie if my baby twins are born one month early with undeveloped lungs and Corona virus i will physically hurt people.  …
BREAKING Denmark rushes through emergency #coronavirus law which allows the authorities to force people to be vaccinated, even though there is currently no vaccination for the virus. It also empowers them to access to public institutions & transport  …
Look at how well praying the virus away worked for Iran…  …
Attention all 2020 athletes: Don’t allow this set back of the virus stop you from getting a collegiate track and field opportunity. I am still recruiting all Class of 2020 athletes. Please contact me. 
Tomorrowfor our Leaders, & those affected by virus #NationalDayOfPrayer Many Church’s won’t have services but u don’t need a bldg to ‘..4 you are the TEMPLE of the LIVING GOD; as God hath said, I will DWELL in YOU, walk in you; I’ll be YOUR God & they shall be my people’  
I’ll ask daily— What does it mean to be Republican these days and are there any decent ones left? Folks’ family members are dying from this virus and what a surprise, we have another  on twitter. 
I went to a grocery store...and the energy was "chaotic." Fear and uncertainty have  a SECOND virus. Two wishes: One is NECESSARY. One is NEEDED. #1: May we each take NECESSARY precaution. #2: May we each be a NEEDED voice of calm. #SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayVibes
Nope. No Corona virus around here  – at Kennisis Lake
If dis virus cancel one more of my fucking shows imma be mad asf bra I swear
The news is all arse about tit. NOTHING about the death of Genesis P-Orridge, just loads of stuff about a deadly virus or something.
They arrested him. The Australian Military is mobilized. No where for them to hide. Unless places like Pine Gap are still under control of The Beast. Put virus into Adrenochrome w/ a nano RFID chip & find them all. One virus to find them & in the darkness bind them.
Whoever still calls the coronavirus Chinese virus or Wuhan virus, you deserve to get #COVIDー19. I have not seen any Democratic politicians saying that. GOP politicians you can go to mar-a-lago to isolate yourselves
Corona virus ain’t got shit against the CHR!S V!RUS 
Eagle County has a big outbreak in CO. In Italy the virus took off in a ski resort town. Viruses thrive in these kinds of cold environments, and when travelers visit these small towns, they put locals at risk. This is the right decision.
Exactly. You don’t “show the virus” by defying it. We kill the virus. We kill it by cutting off its ability to infect and kill us and those around us. We kill this virus by staying inside and away from others. It’s an easy war to win if we stay in. Failure is not an option.  …
The most vulnerable will feel both the health and economic impact of this virus. Our economic vulnerabilities and lack of safety nets are about to play out in really troubling ways that highlight the racial stratification.  …
Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives' - BBC News  …
We all know Obama would have handled this virus better ,let me quote him. Me , my , um ,er , I, my , me , mine , me , my , er ,um , er ,me ,um , my , i ,me i, my ,me ,um , er , my , um ,me. C'Mon man , spit it the Fk out Joe. 
Conundrum This virus is lethal to the old with ongoing health problems  the young heroic Chinese doctor who first warned the world of this pandemic,has died of the virus ?
Boris “Let’s all get the virus plan” “we don’t like it!!” Todays 2min newspaper review it’s a classic 
Republicans are the only people in the world who are not concerned about this virus.
How this tweet sounds with NVDA/Firefox:  … How to handwash? Use graphic clickable Soap and graphic clickable Splashing sweat symbol for at least 40 dash 60 seconds link number Safe Hands link number corona virus link number COVID19 link graphic Image link
Would spending £200bn on #Trident be better spent funding the #NHS - can Trident be used to protect a country against a virus? #coronavirus has shown that in military terms you may be the strongest in the world but if you don't have an effective health service you are vulnerable.
Either China or Bill Gates who financially sponsored the lab that this virus escaped from needs to explain the reason for the release of it? We've been had.
In  weeks/months I don't wanna hear "I'm sorry I cannot sub to you now because-" This bitch ass virus is gonna affect many people's livelihood, you sort your shit first. I will try my best to get sponsorship opportunities from richer corporations, y'all can relax. 
We need to get Muss to the CDC. If they just keep him stocked up on Diet Pepsi, he’ll have this virus figured out by Monday.  …
Kids in particular can be asymptomatic and still carry the virus. They infect others at school who then turn around and infect their families--which explains why schools need to be closed.
We are being told libraries provide vital services needed during this time. That is false. The vital service right now is to stay home and avoid public spaces and stop this virus from spreading.
Sitting 1,5-2m apart would be much more effective than this nonsense. Masks do not protect from catching the virus. People shouldn’t buy them and they should be reserved for health professionals only. What kind of message does this deliver to people?  …
It's been absolutely infuriating to see so many other 20-somethings still going out to bars, restaurants, and traveling, thinking because we're young we'll be fine. FFS, it's our social obligation not to be an unknowing carrier and spread the virus to vulnerable populations.  …
feel like peak virus will be when you open IG and everyone has gone “live”
Younger folks, read this and think about older folks. Give a shit for them. Older folks, read this and replace the virus with climate change and think about younger folks. Give a shit for them.  …
Corona Virus be canceling everything except our bills .
Why do people call it COVID-19 instead of corona virus? Imma start calling everything by its scientific name. Gonna have to stock up on some H2O
Before we kill the “cruel, corporate- run health system,” let’s give it a chance to help fix the govt’s mismanaged virus testing program. And perhaps allow our  to develop a vaccine. Then we can kick the private sector out and turn health care over to the govt!?  …
1/The case for staying home, written by my friend, a hospital social worker: Here is the reality: We are guarding entrances & severely restricting visiting hours @our hospital to minimize the risk of exposing vulnerable pt populations to a virus that could very well kill them.
If our CMO is even slightly entertaining the idea that kids are somehow magically immune to a virus, any virus, then he needs to immediately step down. #auspol #Insiders
corona virus ain’t stopping in New Orleans. Lol they still going up for st pattys day
So is Corona Virus actually a thing or are people starting to finally see the side effects of Juuls
What if we kissed during the corona virus pandemic?
Wow...this agnostic man told me he loved me after sharing the love of Christ. A read: This word of knowledge was powerful because clearly he’s a stranger and me telling him I knew his mother died shocked him and he  because he was worried about the Corona virus. 
niggas will wear masks just to go take it off and devour the pussy, u worried bout the wrong type of virus
I'm an extrovert. I love going out. But y'all who are still slamming into bars are really lame for that. Social distancing is about harm reduction for the most vulnerable: the sick, elderly, and uninsured. You're spreading the virus even if you personally don't get sick.
Worried about actual virus 1% Worried about people’s jobs, small businesses, the economy, the elderly living in fear, and people’s mental health when this is all over 99%
Lord, I know everything has a reason. I’m praying for my country and for my fellow Filipinos to be safe from Corona virus #PrayForPhilippines
He didn't call the virus a hoax, unplug from #EnemyOfThePeople THIS is what POTUS 
I’m starting to get really frustrated with people throwing around percentage death rates for COVID 19 like these are numbers that depends solely on the virus itself and not the health systems in which the illness is embedded.
*GEORGIA FOLLOWS LOUISIANA IN POSTPONING DEM PRIMARY OVER VIRUS How does this not domino until the remainder of the season? And while it may not matter for the Presidential election, it will create chaos down ballot.
The virus has now been confirmed or presumptively diagnosed in nine provinces. 
You need to close. This is disappointing. Your staff don’t deserve to be on the frontline of this virus. Please follow the example of many other major library systems around the country that are CLOSING!  …
At Mar-a-Lago, party became virus hot zone  …
Folks, there is a 73 year old man with heart disease who had known contact with at least three people carrying the virus. He is going around shaking hands and spreading germs among the highest levels of government in the midst of a National Emergency. He name is Donald.
The United States is 11 days behind Italy in terms of this virus. Eleven days. I don't think April is going to be better. I think Spring is just done for. At least I have my garden.
Be aware that your first indication you’ve had any contact at all with someone with the virus will probably be a message from your local health service, by text, email or phone. Believe it.
Everyone STAY HOME & avoid all nonessential contact in  Especially if you're 60 or older or have an underlying chronic medical condition. Spread the message not the virus &save lives!  …
The bottom line: We are an island. If #boristhebutcher had pulled his finger out from the start, we could have prevented this. They knew people would be flying in spreading the virus - they did nothing. People are going to die unnecessarily & they DO NOT CARE. #COVIDー19
you do realize this contagious virus incubates for several wks before symptoms occur? & isolating as much as possible slows the spread to the elderly & vulnerable? there seems to be a *LOT* of ppl who think going out & mingling has zero implications just cuz they feel ok atm.
Pulling back up to work & school after the Corona Virus 
Lord, You are bigger than this virus.
ATTENTION NEIGHBORS: The virus may be growing but so does your grass. Lawn inspections WILL RESUME per usual starting Monday! Anyone with a lawn over 1.5” in heig-
Denmark has passed a law to enforce quarantine measures. The new law also allows the authorities to force people to be vaccinated, even though there is currently no vaccination for the #COVID19 virus.  …
FUCK the corona virus my ex was WAY more toxic
This is why people around the world are so angry with the Chinese Communist Party right now. They silenced the whistleblower and covered up the extent of the spread of the virus since early December. The #CCP MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY.
Y’all hoes hoes so sick y’all partying even when it’s ah virus going around
I understand why the deaths of people killed by this virus are qualified with mentions of “pre-existing conditions”, but it feels horribly dismissive. Desperately hoping people start heading the advice given in greater numbers.
Why Blk folks always change the name of a sickness or virus ... they changed high blood pressure to the pressure.. diabetes To the sugar sickness.. now Y’all done gave the Corona virus the name Rona like she’s a bad azz heffa 
One of the reasons we needed testing early is so we could understand how COVID-19 is evolving. Data from China is out of date already. 50% of people in French ICUs with the virus are under 60-years-old!
Coronavirus: Handling of virus shows President Donald Trump has lower learning capacity than a toddler  
China literally jailed whistleblowers. They put people in "quarantine" reeducation camps. Kept the virus sequence from the world, and that they even had a new Coronavirus and the MSM is touting the fast response. 
“Packing the bars is selfish and reckless during this pandemic. It will speed up the spread of the virus, increasing the suffering for older and more vulnerable people and for the medical workers who will be caring for them” 
With more flight passengers arriving confirmed to have the virus, returning Albertans should self-monitor their air travel, visit  for flight information and self-isolate if found to be at risk
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔ understand ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ preventing the spread of a deadly virus is more important than going out this weekend ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔
Murphy flat out lies. He claims virus lasts on surfaces for a few hours. Yesterday, scientists state it can live n surfaces for three days. This is bloody disgraceful  …
291,000 people have died of flu worldwide but only 5,819 died of Coronavirus. COVID-19's being used to increase govt. powers, especially against dissidents. China's stopped Hong Kong protests, France's stopping Yellow Vests, etc. NO virus only 0.019% fatality of flu can do this.  …
Bravo! Good example if corporate social responsibility. Comcast offering free broadband to  households to help them cope with virus outbreak  …
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
like if you hate the Corona Virus
This virus is messing up my senior year 
200 + UK Scientists say Johnson is wrong - Show us the modelling that says Herding will work with this unknown Virus @Conservatives @Scotland_future @theSNP
The City of Starkville is closely monitoring all the sources of information regarding the recently declared pandemic of the COVID-19 virus. Please ensure you continue to get any information from legitimate sources. 
Southern Baptists couldn’t spell Corona before this virus.
if they put us on lockdown for corona virus i'm gonna birth like 60 fanfics
I am a huge Trevor Bauer fan. I usually like the things he does. However, his organizing a "sandlot" type pickup game for MLB players still in Phoenix does not make sense to me. Spring training was shut down for a reason. Beside the virus, what if someone gets hurt? Not smart.
capitalism is the true virus that has seeped into the mentality and psychosis of every person in this country. it is up to us during this time to heal and revive any sense of human decency and dignity among one another. to care, to love, to fight for someone you do not know.
My birthday is tomorrow, my depression is flaring, I don’t have a cake, not a fucking flower, my attitude is fucked up, this virus got the city on pause, I know everyone got they own problems and preparing for the worst but I really fucking feel a way, I just.....I deadass am mad
I’m sorry this virus is not going to stop me from enjoying life. Everyone is so negative instead of positive.
Hazard’s corona virus examination  …
1.5 billion people on Twitter during a global epidemic of said coronavirus, and not one video of anybody with Corona virus on here in isolation ... Just Hearsay so far
If you spent your summers swimming here, you're immune to the corona virus 
Between 2pm and 3:45pm I drove to the supermarket and did a big shop. I want to reiterate at this point that I have no symptoms, nor have I tested positive for the virus, so as far as I know I wasn’t putting anyone at risk. But I’d been ordered to self-isolate & hadn’t realised
He should announce that he will be president indefinitely until this virus is contained.
Media gets held to its own Wuhan virus standard: Reporter turned away from White House briefing due to fever 
I’ve never felt more pessimistic that we can withstand this virus than I do tonight. It’s not the virus, the science, the govt or the strategy. It’s the lack of national will. If we don’t unite to tackle this then all is lost. #cornoravirusuk
I think calling the Corona Virus a Hoax, telling the American People that it was Contained and the rejecting the World Health Organization’s Test, while not having an alternative test to offer American’s adequate testing could qualify as Negligent Homicide. #WhereAreTheTests
The misinformation level is through the roof. In France, they did a protest; to manifest against the corona virus & how the gvt handled it. So. A public gathering, to ask the gvt to take measures. Such as forbidding those.  …
Even if this tweet hits home for one or two of you, I feel obligated to send it because it’s important: please take social distancing seriously. Please don’t think this virus won’t impact you in any way. Please do your best to be selfless during this tough time.
I’ve thought twice about tweeting this, but normally I see my parents pretty much every weekend, I’ve not seen them for two weeks as my dad won’t stand a chance against this virus and I don’t want  him, I don’t know when I’ll see them again, but god do I miss them
Fauci in 2018 told Congress: “When you have a respiratory virus that can be spread by droplets & aerosol & there's a degree of morbidity associated with that, you can have a catastrophe” Trump in March 2020, “This is something that you can never really think is going to happen."
- two words - right - first word - huh huh - Drink? - no - Wine? - No! - Beer? - Name a brand! - Corona? - Yes! - okay second word. Bug? - no - germ? - no! - Virus? - Yes!! - Corona Virus? - Wow I’m impressed, and all you gotta do is wash you hands, wash your hands all the time
Johnson puts industry on war footing to equip NHS with vital kit as virus spirals: tomorrow’s sombre edition of the Sunday 
y’all gotta be kidding me I’m sick of this virus panic shit 
Any baseball players in Palm Beach County that are interested in joining a mini league so we can all get work in until this virus calms down, please DM ME. We’ll do teams and play games 2-3 times a week ! #Getbetter
French authorities say avoid Ibuprofen in attempt 2 lower raised temperature as it exacerbates pulmonary problems with this virus. Is this same info from gov? Haven’t found it so far. Anyone?
Makes sense on paper. In reality the virus moves too fast, we will lose control of it in the UK before we know it. This has happened to every other country. The theory also assumes immunity to #COVIDー19 is possible. This isn’t clear yet. There have been cases of reinfection.
Corona Virus Kickback (bring your own facemask ) 
I have an Autoimmune & Bone Marrow disease probably caused by my RN father working on nuclear subs & carriers which means I don't have enough white blood cells I can't fight this virus - it will kill me if I catch it You are NOT doing enough! You have signed my death warrant
Please let’s not confuse social distancing and quarantining (social isolation). People  about anxiety over #COVIDー19 but the infection is much worse for the immunologically suppressed and vulnerable. So help them out. Don’t spread the virus.
So i went to buy milk for sums place (a homless shelter) and some gora said "if your getting stuff for the virus i would personally buy canned goods" that got me thinking we are grabbing a lot stuff for ourselves we should buy stuff for homless shelters they need more then we do.
Corona virus spreading through cash money , don’t worry a lotta y’all gone be straight
The doctor checking Hazard for corona virus  …
I keep getting emails from very serious emails from very  about how they're making changes to adjust to corona virus but they seem to not understand IM FUCKING INVINCIBLE NIGGA
Look at how the world went into panic over such an insignificant virus. This is why the government won’t tell us about aliens because y’all won’t know how to act! They prolly not even that bad 
in case anyone you know is still confused, the best way they can help is by reducing their social activity as much as possible for the next month to slow down the spread of the virus, relieving pressure on the health care system. do what you can to help:  …
first yummy by justin bieber then corona virus and now this? this is where i draw the line with 2020 
the virus can’t stand this heat 
USA leading place of origin for COVID 19 virus in Australia. Why haven’t we banned travel from the USA yet? #auspol 
Now Joe...Most critical part of plan is banning all travel from Level 3 countries. So I have a question for ya...Why did countries decimated by virus in Asia & Europe, who didn’t prevent spread end up imposing mandatory Quarantine & lockdowns. Isn’t that an internal wall??  …
BREAKING NEWS The Cornyn VIRUS WILL BE ERADICATED on Nov 3rd, 2020 The Future is Bright WE’RE COMING JOHNNY! #TheGigsUp #yourefired2020 - 
Not excited for the post corona wave of virus art
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
More than 20,000 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Italy with more than 1,400 lives claimed by the virus.  …
Since I can’t bet on Sports due to the Corona Virus shutting down the games, I guess this is the next best thing 
#Rottenboyz going to survive the virus either way cuz we hard to kill
Unlike the Coronavirus... there is a vaccine for humanity’s most deadly virus that has a 100 percent fatality rate called Sin. The vaccine is named Jesus Christ!!! If you don’t have this vaccine. Receive it today! It has eternal consequences! #JesusIsLord #JesusSaves
This is an entirely useless interview. The government has no coordinated plan for a virus we've known about for months. #auspol #insiders
Italy does it best!! #Italian Airforce in #COVIDー19 lockdown gifting #Pavarotti Nessun Dorma (Let No one sleep) “Venceremos” (we will  overpowering a single plane (virus) with the colors of the flag #Opera #Music  …
Can't Africa close it's damn boarders, every corona virus reported in this continent is through non Africans.
Corona Virus ain’t nothing, my ex was more Toxic.
If you say “I’m young & healthy, so I’m not going to change my behavior because of this virus”: Even if we are at low risk of DYING from it, we have a responsibility to do EVERYTHING we can not to be vectors who spread it to those who ARE vulnerable. Don’t be like Kyle Thomas  …
It is what it is Trump calls for unity.The media calls on him to resign. “How sick is that” Seems to Be one of @JesseBWatters signature phrases .Very accurate for this Clip.The media refusing to call this virus what it is shows  insanity on the left. #SWINEFLU 
i just saw a thing that said the coronavirus is solving the school shootings problem... i- a fucking virus is doing more for student’s safety than the government is...
Boys, relax. This is just temporary. Everything. The virus. Stocks. Bitcoin. We will go through this. And one thing is for sure now:  fucked it up, their days are numbered. They can't stay as the front market.
For my mum to be quarantined alone for 4 months would do more harm to her than this virus ever could. The over 70's to be the scapegoats of a Gov desperate to hide the  of the NHS decimated through austerity. Other ways of dealing with this. Not acceptable.
7) Yes I'm concerned about the virus & its impact on humanity. But the economic impact of this period in history is still being widely ignored. Buy all the TP you want, yet if you're not spending time putting together a plan for financial preparedness, you're gonna get swallowed.
This virus is NOT just afflicting the elderly. I’ve read about children having it.
I didn’t survive all those nights blacking out in random fields due to Four Loko’s, Burnett’s vodka, and some Mad Dog 20/20 to be taken out by a virus named after a light beer.
Me having fun with my friends cause the virus ain't stopping shit  …
"Normal" means "spending the virus money on bombs".  …
Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It. THIS IS COMMUNISM  …
#COVID19LongBeach UPDATE: Today, the @LBHealthDept is reporting a new case of #COVID19 in an adult woman who did not have known exposure to an individual with the virus or travel to an area  transmission. 
Just think it for a second,the whole world are sitting home due to a virus and they scare of even their nearest person. You should believe that we are going into terrible days so just take it serious,we must tell god to let us know their plans, give us patience and keep us safely
Hi: Please don't feel bad about staying home *if you can afford it*. It's the best thing you can do right now. The fewer bodies out there for the virus to use to hop on to others, the better. This is the one time where binging on Netflix will most definitely save lives.
Luka Garza's historic season deserved the bright lights and the seniors deserved a proper sendoff. This Iowa team should be remembered as one of toughness, grit and heart. The COVID-19 Virus taught us an important lesson: Cherish every dribble. 
“We’re about to experience the worst public health disaster since polio” - In the U.S., "there are probably 25 to 50 people who have the virus for every one person who is confirmed"  … via @guardian #COVID19 #coronavirus #globalhealth
People not agreeing with “social distancing”, in order to contain the spread of this virus because “I’m young and will be fine” is sad. This all shows a true lack of empathy for our society and anyone other than yourself.
Which Democrats have been Tested for the Wuhan Virus I haven't heard of any yet
Just a wild idea...maybe we humans could have one less fatal virus if we just, I don’t know, stopped exploiting animals?
Canada must shut our borders now. The UK is trying a ‘herd immunity’ strategy, letting it spread rather than impose strong social distancing. That means continuing to allow flights from the UK and anywhere else could continue spreading the virus in Canada. SHUT THE BORDERS!
This song so good it would kill the virus
Listen to Mr. Ferraresi, who is living a week into a hellish future in Italy. “We thought a few local lockdowns, canceling public gatherings, & warmly encouraging working from home would be enough stop the spread of the virus,” he wrote. “We now know that wasn’t nearly enough.”
Well it’s official I know a person that has tested positive for the virus I’m definitely getting it
Reading about Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), a sister to COVID-19. Now, why is it okay to name this after its source and not identify this new virus' origin: Wuhan, China? Seems like Republicans are right and Chinas propaganda machine is working well.
-Lockdown travel and transportation -Stop the flow of illegal product -Minimise public danger -Troops able to move freely, swiftly -Enemy casualties = Virus deaths -Bunkers raided -Elite rounded up -Miltary Tribunals -Death penalty for many -Humanity freed -Love returns 
I live in a town that is 95% Trumpsters. They all believe the virus is a hoax but there isn't a single roll of TP anywhere. If it's such a hoax, why are they hoarding?
In truth, in the United States this is the FOX Virus. People will literally die because of the lies @FoxNews has spread for weeks, and because of the President’s fear of its disapproval. The damage they cause has never been more apparent and actually deadly.
This tweet has 548K likes. People don’t understand the massive human toll that this translates into if a a substantial portion of the population catches the virus. Also many more who don’t die will need to be hospitalized.  …
“Continuing the weekend tradition of packing the bars is selfish & reckless during this pandemic. It will speed up the spread of the virus, increasing the suffering for older & more vulnerable people & for the medical workers who will be caring for them.”  …
We need to organize to make sure our democracy is not also a victim to this virus.  …
If people are already hoarding and stealing, I’m almost afraid to see what happens as this virus spreads more and gets worse
Meanwhile in Serbia,  for the standardization of language debates whether the correct spelling of the virus in Serbian is: virus korona koronavirus or korona virus.
Red states will use the virus to stop Biden from winning
"The virus doesn't last for probably a few hours" CMO Brendan Murphy 'Probably'??? I'm looking for something a little more definitive from our Chief Medical Officer - 'Probably' really? I'm starting to think the source of confusion is Brendan Murphy #auspol #Insiders
CMO just said virus “doesn’t last more than a few hours” but a wide range of other material suggests it can survive 72 hours. No wonder people are confused and think the government is politicising #coronavirus. #insiders
I made this video a few hours ago when I was waiting for my COVID 19 test results  back. Good news is I'm negative. Bad news is that Ghana is so not ready to handle this virus 
Apparently all of Wrigleyville missed the "global pandemic" memo. Imagine spreading a deadly virus to your at-risk family members because you couldn't resist being surrounded by a hundred people while puking in your green top hat rather than doing it at home like the rest of us.
“Hard hit by the virus.” Death toll- 1 The woman was "long suffering with emphysema," Fuck the MSM.  …
I’m safe from the virus; I have Norton installed! 
Thanks @realDonaldTrump for giving  yesterday with great ideas like @Walmart “donating”parking space to do test that are actually is not available and a fantasy + a web page build by @Google to coordinate the answer to the virus that actually doesn’t exist? God save us!
"i hope they don't postpone minions: the rise of gru because of the virus" - may
how do i keep  safe from this virus
Would it be ironic for virus trump claimed is hoax to kill him?
I'm here, if anyone wonders! I'm just REALLY busy trying to get some work done! Between Trump and the Virus, I'm discovering being an Introvert really pays off! I DO have to go to the Library tomorrow, because it turns out all my Mail-in Ballots disappeared! 
TELL ME THE STORY OF HOW I WAS RESCUED AGAIN! Rescued as a tiny pup from the roadside by Milena, Anya developed A KILLER VIRUS and ALMOST DIDN'T MAKE IT, but thanks to the loving care of Milena, she pulled through and here she is today in her #UK #FUREVERHOME 
All of y’all saying “the corona virus doesn’t scare me” need to be educated. Focusing our attention on it & shutting down schools, etc. is to PREVENT a mass pandemic. It’s easily spread. It might not affect you very much, but to vulnerable populations it’s scary
Google Funded Tech Chief Resigns After Wishing For Trump To Die From Coronavirus Said it would be “poetic justice” for virus to kill President Trump.  …
We’re not panicking because of the virus. We’re panicking because our elected leaders are insensitive morons. And why aren’t you working while the nation is in crisis?  …
Corona Virus is not an excuse to spread hate. #Coronavirus #Corona #COVID 
Tweet from @jbillinson - that folks are applying post-9/11 logic about not letting terrorists win to an aggressive virus - rang true  …
Anatomy of a virus via @TheEconomist ⁦ @WHO⁩ ⁦ @doctorsoumya⁩ ⁦ @UNAIDS⁩ ⁦ @ShannonHader⁩ ⁦ @Winnie_Byanyima⁩ ⁦ @TAvafia⁩ ⁦ @mariangelasimao⁩ ⁦  …
Toxic dick is more toxic than the virus tbh  …
Please be considerate of people most susceptible to the virus  …
Using the language of war to frame our response to Coronavirus has consequences. Deaths  ‘sacrifices’. Failures  seen as just the ‘fog of war’. Responsibility will be handed over to the virus, not the government. It’s a framing that reduces responsibility.
“Until last week, the Italian public health care system had the capacity to care for everyone. Our country has universal health care... But in a matter of days, the system was being felled by a virus that I, and many other Italians, had failed to take seriously.” 
Here's my thing: Its not a bad day here in Seattle! A little cool, patchy clouds. Maybe, given the potential for spreading the virus, instead of going to the gym, you can go running! Or biking, we have lots of great trails. These small change aren't "panic".
The #COVIDー19 virus already has many Americans out of work and more will soon be without the funds the need to survive. We’ve partnered with Carrboro Mutual Aid and have officially launched our Covid-19 Mutual Aid Fund. Any donation is much appreciated.  …
Diabetes is rampant in the US. Young and old with diabetes don’t need friends bringing ##COVID19 The virus isn’t
The club is full of coughers and the virus full blown  …
Coronavirus is a virus Hand sanitizer is antibacterial. Why are we fooling ourselves
personagens que nunca pegariam corona virus® Sheldon Cooper - The Big Bang Theory 
I hope India is spared the havoc of coronavirus. But attempting to debunk Jim O’Neill on nationalistic grounds is a sign of hubris. O’Neill is wrong when he praises China for its draconian measures and disregards China for its secrecy which allowed the virus to flourish 1/n  …
Surest defense against a virus: assault weapons, ego, and synthetic testosterone.  …
When the Coronavirus finds out that people are calling it the Wuhan Virus: 
human white blood cells attacking a virus 
So what a (hu)man gotta do? What a (hu)man gotta do? To not get covid-19? What a (hu)man gotta say? What a (hu)man gotta pray? To make sure corona virus stays away? 
I read that the CDC estimates that as many as 56,000 people die of the flu every year. How many people do you think have the flu in the United States right now? This virus is very serious, but people should be a little less hysterical. Really.  …
I have been to highly CoronaVirus areas today....to the top hotels in town....sanitizer is placed everywhere and that's a good sign in our fight against the virus In God we trust 
What would happen if the #coronavirus would be visible, for instance, that each carrier of the virus would turn green, pink, or purple. The streets would briefly be jolly colorful, and then be deserted. The virus would soon feel as quarantined as we should be. RT 
I know it’s futile to try to explain this to Americans, but once, maybe just once, we can look at what works in other countries and do the same rather than GO MERICA and attack a virus with xenophobia, toilet paper, and firearms  …
People, if you can't get soap, I said it before, washing up liquid will also work, C-19 has a lipid cover, the outer layer is fat, so a detergent will work, so grab 1 or 2 bottles, do NOT empty the shelves or else you help the virus to spread more if people don't have access
Don you can’t shoot the virus sorry
What are your 'friends' going to do with more guns? Shoot a virus? 
Fam, if you haz the asthma, like your buddy BeefLoaf, please to be staying inside, away from crowds. Us getting this virus is risky af, so don't take no chances. Stay safe.
TO ALL THE PEOPLE WHO THINK GOING TO HAWAI’I FOR SPRING BREAK SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD IDEA, please don’t go. Our islands are small, meaning the virus could spread faster than it does in any other state. Stay off our island, we don’t need problems
corona virus: hehe i’m the bitch, everyone’s scared of me— perrie and alex: *having the time of their lives during lockdown* 
Yamiche Alcindor asked Trump about his responsibility in delayed response to virus. “That’s a nasty question” was response. What is it about black females that weakens our tough guy? Is it misogyny and racism all rolled up in one?
PSA - not everyone that coughs or sneezes is carrying your big scary virus. Some of us have seasonal allergies Or Someone is just wearing too much dang Cologne /Perfume We don’t appreciate your death glares
Lastly, though you might feel lonely, know that you are NOT alone. Especially with this. The entire world is with you. Be kind and allow yourself to receive kindness from others. We are lucky to have many ways to spread kindness that don’t also require spreading a virus
Just in case what? You were sure the virus was a hoax. The GOP and your father’s  administration didn’t take this seriously enough, still isn’t taking it seriously enough. Thousands will die and you want to start a doomsday “I’ve got my gun “ thread?
rappers making songs about corona virus think they are marketing geniuses
All   about taking a hit because of Corona virus, have been paying out lavish dividends to their shareholders for years. Now is the time for those shareholders to pay money back into the industry that has served them so well!
Don’t make decisions based on the risk of getting #COVID19, but based on the assumption that you already have it. Is an activity worth exposing others to the virus you may have? I'm willing to risk myself but am super averse to the risk of infecting others. #SocialDistancing
The COVID virus lives for 4 hours max on copper vs. 3 days on steel and plastic and 24 hours on cardboard, so  to this. 
Chuck Norris tested positive for Coronavirus. The virus was quarantined for 14 days.
Decided to order take out (staying away from people) .. went to pickup food at local restaurant.. not a seat available in the place and a line out of the door. I have little confidence this virus spreading will stop anytime soon. 
Covid-19 PDP -16 They are both virus...
Dying of a virus is not an honorable death. Do you want to go to Sto'vo'kor? 
"Upper Respiratory Virus" is what the paperwork says.
Do you think federal govt should start managing expectations with #MAGA crowd for very real possibility that beloved and generous president Trump will likely succumb to virus and expire?
He never said the virus was a HOAX -- he said the media coverage was a hoax which it was and IS! Declaring a "national emergency" is not a medical determination -- it's a way to release funding w/o having to fight with Democrats like you!  …
Anyone who says they didn't secretly fancy seeing a virus outbreak is a liar. One of those things that you think would be fairly exciting, but now it's here you're like "Aaaah fuck."
Here’s my message on today’s #COVIDー19 news. Let’s all remember to stick together and be kind as we work together to minimize the impacts of the virus. 
France, Spain and Israel take more drastic actions to slow virus outbreak  …
i'm out and about in new york doing some light coverage and see so many people just casually rolling into bars and restaurants. like date night level stuff. if we're to assume that many of us are currently asymptomatic carriers, we're def screwed in terms of spreading the virus.
I produced a video explaining why people don't need to panic over the Corona Virus and YouTube demonized it and restricted it's distribution. Of course. Because @YouTube is run by morons. 
corona virus can’t kill me ‘cause I already died when this scene happened 
Today we went to lunch at #McAlisters and the place was a ghost town. The folks working the register were so happy to see us, and the two other families who were there eating. This panic is hurting people more than the virus. Let’s hope our country finds some sanity, soon.
hey since every independent performer who is not a festival headliner is gonna go broke over the virus shutdown, it would be a great time for the music scene to  more aware of socio-economic issues musicians dont have safety nets, but society loves music
What if I die of corona virus and I never get to meet my crush @Jared_Carrabis
In due time we will discuss Lessons Learned from the #coronavirus. Already now we should realize how vulnerable and interdependent nations are. Most countries have neglected civil defense and disaster preparedness. The virus teaches us that security in the end is human security
Somebody let me know when this Cardi B Corona Virus song hit Spotify lol 
Stacy: OMG Jennifer, remember when we went out for yer bachelorette party during that corona beer virus thing and all our grandparents like, literally, died. Soooo cray cray. Narrator: And that day a millennial finally learned how to use the word “literally” correctly.
Someone put the corona virus on the Madden cover and maybe it’ll get the madden curse.
Corona virus linking up with malaria and cholera in Sudan 
Tutorial on how to stay safe off the Corona Virus by A.C.E Step 1: Throughly wash your hands Step 2: Sanitize Step 3: Dab while you sneeze (This whole procedure works better if you stan A.C.E. So be safe from the Corona Virus and stan A.C.E) 
This is the second #coronavirus death in Lee County, fourth virus-related death total in Florida.  …
Democrats see coronavirus as just another crisis to exploit -  - @washtimes Fact is, if Democrats cared so much about the spread of the virus, they’d be on board with shutting borders, and shutting borders but quick.
Hundreds of foreign passengers, including dozens of Americans, & Egyptians were potentially exposed to the virus between mid-Feb & early March -a dramatic illustration of how, from a single, overlooked infection, the novel coronavirus could multiply & be carried across the globe
Despite all the cancellations and remote work, the US still isn’t doing enough. Based on everything we’re seeing in Italy, we should go to full lockdown immediately. When the testing capacity arrives, if the virus is less widespread than feared, we can dial back.  …
This is a very rough time to be President of the United States! With the democrats sabotage, the Iranian threat, and now the virus etc..! But @realDonaldTrump is showing his strength and reaffirming why we support him! We are so blessed to know he is at the helm for everyone!
Iranians are being killed by two diseases at the same time: #COVIDー19 and US sanctions choking the healthcare system. Millions of innocent lives are on the line. A virus won’t wait for us to speak out! #EndIranEmbargo #EndIranSanctions NOW!
So the nation's #coronavirus action is being led by the cabinet who have been exposed to somebody with the virus and are refusing to self isolate. All of these people are reckless themselves but expect everyone else to be meticulous. One rule for them another for us. #insiders
The Department of Health and Human Services told nursing homes to significantly limit visitors and  activities to stop the spread of the virus 
Maybe we should listen to the scientists? Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
This is the final straw - Laura Kuenssberg blatantly selling the govt's 'let the virus spread' policy rather than doing the job of a political correspondent - which is to point out that the govt, in planning to let people die, is flying in the face of world scientific opinion  …
They're gunna shoot that dern virus!  …
A wee respite from virus news, but not exactly good news. Got the @NASAGISS global temperature data for Feb and the 12 month period Mar 19-Feb 20 is the warmest on record. Only 2 months in, but 2020 is running at 1.4C above 19th century/pre-industrial. 
The objective is to stop the spread of a virus for which there is no vaccine or immunity. A virus that will ravage our people and cost lives. Smart  counts for nothing .
bigger picture... so far the virus seems contained 
matthew, I follow the science herd. I follow the medical herd. Have yet to hear a single case of a virus checking someone’s party affiliation before infecting that person. Let me know if you hear of one.
In the midst of the Corona virus panic, I think it's super important to find some local penis.
i went to 2 different stores to buy almondmilk and literally there is no milk. of any kind. i just wanna eat some cereal. y’all do realize u can buy all the milk in the world and still get sick right? in fact i hope u picked up the virus while u were out buying all the damn milk
While I'm not defending  this  misinformation. Remdesevir is not a vaccine, it's an antiviral. Antivirals only work once you have a virus. The maker filed for patent in China in 2016, and was denied.  …
Miami Airport Immigration asked me “any symptoms?” I said “no”. Then they let me into the USA. This is not how you contain a virus.
Just a reminder: if you followed me the last few months, you were ahead of the curve on Wuhan virus. The great guys at @WarRoom2020 also warned people before most media outlets took it seriously. Congrats to @RaheemKassam & @JasonMillerinDC & Steve Bannon! Watch their show.
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out... can I?
People feel really confident being condescending assholes about a totally novel virus which we barely understand if you dare mention possible worst case scenarios that make them feel bad
This corona virus has people being forced to stay home. Some are realizing they forgot how to bond with their kids embrace this time with your loved ones before things go back to “normal”
Until this corona virus is gone, please don’t touch me. You know what, don’t even breathe next to me
I don't want to sound uncaring but I cannot believe all the things going on in this country over 50 deaths. If Obama was President we wouldn't even know about this China virus...
An obese 73-year-old with heart disease who has had known contact with at least three people carrying the virus is running around shaking hands and spreading germs among the highest levels of government in the midst of a National Emergency  …
Chinese government STOP Yukon Festival! Where between 10,000 and 40,000 Dogs are killed and eaten over 10 days. STOP THE DISGUSTING CRUELTY AND SAVE US ALL FROM YET ANOTHER CHINESE ANIMAL SOURCED VIRUS!!! <<<<Sign the Petition>>>>  via @UKChange
Got the virus & driving to DC 
Seems most African countries reporting cases of corona viruses were all from Italian citizens who flew into their countries. Italy steadily distributingt this virus fairly. I guess u could call it the ITALIAN JOB.
so did y’alls schools get closed for the corona virus? mine is closed for a whole month lmaoo
We should help them. The virus doesn’t have borders and the people of Iran are kind good people.
CORONA VIRUS PRANK COMING SOON! 
“Temperature could significantly change COVID-19 transmission,” the authors note in the study. They also pointed out that the “virus is highly sensitive to high temperature.” 
See Democrat. See Democrat root for virus. Root, Democrat, root!  …
Be strong enough to handle what life throws at you! Virus has the world upside down but it’ll right itself in time if we’re strong and remain calm. We can’t have growth without some  at times. Weather the storms and bend but not break like a mighty hickory. Be worthy 
I’m more scared of how people are acting than of the virus itself  …
The floor is corona virus.. SHATTA WALE 
There is a study of influenza viral infection in mice, in which they were given either a selective COX-1 or COX-2 inhibitor. COX-1 inhibition significantly increased mortality. Different virus, different organism, but I thought I'd mention it. 
The UK have: —  testing — Provided insufficient sickpay — Introduced authoritarian powers — Forced schools to remain open —  those affected only take 7 days off work — Expressed a desire for 60% of the population to get the virus Get out if you can.
See!! It’s not just me. I am telling you... Fox’s intentional lies about COVID-19 are actionable torts the minute someone dies from the virus because they believed those lies and chose to engage in behavior that caused them to be exposed to the virus.  …
My family & I took a little trip to the famous Chinese Theater in Hollywood to see Bloodshot in IMAX Laser. I knew that it would be largely empty with the virus. My pal Pat Jankiewicz phoned ahead & Manager Levi Tinker treated us like royalty. Private Showing. @dinesh_s
Can't wait for the moment we found a vaccine for the Corona virus. People are gonne be see happy. Praying that  as soon as possible. I want this to end and everything goes back to normal. I will defenitely appriciate it more
Remember that the same media who've spread the Russia collision hoax also serve as agents of Chinese propaganda. Several MSNBC anchors claimed that calling it a Chinese virus was racist at the same time as the Chinese government claimed that the virus was created by US military.
I’d hate to know that Guyana has an outbreak of the Coronavirus due to the insolence and ignorance of one family who outright denied and withheld certain information. Even more disappointing that sections of society tried politicizing the confirmation of this virus by Government.
The Democratic party is turning into the "Pro Virus" party more and more by the day.
OHH SHlllTTT!!! \ ...A VIRUS \ \ | / \ \ / / \ \
Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives' . I’m no virologist - but I understand enough to be very concerned about this approach . Please read and RT  …
Carl Goldman, [who contracted the virus on Japanese cruise ship 'Diamond Princess'] in an essay for The Washington Post, said that the disease is not “that bad” and that under different circumstances, he “would have gone to work as usual" 
If you own 5+ copies of soleslayer you’re immune to the corona virus
Meanwhile in the uk- business as usual. The corona virus doesn’t know our location- why are we still being told to send our kids to school etc? Who do we trust- our government or our instinct?
I can't believe the first person that warn me about Corona Virus was @Crypto_Bitlord. Fucking OG.
The premise of this story is the terrible risk posed to Trump by the many people who were at Perv-A-Lago who now test positive for the virus and/or are in isolation. This is backwards. Trump is the vector.  …
There's a voice note going around on whatsapp. A voice making an announcement about the government planning to spray Anti-virus across the country using Helicopters between 11.30 tonight to 5am in the morning. You don't need to be told it's the usual FAKENEWS.
The Hill has gone over the Hill with TDS insanity. This pandemic is unprecedented for a virus that’s been around since the 1990s and mutated from Coronavirus to the Wuhan virus. Nothing is set in stone! Coronavirus exposes Trump's greatest weaknesses  …
that toilet paper isle is empty but the vitamin and hygiene isles are fully stocked .. the exact reason this virus is spreading so quickly .. this planet is full of dumb asses
If you’re having a tough day and all this virus nonsense is giving you the blues... Maddie wants to cheer you up!! 
Leftist Michigan Governor Flirts with Invoking Martial using Virus as Excuse to Power Grab  …
Tonight, 7:30pm in the spirit of FDR, Bernie Sanders is doing a fireside chat on how we can face the corona virus together 
“The group, specialising in a range of disciplines, ranging from mathematics to genetics, though no leading experts in the science of the spread of diseases......” Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
A major virus outbreak is happening rn and look at Raheem making a laugh and joke out of life, shocking role model.  …
With the virus hysteria being pushed by the MSM, the Ukraine story has been covered up. Let's not also forget about the HUGE payoff that Hunter received from China! 
Trump on US response to the virus crisis: "No nation is more prepared or more resilient than the United States." Currently the US's response is worse than every other modernized nation. Trump actively worked to stunt our preparedness. Americans have no "exceptional" genes.
@SlaughterAM, the numbers out of Korea and Italy are terrifying. SK screens everyone, and is catching huge numbers of young people who are spreading the virus w/ no symptoms. Italy only screens those w/ symptoms. The numbers are almost flipped. STAY HOME!!! 
THIS is how we wash our hands and beat Corona Virus Pls share for health purposes 
“... the few, messy weeks in which we thought a few local lockdowns, canceling public gatherings, and warmly encouraging working from home would be enough stop the spread of the virus. We now know that wasn’t nearly enough.”  …
let’s stop talking about this corona virus girl and talk about me ??? 
How do you respond to the voice of a TERRORIST Islamic Republic that imprisons peaceful protestors, allows #COVID19 in #Iran via chinese, denied said virus, shoots down planes, tortures, rapes..and then cries "Its ALL Americas fault"? F'ing idiot! #zarifisaliar  …
A lil virus won’t stop us! 
These  a list of supplements against Wuhan miasma. There's a lot of overlap, but one new suggestion is quercetin, which according to  model might slow virus binding  … 
This is why it is IRRESPONSIBLE for Trump to say “most people get better” There is also so much we still do not know about this virus, which only long term scientific observation of data can sort. For eg, are there lasting effects to younger persons’ reproductive systems?  …
If Hollywood was serious about the dangers of this virus, they would demand that all movie theaters that show their movies close immediately until further notice. They probably won't. Because they aren't really worried about it either.
BUT THIS IS UNDER @BorisJohnson BREXIT BRITAIN. Will be even worse under a no deal. This virus has further demonstrated the shear stupidity of brexit..the demand to reverse it will now  louder and louder. Our economy cant stand this double hit Virus/Brexit.
...and just to think, while Mnuchin was cutting $$going to PEOPLE affected by the corona-virus, the Fed indirectly bought $1.5 TRILLION ($1,500 BILLION) in stocks to pump up stock market before trump's speech  …
No virus out here. 
Problem solved! Pray the virus away! WHY DID NO ONE THINK OF THIS YET!?! We’re fine. Totally fine.  …
Happy #PiDay and "try not to get the Corona Virus" Day (err, month?)! Hope y'all keep on keepin' on (Enjoy this as if I totally never posted it before) #LooneyTunesCartoons #DaffyDuck 
I'm thinking there's going to be very low incidence of infection of Coronavirus in Washington, DC. Think about it. Even if you were the nastiest, filthiest, virus, would you want to attach yourself to those swamp creatures? Politicians in DC may be the safest people on earth. 
COMING UP: @KathyParkNBC reports on coronavirus testing across the country. She's in New Rochelle, NY - an area hard-hit by the virus. The city now has its own mobile testing site. Join us tonight on @NBCNightlyNews for 
For undocumented people in NJ Corona Virus is paving the way for even deeper fascist policy. This was a message in the Anakbayan chat today from a kasama who is an immigration lawyer. (EDC is Elizabeth Detention Center) 
This story would normally be huge  right after another rocket attack that killed 2 US soldiers) Wonder if this happening during the virus outbreak has prevented greater retaliation by US  …
It's the fear of Coronavirus That is our threat. Not the virus itself ... Which will soon be revealed to be a Dud.
Wait I thought the virus was a hoax
Elmo isn't scared of the Coronavirus. Elmo's theory is that if you do enough cocaine, it'll kill the virus. 
It also counts the people who died from the virus without being tested, or died from other causes due to overloaded hospitals. So it’s in a way more illustrative than a chart of specifically confirmed COVID-19 deaths
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, your local first responders in Baltimore City will now be wearing personal protective equipment on certain calls to help prevent the spread of the virus. #BaltimoreFirefighters #Local734 #IAFF #PrideProtectingPeople @Local964Prez 
Young kids haven't developed the receptors within the lung tissue which the virus connects to. That's why they don't get the pneumonia and ARDS.
Breaking: A Virginia man in his 70s who had the coronavirus has died, health officials say. He is the first person in the state to die from the virus 
Tested positive for culona virus
When I hear that young kids are more resistant to the virus 
This is the day the LORD has made, let’s rejoice and be glad in it! Psalm 118:24 Live pic today with my lovies No virus zone Getting our vitamin sea! 
Here's the flight information for people who have been confirmed to have #COVID19 in Alberta. If you were on these flights, in these seats, you may have been exposed to the virus. (Flights include arrivals from Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam) #ableg #yyc  …
If you’ve ever partied at the riddle house you’re immune to the corona virus
Shairi in the time of Covid virus! Who would have thought that this couplet from Basheer Badr’s treasure house would perfectly fit the current situation: "Koi Haath Bhi Na Milayega Jo Gale Miloge Tapaak Se , Ye Naye Mizaaj Ka Shehr Hai Zara Faasle Se Mila Karo "
China tries to blame the US for Corona virus that THEY created! Just like the Democrats- blame your opponent for what you yourself have done! 
Dear young people who think bc yr strong & healthy u can contract #CoronaVirus but not get any symptoms...so u can go out & party: yes, that may be true. But if ur carrying the virus, & u go near ur mom, grandad or great Aunt Mimi, u might just kill them if they catch it from u
Simon takes credit for the polices Jacinda has put in place  the spread of the Corona virus.... Has it EVER happened before that a Woman has done all the work and a Male  along and tried to take the credit for it? #Rhetorical #nzpol #NationalNotFitToGovern
"If low-risk people don’t socially distance, then the entire containment process is not effective [...] it’s more likely that a low-risk individual will expose a high-risk individual to the virus." Please, Don’t Go Out to the Bars Tonight 
you are not liz and phil tasked with digging up an unmarked grave so you can extract a virus sample from a corpse. if you have the ability to stay home at the moment, just do it. 
Just checking to see if you’re good. This coronavirus stuff is getting pretty serious, it reminds me of all the times I didn’t take you serious when I should’ve. I wanna take you out before the virus does. Anyways, I’m here if you need me. Say hi to moms. 
If you are a mom and need help buying things for the corona virus outbreak please DM me your cash app, I will be sending $100 gift cards to 3 women
81. A massive response from Spaniards on their balconies across the country, applauding in support of their healthcare workers against Coronavirus, after three weeks of political chaos and  the nation faced with the exponential growth curve of the virus.
The way the corona virus pandemic is making me feel is TERRIBLE. It’s like I have this constant anxiety hanging over me and no matter how much I’m telling myself to wise up and not worry about it I actually cannot stop thinking the worst it’s terrifying just not knowing
Okay cool man. I guess you’re not interested in a  set in a depleted toilet paper aisle where an eclectic group wait for the latest shipment and perhaps the real virus....is racism. Nice okay, noted.  …
My life married to a biology teacher: "This is why people need to take high school biology - so they know the difference between a respiratory virus and a gastrointestinal one. They should be buying soap and kleenex. They are not going to shit themselves to death!" 
I think for everyone of those scared to death of the corona virus and buying truck loads of toilet paper should invest into buying a Mantaur the MAN BEAST mask! Or at least make one. That would be a better investment. For sure you can get sick wearing this thing around!!!! 
Kroger limiting how much toilet paper people can buy now. TP won't stop you from getting any virus. I think people are terrified of socialism. Trump is not a socialist. #Trump2020 Why is toilet paper vanishing from  …
I will pray tomorrow and every night thereafter for all who have this virus, and that all will be well.
Dear @NYCMayor and @NYGovCuomo. I write as a citizen of NY City whose children attend the public schools. I fully empathize the challenging situation that you both face in deciding whether to close NYC schools or not. Closures would be best move to slow the spread of the virus
Did you know: An Illinois mayor declared a ban on the sale of guns due to the China Virus Nancy Pelosi tried to sneak abortion funding into the virus response package Democrats are exploiting the sickness & deaths of Americans to push a political agenda Despicable.
Me: The medical consensus is that we should take measures to protect ourself and others from this new virus, including physical distancing. My mentions: OH YEAH, WELL WHAT ABOUT THE FLU?  …
Just thought I would share something with all of you... Yesterday I had a conversation over the phone with an elderly lady (85yrs old with heart problems) who was terrified  into hospital for her clinic appointment because of the risk of being exposed to Corona virus.
If you’ve swam in Dylan Kuhn’s pool you’re immune to the corona virus
By far the best breakdown of the UK (and US) govt. strategies on the Corona virus. It's basically the viral analogy to globalism "shh shh shh, let it happen, you can't stop it. There there".  …
literally why does it seem like every country is doing some productive shit to deal with the virus while america is literally doing nothing ??????
if the corona virus had a pussy ik some of you niggas would fuck it
Unfortunately due to the corona virus, the killing games have been suspended. We don't want anyone put in danger. 
if you have any extra money right now and aren’t out of work due to the virus please consider venmo-ing your friends who are out of work or in need. If you don’t have any friends like that, @jackallisonLOL and @thebonstergirl and I have started a  …
yes, I think John Brennan, Clapper, Hayden are all in it. probably Soros too. they had this Bio-Weapon virus since 2015.
I'm sorry, the fact that the  looking to block China distributing a virus vaccine for free is called 'Gilead' just seems a little too on the nose for me. It's like real life has run out of imagination.
Time to begin a conversation about how to hold China accountable for Coronavirus. They, not US taxpayers, should be footing most of the bill. By rejecting CDC from studying the virus & suppressing warnings about its threat they are largely responsible for the current crisis!
Many people will carry the covid-19 virus without any symptoms. But they are still infectious. Every interaction they have can put human life at risk. Imagine you are one of these people. This is the public health message that needs to be popularised. #COVIDー19
Delta seeing more cancellations than bookings, halts many flights & seeks federal aid. If virus hype continues, easy to see where this can lead. Corporations start layoffs, employees need govt help, U.S. & world embrace socialism & global financial system.  …
Live from Washington with Joe Biden: Hello Cleveland! Hey about this cotton virus. Just wash your hands ok. Just wash your hands. Now on to more important things. Let's take a question. Yes sir you right there. Are you going to raise taxes? Why you dirty #&%@*&#. Next?
Honestly same, literally not freaking out about the virus itself but yesterday went to target and sams club and just seeing the chaos freaked me the hell out and I have a one year old daughter and I just want to make sure she had food, diapers and wipes so it’s scary as hell
⑪ If all medical resources go to coronavirus patients, other sick people suffer. Modern society faces numerous threats. If medical care is entirely focused on virus patients, other emergency cases like heart attacks could be ignored. (continue)
No, the virus was Made in USA, and spread by the US Deep State everywhere in the world - also in China. I have the documents.
Choke slam that virus right in the face
We're fighting Corona virus and you're telling me you didn't see your menses. Maame Serwa do you really care about this country ? #CONVID19
Important Government message! Credit to . @thejuicemedia Spread the message not the virus: 
Cats cannot get the virus We’ve said for centuries Cats will takeover the world 
President and Mr. Greenstein went for an elbow. Let’s practice responsible virus prevention with “Elbow Bumps” Also, frequently wash hands, avoid crowds, if you sick stay home, sneeze into a handkerchief or try other preventative measures. Stop buying all the toilet paper! 
What Virus ? Outside inna dem gal mouth side 
This isn't the first time people treated a new virus as if it was something familiar 
No one reacted to H1N1 this way. It was declared a pandemic 6 months before Obama did anything. The dramatic difference in which these two events have been handled make me believe this ALL about politics. The virus of course is real. The wild overreaction is not.
My heart too... This is why I'm a proud British Muslim Islamic values inspiring this Muslim couple in Scotland to prepare 'Corona virus packages' & distribute them for FREE of charge to older people We are in this together That's how we  cohesion  …
This is 100% a lie. The bill originally proposed had abortion funding in it. What does abortion have to do with corona virus relief funding? Absolutely nothing. Be more diligent, be honest. Don’t be a partisan psychopath. You’re intentional dishonesty is disheartening.  …
Jake I live here in Spain, and the reality has dawned..this virus is not political.. The President spoke calmly and honestly...this will be our life... We all support him, he's talks for all of us and is informed...I pity you over there with that madman..he will kill people
At the ER with my FIL and it is a ghost town here... no waiting, empty beds... it’s almost like this whole virus scare  crap.
OMG! 15,000 US DEATHS FROM #COVIDー19!! Oh wait, sorry, that's gun deaths per year. Only 29 virus deaths. #NationalDayOfPrayer by all means..though not enough deaths yet to make it #ThoughtsAndPrayers. #gunplague #TrumpPlague #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER #GunControlNow
Madrid tonight: Hundreds of people clapping from their windows to pay tribute to the Spanish doctors and nurses who are fighting against the Corona virus. Love to see how my hometown gets together for this fight! 
Shairi in the time of Covid virus. Who would have thought that this couplet from Basheer Badr’s treasure house would perfectly fits the current situation: "Koi Haath Bhi Na Milayega Jo Gale Miloge Tapaak Se , Ye Naye Mizaaj Ka Shehr Hai Zara Faasle Se Mila Karo "
Twenty somethings are MAJOR vectors for the virus. Current US protocols won't get them tested but S Korea data shows they are spreading the virus everywhere. It's time for the healthy young adults to stay home and stop spreading the virus. #COVID19 
Yes, I’ve been on a cruise ship for the past two weeks as COVID19 unfolds. Yes, I’ll be on one of the first ships at sea attempting to return to the US since the mandate refusing ships. No, theres been no mass hysteria and no known outbreak of the virus. Keep you posted
One more photo from a beautiful afternoon at the Jersey shore. Nice to get away from the madness of the news & still enjoy some fresh air while being responsible in light if the virus. You can leave your house and not be near a lot of people. Be safe all. 
. FAKE NEWS - - NYT USED 'WUHAN VIRUS' - NOW ACCUSES CONSERVATIVES of 'RACISM' NY Times, which Used 'Wuhan Virus' Early On - NOW Accuses Conservatives of "Racism" for Doing the Same .  …
Whilst Ghanaians are Crying Over Corona Virus, @shattawalegh is Chilling with It 
The government doesn’t know what to do with you. They have fumbled the response to the virus, so while it scrambles for approval ratings, you’ll have to rely  strangers for help and guidance opening you up to be taken advantage of. 9/?
Would be harmed. People tend not to care bc restrictions based on illness/disability are usually “someone else’s” problem,” those affected just need to “pull themselves up by their bootstraps” and  This virus doesn’t give a fuck about the American Dream mythos. 4/?
We found the best corona virus video made so far  …
It's not about you getting the virus it's about you not passing on the virus. Be sensible, be honest, be considerate. Good luck x
Oh bugger off. Why should Uk taxpayer bail out Billionaires? They can do that themselves. Tax payer needs to bail out the poor, the starving, the ill and the disabled that are most effected by this virus.  …
My @JohnsHopkins colleagues are at the forefront of battling the #Coronavirus. The heroes at @HopkinsMedicine have created their own tests for the virus & hope to test 1,000 people a day. This is how you fight a #Pandemic.  …
IMPORTANT THREAD Hi friends, To assist in limiting the spread of the COVID-19 virus, we are cancelling April’s ephemera. The safety of our readers and guests is our top priority. We continue to monitor public health and will re-evaluate the situation closer to May. (Cont.)
two bros chilling in a pool five feet apart cause they don’t wanna get corona virus  …
Rather catch Corona virus than catch feelings for someone again.
...and Aussies seem to think the virus affects your butthole So that’s why Americans are panic buying toilet paper. They’ve been listening to the Aussies! 
This has been said a lot but can't be said enough: people who are/feel healthy are the ones most likely to spread the virus bc they may not have noticeable symptoms even though they are still contagious. Please be thoughtful, please be kind.
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out, can I? 
UPDATE: No confirmed virus cases in Warren; state total climbs to 16  …
I believe that this thing is so contagious that eventually we'll all have it. The purpose of self quarantines and social isolation is so we don't  down with this virus at once. I'd like to delay my illness by a year or so. By then, there should be medicine. Serio.
“We thought a few local lockdowns, canceling public gatherings, and warmly encouraging working from home would be enough stop the spread of the virus,” he wrote. “We now know that wasn’t nearly enough.” 
Ah, do you remember the good old days - the endless summer that was BREXIT? The laughter, the carefree afternoons, the endless sunshine? How I miss those halcyon, virus-free, days. #coronavirusuk #coronapocalypse 
Alhamdulillah I got to travel to Marrakesh before this virus Should I post more? 
Trump & @GOP ignored the virus during impeachment,Trump also REJECTED test kits From  bcuz he didn’t want it to affect his re-election ..Cuz that’s what a normal caring honest leader of a country does,isn’t it @DevinNunes ? LIAR &  …
This corona virus situation is really showing people’s true colours man I feel like a lot of people are gonna have a lot less friends after u realise how selfish everyone is
#AplausoSanitario In Spain, citizens go out to the balconies and windows of their homes to thank health workers who are fighting the virus 
#WRC @RallyMexico will now finish on Saturday evening (14 March) in the face of fast-changing travel restrictions connected with the global COVID-19 virus outbreak.  …
A 68-year-old Italian man, who became the Cayman Islands’ first confirmed coronavirus patient and its first virus-related death Saturday, was on the same Italian cruise ship carrying Puerto Rico’s two first COVID-19 cases. 
. 2A MATTERS - - ILLINOIS MAYOR uses 'COROAVIRUS' to TARGET 2A RIGHTS Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It .  …
Leftist Michigan Governor Flirts with Invoking "Martial Law" using Virus as Excuse to Power Grab  … via @gatewaypundit
Dear Corona Virus Take These Mf Aries & Aquarius First
Lord, The Cabal set a trap for POTUS. They unleashed virus on the public hoping to incite fear, panic, and civil unrest. They wanted chaos. They wanted violence. They wanted everyone to blame POTUS. But you boomeranged it back on their heads. And now they run for cover. TY IJNA
The coronavirus virus is being transmitted through money so you niggas good y’all ain’t making none anyways .
Can’t get the virus cuz I’m already toxic
PSA: Sit ya ass at home so we can stop spreading the virus and NOT cancel @EDC_LasVegas - thanks!
We of course couldn’t stop the emergence of a previously unknown and deadly virus. But we could have mitigated the situation - we could have stayed home. UK please act NOW! A coronavirus cautionary tale from Italy: Don’t do what we did  … via @BostonGlobe
This should already be you in the gym especially if you’re still going: Sanitizer. Walks in bathroom. Cleans hands. Takes piss. Cleans hands again. And no, I’ve BEEN doing this. I don’t need a virus to remind me to be clean. I might be being extra with sanitizer but don’t care.
The City of Baytown has NO COVID-19/ Coronavirus cases as of now. Let’s do what we can to prevent the spread of this virus. #COVID-19 
Chuck Norris has tested positive for the corona virus. The virus has been quarantined for 21 days!!!
I'm rooting for the virus at this point. Humans are garbage.  …
I hope I get this fucking virus soon so I can then wander around parading my immunity like a colossal boner. How long until the first infection parties?
It amazes me that a virus that kills far fewer than  flu can be weaponized to control us. Our movements... what we buy... how we work and educate our children and more. Overnight freedom in America was snatched away. It was that easy! #coronavirus #freedom #America
Seeing my book in stores was... incredible. I’m sorry I didn’t get to meet all of you, I‘m sorry about the state of the world and the virus and I hope you’re all safe. Thank you for the love and support. 
Moe Factz 29 - "The Rona" -- Adam and Moe are two podcasters socially distanced from each other discussing the corona virus as only they can  
As someone who has not had a social life for a very long time, I steadfastly refuse to let this virus change how I live.
I was watching a show about a virus spreading throughout  & this couple was investigating some infected areas.. fast forward to the next scene.. shorty sitting at  touching her face while wearing the same gloves she was touching shit wit in the last scene 
I get the whole hand sanitizer selling out fast, but toilet papers?? What, did y’all not wipe before the virus lmaoo
Dear @TeamYouTube i talked about Youtubers getting & responding to Coronia Virus in the 1st 5 mins of my video today. Im uploading in 1.5 hours! PLEASE DO NOT DEMONETIZE ME! I should not be punished for saving lives! TY
I’m so disappointed in humanity rn. The fact that ppl are going into stores & buying excessive amounts of items bc they’re scared of this virus is so appalling. Everyone needs these items. Instead of being selfish & buying beyond what you need, consider other people’s needs, too.
Canada's hardest hit province limits virus testing as demand grows for swabs  
Why The Pelosi Wuhan Virus 'Deal' Is A Near-Total GOP Surrender  
Please dont go virus storm shopping and buy hurricane type food/supplies the power ain't going out b
ECG says sekov corona virus dem start dey quench light..so that the virus won't see who to infect. them take do my hood yayaaaya
From the time CORONA VIRUS invaded Europe, USA & Asia, most of the terrorist activities in Africa, melted down. Who noticed that?
conspiracy theorist thinking this is a biochemical weapon helping bring on the new world order bible thumpers thinking this is a sign of the apocalypse actual scientists: this is just another bad virus from animals cause humans can’t leave animals and wild life alone
Is Trump a carrier of the virus he spent weeks claiming was a “hoax?”  …
Instead, we could encourage what experts call "social distancing." If people are less mobile and interact with each other less, the virus has fewer opportunities to spread. Here's a simulation where only a quarter of the balls can move. 
The living Cor(o)nyn virus in the Senate needs to be expunged. I'm washing my hands and never voting GOP in Texas again.
took a whole virus to expose y’all’s racist, xenophobic, and classist thoughts. shows y’all’s true character. hope those around y’all don’t ever forget it once we get through this.  …
Funny how the Corona virus got here from China waaaay faster than anything I've ever ordered from the internet...
This ad is shithousely inadequate!Tells how not 2 spread the virus but NOT how to avoid getting it! We need specifics Eg When I bring a can of beans home should I disinfect it? Take away coffee? The cup it came in? #COVID19Aus #coronavirus ⁦ @abcnews⁩  …
Clarification: More likely that young Italians' cases are going undetected, and that asymptomatic young ppl **in the U.S.** who are out and about are now critical vectors for spreading the virus.
RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel may have caught the coronavirus at Mar-a-Lago. She is showing symptoms & awaiting test results Watch for Trump's newest Mar-a-lago ad : "We have the strongest virus. Only the best! Record numbers! Nobody has seen anything like it!" #coronavirus
If you see me coughing don’t trip I got the Cannabis virus not the #coronavirus
Yes indeedy!! They certainly did. They got so used to lying about Hillary or Obama, that they thought lying about a deadly virus was the same thing. But it ain’t. People who believe lies about a politician make bad voting choices. People who believe lies about a virus DIE!  …
#AplausoSanitario Spanish citizens collectively gathering on home balconies in honor of health workers fighting the virus directly. #madrid 
As the world experiences a lockdown amidst the corona virus, it should remind us all the innocent people who have been living in a lockdown in the beautiful valley of Kashmir for over 6 months now. We hope and pray for their well being, safety and prosperity! 
Coronavirus stays in your throat for four days before reaching the lungs, causing you to cough and sore throat. Drinking plenty of hot water, hot soup, and mouthwash with salt water can effectively kill the virus. Sharing! it might save someone. 
Italy's Air Force gives a morale boost to their nation with Pavarotti singing Nessun Dorma (let no one sleep) and where lyrics say venceremos (we will  the planes dramatically face and overpower the single plane (virus) with their National Flag 
I am anxious to get the Wuhan Virus over so we can have a Trump vs Biden debate. That is if he has not been sent to jail with his deadbeat son named, “Where is Hunter?” 
This will be a videocall #Eurogroup, given the wave of restrictive measures to contain the virus across the EU. This format will ensure symmetric representation and it will protect the collective decision-making process at this critical period. 4/4
The Plan was simple Harvard scientists made virus for China to spread & together w MSM who just received 1.2 from MiniMike & Steyer would destroy the US economy Gates would later supply the vaccine w the Biotech VIR he funded Oct ‘19 Make $& fill the DS coffers for future OPs  …
. #NationalDayOfPrayer LOL. Pence believes if you pray hard enough you can convert the #COVIDー19 virus to the regular flu. #TrumpPlague #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare #VoteBlue
i’m donating $10,000 to famlies in need that are out of jobs and or cant afford food due to the virus some parents relied on their children’s school for their meals because they can’t afford it. now that schools are closing, famlies are losing access to this just doing my part.
Alex doesn’t wanna chill tomorrow morning bcuz he thinks i have the corona virus. I hate it here
This virus has me talking to my parents like I’m them. “Stay your butt at home, I don’t want to see you out”!
Shouldn't you be working to reassure people that everything will be OK, instead of mocking those who have lost loved ones from this virus.
Corona virus is being passed thru money, most u niggas gon be just fine
When this virus is over, I better not see any of you MFs in the grocery stores since you wanted to save a whole years worth of food and paper supplies. So you better enjoy cup of noodles and canned corn for the next year you fucking bitches.
Investors prepare for more market swings as virus spreads in the U.S.  
Im ready for this virus shit to be over!! Shit fcking up my plans i got shit to do
Ok, so worldwide we have the naughty virus going around. Here are some handy hints and tips. Stay safe everyone. Anipals CANNOT spread it around but can spread other stuff, so hug your humans and both wash your paws after #StaySafe 
The number of cases announced today reinforces for us what we knew was already going to happen: this virus is spreading and it is here in CT. I urge all of my fellow residents to take preventative measures like limiting large gatherings and keeping a safe social distance.
Not to be rude but-stop visiting poor, rural vulnerable areas if  in from a heavily affected urban area. We aren’t the best equip to handle pandemic. You may asymptotic and transmitting the virus. Social distancing helps stop spread.
As a distraction from the virus I’m gonna share random crap from my photos, feel free to mute. Also feel free to join in. Maybe random stuff you’ve wanted to tweet but had no reason to or no context. What’s going on in your albums? I’ll start 
Researchers sprayed the coronavirus on materials to see how long it remains infectious. It liked stainless steel and plastic the best and copper the least. So far, however, there is no definitive proof the virus is actually spread via inanimate objects. 
The only way we are going to know if the fabled herd immunity strategy is working is if  test for virus and serology. Therefore we need hands, equipment, money and reagents. We have the first 2 of them in spades. Local of national. Whatever it all helps!  …
Boy it’s been a VERY INTENSE WEEK. Anyone fancy a pirate radio stream tonight? All new independent music, no virus talk. 9:30pm PDT 
Since Corona virus became a global threat, other virus are not really happy. Now you can have sex without a condom HIV has resigned
A deserted Madrid neighborhood resounding with cheering and applause for doctors who were delivering food to colleagues who are in isolation after contracting the virus while treating patients. 
I would like to be younger because of the virus thing.
so honestly screw you for making jokes like this. my language has 2 living native speakers who are both “boomers”. my language is going to be affected when they leave and if it’s at the hands of this virus and the failure of our government and system that’s TRAGIC.
Ok, so this is in PHILLY, my hometown. @USNationalGuard has arrived. If you STILL don’t think shit is happening, you are asleep at the wheel going 100+ MPH on a crash course with a damn tree!!! It’s REAL, it’s HERE!!! This is NOT a response to a virus, this is #TheStorm!!! 
As soon as they began caterwauling that Tom Cotton was a “conspiracy theorist” when  on the origins of the virus, I knew then and there he was over the target.
Being barricaded in our houses because the #coronavirus reminds us that our freedom is based on #bindings. It tells us that we are relative to others. The virus unites us all: this is the recognition of a #fraternity which we Italians express also in the choirs from the 
my fam said fuck da virus we havin a carne asada
Anonymous Bites Back: Corona Virus Special March 14 with Lorenzo Di Stasi  …
Given how many around @realDonaldTrump / his resort tested positive for the virus we only need to wait to get a real answer even if he tries to lie. It's not easy to hide it; not as simple as covering up other stuff. If he gets sick he can't con his way out: It's a virus.
It worked for me, but I don't know why because I don't subscribe. Everyone publishing on the virus should drop paywalls!
Saw this on FB. Chuck Norris has been exposed to coronavirus (COVID-19). The virus is now in quarantine for 14 days.
What do you expect after weeks of the administration downplaying the severity of this virus?
I’m not a Star Wars guy. Thinking about watching Rise of Skywalker for the first time tonight with @JoshuaB1720 Will it give me the virus? 
My in laws travelled from NZ to Delhi via Singapore. After two weeks of arrival they had a visit from govt health officials to check their health status. This was in the FIRST WEEK OF FEBRUARY!!!!!!! When the virus was still in China!  …
 … This is why the great @trish_regan is being put on "hiatus". It has nothing to do with Fox thinning staff for virus. It has everything to do with her speaking truth, exposing how the media is politicizing the virus to take Trump out, destroy the economy
Different Coronavirus. SARS was also a Coronavirus. It is a type of virus - this one is not SARS or MERS, it is known as #Covid_19 or SARS-Cov2
Practice social distancing everywhere EXCEPT from  (virus free zone!) 
This is going to be a key tactic from fossil fuel protectionists this year: 'viruses are a pressing threat, therefore climate change is a hoax'. All while people like Trump insist the virus is a hoax.  …
corona virus update: maxed out on vitamin c, zinc, and Brain Force Plus. Cutting off both my hands later to avoid touching my face.
In Pakistan extreme in precaution a must & yes we need to panic- look around at Iran, Italy, now Spain, China ofcourse . Death rate is climbing since virus spreading at a rapid speed. Pakistan needs LOCKDOWN-to prevent, to contain..See Iran’s mass graves 
« It’s not midnight yet, they enjoy the last hours » ffs, the virus is not waiting midnight to spread and the instructions given by the authorities still apply (1m distance, wash your hands, avoid crowd, ...)   …
Low key high key high key high key actually shook that the dangers of the corona virus are so bad right now that I can’t go back home to Boston Tuesday like planned because the risk of my mom getting sick is WAY too high...Oklahoma I’m stayinggggg for longer
The more I think about it, the more I believe Corona Virus would’ve been a sick drag name
People in #Spain and #Italy, united in this harsh moment of sorrow and uncertainty, applauding loudly from balconies and windows to send a message of trust and support to all those who are working hard to save lives, contain the virus and manage the health emergency  …
okay so y’all mfs will buy toilet paper knowing you don’t even use it but not buy ANTI-VIRAL TISSUES while we’re facing a VIRUS????? 
My surgery is on Tuesday. I haven't received any notice that it's been canceled because of the virus. I will call on Monday to make sure all is still a go. The hospital where I'm going is examining all visitors and patients before letting them in. I feel better. Sort of.
Conor McGregor Reveals His Aunt Died From The Coronavirus: 'This Stupid F*ing Virus'  …
Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives' Hundreds of scientists have written to the government urging them to introduce tougher measures to tackle the spread of #Covid-19 #ToryBritain #HoldThemToAccount - BBC  …
Excellent article on consequences of #Brexit for UK medicines incl.: “if ... a vaccine is developed against the 2019-nCoV virus, UK is likely to have to join queue for access w other countries, & to pay more than it otherwise would as an EU member state”  …
"Mr. President, your virus test came back and all of your bloodwork just says that you're one of the more dumbassed Gremlins from Joe Dante's hit 1984 film, Gremlins. It actually specifies and says you're the one who keeps asking for Milk Duds"
#Coronavirus sometimes spreads before symptoms occur. New study looks at "the serial interval of the virus," or time it takes for overt symptoms in 2 people: the person who infects another & the infected 2nd person. Average interval for #SARCoV19? ~4 days  
Social distancing is my superpower (I don' need to stinkin' virus). I pass the time by reading poems to my cats. Here's a video of my reading Charles Simić to Dollar Parton (on my lap, outside the frame!) If you can post a video of you reading your favorite poem, I will love you! 
I am asssing the situation as we are all. My call, following colleagues, copying their words: act not as if you’re avoiding the virus, but as if you already have it, and are trying your hardest not to infect others. - let’s show we are able to deal with this and then build utopia
Why do they need guns against a virus? The people are crazy. Maybe they want to protect the stock of toilet paper they bought  …
Dont let the corona virus distract you from the fact i dont give a fuck about your student debt
@GOP when are you launching your PR campaign to call this the "Mar-a-Lago Virus"?
There appears to be a huge gap in reported COVID cases among young people in Italy vs. Korea. (via @andreasshrugged) Are young Italians just healthier? Doubt it. More likely their cases are going undetected and that asymptomatic young ppl are out and about, spreading the virus. 
“We have a small window of opportunity to protect our nation, to learn about this new emerging virus and to deal with this unprecedented threat to global health” says Prof Arne Akbar, President of the British Society for Immumology @CMO_England @uksciencechief  …
Today we had a second #coronavirus death. The virus is here and spreading. This is a public health emergency. It is important to stay at home and keep all contact to a minimum. So no parties, no gigs, no pubs, no clubs.Stay home. Stay apart from people. Stay in touch with people.
Health authorities say to avoid spreading the virus, do not shake hands. One alternative: the Vulcan salute of Star Trek's Mr. Spock. Live long and prosper! 
distracting myself from corona virus by watching @GaryBarlow stacking it on 
It's not just about the virus and those directly affected by it. It's about all medical treatment, for everyone.  …
I'm tired of the globalist owned big media who is paid by big Pharma advertisements fanning the flames of the WUHAN Corona COVID-19 virus hysteria. On March 17, 2020 let's boycott all TV news media until they figure out that we are in charge. RT if you agree. #WWG1WGA 
Spain being placed on coronavirus lockdown, limiting movement, closing businesses to stem virus spread  …
Just as a virus will behave the way it does and advance the way it will no matter the desire to wish it away, so does mental incapacity in a president lead to destructiveness and deaths, no matter whether we love or hate the president. This fact will not change.
This mindset explains why Chris Hayes of  on Twitter how he found it "bizarre" that Trump was getting the big chain pharmacy stores involved in the effort to halt the spread of the Wuhan virus.
Wash your hands, disinfect the surfaces, scrub everything, high temperature wash the clothes and so it goes on. This virus is a male’s dream. Just another way of exerting patriarchal privilege over women. Everything needed to defeat it just means more work for the sisterhood.
Today we learned the first fatality in the city from Corona virus was at Wyckoff Hospital in Bushwick. My condolences to the friends & family. Please consider the health & well being of the collective. Take what you need a grocery stores and try and stay home if you are able. 
Corona Virus is announced: Every Karen in America: 
Apparently it's to thank all the medical staff and other workers who are helping us through the virus and the state of alarm! Will be happening every day at 10pm. Made me tear up a little! A moment of connection  despite our social distancing
I'm starting to feel this virus is just a big eugenics experiment for Boris Johnson and Cummings. We must not let ourselves  today's equivalent of Cannon fodder! We must stand together against this psychopathic government to save lives! Time to lock down. #covid19UK 
. @JohnsHopkins professor: “Don’t believe the nrs when you see, even on our #JohnsHopkins website, that 1,600 Americans have the virus... that means 1,600 got the test, tested positive. There are probably 25 to 50 people who have the virus for every one person who is confirmed.”
 back online and getting all my notifications, and updates about the corona virus, after at my grandmas place with no signal for a week. 
You are a virus
The present dangers of the deadly virus are too great to ignore, many religious groups have decided, leading to a cascade of cancellations worldwide in the last 48 hours 
University of Liverpool students paying £9,250 a year finding out the uni is closing due to the Coronavirus virus immediately after 3 weeks of strikes...  …
Child these streets don’t look like it’s no damn Virus out here
All Madrid is clapping now in recognition of the heroic work done by all the people working  the virus! Gracias de corazón! Here the video from my neighbourhood! #quedateEnTuCasa 
My wife and I have been building a new house for the past year. Just found out that due to the virus, supply chains have seized up causing delays, and our contractor will wisely be encouraging employees to isolate their families...
As a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 virus, the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum will close to the public beginning Sunday, March 15 at 5 p.m. ET.  
No way to celebrate the Irish — a people who have been hit hard by the bubonic plague, typhus, cholera and the 1918 flu pandemic — than by spreading around this new virus.
People actually believe Trump is being tested for this virus? Some of you have never dated a lying goddamn man and it shows. 
People need to realize that our goal right now is MINIMIZING AND REDUCING THE SPREAD OF THE VIRUS!!! That’s why it was classed as a pandemic, because of the RAPID spread of the virus.
I’m giving some art abd books away on  instead of a virus is rather be spreading some hope and joy so here’s your chance. Head over to my page and get on this (if you want) #gift 
Coronavirus Update (Live): 155,860 Cases and 5,815 Deaths from COVID-19 Virus Outbreak - Worldometer 
BREAKING NEWS: Chuck Norris has been exposed to the #CoronaVirus. The Corona Virus is now in quarantine for 14 days. 
This is how we should all be behaving right now. Not defiantly enjoying a sing song and a scrum in Temple Bar, but acting as if each and every one of us could potentially transmit this virus to someone else every time  within 2m of another person.  …
Happy #Caturday everyone! Remember, you can't get or give #COVIDー19 from or to your pets, so if you can't sneeze into your elbow, sneeze into your cat, though the virus can live on surfaces, so don't let your cat have a party. #tailsofjoy  
imma just go ahead and quarantine myself. i don’t have the virus or nothing i just have a valid excuse to not leave my house and associate with anyone now
With the risk surrounding this virus, I've decided to postpone the launch of Turbulence on Thu 19 March @Readings til further notice. It's all v disappointing and sad, (I had to cancel cupcakes too). I'd feel a bit happier if you can buy a copy nonetheless from 
Also, i didn’t want to spread any hate towards the lady or her daughter. Just wanted to show others how NOT to treat people! Especially since the virus has caused for many people to show racism towards Asians.
Can’t wait to circle back in two weeks with those of you who are treating this virus like it’s a snow day
The worst thing about the contagion of the #Covid_19 virus is having to stay at home when the #MicrosoftFlightSimulator 2020 is not yet available... 
Found an almost guaranteed Corona Virus-free activity outside of the house- fulfilling Find A Grave photo requests. I got 8 done today.
Back in Mexico City. No travel restrictions; didn't take my temperature at the airport. Schools and businesses open. Supermarkets stocked. Mexico decidedly unconcerned about Bat AIDS virus!
#Evil #CoronaVirus Politicians kill more than any other virus. 
The Prime Minister Boris Johnson has already said that “many more families will lose loved ones”. Just be prepared for the very worst if you are currently in the UK. The virus will spread- and the plan is to let it spread to watch what happens to everyone in the aftermath of it. 
Tbh the media is making people more afraid of the Corona Virus than they should be
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel tested for #coronavirus after symptoms. Flu test was negative and doctor  testing for COVID-19. Result of virus test not in.  …
Humans are a virus.
This is informative. China was able to contain the virus through drastic measures.  …
Didn't you hear? The Virus is taking the weekend off.
all those people who ATTACKED me about the VIRUS... * * * * now they are all running to the store for toilet paper * * * (the only thing they care is to die with a clean A**h*le) * * ...
Alexa tell us everyone who has the virus pls
It's stunning that with no leadership from the top, long before ImpeachedSCROTUS took to the airwaves, while the virus was already upon us, I received concise, reassuring, detailed emails from every supermarket & airline detailing their plans to keep us safe. #TrumpPlague
The only man who can defeat this virus 
One vulnerable population that has been ignored during #COVID19 response are the 2.3 million people in prison who are at high risk for virus spreading. Prisons can be incubators for infectious disease. I'll be discussing this & more w/ @TheRevAl shortly on @MSNBC #TuneIn
The 1957 pandemic ended as people became immune over a period of three years. Possibly the virus became less virulent too. We can expect COVID19 to similarly  'endemic,' but probably after several waves of affliction, alas.  … 19/
 of facts (school-aged people attacked, young & old die) reflects general pattern whereby the virus spreads in people who are out & about (at school & work) interacting. Virus is ‘brought home’ to kill age extremes who are at the end of the transmission chain. 17/
This is a reminder that NYC elementary school children are still slated to take a New York State ELA exam on March 25 in the middle of a global pandemic with the most confirmed virus cases in the country right in their own state. This is not normal
The virus that caused the 1957 pandemic is a different from the coronavirus causing COVID19. Both are rhinoviruses, but from different phyla.  … Despite the different pathogens, we can still understand what is happening by studying past pandemics. 3/
but instead live. Live with a lower quality life, and an earlier death for now you have a chronic problem that the virus induced on your body. This is  occurrence, having pneumonia once increases the risk of pneumonia in the future.
This dad has convinced his 4-yr-old to wash his hands regularly by drawing a virus on one of them which - if he washes his hands often enough during the day - will disappear by the evening. #Children #parenting #coronavirus #StaySafe  …
The way all film production has halted cause of the virus. All these jobless actors, now you might really see Jake Gyllenhaal at your local McDonald’s
1) The death rate is not a fixed percent but is also influenced things such as treatment, which requires resources to maintain. 2) The virus even when survived can cause organ damage such as lung damage, heart problems, the liver, and the kidneys. Aka you may not die instantly...
Chuck Norris has contracted the corona virus, the virus has been quarantined for two weeks.
Still  to terms that a virus has ended  football for likely 100 days
#US has to ‘depoliticize’ virus-related efforts, lift #sanctions: #Iran’s UN  …
Question: Should Kentuckians keep eating at restaurants given virus threat? Gov Beshear says order takeout — my family is tonight — to avoid crowds in dining rooms while supporting local businesses that are hurting right now. ^JC
11. If you’re young, your chances of survival might be better, but you can still spread the virus. Meaning you have an obligation to protect the older and  among us...
There’s Government Scientists and there’s BBC Scientists. I don’t trust the BBC. Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives' - BBC News  …
10. If we work together to flatten the curve we will help prevent our hospitals from  overwhelmed. We can’t entirely prevent the spread of the virus, but we might be able to save more people...
So, they've had two months to prepare. Nothing about the potency and lethality of the virus was unknown by the beginning of January. It was predictable that what happened in China would happen here.
We have been warning our citizens about steps they can take to limit the spread of this virus. We have been much luckier than the rest of the world so far but we cannot feel at ease at this time. Our citizens must continue to be extremely careful and vigilant about the situation.
Our government’s travel suspension decisions are not taken lightly. Our aim is to contain known cases while preventing the further spread of the virus. This is a global crisis and requires a global response. Pres. Erdogan is leading diplomatic initiatives to mount such a response
In 1987, Prince Philip penned a forward for a book titled “If I Were An Animal”, in it he wrote, “I must confess that I’m tempted to ask for reincarnation as a particularly deadly virus”, said in regards to what he saw as an overpopulated Earth. This is how these people think.
While our hospital staff are risking their lives to get this virus under control this is what is happening in our pubs. 
Whether he has the virus or not, he’s been sick for a very long time
8. Some local and state governments are acting quicker than the federal government, but in the absence of an aggressive national plan, we must rely on each other to institute measures that will slow the spread of the virus...
I do. Healthcare should obviously be a right for all of us. And our system should be designed to maximize our well-being not the profits of the drug, insurance and  Our current system is killing us - it was even before this virus.
convinced that half the problem right now is widespread innumeracy. if half the country catches the virus, then a “low” 3 percent mortality rate means upwards of 5 million deaths. 
Donald Trump stood at a podium at one of his campaign rallies and called this virus “the latest democrat hoax.” Don’t tell me I’m the one politicizing this. I have eyes, ears and short-term memory.
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
-First case of coronavirus hits Lesbos as Greeks fear virus may spread in migrant camps 
As COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases increase across the state, Gov. Roy Cooper has ordered all K-12 schools in the state to close for a minimum of 2 weeks. This decision was made to help minimize the spread of the virus. Visit:  
How your body fights the Corona virus 
As we report on coronavirus and its impact on  we know it can be a lot for our IG followers. So, for now, the Weekly Rewind — our newsletter made just for the ‘Gram — will only show positive news from the week — and none about the virus.  
Omashola is the new face of corona virus. I need to know this guys designer abeg #CoronaVirusUpdates #AMVCA7 #AMVCA2020 
A newborn baby in London  the youngest person in the world to test positive for #coronavirus. It's not known whether the baby contracted the virus in the womb or during labour. This is Extremely Heartbreaking. 
This virus doesn’t care about your passport or your bank balance. It can affect any of us. But hopefully not all of us if we act in unison. Be safe. Be sensible. Be sensitive. One in, all in. Wash your hands. Keep your distance, but keep your hysteria in check too. /1 
Some people: “Maybe they’re overreacting to the virus? Surely it couldn’t go on to infect and kill THAT many people, right?” Historians: uh....yeah.......... 
If current projections are accurate, as many as 150 million Americans will contract this virus. In that event, with a 3% mortality rate, it will kill 4.5 million people. Most of us will know at least a few of them. Wash your hands. 
CNBC: “Spain has followed Italy's path in implementing a similar lockdown after both European countries failed to contain the virus in regional hotspots.”  …
Inspired by Corona Virus #AMVCA7 #AMVCA2020 
BREAKING NEWS! The members of the girlgroup MOMOLAND, have been tested POSITIVE for the VIRUS of being super underrated and deserving better! Get well soon, Momoland! #COVIDー19 #coronapocalypse 
Younger people get the virus too and in France about half patients in ICU's are under 60. We're in this together young and old. Which doesn't excuse this mess at airport
jokes on you, i was avoiding people BEFORE the corona virus
If you own a shop and you need hand sanitizer in bulk purchase DM now let's do business 🖒 The thing make hot cake for town, corona virus is stupid
Stanford study to evaluate Coronavirus epidemic. Please spend 5mins to help us track the impact of the virus on  and understand the actions individuals and households are taking in response to the epidemic. You must be 18+yr to participate.  …
Nobody: Corona Virus:  …
People between 20-29 are the primary spreaders of the virus because they generally don't feel sick *at all* but are still contagious. Korea is only country which tests everyone and not just symptomatic and found wide disparities in infection rate between age groups. 20-29: 30%
Meanwhile trump was exposed to #COVIDー19 at that very Mar a Lago event. He must be in quarantine, correct? Nope! Trump is walking among our population, including cabinet members and other high-ranking officials in our government possibly exposing countless people to the virus.
Capitalism: "This is the only version of economics that can ever possibly work." *Virus strikes* 
is a virus an algorithm
Anyway though, the virus rarely kills children/young people- it mostly kills old people and those with multiple medical problems. My condolences to people with grandparents in UK and people who have multiple medical problems. The next few weeks will be interesting. It is well.
I just saw somebody else saying, "The average age of death from the virus is 80, so stop this moronic panic." So, even if this is accurate, we are foolish to care about old people? We should just let them die?
"The Mar-a-Lago petri dish has  metaphor for the perils of group gatherings in the age of #coronavirus, demonstrating how quickly and silently the virus can spread. No one is safe, not senators or diplomats or the most powerful person on the planet.  …
Random thought: What if their models for the virus spread are built by the same people who built the climate models? Sure appears that way does it not!?
Don't sleep on the effect places like Fox and Limbaugh are having on their audiences. I've heard an unsettling number of local folks at stores and online in the last two days say matter-of-factly that the virus shutdowns are just to wreck the economy to hurt Trump. Dangerous.
The Corona virus is a distraction from something. We didn’t shut everything down for the flu when we had massive outbreaks of it. What do you think is going on??
friendly reminder pt 2: also NOT the DOE fault! it’s understood that everyone is angry, upset, and hurt at the turn of events, but the country is in a state of emergency. it’s the virus’s fault!  …
Howling at this #avfc fans washing their hands to stop the virus #allezallezallez 
One things for sure, I bet Prince Andrew is well pleased Wuhan Virus has upstaged his current predicament!
Over 1500 drawings of @starwars all drawn TODAY! by kids in Ireland who are being kept indoors from the virus. #wewilldraw This is incredible. Thank you all for brightening up our day. What do you think 
viris in the US vs virus in the UK 
Stuart: The Ministry of Health and Ministry of Communications are the only legitimate sources of information on the virus in trinidad Aunties on Whatsapp: 
You are young and still wanna go out to bars cause you think, meh, I won't get this virus or if I do, it won't hit me hard. Read this: 
In defense of social distancing: New research finds that more than 10% of patients with COVID-19 are infected by somebody who has the SARS-CoV-2 virus but does not yet have symptoms.  …
Not a day goes by without a leftie saying they hope I catch #COVID19! They think letting nature take its course to reduce our pensions bill is cruel, but culls are beneficial! Anyways, I'm tired of explaining Tories can't catch a human virus because we're cold-blooded reptiles!
I have opened up 14 sessions during these next few weeks to raise money for people in my network that are in need of some extra support due to the virus stuff. 100% of proceeds will go to them. Book here: 
 :Battle ID I NEED BACKUP! Bc of recent con cancellations and my part time job also affected by the virus, I'd rly appreciate it if everyone could check out my online store! [I have FE3H, GBF, Promare and i7 items up!] Please RT! Thank you so much! TT 
Hi Guys! If you wish to keep an eye on the coronavirus updates, this is a helpful site. Coronavirus Update (Live): 155,845 Cases and 5,814 Deaths from COVID-19 Virus Outbreak - Worldometer #CoronaVirusUpdates #coronavirus #COVIDー19ph SafetyFirst 
2020 was supposed to be OUR year, but it's the virus' year now shett
I don't think we can responsibly move forward with any additional #COVID-19 testing, vaccines or isolation until someone determines which pronouns the virus wants to be addressed as.  on. You know SOMEBODY has said it already.
New clip Latex couple gas masks virus protection #1 available at  @rubberghost9 
Sarnia girls are immune to corona virus they have survived YEARS of incredibly toxic men here
China has Known About Corona Virus Since NOV 17th. 1million Chinese have Flown into The USA between Nov17-Jan31. Corona Virus Has been here for 4 months. Wheres the US deaths, Overwhelmed Hospitals? Its all Fake China Propaganda to Crash Economy  …
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
If your grandparents are over 85 as mine are, you're going to struggle with the whole "lockdown" thing, because you've got yourself a wartime child, whose earliest years were spent having bombs dropped on them by the Luftwaffe & "hiding" inside from a virus isnt in their nature
Interesting..... so who’s right? Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
Going out "is selfish and reckless during this pandemic. It will speed up the spread of the virus, increasing the suffering for older and more vulnerable people and for the medical workers who will be caring for them," writes 
Everyone so concerned with hand sanitizer, emptying shelves to try and make profit but virus/bacteria can be killed simply by using acetic acid aka Vinagre. Doesn't harm your skin either. Desinfect your homes and spaces with it. You're  
French Health Director-general : "It's not the virus that is circulating in France. It's people who are circulating the virus in France." #COVID19 #COVID19france  …
Tump Has Been Tested for Wuhan Virus; Media Who Were Unhappy He Wasn't Tested Now Unhappy He Has Been  …
“Temperature and Latitude Analysis to Predict Potential Spread and Seasonality for COVID-19” by Mohammad M. Sajadi et al. Virus may die out by April/May.  …
In the war we were happy with every word of support from you. Today we ask you to support Italy and Iran in facing the virus
This stupid virus won’t stop me from my gains!! 
As I am (shamefully) seeing CCP propaganda getting repeated by (idiotic) blue chekist US media, a reminder that the Wuhan-origin of the Virus was not doubted by the Russians who quickly shut the Russian-Chinese border on January 30 #DragonBear   …
Finally got my corona virus mask in the mail 
It’s 2020 and Corona has started influencing fashion. These outfits are enough to chase the virus away from Nigeria. #AMVCA7 
The general population has “herd immunity” to most sicknesses, either through past infection or immunization. Literally no one has immunity to this virus yet, so hospitals can’t handle all critically sick people at once. People who otherwise could have made it will die.
It is proven that being infected with the virus may NOT confer immunity. People infected before can get reinfected. There was a woman in Japan who was infected twice with the Coronavirus. So you wonder why UK wants it to get to 40million people first before taking it seriously.
They don't want you to visit Hospitals They don't want you at Sport events They don't want you at the Movies They don't want you at work They don't want you at School Because you will see no one has the "virus" Real eyes see real Lies
Gov Beshear says there is a little-known statute that allows government to force Kentuckians into quarantine to protect the public health. Nelson Co individual who tested positive for virus and refused to isolate now has law enforcement outside his home. ^JC
Reminder, FoxNews LIED to people saying the virus was a hoax. Based on that lie, many people, especially seniors, took no precautions to protect themselves. Many likely hot exposed, and then spread the virus, all the while believing that there was no virus and no threat.  …
Stop being racist about this virus. Asian people didn't fuck you over. Your government did.
Trump isn’t being blamed for everything, but he did fire the Pandemic Response Team, he didn’t prepare adequately to the virus while other countries were responding, he didn’t provide enough tests nor options for rapid testing... So will enough tests be available on Monday?
Ronna Romney aka Ronna Corona who also supported Trump calling the virus a media hoax has been tested for the virus. MAGAts if you are listening, guess it isn't a hoax after all!
Joe Biden set up his own Wuhan virus "task force." Who did he pick to lead it? Ezekiel Emanuel, an architect of Obamacare, who thinks life isn't worth living after the age of 75 Sick and distasteful when thinking about #COVID19's impact on the  …
It's St. Patricks' Day weekend during a pandemic. Here is the plea I never imagined that I (a bar loving person!) would have to make. Don't pack the bars tonight. Please. Do it for those who are at high-risk of the virus.  …
Whoa- Critical care ICU rate in Italy for #COVID19 556/3420 16%! In China it was just 5%. We are now realizing the virus could be even worse than expected. Very concerning with these Italy data published in JAMA.  
I’d like to see this data broken out by smokers and non-smokers within age ranges. Seems like that would be a major contributing factor to severity for respiratory virus.
#coronavirus: We thought it would be useful to share some brief reflections on some aspects of this crisis: the state approach to the spreading of the virus; government measures; consequent social struggles; how we are organising in these circumstance.  …
Those aren’t your white blood cells. That isn’t a virus. Looks like a C elegans worm to me. You cant see viruses under a light microscope.  …
Pls read and RT! BBC News - Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
Is My Chest Pain Anxiety Induced or Do I Have Corona Virus or Early Signs of Pneumonia or Another Life Threatening Disease: an on-going novel by me!
We are in the middle of a worldwide virus crisis and RR’s has nothing to do than to speculate on the 7th in line summer vacations! I don’t know hat it’s wrong with them, but it’s serious! Look after George, Charlotte and Louis vacations and forget King Archie!  …
Are they gonna shoot the virus out of the air?  …
Someone came to fight corona virus at the award ceremony. #AMVCA7 #COVIDー19 #AMVCA #AMVCA2020 
Update - coughing continues, all mild. Waves of low grade fever throughout the day and a slight catch in my breath. All mild but I'm going to assume it's *that* virus and be taking it easy and upping the self isolation...  …
The most important thing you can do right now is go home and stay there. Even if you're not worried about getting sick, you could pass the virus on to others and help it continue to spread.  …
“Does anyone really believe that if instead of Madrid, any other area of the country was a high risk zone, do you really believe they wouldn't have closed it down preventively to stop the spread of the virus?”  …
Laura have a sit down. You are actually trying to somehow promote or make people understand that the idea of spreading this novel virus is a good idea. Now what if it mutated again while we do this? Some of you and your peers are to weak. Where was the challenge to do more?
Her rant/conspiracy theorizing about the virus and political manipulations was so inappropriate at this time. Or any time. Anywhere.
Been thinking about saying screw it and working out again at the gym instead of home workouts. Cause yeah they help but the gym really improves my mental health and it’s definitely been worse since I stopped working out at the gym cause of the virus.
I think everybody is agreed we should be slowing it down. The argument is that taking little or no measures is not the most effective way of doing so? E.g. Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
There is likely to be significant loss of life due to #Covid_19ireland. We can save many lives by slowing the onset of the virus. It is my view that pubs should close. Many have done so voluntarily already. I hope that other pub owners follow suit. These are unprecedented times.  …
Prof van Schaik noted that the UK is the only country in Europe that is following what he described as its "laissez-faire attitude to the virus".  …
Told y'all trump and Kushenrs would profit off CORANa Virus.
After this virus is over, I hope it inspires real talk about the obsolescence of the physical office. Related point: how keeping elite nonprofit and think tank jobs sequestered in NYC and DC maintains class privilege and stratification.
“What a farce. To deny confining Catalonia, Spain's PM calls on "scientific evidence" that "the virus doesn't care about territorial differences". And he says it while half the cases are in Madrid! Obviously, he's not closing the TGVs or Barajas (Madrid's airport).”  …
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel tested for coronavirus after symptoms  … If lots of RNC members came in contact with the person infected with the virus during CPAC there will be more members that will test positive for the coronavirus.
A normally very busy street on a Saturday night in Barcelona not busy tonight! Government and the people taking Corona virus very seriously, scary #stayinghome 
You’re stuck with Corona Virus and your 4th @is who you’re quarantined with. How you feelin?
I self isolate not because of the virus because I hate people
Serves her right. They need to work on removing the evening lineup crew as well for their culpability in spreading the same misinformation and lies about the virus.
The only way to stop Corona virus from spreading in Ghana is to just fart When someone is showing symptoms just fart at the person the virus will die
The Palestinian people are in solidarity with the peoples of the world in their war against the dreaded Corona virus. I wish you all safety #CoronaVirusUpdates 
And just exactly how do you do that when the very people that need to care for them could be carrying the virus and be asymptomatic, and unless you are hospitalised you won’t know if you’ve had it and have immunity or not? He should listen to WHO advice.
