Rome fears more a virus than it fears heresy.
As a conspiracy theorist I'd like to be the first to point out that this engineered COVID 19 virus does a great job targeting those that have paid into SSI all their lives, those in need of Universal Healthcare, as well as those surrounding themselves with champion sneezers.
A resident of Rep. Matt Gaetz’s district died of coronavirus shortly after Gaetz mocked the virus response on the House floor.  … via @politicususa
Countering this info is the finding that 9 (!) contacts of one man were infected from the virus. 5/ x  …
Learn from china. Hesitations, delay, indecision, being wishy washy, obfuscation and putting politics ahead of presenting facts allowed the virus to spread quickly.
COVID-19 tests (first ones) show that the virus is in DC. Be interesting to see what Republicans "It's a hoax" Trumpers do in the next few days.
For Those Of You That Are 65 And Older...Over 90% Of The Deaths From Corona Virus Are In Your Age Group So Be Extremely Careful And Don't Pay Attention To The Imbeciles That Are Telling You Is Just The Flu...They Are Not Scientists Or Doctors To Determine That Only Idiots..
My ex took the bitch he cheated on me with on a trip and caught the corona virus. Look at Karma
California man had coronavirus before he boarded cruise ship, authorities say. The news is a revelation that could mean the virus has been circulating in California longer than authorities have previously disclosed.  …
Tell your wife to tell them one of the deaths is in Florida. In Matt Gaetz district. Pretty sure this is not a hoax. Even as he Matt, made fun of the situation by wearing a gas mask while voting for the virus legislation. Maybe he can wear the Mask to his constitutes funeral.
Pauline Hanson calls for Corona beer ban, until we know what role it played in virus  …
Did some folks not wash their hands before this virus? I guess those of us that washed are hands before COVID19, we were "trendy" before washing your hands was "trendy"? What does that say about the people that are hoarding toilet paper? I guess we were "trendy" on that one too 
In case you missed it: washing your hands thoroughly with soap for 20 seconds is actually one of the most effective things you can do to avoid spreading the virus. It is simple. But highly effective. Panicking is not helpful. Handwashing is. Here's a fun version :) 
This is important as shows #coronavirus does attack young people. The dr in #wuhan who died was in his 30's. Healthworkers are at particular risk due to the exposure to concentrated levels of the virus. Also ANYONE 60+/and/or with certain pre-existing medical conditions. 
How can the  convince high risk people to take this seriously? I'm neither an alarmist or panicking but because of my age & being immunosuppressed I know I won't survive this virus if infected. I'm hunkering down, taking precautions & hoping for a good 
Will you change your concert going plans this summer because of the Corona Virus? Should festivals be canceled? 
The positive test for the president of the region of Lazio, who is based in Rome, became another vivid symbol that the virus was no longer a matter of northern exposure, and that all of Italy was now grappling with a public health emergency 
corona virus is cancelled. sjsjskskks anyways stan lil uzi
all these people just now isolating themselves now because of the corona virus meanwhile ive been isolating myself for years smh stop riding my wave
Tribal considerations: 1. Trumpite propaganda—“virus is a Dem hoax”—means redhats shrugs it off 2. The rest of us who “believe science” & hate deniers stake a claim to fear 3. Twist: individual libs find a path to equanimity by believing that we’ve “already had it” & are immune
The way flight prices dropped cause of the virus got me looking like I’m going to Dubai
He had a runny nose after travelling to "a low risk country". It's a 'novel' virus - meaning 'new' ... He tested himself and diagnosed Coronavirus. How is he a poor diagnostician?  …
A resident of Rep. Matt Gaetz’s district died of coronavirus shortly after Gaetz mocked the virus response on the House floor.  … via @politicususa
And probably 10k have the flu. It's dangerous and unethical what the national media is doing with this virus. What did we do when SARA and H1N1 was spreading? I'm pretty sure it wasn't this.
is the corona virus in ur city?
The virus is in an envelope made of lipids and soap, like detergent breaks up the lipids, like detergent does to grease stains. But it needs time to do that, hence the 20s rule
Its a response from the public wondering why in America we dont have tests and the virus is spreading like crazy #DontTestDontTell #coronavirus I want to know why Trump refused tests in  …
HAHAHA I WILL NEVER GET THE CORONA VIRUS!  …
#CUNE is monitoring the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak and its impact on  Should the situation present a danger to campus or students, Concordia will take action to mitigate any potential effects from the virus. For more info, visit  
I plan to buy a crystal ball and lots of books about Santeria. Use some kind of chicken foot spell to get rid of the virus in America. Sell the footage of the ceremony to Fox News and  a Coronavirus witch doctor to heal MAGAs with money to spend.
Ya’ll probably don’t have an earthquake kit at home, yet you are out there shopping like it’s the end of the world over this virus. Smh.
I love how a global virus had to happen for Tim’s to realize handling rims that have been in people’s mouths is unsanitary and disgusting.  …
If hospitals are worried about being unable to cope with the #coronavirus, think about the shelter system. This would be devastating if the virus spread to shelters and respites. We need a plan in case the virus spreads. We can't just wait until it happens  …
so funny to me that it took a flu virus to make everyone start washing their hands... nasty bastards
Score one for the virus. Former Hostage Taker Of US Diplomats Dies Of Coronavirus In Iran #IranCoVidTruth #Irantruth #Tehran  …
How much time, energy and money do we spend every year developing a flu vaccine? We vaccinate as many people as possible and spend incalculable effort to spread the word about its dangers. We obviously take the flu very seriously. Shouldn't we do the same with this unknown virus?
why don't corona virus patients drink hand sanitizer? won't it kill 99.9% of their germs?
Everyone:”we need to stop using plastic water bottles! It’s killing our ocean biomes and aerosol cans are killing our atmosphere” *a virus slightly worse than the normal flu happens* “OMG! Stock up on water bottles and disinfecting spray!!!!!”
i see y'all asking people to stay home. not to go out & party because of corona virus but nobody is stopping us from going to church. i love africa.
“Public health officials are also working to identify and contact those who may have been in close contact with this individual and exposed to the virus,” Kelly said.  …
First corona virus case confirmed at my university Oh dear
if he can't contain this, how can he contain the virus?
UK 29th February - 23 cases. UK one week later, 7th March - 206 cases. A 9x increase in one week. Don’t want to alarm, but simple maths says unless new measures are adopted, if that rate continues, everyone in UK has the virus within six weeks from now.
They’re both in a very high risk demographic. Think about that....due to the Trump administration’s botched  dismantling of pandemic response we might have a president Pelosi after all. I would probably die of irony overload of the virus doesn’t kill me first. 
Corona has been around forever. Remember when SARS was gonna kill us all? That was a corona virus. This is the latest mutation. It’s the first time we’ve identified this strain. Be informed ( I suggest the cdc web site) stay calm.
16. Want to highlight one story. A group of LGBT volunteers organized to spare & donate their HIV medication Lopinavir/Ritonavir, which was seen as a potentially effective drug against the virus. Here's an interview w/ organizer 松鼠哥 @inlayterms @glaad  …
Are you taking steps to protect yourself & your loved ones from the corona virus OR do you think it’s much ado about nothing? If you’re taking steps, what are you doing?
Trump wasted time & now he is in danger of losing his presidency because when the great test came, in the form of a virus, he didn’t take the danger seriously & said, wait until April. It will be like a miracle. Virus will just disappear.  …
I’m literally begging you all to stop giving the Coronavirus attention. I don’t care if it’s funny or even calling attention to how horrible it is. It’s what the virus wants. It’s giving it a platform. Just ignore the fuck out of it and it will go away forever.
Thinking about the virus the whole time, no doubt.
"I wouldn't mind if animals ruled the world. They may do better job ?... In #Gimpo City, all citizens are to stay home, wear a mask, wash hands... In #SouthKorea, no church, no gatherings, no outings, no traffic.This #virus is hitting the economy hard"  
This post indicates the problem - they do not understand how contagious it is, and  of the virus occurs.
WOW California man had coronavirus before boarded cruise ship, authorities say. suggests virus has been in California for a While.  … @r_valejandra @anitachabria
Remember this? "Funding cuts will leave the nation exposed to new & emerging infectious disease agents," Professor Walker said "The country requires this type of expertise, as we don’t know which new virus will be a major health threat”  …
14 day incubation period. Don't jinx yourself. I'm drinking heavily to wipe out the virus if I got it there. Trust me. I was in pre-med. Or pre-law. I forget.
This is classic. White house staff were exposed to someone with the coronavirus at a political meeting. All while telling the country the virus was contained. I hope you're listening #MAGA. You're being played  …
Who Made Coronavirus? Was It the U.S., Israel or China Itself? By Philip Giraldi Has Washington created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing's growing economy and military might down a few notches . 
carmella  the corona virus to doritos 
The coronavirus finally got you nasty motherfuckers to wash your hands. I hope the next virus is rectal so you lot wash your ass
To all those who are now totally freaked out about going outside and being near mass groups of people who may have some weird virus, congratulations...this is what being Jewish feels like. #coronavirus
BREAKING from @anitachabria Grand Princess cruise officials say the coronavirus was brought on board by the Placer County man who later died from the virus and was spread from there. That means the virus could have been circulating in CA longer than previously disclosed
“Many will carry on because they need to put food on the table and pay the rent. They will  into contact with other people and spread the virus.” 
You know people are going to recall all the effed up things they said there about the virus and those affected, right?  …
context: the Homeland Security Advisor (Bossert's old position) would presumably have had a big role in coordinating virus response ... except that after Bossert left in 2018, the administration just got rid of the position
People  panic about getting the corona virus and dying but do Unprescribed drugs for fun
Virus may have pro leagues cutting locker-room access.  …
Let Me Get This Straight: Pres Trump donates $100K to fight coronavirus Is attacked for not taking action 328 Chinese nationals detained at the border from open border policies Dems claim they are doing more to fight the virus than Trump The hypocrisy is unreal. RT!
It is just strange that, in a deadly virus outbreak, you can have the symptoms but not get tested because you can’t show that you were near a person who had the disease. So you spread it to 30 people instead of 3. @DOHgovph More testing!!! Good lord. Did they all fail math?
Person With Coronavirus Attended CPAC Conference in Maryland . The patient was exposed to the virus prior to the four-day conference and is being quarantined in New Jersey, organizers said in a tweet.
President @realDonaldTrump spoke at @CPAC on February 29, which is during the timeframe the person with the virus reportedly attended the conference  …
this is extremely DC inside baseball, but Tom Bossert's aggressive tweeting demanding that the government take action on the virus is ... interesting
So we keep 14,000 nuclear weapons in the world just in case but not enough virus masks
I’ve read so much information on the virus, and I still can’t definitively make a projection on what we will see. That’s the way it is sometimes in life, and in these scenarios, I manage downside risk first and foremost.
March 7 Updates on the CCP Virus(COVID-19) Pandemic The White House believes the CCP created the virus? ! A summary of the CCP’s lies which slap it face by itself Miles showed a “Yu Ma Tu”, what’s the hint?  via @Gnews202064
How is it a hoax? The democratic politicization of it is definitely a hoax, but our Vice President is leading the team  this virus with the CDC. Pay attention.
IM DONE, GNZ REALLY OPENED THEIR CORONAVIRUS LIVE WITH HEART GATA VIRUS IN FACE MASKS 
Taipei seems to have the virus in hand. Now I worry about returning to the UK  …
Sure need constant repetition of no rational link of virus symptoms to toilet paper stockpiles. Length of quarantine time, & mode of transmission.  …
Some replies to this tweet are disgusting. Trying to score political points because a virus infected someone who disagrees with you? Vile.
19 Corona Virus deaths in U.S. since start of year, but around 3000 abortions performed daily in the U.S. Shouldn’t we be declaring state of emergency in all Planned Parenthoods instead of New York?  …
Coronavirus: Egypt says Nile River cruise ship quarantined over new virus cluster  …
Thanks @Jamienzherald for all your great coverage of the incredibly fast-paced science taking place here and globally to track the virus. Tireless efforts with vital modern tools to help us slow the virus down  …
You’ve been tasked with making a documentary about your current city being quarantined due to a virus outbreak. What would most likely happen in your doc?
How ironic would it be if the cure for Corona Virus was a Lime
Two local football teams tonight affected by #coronavirus after 1 player has confirmed testing positive. Both clubs have posted on their clubs Face Book pages. It Demonstrates the risk & just how easily this virus is spreading. . @BBCNewsNI
This take is ridiculously ignorant. Being a healthy runner does not prevent someone from having/getting this virus. And it’s not just the runners who will be at risk when the runners return home to jobs and families and spread the virus.  …
What if I just bring a bottle of scotch to class and start sipping every few minutes and say I am protecting my throat from corona virus
We,Iranian ppl are hostages of the Islamic Republic's terrorist and dictatorial regime One day they kill us with a bullet in the street One day with a missile fired into a passenger plane One day with a deliberate outbreak of the virus in the country  …
What has being "wealthy" got to do with it? If  out of this, it's that the US is at the moment a huge problem with the dissemination of this virus. A first world country with woeful medical access = false confidence. Should be a travel warning.  …
As virus outbreaks multiply, UN declines to declare pandemic (from  …
Took a virus for y’all to learn to be hygienic  …
Duuuuuude. I eat food from the floor PLUS I hugged everybody at cpacThere’s no way I wasn’t exposed to this scary virus thingy  …
REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK: I am struck by the extent to which the only way of containing or limiting the spread of this virus is by acting responsibly and in the interests of  colleagues, family and lastly, ourselves. Via 
“What’s your secret to not catching corona virus?” 
Several metrics are flashing panic in the bond market. Don’t be surprised if more milestones fall as virus cases and business disruptions increase. 
But, since we live in an insane country all the MAGA crowd is going to be showing up at Trump rallies, ignoring good hygiene and laughing about the stupid Democrat virus hoax.  …
Landau's Modest Proposal: While Netanyahu doesn't believe Arab citizens' votes should count, Arab doctors, nurses & medics are on the front line fighting the #virus, among them some of Israel's top experts on infectious diseases. "It's amazing they don't go on a protest strike."  …
POLL As @POTUS, should @realDonaldTrump be held personally accountable for the U.S. response (or lack thereof) & rapid spread of #coronavirus / #COVID19 and any deaths resulting from the virus in the United States & its territories? *** VOTE & RETWEET ***
Our Senior teams have been stood down from football activities for the next two weeks arising from a confirmed case of Coronavirus in an opposition team today. No one from our club has been tested for, or had symptoms of, the virus.However we would ask everyone to remain vigilant
If you are healthy and your wearing a mask it will do nothing for you. The only people who should be wearing masks are the ones with the virus to keep it contained. So if you don't have the virus but your wearing a mask I'm just going to assume you have the virus.
Zim govt risks being referred to the UN Security council after it failed to report a case of suspected Corona virus in a woman who returned from China in January and just yesterday presented herself to her doctor and died a day later The symptoms explained are COVID-19
NBA: “We are prepared to play games with no fans due to the corona virus” MLB:  …
mathematician @AdamJKucharski who studies the spread of disease explains the numbers in #coronavirus news. The important thing is to stop spread of the virus to the most vulnerable population - the elderly, where the fatality rate could be 10% 
Since Kellyanne CONway lied about the Coronavirus being contained, 200 more cases have been reported. There are now 400+ infected Americans. Dangerous propaganda is just as deadly as the virus itself. No reputable media source should be asking her anything at this point.
NEW: A CPAC 2020 attendee tested positive for the novel coronavirus in New Jersey on Saturday, the American Conservative Union confirmed, indicating the attendee's exposure to the virus took place prior to the conference.  …
For anyone who cares, I actually photographed the 4 pages of The Stand where King  contagion pretty accurately. (Note that his disease, Captain Trips, was far more virulent than our virus, Captain Trumps.) 
“From the beginning, the Trump administration’s attempts to forestall an outbreak of a virus now spreading rapidly across the globe was marked by a raging internal debate about how far to go in telling Americans the truth.” Read that again.  …
Russian humor, loosely translated: In a year, you’ll smile as you remember all this panic over the virus. Well, not all of you, of course. 
Isn’t it crazy that nearly 20 people can die of a virus across the US & there are states declaring a state of emergency. But gun violence? Tumble weed....
A virus can’t be bribed or threatened.
“The attendee had no contact with the President* or Vice President*...” Do the organizers of CPAC understand how a virus spreads?
A delay in coronovirus test left two women, who fell ill after returning from a Nile cruise in Egypt, days without knowing they were infected with the virus 
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic of Iran invites Corona virus to build a tool to oppress the public opinion Don't be fooled by this trick 
I am 66 years of age in August if I catch this shitty little virus & die so be it, but I will not fight over toilet roll in a supermarket isle!
2. This is  action matters. We all need to do everything we can to #slowthespread of the virus. Why? Because by slowing the epidemic, we keep our healthcare systems from being overwhelmed. That way, we can maintain the capacity to care for those in need.
1. A thread about the need to #SlowTheSpread of #COVID19 #coronavirus. The virus is now spreading freely  around the US and around the world. Containment is no longer an option. We have to figure out how to minimize the impact of  pandemic.
‘If I catch the coronavirus I’m screwed. UK gig economy workers can’t afford to be ill’ Those self-isolating may end up relying on Deliveroo riders, but, self-employed do not get sick pay, they will be likely to carry on working even if they get the virus  …
Dealing with virus anxiety by taking care of some things I’d been meaning to do. Like trying the Popeye’s spicy chicken sandwich. It’s good! Totally lives up to the hype 
All this corona virus outbreak is really distracting us from the fact Davido said “When I look into your eyes all I see is your waist” stay woke
The virus doesn’t care about political spin. It just goes viral.
Trumpism is a deadly virus.
#Insiders COVID19 is a "virgin soil" pandemic: we have no pre-existing immunity. If the virus  endemic with annual "spikes", we will have vaccines, treatments, many who are at least partially immune, and it will be more "flu" like, with the elderly still at greatest risk
Its like opposite day. Bashing FOX for Virus Fear Porn then Tweeting out a CNN pictures.
Universal health care. Paid sick leave. Prison conditions contributing to the spread of this virus. Look at all these things piling up on us that we’ve long ignored on a policy level.  …
You know what would be a great distraction from the Corona Virus? A SCOTUS overruling of Roe V. Wade. That will give the libs something to cry about for decades!!
Covid outbreak day 415: went into town to trade a Charmin mega roll for old man Withers’s oldest daughter and a mule team. Cannibals two towns over speak of CDC shock troops still trying to spread the virus. Winter  Need to keep the ammo stores dry.
I'd retweeted something about attendees at 2 DC conferences testing positive for #Coronavirus. I took it back. Whatever you think of the groups, the spread of this virus here is inevitable. It could have been anyone, any group. It's scary & serious for everyone. Try to be kind.
Dozens trapped as China quarantine hotel collapses China is  government, runned by Xi who is a dictator & will order his army to kill as many of his people necessary to control this virus created by China ! Communism has no God ! Hong Kong protesters #KAG2020 
Yeah. This ain’t China. This is Trump’s America where putting America first means him going golfing in the midst of a pandemic. It means lying, suppressing and covering up the truth about the virus while more and more people get sick or die.
I heard an Italian microbiologist on the radio. They started testing all elderly people already in hospital with chest infections. Lots had the Corona virus, hence the hike in numbers.
Fear of Corona virus Mr President @MBuhari; Nima I'm not on seat @BashirAhmaad na you go go meet that Italy ambassador 
Yup. Like Trump said, it’s “contained.” Pretty much every state in the US now contains people sick with Covid-19. So yes, the virus is certainly contained—within the bodies of thousands of Americans.
The ACU confirmed that a CPAC attendee has coronavirus. If you attended, it would be smart to get to a hospital ASAP and get tested. Even if you don't have symptoms or believe you'll be fine, you are putting others at risk of catching the deadly virus if you don't.
The media is fanning the flames of panic over this virus Just trying to scare the hell out of people We all know what this is about Anything to destroy our economy And try to hurt POTUS More people die from the flu If the media is worried are they helping find a vaccine?
Watch: 1:43. Now what are the chances of what I found. Q 143. Go deeper. Signatures are IMPORTANT. Then I find "Go deeper." Corona Virus article right under Clown signatures griping about their security clearances being revoked. A bit mind blowing I must say. #QAnon #FactsMatter  
WOW!!! I’d love to see who takes the police up on this one.Police warn recently bought meth may contain ‘Corona Virus,’ offer to test it for free | WBTW  …
our lovely and happy virus leader who always tries his best to cheer up every member and never forgets to show love and support to them. we love you so much and there are not enough words to say how proud we are of you 
Who knew the fight of the century would be a virus vs monetary policy
It would be very fitting that the year the Flyers win the cup again there’s a virus outbreak & people can’t attend games
Guess who’s not getting corona virus!!!!  …
yet another clip of the prime minister gulping and lying. Speers asks if Morrison’s abrupt exit from that presser is because “the corona virus is now so all-consuming”? No, it is because - as Moreton’s TSP oped said this week - Morrison hates being questioned. #Insiders
WAPO confirms reports that virus was spreading for months before Trump began planning containment. Trump officials delayed coronavirus epidemic plans because the president thought it was an overseas problem: report -  …
Women can save the planet... they can save Turkey from the AKP virus that already killed more women than  …
If humans are hoarding toliet paper because they think the Corona virus causes diarrhea, they better buy Imodium.
Corona virus kills 3000 people and we all loose our shit.... Alcohol addiction kills 88,000 people annually and  out with a new wine brand @CarmellaWWE 
The virus is only growing in EU & MENA region. Highest number of cases still in Iran. More travel restrictions from Kuwait and Bahrain that now involve Egypt and Lebanon besides Iraq and Iran. Hard to know actual MENA numbers in absence of testing and transparent measures.
“...the Trump administration’s attempts to forestall an outbreak of a virus now spreading rapidly across the globe was marked by a raging internal debate about how far to go in telling Americans the truth.”  …
OMG, 34,000,000 sick and 20,000 DEAD? PANIC TIME. Screw the Covid-19 virus only killed 11 people. Why is there no constant news coverage on the flu?  …
So the caring mother who didn't want to bring her son to UK because of corona virus, decides to visit of all places a school, where germs are rife. Hmmm!
Seems a virus is a cancelling so many other viruses ...
Man that virus gonna hit them college campuses hard as hell when spring break over now that i think bout it lmao
A day after the C.D.C. dispatched 100 people to American airports to screen  from Wuhan, Azar made his first call to Trump about the virus. The president insisted on talking about e-cigarettes first, but Mr. Azar steered him to the virus. 
And now this: citing the @NPRCodeSwitch #coronavirus & #xenophobia episode, Brookline (MA) Asian American Family Network launched a campaign to help Asian businesses impacted by virus stigma.   …
HOW TO PREPARE FOR THE CORONA VIRUS! Don’t get sick people 
12 year old me downloading 500 virus’ onto my moms  when she’s not home trying to transfer free gems onto my clash of clans account:  …
When all is said and done, a material fraction of the people who liked the tweet will he dead from the virus
Corona virus is apparently looking for people who sleep alone
Reasons I'm not afraid of Coronavirus: - I live alone - I never use public transport - I'm the most antisocial bastard on the planet when I want to be - Wine is available on Deliveroo - The virus I'm supposed to be afraid of appeared in a Dean Koontz novel I'll be fine.
If you think  back home because of Corona Virus, you lie. It's not yet my vacation period chill pls.
Find a way. Education is about life lessons. Get that game moved to Bay Area on Monday. We can appreciate and understand the virus concern but wow, what a lasting sad memory for a great team, the best in NorCal the last 3 seasons.  …
If the over sixties are vulnerable to Corona Virus and should stay away from crowds, shouldn't the House of Lords be closed. It would stop the spread and save the country a really lot of money.
Irony...at this same event the corona virus was called a hoax
“Corinna-virus” keeps expanding...Former King of Spain Juan Carlos funded private jets from foundation linked to Swiss investigation' | via  …
President Trump's top economic adviser offers small steps on the virus while the market pleads for something much bigger 
Jan 11, @45 days bef 1st Covid-19 case not linked to travel was diagnosed in US, Chinese scientists posted genome of the virus W/in 1 wk, virologists produced the 1st diagnostic test End of Feb, WHO had shipped tests to nearly 60 countries But not the US Why? Trump won’t say  …
If you swam in the lake at the boathouse, you’re immune to corona virus. Go Cobras
Thank you LA, thank you Chris Brown, thank you to everyone that has been a part of this project so far, 5 sold out show in North America despite the outbreak of Corona virus y'all DAVIDO American fans are the real deal  …
So I’m *really* beginning to think they are preventing COVID-19 virus testing to placate Trump by keeping his numbers down. Seriously, what else are we supposed to think?  …
The Iranian resistance group MEK pegs the coronavirus death toll in Iran at 2000 – nearly 14 times the official 145 figure the Iranian regime acknowledges. Hard to believe Iran has a handle on this when even its own lawmakers are contracting the virus.  …
Saturday Afternoon show from @99freemind Amazing Polly. Globalists Susceptible to Their Own Virus  via @YouTube
These are just confirmed cases, how many untreated cases and untested cases remains a mystery! Thanx to #RepugnantCons and the virus in the White House, #Donorrhea  …
Congorona Virus would just make Trump call Africa a sh** hole continent, draft a Black Ban on travel and propose a wall in the middile of the Atlantic funded by agency budgets for schools on military bases.
Pelosi and Newsom won’t issue a moratorium on public defecation because it will point the finger at their failed policies. Once the virus infected feces spreads by rain throughout their cities, millions will get exposed. The rats will get infected ... a new strain could emerge. 
The Department of Health confirmed that not only were there six confirmed COVID-19 cases but that the virus that causes the respiratory disease had already spread locally.  
The Wuhan-virus is growing in power.  …
Pretty cool how, to be a supporter of the President now, you have to make fun of and deny the very real danger of a virus that may kill you. Good thing they’re smarter than the rest of us. Clearly, science is garbage and Darwin was an idiot.
#Insiders At least 80% of us will experience mild symptoms of COVID19. The mortality rates we've been seeing are likely too high because the focus has been on finding virus. Quick &simple antibody tests to screen for past infections are in development, but not yet out there
#insiders Can't believe Speers is interrogating Bowen like he's spreading the virus. Piss poor interview and now a few weeks into his remit, proving to be just another Lib tool.
BREAKING NEWS: The World Health Organisation has stated that animals can't get Corona virus and that all dogs in quarantine should be released. WHO let the dogs out.
Foo’s worried about the coronavirus but never check for any STD’s smh foo you’re the dangerous virus.
pinching your fingers together creates a tiny incubation chamber in which the virus thrives
I tell ya one side effect of this Corona virus... anyone else’s hands dry as fuck from all the washing and sanitizer?
Why isn't the regular flu, which is killing far more than Corona Virus in the news?
Imagine dying from an overseas virus and you don’t even have a passport
SXSW has been canceled but we gonna make up for it!! STAY TUNED I WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED BABIES @corona virus yah moms a hoe 
This video is from yesterday, #Vietnam #HoChiMinhCity. Live #cats are watching horrified their brothers and sisters being slaughtered and gutted. The sensitive cats...poor babies. What about the hygiene? The #virus problems have not reached their ears? #COVID19 @WHO 
A virus can kill, but so can blowhards, writes @NickKristof, who says that happened in a previous health crisis to those who listened to Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck and Donald 
Terrific reconstruct by a stellar NYT team about the war inside the government about what to tell the public about a deadly virus 
Hmm I disagree I think. If virus panic was more instant, and max quarantine was implemented right away, we'd rid the world of it before it had wings. Now we have to wait two years, lose 10s of 1000s of elderly and  lives (minimum) and all get another vaccine
All of the corrupt Dems are beginning to look like DEATH. THE CORRUPTION VIRUS! 
“The heat, generally speaking, kills this kind of virus,” Trump said in the State Dining Room. “A lot of people think that goes away in April as the  in,” Trump said without explaining further.  … 2/
flights r so cheap rn fuck a corona virus wtm for spring break
There are dozens more reasons directly related to biological attributes of the virus itself, but I see far less recognition of the role of our unprecedentedly globalized world.
COVID-19 MAP TRACKS VIRUS More than 310 cases in 28 states with 17 deaths. If you listen to The President, you are putting your life at risk. @cdc @hhs #facts #health  …
People are losing their minds and their humanity over this virus...brawling like Vikings over toilet paper SMH  …
It’s so sad to see Italy, my country, suffering so much, struggling to limit the #COVID19 epidemics. Doctors and nurses are doing their best, but now every single person should try to avoid further spread of the virus: please wash your hands and stay home whenever possible!
Do you ever think about how vaccines are virus definition updates
A reminder: if you have a cold, flu, COVID-19, etc. you are not obliged to attend Sunday Mass. In fact, if sick with a virus, it is probably better to stay home & watch the TV Mass so you don't accidentally infect others.
Don't get a flu shot now!! "Vaccine derived virus interference was significantly associated with coronavirus" unless you want to take corona virus head-on..  …
most concerning developments? Tingle says information. “The virus has jumped the agar into  she says, and the government needs to put out information about spread and protocols. And the government is *doing a good job* at that? interrupts Speers. #Insiders
The CoronaVirus was started in China and the vast majority of the deaths occurred there as well. Yet the New York Times says it's the "Trump Virus" and Fake News Media outlets continue to blame our President for the virus. INSANE. These 'journalists' are the enemy of America!
The sketch was "Every Stand-up Comedian Right Now" where I play  who tells the most obvious and boring coronavirus jokes. I scrapped it because a) it was only "funny" in a meta way, not a laugh-out-loud way, and b) some ppl would think I was making light of the virus
All I'm saying is I prefer the DosEquis virus.
economy economy economy. Targeted, measured and scaleable. Liberal Party talking points, Liberal Party framing. Insufficient focus on public health and virus spread #Insiders
You're going to have to simultaneously hold these two truths: 1) The likely risk to you, personally, of death is probably fairly low. 2) This disease is a virus that makes folks pretty sick, and kills people, and has the potential to cause a lot of strain on the health system.
Don’t know more about Corona virus than the average internet citizen. Don’t have any wild speculations around it’s short or long term impacts. Have been  to focus on strong fundamentals and financial independence for years. Thats it. That’s my memo.
montage: clips of prime ministerial lies about his government’s preparedness and response to corona virus and toilet paper jokes #Insiders
#SawTrap131 was supposed to drop yesterday/today. Unfortunately one of the editors is quarantined for 2 weeks in a hospital, because he have gotten the corona virus. Trap will be delayed a couple of days.
Trump's threat to deny green cards to immigrants who use social safety net programs endangers all Americans in the time of the coronavirus by discouraging people who live in the US from receiving needed medical care. The virus doesn't respect xenophobia.  
Ramadan is just a month away Insha'Allah we all survive from the virus that is spreading and live to see Ramadan. I'm acc in need of the vibes from this blessed month
coronavirus hit italy hard because all the animated hand gestures fling the virus around
I hope the US can learn from South Korea's example in fighting the virus without severe restrictions on liberty, but in abundant, early testing to catch the virus quickly, begin treatment, and reduce death rates.  …
Dem Congress: Here. Here's 3 times the amount of money you asked for to beat the virus. @seanhannity: The Dems can't even agree to work with Trump to stop the virus.  …
Two COVID-19 patients in Florida have died, officials say. One lived in the district of Rep. Matt Gaetz, who drew criticism from colleagues for "making light" of the virus when he wore a gas mask to a House floor vote on measures  the epidemic. 
Thread. Expert, inside analysis of U.S. failure on Corona virus response.  …
“I am a first responder in WA. I did a ride-along with my buddy last night who is a cop in WA. I have never seen this form. I asked him if he has received any information on the virus and he said he has received nothing. Neither of us have been given N95 masks.” - 
Through Ignorance, Trump Lost Control of the Coronavirus: Trump officials delayed coronavirus epidemic plans because he thought it was an overseas problem: "Trump... seemed disinterested as long as the virus was abroad....he downplayed the threat.”  …
If the world survives the Corona Virus... I think Skid Row with Sebastian Bach and a properly reunited Cinderella - should treat us to a co-headline tour and new albums from each band... Only seems fair. The Survival Tour! 
. @hqspider is this a virus or are you just hooking me up with a lovely fun fact? Either way happy birthday to Lana the Llamacorn! 
I hope the virus sees this bro
What if the virus is forced to listen to Juan Williams? Will it die instantaneously?  …
And please, I have said this so often, running water and soap is what is required (happy birthday twice) the water does not need to be warm or scalding your skin, because to do any harm to a virus it would be too hot for human skin!
It seems like people are in one of two camps, either the virus is just a mild flu, or it’s going to kill you. The reality is both are kind of true, depending on who you are, and it would be nice if people did as much as possible to prevent it spreading to those at high risk.
What’s the current death total from fear of the virus, Mr. Math?  …
The virus seems to be getting much worse. They just changed the expression from "ok boomer" to "bye bye boomer."
when are niggas gonna make a virus that you lose all ur winter fat in a week but you still live???
I did go out and get milk and bread for my neighbours who are in their 90's, I don't want them going anywhere whist this virus is around... I will be fine, so with my children & wife, but if you have elderly folk who are close do check on them. Also stop panic buying ffs.
I trust him. Siegel is smart and from a great hospital. Dr. Siegel also thinks that the virus might die out in the warmer weather that's ahead. Let's all hope for a little extra global warming this year.
"More people die of the flu," say people who are really lacking in general intelligence. It's because up til now more people have HAD the flu. Because this virus is NEW. But it is growing. You probably won't be able to say "more people have died of the flu" a year from now.
(To be clear, this is both monstrous and incredibly stupid, given what we know and don't know about how the virus propagates. I'd call it Trumpian, except that Trump typically just bloviates about this stuff, he doesn't actually implement it.)
THE GIRLS THAT WEAR DIRTY WHITE AIR FORCES ARE THE ONES SPREADING THE CORONA VIRUS
My son Humberto is out of quarantine The doctor said “poggers” and he is virus free!  …
Me patiently waiting for school to be shut down cause of the virus 
I posted this on my IG stories last week but I was in an Uber & the driver said his wife told him not to pick up any Asian passengers & I said “Ya know, the virus is strong in Italy but shocking how she didn’t tell you not to pick up any white folks.”
#MMTPOSTPONETHETOUR The truth is you don't care about the artist and about the people, you only care about Money. Please, if you understand the situation, postpone the tour. We can't have more people positive to the virus. You have to save Ateez and people.
This is all Trump's fault that this virus is running amuk. This says that Trump downplayed the coronavirus some 10 times!! He's criminally liable! Squandered time: How the Trump administration lost control of the coronavirus crisis  …
Can someone explain why people are bulk buying loo role to fend off a virus that attacks the respiratory system
This story of how the coronavirus test kits were needlessly delayed giving the virus a head start is a cautionary tale of why centralized bureaucracies don’t work.  …
New York AG orders televangelist to stop selling fake virus treatment  …
HATE ON THE VIRUS NOT ON THE ACTORS CHOOSING NOT TO STAGE DOOR
(Some) reports from China saying they have the virus under control.... Don’t you wish the Fear Mongering Media could control themselves too?
EXPRESS: 24 hour food aid for virus hotspots 
I think it’s the public’s lack of confidence in the information that is being disseminated by Trump/his Administration that is creating panic and fear. That being said, I’m not sure Gov. Cuomo can state that the virus is not actually worse, unless he knows something we don’t.
This virus is really scaring the shit out of people.  …
Israeli PM Netanyahu, saying coronavirus "is not afflicting children or young people, thank G-d," plans to mobilize youth groups and schoolkids to disinfect public spaces to protect against the virus.  …
OBSERVER: Virus threat: emergency law to boost NHS volunteers 
I really don't understand Trump/GOP game plan on Corona virus. They keep saying it's contained, but they have to know that lie's gonna fall apart fast & then THERE WILL BE A BACKLASH. Why set themselves up for that?
‘If I catch the coronavirus I’m screwed. Gig economy workers can’t afford to be ill’ Those self-isolating may end up relying on Deliveroo riders, the self-employed do not get sick pay, they will be likely to carry on working even if they get the virus  …
Fairly soon we will have to quarantine almost everyone in the country or we  to our senses and realize that this is a simple virus with a death rate similar to the flu. As more people are shown to be infected, the policy of quarantining everyone will  impossible.
you better get some better editor. The way he was trying to refer c*rona virus with *Chinese* people and then put the photo of *Korean* band. I'm not just talking about this matter. I've seen many Pakistani people tyrna act cool by making memes on corona with the ref of asian ppl
His extreme narcissism does not allow for failure. The virus crisis, spread, increased attention, would be perceived as a DT failure. No failure first, mortality second w/narcissists.
"Leo's getting ready for his flight on Monday. He maybe the last dog flying out during the #virus spread. Thankyou auntie Jiwon for grooming him. Leo, your mom is flying to Seattle all the way from Denver just for you" #SouthKorea #DogMeatTrade  
Wonderful #MAGA supporters-I'm with you! The last straw-Coronavirus or whatever the lying libtards call it IS A #Hoax!! It doesn't exist! We'll prove it. Everyone, meet up in huge groups in small spaces, don't wash ur hands, keep touching ur face, visit alleged "virus" wards. RT!
how the VIRUS could have gotten out of the CHINESE GERM WARFARE LAB-"technicians in Chinese germ warfare labs ... known to Illegally smuggle infected animals (tagged for destruction) into the wild animal market to make side money. or, simple contamination of a worker. "
For any biologists interested, here is a link to #COVID19 specific primers to make DYI testing protocol for the virus (following all laws/regulations etc etc)  …
someone said weed is the cure to the corona virus
Roughly half of republican voters say virus is not an imminent threat. POLL: Trump’s Flagrant Coronavirus Lies Are Turning His Supporters Into Carriers  …
If the corona virus came from coffee, I'd still drink it.
SRK after getting infected by corona virus 
Wrote a blog post about the virus that I hope you'll read, particularly if you still believe that the virus ain't that big a deal  …
Buy Trump brand testing kits... guaranteed to test negative for Corona virus no matter what.
I’m less concerned about the virus itself and tremendously more concerned about the reactions to it and what this means for both those at most in need of healthcare and healthcare workers; the level of selfishness at play only puts others at risk and disadvantage
Well..Here in Italy, journalists just got a draft of the new measures (to be confirmed tonight) our government is going to adopt until April 3: no one can enter or leave Lombardia (me and 10mil people live here). Reasons: if the virus spreads, the healthcare system could collapse
I’ve been walking around immune to the corona virus without even knowing  …
Trump claims he had no idea people die of influenza despite his grandfather dying from the virus  …
Poor honeybun is terrified of the coronavirus. I suggested she get Lysol since it specifically says it kills the virus.  …
Influenza vs #COVID19: Influenza: Children are important drivers of influenza virus transmission in  COVID-19: Initial data indicates that children are less affected than adults & that clinical attack rates in the 0-19 age group are low 
When WHO named novel coronavirus as COVID-19 on Feb 11, it was aimed to avoid stigmatization, by not mention a geographical place, an animal or group of people. But at press briefing Mar 4, Mike Pompeo still called it “Wuhan virus”. What it tells us about his low qualification?
"The number one problem is hysteria and fear, as opposed to the virus," @NYGovCuomo told me on @MSNBC. "Right now, the fear and the panic are worse than the #coronavirus." #COVID19
As for  and going day-by-day, we’re simply told they’re following infection control protocol. “We’ve learned that the virus is volatile, unpredictable.” Patients have gone from showing no symptoms to being rushed to the hospital in an hour #KOMONews
I do not understand this toilet paper rush just wash your ass if you're stuck at home cos of the Corona virus... You should be washing your ass anyway...
Remember you do not need hot water, as the water would need to be so hot that it would burn your skin to do any damage to a virus, running water and soap, if you don't believe me, google science, James obviously didn't  …
Pro China now pro everybody catching Corona Virus. *corona is a fraud  …
The rising numbers of COVID fatalities are very real for us, as one of them is one of ours. I urge you to take precautions and get prepared. Wash your hands, don’t go out in public while sick, and reach out to your doctor (by phone) if you think you might have the virus.
Y’all see Corona virus updates I see CHEAP airline tickets
I’ve determined that Coronavirus doesn’t sound black enough to get the Republicans to take it seriously. But it’s a close thing. If we were fighting “Africanized Coronavirus,” we’d be preparing appropriately. But if it was Tyrone’s Virus they’d be ready to nuke Seattle.
My advice to my American friends: please stay home and avoid social occasions. I know it is a sacrifice but it is necessary to contain the spreading of the virus. I am in Lombardi so I am speaking from experience. If you want not to get to the point we are at now, stay home.
As I speak to people around the world like Europe and Asia, I think Americans have still underestimated the disruption this virus could and probably will cause. We are just starting to see real panic buying of supplies. Hope we get good news soon. Because most did not prepare.
Other symptoms of corona virus include believing that Kaizer Chiefs will win the league. -Dept. Of Health Confirms. #Absaprem #Amakhosi4Life 
Influenza: Pre-symptomatic transmission, or potentially transmission of the virus before the appearance of symptoms – is a major driver of transmission alone. #COVID19: Transmission prior to symptom onset, at present, does not appear to be a major driver of 
If you guys ever used that restroom by the parking lot before crossing into mex you guys are immune to the corona virus
Low key I think the corona virus is big business an scare tactics
And forget about the nonsense some not so clever people put out, hot water is NOT essential, the temperature required to kill a virus would be burning your skin, it's running water and soap that works
This is important info. If you've been following closely you'll know we've been raising the alarm on the so called 'fecal-oral' transmission route for #coronavirus. Basically the virus can infect your gastro-intestinal system, in addition to your respiratory system. See below..  …
The reason people are not listening is simple - it is not being covered properly. Only medical experts should be talking about the virus, risks and health measures. Instead we get pundits, politicians or other individuals without medical training.  …
I don't know who needs to hear this. But the Canadian government is doing the right thing by having the boarders open. This will prevent people from sneaking in illegally. This way they can be monitored and won't be afraid to get tested or seek help if they contracted the virus.
everyones worried about the corona virus but i’m more worried about catching feelings... phEW that stuff hurts
Right now, a mask is a social signal that *you might have* the virus, and so everyone is avoiding it. It's actively weird in US mainstream culture - unlike in East Asia where mask wearing in winter is normal anyway.
Did The Morning Show kind of predict the Corona Virus... I- 
Who would ever thought Donald Trump is going to be brought down by a virus  …
I ain't f#%kin with your dirtay, dirtay, dirtay virus  …
All those people stockpiling bottles upon bottles of hand soaps and sanitisers are idiots, they realise in order for them to not catch the virus they also must rely on others washing their hands BUT WE CANT DO THAT WHEN YOU HAVE 20 BOTTLES IN YOUR CUPBOARD KAREN
People wonder where all the fear-mongering  from, just look at this trash. Starts off with "don't needlessly cause panic" and ends with "you are being lied to, this is a super virus, and if you aren't rich you're going to die". Top notch "journalism".  …
If there was no such case,how then did they get the virus sequence? Go and sleep abeg
Minus the horrific virus spreading across the country, everyone cancelling dinners and events and plans and conferences is honestly a  true
Another ignorant Republican, @SenatorCollins, who has no idea how epidemics spread, shaking hands against all medical experts pleas, making sure she has the best chance of giving her constituents a virus almost as deadly as the one she kept in office. 
The virus is the left's new "collusion". Their great hope for 2020.
I detest the concentration camps with all my heart, but this is the worst take on coronavirus. You can care about two things at once, and being worried about an actual virus doesn’t take away from anything. Please ignore the quoted tweet and wash your hands.  …
Dr W Ian Lipkin advises how we can best protect ourselves from coronavirus Please watch this interview, he's a virus expert He's been advocating for changes since 2003 to stop wildlife trafficking trade Which is suspected was the cause of coronavirus 
Due to the recent situation with the Corona virus, @YohIchi_N will be postponing his visit to the gallery until the summer (specific date TBD). Although the workshop is postponed and he will not be attending the reception, his art work will still be on display/for sale on 
**Groups of women & children enter the country for asylum** GOP: OMG MASS HYSTERIA. LOCK THEM IN CAGES. TAKE AWAY THEIR CHILDREN. CLOSE THE BORDERS. BUILD A WALL. THEY'LL KILL US ALL!!! **Actual deadly virus that's killed thousands enters country** GOP: Meh.
“Trump is in danger of losing his presidency because when the great test came, in the form of a virus carried by global trade routes from Communist China, he didn’t take the danger seriously enough.” ⁦~  …
Just the fact that Tito’s Vodka had to make an OFFICIAL STATEMENT saying their product is not a suitable hand-sanitizer... is PROOF that mental health is a bigger issue than corona virus. Wash your hands. And don’t waste the Tito’s.
Perks of corona virus: Flights are stupid cheap and it’s costing me basically nothing to travel Cons but kind of a perk???: Death
Telling the designers to wait a week before starting on my Dr*g C*n lewks cause all these conventions and festivals are cancelling for the Corona Virus... 
A novel about a virus that kills a lot of people finally released in audiobook just as COVID-19 takes off in the US. A coincidence?? I can tell you two things. 1. The people of Jeep would have elected @ewarren president in a heartbeat. 2. @GabraZackman is a fab  …
Or to put it more tersely, you can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can’t fool a virus any of the time.
Consider the Corona Virus defeated...  …
I fucking love that Melania is working on renovating the White House tennis courts while this virus is killing Americans. It’s so on the nose you can’t even call it a metaphor.
the virus is not actually as bad as the media says it to be and I hate it how they and governments cause too much panic, closing borders isn't much of a help either but hey let's still fcking do it and stop the world.
I had this virus back in the 90's. So did my daughter. My cat had it, which is where we got it. (No joke). Both of us very high risk.We did lose a lot of weight that took a long time to put back on. It disappeared suddenly. It took two weeks, but then was  Be safe  …
The media is more toxic than the actual virus
ICYMI the economic impacts of this virus are real>> #Amtrak to cancel nonstop DC to NY Acela service amidst coronavirus  …
The fear of the coronavirus is likely to be as or more destructive than the virus itself.
Are joking now? Hard to tell when you're wearing a mask and mocking a deadly virus like you did here...  …
“See you in Italy soon” I’m basically crying oh my god, she basically said AGAIN that  back here for AWC (after this freaking virus of course) that’s all I was hoping for I’M SO HAPPYYYYYYY RIGHT NOW!!!! 
They even predicted the Corona Virus 
Guess who immune to the corona virus  
We now have a COVID doctor on call, COVID Nurse on call, COVID Base, COVID phone, COVID email....we didn't know this virus existed a couple of months back! #Coronavirus #COVID_2019
i was doing wuzu in college today and the teacher walked in and said “is this for corona virus” ,@,&,”,@,@my whole foot in the sink and everything too
if you postpone the tour maybe the virus willl be gone, jongho can heal properly and the arenas can be full of fans, we want these concerts to be happy memories so please postpone the tour @_mymusictaste
The terrorist regime of the Islamic Republic is the greatest threat to humanity, they have turned the deadly corona virus into a biological weapon to threaten the people of the world, the mullahs no longer need nuclear weapons because they have the corona #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
I never saw the Simpsons, but I saw that they predicted  down the escalator, announce he was running for President and winning. Now the Wuhan Corona virus in 1993? What do they know and how do they know it? Time travel? 
“Prayers were answered!” An ATL couple is back home after testing positive for coronavirus on the Diamond Princess Cruise ship last month. To be clear, test results show they are negative for the virus. They got back home on Thurs. Their story at 6pm. 
Magaalada uu ka soo bilowday corona virus waxa loo yaqana WUHAN, waxaana lagu micneyay sida tan. W= Wash your hands U= Use face mask H= Have tempreture checked regularly A= Avoid large croud N= Never touch your face with unclean hands. Soo gaabis fiican oo lagu xasuusan karo
Do people understand that this virus does not attack the digestive system or cause diarrhoea?  …
Husband works in a pharmacy. Reports none of the customers have even asked about the virus. From our circle anyway, Georgians are not panicking about the virus. They are, however, ticked off that it's cold here. They have low tolerance for  weather.
"the Trump administration’s attempts to forestall an outbreak of a virus spreading rapidly across the globe was marked by a raging internal debate about how far to go in telling Americans the truth."  …
I just swallowed a Norton Anti-virus CD. I'm good now.
bro dont move here we got corona virus LMAOO  …
Pope to deliver Sunday prayer by livestream due to virus 
@realDonaldTrump is Sending 160 Troops to CA Border After Court Ruling. This will help keep large groups of illegal immigrants, that may be infected with the Corona Virus, from Crossing the US Border  … #Newsmax via @Newsmax
Trump is practicing playing his new fiddle on Melania's new tennis court while the corona virus burns. #BeBest
2009 wasn't that long ago. But a lot has changed in how issues like this are addressed and this virus showed up in an incredibly polarized time. People trying to use the crisis for their own political ends directly leads to countermeasures. It has gotten ugly.
Are you still ridiculing the dangers of this virus, Congressman?
Use the Corona virus to your advantage. Start unapologetically canceling plans as if it was your one genie wish!
Claire, Swine Flu killed just under 13,000 Americans in 2009/2010. More than 100,000 Americans contracted it. Even at the HEIGHT of the Swine Flu episode, I saw nothing even close to the coverage this new virus has gotten. Coverage of this is incredibly politicized.
I was gonna tweet about the govt. being so fucked up, not protecting its citizens from the virus so y’all should boycott everything and stay home. But then I remembered that the govt. is so fucked up you would risk your livelihood trying to protect yourself. So, I’ve got nothing.
“With special features like counting your breaths per minute and tracking the virus as they enter and infect your immune system!” 
What if there were a virus guaranteed to kill a million US unborn this year. Would Democrats share the same concern they do for COVID-19? Or would they throw a little party?
Other countries were testing people for the COVID-19 virus early and without limitations.The U.S. delayed & limited testing & had a confused group of idiots running the show. So now cases here are guaranteed to increase exponentially. Thanks idiot Trump.  …
What is particularly shameful, and potentially deadly, is @realDonaldTrump intentionally used artificially deflated numbers based on lack of testing to publicly minimize the #CoronavirusOutbreak. All while the virus was spreading undetected across the US. 378 cases now & 19 dead.  …
If I get corona virus I’m gunna wank me self silly  …
Coronavirus Hotline: +27 80 002 9999 Please use this hotline if you display any symptoms of the virus, don’t go to your Doctor and infect him/her and everybody in the waiting room. Share this number with everyone you know as well as your household staff 
Sen. Blumenthal live right now on @News12CT is ripping the federal response to the coronavirus as a doctor at Bridgeport Hospital is confirmed to have the virus.
Pay me $20 and I promise you you will not get the corona virus. If you do I will refund you. Maybe.
For the first time in more than a century, the world has chosen to confront a new and terrifying virus with the iron fist. For a while, at least, Donald McNeil writes in @NYTOpinion, t's worked. 
This virus is getting cocky 
A smaller venue will stop the virus?? 
sure because corona virus doesn’t spread in arenas
The virus once again illustrating the validity of the topwit-dimwit alliance thesis - both hedge fund managers & new age moms are taking decisive action, prepping. Midwits scoff at risk, repeat demented "but muh flu" talking points, confuse absence of evidence...etc.
It seems in all the chaos and confusion from a virus that kills less than snake bites people seem to have forgotten all about the rich group of pedophiles in media and biotech that visited Epstein island
Controversial idea: A 3 week worldwide quarantine might be the only way to still contain the virus. Give people 5 days to prepare. It will be very expensive, but not doing anything drastic now would likely be much more expensive (and deadly!). China did it and there it worked.
I’m actually grateful for the Corona virus. People washing their hands again, transit busses and trains finally being cleaned, restaurants cleaning again. Imagine that...it took a pandemic for the slobs of this country to start doing what was a normal practice into the late 70s
Bleach, 70% isopropyl alcohol & lysol kill the virus. Hydrogen peroxide & vinegar weaken the viral capsule but do not kill it per WHO.
How? If it would be because of the virus they would cancelled it all together. Changing the size of the venue won't change anything about the corona... someone is trying really hard to excuse low sales
So Allah killed 3,500 people and infected tens of thousands of others with a super virus just so he can show off?  …
Stay outside and you are afraid of Corona virus. Stay at work and you are afraid of ‘Target pura Carona’. Stay at home and you are afraid of ‘Yeh Carona, Woh Carona’. Life surely is difficult !
The Rothschild Virus Blood poisoning- They control money: government credit and the banking system.  
if i get the corona virus i want it with a lime & salt on the rim
My mother has been tested for corona virus, she wants me to tell you the lab is backed up and it could take five days for results and it is malpractice.
I’m extremely frustrated with @hotelsdotcom over their inability to refund my booking or credit me for another after the corona virus pandemic has forced me into a cancellation. After two attempts to settle the matter I’ve been met with truly apathetic customer service. Angering!
If you’re getting all the water and toilet paper at Costco stop being a little pussy you aren’t going to get the corona virus
I survived 8 years of Obama. Don't talk to me about your fucking pissy little chinese virus.
Plus these masks aren’t even the right ones. You need the N95+ ones, and have them fitted to your face, to keep the corona virus out. NOT TO MENTION that doesn’t help if you touch something and then touch your eye or scratch your nose before washing your hands.
"on all counts the WH has been failing...he is in danger of losing his presidency because when the great test came, in the form of a virus carried by global trade routes from Communist China, he didn’t take the danger seriously enough."  …
Me explaining to my kids how I survived corona virus 
If you’ve partied in Charleston you’re immune to the corona virus
@realDonaldTrump policies on taxes and regulations and trade and oil have boosted the trajectory of the economy. It will withstand a temporary virus. Long-Term investors need to stop panicking and get back into the stock market. 
Someone should make a corona beer joke about the virus.
Why were the WHO kits refused?? This decision alone set us back months in containing this Virus!!!  …
Ab ye Corona Virus ka caller tune. So irritating. Life mei yahi baki tha. As you call: a man coughing and... If a guy is calling his GF, usse first yahi lagega ki uske father ne call receive kiya... (the coughing sound)
I've heard people say that Trump will 'weaponise' the virus (presumably to bring in authoritarian measures, etc) I think the opposite. Current strategy seems to be to let the virus run its course, while hiding the numbers from the public as it unfolds  …
This is useful if for no other reason than it offers some benchmarks that we can use in order to determine whether the virus is better or worse than expected.  …
Corona virus been real quiet since Eternal Atake
Virus outbreak brings more disruption to global sports, with games canceled or played without spectators and news of a possible quarantine for some athletes. by 
the usa population is around 331 million, theres like a little over 300 confirmed cases of the virus in the US...sooo all this freaking out is about something .00000114% of the population have. in the time it took you to read this, like 300 people got ghonorrea. priorities
We,Iranian ppl are hostages of the Islamic Republic's terrorist and dictatorial regime One day they kill us with a bullet in the street One day with a missile fired into a passenger plane One day with a deliberate outbreak of the virus in the country 
A slide in a leaked presentation for US hospitals reveals that they're preparing for millions of hospitalizations as the outbreak unfolds: Keep in mind that this is NOT the "media hyping" this virus; these are the experts' predictions  … via @businessinsider
The President recalls that the organization had in the past donated N1 billion to tackle Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) in  such public spiritedness to other well-to-do individuals and groups.
China is disinfecting entire cities to fight Corona virus... #coronavirus 
the corona virus is really showing everyone’s true colors of ignorance.. i was grocery shopping and i was shot so many dirty looks and the lady at self checkout wouldn’t even talk or help me when i had an issue checking out.. lmfao
Corona virus is a very serious threat and might push the world towards a total lockdown until someone finds a cure for it. We should be prepared for all eventualities. The good news is that @zfrmrza and @sayedzbukhari are sparing no effort in keeping the situation under control.
What if this Virus was released to make everyone buy things they don’t need and boost sales for products we normally don’t buy 
A lot of people treat the coronavirus fatality statistic like an immutable fact of the virus--and thus a thing to be *discovered*--rather than the aggregate effect of a variety of institutional and governmental public health decisions (and thus a thing to be changed)
TEGAN: Doctor, what on Earth are you wearing? DOCTOR: According to the TARDIS, this is 2020 and a new virus called Covid-19 is rapidly spreading around your planet. TEGAN: That's terrible! Do you have any protective suits for Turlough and I? DOCTOR: Braveheart, Tegan. 
Corona Virus Flight deals >>> Black Friday
This is pathetic. The virus is in most of our major cities and we’ve done less than 6,000 tests?  …
If you favor taxing billionaires more, that means you want to transfer resources from @BillGates, who is revolutionizing philanthropy and saw #COVID19 threat years ago, to the US govt, who have disastrously bungled our response to the virus. Here's why that's wrong.  …
a terrifying line I heard from an epidemiologist - this virus has both high infectiousness and lethality. it's rare to have both in tandem.
And masks are not viewed as particularly effective in avoiding virus either  …
People have been buying up items bc of the virus.. So my daily medical supplies were sold out online & I had to pay a 3rd party a ridiculous amount this month. Would you pls RT my art? Hope to get new customers Link:  
Bats, snakes, or pangolins - which animals transmitted the #coronavirus to humans? Danielle Anderson, a virus hunter, tells @RichardEngel she is "90 percent certain" it originated in bats. #OnAssignmentMSNBC 
Flotits: “I, me was terrific tennis player! I hav Alberts tennis racket. He give to me when I, me get Einstein Virus, doh I’d mean Visa”  …
After two AIPAC attendees were diagnosed with COVID-19, a host of leading politicians from both parties were exposed to the virus, leading to worries about an outbreak in Washington DC.  …
It’s just so typical human nature. Incurable virus threatens people, humans decide to blame other humans they do not know for their hand-washing. Lol the same way when we lose something we firstly assume it must be stolen. GOOFY SHIT
If this were a dem prez, evangelicals would have been declaring the virus as God's way to get him kicked out. Since they aren't gonna do it, guess I'll have to.
I personally love Waitrose, and I’m as poor as a proverbial church mouse. They sell the best white Burgundy I’ve ever tasted and their fresh crab meat is worth contracting a novel flu virus for.  …
Unlike greenhouse gasses & hackers, corona virus carriers can be stopped by borders, quarantines, & other perfectly effective nationalist measures. Your position is simply a nomad's preference for porous borders disguised as fake inevitability.  …
Trump is not OK with Pence and his relationship with the Governor of Wash State. The largest outbreak of the Virus, and Trump is more worried about the relationship than the poor people of Washington State. What a President! #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 @wtp__2020  …
My mom don’t give a fuck about corona virus in madera i still gotta go to school on Monday
@duckybhai called @BTS_twt 'Corona Virus' No one is allowed to disrespect BTS and he should apologize @bangtantinyboys @Gemini14095502 @lzyhmd1 @meemtah @ShafiaAmjad @mohsinaa__ @Seangmyeong55 @BTSupdatesinfo @personafy02 
The dominos are settling in: - The virus stunts global business and leisure travel - Global imports/exports slow in an already weak environment - This shrinks already low demand for oil globally, producers go bust - Less people go out due to less available  = Recession
Is the Corona Virus legally allowed to attack you? 
imagine your ego being so large that you don’t take a virus that can kill the elderly + immuno-suppressed seriously.
The Coronavirus went to Far Rockaway? Oh this virus is type gangsta.
"at least I won't get the corona virus"  
This has been flying around Twitter the last 24 hours and I cannot say enough how foolish and wrong it is. It is the stupidest kind of math. The virus doesn’t adapt. We do. New cases have fallen by a factor of 30 in China in the last month. You read that right. Not risen. FALLEN.  …
BREAKING: Death Grips fans are officially immune against the corona virus.  …
gamers watching everyone panic about the corona virus while we’re chilling cause we don’t go outside 
it costs nothing to follow news and health reporters from China, South Korea, Japan and Italy who are covering COVID-19 and providing context and updates on how the virus spreads in  effective testing methods and best practices for managing quarantines
We used to have a high rate of LLL titans now I can't even count 10 titans that have not been infected with the werey virus since @fashionpoliceAF started handling tags. Babe you a mood tho Btw how many tanks of tears did we get today??? 
The world must hear our defenseless Iranian people, not the lies of the mullahs' terrorist government. Tomorrow may be too late. Unlike all countries, the mullahs deliberately spread the Corona virus in Iran. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
“I am very sorry to have to cancel your assistance at the fair next week.. fairly or not, Asians are being seen as carriers of the virus.”  …
My latest scheme to prevent exposure to Virus, I've decided to hoard tremendous reserves of disinfectant, preventing large sections of  from limiting their own contact with the virus, thereby guaranteeing my own-- uhh.. (counting on fingers) wait
In a sane country it’d be unacceptable for the president to cool his heels at a resort he still owns and profits from while his government flails to contain the spread of a deadly virus
China took drastic measures to slow the spread of the virus.
CDC: where do you think you contracted the virus? Patient: Costco, with everyone else, but I just love the samples.
You wore a gas mask to mock the virus, on the floor of the House of Representatives, you need to be censured and brought up before the 
makes zero sense at all to think downsizing from a stadium to an arena helps with the virus a crowd is a crowd and ppl jus gon b sitting closer like
Trump squandered time & lost control of the coronavirus crisis. “Public health officials are warning that no one knows how deeply the virus will spread due to gov’t flawed rollout of tests has snowballed into an embarrassing fiasco of national proportions” 
Donald Trump, • Tell us the difference between a virus and bacteria. • Recite for me the basics of the Carbon cycle. • What is the 'Scientific Method'. • Define for us the difference between an atom and a molecule. Sincerely, Any sixth-grade science student  …
In the midst of a Coronavirus pandemic, Melania trump is upgrading a Tennis Court as a personal project. People rightfully criticized her because it shows she’s doesn’t give a shit. She’s now telling her critics to Be Best whilst her disgusting husband allows a virus to spread.
Due to corona virus fears the NHL will take drastic steps to ensure public safety. They will incinerate Tom Wilson today.
Protect yourself from the virus. Get a #MAGA mask today! ‘SNL': Mike Pence takes on coronavirus with 'MAGA' face masks; Democratic contenders object  … via @usatoday
For what it's worth Steven, SARS-COV2 is an encapsulated virus and any hand sanitizer made of 70% alcohol (most of them) will kill it. That being said, but what you will use. Don't hoard hands sanitizer, that doesn't make you any safer.
Feel like I found the prime suspect of Corona virus spreaders. This wild lmao.  …
For anyone interested in tracking the corona virus cases in Florida  … #COVID19 #Floridacoronavirus
As South Korea has scrambled to contain a surge of infections that has topped 6,700 and killed 44 in recent weeks, the virus has in particular seeped into the spaces where society’s most frail are gathered or institutionalized.  …
if my baby get corona virus then ive got it too it's called a virUS for a reason  …
THIS is what you fight for right now? Health care? Virus? Gun deaths? No.. the goddamn daylight savings.
Hmm.. My own #SaturdayThoughts are more in line w/the two COVID-19 deaths in Florida and the dozens of people who are either diagnosed or presumptively diagnosed with this virus, and with a ship off our shore carrying dozens of others who've been diagnosed.  …
How many people are to be killed to wake up the world ? The corrupted Regime of Mafia is intentionally killing people by preventing them from accessing to basic hygiene needs against corona-virus, still they can find masks .. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
What are the odds? Sheikholeslam, the sixth politician or government official to be killed by the virus in Iran  …
i’m about to sound like a broken record here but if he or his management truly cared about the virus, they wouldn’t have moved the shows to smaller/more contained venues. 
it really took a whole virus for mfs to get clean  …
Bro why the FUCK is the Corona Virus in my city??? WE DONT GOT SHIT FOR YOU 
-corona virus taking over the world -graduation party might get cancelled -government might give us a month-long vacation -I’m gonna fail all my classes Me: 
3. "WHO calls on all countries to continue efforts that have been effective in limiting the number of cases and slowing the spread of the virus...Allowing uncontrolled spread should not be a choice of any government…"
There really should be a crash project to replicate whether far-UVC works to inactivate the virus. If so, Uber/Lyft/Tesla/Amazon  with autonomous vehicles. Install a set of far-UVC lights in each car. Light them up between trips to sanitize the vehicle.  …
2. "Every effort to contain the virus and slow the spread saves lives. These efforts give health systems and all of society much needed time to prepare, and researchers more time to identify effective treatments and develop vaccines."
“Everyone’s going to get it anyway.” The point is not to *stop* or contain the virus. It is to slow it down. Every healthcare system has its limits on capacity. Once over capacity, more people die. If we can slow the spread, the system may not get overwhelmed. 
1. "China and other countries are demonstrating that spread of the virus can be slowed” by working to "identify people who are sick, bringing them to care, following up on contacts, preparing hospitals and clinics to manage a surge in patients, and training health workers."
Mullahs are more dangerous than this Virus. Devilish Islamic Regime is the only reason of this deadly outbreak in Iran. 
If you’ve ever been hung over beyond belief and went to chug water out of a water bottle, only to find out it it’s actually vodka you’re immune to the corona virus
Today’s Playlist: 1. Spreading the Disease @Anthrax 2. Sick as a Dog @Aerosmith 3.Touch Me I'm Sick @mudhoney 4. Virus @IronMaiden 5. Rockin' Pneumonia And The Boogie Woogie Flu - Johnny Rivers
me at my e gfs crib after copping a cheap plane ticket cuz of the corona virus 
Dubai airport is almost empty due to the fear of the Corona virus. #coronavirus 
Of course @realDonaldTrump is profiting from the virus. Why else would his reaction time be so slow? Brain dead doesn’t count.
Corona virus protection level 10.....it gets worse 
This is a membrane coated virus. Soap will destroy it.
In 1918, a strain of influenza virus originated in China and spread around the world. Politics and  lead to an epidemic. Sound familiar? (via 
Millions of people could infect others because they can't afford coronavirus tests and they can't afford to be in a quarantine* - and they will go to work possibly infected with the virus. *Majority of Americans, 49%, live paycheck to paycheck: First Nat. Bank of Omaha
Boomers who lick their lips before they turn pages are at maximum risk for corona virus
Them tickets wasn’t selling at all. How was corona virus gon get them if nobody there? 
I worry this will being the beginning of limiting access to media. The virus is a good reason to do it. But knowing the way professional sport is going, I can see this continuing after the virus is gone.  …
I bet Bezos will do well with everyone forced to rely on deliveries - even though he could have PERSONALLY stopped this virus by funding tests and supplies and care and planning.
We wld carefully think thru the infinite changes that are already inevitable and focus on minimizing the worst & slowing the curve of growth for this virus *before* it's too late. We would accept that students get a grade & credit for half a course & move on, but stay healthy.
Shanghai tightens airport checks as imported virus infections in China jump  
Oh my lord, coronavirus is claiming the lives of the most powerful in Iran. I RTed this video when Iranian parliament member Fatemah Rahbar avoided @AlinejadMasih questions. Today...the virus has claimed Rahbar’s life. Rest In Peace to her and all.  …
I see they calculate virus projections using the same methods with which they calculate global warming projections.  …
As the virus spreads, President Trump announced today that, unless it’s absolutely necessary, most people should just stay at their golf courses.
Current understanding is that the 1918 virus originated in Kansas. Just so y'all know.  …
if you drank water out the hose growing up, you're immune to the corona virus
fuck caron’s virus i got horner fever
The  every crime you think of in order to continue their shameful rule and to continue to terrorize the Middle East. They deliberately spread the #Corona virus into Iran and killed people in Iran. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Richest country in the world with absolutely abysmal public health infrastructure and highly militarized police… Let’s see how this virus plays out
Well the rest of my classes/exams are canceled for the quarter due to the virus, so definitely be expecting more streams from me over the next month!!
And the part NEVER reported on is the 94% that have recovered and been duscharged. It’s a big deal virus, I’m not denying that. But by omitting that number all reporters are amping up the fear severely worse and more damaging than necessary.
girl don’t tell me you actually believe this arenas have a higher risk than stadiums cause they have roofs lmao if it was cause of the corona virus he would’ve cancelled or postponed the whole tour
A question to my fellow Alaskans, because I’ve been seeing all kinds of stuff surrounding this. Are we a people who deny safe port to ships because they may be exposed to a virus? Or are we still a rugged people who find a way to offer help where we can? I dearly hope the latter.
just had to convince my dentist parents that going to the movies won’t give you corona virus, but working in people’s mouths will
I spoke to a friend who is a doctor in NY about Covid 19. The state is telling people not to go to a dr, or hospital if they suspect they have the virus. Instead they  that they call their dr.
Please hear our voice Voice of the Oppressed Nation of Iran: In Iran, which has been occupied by oppressive mullahs for many years, we have no means of dealing with the corona virus. Please find us 
If you think corona virus is somehow an Asian virus that is somehow genetic.... you’re low IQ and there is no hope for you.  …
You can hold my feet to the fire with this tweet in fact I want you to... I think eventually as this virus spreads in America a number of major cities will have to enforce some kind of lock down.
CORONA VIRUS DISEASE FACTSHEET 
the corona virus doesn’t give you a free pass to be racist. the fact that this happened at my school (bolsa grande high school), which happens to be a very diverse one, says a lot about how we can’t escape these  
This how Corona virus REALLY started 
With this order, the state will be able to help local health departments that are stressed by getting them all the tools they need to contain the virus spread.  …
The tump my Pitney would a get in her back would knock back any virus/bacteria back on the railing.  …
China lies about EVERYTHING. Oh, the Coronavirus exists but that's not what's prompting China's actions. China's up to something and is using the virus as a cover. What that 'something' is I don't know and for sure China won't tell me.  …
it doesn’t matter if you can afford good insurance if you’re being exposed to a virus that kills you by someone who can’t afford not to serve you coffee. we need medicare for all and paid sick leave now.  …
I agree, it's up to healthy people, younger people, to help to protect elderly people who are at a higher risk from this virus. Saying I'm alright jack is not only irresponsible it shows  lack  @piersmorgan everyone needs to step  …
 on enst!!: enstars!! is about to start! tbh with deadlines piling up one after another my replies to e-mails got super delayed. people started to suspect things and send me like, "i thought you died from the corona virus", so i finished it in a hurry.
and poor ticket sales due to the corona virus outbreak? so many events are all being canceled
Because he scored a penalty and spread his hands so wide like he found a cure for corona virus?  …
We've had a few months. It hasn't. WHO fatality rate outside Wuhan is 0.7%. There's enough data to know that fear, not death, is what is driving this virus.
Help Iran. The Iranian people are struggling with both the Corona virus and the Mullah virus. Iran needs support #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
The Islamic regime is not only incapable of saving Iranian lives against COVID-19 but also spreads the virus all around Iran by mismanagement, disruption in peoples access to the internet, disinformation operations and refusing to isolate crucial areas. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Coronavirus: Italy virus death toll tops 230 as cases near 6,000  …
Corona Virus isn't getting me 
Netanyahu calls virus pandemic, as Israel plans restrictions on some US flights  …
So ima just assume PV 23 released the corona virus too huh?
My understanding is that the vaccine is not useful as regards #COVID19. That vaccine is against a bacterium, not the virus. Though someone with expertise might have better info!  …
If you  low(ish) death rates from a new virus to viruses that have gone before, you are not helping the country. The whole point is that the new one could blow through the stats of the old ones in a few months. (Say experts.) #COVIDー19
#coronavirus is same. Hence precaution  eradicate the virus is necessary for healthy society.  …
As they panic buy because of an easily transmissible virus, notice they're clustered around other people and none have a face mask. That's darkly funny to me for some reason.  …
So when is the NCAA going to cancel March Madness due to the virus?
hey my friend... I know you know to really wash your hands for 30 seconds at least with lots of soap and warm water. But also... you must moisturize so your hands are not rough at all. They should be creamy soft. This is part of preventing the virus. 
1. First up a check in on the corona trades: $JETS vs $KURE (global airline ETF vs China healthcare ETF) $MGM vs $SPY (hotel/casino operator vs S&P500) Worth keeping track of these from a virus-market sentiment standpoint... 
Our re-imagined online Apr 1, 2020 pop-up conference is taking shape, thanks to @Rbaltman: COVID-19 and AI: A Virtual Conference – I hope to see you there. Topics: the virus, impact on human society, roles of AI in diagnostics, forecasting, and treatment.  …
Tom Cotton does not understand the difference between the claim that the virus could have originated or been deliberately spread from a *bioweapons* program - of which there is no evidence whatsoever - and the small but real possibility it was a biosafety accident  …
The fear is more contagious than the virus.
rapping nicki minaj while washing your hands is the cure to the corona virus 
Awful people like @NicolleDWallace are cheering for a virus to kill people to own Trump.  …
The first case of CoronaVirus was reported well over 2 months ago. There is NO REASON why the US could not have had tests ready a month ago. Now we likely have thousands of people walking around our streets with the virus, who could have been tested and quarantined.
Corona Virus 17, Clinton body count 51 
so yall never washed ur hands or stayed clean before the virus??
7 March 2020: - 2 foreign nationals working in the Maldives test positive for #COVID19. The individuals tested positive  into contact with an Italian national who had recently holidayed at the resort & was found to be positive for the virus upon their return to Italy.  …
Dear @hughhewitt: Yesterday @realDonaldTrump said he “stopped” the #coronavirus & “closed it down.” Kudlow & @KellyannePolls said virus was contained. This is false information flow from the Administration. Virus has spread to 28 states with at least 17 deaths & over 350 cases.  …
The latest case of COVID-19 in British Columbia, a woman in her 50s who has no recent travel history to affected regions worldwide or contact with infected individuals, signals a shift in the spread of the virus in Canada. 
Researchers report the structure of the protein the #coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 hijacks to enter human cells – bound with a cell membrane protein. This insight into how the virus binds human cells could provide a basis for the development of therapeutics.  
“Sex Can Wait, Masturbate!” should be the Corona virus slogan  …
I don't understand this buying every toilet roll on the planet.. because of corona virus... Since when did your backside sneeze? No toilet roll in the ASDA today. At long last the Sun  in use.
Gobar Guru giving us Gyan! Drink Gaumutra, add ash of cow dung in water & bathe , put few drops of Gaumutra in your nostrils, only way to keep away from Corona virus which is created by  for their pecuniary benefits. Shouldn't government ban such fake 'doctors' 
The Virus: 
On Feb 26 Trump bragged about the 15 virus cases we had then: "The 15, within a couple of days, is going to be down to close to zero." Since then we have over 375 cases with 17 Americans dead. We have NEVER seen this level of  by federal govt to a crisis before!
Me, on Corona Virus quarantine cuz I touched my own face.  
Speaking of corona virus... have any other wheelchair users noticed people avoiding them more...? Or holding their breath/covering their mouth/going out of their way not to touch the same things you just touched?
The person dies, the virus starts in League 3 with the same reputation and some people pretend the person is still alive and uninfected.
heard there’s a cuh-rona virus in madera 
Big dying from the corona virus you contracted at a live podcast recording because you had to hear 3 grown men review a new cheeseburger energy
“As of Saturday afternoon, at least 352 people with the Covid-19 illness have been treated in 28 states, according to a New York Times database, and at least 17 patients with the virus have died.” Real-time tracker, via @nytimes #COVID19  
When you go to the store and buy ALL of the toilet paper, ALL of the water, ALL of the frozen food—YOU are creating the problem, not this virus. And it can’t be blamed on anyone else. Just for fun, try thinking about others.
It’s hard to be shocked by Trump at this point, but watching him talk about wanting to keep Americans confined to a ship, some infected with Corona virus most healthy, because he, “Likes the numbers,” not wanting to add to the tally of those infected here, is astounding!  …
I am using #Wuhanvirus hashtag b/c as @nytimes noted, PRC “suggested that the virus originated elsewhere.” That’s propaganda of course and the push back from the whole world on behalf of accuracy should be strong. It’s in PRC own interest not to distort.  …
Regretting making fun of the virus yet, Matt? 
Im now living in a state that has declared an emergency over the #coronavirus outbreak. On Feb 26 Trump bragged about the 15 virus cases we had then: "the 15, within a couple of days, is going to be down to close to zero." Since then we have over 20 times those many cases!  …
Over 34,000,000 hit by this virus this season, with 20,000 Americans dead. But no scary panicked headlines about the flu.  …
Seems to me that the fear of this virus has  more dangerous than the virus itself.....
Corona Virus - a serious issue Why the hell does it mean more toilet tissue? Muscle pain, headache, fever, cough Not the shits you numpty's Oh please fuck off.
Can’t we have a virus that specifically targets the stupid? I just think their time should be up...
The US response to Coronavirus is worse than most foreign countries currently facing it. That’s beyond embarrassing, but what’s worse is that it’s being intentionally done for corrupt purposes. Imagine what the response would look like if the deadly virus hit Mar-a-Lago.
How do you stop this virus in America alone. The only way  shutdown of all travel in this country to start. Yes we are talking Martial Law. I am not for that one bit but whats the alternative?
The regime that shoots down the plane, or kills 1,500 protesters in two days, doesn't care how many die for COVID19. They hide the truth and do not take the necessary measures to prevent the spread of the virus.They are the enemy of the Iranian people. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
No chance that any gamer dies to corona virus.  …
The WHO has declared the virus a global health emergency and rated COVID-19's global risk of spread and impact as "very high," the most serious designation the organization gives. Here's a timeline of how the outbreak has unfolded so far: 
Hmmm Influenza deaths at 20,000 but 11 deaths from the Corona Virus? Not even close but where is the media hype? Where is the fear mongering?
Trump says #GrandPrincessCruise passengers should stay on board so US #COVIDー19 cases don't rise. I wonder how he, or anyone, would feel if family were on board, exposed to a novel virus, w/ no plan to keep them safe? I know families of elderly passengers & they're scared
We’re going to keep looking into issues with coronavirus testing in the US. Please reach out to me if you or a loved one have tried to get tested for the virus, successfully or not. My DMs are open. You can also email: soumya@latimes.com
You can cancel flights, sell out of hand sanitizer, and cancel events, but suspending Costco free samples? You got my attention how do we stop this corona virus
yeah something tells me the virus isn’t the reason here  …
#AyatollahsSpreadCovid19 The terrorist regime is using the virus as a biological weapon against the Iranian people to remain in power and to cover up their crimes against humanity. The world must stop appeasing the criminals and stand with the suffering Iranian people.  …
This virus is demonstrating how stratified our society has  On one hand you've got lumpy engineers "working" from  of home And on the other, millions of all stripes grinding it out at retail, in restaurants, manual labor, who couldn't afford to take 1 day off
ALERT The corona virus can be spread through books!! If you have any books at home, put on some gloves, put all the books in boxes and put them outside the front door tonight. I'm collecting all the boxes tonight for safety. Think of your health.
Islamic regime in Iran is lying about the numbers of infected/deceased victims of corona virus just as they lied about shooting down a civilian airplane. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
corona virus made flights so cheap. now y’all can finally visit your festival/edm boyfriends halfway across the country no excuses
Good evening all. Awful damp day in Aberdeen, depressing, as if we hadn’t enough to worry about with the virus around us. Image: Nature’s way of brightening our lives. 
Wash your hands properly and if you feel your hands are dirty then don’t touch your hair and face because virus got attack very easily when you touch your hair and face.
The outbreak of CVOID-19 in China and its spread to the rest of the world is unfolding on an epic scale. Tweeters, bloggers and even mainstream scientists have been predicting Malthusian catastrophe where the virus rapidly infect the world’s population. No less an authority than
Trump supporters don't believe climate change is real, they's don't believe the corona virus is real, yet they do believe that Trump's hair is real. Party of fools.
Man with corona virus seeks woman with lime disease...
Anthrax..West Nile..Sars..bird flu..Ecoli..Ebola..Zika virus..all were going to kill us..and now the corona virus...truth is,..fear is killing you...turn the tv off...and wash your hands...
“Y’all lean into that mournful grief. We will bury the appendages and totems of South by Southwest. Sur por Suroeste, k? But the vaccine for this virus - this path-o-gen - is YOU. And when health is restored, we will have the Southest by Westest fiesta ever.” #SXSW 
I ain’t corona, but my love is like a virus 
Ppl freaking out&buying all the disinfectants,chill out! If you have them all stockpiled& many have none you’re more likely to get coronavirus than if we all had disinfectants etc. ur creating shortages for no reason.The panic is what causes the probs not the virus #coronavirus
#COVID19 is a new disease that is distinct from other SARS, MERS and influenza. Although #coronavirus and influenza infections may present with similar symptoms, the virus responsible for COVID-19 is different with respect  spread and severity  
Gotta love all them people at Costco getting ready for the doomsday virus, prepping buying out all the soap and toilet paper. And they still gotta get all them little free samples they set out for everyone to eat. The ones that everyone fingers and coughs all over. Go figure? 
Right, don't forget food for the food banks, virus threat or not, people still need to eat, but if you have a bit spare, soaps, dish washing liquids, etc. will not go amiss
The reason to cancel meetings and seminar visits is the same reason we have them in the first place: by establishing long-distance connections and high-connectivity nodes, we help ideas spread much faster through our social networks. It's the same for a virus.
Coronavirus will change the world. The “how” is growing clearer with each day of its global spread. Hint: autocrats and populists are handling the virus worse. #InflectionPoints #CoronavirusUSA Read my new @CNBC  …
Experts are apparently warning couples not to kiss in public to avoid the spread of the Corona virus. I don't know about you but this is really starting to affect me socially, what are me and my opponent supposed to do at the start of a duel now? Shake hands and nothing else?
Went to CostCo today and people are bulk buying bog roll like it’s the war. They had to limit to one pack per person. Some folk are absolutely nuts. If you somehow get the Corona Virus (you won’t) - you won’t get the shits.
Haven’t really been panicking about the virus and then it occurred to me, “what if I’m the dumb character in the movie who walks around oblivious and asks the zombies for directions?”
This virus acc doesn’t have anything to do with me, my family and friends.
Makers of two  biggies are considering to postpone their films amid #cornoravirus scare, #Baaghi3 suffered a loss of 5 cr in 2 days because of virus scare. Final decision likely to be taken soon, if they postpone then it will be a good decision, risk is not worth taking.
Corona Virus in my state got me like... 
Do I secretly want the Corona Virus to continue to scare y’all into cleaning up behind yourselves? Yes, selfishly I do ...
Elaine would pretend to have the virus to get into the quarantine. As she's being admitted, she sees him being released.
Once all this virus shit dies down, can we keep the elbow bump thing?
When we most need a leader we have a Divider-In-Chief. When truth is a matter of life and death we get lies and spin. We  together to rid the country of this scourge (and the virus). #CoronavirusUSA #VoteBlueNoMatterWho 
Health for all by the #PPP Corona virus carrier treated successfully by the special efforts by Sindh government. Thankyou Chairman PPP 
Since the Corona Virus is fake everyone needs to check in to Trump properties if they have even the slightest sniffle.
But, it’s just a happy little virus... see? 
I'm really upset it took a global virus for y'all to want to wash your hands regularly.
. LEFTIST HYPOCRISY - CALI POLICE ORDER RESIDENTS to STAY INSIDE So - California CAN Police-Enforce an Order for Residents to Stay Inside over a Virus that's NOT even close to the Flu - - but They Can't be Bothered with Rounding up Illegal Felons??? .  …
(Has the corona virus killed anybody black?)
Ok I hear the corona virus has different life spans on metal, wooden, plastic, etc surfaces So I just want to know how long it stays on soap before dying If u know pls help me
a dumb earnest tweet: I have thought a lot about what's the right way to discuss the virus on social media. my feeling is that there is no harm in modeling preparedness, nor in being a bit lighthearted about it to help calm things down. so that's what the goal is.  …
Did they use the few virus kits we have to test trump’s staff in Margo to make sure he is not at risk?
Sir, Trump made a deliberate decision to throttle government response to this deadly virus to protect his own approval ratings and inflate the stock market. He told straight up, unforgivable LIES to the American people. He AGAIN exercised his power to help HIMSELF. He. Will. PAY  …
The West Bank is in a state of emergency - schools are closed for a month. If the virus hits densely-populated Gaza, it will be catastrophic, as there are no resources to treat an outbreak. With that being said, why is the Rafah border with Egypt still open? The risk is extreme.
Here's the thing, from the perspective of US elites markets tanking because of people staying home and waiting out the virus is a worse  than say, 10k - 100k people dying, which is a blow that can be absorbed. It's just more people that can be replaced by immigrants.
Xi Jinping to Wuhan: Yes, official censorship gave the coronavirus a three week head start, people are confined in their homes without proper care, anyone with a fever is detained together whether or not they have the virus, but you should be grateful!  
via @NYTimes “From the beginning, the Trump administration’s attempts to forestall an outbreak of a virus now spreading rapidly across the globe was marked by a raging internal debate about how far to go in telling Americans the truth.”  …
Anime enthusiasts shown to be impervious to new Corona virus  …
this virus shit is so annoying like wash your fucking hands and maybe like don’t go out in public and travel if you’re sick??? a concept I know right!!!!!
Hey Twitter Fam! Can you add my Mother Elder Ellen to your prayer list she has been battling a cold for two weeks now. We both have suppressed immune systems so colds like to linger but  against the virus invasion by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen
Trump can’t bully the virus like is his unhinged nature. His lying  idiocy dealing with this crisis may ironically be his undoing. Meanwhile people are in danger at unknown levels. When more people are finally tested the numbers are going to very dramatically rise.
I see a lot of people saying "The Corona Virus is being blown out of proportion, the media over exaggerates everything" While yes, the media does do that. However, the corona virus was articulately planned decades ago. If this virus  a fractal of the Spanish Flu - 
So when this virus starts to go away, y’all promise y’all gonna keep the hand washing going right? For me pls
Mr. open borders, the head of Italy’s Democrat party, Nicola Zingaretti is infected with the deadly #Coronavirus as the country announces new draconian measures in an effort to stop the the spread of the #Covid19 virus. Nearly all of the Lombardy region is under quarantine
Doctor diagnosed me as being hogged up Call that CockGrowna Virus
Hey im not playing w no virus & my dog! 
Maybe the real reason events with large crowds are being cancelled amid the virus panic is that organizers are worried they won’t have enough toilet paper.
#ff to some amazing people @_ChosenOne_27 @ladyaries__ @polly_shishu @badmashai @Mohitnomics @Choudhary_TS @Vague_Boy_ @i_m_jiya @MdAfan3 @isitneeded2 @its_mahabharata @Bedabrat_Deka97 @BikhraafSANA @DPKS511 @Questperfection
I agree!! Anyone who chooses to travel to areas with high numbers of people sick w/ this virus should not  about being quarantined.
Lying, bullying, and gaslighting can work on human beings, at least on some of them some of the time. None of these works against a virus. Unfortunately, we’re all going to be paying the price as Donald Trump gets mugged by medical reality.
What a joke! @pontifex cancels his audiences at #vatican! The man who presides over countless 'miracles' curing countless cancers now hiding form a humble virus #coronavirus
Successful overnight #calciumsignaling run in the @HyserLab. #Rotavirus never disappoints to be the flashiest virus. Definitely gonna show some of this at #ASV2020! 
Stockpiling. Panic buying. Floods. Outbreak of a super-virus. And you all called it ‘project fear’ .
A wank a day keeps the corona virus away  …
Talking to the older generation today is a real filter-bubble wake-up call. Actual news consumer: scared of coronavirus and canceling trips. Fox News consumer: convinced virus is contained and flu shot protects from it.
if it was because of the virus he would have canceled the tour. whether it’s in a stadium or arena doesn’t affect if people are gonna get the virus  …
And this is how the virus can continue to spread: Willful ignorance and denial. You know, just like Trump and his willful negligence and denial.  …
regular brain: prep for the virus by stocking up on food, anything will do glowing brain: buy your favorite snacks to cheer you up during isolation galaxy brain: buy things that you mildly dislike so you won't eat them all before you actually need to stay inside
don't miss @profgalloway on the Peloton rally - it will outlast the virus scare  …
Even though I actually agree with Marco Rubio on this issue, I believe the Senator should focus on more important issues like the corona virus or gun violence since there's a shooting of some kind everyday under his watch.  …
I thought crowd would be very less, due to Corona Virus but Wankhede Crowd was unbelievable. Jam Packed Those Sachin Sachin chants are still on my mind #RoadSafetyWorldSeries
This girl from Iran told me the following: "I have a major blood disorder. I rely on blood donations to survive. But the government has been mismanaging these donations too. They now blame the cold weather, snow and Corona virus on blood shortage. Please help people like me" 
#cornoravirus Guy taken into hospital, put on a normal ward & then tested for the virus, has died. Now others on the ward have it! Why not test people b4 putting them on a ward with other vulnerable people? Hospital said they followed protocol, perhaps protocol is wrong then?
Be a shame if some sort of virus spirals out of control and the Euro's is delayed by the amount of time let's say it takes an Achilles injury to recover Massive shame ...
Latest from Japan and beyond on the #coronavirus outbreak *Schools letting students use classrooms after virus-enforced closure *Abe unveils zero-interest loan scheme for small firms hit by virus For more on #COVID19 ↓↓  
Overheard from the person in front of me on line at CPAC last week: “I don’t believe anything the CDC says about this virus. It’s full of deep staters who want to use this to create a recession to bring down the President.”
Thinking the #CoronaVirus is not serious is a bad take. People with those takes is one reason why this will get so much worse This is not SARS. It's not West Nile Virus. This is not Swine Flu. It has spread much quicker The numbers in China are far worse than they have reported
Have we tried using witchcraft to fight the virus?
The way the media is trying to scare everyone with this virus is hilarious to watch. People are extremely gullible.
Share any information you have on corona virus and it's effects. State of mind, panic, empty store shelves, no matter what. It's painfully obvious we're not going to be able to trust the media on this one.
This trumpster just butted in my convro at the grocery store saying trump was doing a great job with the virus. I respectfully told him I disagreed, then he said I must be a d*mn Democrat. I told him he didn't have to cuss at me, he says d*mn isn't a cuss word.
If you sat on the floor of the West Milford High School girls bathrooms you are immune to the corona virus
Fair I'm running off at the mouth again without thinking. I'm very sorry for my  about #Coronavirus. I realize now that some of u have medical issues that should be of great concern with this virus Sticking both feet in my mouth is a lifelong issue I apologize
The  must pressure the #regime to get serious. To make sure this happens, the . @WHO should deploy medical teams across the country, to audit the government’s efforts  the virus, and provide assistance where required.  …
Corona virus trying to enter my college- College guard-ID card dikhao
Follow @DrEricDing He is a Harvard epidemiologist that posts tons of great information about the virus.
Why do some people talk about how the coronavirus is no big deal, “just a flu.” It’s a contagious virus you can get anywhere. Some people can’t afford to go to the doctor. Some people HAVE to go to work because they lose money. Some people struggle w/their health already.
Governor Cuomo has declared a a state of emergency in New York State. Cuomo said that while the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has authorized New York to contract outside labs for testing, it should also approve automatic testing for the virus.  ON.  …
Starting to feel it's more likely by the day E3 2020 is going to be canceled Coronavirus is exploding in the West currently and with less than 4 months until the show takes place I'm doubtful it happens. Still time to stop the virus, but the closer we get, cases are increasing
Donald would rather keep people quarantined on a ship, where they are *most* likely to catch the virus and die, than let them affect his “numbers.” When you hire a shallow, reality-tv sociopath, you get policy driven by a shallow, reality-tv sociopath’s obsession with ratings.  …
The Islamic Republic didn't quarantine Qom and the Corona virus spread throughout Iran. Now IRGC is going to the Corona War with dramatic maneuvers! 
Listen to Doctors, not politicians. 80% of people that contract Corona virus will experience minor or no symptoms. If I were a male over 80yrs  I would be cautious
One way the globalist parasites could get troops to kill civilians is to tell them they are infected with a deadly virus (real or not), and that, if any try to escape the quarantined area, they would have to be shot on site to protect the rest of the world. #SaturdayThoughts
Corona virus question everything Suddenly the main stream media go mad and start reporting on the corona virus pumping fear into the population and constantly reporting on it like its the only news there is
On  … They are talking about how the CDC is withholding all the testing kits so the virus explodes and they can blame Trump just before the election. They expect 2.4 Million dead by July???
We now know the real identity of the virus, how it behaves, eats sleeps, likes and dislikes etc. What we found is same with what scientists from other countries also found. The information is important for finding solutions. There, that’s how you do it
Orders were given to enforce regulations requiring isolation or quarantine for the protection of the "public health". My Question is How do we "really know" this is corona virus, other than them telling us that's what it is, while hiding behind the HIPPA laws? Am I off base?
Because of the Trump admin's  delayed response, the US is dangerously behind in its response to the #COVIDー19 virus, which WILL lead to more serious illnesses & deaths, and WILL affect the economy. #CoronavirusUSA #COVID19 Source:  
NEW: New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency on Saturday after 21 more people tested positive for the virus. To date, there are 76 confirmed cases in the state—with 11 of them in New York City. 
I’m really confused, it’s a respiratory virus, so why are we having a run on toilet paper? Explain this to me UK? #TheGreatToiletPaperPanic
I'm wondering about all the people in government who know about people infected with corona-virus but directed not to disclose it. Are they in legal jeopardy? What about their bosses, who issue the order?  …
>goes to a crowded place with a bunch of mouth breathers to buy toilet paper bc ur scared of a virus  …
All you MAGA ppl who are dismissing the Corona Virus and believing the ignorant babbles of Trump, you might want to wash your hands just in case. It’s not that hard to do.
Thousands of people are working around the clock fighting this virus. Nurses and doctors on the front line. CDC officials. Public health researchers. Lawmakers representing constituents. Journalists trying to inform the public. A marathon, not a sprint. We're in this together.
Just remember the vast majority of people that are telling you that we are all going to die to the China virus also told you Florida would be under water by now due to global warming, the polar bears would be extinct, Hillary would win, and net neutrality would cause Armageddon.
It's painfully ironic that people contemplating #COVIDー19 self-quarantine figger they'll just get all their meals & supplies delivered to them -- by insecure gig workers who themselves HAVE NO SICK PAY and hence could well be bringing the virus right to their doorstep ...2
U.S. financial regulators start contingency planning as virus reaches Washington  
Dear teachers- if your districts cancel class due to the virus and you are attempting to do virtual learning with your students, author visits through meeting platforms are an option. There are lots of us who are willing to volunteer to keep students engaged and reading!
Corona virus is a respiratory infection... And folks stock piling on toilet paper and water? Americans are so dumb
At Harvard forum, experts warn of 'most daunting virus' in 50 years - worth a read esp if you are not taking this seriously. ⁦ @FlagshipPioneer⁩ ⁦ @megtirrell⁩ ⁦ @rtnarch⁩ ⁦ 
Know a lot of people are scared about #covid19. Fortunately, spring is arriving in the N hemisphere and UV light kills the virus. It’s a good time to get outside. Go biking or hiking. Take walks. It’s good for your mental health and heart and might actually decrease transmission!
Curious; Are you curtailing ANY plans because of the corona virus? I’m about to book my flights for 2  trips...so just curious! #KAG #DontWantToLiveInFear #Trump2020
The "Butcher of Tehran" is dead, killed by a tiny virus. How the 'mighty' have fallen! They wanted to destroy Israel in a few years and they are going to hell, one by one, without having seen the end they predicted. How can the Iranian people tolerate  …
there are ppl not ordering chinese take away in the uk bc of the corona virus......... 
not gonna lie, with each passing day the “Virus” number in @emojimusical gets a little more awky
“Public health officials are warning that no one knows how deeply the virus will spread, in part because the federal government’s flawed rollout of tests three weeks ago has snowballed into an embarrassing fiasco of national proportions.”  …
If you've flew out to buy all kinds of toilet roll and hand gel and that, your a tit. An absolute tithead. Please retweet this till someone thats locked up in their underground virus proof bunker sees it. I'm embarrassed for everyone.
Perpetuating misinformation is also a virus. Your tweet and the article's headline misrepresents what was projected in the analysis quoted in the article. The analysis projects that all beds will be filled, not all by coronavirus patients.  …
Tweeted about this a few days ago...some of the people who have recovered are getting sick again...doesn’t mean their dying or worse...but it shows the resilience of the virus...the greatest fear is the potential for strain mutation over seasons...  …
Guess you're safe from the corona virus after all then  …
The changing of the guard, the clocks and the future as the Corona Crown Virus cleans out all castles worldwide. Trump faces the sun looking west where America now hold the power. This was the changing of the guard and the Queen assumed her role in the shadow of Trump. 
Any rational government seeing what the coronavirus can do would extend the transition period for the withdrawal agreement as inflicting no deal on the country whilst dealing with the virus would be stupidly dangerous. This isn't a rational government. Ideology before lives.
The corona virus is a media stunt to distract us from the fact that trump is a criminal and the Hong Kong riots but y’all wanna be racist ok lol
Am I the only one who thinks Ramaphosa and his people wanted us to have Corona Virus, it could’ve been prevented honestly. #CoronavirusInSA
I am a Republican Hack and strong Trump supporter and been following this virus since January . You are doing the best job of any Leader in the USA Thank you
. @statnews @DrewQJoseph STAT: At Harvard forum, three who know warn of ‘most daunting virus’ in half a century #covid19  
The corona virus is likely man made and has been Weaponized especially to target old people because they are less likely to accept the new world order the 1% are creating and the 1% are getting young people addicted and familiar to artificial intelligence so they will accept it
This is what I get out of the virus. Go out and have fun. Wash your hands while you are out and when you immediately get home. If you are over 60, stay out of huge crowds. That's it.
Between the Sahara dust, the bush fire smoke, the Corona Virus and the General trials of life, I’m not sure which is gonna kill me first but it’s been nice guys
Dadju a Corona virus oh oh ah
Let's do some math. Over the last two days the corona virus has increased with over 50% in Italy. If this continues, there will be over 100 000 infected in just 2 weeks! 3.9% death rate means 3900 dead. Hospitals would be on their knees. This is not "just the flu".
Mullahs are such backstabbing species! They lying all day long and are never transparent! As we see kept the news of virus spreading for long time hide for their anniversary demonstration and also selective election theater! 
This is an article that Florida was refusing to share virus positive statistics claiming it patients' privacy would be breached. As major hub for international travel, I suspect the number is very high.  …
As am I But she signed a gag order about having the corona virus and now  on it and instead blocks anyone talking about it.  
WA. and NY state GOVS. have both attained the STATUS OF SNAKE, by the DT. ADMIN. for telling TRUTH and protecting US citizens about the VIRUS. Meanwhile the CDC are HEROS for LYING and backing the LYING COWARDLY POTUS! DANGEROUS TIMES FOR US ALL, CHAOS RUNS SUPREME! #BlueWave2020
Woman serving me in a shop here in Madrid took two steps back when i said i was from Japan, asking "Are you sure you don't have the virus?" Maybe the J government's kneejerk reaction is generating more bad press than good. This desperate effort to save the Olympics may backfire.
BREAKING: International Ice Hockey Federation president tells AP women's world championships in Canada canceled because of virus.
yall worried about coronavirus but still CONDONE the VIRUS that is capitalism every day
So Deloitte never coordinated with DOH on the COVID-19-infected employee. So how did  learn that the employee is positive of the virus? I thought testing is only done through DOH...  …
I wanna shoutout @ByMikeBaker not only for his tireless virus coverage this week, but for somehow finding the time to make it to @aajaseattle’s mentoring event in the middle of it to share career advice with young journalists. Also he’s a dad? Not sure how he does it all.
If you danced in the basement at TKE, you’re immune to the corona virus
Exactly. For example here in Rhode Island there was detailed information about the virus on the states health website in all different languages. What was missing? ASL. American Sign Language @RebeccaCokley
1 person is infected with Corona virus everyone wants to wear a musk, but millions of people are infected with HIV and no one wants to wear a condom. 
Because I was returning from West Africa when the Ebola virus was receiving so much media attention, and white parents galvanized against my daughter returning to school, I can see wide-eyed the racism in how the public discusses Corona Virus. Fear the flu & measles! More facts: 
References to Dr Li Wenliang also accounted for 19 censored  Dr Li Wenliang was among a group of doctors in Wuhan who issued the first warnings about the virus in late December. He was later told by police to stop making 
The murderous clerical #Iranian regime knew about the outbreak long before, but because of the parade and the parliamentary election they hid it from us and let the virus spread to protect their dying regime. #COVID19 is killing Iranians. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
When your babe has a Good ass as this, forget abou Corona virus. Watch and retweet 
Getting angry with panic buyers and the virus. I've muted every word to do with the virus and panic buying and my twitter feed has returned to normality. Settings and privacy > Privacy and Safety > Scroll down > muted words.
The 80-room hotel had been converted by the city government for observation of people who had contact with virus patients, according to People's Daily. 
In a developed country like USA, healthy, younger people can expect to beat the virus, but that means healthy, younger people also bear a heightened responsibility to make plans for the sick /elderly they know. Start now. Again, the path through is cooperation, not selfishness.
#MedicalTerrorism is denying there is a virus spread so people go to phony elections. #MedicalTerrorism is downplaying &stalling & claiming prayers will heal it. #MedicalTerrorism is allowing citizens of other countries to visit shrines without stamping their passports.
if they can't run at Raymond James Stadium because of the virus, WWE should sail out to international waters and do WrestleMania on an actual pirate ship
I think this virus getting blown out of proportion
So, you mean to say that arenas don't get infected with the virus, its just the stadiums. 
#BeBest Your husband called our Governor a snake & advised not to give us test kits, while people die due to your husband's pretending America was safe from virus & then wanting to make own test kit no doubt so he & Maralago buddies to do a little insider trading. Start at home.
I just wish this virus had kicked off back when we only had MySpace.
There must be at least one person in the 80,000 infected world wide that has a social media account and has posted “I have the corona virus”. Surely someone knows someone who has been infected. Reposting bc I like my account so I wants to keeps my account This meme is satire 
Yesterday, at the direction of Acting Gov @LtGovOliver, members of our cabinet and senior staff met to discuss our ongoing #COVID19 preparedness efforts and the actions we’re taking  the spread of the virus. For more info on coronavirus:  
I actually think most people don't realize the severity of the situation. The last few days Corona virus infected has increased about 25% every day in Italy. Do you realize how many infected will be if this continues? Hospitals in Lombardy are at breaking point.
This Riverside public health officer who refuses to shut down Coachella is basically saying that young people all over the world  together, share the virus and then take it back to their parents and grandparents. I guess it's some kind of cull the herd thing.
Wouldn’t be surprised if a punjabi artist releases a song and one of the lyrics is like “ tu corona virus vargi, teri look kardi kill mundiya nu”
Its in Canadians best interest to listen to our government officials about Covit19. They’re the experts monitoring & studying this virus. They have a good indication of  next. So listen and don’t allow ideologists & the media to muddy the government’s messaging.
CNN was providing non-stop coverage of impeachment, while largely ignoring the Coronavirus. Now that the “Deep State” has politicized Coronavirus the same CNN that had a presenter eating human flesh can’t stop talking about the virus! CNN is  …
I'm always running scans for the BIG % percentage gainers! This gives me a starting point! Then look for the best charts and reasons why these stocks are moving! With Virus scare "spreading around", use this scan:  … And this one!   …
If you drank from the hose as a kid, didn’t wear a helmet riding your bike and sat in the back of a pickup truck while driving on the freeway... The corona virus ain’t gonna take ya.
The WHO has declared the virus a global health emergency and rated COVID-19's global risk of spread and impact as "very high," the most serious designation the organization gives. Here's a timeline of how the outbreak has unfolded so far: 
Tried to use the Corona virus to dissuade my wife from dragging me to brunch... dunno that I fear it as much as I fear havin to pay $18 bucks for eggs...
A wedding wey you Invite Shatta Wale ...how your woman no go fit collapse. That guy na bad luck. Wale be virus
Imagine seeing a healthcare system that sees the corona virus as an opportunity to gouge customers since so much of it isn't covered by insurance, seeing another heartbreaking GoFundMe campaign to pay for healthcare costs and saying "Yes! I want more of that!" Will never be me
This virus ain’t do nothing but expose how nasty people are they said wash you hands. What do people do???? Go snatch all the hand sanitizer off the shelves. Like ok ........
Corona virus in madera? man a drive around town with the windows down sounds real good right about now
Wow. So 25% of China's cases yesterday were imported. Will China start banning travelers from specific countries? This virus, devastating as it is, is teaching us hard lessons about our interconnectedness.  …
GWP: Police-Enforced Quarantine Hits California Neighborhood – Residents Ordered to Stay Inside Due to Coronavirus FFS!! FEAR PORN in Sacramento! One person dies and they shut the whole neighborhood down. They are using this virus for Police State Quarantine. This better stop!
This just gives you a sense of how widespread this virus is, how many people have it and don’t know it, and how inexcusable it is that we don’t have more tests.  …
 to think of it, you should totally panic-buy stuff because of the virus, but don't stop at #toiletpaper; You can panic-buy my paintings at 
This is the way our CheepMinister responses on Patient who is suffering with Corona Virus and beloved golden People's of Golden Telangana.Sigguga undi ilaanti CM lu Mana telugu raastralaki unanduku @PatekarDendulur @EstrellaDePoder @TeluguChegu @JSPSriram 
Explain to me... How is this stopping people from getting infected? If Tawaf is allowed then why is Saee is stopped...hence Umra is stopped...why? Why Safa-Marwa is blocked. Why Baqee is blocked. Why Rauda Shareef is blocked? This is not virus ....this is agenda! 
French Parliament reports another Covid-19 case, an unnamed member of parliament is in hospital for the virus total now 3 members of parliament infected - France24
Several metrics are flashing panic in the bond market. Don’t be surprised if more milestones fall as virus cases and business disruptions increase. 
Single-handedly fighting corona virus  …
Iranians are dying in different cities & one of the regime officials was laughing about it while denying Corona’s outbreaks! He kept emphasizing that no such a thing as virus,it’s only a rumor that has spread in cyber world! 
I know a lot of ink has been spilled writing about corona virus and the Saturn/Pluto conjunction but... what if this is all build up to the Jupiter/Saturn conjunction in Aquarius?
Why are Americans rushing around to buy toilet paper because of the Covid 19 scare? No advisory has said TP will save you from a virus... Soap and water on the other hand...
Next one of yous I see liking tweets about “corona virus is all asians fault for eating yuckys” I’m climb through your kitchen window and slap the fuck outta you
My problem with these articles is that they do more than simply ask legitimate questions. They assert as fact, in the Olympian tone of journalistic objectivity, what is in fact dubious conjecture: that China's mistakes are *the reason* why the virus spread globally.  
A new teen dance craze about hand washing grips the globe. All of humanity performs it at the same time, and every virus explodes. The sick are cured.
I’m thinking that the panic buying in response to the Corona virus is a bit like people voting Tory...everyone denies they’re doing it but obviously some bugger is...
This is the worst time to catch normal flu because people are gonna think you have corona virus .
$INO doubled in price a mere 3 days ago.... given the hysteria and fear that's gripping the markets, expect to see more and more of these Small cap "Corona virus" vaccine plays, double and triple in price! $MRNA, $OPK and $VIR are the next ones to 
#Breaking @NYGovCuomo says 76 in #NewYorkState have #coronavirus. #NYC has 11 of those cases. #WestchesterCounty has 57 cases. Gov says the #NewRochelle man with virus has impacted many people. Gov says @NewRochelleNY nursing homes shouldn’t have visitors to protect seniors 
I hope the rest of you can be a little more understanding than today’s Belgian autograph hunter. As long as we are concerned about this virus I will not be signing your stuff, or doing selfies. I’m sorry, but this is the sensible tactic, right now. I’m pre-signing CDs for sale.
This is huge. The leader of the Italian co-ruling Democrat party has tested positive for Corona virus. This thing is spreading everywhere in society.
the cdc: masturbation can help boost your immune system and fight off corona virus me: 
Me holding in my cough in public so no one thinks I got the virus. 
Lebanon's newly formed cabinet applauds itself for default, debt, corruption, pollution and failing at securing fast procedures to contain the Corona virus. #Lebanon #Lebanonprotests 
Open borders guy reaps fruit of open borders Virus News Europe, Italy: Nicola Zingaretti Tests Positive - Bloomberg  …
The virus is a threat from nature. Trump's mismanagement is a man-made disaster.  …
Africa by Toto is a perfect song and it is the correct song to sing when washing your hands to defeat corona virus. 
“I suspect that if you see a person wearing a MAGA hat these days, it might be wise to steer clear. If they are watching Fox News or listening to Rush, it’s doubtful they are taking the precautions that would protect themselves, and you, from this virus.”  …
Breaking news: Mike Pence uses conversion therapy to convince Corona virus that it isn’t a virus anymore! #COVID19
Trump knew he was lying when he called the virus "a hoax". Just like Russian meddling is a hoax. His base believe his every word. Trump Supporters Are Now Claiming Coronavirus Doesn't Exist And Nobody Has Died From It  … via @politicususa
What’s the epidemic movie moment playing on repeat in YOUR head? I keep thinking of that map in Outbreak where Donald Sutherland demonstrates how quickly the virus will spread and how they SHOULD bomb that town in California
TWO ATTENDEES OF AIPAC TEST POSITIVE FOR CORONA VIRUS Both from New York and one had been exposed to someone with Corona virus in New York prior to attending AIPAC Washington previously reported #Coronavirus *Best stay away from crowds from for  …
First Navy sailor case of coronavirus in Italy, Which seems to be a hotspot 4 the virus. Another army soldier headed to Kuwait, placed in isolation just in case. They will soon have the testing kits 4 the military. US Navy sailor in Italy tests positive  …
#Coronavirus Updates: #COVID19 epidemic grows in Europe, & a politician says he is infected. The US East Coast reports its 1st deaths, & Amtrak cancels trains. But in Hubei province (China), where the virus emerged ... the only new cases are in Wuhan.  
2021 Predictions (bit early): - Play Station 5 flops - David  out of the closet - Modello Virus - Computer Virus - Miley Cyrus - Charli D’amelio music career flops - Lil Nas X gets cancelled - Avocado Toast 2
Be crazy if we get hit with another asymmetric attack right about the time we hit peak virus.
Patient with influenza: “I hate you, virus. I’m not going to get out of bed until you leave of my body.” Patient with COVID-19: 
The news of a highly contagious new virus jumping from China to the U.S. has caught many Americans by surprise. For us, the outbreak was more like déjà vu  …
Iranian people have been fighting a virus that has blackened their life for 41 years. Now it seems the original virus has given birth to another. 
Trump wants the US citizens to stay on the ship because he doesn’t want the Corona virus case/death numbers to increase in the US. Makes me think— Is the Trump admin purposely delaying getting test kits going out and denying testing so his numbers stay low?!?! Cover up?!?  …
Medicare For All is American Defense. How would you attack a country with a giant military? Probably not with guns. But if that country had expensive healthcare, no paid sick leave, and a population that was one paycheck away from financial ruin? Maybe a mild-fatality virus.
If you thought somebody had  virus, why the hell would you touch them?
Advice in Lombardy to stay home and if in public keep your distance. The virus is spreading in Lombardy even outside the red zone. Yet in Ireland we are still accepting flights and not imposing quarantine on travellers from the region.  …
P.S. If anyone decides to, say, sabotage our Corona virus response as a *brilliant* plan... Just remember, your odds of either execution or spending the rest of your deeply unhappy life somewhere like Riker's Island goes up accordingly.
Every person in Arizona who is experiencing COVID-19 symptoms or is concerned they have contracted the virus should be able to seek appropriate testing & treatment and not worry about cost. I’m urging Gov. Ducey to eliminate cost-sharing burdens for AZ patients. 
#Coronavirus has  to influenza. But there are no drugs or vaccines yet for treating or preventing the virus as there are for flu. We are exposed to different flu strains which help us build immunity. No one had immunity to this virus.
“It’s the most daunting virus that we’ve contended with in half a century or more,” @michaelmina_lab an epidemiologist at Harvard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health, said at a panel discussion Friday at Harvard’s Kennedy School of  …
Very strong performance on healthy volume on Friday as $GILD broke thru $80(my first target).... Next target area is $90 With $100 being the eventual target.  is on the leading front of the Corona virus scare! 
Remind me who was paying a fortune for brexit food boxes. Oh yes that’s right. Remainers! I was wondering when some poor remainer would link the EU, brexit and this virus together. You win 1st prize in the “Crass Comment” category.
I'm on a ventilator. I am vulnerable. My nurses use hand sanitizer before touching my ventilator to make sure I don't die. But supplies are out because people are hoarding ANTI-BACTERIA sanitizer to fight a VIRUS! Your hoarding isn't saving you, but it might kill people like me
The house of God is closed, but the regime does not close its religious sites. This will increase the spread of the corona virus. 
Am I missing something? Why is everyone panic buying loo rolls ? The Corona Virus, isn’t like the beer, it gives people a chest infection not the shits.
We just want to point out that #sschat is 100% virus-free! However, the engagement is contagious and there are widespread germs of great ideas. #sstlap #worldgeochat #edchat  …
So fewer, more crowded trains will help battle the virus? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  …
As people are dying around the world from a virus your husband is spreading misinformation about, you have your panties in a bunch about being criticized for your lack of priorities???  …
Lol you guys sing “Happy Birthday” while washing your hands...? Umm I sing all 9 minutes and 37 seconds of “Venice Bitch” when I wash mine...good luck not catching the virus you birthday scrubbers
Islamic regime knew that #COVID19 was in #Iran. For having maximum participation in nasty Islamic revolution universally and also election the Islamic regime did not tell the people about it for 3weeks. So this deadly virus spread like wildfire. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
the Iranian regime are not capable of dealing with the corona virus Iranian people need help of  #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Holding a long position in $BILI already... this stock is an indirect beneficiary of the Corona virus scare! A great way to play the "Stay-At-Home" theme in China! Notice how well this stock has held up as the rest of the market got pounded!  
After being tested for corona virus and the doctor is telling people to put barricades around you :  …
Raise your hand if that Corona virus awareness caller tune confused you with their coughing.
I have been getting daily updates from Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines about my future cruise and the Corona virus. Crickets from city, county, state and federal government. Says a lot about this  untruthful administration.
.......for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation.....
The most important thing the director of the CDC had to say way to grovel & praise the authoritarian ruler. Meanwhile testing for the Corona virus is still dangerously limited, people are dying & Trump is only concerned about controlling "the numbers". This is a terrible tragedy.  …
Bank notes may be spreading Corona Virus, Worl Health Organization warns. 
Two HIV proteins work together to block production of a human protein that defends immune cells from infection allowing the virus to multiply and spread unimpeded  …
Scared of a virus? Fam. Flights are $200 and below. We here for a good time not a long time. 
Respiratory droplets can travel approximately 3 ft. before they settle, shares IDSA member Dr. Daniel Kuritzkes, which is why washing your hands &  touched surfaces are your best defenses against a virus. 
It is humbling how a tiny virus- a parasite that cannot reproduce by itself - has so quickly changed human behavior and halted economies all the over the world
Man infected with coronavirus goes to bars ‘to spread the virus’  …
Pope to deliver Sunday prayer by livestream due to virus 
We've gotten a couple inquiries about corona virus. While we treat the threat seriously, we currently have no plans to cancel or postpone TBD4 because of it. We also recognize the corona virus is a fluid situation in the US right now, so if something were to change, we will let
Virus contingency plans may reveal how inefficiently office space is used 
Cuddling with your friends during times of the corona virus 
My base case scenario at this point is that the market will end up rallying harder and higher by the ends of the year than it would have without he virus.. 1/
remind me to never fuckin talk about Corona Virus again on Twitter, holy SHIT. LOL
. @WHO This the 7th March flight to China!The clerical regime endangers the lives of ppl not only Iran but the other countries!So it is a deadly virus itself and should be destroyed! 
I have two major takeaways from the #coronavirus. First, this is not bad; low death rate. Second, we are wholly unprepared if there is a serious virus that is as easily transmitted but more deadly. #COVID19 #COVID19
Spread the word and not the virus ! and impactful message Kanni that requires purposeful drive, collaboration and empathy to tackle  …
FuKc. all y'all, a virus uncovered all your BS and ineptitude. Y'all have been riding on whatever everyone before you did and taking credit. a fucking bug is exposing how amateur and greedy you all are scumbags
Attention should focus on Corona virus and the collapse of Yes Bank. Calls by bigots for economic boycott of Muslims is an insidious distraction. Yes Bank contagion can spread to other banks. Accountability starts with @rbi and @FinMinIndia. Where does the buck stop? @PMOIndia
this virus stuff been having me in the worst mood the last few days, i’m so genuinely upset about it and what it’s doing to our everyday lives / economy already like i’m angry bruh
Imagine if it was your grandparents who were stranded on a fucking cruise ship with dozens of cases of a life-threatening virus not allowed to dock because Trump didn’t want to add any more bad stats for himself.
चलिए आज #CoronaVirus के बारे में चर्चा कर लें। Let's talk about corona virus Let's spread awareness, Don't spread rumours and panic less. Video in 3 parts 1st video- #CoronaVirusChallenge #coronavirusindia #CoronaAlert #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaKoDhona #corona 
Update : they already left the room, unfortunately one of them got nervous and pressed the button to be euthanized but we are all sending positive messages to her so hopefully everything will be fine so she can stay alive and destroy the VH ( virus in portuguese).
The way people are behaving right now all over the world (overbuying supplies and leaving the shops empty and everything) because of the virus is very very telling about how selfish and individualist people are
DT has LIED for yrs. His MAGAs believe anyone that speaks TRUTH against him are a HOAX, Recently HE has a new DEADLY ALLY, a VIRUS called COVID-19, MAGAs believe this also a HOAX, so thru them DT/GOP/PUTIN will do the deadly work,MILLIONS COULD DIE,and the DEMS are behind it ALL!
Our response to the Corona virus panic (covid-19) as the Church. kindly share to make everyone aware and keep practicing ways to keep yourself and loved one's safe. 
Am I the only one sitting here wondering if this is not an orchestrated incident to rid china of this concentrated group of people under Corona Virus medical observation.
i guess it’s fair that they can’t make  right now. no one knows what the hell is going on with this virus and things could easily change in a few months time.  …
Interesting to note, while there is breathless coverage of new cases and fatalities from #WuFlu, there is zero coverage of the survival stats, and characteristics of those who have succumbed to the virus are buried deep in reporting, if provided at all. I wonder why?
Shoppers everywhere... how is #toiletroll not trending in the UK? Don't people realise that it's a respiratory virus not an intestinal one, they'd be better off buying some cough and cold remedies!! #coronavirus 
This thread has nothing to do with the virus outbreak but it's been on my mind since I came across it a week ago. It's worth a read while remembering the US has the world's largest prison population.  …
Youngbae  : Corona virus I’m gonna get you. Everyone stay healthy : teacher.. please cover yourself — **everyone please cover up  
Every #Florida resident can thank @SenRickScott for creating the perfect storm. As Governor he refused to allow millions of Floridians access to health insurance. Now a deadly virus is spreading that will kill vulnerable seniors across the state #sayfie #cornoravirus
2 coronavirus deaths reported in Florida, marking the first known fatalities from the virus outside of the West Coast of the U.S. 
Enroute to Farukolhufushi to take a selfie with the first corona virus patient. 
Doja saying the Corona Virus is just the flu is too much People are dying @DojaCat, take care of yourself! Wash your hands 
All the #travelers arriving at the two Shanghai airports from countries and regions severely affected by the novel #coronavirus will be subjected to epidemiological investigation to vigorously curb the spread of the virus from overseas, the Shanghai government said on Saturday.
Xencrypt - A PowerShell script anti-virus evasion tool  … #infosec #hacking #hackers #Pentesting #programming #pentest #opensource #CyberSecurity #PowerShell #crypto #antivirus
The novel coronavirus is getting a new name from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo -- the "Wuhan virus" -- despite objections from China where the illness was first detected.  …
Not letting the virus stop me from traveling the world… 
Tawaf banned due to the fear of Corona virus. Since I was born,I have never seen the Holy ka'bah in this situation. May Allah bring the end to the virus.  …
This coronavirus is intelligent enough to know that we are one human species. It doesn’t discriminate based on race, religion or what's on your Spotify playlist. For humans to win the fight against this virus, we need unity, not infighting. 
Is This Corona Virus Killing Us or not, cos really I don’t want to study for tests um not gonna wright......scela ukuthi kucace ukuthi iyenzani. 
“IT’S ALL BECAUSE OF THE VIRUS” Scooter really does run TMZ.  …
Dr Richard Hatchett : This is the most frightening disease I've ever encountered in my career. A virus  high infectiousness and lethality that's many fold higher than normal flu. 
Q: Are health workers at risk of getting #COVID19? A: Yes. The virus can spread in health facilities, including from patients to health care providers Health workers are advised to observe standard precaution ALWAYS! For more questions:  
Corona Virus...? TMZ is really owned by SCOOTY huh.? We all know that the ticket sales were too bad . I doubt he will even sell out these arenas... 
this is the only corona virus prevention video i needed to see 
Twitter: The words virus and bacteria are different so antibacterial hand sanitizer doesn’t work. I need no further reading Facebook: My infrared amethyst will kill the coronavirus, which is just the regular flu but the MSM is calling it a fake virus which also the Chinese made
Has anybody tested whether or not copious amounts of alcohol and cigarettes kills the Corona virus yet?
I do think people perhaps need to understand the difference between bacteria and virus.
I don't care if Melania builds a tennis court. I don’t care if Ivanka wears fancy clothes. I don't care if Trump wears a diaper. But I do care if the mentally ill president gets thousands of us killed by botching the coronavirus outbreak. Contain the virus -- defeat Trump.
Beginning to think the biggest virus going around is Panic & Hysteria. Definitely worth self isolating from. #coronvirusuk #COVID19
Imagine what the trapped/separated children in cages are thinking as this corona virus dominates the media.
Coronavirus. A deadly virus that is currently making everyone terrified. Also Coronavirus: A deadly virus that is shutting down schools, workplaces and universities resulting in people staying at home playing video games, and flights being cheaper. E-Daters stay winning.
Get a doctor. Now. Piers has caught  virus. Probably a mild dose, though.  …
NBA to potentially play games without any fans in attendance due to the Carona virus outbreak. Pistons, Suns, & Cavs not effected. 
Corona virus deniers are the flat earthers of 2020.
Corona virus for Mullahs turned into a weapon to easily oppress people  genocide against Iranians in order to stay in power. Mullahs dangerous ideology has been killing Iranians for 41 years Hey world do you hear us? We don't want Mullahs regime #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Speaking to reporters at the Capitol, Collins said that she was “deeply troubled” by the behavior of the covid-19 virus.  …
This is *not* to endorse any of the bullshit 'deliberate virus' theories. But biosafety accidents happen in labs worldwide, and some guy not washing his hands thoroughly enough and then getting a bite to eat after working in the lab is a perfectly plausible scenario.
The Only thing that can Stop Liverpool from Winning the English Premier League at this Point is Corona Virus...
The sheer vehemence with which the CCP is now pushing the 'virus wasn't Chinese' makes me think the odds - still small - of it being a routine biosafety accident are higher than I would have otherwise thought.
I can't believe it takes a deadly virus for us to consider *maybe* that our relationship with air travel is actually very bad for us and the planet.
Venice turned into a ghost city after widespearding of the virus in Italy. #coronavirus 
THE WEAKLING: Our borders open to a deadly virus, professional protestors mocking rule of law, foreign-funded activists dictating energy policy. Because of Trudeau's weakness, the world is eating Canada alive, writes the NCC's @SpencerFernando. READ:  
How ironic is it that virus could politically take down a germophobe? Very: Sanitizer moms don’t have the patience for Trump’s misinformation  …
Jesus. Just days @realDonaldTrump was asking why we couldn't use a flu vaccine to battle  different virus. Yeah, he's a natural born scientist.  …
James Woods Exposes Why He Believes Mitt Romney Is A ‘Hidden Virus’ Within The Republican Party  …
According to the TMZ website, some Changes Tour shows have been canceled and relocated with different dates and locations due to the corona virus. The rumors that ticket sales were failing are false, since according to the website, the sale was a huge success. 
As the coronavirus hits hard on the West Coast, its homeless population is at risk. The measures to protect against the virus, like washing your hands often, are nearly impossible when living on the streets. 
If this was a scene in a disaster movie you know exactly the place where in the following scene the next  down with the virus would be.  …
Parents: we want you to cancel your trip to Paris because of the carona virus. Me on June 14th: 
It’s just like I imagined a ‘No Deal’ Brexit would be except with a deadly virus thrown in for good measure. 
One person in the state that I live in, has the Corona virus. 10 people have died from the flu in my state. In my state the flu is the more dangerous for now.
I bought toilet paper yesterday and I realize now after seeing videos of people buying TP by the truck load that people probably judged me as if I was some kind of crazed, corona virus panicker but I promise we just needed toilet paper.
The Islamic Republic in Iran hid the Corona virus spread in the country for 4 whole weeks to make sure their thugs participate in the 41st anniversary of the stolen revolution and their fake elections after that. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 & can't be trusted with saving the 
No. The virus was the fuse. Those debt bubbles have been inflating for a long time tick tick
Iran regime’s by not quarantining the city of Qom, the secrecy of news about the spread of Corona in Iran and not cancellation of flights from China caused the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and other countries. Tell the world @WHO #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Although the epidemic first broke out in China, it did not necessarily mean that the virus is originated from China, let alone "made in China". 
Shanghai tightens airport checks as imported virus infections in China jump  
We now have thousands of people on a cruise ship who are infected or exposed to the virus. It's the 2nd time. All of these people will require quarantine and medical care. It's time to put a pause on cruises until this blows over. They're germ factories to begin with.
My dad on me worrying about catching the Corona Virus "Why are you worrying love? You haven't been in contact with anyone that's been abroad." Oh bless him.
2500 virus test kits and 5 of those will be used on 1 cruise ship. COVID19 is not being contained.
This is how corona virus is spread #COVID2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Pro tip: you should wash your hands even when there isn't a global virus panic.
@SenSchumer you first threatened 2 Justices lives and then we hear@you scream about @realDonaldTrump being negligent in handling the #Coronavirus. Now we find out that $5 billion of the money you claimed we had to have has NOTHING to do fighting the virus. #Election2020
At times i find myself thinking the corona-virus is part of a trump soap opera. I have to remind myself this is real. We are in the beginning of a health and economic crisis the world hasn't seen for decades. It's time for Congress to #RemoveTrump . We need  leader
2. Politicians meet a lot of people, which means they are likely to be infected by a contagious virus. Already a massive AIPAC conference had coronavirus infected people, and AIPAC attendees were doing lots of meetings with Congress.  …
I marvel at the logic that leads whole nations to hoard toilet paper on account of a respiratory virus.  …
How many of these people are contracting the virus at Costco?  …
Goggles and masks cannot hide your beautiful faces. We are all fighters, against coronavirus and political virus. We'll win in the end. Happy International Women’s Day! 
CDC is advising Seattle doctors NOT TO TEST for #COVIDー19 ... because the virus is endemic. #DontTestDontKnow is now US Govt policy. @EpsilonTheory 
Unfortunately the Rome E-Prix has been cancelled due to the Corona Virus outbreak. Wishing all the best to my Italian friends and to all the people affected around the World. Let’s hope everything will get back in order as soon as possible #RomeEPrix #ABBFormulaE 
The mullahs should be punished for deliberately spreading the corona virus around the world. 
Folks, the virus doesn’t care about your party registration and it doesn’t care if the President claims it’s contained. Please,  …
I am much more frightened by the  and willful ignorance of this administration than I am by the actual virus. I’m so angry.
The World Health Organization has previously described a pandemic as a situation in which a new virus is causing  outbreaks” in at least two world regions. So far, it has avoided using the word for the coronavirus. 
The world will be shocked and surprised when international inspectors can provide accurate statistics and information on the reasons for the spread of the virus in Iran. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Why corona virus measures are so strict 
At Harvard forum, three who know warn of ‘most daunting virus’ in half a century  … via @statnews
If ever again you hear someone question why the #GreenNewDeal proposes to invest in things that don't have to do with carbon or clean energy (like health care, child care, education and equity) you now have our shared lived experience of a novel virus to explain it.
. @WHO & the world should know the Mullahs regime allowed Corona virus to spread in order to lift the political pressure they have been baring since Nov. 2019. Mullahs DO NOT care how many people die out of Corona virus. They only want to stay in power #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Anyone notice that shortly after 45 refused to lower many tariffs, signs a trade deal that forces China to buy 200 billion worth of specific products within two years and then chooses to ‘give’ China 1.25 billion to battle the Wuhan Virus? Did 45 just make China pay for COVID-19? 
If the Virus causes the horror DNC/MSM would have it front page 24/7... aah it was an illegal ..hard pass.. no stats 
Washington - New York Acela Express train service just suspended in response to Corona virus threat. If business travelers try to switch to air a suspension of air travel on same route likely. What's next?
Before you eat fruit like apples or vegetables like lettuce, what do you do to assure they aren't carrying the corona-virus? I just been running them under water then letting them dry.
The technical problem with the test struck at probably the worst possible moment -- a virus that spreads easily and has lots of mild cases. That means you're going to need LOTS of tests, because sick people can walk around spreading it.
Iran regime’s by not quarantining the city of Qom, the secrecy of news about the spread of Corona in Iran and not cancellation of flights from China caused the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and other countries. Tell the world @WHO #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
if you swam in the wave pool at camp bisco you are immune to corona virus
Trump has his MAGA hats made in China, so chances are they are infected with Coronavirus. The only absolute way to kill the virus is to burn them. It is  that people remove the hat before burning. 
A lot of the public health response to a new pathogen is based on how it's been done in the past. And honestly, we don't have a ton of experience from the past... and each virus is a new beast.
Namaste. Celebrating the day, just by being alive and well. Immeasurably grateful for our health, our laughs, and our desire to support one another. Setting intentions on lovey-doveyness, and spreading it LIKE A VIRUS
Remember to turn your clocks ahead tonight Think of the benefits. One less hour for: Virus fear mongering. Media lies about Trump. Biden to sniff and grope. Bernie to buy a 4th house. Schiff to talk. Tulsi to wear that white suit. Mitt to backstab POTUS. Fox to go left.
You are entirely missing the point. It’s not about sympathy, it’s about trying to stop the spread of a virus that I will certainly survive, but those who are elderly and ill will not. And if your heart doesn’t care your head should. It is killing the economy
Anecdotal evidence- attendance at my son’s sooccer practice half of usual, everyone talking about the virus. Mostly “it’s just a flu”. Also overheard “stocks  back”
I'm sorry to be so blunt, but describing  to the nation about this virus as a tendency "to say what's on his mind, to go with his gut and accentuate the positive" is not, in any sense, the best you can do, @tamarakeithNPR
A very high number of cores caused by Corona in Qom. The Iranian people need urgent contributions to the  to prevent and treat patients with Corona virus because the ruling regime in Iran has the ability to control Ibn disease.  …
If you’ve used the bathrooms in Blocker you’re immune to the Corona Virus
My Home Depot cancelled the monthly kids workshop out of fear of corona virus. Look, if it spreads to home depot, it's out and there is nothing we can do. Let the kids make a freaking bird feeder before they die.
The virus has been known to have broken out since September Assume that Trump was informed earlier than that, even As he had the nerve to express yesterday - He wants the U.S. numbers to be low so he can claim he is doing a great job You don't test - you don't have cases
Imagine if weedand Arizonais the cure to Corona virus, What do you think would happen
OK I know we're all focused on the virus, but how concerned should we be about Manatee Man? 
why did my dad say corona virus isn’t entering Eritrea until it pays its 2%
Real question (not me trying to get out of going. Aswear down): Is going to the gym a good idea with the good sis Coron A. Virus out here getting whole festivals canceled?
Already seeing signs of this tactical shift, with Pompeo now insisting on calling it the "Wuhan virus."  …
Iran regime’s by not quarantining the city of Qom, the secrecy of news about the spread of Corona in Iran and not cancellation of flights from China caused the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and other countries. Tell the world #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
The handling of this corona virus situation stinks. “All statements have to be cleared by the White House”, It is like the Ministry of Propaganda.  …
Just In: Health Minister revealed that two staffs working at Kuredhoo Island Resort has been tested POSITIVE to COVID-19 Virus. They have been quarantined at the facility in Farukolhufushi, while the whole resort has been placed in “lockdown”.
The Islamic Republic is responsible for the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and the deaths of citizens 
#AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 even Chinese are puzzled why their people visiting Iran have contracted 11 new varieties of #Coronavid19 different to those found in China.The  regime in Tehran has spread the virus all World over & must be forced  with #WHO’s advices
I am sick to the fucking teeth of hearing Coroana virus this and that, not EVERY diagnosis needs to be 'Breaking News' its proper scaring people now more than it needs to. We are aware of the consequences, we dont need them shoved down our throat every 33 seconds!
Shanghai tightens airport checks as imported virus infections in China jump 
And if Cps does close due to the corona virus (like they did in Seattle), they NEED to pay staff. Many CPS staff cannot afford to live without getting paid. Many are still underwater after losing 10 days of pay from the strike, especially paras and secas who make less than 30k
SJWs take a break, relax, Corona virus gonna cancel everything for a bit.
This intellectual who read 80k books is saying that s0me scientist said him that corona virus can be cured by taking paracetamol. Listen @WHO u all are useless bunch with zero knowledge. plz try curing #coronavirus by paracetamol & save lives. Jai 
My mother-in-law said all the shelves at Trader Joe's were empty yesterday, which is perfect. 100,000 suburbanites frantically stocking their virus shelters with turbinado sugar almonds
Who is in charge of auditing all the federal assistance TN is getting for the tornadoes and the money authorized for the virus? The people want to know. We want an accounting of it. Don't say the government is...they want who? How many? What are their names? 
Mahan Air under control of #IRGC is main factor of spreading #Coronavirus in #Iran. While Corona virus outbreak was started, this airline was still open to China and still it is open. Take a look at these pictures. 
Not being funny but why are people panic buying toilet rolls? Does loo roll have a magical power against virus’s  …
President @realDonaldTrump blasts Democrats for "politicizing" the Corona virus outbreak. "They tried the impeachment hoax ... and this is their new hoax!" 
Corona virus ::: PSALM 91 :10 No evil shall befall you, Nor shall any  near your Dwellings !!!
the way that corona virus had to remind us all that most men don't wash their hands
It's estimated 4,800 people die per day in China due to pollution. 28 people have died due to the Corona virus in China in the last 24 hours. Factories are shut and pollution is down 20-30%. Probably the healthiest time ever in China.
if you’ve ever stepped foot on 4th floor toller you’re immune to the corona virus
Italy’s “patient one” is a 38-year-old marathoner who has been in the ICU for a month with respiratory failure. This virus is not something to be dismissed, regardless of your age or health status. Please take precautions.  …
The same people fighting over toilet paper and jugs of water are ordering Dominoes Pizza for dinner and eating at Golden Corral’s buffet without a thought to germs. Don’t let the misleadia gaslight you into this kinda stupid crap over a virus no worse then the flu
I was interviewed by the Chicago Tribune about the state of cleanliness in our schools and the corona virus. We barely have enough staff to spot clean messes and visible dirt. @AFTunion @CTULocal1 @rweingarten @iftaft  …
I know CPS is addressing these issues now due to the severity of the corona virus spreading, but these issues don’t just change over night. These policies and lack of school staff need to change and not just when we have a global virus scare.
We now have 2 people in Broward with #coronavirus & heartbreakingly 2 Floridians have died from the virus. I’m urging everyone to take precaution to prevent further spread of the disease. If you think you may have the virus, call the 24/7 #COVID19 call center: (866) 779-6121
. @DrJAshton answers viewer's questions about how to stay healthy in the wake of the new virus.  
PSA: All y’all goin back home and taking these Spring Break trips, don’t bring that mf virus bck to Alcorn
Maryam Rajavi’s Message to the Iranian People Maryam Rajavi, extended her condolences to the grieving families, who have lost loved ones, and offered her prayers for the quick recovery of those who have contracted this virus. #coroavirus #COVIDー19  …
I have a <family member/friend> who is a <insert health care professional title here> who works at <insert place of work> and he/she says <insert catastrophic prediction re Covid-19 virus here>. Half of Twitter right now.
Other countries are trying to stop the spread of the virus because they want to protect their people, Trump is trying to keep everyone from finding out how many are infected because he wants to protect Donald Trump.
Has Trump announced his bailout plan for the Cruise Lines while ignoring the cost to people of the virus they were exposed to-many on cruises?
If @realDonaldTrump used the Obama White House model to deal with a new virus, the only thing that would have been  at this point of any outbreak would be a CDC widget added to the White House webpage. Ben was laying on a couch in the Oval when the widget was added.  …
And I don’t think the public gets the importance of identifying cases. If you can identify where the virus is, you can slow the spread. If you can slow the spread, you can mitigate its damage. If the healthcare system gets overwhelmed, more people die. 
THREAD ON CORONA VIRUS IN CPS: Vaughn is a lovely, supportive school for our students w/ disabilities. We need more schools like Vaughn. It is also the worst possible school to have an employee infected with the corona virus because: -They have students bused in from all over Chi
the slow response in getting Americans tested for #coronavirus allows Pres. Trump to claim that there are few confirmed cases; such a cynical policy could have a nasty backlash if/when the virus begins to spread at an accelerating rate - blowing away his attempts to downplay it
#SoSickOf Mitch McConnell and Republicans who could have removed trump before this virus outbreak. But they refused to even hold an actual trial. They are responsible for the guy who thinks low reported numbers are more important than saving lives.
Influenza tears through the globe every year which means we have built up immunity and vaccines. Because COVID-19 is a new virus, there is no immunity and no vaccine. This means that the entire world population is at risk of  infected.  …
If you legitimately think that ALL Asians are carriers of the Corona Virus, you're blatantly ignorant. If you choose to physically harm someone because of this as well, you're a psycho. The jokes have been harmless but now the real racist are being shown. Be better than that.
If I’m gonna get the virus anyways might as well get it Greece  …
Here is the msm faking a rush on stores due to corona virus. Only problem they had to take everything off the shelf for the shot. 
The WH Coronavirus Task Force is advising everyone, "To avoid contact with either the virus or Donald Trump, use this gesture to protect your crotch" 
We have the biggest virus out break of our life time and Global economies are on their knees but Maldives government is not taking this matter seriously, as a professional liar, sexual aggressor, misogynist, a sprayer of saliva & instant filth thrower is in charge of briefings!! 
In his recent Friday Sermon His Holiness Worldwide Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community outlined guidance on corona virus. We should all abide by and follow the instructions that are given by governments and departments with regards to precautions [against the virus] 
Ladies & Gentlemen meet The Cure For Corona Virus  …
Bro. We all need to have interventions with elder family/friends about what they receive and share on WhatsApp. It’s not that hard to understand what’s fake. Making up fake rumors about corona virus is ridiculous.
Our healthcare system has no way to deal with negative externalities, like the chance your uninsured friend will infect you with a deadly virus. But at least we got rid of that liberty-stealing mandate.  …
dont mind me just tryna avoid corona virus  …
Corona virus you have crossed your limits 
Thread: Governments starting to manipulate supply chains in response to corona virus. Reveals underlying strategic vulnerabilities in specialization.
United States Cruise Ship in Limbo as Anti-virus Controls Spread. Officials in California are deciding where to dock a cruise ship with 21 coronavirus cases aboard. #CoronavirusUSA  …
Me this morning to Kuma: “you’re the best dog. You can never die because I can’t live without you.” Steven: **sneezes** Me to Steven: “you can’t die of Corona Virus because I’ve talked entirely too much shit on the internet.” Steven: ....... Steven:.....wait. What?
Este dato sobre el Corona (y otros virus) me parece fascinante a nivel evolutivo: "It’s also possible, hypothetically, that the virus  less deadly over time, through evolution: The most lethal versions of the virus essentially kill themselves when they kill their hosts".
CCP irked by #Taiwan’s excellent handling of Wuhan virus. #WuhanFlu #CoronaVirus Ironically, the CCP’s travel bans to Taiwan last year, which were designed to destroy their economy, actually helped save the 
A virus  high infectiousness and lethality that's many fold higher than normal flu.  …
If "Fuck The Corona Virus" Was A Person  …
If you ate Upstairs Powell you are immune to the corona virus
“There's a lot of panic. In some ways, I think the viral fear about it may be worse than the virus itself," Laurie said in a video posted on Instagram.  …
After the match players shook hands, exchanged shirts and hugged each other. But I'm sure the virus knows that post match doesn't count.  …
Legit question: If someone gets infected by the COVID-19 virus here in the Philippines, will the treatment be given for free?
while it's true that fear and panic will get us nowhere, it's best to assume the worst because the systems in place that are supposed to be protecting us are not working. the philippines is still accepting flights from virus hotspots and is woefully under prepared for cases -  …
#CillianMurphy: “... It’s  narrative trope in apocalypse movies where you realise the humans are worse than the aliens or the virus” ... 
Came across this incredibly well articulated post about #COVID19 on Facebook and couldn’t help but to share it. Dr. Abdu Sharkawy is an Infectious Diseases Specialist and breaks down why we shouldn’t fear the virus as much as we should fear our response to it. 
The Coronavirus is... Ukraine Call Russian Collusion Charlottesville Lies Emoluments Clause Etc Its a weapon used by Trump’s enemies to damage him. A virus with less than 20 US deaths has 24/7 hysterical news & cost Americans trillions? So obvious. Sick people pushing this.
If you went to foam nights at shampoo nightclub or club 27 you’re immune from corona virus. My philly people know
lets get this to 30k in less than a day period STREAM IT OR CATCH THE CORONA VIRUS 
“The scariest thing about this virus is the fact that there are a lot of people out there who don’t believe this is a scary virus” 
Again, for sane people-The NHS has said that they will forego treating elderly patients, who are the must at risk to die, if the virus gets worst.  …
Corona virus came here faster than most my deliveries from China do
This mad ma'am will bring an another virus- * #Marona* #Corona #CoronaAlert #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusReachesDelhi 
The NHS has said they will forego treating the elderly (the most vulnerable to the virus). Just shaddup
Trump and the republican's corona-virus policy sure seems to be the "3 DTs": Don't test Don't treat Don't tell It's time to remove one of the DTs....Donald Trump. @HouseDems @SpeakerPelosi
I don’t get it. What exactly are they spraying? At that rate, wouldn’t their backpacks be empty in minutes? Why are they ten men deep? Why are they spraying the empty road, when it’s people who have the virus? Is this all just propaganda? 
#US #MD #PA #BucksCounty #montgomerycounty Although 3 residents had flu-like symptoms after #Egypt trip, not tested for the virus for nearly 2 weeks, because at the time of their return, @CDCgov  tests only for people traveling in China  
Bernie says Obama deserves credit 4 GREAT ECONOMY(w his & Dems help) Jobs strong numbers have by far exceed expectations-even now w virus panic-that’s because of TRUMP POLICIES: Tax & Regulatory Reform Manufacturing, Construction Trade, Energy Obama had 8yrs & didn’t do it 
We live with the flu virus every year with many more deaths due to it than this current “epidemic”. Yet no one makes a big deal of it.
So did people not wash their hands before corona virus?
If this ends with Musk getting the virus .....  …
How old is trump? The virus is more dangerous to people over 55. There are several cases in Florida. Where is karma ?
"This fever of mistrust is the desired symptom of a powerful virus — a confidence-sapping worm of mutual suspicion — that Russia has planted in the operating system of American democracy." Over time, a little lead in your drinking water can make you dumb.  …
“We also know that the virus is natural.” Well that’s a relief; I HATE artificial viruses. They’re packed with E-numbers. No way am I giving those to my family.
The number of coronavirus cases in UK reaches 206 - 21,460 have been tested for the virus, Department of Health and Social Care says 
I don't get. China 'makes sacrifices' for the corona virus then demands media to apologize? The world does not owe China an apology but China owes the world the truth  …
Corona virus kills 3000 people and we all lose our shit.... obesity kills 300,000 annually and  out with a new Doritos flavour..... so just wash your hands like you’ve just ate a bag of zesty Doritos kids
Hux: Reducing the spread of a virus starts with basic hygiene. By washing our hands thoroughly- Kylo:  …
I think some other African countries should follow suit, the europeans and asian are actually the ones spreading the virus.
Probably shouldn't suggest this, because idiots will do it, but if you're gonna panic-buy, surely it makes more sense to stockpile food so you can hideaway, than stockpile hand-sanitiser which causes more virus transmission? People these days can't even do hysteria properly!
Lord please protect me & my loved ones from this virus it’s giving Bird box I’m beyond scared
BTW Don't panic guys. But stay vigilant and practice proper asepsis & preventive measures. If you know how the virus works, then you should know how to keep it away so you can go on your merry way (even w/ an infected next to you)~ :3 Knowledge is powah~
I hear, with ever decreasing sympathy, “well  flu kills xxx  True, but focus. This is good explanation from Dr leading vaccine efforts for #coronavirus (full video in thread) about why  fails. “What happens to this virus is up to us.”  …
Eloise was found with a horrid virus that ate her mouth and jaw, she has worms living inside her jaw bone and stayed at the vet for 2 months under heavy antibiotic therapy to save her life. She is now healed but somewhat disfigured, she is Beautiful to me though 
Consolation for virus-cancelled travel plans: "Without going out your door, know the world; without looking out the window, know the Dao of Heaven. The further you travel, the less you know." DDJ, 47, Eno translation (with one small change)
4800 people have died from influenza in the United States in 2020 so far.... 17 people have died from Corona virus.
Everyone is so worried about the corona virus introduced by China. Can we talk about these stink bugs, how they never die, live in my house all winter and cause terror among my children for no apparent reason?
#BBCAQ Good on the woman who just called in stating the fact that anti-BACTERIAL hand gel/ wash is for BACTERIA and the coronaVIRUS (CoViD19) is a VIRUS & therefore anti-BACTERIAL products are USELESS against viruses. FFS
He mocks Joe? He politicizes the virus? Said nothing about 2 deaths in Florida . He is going to Margo to play golf, melania is planning a tennis court?Trump told everyone to go to work sick and I guess that includes his staff there.Does he realize he is in the over 55 group?
Shops are running low on Toilet rolls, why? It's bulky, cheap & demand is fairly constant, so why waste precious warehouse space? Even a small virus-blip, a tiny delay, causes just-in-time shortages. Thought Experiment: Imagine what effect truck-queues at Calais might have.
Trump's plan to deal with COVID-19: Keep the numbers low by not testing Lie about a vaccine being available soon Keep the numbers low by stranding Americans on a cruise ship Lie about what a great job he's done containing the virus Hope it goes away in April when it warms
This paper suggests that the cancer drug camostat mesylate may be effective at treating #Covid_19. For those working with the virus, it also shows that #SARSCov2 should infect vero, calu-3, and caco2 cells  …
Meet Hossein Sheikholeslam, leader of the Iranian terrorist group who took 52 Americans hostage for 444 days. He died of the virus. America will rejoice. 
Infections of the virus, which originated in the Chinese city of Wuhan, have been reported around the world. 
1,000 infants dies each day from the abortion virus.
Turkish Airlines didn’t allow the Somali citizen Abdullahi Ahmed return Somalia from to Italy due to the Corona virus suspect. #Turkey protect #Somalia to Corona virus. 
I think he’s got a point. It’s outrageous that people are exploiting the corona virus for financial gain  …
