This is so deeply concerning. It’s getting almost zero media attention, and the skewed primary results could force a Democratic candidate to withdraw from the race. This is straight up *election rigging*. Un-American to the core.
Dear Colleagues at @ASCO #GU20 its tradition for @OncoAlert to award the Golden Tweet. This years GU20 saw new OncoAlert network members who were so prolific throughout the conference @DrYukselUrun & Martin Angel @Tincho_Angel .Thank you both &  to the 
My visual field is so small, I see too small of a piece of a larger photo to put in context-like looking at a puzzle one piece at a time and trying to assemble it in my mind. So I can slowly read, and I can rarely sorta see your avi. This is how I know @digitalsea___ is hot. 4/4
Oakley still lives but she's the 7th most overdue for death! Please keep sharing/pledging for rescue!  …
hey send me nudes when u get home so ik ur safe
I'm looking at all the SFV costumes and I'm glad one of E. Honda's is just.. Antonio 
No thanks...most of the country would rather fly to Wuhan, China & walk around without a  …
Inter is going to be the first club in history to have trophies in two different  …
A day later and niggas still mad I wore cargos to the museum lmao
shaded bust for @daddyk92 
Wow, I finally have a tweet worth 
Chattanooga, Tennessee is, to put it simply, Elizabeth Warren Country.
Due to Dems promising African Americans help for years, yet doing nothing, there's a "Black Awakening" spreading across our land. @realDonaldTrump has delivered lowest black unemployment in history, to start. #MAGA #FoxNews #SundayMotivation  …
Don’t let anyone convince you streaming & breaking records mean you can’t enjoy the music. This narrative  up during CB season. One of the many benefits to listening to new @BTS_twt music is being a part of history by breaking new records.
How do you suggest he do that? The project that is at the center of this dispute is entirely within provincial jurisdiction. What do you propose the PM do to end these blockades? 
I got Zelle, Cashapp, and  …
If you’re in Chicago for All Star Weekend I have posters for my KISS Edge Fixer Glued x Saweetie collab hidden everywhere. Take a pic with one and send it to me for a chance to win 2 tix to my private show tonight *Must be 21+ to 
the bad batch showing up in season 
Valpo dropped the season opener 9-3 on Saturday at Western Kentucky. Jonathan Temple had a pair of hits in his Valpo debut and Kyle Schmack had two walks plus a sac fly. Back in action on Sunday at 1.  
Xoxo 
Day for remember 
you had me waiting for the part where they sound 
FUNS  …
Watch–Angel Granddaughter: My Grandmother’s Murder ‘Could Have Been Avoided’ If Not for Sanctuary Law  via @BreitbartNews
We went to Boone NC today. There is a strange phenomenon that occurs there, it must be the Jeep Capital of the world we counted 52 Jeeps in under 30 minutes and less than a 5 mile radius (driving and parked) Strange part, almost no drivers wave!!! Irritated the fork out of 
Buying work clothes after 3 years of wearing all black to work is really getting my fashion imposter syndrome going. I. .uh, don't understand how fashion, even casual fashion, works.
Queen and slim has to get watched this  week, the reviews have been sensational
Just watch & 
STATE QUALIFIER!!!! Congratulations to Lily Green - she  in the 50 freestyle in Canton next week! . GO 
hat-trick de assalto
A few did in CT and NY
#haikufoundation response to #movingwater prompt. 
I will vote for a potato over Trump
isnt that just part of  an adult  …
if someone doesn’t have their age in their bio or carrd i assume they’re either like 12 or 25
 …
Meet me at @tonicroom tonight, we’re playing songs + supporting the 1 + only @BernieSanders S/O @thecurlsmusic + @donnie_biggins

stanning nct dream and exo is so refreshing, you can leave twitter for a week and won’t even have to ask your oomfs if you missed something
#Chelsea have stolen a march on their Premier League rivals in a bid to secure boyhood Blues fan Jadon Sancho's signature.
Thank you @AntonioSabatoJr for your bold words to the @GOP in 2016! President @realDonaldTrump has Delivered! He's working to #UpliftAllAmericans and provide a better future for our Children! 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Christian 
Goofynomics: Crescita  …
Problem with blind nationalism is that any opposition however mildly expressed is seen by them as a threat, an unpatriotic stake through the heart. So they react accordingly. Attacking women in this way is unforgiveable.
#100DaysOfCode D87 work on #SASS and #CSS tried to get multiple round random background images with #CSS conic-gradients. could get radial gradients using SVG. could use JS Practice random colours generation using SASS on text-shadow: with multiple values. 
#CavClan wins in walk off fashion on an Ashton Hawkins single! SP Tyson Cosgrove went the distance in  game, striking out 
Got a lil ’s on me nun 
Me to the flight attendant for first class 
The richest person in the world can’t pay someone to feel their feelings for them.
this ups driver always stops in even when he doesn't have anything to deliver just to say hi to oliver and give him treats and it's so 
I’d like to take a minute, for anyone who’s interested, to explain my blindness. People think of blindness as seeing nothing or seeing blackness. That’s probably true for a lot of blind folks. Not for me. I have late-stage retinitis pigmentosa. 1/4
my setups getting purplier by the day !(except the mouse but its okey i changed it to purple 
ave caused it. As an unapologetic socialist, Joshua is actively working to dismantle these systems and attack the climate crisis at its roots. We trust him to represent in Congress the interests of both disproportionately  and the youth.”
Villiantines day may be over, but our love for them never 
That's because the ABC interview was lazy theatee, what had to be said to get their corrupt scheme back on  …
Ladies and Gentlemen; please let me present to you the lowest round in @wvugolf history: by Logan Perkins 
- accepted without revisions - I saw this article/book chapter & thought of you - here’s a funding opportunity that fits your current  …
SHE SAID IM BEAUTIFUL WITHOUT MAKEUP AND DONT KNOW WHY I PUT IT ON SIMP SIMP SIMP  …
imagine meeting suranne like,,, actually having her be close to you and... saying hi to you.. and... hugging you... i would full on 
U ppl always wanna be nice for couple days when someone dies dnt u feel like frauds
Weishennies, crying: we miss Wayv Wayv, in the dorms, 
i think we should focus on the fact that the music industry continues to thrive while producers and songwriters get less and less royalties due to streaming. I feel as songwriters that should be our concern. Not if someone decides to put their loop on splice & a next man uses it.
placements fall apart because a collaborator wanted a four figure advance from an artist with no label and like a 500 person following, But I believed in them and the record. In sessions it’s great for starting ideas when you’re not talented musically (like Me).
I don’t get the splice slander. First of all, if a producer chooses to put their shit on splice then that’s their grind. Cool. Secondly splice is great for finding drums / percs / weird stuff. It’s also great for when you’re producing for indie artists with no budget. I’ve had...
Bruh once I was peeing and some girls went "omg her pee is so loud" and now I refuse to use public toilets unless I really have to ;-;
once my bubble wrap is finished I’ll be switching to cardboard jewelry boxes for my orders that way I can also write lil notes on the box with a sticker
12k views? let’s go 
im so so embarrased, the members saw staff mess up and push me to some random seat by force and get seperated from my group, and then kick me out when i wanted to rejoin my friends for photo op
In honor of @RealJamesWoods returning to Twitter with the fire from Olympus, tonight I'm watching Videodrome! Always one of my favorites, but then I have a nostalgic affection for movies about 1980s cable networks (Scrooged, Gremlins 2, 
Does anyone actually LIKE Nancy Pelosi? That's a genuine question. I mean, I know she's a good attack dog for Dems, but... she's detestable.
i think about this a 
That extra-inning walk-off feeling #GoHPU x 
Japanese media Kyoto News reported that @WHO experts said during an emergency meeting in Yokohama that while the number of infection is dwindling in #Wuhan, the world is now worried about the scale of the outbreak in 
Thank you too @Coach_Mul and @screscue9 for the great experience today in 
I go downstairs, turn on the TV, flip through channels, see The Last Crusade is on, it gets  break and it’s Indiana Jones picking out his grail. Absolutely typical.
O When I Get Home da Solange 
Thank you @GamerAdvantage for the dope package! Super excited to try these out. This tweet isn’t sponsored but #ad because it’s free 
#ShitStirWeekEnd...1 minute after me... #HoHoHo #SCOTUS  …
DROP EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING AND RT to vote #Lover #BestRemix #iHeartAwards !! @taylornation13 @taylorswift13
mind ya business
The crispiest of stunts thrown in Boone Pickens Stadium today 
when you see some ugly mf in the 
kinda miss the gift era. listening to the album and watching the doc takes me right back to summer when i was on holiday and it makes me feel so happy and 
Happy Mardi Gras! 
Since I never smile and I felt cute today 
“most people don’t care about reylos the way reylos care about other fandoms” there are multiple accounts dedicated to harassing us. we get sent death and r*pe threats on the daily. hundreds of us have been doxxed and harassed.
Now this is symmetry! What an absolute cracker of a photo by @grandcidium Look @TeoNugent1 on Galaxy Raider @FlemingtonVRC 
My shop update is live! 5 new prints available!  … pls RT 
Marcell Frazier terrorizing XFL QBs 
Congratulations to former ⁦ @wildcatselect⁩ ⁦ @luke_frazier5⁩ on back-2-back conference championships. Luke will attend Dayton next 
 …
I like cooking 
If you’re too shy FUCKS ME UP I love it so much

Aim assist is op  …
Is it just always fashion week now?
sick android bro!! Haha!! I'm about to "blue skidoo, we can too" into a painting and cease to exist haha!  
Is Rory a contestant or the house therapist 
I played a game called Unstable Unicorns with some friends and this was one of the cards, so I was legally required to draw 
GOT ‘EM! @SilasArdoin4 guns down a potential base stealer in his Texas debut and @tymadden11 Ks the next batter to end the threat in the 3rd! 
Safe flight naa 
All the booze 
The way this video  up in my mind when I listen to 
Through the wire!!!! @HoHighlights @PeeWeeDaPlug @KOT4Q @Dmills_hoh 
my personal 
SIS I— 
Seventeen wins. Zero Losses. You can't beat Rutgers at the RAC! (via 
JPT’s Winter percussion won first place today!! Way to 
Gonna write a 1,000-word blog post about how im going to fart on the capitol steps and kick down the door to make sure they dont pass laws to stop me
Nah 50 cent is  …
You don’t see this little man crying!! He’s not a liberal
frank,first,marc,and khaotung dressing up as punn (gun’s character in the gifted) during last years gmmtv outing. 
In the business news down the screen, exchange rate was N158 naira to a dollar. Abeg what is it 
I just wanna go out on a date.
So proud of @MckennaSims01 for sharing her story! She is such an incredible young woman on and off the court. Thank you for being such a positive light in our program.  …
"what if i say that's an integral part of me?" "i'd say you're an idiot." kuroo grins now. "of course you would." he looks at kenma and, finally, sees kenma looking back. and he tells himself he's ever going to let go again. his chest feels a weird kind of warm.
Christian Coleman didn't even need a great start to run the second-fastest 60m 
yibo really just existing. being the goodest 
This video just told me to continue to get my shit together because it will be worth it in the  …

The End Read: 
I see you John Warren 
NO WAY AIM ASSIST AINT NERFED BEFORE WC 2020. Legit so broken, ive never witness anything like this in my whole boomer life
Tonight marked my 100th show at @sixthemusical !!! . . Started my journey here as Seymour and hit my 100 mark as Seymour. . . Same track, slightly upgraded costume . . Always love the shots the fans…  …
Our separation of powers are at risk. Last President's Day, I announced a challenge to @POTUS's illegal diversion of funds to build a border wall. Sadly, @POTUS continues to divert funds, including from Peterson Air Force base, while this case  …
Can you imagine if we had this leadership during the Cuban Missile Crisis? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Me to my anxiety when it starts acting up in social 
I can’t believe Espo would do this Unfollowed Blocked Reported Never talk to me or my family  …
Husband-Wife wali noj jhok! Look at Sakht Launda being a biddable almost-pati by  another woman without his baby's permission. Ufff, kya se kya hogaye Shukla Ji dekhte dekhte! #SidNaaz #SidharthShukla #ShehnaazGill 
Three weeks from today I’ll be flying over the Atlantic for a 12-day work trip that includes London, Cambridge, and a long weekend in Cumbria. 16YO is tagging along for first trip abroad. So grateful, so thankful for this book life.
This anti-bike lane campaign in SLP is a NIMBY home run: - Pretends to be about safe streets - Wants to save “heritage trees” - Mentions “historic” neighborhood - Uses term “livability” - Concerned about scarcely used  …
Niccas don’t go after they opps nomo, they rather snake they homies and set they own potnas up
They should’ve used this one for 
Well said @IrvineWelsh ! I wonder what he would post if one of the women he publicly bullies on a regular basis took their life. He is relentless & @ITV should be ashamed for giving him the platform & enabling him.
What the heck! My buddy Roxy and his brofer Higgins is on Twitter guys!! I hike wif them all the time so give them a  …
There are problems, both with some libertarians who like purity tests and some libertarians who hate purity tests. I think it will be better if the former could express themselves without the nastiness, while the latter could stop dismissing consistency merely as 'purity tests.'
Okay can ya’ll guess what’s happening without context. I’m tryna see 
I finally got a  today and I am IN HEAVEN. It doesn't give me the spinny circle thing whenever I switch tabs or type something or look at it without smiling. It also will let me play games newer than 2009! That being said, I am currently downloading a game from 2008.
I’m not a Bernie fan and especially when I hear Tulsi might be his VP choice, I live in Hawaii and she has betrayed the Democrats here, one of our retired governors is requesting she surrender her seat, only votes PRESENT
Yamamoto up to 8-9-17 in 17GP. #Oilers are 11-4-2 with him in the lineup. Koskinen makes 33 saves. Draisaitl nets his 10th game winner of the season. Overtime Openline now on 
Bankruptcy Update: Amended filing, claims $548 in Paypal account. Just got paid by Twitch, but that doesn't count 
National Treasure  …
i don’t hate anybody, but i will remember the disrespect cuz i don’t play about it.
As we move to the election I want to show all #TrumpSupporters just what trump has done with his promises so far. Please note all of this is researchable. Please don’t argue with me until you’ve done your homework. #TrumpLies #trumpisunfit 
Wherever the axe 
February 17th, 1998 Mortician released: Zombie Apocalypse EP  
Over the past 3 months, I’ve had the pleasure to work with one of the sweetest and most professional person I have ever met. @martiallawre the SI would not be the same without you.  …
i made a shooky frap 
Walmart Soundwave reissue! Don’t sleep on this one peeps! Make sure you snag them at low price of $13. On clearance!!! Check brickseek inventory before going! Good luck! #transformers #retro 
"Asked for their views on the personal characteristics of several Democratic presidential contenders and of President Donald Trump, voters consistently gave Sanders the highest marks for his values and empathy."  …
The room is over capacity at NBA Commissioner Adam Silver’s annual All-Star press 
Day one of #StormDennis brought wind gusts as high as 91mph and over half a month's worth of rainfall in places Here is a look back at the weather from Saturday 
American Airlines passenger in seat recliner controversy wants to press charges, flight attendant fired  #FoxNews
Happy #joviday couldn't sleep without wishing a gods day. @JoviLeMonstre #mbokogang #mbokogods limbe turn up let's have 
We live in a world where Auburn gets everybody’s best shot.
There’s so much love inside my anus if you just reach for it.
So that’s Johnson's cabinet, chairing the ERG and now oddball Buddhist sect, ⁦ @SuellaBraverman⁩ you need to talk to someone about your addiction to cults. attorney general Suella Braverman belongs to controversial Buddhist sect |The  …
You think teenage girls should be forced to take the pill in order avoid joining a so called “under class” @tomhfh? Because I think you’re dying in a dickhead ditch here, if  …
#unc0ver JAILBREAK NOW AVAILABLE iOS 13.0 - 13.3 Jailbreak for iPhone XR/XS/XS Max & iPhone 11/11 Pro/11 Pro Max is HERE. Install directly from Safari!  needed) 
They’ve been destroying records for four  …
#MAGAROLLERCOASTER Coaches to Trumpville @realDonaldTrump @GenFlynn @lofly727 @militarysweep2 @ronnuke @mgmeisch @Baakpolat19 @THillborn @RickHough5 @QmagaMike @BueckerFerdie @dunbdav @Lisa_Patriot1 @tommcintyre1947 @RonnieLouise2 @mirloXXbob @Anonagain3 @cullyy 
2 years ago we told everyone how Jeffrey Epstein hosted a dinner party at his mansion for Prince Andrew, in 2010, months after he got out of jail, and the many celebrities who  …
Me: they said hi back  …
When your friend leaves you to go into the "real 
Highlight reel material by @Mc11wain! @NCAACWS | 
Burna Boy unfollowed everyone on Instagram few days back and only followed his babe. Man's good but who you dey beef? Drop diss and be specific. He's fighting unseen enemies.
When your new white friend Robert tells you to call him 
respect bro
Except you are though.
This is to say you don't know oyemyyke cos this ain't energy sef.
I misspoke and said today instead of yesterday I've already handed in my microphone and hopped on a plane to EU to atone for my mistakes  …
TCU wins 68-57 over Kansas State. Bane scores 17 to lead the Frogs; Nembhard and Grayer pitch in 15 each.

When I get overwhelmed by chaos, it helps to have a list. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Idris Abdulkareem fought show organisers for treating US artistes better than naija artistes. WizKid and Yemi Alade boycotted BET for giving African artistes award backstage! But burna feels he's done more because  that coachella had his name in small fonts
Keep being the diamond you are Champ. You have definitely used your platform to bring awareness and you inspire millions to keep fighting the big fight. So proud of you for all you do & for being you 
what if i made this my 
I want my self confidence back
yo @eMLS the boys are in the building #MNUFC 
the face i make when he’s not in the mood for anal  …
I just bought this 
Latest Powell’s Haul deserves portrait 
This is why @OvertimeCole never takes his hat 
whole lot of baFOOnery 
1st Half Preseason Overreactions: DePuy should be a starter Pavon League MVP Red Cards should be illegal Katai will be fun to watch Pipo needs to get better #LAGalaxy #MLS #LAvTOR #Preseason #CH14
I am currently packaging up orders and will update tracking shortly. I’ll be finishing the rest of customs tonight which means I’ll be responding about future customs tomorrow. Emails are closed Sat/Sun but i will be back emailing Monday, 9A CT
Let's try this again... It's not quite Fight Night tonight, but it is time for the second episode of "Microphones & Mouthpieces" with Jason Jackson! Featuring: Robert Guilliman Cal McCluskey Delaney Donovan  
might post this on Facebook to make friends with 
When I was arrested @StandardMediaKe said @DCI_Kenya sources had told them that @FBI had investigated the case, traced source of letter. In Court DCI investigators said FBI was NEVER contacted & author was NEVER found. THE Standard loves these stories of Giants and 
okay, so i have solution, everytime you say cyber, look him dead in the eyes and say sibber. if he questions, maintain eye contact, and go on a rant about how its sibber and not cyber,
Some sad news: I heard from Taylor McCowan’s family today. She passed away today from her injuries she suffered in a car crash about two weeks ago. I can’t begin to imagine the heartbreak her family and friends are feeling.  … @KHOU 
Only two players have scored 10+ goals and provided 10+ assists in Europe's top five leagues this season: Jadon Sancho: 13 goals, 13 assists Lionel Messi: 14 goals, 10 assists Leo showing his consistency against  AND 
And just for the record: Folty did NOT give up 10 runs. His catcher dropped strike 3, his defense botched 2 double plays and he wasn’t the only pitcher to give up runs in that inning.  …
i love @salyonce with all my heart, this subject can be v triggering yet here she is destroying one harasser after another. im so sorry for anyone who had to go thro this its time ur words speak louder than their actions. its time u stand up and they hide not the other way around
the straight men that scream that “pedicures & manicures are too gay” have nails like  …
Bloomberg has explicitly stated his purpose is NOT to win the Dem nomination He's only there for 2 reasons 1) To Stop Sanders from getting 50% delegates 2) To be such a douche that he makes others like Buttigieg look like saints, so Dems are forced to unite behind a centrist
Game over! @Ben_Leeper5 slams the door with a K and the Cowboys get their first win of the 2020 season! #GoPokes 
Have you voted yet today?! You need to vote now! I’m voting for #YouNeedToCalmDown to win #BestLyrics at the #iHeartAwards. RETWEET to vote! @taylorswift13 
I shouldn’t be laughing this hard because of the risk to the dog, but the look on that pup’s face! It is feeling no  …
[oc] I've woken up on one too many floors but my favorite was 
First in 
Katie Couric said on Bill Maher that Bloomberg has hired  writer, a narcissism expert, and paired them together to strategize how to win the election. That's exactly what I pitched to every campaign two years ago. Why is Bloomberg the only one who gets it?
Guys being 
if another person reminds me eddie is dead i swear to god ill burst into tears and deactivate thats what im gonna do
I'm not a fan of Love Island but maybe it's not the show itself but rather the type of people it attracts that are mentally unstable from the hosts to the contestants to the viewers.
[] ATEENZ TREASURE EP.FIN : All To Action Teaser '문(MOON)' . ALBUM RELEASE 2020. 02. 24 6PM . #All_To_Action #ATEENZ #에이티즈 #WONDERLAND 
Had a mental breakdown and died my hair 
29 years ago today, Dan Aykroyd's NOTHING BUT TROUBLE (originally titled VALKENVANIA and R-rated) premiered in US cinemas. The Bonestripper murder-coaster and dining table condiment train were crew ideas that Aykroyd loved, so he included ‘em. I adore this odd disaster of a 
Cristian Pavon. thats it thats the tweet
Denizens of Los Angeles, please note: I will be playing a FREE concert of solo electric guitar pieces relating to Morocco Paintings by Dennis Hopper TONIGHT at 7PM in the gallery where the works are being shown. Come on by and check out the confluence.....
ME: i am STRONG and can do ANYTHING ME WHEN I HAVE A COLD: i fear i have not the strength to again arise from this lounge. my family has been summoned for their final bequeathments. i think most what i shall miss of earth is the sound of nightingales singing in the morning...
My panties are so wet right 
Just like @GovernorVA made mention that we were “over” his Blackface scandal... when in fact, it was still on our minds here in VA. Northam  from a family b/g of slave owners. If @realDonaldTrump has to face criticisms over his past, Mikey & Ralphie should own theirs!
Yes ty, James. Both @TheSun & @DailyMailUK are rancid trash ran by spineless anonymous cowards. They once posted photos of Matthew Fox (lookin like a 10/10) & claimed he was “losing his looks” & was “unrecognizable” simply because he was... aging beautifully? Idk. They just suck. 
this is that spiderman durag nigga y’all be laughin w 
Guy: "You're racist!" Me: "Why?" Guy: "You refer to yourself as a Jew!"
“We were happy. The Zionists came and inflicted a catastrophe. They left us no land, they left us no gardens or fields.” Watch full video:  
This is BFD Sanders voted AGAINST both Amber Alert and S-CHIP, healthcare for children. How can anyone with Children vote for  …
We need to do our studies of human behavioral ecology on industrialized and global north societies as well as foragers if we really are to study the human species @robingnelson
“Doing me” doesn’t involve a nigga
Chinese Astrology is going mainstream. Encyclopedia Britannica now mentions people born in Rat years in 2020 the year of the Rat. “Are you a Rat?” We are in the age of Aquarius 100% which is all about esoteric 
Let ya Pussycat rest 
a vibe 
'In his second term, for the sake of the American Republic, Trump must declare war on the administrative state and its many usurpations of power. He must break it apart, dismantle it, fire people, devolve power out of Washington, D.C.'  …
From the Bahamas to Chi-Town. Through the Wireeee #HOHLive @Mikebeenhere @PeeWeeDaPlug @KOT4Q 
yuO CANOT SEA MME im joN 
1st in @Lan_ETS qualifications i guess ggs 
Time to kick off a canvass in Orlando, Florida! Shoutout to #TeamWarren organizer Sal, who spent the day helping our volunteers prepare to knock 
Matrix 4 Set Video May Reveal Trinity's New Neo-Like Powers  
 … Smugglers are sawing through new sections of Trump's border ...
Whenever I hear T.I. speak reminds me of Oswald Bates from In Living 
Two of the best I’ve ever been around! @jeffokudah @j_fuller4 Awesome to see them this weekend.  …
Here's a great book I read and reviewed. I loved it.  
Watching old @AdamRichman episodes of Man V Food will forever be my happy place
Kansas and Baylor  for one loss. Nobody else in the Big 12 has fewer than five losses. Top-heavy league is top-heavy.
Or you could say £13 a month for all these radio stations, TV channels, website, World Services, orchestras... is worthwhile public funded investment that will never be achieved again using a model that lets Netflix run as a £5 a month loss-leader to deliver a fraction of  …
Very entertaining, with the strong points being likable and varied characters, good fighting coreography and great setpieces/minor worldbuilding. However, it plays things very safe and rarely dares to be much more than just a traditional shonen. Which makes the writing suffer
Series: Clinched! Tulane takes game two and the series against FGCU! 
When a school administrator told students they could not fly the American flag - they showed up at school the next day with American flags on their cars & pickup 
awsten stans: chaotic as fuck and are full of obnoxious energy otto stans: some are baby others are fucking terrifying geoff stans: somewhat chaotic but very sweet and are probably hyper jawn stans: simply unproblematic travis stans: if they tweet a typo they delete it
Burna tried to hype himself which is totally not a crime,but it’s still we we naija people that’s dissing and insulting him (sighs)...sometimes I just wish I’m a Togolese.
how is being a father  …
It’s official: @JustinTrudeau’s trip is officially worse than @PeterMacKay’s campaign.
I mean they literally are endorsements according to Twitter's algorithm, which blatantly uses follower count to decide how "important" you are
Red Light Special 
The Memphis Tigers have arrived in 
The Pakatan Harapan wild  …
ariana 
Were you a citrus fruit? Who knows..., But in your absence Any sweetness has been a Vague reproduction An echo of a necessity That tasted of luxury. (Sarah Spang) Paintings by Ángeles M. Pomata 
What’s your Saturday look 
Open for a surprise 
Happy three months to my baby 
Thanks for your hard work @Pwn20wnd. Everything works so smooth :) 
Oomfs how much of you guys watch/have watched Yuri On Ice ??,it’s one of my fav animes 

me praying at church: “-and please help me to have fun at the clubs this weekend, amen.”
Classic H&F @LazerzZHD @LongEaredFox 
The Khalsa Army had no backing of their superiors during the first Anglo-Sikh war. The top generals and key nobles in the Lahore Darbar had sold them out but many still chose death. Remember the last charge of the elderly Sardar Sham Singh Attariwala
Just getting started! Celebrating 3 years #Heavy #OneMoreLight 
The golden hour arrives for this boy. Floof in the breeze. Sun on his face. Nothing better.... (Englishgoldenkobe 
Freshman lefty @c_jones30 and senior CF @BH1SZN are the top players from today’s 7-5 win over St. John’s as the Panthers improved to 2-0. Next up: Sunday vs. Saint Peter’s at 1 
Before the Haskell Indian Nations University women's basketball game vs Oglala Lakota College, Miracle Spotted Bear sang a prayer song for the teams. #NativeAthletes #HINU #OLC 
Lately I have found myself spending more time on the Anglo-Sikh wars. The sacrifice of thousands of Sikhs to protect their sovereignty has been forgotten largely because of the  of these wars. Many chose to die fighting the British rather than  …
The day Seungkwan became mentally exhausted because of the members. @pledis_17 #BOOtifulSeungkwan 
So much pressure for everyone to be this perfect role model all the time. We are HUMANS. We make mistakes. Just not everyone does it with cameras/tabloids waiting to write about it and magnify the issue. The fear of judgement 24/7. Self doubt. Criticism. Insecurities. Paranoia.
I wonder how many geniuses gave up on their passion cuz no one recognized how amazing they were & that makes me sad
I'm learning about the art of story and inherently character arcs. When a character has a pos. or neg. arc they change and grow as a person. When they have a flat arc the world changes they don't. Folks who play victim and want the world to change don't develop character.
Proud of this guy. Poise and confidence. First of many young buck. Keep Hammering. @__robertmoore_  …

Facebook 
State Bound for Dani!  …
Watching Inception and realizing these niggas whole careers was just taking naps.
Sinigang would smack rn
Just wanted to say that I’m so proud of everyone who has spoken out about their experiences and problems tonight and even if you havnt . You are all so strong and brave. Please never feel like your alone because there is always someone that you can talk to and they will listen
Join us tomorrow! #Greensboro #Erica2020 #EricaforUS #NorthCarolina #NCSenate 
ppl really keep asking me if i was surprised... duh if i would’ve known i would’ve brushed my hair 
How do you recover an Xbox account that you only have the gamer tag for?
my dawg, you ain’t have  …
I can’t believe it’s been nine years since Shaq’s been on here
50 
This is so intense 
I cry about the fact that I’ll never ever will here spring day 
rt this and I'll DM u something uWu
Taba guapete 
Jay Sirianni weighs in on @BearkatsBSB’s second straight shutout win to start the 2020 
Size Plays Angry High-point skills @dmantherealest1 WR Texas A & M 
Gonna do a BUNCH of Account Drops Show me your active
Need good vibes and cute pet pictures...plz flood me with them :(
Females are weird. I don’t have friends for that particular reason
Another win where I feel like this team really had to dig deep. The record may show 10 straight, and outsiders looking in think “domination”. But that’s not the case. We are battling for every goal, every win. This team has never been set up better for the playoffs. #GoBolts
With ease. This guy hit the DL after getting jerked off in a massage parlor last year
This is one of the best 
Wow! Renee Gillispie has Iowa softball moving back in the right direction. Very  …
my dad says he tried to call in at his job 40 years ago to take my mom out on their first date, they didn’t wanna let him take the day so he sprayed cologne in his eye and put soap in it so it‘d look like he had pink eye and they’d send him home lmfaoooo
"The jury found his true character." @StormyDaniels rips her former lawyer after he's convicted of attempting to extort @Nike. @MichaelAvenatti is expected to be sentenced in 
How far away are  …
Why the don’t have drive through crawfish places
Saw this and felt so called out 
5 year old Iroh was brought to the shelter. He has a fractured tooth and should be watched for signs of a URI. Iroh allowed handling but was a bit growly when intake tried to examine him when he was eating. Iroh wants to meet you at MACC - please foster  
Happy 24th mahal! i love you so 
My question is who is he angry at??? In this life is it every time or everything u must win... Some people are d best but can't win it all... If u think say i dey lie go check messi n ronaldo if any of them don win world cup..
Can't wait to finish this!! @MikeSixR 
I will get drunk if I want to get drunk thank you very much my liver is my own concern not yours so quit indirecting me about what I tweet because that is my choice thanks  to my ted talk
Finally brethren, the  of Jesus is nigh. Unlike when you were still in the shackles of the law and false doctrine, this announcement used to bring fear and uncertainty to your heart, but now? Joy!! assurance! Jesus  soon!!
i don’t know about you but i was raised to care for my wife. cook for her, clean for her and make sure she is cared 
The more I think about these free throws, the more impressive I get • Up 2 points • Only 1:37 left in the game • One hand (his off hand) • Buries them both This is as clutch as it  …
How can talks over triggering a clause be advanced? What, are they hovering their finger over the send button on the fax  …
Do something awesoME! and RETWEET to vote #Me for the #BestMusicVideo for the #iHeartAwards @taylornation13 @taylorswift13 
How on earth did this 
I••Alexa Meade, ••  #EyaAlexaMeade @AlexaMeadeArt twitter Installation 
This boils the Bloomberg response to #stopandfrisk pretty succcinctly and  …
yes she does Blue  …
@Jasonguad2020 Sectional CHAMP @285. We goin to State!!!! @MundBoosterClub @MundeleinHS @GoMHS_Athletics @MHS_Principal @MHSAnnouncemen1 @mhssupt #MHSwrestling 
Kings like you only deserve first class!
Nothing better than talking #hunting with other enthusiasts on a Saturday afternoon at the Western Hunting and #Conservation 
Convicted Extortionist, @MichaelAvenatti, claimed President @realDonaldTrump wouldn't last his 1st Term. #Avenatti will be sentenced in June; he has 2 other Federal trials between now and then. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
I ASKED KIHYUN CAN I HOLD YOUR HAND AND HES LIKE “SURE” OEIFKFKDKFFJ SJFKFKCKCKJFFOKVJFR FNFKFKFJDK
Joel Farabee: I want to be rebellious but I don't want to get in trouble.

I swear i am not leaving this app. The lady i posted crying for injection, wani ya ganota  …
77: The Communists We Became Along the Way @hmsnofun @ayshaufarah Aysha and Sarah get together to talk radical leftism in Homestuck and abroad. Topics: Better Call Terezi, self-radicalization, wage theft, and loser ideologies.  .  
“I think Geo is the best closer in college basketball.” - @CoachUnderwood #GardenStatement ||| 
¿Ya las has 
The last time All-Star Weekend descended upon Chicago, Michael Jordan jumped from the free throw line and sent the NBA into the stratosphere. @jakemalooley looks back on how one frigid weekend in the Windy City changed 
deadass thought this was sidong. the way i almost dropped dead lmao. me  …
honestly @FunnyAstro's stroke game on another level 
The Panthers have arrived at Gentile Arena! 
Self esteem and confidence are two very different things; someone could appear extremely confident but still lack self esteem.
Besides his heart-melting puppy dog eyes, Jedediah is adorably fuzzy, giving him a distinctive appearance. He is a sweetheart with people, plays well with toys and takes treats gently. A bit unsure about kennel life, he now seems to  out of his shell. #adopt 
me: hey, have you seen my boobs? I need to go out sis: .... me: .... me: you're wearing them, aren't you?
tl's a mess so here's handsome dongpyo for a tl cleanse 
Developer Sahag  Taliesin Associates to design the motel, and Peters was the lead designer for the 
Atlantic Records: Hey Burna, we want a jam! But please... No sampling of Fela or someone else's music. Be original! 
Let's blame everything except my meal  …
Enjoying the art at the @FriezeArtFair 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Red Athletic Boys T-Shirt.  … via @poshmarkapp #shopmycloset
Is anything EVER going to be done about the injustice in this country?
Remember support #savesupergirl Do it for the lgbt characters erased For the background lgbt characters killed off The main characters like Nia sidelined for william dansen with their screen time taken away in 5b Supercorp queerbaited & everything else 
William Wesley Peters, The Snow Flake Motel (1961-62, Demolished 2006) Lincoln Township, MI Snow Flake Motel was built on the Red Arrow Highway, just outside of St. Joseph and a few blocks away from the shore of Lake Michigan. Photos: Various 
Look at them! They’re like Family!! #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @ygofficialblink  …
Panel discussions on Armenia-Azerbaijan Nagorno-Karabakh conflict held as part of Munich Security Conference  … 
Allah shi ma shugaban kasar Nigeria 2023. Birthday wishes to our giant  …
In front of a petty pale crowd @PeteButtigieg claims Blacks are suffering because of @realDonaldTrump more than any other demographic. I guess historic low unemployment, exonerating unfairly imprisoned POC & opportunity zones = ‘suffering’ in Pete’s 
I cant even tell you how many times i listened to this. the note change is doing things to my heart gosh it’s the most beautiful thing i’ve ever 
Hey just letting everyone know that none of us have ever taken cannabis - 
Got bored so I changed my apps to a 4-2-3-1 
we just label the back to back as harness bois and the into is a 2 minute montage of us getting clipped into an over the top rigging system IM JUST SPIT BALLIN HERE
Entergyyyyyyy!
New #BerenSaat #Atiye #TheGift #Beren2020 QUEEN @berensaat 
A #NASA satellite 's pictures of rocks placed in a line ( 30 Miles Long ) n it's analysis proved it is #RamSetu - A Bridge made by VaanarSena for #LordRam to crossover to #SriLanka. Dr @Swamy39 is trying to get it declared as National Heritage Monument. #Ramayana #mythology 
A colleague of mine just told me that in college, his psych professor made all the answers on a 200 question test “A” to measure their reactions. What kind of fucking monster......
A reminder of what a real president looks  …
The absolute audacity of 
The only thing better than cake is leftover cake with ice cream and crushed up thin mints on top.
Imagine if a woman noticed no current presence of women in an industry, that previously held women but considered them as lessers to their male counterparts, so they died out. But her & her alter egos maneuvered & dominated the entirety of the male & female rap markets. 
is that thing about kanye making the kardashians circle words in the dictionary real or was it a product of my feverish imagination
New report offers evidence on the deterrent effects of U.S. overseas military forces. It investigates how these effects might vary by the type, size, and location of forces, as well as the effects of U.S. forces deployed in the midst of 
Barbie 
LOB 
Mauricio Pochettino is reportedly the favourite to replace Pep Guardiola if he decides to leave Manchester City. That's the latest gossip.  
We are now 
Climate change is a health emergency. As physicians, we regularly see the ways in which it’s already damaging the health of our patients. This is already happening. And this is just the beginning. #ActOnClimate  …
You know it’s a Kingsville baseball game when the pitcher has a mullet longer than the hair on your girls head.
Im too hot to be sad
Let’em know @JalenSuggs2020 go put on a  …
Many of my friends and family see me as "over the top" or "radical". They're not even conservative. They think I'm radical because I will accept nothing less than racial justice, healthcare for everyone, a living wage and aggressive climate policy. That's not too much to ask.
That's exactly what is driving Democrats crazy! Democrat agenda is total government control and dependance.
I truly believe that this movie should be in the #Roadhouse class of movie hall of fame thoughts?  …
Well this isn’t at all worrisome, is it? Lookit, social media is a cesspool, no doubt. But I will argue to the death everyone’s right to say the awful things they say. Free speech isn’t always  …
Will leave everything here so everyone can read how’s the exact situation right 
I dont think it was a hater, they probably just wanted some attention from her
Anti-pipeline activists shutting down our country basically admit that this is not an Indigenous effort but instead one of non-First Nations socialist & climate groups exploiting this one issue for their radical agenda.  … #bcpoli #ShutDownCanada
there’s “stan twitter oscars”? please say 
ay ben  n get 
I wish my uni friends lived closer, hardest thing after you graduate
Just watched @Stephdavis77 video i totally agree with her something has to change. Too many people are being targeted by the press and trolls and this is the affect its having. We are all human and nobody deserves to feel the way poor Caroline has been made to feel #CarolinesLaw
Bro it’s creepy having someone you don’t talk to romantically say they’re IN LOVE WITH YOU...that’s not love that’s infatuation/borderline obsession and it is not healthy, I used to be the same way when I was a teen/pre teen and it’s not cool
"be there or be square"
i... have to talk about what i found in goodwill today... if it was 2013 i would wear these... 
Netherlandish 
Little guy didn’t even feel it 
the “you used to wear newspapers in your shoes” scene makes me so sad i want to rip off my face
My next Album ''GRATITUDE'' is Heavy!
Life is hard. Here are 
keep the tea on the fridge not 
Mamamoo x Little Mix collab WHEN  …
#NCCUBaseball freshman Andre White went 3-for-4 with a two-RBI triple for the Eagles in his first career game, but the Eagles drop a close one against Radford. Photo: Jenna Hiscock #EaglePride 
a thread of stuff to make you interested in pink fantasy
Play of the 
Turn on my notifications () to gain followers everyday ♡ • Reply with proof for 100+ ffs • Add me to your gain lists • Follow whoever likes & retweets
"Iowa and New Hampshire are not representative of the country. He's going to do well in Nevada, he's going to do extremely well in South Carolina. So, people should not be counting Joe Biden out of the race yet,” Reid said"  …
carlos reyes please be my bestfriend 
Thanks for an amazing SOLD OUT show  @AshleyMcBryde, and @drewparkerplays! Relive last night's legendary concert with these 
They cute or 
Washington Youth Climate Strike is endorsing Joshua Collins for Washington’s 10th Congressional District @joshua4congress !! Our official statement: “Joshua has a deep understanding of the many intersections of the climate crisis, and of the political and economic systems 
Some grad students at another university asked me to speak to them about strategies for dealing with harsh peer reviews. I didn't have time to speak at their seminar, but I did have some time to write down my  …
We got em right where we want em
Jetting around the world pretenting to be a diplomat but we know she is making deals for another sweat shop, and Americans for some stupid reason are ok with subsidizing her business  …
I hope you’ll join me on Wednesday to chat about creating safe, inclusive, & equitable learning environments for LGBTQ+ students! #OKtoSayThey @dbc_inc  …
I feel the pain and can relate to every word of this post, even though I never interviewed at FAANG. The Horrifically Dystopian World of Software Engineering  …
The more I dig the more wore down and disheartened I  in the fight to expose healthcare greed, expose propaganda and expose the level of corruption in DC. Greed/corruption are the norm and fighting it is akin to stopping Niagra falls with a thimble. But I'm not giving 
OMM THROW ME IN A ROOM WITH A BUNCH WOLVES I BET YOU I COME OUT THAT HOE 3-0 CHAMPIONSHIP TOMORROW!!! #TheDUB #Thekidfromwillowsprings
LOLOLOL
Lord, Please continue to preserve our Republic. Prevent the Socialists/Communists/Globalists from destroying the Foundations upon which our nation was built. Use President Trump to lead America away from evil, towards righteousness, towards thee. Be glorified, in Jesus name Amen.
Fair point. I am not intimidated by a horrible photo (although i think that was intended). Bigger picture. The right to ask questions.
The Sun makes very little money from physical sales. It makes money from clicks on the site and if they’re outrage clicks it makes no difference to them. So never share on a Sun article and if you see a terrible headline don’t click on it.
It was an honor to work for and learn from a Legend  …
Flynn ADMITTED to false statements. Haven't you already covered up enough wrongdoing for a lifetime? Former Ohio State University wrestler calls out GOP Rep. Jim Jordan: "It’s just going to get  …
How will he  …
So many people want to see creative content out of me and I know my videos would do better if I sat in creative 10 hours a day cranking retakes but I just can't. It's boring and all these clips of clip bots and unnecessary building clips just ruined it for me.
Debby thinks she’s friggin  …
Dale Tallon, thanks for nothing. Your blueprint failed - miserably. Its time for a new hockey mind to take the reigns of this team and finally bring playoff hockey to South Florida.Your parting gift was Bobrovsky's absolutely ridiculous contract. Thanks for nothing #FlaPanthers

Who you know do it better? I'll  …
thinking abt ending it all
I find it hard to believe he'd have a bad tattoo considering how good he is at  …
Pilots are amazing... as are the engineers and technicians who build these  …

Yes!! So good!! Chipotle Chicken wit GreenOnions~ #Delicious #Yummy 

Unpopular opinion: Newcastle fans are so ungrateful towards Mike Ashley. The man has done so much for the club yet all they can do  and hurl abuse at him. They don’t deserve him 
i have never laughed so hard in my entire life as i just did at this fucking tik  …
@nursepooh1 Cy is speeding your way next! You will want to start it immediately! It’s a great story! #bookposse @LindseyStoddard 
Rob talks with @Awesome_Walter about the challenges of incorporating Harley Quinn into the Tim Burton Batman universe. Also, with a new movie & cartoon series out, is Harley Quinn being overexposed? Check it out & Retweet -  
 to the prestigious UCM Hall of Fame: Jakki Prater Schneider & the 2015 Jennies Softball World Series Team!! Congrats!! #HOFLegends #WinningTradition 
Must be nice
the grass is greener on my side 
Good luck @DeltaGoodrem @guysebastin @adamlambert and everyone performing today! #FireFightAustralia
Happy Caturday! @rozazalea TYSM for all the mentions 
Whoever this is. You are my 
men trying to convince me Joe Rogan is 
On this day 1999 Big L was killed. RIP big fella, your music lives on.
He saw a “suspicious” young black male sipping a Big  …
Donald Trump’s Aversion To Reading, Twisted Behavior Explained  …
if you’re a part of music twitter then you know how true this is  …
E X C U S E M E  
If only all leaders respected the people who put them into power and died for their citizens freedom. If this is populism...more of it please. We can still work together with mutual respect.
CHAMPIONS The Lady Red Hawks are the 2020 Dick Hendricks Invite Champions with 117 points! 
Taehyung smiled and was taken upstairs. They took their clothes off in the room in the room and got in the shower together, kissing softly while the water ran down their soft skin. "So I was thinking we each lunch together, my treat of course, then we go shopping. My treat too."

Britain Enters the Next Phase of Project Blame – Byline  …
Please  our newest leader to 
in 4th grade a girl made fun of the sound of my pee in the bathroom so now i refuse to use public restrooms
ROMANCE DOES NOT HAVE A MONOPOLY OVER LOVE. I cannot agree with this emphatically  …
Good to be back!!  …
"Biologists estimate there are only 6 to 12 surviving 
 …
Guess 
 …
Fan Opinion: Would you take any of these players & at what price?
HALF: No. 9 Terps 39, Michigan State 31 
My boys finished the year off with a W.. 5th place in the SPC Tournament.Lost 3 games by 5 points or less.. One by Forfeit And one to the State Champs.. 29-5 for my Bad News Bears.#THEYDONTKNOW#IDO#MTXE#TheOakridgeSchool 
if they REALLY wanted to, they would. remember that
THEY SAID THEY R IN THE PROCESS OF DECIDING IF DUBLIN IN ECSTASY SHOULD COME BACK
Je follow back wsh
As a European it was always hard for me to understand American culture. "land of the free" Because I didn't think that I have any less freedom than them. I always thought 'What is the difference'. However after this game I finally understand it. NA is just so fucking free.
Yes, it’s a mystery why they don’t sell more England tops in (checks notes) Derry 
Can you imagine Sydney if there were no city there at all? As it was before white settlement? It would be spectacular! The greatest national park in the  …
February 20 is International Lego Classicism Day, an annual event organised by @LegoClassicists. You are invited to get involved, by posting pictures of Lego with a classics theme. You can use the #ILCD2020 hashtag to help others find your post, or to see what others are up 
I already hate the whole “influencer” status ordeal and that fact there’s tik too influencers is fckin  …
The mind of a 2 year old is wild & random & I love 
i wanna hang out with people!! go to the mall!!! fuckin target!!!! or even just to go on a walk!!! but guess ehat????????nobody fucking likes me and nobody ever includes me in anything and it makes me feel like shit but i never say anything!!!! anyways how are you guys
We also shud thank her. As she supported our boy without any  …
1. 
Newest recipients of our Home Run belt AND it’s both of their first collegiate home runs!! 

So nice to meet you!  …
This hospital is near me in NC. I will personally go into my pocket and fundraise so that @AtriumHealth’s security and Lincoln County’s Sherriff Deputies could train on mental health response. This is unacceptable behavior from security/law  …
this is the same guy who attended his groups 
the true alpha males are gay men. can’t simp for women if u don’t like women
13 --- Support Apollo on Patreon to read Enokan uncensored + 5 pages ahead of every public update!  (18+ Only. CW: nudity, teratophilia, sex, violence, character death, gore, disturbing imagery, swearing, drug use) 
Well, then it's simple: Name ANY technology proprietary to Tesla that has or will have tangible value. Name anyone within Tesla doing any cutting-edge work. This facade of "head start technology" is pure BS. It's one con man and his flunkie CFO running this deal. Simple.
@RutgersMBB IS STILL UNDEFEATED AT THE RAC! RON HARPER DROPPED 27 POINTS! THIS IS JERSEY BABY #GardenStatement #RU 
On god if this bitch doesn’t stop being mean to my brother she’s going to fuck around get stabbed or somethin... idk yet
Sidharth chatting with Salman sir #SidharthShukIa  …
Well, fuck me. Also, no. Not going to transition. The  is a mess. 
Atp Jayda really need to leave lil baby, he ain’t even cute to be treating her the way he do
Congratulations Northview’s Wyatt Lewis CIF Champion! #anothergreatdayincvusd ⁦ @NHSVikings⁩ ⁦ @NHS_ASB⁩ ⁦ @NorthviewWrest1⁩ ⁦ @USAWrestling⁩ ⁦ @CIFSS⁩ ⁦ @SGVNSports⁩ ⁦ 
QUESTION: Is finally realizing that NOTHING FUCKING MATTERS totally liberating  soul-shattering? Asking for a friend.
Beethoven Piano Sonata No. 19 movement 2 Dancing with  …
could we talk about how luke never lets go of sierra’s hand? why am i so soft about 
Congratulations to @VilleFootball Strength Coach & Head Freshman Coach being named NJ High School Strength Coach of the 
Pls be careful if you're planning to bring freebies to the concerts! Last year I remember there were issues with the police taking ppls freebies away and telling ppl they couldn't give things out! #MapOfTheSoulTour #BTS
At dinner at home for a change . .roast beef in Gravy ,Smoked Gouda green salad with lots of tomato and cucumber and Greek 
I’ve seen it all
Hiya! My name is Gemma and I'm an aspiring illustrator wanting to make creative friends 
Gonzaga Woman's Basketball team are the WCC west coast conference 
Beth, be careful, because this is dangerous, extreme, ultimate hyper Reformed exclusive keeper & proclaimer of the truth wife territory
My baby brother passed away unexpectedly Wednesday night and his fellow classmate made him a go fund me page.. wow My family’s so taken back!! We are appreciative of everything and wasn’t expecting anything!! He was truly one of a kind and I’m still in  …
don’t be friends with a songwriter unless u wanna cry all the time
Happy flight home! El Paso Tulsa Huntington @SportsAviation #RiseAsOne 
Jim Jordan is there to lie, blame, protect the swamp, & prevent anything useful for the American people from ever  …
If someone says the league is weak just ask them this: why isn't your team 22 points clear,  …
I DO.... Forever & Always ! 2.15.20  – at Gatlinburg, TN
After going after Huawei, US wants to go after TikTok, then then Xiaomi. Eventually, they'll get to Tecno and Infinix phones. This is all about narrowly defined US interests. It is not my fight. If I was advising the Nigerian Govt, I'd advise them to ignore the US.
Beautiful Beau was brought in as a stray. She is emaciated and is ravenous when eating. She needs a full vet eval to determine if she was just starving or has underlying issues. She was anemic and showed some indication of kidney disease. This lady is  

colby said: dinosaur 
I’ve never seen anything like the energy regarding @realDonaldTrump arrival tomorrow. Hundreds of flags in the infield, shirts and hats literally EVERYWHERE. This vibe is pretty different from what I’m used to.
Knowing I could do better & not doing better is what’s getting to me.
a naked woman is a celestial creature of the universe
My First career triple double 31pts 11ast & 10 reb 
Sammy is great but he is no  …
It’s time to do them drugs who wanna join me.
STOP. you’re fucking KIDDING 
#4 softball team hosting #2 softball team. Not televised and only online stream has  and de-synced audio. Thanks a Larry Scott and @Pac12Network
Ivanka has done more for this country then Obama did as president.  …
 …
Dru has 18. It's the first half. #Mizzou 42, Auburn 
the crumbs at the bottom of a pringles can
When a Virgo does your nails IG: mrsmakeupartist Tell her Audrey sent you 
i am actually sad about the fact everyone preaches mental health awareness and writes long odes to people AFTER something bad happens. But before while the person is alive, they slander them like plastic dolls. No one needs odes AFTER they can't hear them. when will they learn?

EL PASO GET READY FOR TONIGHT @ShipWrekDJ at @GreenDoorEP Tickets Available online at  & At the door! 
We Hit 2.1k Followers..... I Love The Supporters That Have Stayed! I Love The Friends That Have Helped Me I Love The Teams That I Have Enjoyed! This Was a Awsome Journey! <3
i don’t know where we’re going but i’d like to be by your side - minimo - late night drives, fluff - 2.1k words :  
CAPTION 
This is happening in New Zealand. Is this what you want our Countries to be  …
Nobody panic. I read about this in a book one time.
He sent me this and started listening to 
Don't mind me, just doing the lords work in this presentation 
I’ll take on an colleges graphic designers 
both pictures are character form movies........ y’all  …
My pic, my forever cover photo...the last time i saw Prince in all his genius. 2 shows, consecutive nights, it was truly extraordinary and his heart was wide open...oh how i miss him... #PianoandMicrophone #StateTheatre #Melbourne 
Barr personally tried to push SDNY away from indicting Turkish bank Halkbank but US Attorney Berman resisted, per CNN. Same bank case NYT cited—via John Bolton book—as Trump wanting to do favor for Turkey’s Erdogan cabal for Trump’s personal  …
Mandem outchea attacking me like I increased fuel price
So why does David want to keep them as a secret tho...no wonder Phresh asked Iyke if they can meddle with already formed couples..I gerrit now 
Love is nothing, but Choices available 
ashley besson you are a 
Insulin costs less than $5 a vial to make. The ONLY reason it’s priced at $300+/vial is bc (a) we die without it 24/7/365, (b) our gvmt refuses to place price caps on it, and (c) the insulin makers can thus extort endless $from diabetics to buy politicians. Rinse and repeat.
this mbb prepared a LOT! for sure monsta x will never forget you 
I don’t need no more dick for the rest of the month. Whew! I been letting him slut me out since we landed.
The RAC was ROCKIN! S/o to the all the fans, alumni, the band, and that wild student section. I need that same  football season!!! #Family #Trust #Chop 
You can find love in the middle of a war. I'm grateful for a lot of things, I've been hurt a lot by doxers in the resistance but my h8 for trump & seeking to restore order & civility for all but at the same time I found my personal semblance, my oasis. My Goddess.
only like the mall for the 
𝗟𝗜𝗢𝗡𝗦 𝗪𝗜𝗡! That's our first weekend sweep since 2011 as we improve to 4-4 in the @IvyLeague! Abbey points (11-15 FG, 6-9 3FG), 3 Ast, 2 Stl Sienna Durr points (7-11 FG), 4 Reb, 3 Stl Final presented by @AcademyBus. #RoarLionRoar 
It’s also adorable when these conferences reach out to try and extract thousands of $s from me so I can get to know Esports people.
Adele freaking out when Beyoncé's ‘Crazy In Love’ starts playing is the best thing I've seen 
everything is STRESSING me out
Joe translated: Don’t fuck with @Culinary226 
my attention span?? gone my sleeping habits??? unknown my eating habits??wrong
I love this  …
Just told my kid I'll give him a knuckle sandwich (it was a joke) and I realized I have officially turned into my dad.
Greetings, sir Thomas Kench reporting for duty
I need to upgrade my lifestyle
JFlop stans more obsessed over Mariah than their flopping fave 
one thirty 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the biggest Stranger Things fans I know! Matt and Ross have been with this show since the beginning and I guess we’re lucky to have them in our ST family. Maybe we’ll send them some season 4 spoilers as a birthday present, you think they’ll like 
the joke understanders are logged 
Time @AlynSmith was resigning, then. Caught lying. Threatening constituents. He won't though. He represents a party in which lying is standard and threatening dissenters admired.
Springtime... for Hitler... and Germany... doo do doo 
This is a Mens Rights movement that has totally captured the establishment. I have never voted for any other political party but I’d there is not a dramatic turn around I will actively campaign against those, of whatever party, who attack women’s 
T2 | MT 3, BU 3 #SCTop10 worthy catch by Lani Rodriguez at second base! @NCAAsoftball | #BlueRaiders 
STAIND's AARON LEWIS Says TRUMP's Impeachment 'Couldn't Have Been More Unconstitutional'  
Only one security guard in this mall, no other 
Make it spring again please 
My kids got Nerds for their Valentine's Day candy, so I haven't been tempted to steal any. Which kind of candy is your least 
took a vid of all the labs (and the one moonstone) i have left on my site and WOW no filter needed for these 
from the lone goal of the 
Giving face. 
Tacked on another one with a Jung sac fly. Onto the seventh. 
I pea in my  …
Mercy. Hate to see it against a Trestman coached squad (: 
4L DROPPING 
Bandits are killing right now in Katsina, Buhari’s home state. Already over 40 persons have died. But guess what, plenty rice in Kano and we can all eat and lose our brains. Ndi Ara!
Congratulations to USG @Lacroix_UN & @UNPeacebuilding colleagues on the well-deserved award.  …
Got chocolates from one of my biggest fans in my PO Box. Of course you have to earn the right to send so personally, and he outdid himself for sure. Can’t wait to have him rub my feet again. 
Amy Klobuchar brags on the campaign trail that she's passed over 100 bills while in DC As millions of bills are deposited to her campaign fund in the days leading up to the votes Special interests play a huge role in her decision making She's FAR from grass roots 
You have a beautiful soul...that's right, I was 
My school aged son was punched in the nose at Grant school Portland Or because he said he didn’t believe Russia Hoax, My oldest son’s car had all 4 tires slashed 4Trump sticker I was pushed,injured while boarding a bus 4 T-shirt w wounded warrior, these R not isolated incidences
This exchange is very funny to me 
That would be the most chaotic ticket ever and I want it
good morning, luvies! have a blessed sunday, tia loves you!  …
Between sets be 
Maybe Support Bunny can be a 
NBA pregame is so much better than every other 
can’t wait till he’s back in the  …
Allow me to introduce you to CTE &  …
ICYMI: Sophomore Mack Leonard hit her fourth of the season this afternoon! :  #BackTheBirds // #FlyTogether
Nobody: Absolutely nobody: bitches with lashes: 
It’s burna o He even said he’s not jack’s mate that jack can’t suspend  …
definitely felt special on valentines day thanks to my babe 
They're gonna miss their train stop 
NO FUCKING WAY 
If you were in MLB, what would your walk-up song be? 
It takes a big human to admit their mistakes. It takes an even bigger human to give a giraffe a haircut!
I can’t stress this enough but there’s absolutely no reason for you to be going under 80 in the fast lane I’m sick of y’all
Lindsey Graham politely says that the Kashmir dispute should be resolved via dialogue. Indian FM Jaishankar responds in his typical arrogance, insinuating that India will end it unilaterally. Will earn brownie pts. at home, lose more friends in the US. 
My name is Matt. I do not believe in gender thetans and you can't make me. #TERFSanonymous
favourite person+ favourite 
Oh hey there @drew_gilbert32 Also, where can we place our orders for a custom Tony Vitello sweatshirt? Asking for #Vols 
From the director of GIRLS NIGHT, MANNEQUIN and IN  a new tale of horror: PLAY. PAUSE. KILL. (2020) Written and Directed by David Teixeira Original Score by The Th3rd #horror #indiehorror #supportindiefilm #shortfilm 
No. A real man would have torn it's throat out with his own teeth instead of letting the dogs do it for  …
CO2 415ppm in our atmosphere 40,000 ppm in exhaled breath 95,000 ppm at Soda Springs Life is Flourishing @GretaThunberg can go back to School #return2science  …
Prairie Stars win at home on another game winning three point shot!!! @UISAthletics @UISHoops @Danyo_Gotti @MWendling24 @coachmattbrock 
1. Don’t buy The Sun. Or The Express, or the Mail. 2. Be more kind. That’s it. That’s all you need to 
Thank you for this event it was so so so cute and I miss hobi so much now #HopeCafeLA #HOPEDAY #Happybirthday @BTS_twt @HopeCafeLA happy birthday our hope our sunshine 
My lame attempt at #Reylo fanart. #ReyloLove #reyloart #reylovalentines2020 #reylofanart #reylomildnsfw 
So, Alex Newhook dropped 5 points today (2G/3A) and now has 31 points in his last 22 NCAA games. I loved Newhook last year and I’m pumped that he’s putting on a show this year. I had him 6th overall and never expected to be THIS good already. #GoAvsGo
there’s no next generation Kanye  …
we grown. tell me what it is and what it ain’t.
At the 
You're the last person who should be criticizing others of making false statements Gym. Include Gym Jordan on the list  GOP members.
How’s everyone liking the new update for #ACEPLAY???
they gave him the smallest shirt 
♉︎|♏︎|♌︎|♒︎: You’re healing & growing from what has hurt you & doing your best to thrive, focus on more ways in which you can love yourself. Do your best to adapt to changing circumstances rather than be  by them, you’re strong & can face anything on the horizon.
Hazel looks like a precious girl that should be protected at all costs, and I think Maison is just the girl to do  …
Soon.  …
i love them and what about 
slow nasty kissing is definitely a mood rn
Dagnabbit! I was so close to carrying out my cunning 
Coming from a politician off 145 straight days last year, then sat in the House for 6 whole weeks so he got so very very tired and now still off on 'Christmas break' two months later; the current system benefits younger teachers because they are mentored by those with seniority.
if she ain’t got no ass, spank her forehead
Congrats to Leilani Babilonia. She is our Regional Champion and is only a Freshman. She pinned her final’s opponent in the first period!! #ScaryGood #WakelandWrestling #WeDo #WeWin 
"Posted in my Discord..." by GarmrImakoo  
My send off tweet... To Lou and his gray beanie 
4 fucking years!!! One daughter and another child otw Happy Anniversary my love 
We got this. 
I don’t like Paras, but loved the way he called #ArtiSingh an underdog. She truly is a lone warrior & my winner! #BB13 #BiggBoss13
Ok 
can't wait til the DNC just goes ahead and nominates Trump
Having an attitude or being rude will never be cute or feel like flirting to me.. LMAO. I like to laugh too damn much for that. These niggas weird..
How is Ateez that high  …
Not saying @TrevorMahlmann should watch his back, but ... 
What an amazing story! This dog was lost in Iowa and somehow made it to a shelter in Florida Years later, this woman who lives in Minnesota now saw her dog on a beer can and they were reunited #OneVoice1  …
ITS ALMOST PRE ORDER TIMEEEEEEE BOIII.. #IGotYou
Today, it is the 16th of Feb. 2020. Buddhist Sabbath Day in Cambodia.Lord Buddha bless all friends to have safe travels. Late 12th century Bayon 
| Today I have a date. #NiniettasParty / 
hopekook have so many hugs on camera.. but like this one truly melts my 
HUGE! Author Lee Smith: “We Knew the Clinton Campaign was Giving Information to FBI – It Now Appears FBI was Giving Information to Clinton Campaign as Well”  …
Icon thingy I did for myself a couple months ago This is how my sona would look if he was a western dragon 
catch my flying 
my account is still 
Since my wedding ring got lost, stolen, whatever I’ve been wearing a pandora ring. Zayne and I just went and looked at rings and I found one I loved and he said are you sure? And i said yes and he said okay let’s get it i love him so much. Can’t wait to get it in.
#LSU Fans! Don't miss the video interview with 5-Star 2021  Raesjon Davis @RaesjonDavis1 on RNG!  … #GeauxTigers #SEC
GOAL Ifunanyachi Achara The rookie does it 
That is some upper level billionaire style 
I'm a little confused now, has this been  …
this man is too  …
I promise I would be quite alright..... If I never hear another sermon about “Haters”........
NON LFC | Man City will have to restructure their  potentially leading to the sale of leading players such as Sterling, De Bruyne and Laporte, if the Court upholds the 2 ban from the Champions League imposed by UEFA's Club Financial Control Body. [ @MailSport]
Read and think... you never do 

What actually makes me angrier than people proud of not taking vacations is people who make a point of filling their vacations with productive effort "If this is my one week off then I'm gonna make the most of every day!" Go  …
The Raider middle wrestling  in the LC8 tournament today, placing were CJ Dupaski, Evian Meyers, and Jamie Lebron @CHSraiders_wr @RaiderMiddle #burntheboats  – at Wellington High School
HES SO BABIE LOOK AT 
ʰᵉ 
TODAY TWO OF MY FAVE FICS EVER UPDATED WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DAY 9 Pints:  … Coveted:  …
Las Las I blame all this Burna boy foolishness on Kanye west, for naming his album "ye"
im losing my 
We couldn’t stan harder!!
She said she now plans to vote for Pete! When she mentioned her hometown & her place of business that Pete should visit (I had no idea where in SC she lived) I realized I would be canvassing down the road. I told her I couldn’t make any promises about Pete...
Regardless of who it is, what is wrong with anyone being a longtime advocate for victims of sexual  …
Rick Moranis
Wanted to show you guys some pictures of the beautiful kigurumi  from @RunRunnerRabbit! It’s the cutest and coziest thing ever! 
Glass Beach's first album is really, really good Indie Rock/Midwest Emo. Incredibly creative production and fuzzy in all the right ways.
Kingdom Hearts but this aesthetic 
(Woody from Toy Story voice) there's a ghost in my shell!!
okee is 19 days away imma be on my worst behavior
absolutely disgusting gesture, threatening to murder the entire  …
Will be interesting to see how many people bemoaning the press bullying tonight will then retweet Piers Morgan the next time he says something vile for attention. Be the change you want to see and don’t feed into these people.
"Bonding with my beloved ate @bernardokath @kakaibautista Missing you Ate ga @lovelyabella_" Credits to @maymayentrata07's Instagram story @min_bernardo @KCMBBulletin #KathrynBernardo 
The @XFLGuardians came into the @XFLDefenders' house and left with a 27-0 
**(1) BTS TICKET GIVEAWAY** BTS CONCERT, Dallas, TX May 9th, 2020. I am unable to attend, but don't want to resell it to scalpers. I'll choose a winner by May 5th and transfer it to you. COMMENT as much as you can until May 5th so I know you want it.. good 
this ones for Ryu  
We can all get better at getting better. A growing body of research is making it clear that learners are made, not born. 
Pelosi names first-ever House whistleblower ombudsman director  
Let me find out another man knows the colors of your bonnets. Let me find out.
If this is what good credit tastes like then I’m glad I don’t have it
hate that i’m a relationship person
Jeez sorry, I was just tucking you in. You looked  I didn’t know there was some *air quotes* “rule” about needing to know me. You’re the one who left the door unlocked
Our home town heros fighting for a better New Mexico! 
Me thinking of how Nigerians can turn there back against Burna  …
Are the Americans 
My wife and I both have ADHD. She tends to remember the stuff I forget and vice versa. Our house is a tip and we forget Christmas cards for our families every single year. But there's a lot of love.
If y’all can’t take satire clapbacks. Then blame it amongst yourselves. The ori twt included b+s and ppl are this salty to disregard their efforts  up with sht post like this. Now that armys are clapping back, y’all whining out loud? If y’all don’t wanna get smack,st  …
Should have got one 
Wait, you eat wedding cake everyday? Metaphorically, because of the joy with your hubby or like, you get a wedding cake every damn day? I applaud both.
Hi from chilly New England, where we'll take on BC tomorrow at noon on the Eagles' Pink Day Tipoff at noon More here  #GoHeels | 
Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 have contracted the virus, including 1,502 in Wuhan. Six are  …
. @jacques_patrick moves the 
JISOO is Currently Trending in Philippines #19 #블랙핑크 #지수 #BLACKPINK #JISOO 
Season the fat on your steaks, trash.
i was possessed to make this shitty edit youre  
I. Recall the beginning of the Arab Spring. The desperation. This is OUR Time. To throw out those who seek to control us. Money only has Power if you give YOURS over to it. Take your power back. We Do not have a ‘price’. We are not for sale. #wtpEBRC #2020BlueTeam 
Oh fuck we’ve got the blue 
. @TSM_Beaulo saves the round! 
Hyperactive Kittens Finally Drive Their Mother Crazy! The 5 kittens in this video are extremely entertaining and  joy to watch. Who needs a TV when you've got crazy hyperactive #kittens in your home! CLICK to watch >  
feelin’ 
What Instagram fails to understand is that when I mute someone I don’t just want their story to be grayed out and put at the end of the list I want their story blasted into outer fucking space
#Syria Syrian army captured Bashqatin #بشقاتين farms west of #Aleppo #حلب and Rakaya Sajnah in #Idlib province.
#NEW: Lady Gaga & boyfriend Michael spotted shopping at a supermarket 
culture 
2014.....2020. And they both were taken by my friend. 
All of the Canadian passengers and their families who were recently evacuated from Wuhan, China to a military base in Ontario for two weeks of quarantine are currently healthy with none of them exhibiting symptoms of novel  …
When #YangGang takes Vegas. #Yang2020 #Resist 
The Yukon Government Premier: SLED DOGS ARE BEING RUN TO DEATH AND MAIMED FOR LIFE IN DEADLY 1,000-MILE YUKON QUEST RACE! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
We never forgive. We never forget. What happened in Polytechnic University is the best proof of police brutality, endorsed by the puppet govt, in #HongKong. The oppression makes the fight for freedom & democracy our 
stop this is so fucking cute 
A hopeful story about Bloomberg pledging to tear himself apart Big Rip  …
Kate Middleton gushes about her 'very happy childhood' growing up as part of a 'strong' family during candid podcast via  
Speaking of lying ... can we review your phone call logs to see if you called DiSabato on July 4th 2018?
Being factually correct is  …
Just wanted to remind you: • One day the pain will disappear and everything will be fine • All of us and seven of @OfficialMonstaX will be happy again • You're loved and important. You're doing amazing @STARSHIPent #MonstaXisTheOne #100만곡의_노래로도_충분하지_않아
I love Vanessa 
Circumcision was popularized by the guy who made Kellogg's cereal. He also wanted to pour acid on baby girls for the same reason. Is this still something you think is normal? #Circumcision #EndChildCircumcision #EndInfantCircumcision #ForeskinLove #i2 #EndTheCut
i’m so proud of you guys. we’re so honoured and grateful that you’re sharing this with us. i love you both so much 
sam: i start a sentence and you finish, okay? bucky: okay. sam: i’m happy when i see... bucky: my cat. sam: ... alright, let’s try another one. i’m unhappy when i don’t see... bucky: my cat. sam: buck, you don’t have a cat. bucky, pointing to tony: my cat.
At the @TeslaOwnersEBay meetup today! Thanks for organizing! We had a good time! 
Thanks to Tezos' in-built invoicing for protocol upgrades, in the future we will see many more coders that also bake, as well as bakers that also code. It will be awesome! #Tezos
As a starter, Cardale Jones has not lost a football game since 
The Cincinnati skyline + Ohio River flooding = a pretty cool 
@Parasite glitch
i am looking 
We dont hate you mate!! But We just love our club more!! Please leave..

Hi guys! You probably know ngiti right? Well guess i’m back lol can’t open my acc na eh sad anyways, i’ll be one of the handler of this acc so expect hd pics soon! (well not now ‘cause i’m not going to asap lol)
CRUSHin’ It 
Alas, I am the only one with 
Snow bunnies. 
This is his real 
All students have talents. We need to help students discover them and celebrate them. 
Srsly ine know single people is be in relationship for a whole  …
oh to be aubrey plaza being held by elizabeth 
look at them 
Update: he is colored and ready to obtain 
Bruh rampy almost aced clutched?! I was literally screaming “TO THE RIGHT TO THE RIIIIGHT”
Could not be happier for Aaron..has battled through so much adversity. @NorthEast_BBall @Coach_MAbes @JSully12  …
Have a Blessed Sunday everyone
Making TEMPORARY sacrifices to reach your goals is not the end of the world
Good afternoon my fantastic friends. Just stopping in to wish y'all wonderful day. Big hugs from Marley and me. 
Houston’s opener might break TV.
Maiden Penny was fun as hell this weekend and will definitely be  one of my more regular cosplays I wear. #katsucon 
When you click publish and get hit with 2 years of built up anxiety of whether or not people will like your dream project.
Thank God for Jesus Christ seriously. Look at Justin, an example of God’s saving grace 
If 10 plumbers shut down a railway, or if loggers shut down the B.C. legislature … the RCMP would clap on the handcuffs. 
Look at these Yamamoto numbers. I mean just look at them. It's incredible what good development can mean to a young player. 9 games tryout. Nope. Back to Juniors. 17 games tryout. Nope. Back to the minors. Third time out.... yep... he's  …
That’s hot.  …
“But trees develop growth rings as time passes and thus  thicker and stronger. To our EXO-Ls and many people who came today, I want to express my gratitude, and I hope that we  stronger for each other as time 
I got a ton of new follows after the #VagrantQueen trailer dropped. Hi! I'm the cocreator, with @_jsnsmith, of VAGRANT QUEEN, soon to premiere an adaptation on @SYFY. If you liked in the trailer, you should check out my other work.  …
i rewarded myself for finishing a book today by buying more 
wait wait wait you DONT think refusing to eat pussy as a straight man is an offense punishable by death?? you're on the wrong side of history bro...
Some things never 
A few things: 1. I'm actually working on @MicroCollective again 2. Blasting a few classic chip acts while I'm working on it 3. Past few days I've been reading through an interview I did last year (coming out soon) and I spilled my heart. I absolutely love the #chiptune scene
The Who, 
also i posted this on my private but y..yAYHH....... Nack with his winter 
Marcell Frazier introduces himself to the home crowd. #ForTheLoveOfFootball | #BreathingFire 
will they pay as well as google? no. but if you're serious about doing important work, where your expertise is invaluable, a library is a good place to work
Well, it takes a village in San Francisco - of law-abiding taxpayers - to pay the debts of criminals. The city’s property crime rate is the highest in the nation. It is further proof that when you handcuff and demean police… crime will  …
Final | TXST 83, ASU 69 Texas State scores a season-high 83 points to beat Arkansas State! Bobcats sweep the weekend with today's win. #EatEmUp 
sina deserves the world because she is beautiful, talented and helped thousands of people with her insecurities, she cares about others and has a huge heart. Love uu, and and I'm proud of you, thank you for existing, te amo! #SinaDeserves 
Travis Scott x Nike SB Dunk Low Release Date: February 29th, 2020 $150 Color: Black/Black/Parachute Beige/Petra Brown Style Code: CT5053-001  
@realDonaldTrump the patriot vs. @BernieSanders  Need I say more?? Trump is the only one that loves America. Look at all he’s  Can you imagine all the winning that will be in store in the next 4 yrs of Trump?Seriously, there’s  
A lot of people seem to think gobs of money will beat Trump. Maybe they are right. But Clinton vastly outspent Trump in 2016. Why will money be the decisive factor this time?
You ever give your kitchen sink a really good scrub down and suddenly realize you’re garbage, living in filth?
Cutting niggas off
“You don’t just marry someone and then toss them to the side like a shirt that’s gone out of style.” ...and yet you didn’t remind your sister of this when Kyle was married to Summer? Or when you were married to Mia? Boy, sit down #YR
Attendance Check If you see this tweet, RT & reply with a JIN GIF, include the hashtags #방탄소년단진 #JIN #SEOKJIN #진 #김석진 #방탄진 & tag @BTS_twt
idk that one text post is just...very them 
#OTD in 1998: China Airlines Flight 676, an A300, crashes into a residential area in Taipei (Taiwan) All 196 on board are killed, plus 6 on the ground. Investigation pointed several pilot errors (including CRM, too high altitude and improper control actions) which led to a 
The drip is from “project_mori” on IG IG: 
The ending to a perfect day. #TeaTime art: Ben 
A young and clever woman @SuellaBraverman is made Attorney General and this is the kind of nastiness from our “quality” press. On a day when everyone is mouthing the platitudes of “being  …
So i finally got around to getting myself an @urbit. Exciting times 
The mist enshrouded Doon Hill a.k.a the Fairy Knowe, Aberfoyle, was where the Rev. Robert Kirk was spirited away. Locals believed his mysterious death in 1692 was the price for divulging fairy ways in an essay, later published as 'The Secret Commonwealth of Elves, Fauns & 
I was laughing to hard when this 
They make my dopamine and serotonin levels so fuckin insane 
New paper with our amazing colleagues @Jess_SharkeyTBI @Neuro_Nay @CorriganDr from Adelaide on the topic of peripheral interactions in #TBI.  … @McDonaldStu_ @MujunSun @RDBrady3 @shultz_sandy @MonashTrauma @MonashNeurosci @LiebertPub @Neurotrauma @ints2020
You blog for Guido Fawkes
Fixed signs ♉︎|♏︎|♌︎|♒︎: You need to take some risks that may be  for you but with your perseverance & discipline to whatever this is, there will be a successful  What will bring you the most long-term fulfillment? Be deliberate in achieving that.
Following or upholding the law isn’t a hate agenda it’s America love it or leave it but while your here all must follow the rule of our law not demcrats lawlessness!  from those who fight the law but the law  …
Sen. Collins believes President Trump is retaliating against impeachment trial  …
Just donated to @ewarren because she is the most qualified candidate for the job!!
this, you see, is the doctrine of COUNTERPOP: the recorded music industry is racist and corrupt and has been since it began. music doesn't belong to the music industry, and all the good  from outside of it. if you're getting paid, tip well and take care of your friends
it’s not normal to be able  with people u know this much in my opinion. it was never like this 20 years ago. so if you text me i don’t feel like i need to respond & i also don’t feel like im being rude. i am just putting my needs above pleasing the rest of the world
What do you think about Trump planning to take “The Beast” for a lap at the Daytona 500?
is it just me or does nothing seem real lately
#Chelsea have opened talks with the representatives of in-demand Borussia Dortmund star Jadon  …
Fabulous night at the Chairman's charity dinner for Operation Veteran & The North East Air Ambulance. Good food,  and lots of funds raised for two briliant causes 
[CHARTS] 200216 07:30 KST #IU - I Give You My Heart #아이유 #마음을드려요 #2 ▲ 1 iChart #1 MelOn #1 Genie #1 Bugs #1 Soribada #1 Flo 3rd Real Time All Kill 
Be specific with your prayers and manifestations...
Big day for Carter Buelow! With a distance of 15.78m, Buelow went on to hit “A” standard and qualifies for the national meet in Shot Put Congratulations, 
Hey gang my friend Marla is only 67 away from 2000 let's get together and put her over the top!! 
this is so important!! sharing their FIRST documentary with loved ones is such a huge  i hope this was healing for them and that now they relish in how rewarding it is to  a project that means so much to them. i’m proud. their dad is proud. 
Ayyyy! I guess I'll make the announcement now but I'll be attending Combo Breaker 2020 as an artist and vendor! I'll plan on shirts and having 2 designs to release during that Combo Breaker weekend! Please support me getting there through my shop  …
I realized my mom had my sister & I at this age. She got married, had kids, was in school, & working. To do all of that in your early 20’s? I couldn’t imagine 2 lives & a husband to be responsible for at 23 let alone 21. I love my mom.
95 97 97 98 98 99 00 00 00 00 02 Is this soccer formation?
There had been an award ceremony for all of NYC's Digidestined. Mayor Bloomberg gave a speech and gave him and all the other kids medals. Michael and Betamon had stood on that stage looking their best
I haven't seen Kano or Riho live yet, but I really like Momoko. She's really cute and watching her on stage was a blast. Here's a cool picture my mum took of her at the Berlin show. I feel like she isn't appreciated enough. 
Good Morning! Happy Sunday All ! 
The only reason this government wants to hire teachers with no experience is so they can pay them less. This just sets up new teachers to fail. Not good for new teachers or their students, but @Sflecce or @fordnation don’t really care about that. #cutshurtkids #FireLecce
Dr. Robotnik and Agent Stone are boyfriends and I will not be told 
Wear RED to celebrate America on President's Day! @hog_whisperer @sjpfish @003a04f8c2054b7 @1lucyhannah @4Mischief @godfamilyJesus @hellofromtiff @CutcherWilliam @grampzLTG @james7303 @consofcooking1 @GmanFan45 @libertybelle25 @cyndycali @NahBabyNah @KimberlyM1M @Dmess16 
Today’s look 
My partner got me a gift card for our local anarchist book store for V Day. How fuckin' jealous are you?
A Watery Mathematical Valentine for Corey from @verydarksocks. Charles River and Beacon Hill, Frederick Childe Hassam, ca. 1890-1892, @mfaboston. Problem from MIT. Photo of Otter by Julie Marsen Maher.
i keep imagining the times paul and john would probably think of each other when in need for help to finish a song but then would remember they're no longer lennon-mccartney n for a moment it'd be all sadness/nostalgia but then they'd just move on and solve the thing on their 
"Let's not forget that there are people who very much believe that oil and gas development will be a way forward, especially in remote and rural areas where there are very little economic opportunities for young First Nations people." #cdnpoli 
New life on a bad night, think I'll call him Dennis #calving2020 
the prettiest boy to ever 
He knew  …
There was once an Otter, professor of Algebraic Combinatorics at MIT, who always took a dip in the Charles after breakfast. One morning, he found a Valentine pinned to his door, covered in the most beautiful tessellations & he found himself floating round in circles like a 
Three is four too many.
if you don’t brush the roof of your mouth pls block me  …
Unbothered af! 
Made some mistakes but learned a lot. On to the next one. #NASCWR  – at Daytona International Speedway
Baylor is allowing 58.4 PPG, a record setting pace: Fewest PPG Allowed in a Season - Big 12 History '06-07 Texas A&M 59.4 '18-19 Texas Tech 59.5 '18-19 Kansas St 59.6 '06-07 Oklahoma 59.6 Baylor has now won 22 straight, tying the longest win streak in Big 12 
It’s an utter tragedy that these Jurassic men in the media are hounding and bullying people to such an extent they feel they have nowhere to go. Protect your kids from these assholes (cos they’ll be gone soon) and maybe society will  good.
When your 4 year old loves the Razorbacks, the Cardinals, and now, EIU’s @DToppel17. Thanks for being a good sport and signing a ball for my baseball loving boy, Dane! #classact 
I’m just going to trust  report in this case that’s says y’all  …
I'm so done I had a god video with like all high end clips but only now realised none of them saved for past 2 days so demotivating no vid for another 3 days I guess :(
look how 
All for the right  …
Bloomberg said if he ran, he'd have to go on an apology tour like Biden - "that would be horrible"! Little Mike, true to his word, apologizes about everything every time he opens his mouth. How stupid he must think we are - he still thinks he can buy the  …
Sometimes you just got to be strong. It may hurt and you may shed a few tears, but everything's going to be alright.
I’ve introduced my boys to US History, pulled pork and med rare ribeyes, our woods and waters, books, sports and hard work. Tonight it’s the theatre. @lesmisofficial 
to be  organizing is definitely more important than cleaning your room
Thank you to everyone for all the great birthday tweets today! This picture by ⁦ @JHDUSC⁩ takes the 
I have a Masters in Mechanical and a grad cert in Additive Manufacturing, that being said I thought it would be harder, but it's not. All research on firearm printing is taboo in academia. @CtrlPew and @Ivan_Is_Back showed me the way. Plastic is weak, but not as weak as u think
14 points in the 1st half for Fulkerson. 
Sorry to say this but Moms Demand groups organizing Bloomberg canvasses are doing the work of white supremacy. If you think Bloomberg is your guy merely because he’s “good on guns” despite the massive damage he did to Black and  you’re part of the problem
the way she owns the stage tho, she HAS  back soon, the stage is where she’s meant to be
Was awesome to head back and visit the stomping grounds today!! 
Don’t trust everything you see on social media. Trust me, you should thank God for what you have now. You won’t like to be in thier shoes, trust me. That’s why God made you like this! And you all should know that I was just joking also . You all took this too personal
Female was going to court for abusing her  suicide because the media reported on it a lot, 'apparently' now somehow it's the boyfriends fault for being with her still... it’s not just the  but the world itself is delusional
Forgive me Allah, when  about 
Ian got no regrets I  my life is great 
went from working one of the more obscenely wealthy neighborhoods in manhattan to working one of the more obscenely wealthy towns in NJ... so basically it’s the same job cept now i have fewer customers and more of them are tr*mp supporters
There's a 1 in 1024th chance she'll be the nominee, so...
***GIVEAWAY*** I'm finally able to sell low price, high quality stickers!! In celebration, I will be GIVING AWAY TWO free 3.25" weatherproof stickers! Retweet & Follow for a chance to win! Winner will be announced Monday (2/17) US only. Good luck 
HE NEEDS HIS BROTEIN. YOU DONT GET A NECK THAT THICC WITHOUT GASTON LEVEL EGG CONSUMPTION.
As was evident early on in the election campaign, Fianna Fáil have to choose between Right - going in with Fine Gael - or Left - going in with Sinn Féin. Sitting on the fence would damage them even more.
Been hearing that it’s great so I decided to finally start 
I actually think Apple is just as talented as Lattimore is. Difference seems to be confidence.
Hope you all had a great #Saturday!! 
There are few things as sad to witness* as a dad who is shouting at his young children, and they are evidently so used to his outbursts that  ignore him.**
Caught Simpin 
It's frightening how many lost people nowadays will hate you just for being happy. Both in boxing and life, protect yourself at all times.
Tuesday, October 10, 
Lol Imagine if there was a furry store called "Furmart" or something like that, that just sold furry stuff OwO
SilaSalingFollow #programfolback 16/02#01 @Budiman_grunge @nisafandanu @Eddy23472391 @LaleknoAku @ayox_free @C0b0y33 @RD_4WR1212 @QalbuBahasa @endryjaya @teddnov @Jusandri2020 @japra_CLP @zuhdirohani @jimwelwel @Nanto02364181 @joenkeling @Dj_TukangSupir @PancasilaY
York Speech was the varsity runner-up and JV third place finishers at David City! 
“Do you want me inside you, girl?” he said, another stroke of the switch punctuating his question. FREE on #KindleUnlimited! US:  UK:  CA:  AU:  #erotica #AmazonKindle #amreading #KU
It's back. Sunday, April 19th at the Real Ale Invitational, we're opening up our entire facility & allowing guests to roam the brewery while enjoying cask-conditioned brews from the Philly area & beyond!  
. @SPLTbball Aliyah Garcia scored 21 points and helped SP to a win over San Isidro.  – at Santa Maria High School
Writing the blog post about ads in iOS that has been on my mind for the last month. Posting it 
Botter Phoulo !!! Laler le !!! iL fOlLoW pAs BaCk !
My love language is that I text back quickly
pleased to report this shit is still satisfying af 
Longtime Kroger shopper but can't see continuing to support a business that supports Trump as Grand Marshall of NASCAR.
Any of you RPO guys out there ever dabble with 1 Back power?? Have an idea of how I can run it but always good to bounce ideas of others. DMs are open? #hogfbchat #RPO
the playlist of MOTS7 will be released in 15 hours and idk am i ready to learn the names of the songs that will make my life better??!idk‍ 
The list of things that are not great about the United States is substantial...far to many to list here So many people think/say the United States is the greatest country on earth Can you name a reason why (that doesn't include violence, 1/2 truths, or propaganda)?
It's my Birthday!!! Leave #burna and celebrate 
You love to see it  …
Yeah he dont bite, he fetches their  …
I still wanna make a Castle Greyskull dungeon master's  …
T6 | S. Shaw to PH for the Broncs and brings in 2 runs! RU 2 CSU 3 1 out with runners on 1st & 2nd
Wholesome, positive FinDom 
Life Is Magical... Don't Let Anyone Tell You Otherwise #lifequotes #ThoughtForTheDay #wisewords #FamilyTrain #JoyTrain #StarfishClub 
aside from being mine,what do you do for a living? my part for @Staytist_CC 
Fairness Doctrine was removed under Ronald Reagan Then Fox News was born along with propaganda then Truth started to dieIf we survive this Fox must stay but Truth must be told to the cult re-education them on Truth
wait i’m laughing again they really think landon could carry a grown man in his noodle  …
Michigan Baseball holds off a late charge by Cal Poly to move to 2-0 on the season. Quick bus trip over to  next for a showdown with Arizona State around 8 p.m. ET. That game is supposed to be shown on Facebook Live.
Top gusts: 15/02 #StormDennis 91mph - Aberdaron 88mph - Capel Curig 74mph - Mumbles Head 68mph - Biggin Hill 67mph - Culdrose 67mph - Odiham 67mph - North Wyke 66mph - Pembrey Sands 65mph - Holbeach 65mph - Isles of Scilly 63mph - Donna Nook 60mph - 
I edited out the 
2019 FA acquisition La’Adrian Waddle unfortunately suffered a torn quad during the preseason Last offseason Waddle signed a 1-year contract with the #Bills meaning his contract is set to expire and hell  a FA in March Do you hope #Buffalo Re-Signs Waddle? Why or Why 
So Dwele grabbed my phone and wait til y'all see the footage!  – at City Winery
@chancetherapper being a big Yikes fan @NICKIMINAJ we live to see it 
the clunk in shrunkyclunks is the sound of  down the stairs in his platform doc martens
Move over Jim Wooldridge. K-State has now lost 13 of its last 16 games, its worst such stretch since Tom Asbury’s final season exactly 20 years ago. K-State remains on pace to be the only team in Big 12 history to go from first to worst. A lot to digest.
1H | 1:54 | 38-30 Ivan shows off his passing skills with the no look dish to Evan Gilyard for the triple!! 
I’m live right now playing Apex. Come join the party!  #smallstreamer #smallstreamerconnect #smallstreamersupport #oni_plays #twitch #ApexLegends @TwitchReTweets @SmallStreamersR
Men want to kill us, it’s clear as day.
Parents: be careful, your child might be sharing hacking tips or hiding their hacking activities online. Talk to your child about Kali, before someone else does. This PSA brought to you by the National CRIME Agency and 
#OTD in 1967: Garuda Indonesia Flight 708, an L-188 Electra, has a hard landing on Manado (Indonesia). The impact breaks the landing gear and the plane crashes and burns: 22 of 84 aboard died. Cause: "Awkward [landing] technique resulting in excessive rate of sink on touchdown”. 
Hope everyone’s having a good weekend!
Whoops have been watching so much TikTok that I accidentally changed my entire personal 
HOL UP HOL UP, You good? Okay, 
“Rossi, what do you get up to these 
'Cause I've had the time of my life 
Happy late Valentine’s Day 
-He voted against RU sanctions for cyberattacks. 5 times -He is using bots & trolls to target opponents on line. Threats, smears, doxxing of candidates & supporters. CNN just did expose. -Trolls are from Putin farm. -Lying about erasing student loans,cost of M4A -Anemic record
name one movie you wished to unwatch
lemme find out you want my chain in your face 
Joe Harris is IN THE BUILDING 
Pretending that you’re okay all the time is just fucking exhausting
coming to save music 2020
my phone really be dry af
The fact that people don’t care about false positives in “tests” like this exposes the truth: they don’t actually care about protecting cis women either.
Thank you for taking him to task, thinly veiled threats about watch lists show what they're about achieving control over everyone that disagrees with them. Hope you don't get to much grief off the cyber bullies and continue to do your good work
lil gift i made for someone precious to me. glow in the dark scratchboard, 
just test drove a car & the guy asked what kind of music i wanted to listen to & i said “panic! at the disco.” and he played this is gospel and goes “i love brendon urie’s voice, he has a version of this playing just piano with stuff just falling on him from the sky.” .....HELLO?
Congrats to the @JJCMBasketball team on a great win on senior day! Looking forward to Tuesday’s game and covering the @CUNYAC tournament on the #SportsReport. Thank you @Ryan_Hyland @coachjgriff1 @GatorWADE23 @SweetLouBBall and @JJayAthletics! #GoBloodhounds 
Me: Hi, how's your night? Them: good *touches knee* Me: have you ever been here before? Them: yes *slides hand up thigh* Me: *annoyed* so did you want a dance? Them: *still rubbing my thigh* maybe later
dean apologizing to cas in 
Pregaming in real life is like thunting before ranked - @TheMonstergurl
Twitter for iPhone
Grand opening in Brooklyn, New York, the Spider-Man museum! Come all and meet your favorite web slingers telling your favorite stories! 
Looks like everyone is sharing their salaries on twitter today. While I am all for developer solidarity and asking for more money, the problem I have with this "talk pay" thing is that it assumes everyone is in our lucrative echo chamber.
BOLTS WIN! 10 in a row baby! @CharleyBelcher @TBLightning 
It's not that if it's not gay I'm not interested, but: If it's not gay I'm not interested
"Let me be clear!" Dude named 
me when i hear my crushes  …
Making the family proud! Mr. Monomoy may already have all the points needed to qualify for the Kentucky Derby with this victory in the Risen Star's first division:  
Barnes and Nobles had special drinks for #MONSTA_X and #MONBEBE HOW 
Niggas play way too much why bro try to sugarcoat it? If she ran thru she ran thru 
it’s so random that it takes someone famous to kill themselves before people speak up about bullying and then the process just repeats itself again in a few months
Dear JENsetters, Don't forget to Like, Give Positive Comments and Push Jennie on Voguekorea and Petra Collins's Instagram. Report Bad Comment #BLACKPINK #JENNIE #블랙핑크 #제니 
Goodnight, see you inside #2020Grammys 
"The buck doesn't stop with me. Blame the courts." - President "The buck doesn't stop with me. Blame the NGOs." - Judges "The buck doesn't stop with me. Blame congress." - NGOS "The buck doesn't stop with me. Blame the corps." - Congress Democracy is a responsibility shredder
let me find out you’re trying to be like this and not break my  …
kids who follow the pipeline but don't belong in it, who otherwise once they got dumped out might start experimenting with other modes of living, instead getting shunted straight into middle age before they figure it out
¡¡CONTENT!!  … New songs. These are from Love Child, a show I wrote with @tanya_ronder. to all amazing singers and players. @Jamiemuscato @emkingston @gemmasutton1 @RupertFYoung @natashajbarnes
Three XFL defenses today have scored more points than Matt McGloin did.
Heard earlier in the week that Clint Sintim was likely successor to Vic S’oto on #UVa coaching staff and that appears to be a consensus.
Just watched @birdsofpreywb again. Loved it even more seeing it a second time. Huntress and Canary are babes 
Long story short... He’s not black
You know what’s really hard? Preparing yourself for failure. We always prepare for success, for the best  but how many of us really sit there and think about what happens if all those plans fail? To sit there and prepare yourself to accept whatever happens is so important
exactly. Worried about AG Berman SDNY,  He worked with Giuliani and his firm, donated money to Trump"s campaign, worked on Trump"s transition team and was  by Kushner. Trump personally interviewed him for the position. Another 
Shop my closet on @poshmarkapp! My username is distinctlyposh. Join with code DISTINCTLYPOSH for a $10 
Anti-vegans ignoring tens of thousands of healthy vegans on this app and then finding a single anonymous account that claims that veganism ruined their 
#Repost @shattawalegh with @get_repost ・・・ Shatta wale ft Natty Lee, Captan & Addiself #Chacha(Gamble) @IamGigzBeatz  .paq @beatz_vampire Out now on audiomack …  …
Guys sleep
Jackets take the second game of the day 14-0 against @EWHS. We return to action Tuesday night against @NewHopeBaseball @Yellowjacket Field! #JOD
If u still trustin niggas in 2020 , u might just be slow
Saturday 
Your credibility as journalist will be defined by how much time you spend on alleged misbehavior or supposed lack of etiquette among a presidential front runner’s supporters. Because we see you sowing discord for top 1% while justice, democracy, & planet’s future are at stake.
mini me vs me..!  
Lmaooo WHAT JUST 
Would you do 
She got married to an electrician and everyone was shocked. Add yours
SLIME. GREAT TEAM  …
Weibo update #紫宁 #火箭少女101 
I refuse to be average
me buying this paper for a whole different reason but still does 
On behalf of India Arab Friendship Foundation and All India Minorities Forum we Felicitated Mr. Hassan Turan, Member of Parliment Hon’ble Deputy for Istanbul Justice and Development Party (AK Party), Mr. Ziver Ozdemir Member of Parliment, Mr. Alpay Antmen Member of 
i cant. i’m 
An extract from the strip  ! 
vminnies, minding their business: h— some random: vmin are FRIENDS. they’re NOT GAY. i only see them as FRIENDS. PLATONIC BESTIES uwu. they’re not dating. look like a couple? yeah a couple of besties like if you don’t MOVE.
I think this is far from historic. The fact that we need an Ethiopian to mediate our internal issues shows you how much of a mess we’re in. Habesha intervention is something that should never be applauded and it’s definitely not done with good  …
The problem is that even while there are billions for capital projects, there is very little budget for operations, which includes routine maintenance. So there's an incentive to let things fall apart to the point that it's a major project to repair.
Warm-up is wrapped up. #DALvsMTL | 
If you stay ready, you don’t gotta get ready
Next up: Erin Wirth, USGS, “Understanding ‘The Big One’ - Estimating Shaking in Cascadia’s Next Great Earthquake” Good news: Wirth has capable microphone skills and I can actually hear her. YAY!!!!! Here’s our tectonic setting. It’s kinda shitty. USGS 
Drop a if you’re an active follower
November 2015 70 dogs rescued from the #DogMeat #Farm in #Ansan #SouthKorea @NamiKim_DogsSK Rescue Memories The  
Finally saw Marriage Story. They should have called it Divorce Story. Just a little piece of feedback, no big deal
I am in favour of ppl being able to pratice their faith but when that faith affects other lives it doesnt deserve consideration.
Find here the tracklist & stream of @ArminvanBuuren's Warm-Up Set on the Mainstage of A State of Trance 950 in Utrecht here again. #TranceFamily #TranceAttack #WeLoveTrance #ASOT950  
#TeamUOE Wooooooshaka #StormWOOOOSH UH hold on to your wigs! @_andicoyote @princess27young @akuashaz @sarahogbee @neatsz @shanteldebonsu @teeeeade @mickez_c @rxe_rae #TheBigClash  …
I stanned pentagon and now i can't 
how do you think the devil got into all those holy places? 
Mental health needs to be a priority in the UK especially for uni students, like top of the list priority. More demanding than ever both academically and financially but with less resources than ever it isn’t fair on students who are struggling
So my dad didn’t realise this was sent in the family group chat... absolute belter 
I've said this in the past and have definitely been accused of price fixing because it really pisses clients off. But it's not price fixing its about assigning a standard minimum value to a service.
I’ve posted these everywhere but idc I loved my gift x3 
“pitbull on pitbull crime is at an all time high!”
Here's a few additions - he finally got those 
This COP is fearless Ninja  …
1st college win as a pitcher! So proud of my 
marriage is such a goal for me, a healthy & loving marriage with someone who is my best friend... that's happiness to me
*{%{>\£+]^}%}}* I HATE 
Thank you for making it plain!
this is cringe  …
The one very specific thing the aaf and now XFL are showing... If you dont have an OL and a QB, you're sunk.
LA RAPPERS MAKE MUSIC THAT ONLY LA NIGGAS LIKE
I’ve leveled up to the fine auntie of the family. They could 
It’s like he’s hiding in roses Red Panda 5x7in watercolor painting $30 
Banneker had been upsetting everyone, but behind Marcus Burnett ( @Upnext_coco) & Zaire Wells ( @_TheRealZiare_), @SSHSVikings @southshoreboys dominated their way to a third straight #PSAL Brooklyn Borough Title, looking like favorites to win it all  …
I’m really hoping he chooses yang
it’s okay to have fun once in a while but taking it too far like this and just plainly laughing at her and associating her failure with minjoo aint it. The kids are humans and has their own businesses irl not everything’s abt the ship  …
This league is gonna make  …
I think today officially begins “he’s a one turn/Allen Jerkens Stakes horse” season
I think Bellarke should practice some “sleep” but that’s just me. I love this scene.. Jordan being a big brother. 
All it took for baseball players to show a little personality was a massive cheating scandal that will be a black eye on the league for years 
Buffy: Willow, you okay? Willow: Yeah, I'm fine. The shaking is a side effect of the fear. #BuffyQuotes #Buffy
Is this a toy or a bone?! Ughaahugh! 
about to get one of those cool brain parasite worm things to do all my thinking for me
a 
The world we live in is psychologically damaging. Social media has exposed the bile that's always existed, but had no regular outlet. Protected by anonymity, the jealous and begrudging now fill the yawning void in their souls by bullying and harassing others. #CarolineFlackRIP
Great moments in Black 
pause. do we get the tracklist AND the song descriptions at the same time or is it on feb 21 ??
Out in Vegas with some of my mini mes, working on some cool new recipes for 
There was about 3 mins today on the Clare coast when the rain stopped & I dashed out of @Fallshotel for a spin & to ask my friend @EditorSal of Banner Bookshop if she'd like to  a book. "Have u read Leonard & Hungry Paul?" Of course I have. She  it to 
2nd V-Day con mi princesa 
A very large portion of Tolland is not serviced by fire hydrants, so our driver/operators need to be able to draft from alternate water sources. Members practiced pumping out of the pond in front of Station 340 today. Cold days can still be training 
Do not be too stupid while trying to make savagery under my tweet. You don’t  under and call me names, and still think it’s gonna end well between us boy ! Learn the street first,  on to spit your smelly mouth PS : TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
She makes me look good! Out for drinks, pre-gaming for 
This same pride of Burna that made him walked out of Headies because he lost the Next Rated to Sean Tizzle and since then went silent and almost became irrelevant till he dropped YE. He is walking on the same path of pride, he think he has arrived, I pity him.
Does anyone know where to get some unique reusable shopping bag? I want them to be decent size for groceries. Bonus points if they offer sayings about the environment, veganism, or human rights.
unpopular opinion but i think yur really cute and yu need to stop hating on yourself. you may not see your value, but i do. so shut up and accept the fact that your a wonderful intelligent hooman being with a lot to offer the world
#SonicMovie spoilers with no 
BITCH THE HAIR THE FIT THE SONG THE VIBE NOACF IS GOING TO BE THE BEST ERA PERIOD 
When my day doesn’t feel right without talking to em.  …
I heard he got a tramp stamp that says #InsertHere tv show will be 
I'm starting to have a very low tolerance for male characters doing that specific type of condescending rage-failed yelling. The type  with screaming or a finger wag. Just not here for it. At all.
In West Texas, a house can be destroyed by a tornado. But it also can be destroyed by termites. It’s not just external forces, but internal ones that can destroy the house. Our true enemy is Satan, but if we aren’t careful, we can destroy the house thru inner conflict. #sbc2020
Nighty night sleep safe and tight all creatures great and small, two legged, four legged or more legged, furry, scaley, feathery or smooth... sleep tight all  …
Don’t you ever violate and think that you safe with me 
- Directed Krusty Gets Busted, Iron Giant, The Incredibles, Ratatouille - His granddad was born in Sligo - Won 2 Oscars - Brad Bird the 
