Ei I can’t send DMs again? Wozz dizz?
Curious about what the bowlers are facing in match play at the 2020 #USOpen? Take a look at the fourth oil pattern of this week's event at Sun Valley Lanes. It is being used for the Cashers' Round, match play and the TV finals, which will be live on FOX on Sunday at 1 p.m. 
Just check the trend lists on my country and look what's the order. Banjir sperma Anies. LMAAAAAOOOO. It's dirty. I'm dirty. Wkwkwkwk. Happy Sunday 
Conventional wisdom says that the Valhallan regiment of Imperial Guard are based on WWII Russian soldiers, but actually they draw inspiration from a number of different sources. For instance their teeth are based on the 
Iyke and Theresa are so cute #Iykeresa 
Team @Nfinite takes down @MinotaursES to advance to the Winners Semi-finals. Our next match-up is one you won't want to miss! #DHANA20 Next up – @Sentinels vs. Incognito  |  
If you cant be  you can’t win Success takes stepping out of your zone If you think you can blend in acting ‘normal’ and be truly successful...you’re wrong
Horrible if literal : My life
I oscillate between believing every decision in life is futile and believing that our simple ability to breathe is what gives it all meaning
Steve  in for a lot of (justifiable) criticism this evening. But the real problem is, and always will be, Mike Ashley. Nothing changes until he leaves.
btspop? for me, its 
Yamean 
Anyone else dream of having an office space where you can work on your blog with a few other writers and just CRUSH IT. (I watch The Bold Type too much. Wishful dreaming )
i’m gonna start talking like artist who did interviews in the 70’s and 80’s they sound crazy but i need to speak like that
Clinton Stewart went to prison for over 7 years for not paying corporate bills. A Federal Judge asked Obama to grant Clint clemency. Obama refused. Trump’s First Step Act freed him. Trump and republicans making a difference to African American 
So all of the smearing and attacks is what?
Some people remind you that God is real just by existing.
Would any ladies give me some odsonne hedouard
What a beautiful hadith, who can extrapolate some benefits for 
Kent Bazemore on Luke Walton and the emotions after a big 
#RemoStars: How the Federal Government has FAILED to curtail the excesses of the @PoliceNG beats me. #ReformPoliceNG #EndPoliceBrutality #ReformSARS
. @davidplouffe talking a lot of sense of @MSNBC rn
Today was a GREAT start to NCA week!! @CA_Cheetahs @CA_Crewcats @CA_Lions @CA_SwooshCats thank you for making me a happy coach today!!! See you tomorrow @CA_PlanoTX the energy was infectious once again!!! #thestandard #g3fca2a
One of the best wrestling theme songs ever: Agree or Disagree? #WWE #RAW 
As medical costs soar, more Americans turn to crowdfunding  
JUST ASKED MY FAMILY TO USE THEY/THEM WITH ME MOM SISTER AND BIL SAID THEYLL TRY MY DAD IMMEDIATELY SAID IT MADE SENSE CUZ I WAS A GEMINI WHAT A FUCKIN RUSH
The official "This is TWICE" Playlist on Spotify by @JYPETWICE has surpassed 520K (520,222) Followers! Leave a follow and Stream their Songs every  …
LaDon Jean Deatherage got up to give a speech. I did not approach to hear or film. I suspect I've heard it before a few times 
the reason i don’t want you guys following me on streaming services is bc NOBODY needs to know that i just listened to “cherry” by harry styles 13 times in a row
LETS DO THE 
#Medfield's John McNeil won the high jump state championship today, clearing 6'9" @MedfieldAD @TownofMedfield @MedfieldTrack @MIAA033  
Homeless encampment in the woods about 300 yards from my home. I found 3 separate 
Blue lipstick and an undercut doesnt make you trans, sweatie.
seeing the influx of younger people to Zulu Ball you would think it was us causing a ruckus but nah it’s y’all teedies and uncles doing dumb  …
not to be gross 
SBC Champs baby 
@HardballChris should be fired for his continued offensive remarks.
There is!! The Bernie/Putin bots are strong and will try to silence us and drown us out, just like MSM, but we won’t let them. We won in 2018! Never forget that!! Moderates WON!
i have to stream for three more days until i reach twitch affiliate let’s gooooo we will plague the entire world with our spores
mleccha won’t do as there are sentences in scriptures along the lines of, “if a mleccha has devotion to shiva..” or “if a mleccha is devoted to hari...”. Mutatis mutandis, it won’t hold.
BIDEN FOLKS REALLY WANT TO RETWEET  …
A — and I cannot stress this enough, #TeamPete — men. Whatever shred of sanity I have left can be credited to the fact that I don't watch cable  …
If Bernie beats Trump, so be it. I believe in democracy. Does the DNC?
amazing spider-man 2 is a treat for bisexuals and no one else
Challenge  …
People listened in 2016 & voted dutifully for Hilary to stop Trump. We got a GOP dictatorship anyway. Now the disabled, poor & refugees are dying at home while the GOP aids & abets Putin, MBS, Modi, KJU etc. Give up on Bloomberg, we’re not buying it  …
Four years ago today, I was crying uncontrollably after my doctor told me I had cancer. I’m 3.5 years cancer-free. I have amazing people that have supported me through this journey. And I proudly advocate on behalf of cancer patients. I’m beyond grateful. 
Trump presents any political  he doesn't like as illegitimate. And the prospective  he has been casting as illegitimate for weeks now is... Sanders failing to win the  …
 a women’s movement to a disease that has affected most families across the world as a joke
She made fucking up Sanders look easy last Cycle..... Didn't she? 
So Sorry To Bring You This News...Sorry, 
Once the #NASCAR Xfinity race returns to green, it will be broadcast on Fox Sports 2
Everyone loses to heroic Trump anyway #Trump2020 
Guys, I think I figured out who’s running Bloomberg’s social media  …
SouthSide 
Anyone old enough to remember these, the dreaded ‘lines’. Not that I ever got them, model pupil that I was 
Republicans and his spawn will prop him up physically, if need be, they're making money from him.
Agreed
I'm related to one of these people and it's not Pete. This was a pretty cool experience for  …
Open full photo please!! <3 It's @Technothepig and Floof :'') I know it has been a while since Floof died,, or was..MURDERED *cough cough >:(* But I decided to do some soft/sad/emotional art <3 Used very soft colors for this one :''3 Hope you guys like it 
It's Matchday. Come on you Gunners 
im laughing at my friends online
 #STATIC-XXX I AM ... LOVE . I AM ... FEARLESS ... I AM ... (NOTHING) 
Y’all call everything ghetto but be in social service with a LV bag on asking for help with a cut off notice better take that bag back
haven't been able to work for twenty minutes now because i keep looking at this meme and cracking 
i didnt realize until i left the house that im wearing mgk track pants, hoodie, AND beanie
Wow What an opening day for @LHSVarBaseball Alum @RyanVoight8 2-5, 3run Hr, 5 RBI's @BportBaseball Congratulations!
I beg my friend and brothers everyday. If the police in Nigeria wants to arrest you. Allow them. Don’t argue or fight them. Let them do what they want and when you are free you can take them on legally. These guys are animals, you can’t Defeat them  …
DRF Harness is thrilled that our @BergmanJay has made it on the ballot for the Communicator's Hall of Fame in #Harnessracing Best of luck in the voting!  … @DRFInsidePost
i love 
It all pieces together. Have you figured #Evil out? Evil, now streaming:  
Yeah well her network has been his campaign arm while crapping on Biden, including her.  …
Final analysis: UCLA had seven turnovers (zero in the second half) and held Colorado to 5-19 on three-pointers  …
This tweet is highly problematic
Ah for fuck sake 
"Immigrants are not taking your job, they’re not driving down wages and they’re not pushing the #NHS and schooling to breaking point, chronic underfunding and regressive policy is doing that, if anything immigrants have been propping it  …
Living my best life2 beers in, the Dodgers are winning, and I’m gonna act up 
I thought they were just called that for style and not bc they’re actual mink 
watching the office smacked is top 1
Want my Ecom Degree program for FREE? Follow these steps 1. Follow my new Instagram account  … 2. Comment on the most recent pic 3. I will pick 1 winner and announce it on Twitter tomorrow at 10AM GOOD LUCK
Don’t understand why Harry Potter isn’t on Netflix
I watch this 
I firmly believe this. Please don’t spend your life trapped in disordered eating because it doesn’t meet the clinical threshold. You deserve so much more in this  …
Looks like Dumbfuck Donald can’t keep his Big Mac hole  …
#AskJhene is that song that goes "like yesterday, I remember the night, saw you driving by, you had a bitch in your passenger side..." gonna be on the album. please respond, I don't have time for  …
A Major shake-up at #DCComics...Dan Didio is out and we are entering a new era. Remember, NOTHING to celebrate, critic the work if you want but keep it CLASSY!! WATCH -  
KATBARRELL FANS FYI: When tweeting your votes, make sure there are only 2 hashtags- #KatBarrell + #CdnScreenAwards in your tweet, otherwise your vote  invalid & we don't want that. We gotta get our lady holding that award! Right? Vote On!
When I worked with kids I recognized homeschooled students were on top with private schooled youths close behind. The public schooled kids were well behind. This was in terms of education, social skills, & manners. Naturally, there are always exceptions to the rule.
Probably they got those tickets to ask a job for Wonho
The Milwaukee Bucks are an American professional basketball team based in Milwaukee. The  in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division. They play basketball 
How times can change! What's it now @masterpiecepbs? #SanditonPBS #SaveSanditon  …
"you know jungkook, you’re somewhat of a n¡gger 
Tweeps are wild out here 
bitch you live like this? 
Holding my future side chicks that I'm about to eat HAHAHA 
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see Bullied Australian boy leads out all-star rugby team  …
Yes, I signed  …
I shudder to think that pee tape might have those poor women meeting a different fate than we would hope. It's not  for someone who thinks like him to humiliate a victim.
this made me almost piss  …
“Most women in my village, they are widows because of the Bougainville crisis. They are hard-working mothers." After the crisis, the women of Sivuna stepped up to run the village.  
So sorry to those who didn’t get to see me before the autograph line cut off! But don’t worry- I have another panel and autograph session TOMORROW! 
Game. Over. @TGrindAthletics dials it up late to get a big win early in pool play @Pylon7on7 X @ShockDoctor 
Catch her if you  …
Dan nailed  …
When you were trying to have a chill day and someone asks you if you think Coronavirus is pandemic karma for mankind’s 
Putin won the presidency in 2016. Tonight, he takes Nevada.
love u 
I can really see myself leaving the alcohol alone in the near future. Shits really overrated.
more basketball gumps would be in oxford if they weren’t busy double-dipping as boxing gumps in vegas tonight
Could not be prouder. Adversity shapes a player, and these girls really handled it today. West proud  …
To follow up we can’t all be Winner’s but still so proud of these 7 guys from the @PSBelite 2020 team on Championship Saturday! Congrats to @DD_Patriots & @cfaBasketball for earning state ‘Ships & congrats to @CLS_Hawks_Bball for their Valiant effort in the barn burner! 
I wear my tits under my  …
Congratulations to @mtrigg_23 for being a class 2A all-state selection 1st team UT. #RaisetheStandard
Interesting It seems to me the virus could be simultaneously deflationary and inflationary depending on the product in question. The demand side shock could deflate things like consumer durables for example, but at the same time drive up food prices and pharmaceuticals.
In the eye of the 
THEY LOOK SO GOOD TOGETHER 
“you smell so good”>>>>>
I mean I hate Pete but when he said in the debate to Bernie that leadership means what you bring out of the people who follow you, I felt that in my chest and a whole lot of women who support women candidates have seen what Bernie’s leadership brings out of a whole lot of men
Bernie Sanders’s family was killed by the Nazis.
Its my obsession its my obsession... U don't know how genius dragon is until u found the meaning from his 3 songs in row : window , she's gone and obsession ..
Imagine. Being shot for being a  …
Keep rolling. 
Can confirm...Bomber’s new square-bill EX-100 crankbait works! #fishing #bass 
So, were submitting our first offer tonight....
i i i. really cant get over seokjins 
Check out this gorgeous sunset pic sent in from the drill field at Mississippi State this evening. These clouds are are looking phenomenal! @MSUWeather #mswx #msuwx : 
This man gotta be the devil because the real Puerto Rican princess would never do no shit like  …
Soooo... we’re that good I guess? C9-0 xaxaxa
Matt Bochanski wins the PSAC title in the 200-yard breaststroke! 2:02.63!!
Post drinkin in your 30s makes you realize that you're not 20s anymore.
My newest love.  to the world baby. Everyone meet Elias Rey 
Glorious, empowering evening with Anne Enright in conversation with @kathysheridanIT IrishTimes Womens Podcast at Liberty Hall Theatre; Anne was delighted to hear that "Actress" features on the @IrishEmbBelgium #EmbassyBookClub reading list #VisibleWomen2020 fab purple boots 
Caucus 
B!TCH THE GENRE IS BTS trending ww at #8
Kyle Jamieson is tormenting the Indians as Sam Curran did in 2018. #IndvNZ #INDvsNZ #NZvIND #NZvsIND
Tonight on @MeTV's airlanes! @Svengoolie presents his big b'cast of Lon Chaney Jr. in his final Universal classic "Mummy" monster masterpiece film as Kharis in "The Mummy's Curse" (1944) @8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT! See you all tonight, fellow #Svengoolie SvenPals! Woo-Hoo! 
Are you gonna tour after the album is released? #AskJhene
MALCOLM: Scheer spoke the truth - and Trudeau didn't like that  
i am in the wildest uber i’ve ever been in atm this is 
LIVE ON TWITCH Live on twitch, playing some games and chatting! Come hang :) #GRNDSZN @EasternMediaGG  
That time @catherinekelley was walking around Barclays catching Pokémon during SummerSlam weekend 2016 and a fan recognized her and she got all 
SHOCKING! Whistleblower Philip Haney's Close Friend: "He Warned Something Could Happen to Him... It Will Be Falsely Called a Suicide"  … via @gatewaypundit
One more from yesterdays sunset lenticular cloud extravaganza. #wawx #sunset 
Tanya and Mileena if they were in MK11 this would be amazing look what we could have had Mileena: @metiusssss Tanya: @Mk11Edits & 
My new bowling 
Check out the @SoundCloud ‘Detroit Hip Hop Today’ playlist with  ft. @WESTSIDEGUNN  …
time to resume ohmfluke emo hours vid cr: @/__midnightsun96, @/BlueSky960601 #FlukeGraduationday 
Frigg "pronounced “FRIG;” Old Norse Frigg, “Beloved”. Like Freya, Frigg is depicted as a völva, a practitioner of the Norse magic known as Seidr. The word for “Friday” in Germanic languages is named after Frija, the Proto-Germanic goddess who is the foremother of Freya and 
Already counted in the 79 cases announced few minutes ago
the rights he 
And handful of beautiful @ninaturner laughing shots #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs 
PSA: you actually get leadership a greater share of the population finds tolerable with  …
Had an awesome experience at Bucknell today! Thanks for having me 
If u see me out in public looking rough, mind ya bizniz
WAITING FOR @HardballChris TO TURN THIS INTO A TELETHON PLEADING WITH VOTER PLEASE WE HAVE TO STOP THE MOST POPULAR CANDIDATE 
I think she just made a Tik Tok with the sound; like it's not her actually speaking, lmao.
[HELP RT] Hello OneIt, will help me sell this leftover from my fankit on #X1DERLUST and #myYOUNiverseInKL. X1 RM5/set BY9 
3 things you'll learn from this new Beta64 episode on the DSi: 1. The DSi originally had TWO game card slots 2. WarioWare Snapped originally tracked the player's bare feet 3. Flipnote Studio was created in less than a week Learn all this and more here:  
a cake for no 
Some pants i dropped today. Follow my IG 
Reply with your favorite ROLE PLAYER in the NBA! I’ll 
stay mad Jen 
THERE IT IS! Touchdown, Dallas, on a 10-yard pass to @Jiggydd_49! He came, he tall, he conquered! Tie game, 12 all. #RaisingHell 
I think about this a 
New washitape design uvu Please don’t use, Edit, trace, repost etc #JibakuShounenHanakokun #地縛少年花子くん 
DC / BALTIMORE - Come see the IMPRACTICAL JOKERS MOVIE with me on Sunday - bring the entire family and get tickets before they're gone! Here's where I'll be! #BreakTheBoxOffice @WarnerMediaGrp @truTVjokers 
The sky will burn red once The Dead descend. THE DEAD GAME @SusanneLeist  #HorrorFamily #DarkToLight 
Six years ago today Nipsey celebrated his first billboard near Leimert 
“I know it looked bigger in pictures. You’re not gonna tell your girls in the group chat about this are 
what if i got us matching 
That's career coaching wins for #Gophers head coach @FrostBrad. Here's to the next 400! 
B4 | #MocsSB 4, UNLV 1 THREE-RUN HOMERRR @Cameren_Ann! 
I cannot make up anything worse or weirder than actual MSNBC   …
Lmao I genuinely hate men.. and I'm saying this sober
What rubbish...a politician thinks she's above the law? Do I have news for  …
F OT: @WSSU_Athletics 82, Livingstone 76 
It doesn’t matter what *club* you support. But it does matter *who* you support. Be the best you, make football everyone’s game! #CAFC #FVH2020  – at The Valley
When two Doms play Cards Against Humanity... 
The MJHL proudly announces Goaltender of the Year, Rookie of the Year, Playing Ability & Sportsmanship Award #MJHLAwards  
ANTHONY EDWARDS 
if you like ur mom.. you can keep  …
need help enjoying things again
The nationality of the pilots is of no concern to me. What is concerning is pilots and aeroplane crew working longer hours than is considered safe. If Australian air crews are baulking then replacing them with foreign pilots doesn't change  …
New study suggests that coronavirus may be transmitted by faeces as well as by aerosol droplets, which raises the possibility that uncooked food, or pre-packaged food may be a source of infection  …
Pacific Islander graduate students who don’t already know: I highly  you attend #NAISA2020, especially if you’re studying (Critical) PI Studies/any discipline similar to it. Last year it was in Aotearoa. This year it’s in Toronto. Go! Rep! We’re proud of you already  …
. @Cruuushy is the @NBA2KLeague’s new Renaissance Man. He was a chess champion in elementary school, played violin in high school and played college basketball for D2 Mercy and NJCAA Northampton. Tonight, he was the No. 3 pick in the 2020 #NBA2KLeague by @KingsGuardGG.
every girl on twitter is a psycho
A good day to read “Liberalism, ultraleftism or mass action,” don’t you agree?  
I love when they say Bernie  across as "mean".  across as demented.  across as a lying .  across as a Republican.  across as an oligarch. And  across as irrelevant.
(The Return of the king) 
So I was the only one that saw Iyke cried . Chaiii my first victory over you guys, you don't know how happy I am, please leave me to run maddttt 
Start them young #EXO @weareoneEXO @B_hundred_Hyun 
tape w/ @2shanez3500 xxoon EP w/ @sellasouls1 xxoon EP w/ @axxturel xxoon singles w/ @SplashMane @lildisceased @icxxy_ xxoon who elses tryna xxnap w me
What a day for @CHSWHAthletics sophomore Gavin Sherry. He broke his own state record and ran the nation’s fastest 3,200 time. That, and more, in my State Open recap:  
"And those who are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with its passions and desires. If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit." (Galatians 5:24-25)
It's not a fear of Islam It's a fear of extremist Islam There's a difference A fear of being killed is perfectly reasonable imo and not a phobia The non extremist must speak out louder or they all get labelled There are a few on Twitter but msm would be wise 2 use them too
People don’t care if you’ve been there since day 1, if they wanna fuck you over, they will
After filming in LA for DWC’s MV, he claimed that he can fully understand English, which was a total lie. @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN 
If Meghan Trainor got any whiter she could start a Johnny Winter tribute band
Pretty sure Sanders winning one caucus and his hometown primary doesn’t mean he has won the nomination. Slow your roll, mothafuckahs.
lighting in bp is rly something else 
impressive move by trump this is claire mccaskill 2012 on steroids i don’t even know what dimension of chess he’s playing at this  …
Report blaber for getting bored and ruining me and zvens kda
Want 
#NewProfilePic true or false... he wrestled for a total of 2 mins and 53 seconds in all of his matches?? my boy is a state champ 
CHYLER & MELISSA. MY HEART 
Huawei threatens the alliance of spies who record all our calls, emails, internet use, as Huawei doesn't give them a backdoor, ending decades of surveillance. Bring on  …
I smell @HillaryClinton
You guys, there is a double rainbow all away across the sky over Las Vegas right 
I’m too nice bruh I be giving ppl like 20 strikes
Vampz: ITS VAMPZ NOT VAMP NOT VAMPS NOT VAMPZs JUST VAMPZ Jacob: um chile.... ANYWAYS  …
A high quality WA for all your needs #WA2000 
HAHAHAHAHA 
do y’all ever think about how nobody else in your life makes you feel the way bts does?? the feeling they bring is other worldly
I love when a recipe tells me to chop and sauté the onion in butter until transparent. To be honest I’m a little envious. What a way to go: cut into pieces, slathered and simmered until you’re almost invisible? Sign me up.
The more you seem to know the more they go nuts. XVII
20 pt win for @UCAMBB = @CoachBooneUCA 
Oh Dear God, accept me &accept me in purity. Accept me in a way that I will be worthy of seeing You. I do not want anything other than meeting You. Heaven for me is being next to you, Oh Allah Dua Kumail recited by  of hearts, martyr #Soleimani in martyrs' 
Ok all the snipers going for the @FrontGG 10k RC keep your eyes out for my next tweet. Y’all are going to want to see it trust me!
I noticed @H2ODelirious started playing roblox 
5 innings into Dodgers spring training and @JacobAmaya3 is already in action. Love it!
The only question anyone should have, though I've heard no journalist ask, is why would @RepAdamSchiff cover for the FBI's FISA abuses? He had the exact same info Kash Patel had, so Schiff was fully aware of the FBI's fraud to the FISA  …
when i go to the bars i’m spending your money. get it sent 
*chin hands* #CaptainRex 
Psalm 23:4 "Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil" #GodWins 
Dude he did go down from 50% of the popular vote to 30% of delegates... These are just facts. He’s not gonna do a 180 and shill for Bernie just bc he’s the front runner
GONNA GET ME A NEW YORK 
Especially the maturity and wise counsel
this is just insane...    like and retweet 
MELISSA POST A MELTIE SELFIE KILL US JUST DO IT
Pls share this with @HardballChris. Looks like he needs 
I look around the car park which is 90% empty Me- no mate. I’m not going to do that Go to walk off again Him- you bitch! I’m going to kick your car in Me- what? Do you think there is a single spot in this car park that isn’t covered by a camera?
Clean variety 5 man 1 killcam . @TruthAllianceYT @FaZeClan @FaZeUp @CallofDuty @CODTOPLAYS @MWModernWarfare @JaybeyHD @moody 
I pull this out during sex and then leave the room. 
To gostando desse lance de Twitter 
Winter sunset daffodils, Lake Tuscaloosa 
when they were asked to write their goals for the cb and Taehyung told Jin how its important to be happy to make 
fave pics of the 
We are actually thrilled about it. Everyone is just performing put upon academic. Lol We are too vain not to love  …
The making of taffy is oddly  – at Zeno’s
Love being an island gal 
Sat down with ⁦ @courtneyact⁩ earlier this month and talked fluidity of thought, identity and  …
Don’t y’all hate when you fall out with someone you used to talk to, they always tryna keep yo stuff hostage? Like bruh? Can I get my toaster oven? You know damn well, you don’t be making no toaster strudels
 list will be published first thing tomorrow :)
There goes Anthony Edwards 
I miss the times where saturdays and sundays are considered as rest days
join #spacejumpgang today and don't let this happen to 
Why's Kirideku so cute. That level of Good Boy Energy. It's 
Omfg I thought they were gonna remove the black heads or something wtf
you ever think about..small hubert smallbert if you 
Crazy Donald is going to lose. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
i’m having chocolate at 2 am yes who gonna check me boo
You're gonna lose by about 280 EV (and by 10 million votes) to Bernie on November 3, 2020
How do you keep your writing/prose fresh? 
They wer praising my boy for cleaning all by himself after Presh is done cooking 
are men 
I want to watch something. But I need to write. But I want to watch something. But I need to write. But I want to watch something. But I need to write. But I want to watch something. But I need to write...
bernies coalition of progressives, young people and hispanics is about to shake the table so damn 
WHY ARE WE IN MII GUNNERS  …
happy birthday to the goat himself 
I support President Trump for Re-election in 2020 President Trump's attitude as well as his demeanor is what I like most about @realDonaldTrump. If you believe how Trump speaks or how he tweets offends you..it is nothing more than liberal talking point ..no need to follow me!
I’m kinda worried that the people who reply to CN’s posts begging for content related to certain properties (ie. Gumball movie, SU Future news) and dismissing things from shows they don’t care for (sometimes even dissing them) aren’t providing a good example for 
hanging out on onlyfans for the night!   …
good morning!  …
Harry Styles as golosinas argentinas: a 
armynators we keep winning i’m 
Was watching James Carville on MSNBC talking about the #NevadaCaucus and y'all can't tell me that he doesn't look exactly like Eustace from Courage the Cowardly Dog 
Sope supporting each other on the stage is my favorite thing 
Calling people snowflakes over being upset about the racist and sexist retort they spewed about 
Wtf ! What kinda of parent would do that? I could never be that horny. I’m so sorry that happened to you that’s traumatizing asf. They never apologized or said anything to you about it ?
WE TAKE THE WIN! A 3-1 victory over @OvertGGs gives us our first win of the season! GG guys! Big performance from @AmphisR today as he takes home the first MVP of #RLCS9 #HearOurFURY | 
my friends flaked so ima just flood the 
#AGTG Very Blessed to say I’ve received an Offer from Ball State University! 
everytime i think “is there even a point of saying anything?” i have to push myself to open up  i want to shut down and isolate but shutting the world out isn’t the answer.
Fucked her 2 her favorite song so when she hear it she think of me
This troll is nothing more than an overgrown playground bully. Just like the kids who used to tease me about my "wonky eyes" at school when I had to take time out of class to go for tests. Some people need to grow up and get a life.
Does tapering for a marathon make it acceptable to be at a bar in sweatpants and slippers? Is it always acceptable? Never?
Love getting stopped by longtime #BayRidge Democrats and asked for the form to switch to the Republican Party because the “Democrats have gone crazy”- @KingsCountyGOP
Antonian defeats Houston St. Thomas 64-39 to win the TAPPS South Regional Championship & reach the Final Four! The Apaches were led by @g_ramos3 22pts 4rebs 3ast, @armstrongb_15 20pts 5rebs, @Devingrant028 15pts 10rebs & @Freddy_Amaro34 3pts 6rebs Back to State! 
“What is wrong with this baby”
Rental Property over a rolex anyday! Even if I didn’t want it. I cant flip that rolex plus ima still pull my phone out to tell the time anyway
I saw someone on my tl saying that in this scene u can clearly see the fear of losing tharn in type's eyes . The way type grabbed tharn finger and closed his eyes and now i cant stop crying . IM HURTING I HATE WANNJAISLEVE ME ALONE #TharnType #MewGulf  …
I found this so funny 
Finally when we proposed a cap it was a cap and decline. Without the decline the math doesn’t work. With the decline we can plan for a just transition and we send a serious signal to the markets allowing greater certainty for clean energy investments. 7/
Very excited to see how the vile Democrat Party steals this landslide victory.
PR performances for Haley Garza, Monique Spruill, and Haley Thomas in the Women's MILE!!
Lemme feel something 
girl will mots 7 finally be the album I pull a seokjin pc.......5 years & 6 albums and all of em jungkook & 1 hobi lmaooo
Popular websites are never finished. There's always something to be added. There's always something that can be tweaked. Sounds daunting, but quite good if you make your living building software! Learn to code.
Let me bless your 
Tonight’s Serial Killers is gonna be great! @vcstewart returns as a past season champion with Chick Tracks! And we have the return of a bunch of @skfools all-stars! @FrenchStewart @ActorLanahan @TroyBlendell @rlev1223 and more! Only $10! See you @11pm @TheBroadwaterLA !
#charmed season 2 ep 13 was a big step up for the story arc of TCOs. It made me have hope for the season. I'm glad that TCOs are gonna have to work hard to reconstitute the PO3. Atleast they have powers now to defend themselves. Let's hope they get PO3 asap, a battle 
This town ain’t for me. Yeah I said it.
lol imagine being this far away from  Parents listening to their kids???  …
Clint Eastwood signals his support for #Bloomberg. But I’m pretty sure he meant “Bloomberg Furniture.” #DirtyChairy 
What are you talking about?
cleanin your car show you the ppl in the backseat don’t have no respect
Gente abro hilo de : THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS THE GENRE IS BTS 
time to write down them march goals.
i just wanna clearly hear john deacon’s voice in a queen song. is that TOO MUCH to ask?????
That’s Blake and Present?
Disgusting. @HardballChris Matthews  Bernie Sanders leading the #NevadaCaucuses to the Nazis defeating France in WWII. @MSNBC:  the Jewish frontrunner, who lost family members in the Holocaust, to the Nazi regime. It’s 
Regional champs! 
Keep doing your thing Udoka Azubuike 
Your “preference” can be discriminatory. That word doesn’t protect you from criticism. Yall love that word and swear it saves yall. Refusing to date marginalized groups of people is a harmful “preference” babe.
Meet The Real-Life "Dexter" --- Serial Killer Of Murderers And 
Egungun be careful na express you dey go
Rydee me this as I catch the security 
'Scuse me for being lewd on 
His happiness is my 
Sorry racist dudes - we Uruguayan-Americans are here to  …
Coming to the dual tomorrow? Be one of the first fans to arrive and receive one of these Carolina Wrestling Superhero-themed 
I splurged on this Sega CD era Sonic! Also classic Amy Rose!!!! 
In this incredibly divisive age of humanity, it will be the love that Christians show for each other that will make the lost most curious and shine Jesus most brightly. #UnityNow
Trump’s corrupt pardon spree has only just  …
I was talking to KG & 1G Ss in the lunchroom the other day. I told them that I was excited to go outside and play. They looked up at me with wide eyes and asked “YOU like to PLAY, Mrs. S?!” Yes, yes I do! @TAYLOR_does_IT @mearnshaw158 @Greg_Moffitt @heARTISTatWORK  …
. @ninaturner dropping the phrase "intentional organizing" on @HardballChris on live tv is the 2nd best moment in modern electoral history, closely following Bernie on the debate stage telling Bloomberg he didn't make his $60 
BALLGAME A highlight-reel catch from Cowser is sandwiched a pair of Ks from Landon Ausley as he closes it out for his first save of the year. Kats go after the sweep tomorrow at 1pm at The Don. #EatEmUpKats 
Those interventions are called non pharmaceutical interventions, e.g. cancellation of mass gatherings 14/x
NEW! RT if you’d wear! Use LOYALTY for 10% off your first order! These dainty earrings feature cute dangling daisies! Dangling Daisy Earrings:  
my mom almost shredded my grad school acceptance letter bc she thought it was trash but the most important thing is that i got into grad school
Bbq is about ready baby back ribs and sausage and chicken fajitas, 
+1 Please say a prayer for 
It’s impossible not to smile when you see 
The Morning After: Don't buy a Galaxy Z Flip: #ai #deeplearning #iot HT @MIKEQUINDAZZI  
I rather count every grain of sand in the beach before I get down on my knees and apologize to anybody

After seeing all the money #MissRwanda2020 just left with, it looks like miss Rwanda is the move! Who needs school 
Oh and confirming something is loaded on the backend and claiming something will eventually happen are 2 diff  …
why am i getting followers? i promise i hate all white people dont worry, your time  too
You’re looking good, @cityofsandusky! There are so many people out walking around downtown - it’s great to see! This city is making leaps and bounds, and it’s only continuing to get even better. Just look at that architecture and the blocks of walkable 
"The people who sit in a lot of the most powerful rooms in the country pushing forward our news are not the same level of class...there is a worldview that is vastly different from the everyday voter to who our DC pundits and folks who are in the newsroom." - 
Handing out childhood abuse stories to every character and then killing them off with a laugh...... yeah, the hope of this “children’s movie”
I hope this new bodyguard keeps him safe. Sure looks like he’s got the experience. He definitely needed to step up his 
Kitten Finds Family He Always Wanted After He Was Rescued from Life on the Street A woman spotted a litter of #kittens hiding in her backyard she tried to approach them but they ran away, she knew had to try and save them. CLICK to find out more >  
District Champs!!! I am so proud of these young men, Tullahoma High School and Tullahoma City. We have tried to win and represent you to the best of our ability!!! On to the 
Heterosexuality should be banned from public spaces.
WHAT THE FUCK 
These girls are so much fun to be around and are a part of something special They work hard everyday at practice and are the loudest cheering on their teammates. Congrats on winning Semi State @mckennalayden great game #3peat 
#Klobuchar needs to drop out. She is toast. Nowhere else for her to win. #Steyer needs to drop out because he will never win. #Buttigieg needs to drop out as he can’t build coalitions. The democrats need to choose between #MikeBloomberg #JoeBiden #BernieSanders #NevadaCaucuses
In three years Donald Trump has received only two of his African counterparts in the White 
Alright, a deals a deal.. Today 6:30PM CST   
Bernie’s healthcare plan would kick millions of Americans off of their private insurance. That’s just plain wrong & unjust. I am NOT for a government takeover of our healthcare, which is why I’m voting for Trump. #NevadaCaucus
Our 1 Rounds KO Guys @jakepaul 
if you love someone, act on it
Ok great, we can't watch the @HoustonDynamo @ColumbusCrewSC game on internet. Two fan bases that want to watch their teams before season openers. SMH
Ladies and Gentlemen, Thomas Ravenel #SouthernCharm Now deleted. 
Ok if Bernie gets over 35% I will post the first 6 inches of my perfect medium dick
This part of Sarkodie's verse is a heart-felt verse. "Okyena is never promised, stop f**king and pick the phone up. Y3n solvi situation no like a couple of grown-ups. If you know say you f**k up you go to own up..." Shatta pick the phone, atleast he admits he messed 
What a day. Had close to 100 kids show up. Had a College  out and two kids earned offers from tryouts.... Gonna be a fun year. Thank you too everyone for showing up. Part 2 
-I'm kind of insulted that you just assume it was me that fucked your Lucky Charms. -You have marshmallow clovers on your dick. -Touché.
What tenderness I love them 
If anyone ever calls you mad or crazy, change it for them I’ve seen unadulterated psychosis and it’s not a good sight
*picture perfect* #Olicity 
You know, there’s a reason why many Black people looked into socialism during Jim Crow era. American capitalism for white Americans has always been da bomb, they sit on top of a caste system. White America idolizes it’s Ill-gotten wealth. Even a hint of sharing it leads 
Winning Team 
My tiddies would look immaculate in this  …
Getting to crush the NE Black Wolves - Rochester Knighthawks game with @BJ_Glash - 
Very impressive inning from #SFGiants nonroster pitcher Matt Carasiti, whose pitched in 30 games with the #mariners and #rockies. He struck out A.J. Pollock, Kiké Hernandez and Matt Beaty in order.
A MASK
Important set of 
Kinda wanna black out tonight but then I don’t
@TyreseMaxey at the half points assists 
Was anyone else ever in love with Orlando Bloom? 
Anyone on this website enjoy when @Baker_Cael12 and @Hayden_Dunhurst hit 
These are the best ones I got 
. @imyetep had us falling for the FIRST TIME 
The highlights as Motherwell move back to third with a draw at 
Florida Greyhound Racing: Derby Lane in the 
What happened in the Premier League on Saturday? Here's your round-up:  
A mere  are responsible for 71 percent of global climate emissions. These people are locking you and everything you love into a tomb. You have every right to be pissed all the way off. And we have to make them hear about it.  …
Doubleheader sweep We go for the series sweep tomorrow afternoon #ROCKtheHILL | 
In any event, I think what got counted as a critique of an RWA decision here is pretty telling.
FYI - just letting you all know that this was a joke and was only used for Twitter impressions - just like the people who claim they get ridiculed for being a Partner. It’s all for Twitter impressions. Twitter is a numbers game and you all just played.
Donnie, tell me about your accident!? -What accident? -Oooh damn, you’re born this way!?! J’ai presque envie de vous plaindre.. #TrumpNotFitForOffice 
Everyone they told us Sanders hated or couldn’t reach - women, the non-voting working class, people of color -  through for him like gangbusters. Pundits don’t know  …
I’m looking forward to Bernie winning the general election of course but I’m not sure how to have sex if Bernie Sanders is not running for President it’s been like 4 years and has  part of it somehow
i wanna know how y’all prounounce njomza
Yes, I am the same in person that I am on Social Media..... The same crazy, humorous, person that has no filter - what you see here is what you get in person - I don't need to be two different people and I do not put on "airs' what you see is what you get #NASCAR
Made a cool visit to Wayland, KY, today to see King Kelly Coleman’s gym!! @JRVanHoose @KHSAA 
Ok #Insiders, with all these questions for @AlboMP about what Labor will do re 2030 and 2050, what would YOU do to hold the government to account leading to the 2022 election? Name one thing you’ll do differently that will reduce the bs non-answers from them. Thanks! #auspol
ma pp
Go to bed, set alarm, sleep through alarm, watch highlights in the morning
Hello, Somebody! x  …
to 
Talking cowls only: Affleck > Bale > Pattinson > Clooney > Mazouz > Keaton I hate that rubbery neck so damn  …
 yesterday's track to 2015 Cox Plate: Winx - never lost another race Turn Me Loose - won Emirates Stakes next start Jameka - won VRC Oaks ns The US - won Ranvet, 2nd QE following prep (didn't stay in Cup) Holler - won Aus Stakes ns Yesterday's form will stand up
Excellent read,  …
 …
SHOCKING! Whistleblower Philip Haney's Close Friend: "He Warned Something Could Happen to Him... It Will Be Falsely Called a  …
You guys are lookin’ good! #TheGreatOnesieBarCrawl #LONGBAR 
Don’t forget family guy
When it’s $2 well drinks at Milanos. 
It's okay if u don't like me. Not everyone has a good taste.
It was all good just a year ago. Long live Neighborhood Nip Hussle. 
Them “I’m 5 mins away” messages
losing  with an unexplainable feeling that is constantly freaking there. no matter where you are or the time of day. it’s there. never goes away. you just kinda learn how to live with it. i hate it here
"Yes it's really true. Love really includes..love isn't always abt good things right? When we love smtg/somebody it's like admitting & recognizing all the histories that smtg/somebody's got. Maybe some dark sides so basically yeah it's A LOVE SONG TO OUR CAREER." Namjoon 
Dick Van Dyke endorses Bernie Sanders Calls for support from older voters We trust #BERNIE2020 to Get Us #MedicareForAll UNION SOLIDARITY 4 BERNIE #NVcaucus #NVpolitics #NVpol #UnidosConBernie #TioBernie #NVdems @NVdems #p2 #1u #PDA #SCpolitics  …
JUST A LITTLE MF REMINDER LOUIS WROTE HOME ABOUT HARRY
my mom and cb staging location director hung out in dc without me today but they’re so wonderful I can’t even be 
Cleaning and reorganizing my room and this poster scared the shit out of me. 
So relatable. There is always someone to let down. A student, kid, spouse, colleague. But may we all have the grace to have empathy and forgive each other. I’m proud that we try to do it all, fail, and keep trying  …
Dems have entered the Death Zone, similar to the one on Mt. Everest where the body starts eating itself, the D party is eating itself. They have imploded since @realDonaldTrump took office.  is leading their ticket! My  Ds should concede. 
Kawhi so mad he’s not playing with Lowry and Siakam rn 
#Auspol More Pork barreling rorts exposed by @jommy_tee @RonniSalt & @MichaelWestBiz Pork barreling is now campaign strategy, policies & doing what is right for OZ is back seat stuff. It's telling, Jom, Ron & indi news sites R now frontline in this  …
Watching Mike pack the house last night was really a full circle  a long way, going even further
hmmm it just makes my skin crawl how y’all defend women to no end no matter what they do and if  at their looks y’all buzz out but certain men get trashed daily and you advocate for that bulling. stop body-shaming and calling anyone ugly regardless of sex ok ??
No, I don’t think I will
The Prince Of All Saiyans x The Worlds Strongest 
[ENG SUB] Donghae's YT Live: HARMONY DAY  #동해와_함께_HARMONY #Donghae_harmony
The 'wood wide web' includes an amazing network of microbes & fungi that knit woodland ecosystems together. But by 2070, climate change may destroy 1/4 of ectomycorrhizal fungal species from 3.5m sq km of N. American pine forests – twice the size of Alaska  
If there was a reality show where a bunch of tarot readers lived in one house, who would you be? I’d be the one that never leaves her room and if she does, she’s in a blanket burrito on the 
I might fight my moms boyfriend tonight.
 #StrongLanguage Hoping it's a test only for you to discover it's reality Moving on is harder than staying even though you know it's a calamity More Till I can't give anymore Beginning of the end seems so sweet She stabs my heart
Just because you wear Ferrari shorts doesn’t mean you can drive like a racer! This character just earned themselves quite the prize for their dangerous driving. #NoNeed #WhatWereYouThinking 
I’m ready to correct as many people as possible. Wizkid’s NAACP Award is a continental win first, before country. You don’t discount a historic win.
Toxic Superfund cleanups decline to more than 30-year  …
I had a great day at @EdCampNKY with my @beechwood_tiger colleagues. We attended Joel Katte’s positive, inspiring presentation, 
Mate :)))) Kyle just spit a fag out from one side of the room to Jamie at the other side and he caught it in his gub perfectly Scenes
Thankyou  …
Former @SunDevilHoops coach Bill Frieder in the house tonight for game vs. Oregon State. Coached ASU from 89-97, headed the team that went to the Sweet 16 in 1995.
Tfw no one gets my whole life is the joke
tasha yar is a lesbian and I will die on that hill
Me leaving my group to go  …
You are delusional. You "ain't" nothing to be afraid  …
It was a "happy" Senior Day for @USFcougars_wbb, the #NSIC South Division Champs, which def. WSC, 89-75, in the final regular season game for 7 seniors: Kaely Hummel, Jacey Huinker, Andi Mataloni, Abby Slater, Mariah Szymanski, Gus Thramer & Jessie Geer. #CooPride 
Stop #4! Gopher Women’s Basketball game! Let’s go Gophers! 
I never thought i’d be able to experience this again... Happiness Begins Era has made the last year one of the best in my entire life. @jonasbrothers I hope y’all know how loved you are. Now let’s go to Vegas 
We’re a different breed here in the NAIA. IUSB gets loose on gameday with an orange @johnward213 
What I learned from James and Pat and Dave? That the English equivalent of Pechay is Snow Cabbage
#31 to the rafters! Congratulations  …
“The #CCP is now a regime teetering on the brink. If the will is there, this could be the moment when we could deliver real & lasting change not just to #Taiwan, but to #HongKong, #Macau, #Tibet, #EastTurkistan, & even the people of #China themselves.” - David  …
PHOTOS: Northwestern defeats Penn 56-46 for the semistate title and are headed to state finals for the third year in a  …
. @StephenASmith, @Bomani_Jones, @ArielHelwani, and others give their predictions for tonight’s fight between @BronzeBomber and @Tyson_Fury Stream #WilderFury2 on ESPN+  
Good performance but  This game is all about levels in good time they will all know #MaverickMasoud
New Moira nerf in Open division with 
this is cute but the music and the house together reminds of scene that would be in parasite or  …
They half support you just incase you make it..
Today's Prayer Page 54 of 366 ""God, as I open my eyes to the world, please open my eyes to what you want me to do in it today."
I've created the official Keith-isms bingo card. When we get a bingo I'll giveaway some shirts. 
I was sad! so I took pictures of 
NEW SONG “DEAD END” OUT NOW  
I'm crying!May all your dreams, prayer requests, ambitions &  to life. May you shine in the midst of all your troubles. You are destined for greatness. Your name is attached to greater heights. Prosperity calls upon your name. Excellence radiates from  …
My biggest fear is a killer saying some funny shit while I'm playing dead
In America we offer opportunity, you make of it what you desire to be. Not by raping Gov programs & EXPECTING A FREE RIDE. We also don’t deserve a US Rep to use us by marrying their sibling his citizenship, fraudulent tax filing, & abuse of campaign $for their lover play  …
I dont understand the controversy. If you wont permit CBP to inspect your vehicle, you dont cross the border. See how simple it is?  …
If Bernie wins the nomination and the presidency a lot of the same people attacking him and screaming about the end of the world now are gonna be his most fierce defenders
MSNBC’s Johnson: ‘Racist Liberal Whites’ Love Sanders — Staffers Are ‘Island of Misfit Black  …
Here’s your choice people! Choose wisely 
We're playing in a stadium! #FrogballUSA | 
Melissa post that meltie selfie pls DO IT
which one is 
Delete this now 
Dr. Tam, you need to cancel flights from affected areas unless you want to close the border. Longer quarantines and active emergency response is needed! Soon other countries will start closing their border to us because we will be such a liability. #coronavirus
A woman purchased a rental property as a gift for her man’s birthday. He says “I wanted like a Rolex, a chain, or something” instead. Which would y’all pick? Rolex or rental 
Paris Snap #Paris 
You will get through this. No matter how bad it is, you will find a way to control these symptoms and live a beautiful existence. You have what it takes. Have patience and believe it is possible. #mentalhealth
donald trump has made everyone stupid. Just look at how ridiculous these primaries have  It's like the whole damn country has lost its mind.
Bernie’s unionized campaign staff vs. Bloomberg’s contracted-out prison labour is a perfect metaphor for  visions for America  …
CBC Gem has a program called moon and me for kids and it has the literal soulless clown of my 
2 minutes until DH semis, i want this so bad but if it doesn't work out :( i'm confident though and i have had a great time :) let's do this
Dawnbringer Karma, by Clare Wong:  
rt if elijah should be the next gerber 
Just remembered I had to kick a couple out of glow show last night cause they were tripping hard on Molly and stole another couples chicken wing order. Lol. Don’t be like them. If you eat drugs  to my show please know how to handle yourself and your friends
I said wassup
No matter how many times I hear the story of @jrezaian & @YeganehSalehi and the challenges they faced as journalists, imprisoned for their work, and the love story intertwined through it all, it's heartwrenching. I feel lucky to know them. #CamdenConference 
#Win number in @NCAAD1 Congratulations Coach Newlee! #GoVandals | 
After Iowa, it was all Buttigieg. After Nevada, it's all Bernie and apparently Trump has won 2020 and Republicans have already won the House and Senate and everything is doomed and it's over. Glad we don't live in the age of hysteria and hot takes.
a collection of obligatory bokusakus that pop up in every atsuhina au i 
I wanna make her my  …
@GabesNo @FrankSantiago77 @BadMomMercy @honorbound1974 friends, can I get help with a 1K push?
feel 
#JAEHYUN x #CHOISAN dimple 
You drink pee
This nigga  …
Korea now has 433 cases confirmed after admirably testing over 21k suspected cases. Other countries have only tested a small fraction of this number. We are beginning to see missed cases lead  spread.  
Chris Matthews is saying that Bernie Sanders winning in Nevada is akin to Nazi Germany taking down France this man is having an epic 
New York’s own. Let’s get it 
Next Aus-NZ #FreeAssangeRally - TODAY (Feb 23) MELBOURNE, 2pm, State Library WELLINGTON, NZ, 3pm, Cuba St (crnr Left Bank) Attend with friends and family, join the fight for the freedom of Julian Assange! #springst #nzpol #auspol
The Cowboys clinched a series win Saturday at Allie P. Recap, stats, photos & reaction  #GoPokes #okstate 
@SenSanders #NevadaCaucus As a Vet Sanders saved my life with his VA bills that gave me expanded medical coverage. I had a medical a condition that would killed me but thanks to him fighting for vets in Senate I got medical from the VA which saved my life.
I know it's on really soft tyres, but the grip of this thing is unbelievable!! Through turn 1 and 2 it's ridiculous, genuinely looks like a  …
And if you can’t trust your man around ur friends u need a new  …
saturday selfie 
The RANGE 
Fro Appreciation 
Posted up in the Wynn 
Don't question your sexuality over being attracted to Gerard Way, EVERYONE is attracted to Gerard Way.
if i get bullied online will someone make me a go fund me?
it’s been a fantastic day :)
CNN contributor Van Jones says Bernie Sanders “is on his way to the nomination.” @VanJones68 @CNN @BernieSanders #Bernie2020 #BernieWinsNevada #NVCaucus #NVDemsCaucus #NevadaCaucuses #NevadaCaucus2020 
Perhaps she should try actually speaking to people with net worths under a million... just sayin. Would probably prove to be an eye-opening experience for her
do you ship mjar-jar binks and mjango 
Spring in 
Romanian page saying show solidarity. If you're at a farmers market even if the product look a bit worse for wear purchase them, it helps the farmers alot. This is true nationalism that corps 
youre probably gonna scroll pass thats 
#Bearcats go 1-2 in the 1650 as Noah Smith leads the way and Tyler Jone finishes 
Round 2 #outlast2 #twitch #gamer #gaming #streamer #SupportSmallerStreamers #StreamersConnected #Streamer_RTs #StreamerNetwork #horror  
CHECK OUT OUR NEW WEBSITE!  Free Shipping + BEST 
Imagine if these movies are 
ㅡ tip for showering  …
Bringing this up again for relevancy. Buttons and stickers (?) from @ButtonsPete - proceeds of which go to help support the #Pete2020  …
2020 topps series 1 silver pack gold Ronald Acuna Jr /50 $35 shipped 
Playing wrestling with your brother is fun, not until he cries
cha cha real smooth
NOOOOOOO I HIT DM LIMIT I CANT REPLY TO DMS MESSAGE MY ALT @EqyAlt
It’s been a wild ride so far working on the Sanders campaign I gotta say. Can’t wait to keep going
I ain’t even goin lie, i enjoy rocking alone rather than rocking wit fakes.. Just at the point where im tired of it all.
Is Mercy ur mate??=No Can u live the life Mercy's living?= No Can u buy a 75m house? =No Did u win bbn? = No Can u pepper people the way Mercy does? =No Are u the Queen of Highlights? =No So #MercyEkeIsNotYourMate
I’m gonna start using this when someone says something 
After capturing SAA soldier in #Idlib, this #Erdogan-backed terrorist beheaded the soldier & called his mother mocking her. I contacted SAA soldiers there, they're determined to revenge for their colleague & his mother whose heart is broken after the devastating news. 
Seriously disappointed. Why did I think #Katiehill was a progressive ally? Is she just another centrist boomer hiding in a youthful appearance. #smh I just can’t let this tweet go...
Final Regional Results: BC 10th place 126-Sam Duling 8th 138-Matt Gottschalk 2nd 145-Antonio Huerta 8th 152-Andrew Husband 5th 160-Hunter Trail 4th 170-Matthew Morrell 8th 220-Gabe Arredondo 6th
So Christiany 
"And sweet Katie"Awn que fofa Melissa via instagram 
Jay with the takedown in OT to win his 3rd consecutive state championship 5-3!!!! Congratulations Jay and LR coaches @Wildcat138
It’s like The blockage will unblock itself. Haven’t we heard thisbefore? Yep! We haven’t balance the books but instead we are in obscene debt. This is our grandkids legacy all because of 39% believed this  …
In my house I will walk on this floor with white socks and end the day with white socks. Some of you finish your day with socks as if you stepped in mud. Wash your floor.
roaring 20s. 
Better than boring ass  …
"I thought you were dead" -Trixie 
Batida de This Love//Letra de This  …
it’s prelims week! aaa can i get a goodluck from my kapatids? #SB19D1TilFoodIbig #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 @SB19Official
you're 
Stupid deaths, stupid deaths They’re funny cos they’re true Stupid deaths stupid deaths HOPE NEXT TIME ITS NOT YOU HE  …
bored. missing this big baby. mingyu please do something so i have something to 
Retweet the W! @UVAWiseBaseball knocks off Mars Hill 7-4 for the program's first ever @SAC_Athletics victory! #GoCavsGo #D2Baseball 
tbh i’m that weirdo that is TERRIBLE at eye contact
I don't understand why y'all are so much more concerned with the left-liberal loss in 1972 and not at all concerned about the center-right liberal loss in 2016. The latter feels far more relevant than the former. Doctor Sleep was great though!
I'm playing in a very special EVIL one shot with Dingo and Felix with the Mercs of  watch us do evil things like steal and murder and go online without asking our parents >:D  
I should borrow you money so i’ll turn to mbah on this app. No fam, i don’t have
Secured T6
Nevada has started to report the first set of results from today's caucuses. Watch the  in 
░░░░░███████ ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ Bob is building an army. ▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂ \☻ This tank & Bob are against Google+ Il███████████████████... ▌\︻╦╤─ Copy and Paste this all over ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤.... / \ YouTube if you a
My step dog is really sick and needs your help  …
*Thought Exercise* 12 tm SF .5ppr Dynasty You have 1.02, 1.03, and 1.09...who do you pick? @XTBoxscore @PauliesSleepers @DynastyTradeFF @MikeReedyFF @DynastyNerdMike @TheBauerClub @SuperFlexerFF @SuperFlexTrades @JCWHelmkamp @DynastyDog01 @SuperFlexDude @DynoMC @FF_Skyler399
Tom got 3% of our delegates in our school (7 total precincts) Pete got 26%
MSNBC is a pile of shit.
<3 <3 <3 for public libraries.  …
US citizens will go broke paying for illegal immigrants to have Medicare and free college. The Bernie future is easy to envision, if you bother  …
They only have iPhones and large followers, you have your dignity. Una no be mate
Both of them
“while I'm gone," gansey said, pausing, "dream me the world. something new for every night”
love you  …
Evaluating whether there are pub health interventions  level that, might slow COVID spread in  in order to create less numbers of very sick people all being in hospital at the same time 13/x
One Piece | Ep 31 Wait- Hometown?? She's not a mermaid right?? Is she one of 
Final: Bulldogs take game 2, 8-3 over @dordtdefenders Will Shaw picks up the win. Hunter Robinson with a pinch hit home run. Bulldogs win the series 3-1 #BulldogPride #KCACscores #SkoDogs
Who misses #DKSundayFilm and @D_dong_ii ? While waiting, let's keep streaming and sharing Flower!   … #너란바람따라 #동혁이란_바람_따라 #iKON #iKON_iDECIDE 
Bitches be bums. Not even money wise. Bum brain, bum thoughts, bum vibes, bum energy.
Ok Rhea you better attack. Cause Bianca better not lose clean
Replacing career civil servants with political toadies is the definition of corruption. Is loyalty more important to you 
come out you black fields of athenry and  …
Sooo babe can we go eat ramen ?
Goodnight I love seonghwa the 
Correct! So we agree employers and big business owners should stop stealing the surplus value of their employees labour?
#TeamPete in Cincinnati #Ohio taking their personalized swag up a notch! Join their #HonkandWave tomorrow  
"NOTHING TO DO WITH ME!" “OK, I may have jumped up on it a few times….” Smith redesigns one of his platforms at the #ADIWildlifeSanctuary during some rowdy play. Smith was fine, but does have the look of innocence like those dogs & cats who have trashed a home. #guilty 
watch me glowin’ 
Gave who  …
"Bunny ears are pretty 
Joshua Middleton’s variant for Batgirl #32 has been made into a figure for The DC Designer 
. @FIAWEC #6HCOTA Qualifying session is happening now @AFCorse @MRracing_real @RedRiverSport #Ferrari488GTE 
Doesn't Bernie have enough houses already?
Nevada voters support a lifelong registered Independent who hates the Democratic Party.
his face went to 
Anti Astros signs already being confiscated at their first spring training game. (: 
"and i pray that just like a flower, you will get what you blossom for." happy anniversary my brightest stars!!! continue spreading happiness and inspiring people with your amazing talents. 사랑해요! #ASTRO_AROHA_4EVER #4YearsWithASTRO #아스트로 
oh you’re an ultrafinitist? name every number
A form of self 
since we wanna talk ab gmw: riley was a bad friend, she didn’t deserve maya. zay, farkle, and maya were the only tolerable characters. lucas deserved a better storyline. riley only liked the idea of lucas but didnt actually like 
Lol bro he just smashed into the earth what update are you expecting
If y’all don’t want Bernie, you have to get behind Warren. Biden and Buttigieg are not viable candidates. Warren has the appeal and grassroots energy needed to win this  …
Joe Maddon watched Jo Adell take batting practice against some #Angels pitchers yesterday. “He got loud,” Maddon said. “He’s gonna get loud for many  …
Not to be naughty, but there are only 69 tickets left for tonight's  …
Surprised to see so many Communists in our Country. The allure of FREE STUFF, without questioning how we will pay for it. #Trump2020Landslide 
“I am so transphobic that I’m going to advocate for a sexual  …
gettin 
Cory Gardner got lucky by running in a midterm year and was counting on Clinton winning in 2016. In the Trump era, Colorado is on the same trajectory as Virginia. Democrats hold all of Colorado's row offices for the first time in years. Gardner is this cycle's Dean Heller.
Tried my hardest to throw but the boys didnt let me, ggs @OvertGGs gl for the rest of the season :)
New cafe I’ve discovered is just the best for a bit of coffee and some @TESOnline sketches #ElderScrollsOnline 
Here is a huge 16x20 oval stretched canvas! I love how this turned out!! Haven’t done a big piece like this in awhile!! Super glossy finish! $120 and that includes shipping dm me to claim it 
Really good performance from Brad Foster to stop Lucien Reid after six rounds and settle the dispute from their draw last year. Nice ITV exposure for Dennis McCann and Willy Hutchinson.
I got bored and booked a flight to NY, soooo I’ll be there tomorrow
I can't believe I'm doing "independent art" after paying $200k to Calarts for animation to pursue working as a cog in a machine in the animation industry, thats actually wild
Have those greedy farmers run out of the never ending importation of underpaid modern day slaves from the EU to  …
Texas Tech shot 72% in the first half.
TAEHYUNG'S HAIR IS SAFE AND UNTOUCHED PRAISE THE 
Oh, they’re hanging up something here soon... 
I swear my book starts with Milton Friedman in the 1950s, but to understand the history of school choice you have to go back a lot further. My latest 
Congratulations to Coach Brown Section 8AAA assistant coach of the 
Last I heard we still fly the Canadian flag in Ottawa not the United Nations Flag! Canadians must stand up to the idiocy of the globalist United Nations which Trudeau, being an idiot, is trying to get a seat on at Great expense to Canadians! They want to destroy us! Our  …
Blinding lights is such a bop hold AWN
#RwOT let’s all put hands together and Thank Dj Ira! Job well done Queen. #KakaDj 
finally a chair for us gays with a total inability to just sit tf down in a conventional 
I've already converted both my kids to Bernie. One millennial and one gen X.
S/O to the women that appreciate us. We appreciate y’all  …
i loVE HIM 
I just wanna be held like the IRS holding these tax refunds
Awesome stuff @McKennaHaase .. Keep up the great  …
Between Chris, Joy Reid and Jason Johnson @MSNBC has the trifecta of hatemongers. Not something I think they would be proud of...have no idea why any of them have jobs.
He wakes up the next day from the sound of his phone ringing. "Heo?" He mumbles in the phone, still pretty sleep. "Jeongguk?" "Yeah mom?" "Excuse me?" "WAIT!" Jeongguk says as soon as he realizes something is fishy and looks at his phone. It's Momo!
me in 2016: voting for a WHITE MAN?! couldn't be me luv me in 
The folks at @ParasiteMovie sent me this rad t-shirt! If 6 Oscars didn’t convince you to check out #parasite yet maybe this pic will! Also #Snowpiercer is bae. #bonghive 
100k YT subs special - I beat the final boss of MHW Iceborne with the Kinsect only  
also interesting that they didn't include vulture at all and dumbed down mysterio's  almost like they're actually good villains but we gotta prop up "old movie was better" instead of acknowledging the possibility that multiple versions can be good
Thank you so much my friend for the amazing ride Please be sure you are following this awesome patriot and conductor. @CaliNeedsHelp 
Another beautiful day and it's a nice relaxing 
also Reynaud was the prime minister, not a general. So his history isn’t even right.
#BernieWinsNevada feelin it down deep 
You have just over an hour to vote at Cinco Ranch Library! Your vote is your voice! @FliptheTXhouse @AnniesListTX @VictoryFund @texasyds @texasdemocrats @TexasHDCC @FtBendDems @DLCC #voting #vote #txlege #saturdaynight #txlege #txed 
the trolling is  …
Congratulations to Eliot Tidgren, Joe McCartan, and Owen Perrin for winning the Critic’s Choice All-State Banner for their Group Improvisation today in Ames. I could not be more proud to have been their coach for the last four 
“you’re cancelling my fave?hm i could like a reasonable person just say why i stan who i stan &move on BUT WAIT I HAVE A BETTER IDEA I’ll just try cancell your fave instead!cause everyone knows the best way to argue is to insult the other person! genius i know!” lmao
true story except we did have a precinct captain, her name is sochi and she works at mandalay bay and is a member of the culinary union  …
For almost 4 years, Chris Matthews & the Fake News Media has been calling @realDonaldTrump & ALL of us Nazi's. Tonight it's Bernie Sanders. EVERYONE Globalist Elites don't like are deemed Nazi's.  to 1984 & the Democrat Party! Karma's a bitch Bern! #NevadaCaucus
This is a good tweet, esp from Jennine, and yet the Holy Roman Empire's mercenary army did throw grass roots Bohemian rebels out of the windows of Prague castle....Sometimes you are not the  …
happiest here 
The Cook is back in the kitchen. We're proud to select @Timelycook with the 11th pick in the #NBA2KLeagueDraft Powered by 
RETURN of the SPRAY CAT 
Fun day with our 23rd victory of the season and an opportunity to see these Cardinals, including a group from our 2005 Final Four team! 
Cody, Marisa, and Benjamin knocked on 68 doors in Miami today!! One for each county in Florida and one to grow on! #FloridaForBernie #Bernie2020 #MiamiForBernie 
Winston was giving Livingstone HELL boy, we love to see it
year 1: “I can’t believe y’all lost to Vernon..” Year 4: “that’s vernon!”
Joe Biden is so sad about his awful showing in Montana, today.
Baze "We’ve got 20 some-odd games left and it’s a crap shoot right now. Some teams are injured and 4 some teams it’s a sink-or-swim moment. You see it every year, a team gets hot and makes it interesting there at the end. We’ve got some lofty goals and the group to get it done."
i been  …
Fact check:  …
. @MostRequestLive can make it right by playing #ON Featuring @Sia by @bts_twt for the #BTSARMY #MostRequestedLive #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy  …
This lan is about to be crazy These kids do be going crazy 
did about 15 more no 
I WILL TAKE 2 MORE C2E2 COMMISSION PREORDERS BUT THEY HAVE TO BE SUGAR MAN!!!!
We're gonna beat you too
kinnies be like "im so intimidating" bitch you kin himari uehara from bang dream girls band party
I need a new loml... my old one didn’t even  see me in the hospital smh
Yes and the MSM and jealous Dems will say Russia was behind it. They are stuck on Russia, Lol. #NevadaCaucus
Eric Idle - beard salesman. John Cleese - salesman with a beard. #LifeofBrian 
Thanks awesome peeps @BALLANDCO @Twiggypeasticks @Thombs1 @LovesVintage43 @Danibaggs85 @handmaiduns @TwoKingsVE @AirPlantLove @icedrainbow @BelindasHandbag @citylivin58 @Jas_LilyWreaths @MaisyPlum2 @JoanneC59874858 @Ness_SeaGlass @crafty_bijoux @samm_designs @littlefabshop
Have nice weekend evening, citizens 
terrible 
Beautiful 
Presbyterian College Signee Tim Newman Jr 
Who’s chasing the panhandles tomorrow? Maybe the first plains tornado of 
Congratulations to our Eastwood JV who won the Championship this afternoon in the Americas/Eastlake JV tournament!! Eastwood - 15 
SIGN THE PETITION: UC: Bargain with the Union Now! The Rent is Too Damn High! -->  
 …
My dad got his 1st driving win in like 14 years...and he went coast to coast...what a fucking savage
boy you winnin in nevada like it's nobody's business, save these for later!
IPPON！  
I think that was when we were at MLG Dallas under SoaR. He calls me and goes “yeah I joined FaZe..I’ll still be involved this weekend dw”
18 years later and only one of them is still 
Another daily dose of inspiration from @david_perell: "Write things that are uniquely interesting to you. Be different. Be unlike everybody else. Take your weird and make it weirder. With any kind of long-term habit, nothing matters unless you enjoy it." 
Rose why are you so beautiful ???? 
“Concepts create idols; only wonder grasps anything.” ― Gregory of Nyssa
The most sad part, to date, Whistleblowers of 1MDB and SRC has been jailed longer (or killed) than the three masterminds who perpetrated the whole scam. In fact, none of them is yet to spend more than a day in jail.
*First, everyone is physically ok, and I do not need any consoling. This is an observation. Something terrible happened in my family today that will emotionally scar many for the rest of their lives. It put things into great perspective. I’m leveling up once again.
guess who the manager 
15 year anniversary since the making of the avatar.. time goes by so fast i wish they did a time skip and made more episodes this show is by far my favourite of all time.
Gotta start somewhere. Tried to teach myself a lil @Illustrator today 
Because I know @lindskluesener is too humble, I’ll go ahead and brag on her behalf. @EAST_HAWKS school record. Broken. @uf_xc_tf school record. Broken. 2nd highest jump in conference history. National qualifier. The sky is the 
If the other Democrats don’t destroy Sanders, especially in the next debate, Sanders will destroy the Democratic Party. I think it’s probably too late but it’s their last chance.
Blue Labradorite Butterfly Necklace This was my first try & im so happy with the  Find this beauty on my shop 
. @AndrewYang getting more of that 
Is it okay to simp in Ewa Beach? 
i think about this 
Jadgy (b. 1999) Taurus at Sunset, 2020 Oil on 
He provides simple, feel-good answers  problems and encourages his followers to think they're morally superior to everyone (which is better than getting invisible), just like Trump does for the right wing.
Need 
Put pressure on a nigga & he gone run to a weaker bitch
Mr. Trump and Mr. Sanders represent the most divergent ends of their respective parties, and both are backed by supporters known more for their passion than their policy rigor, which makes them ripe for exploitation by Russian trolls. . . .”  …
what’s your favorite skincare product ♡ #AskJhene
Move over Christopher Brown, we got a new  …

men out here saying “I want a gyal who could beat me” blah blah and my mother telling me no one go love me with tHaT aTtitUdE ??! Steupppssss
i’m sorry, but i think “free tuition” would just further devalue a college degree.
Last night was crazy! I actually got to meet @akaD3V ! and lemme tell ya, he threw the fuuuck down! just 
my cosplay for todays anime convention 
FOH. We tune into the NFL to watch the players, not the owners. The NFL is the NFL because of player talent, not ownership. We’re one year away and NFL owners are desperate for a deal now — labor peace for sponsors, media deals, etc. Would love to see a  …
I am Team Persist! I am Team Warren! #PresidentWarren 
summer days at the 
When test distribution has  as training, there is no extrapolation being tested. A large transformer can learn mapping without learning to reason. We showed extrapolation  models is much better  …
Meanwhile I make @wbuxtonofficial look concerned on @F1 TV - also we look at car parts.  
Fmr. federal prosecutor: Trump ‘trying to destroy many of the institutions’ responsible for U.S. national security  … via @msnbc
PJ Walker, Cam Phillips and the @XFLRoughnecks made Raymond James Stadium their home 
New/old photo of Timothée in New York! ( 
REMOVE YOUR CHILD FROM THESE PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEMS NOWPARENTSDO NOT LOSE YOUR CHILD to these SICK perversions of some deranged educators fanciesYOUR CHILD IS BEING BRAINWASHED #StopTheInsanity Calif. Schools: Hormones through Homeroom?:  …
You're  embarrassment. Republicans, your children won't forgive you for this era.
good 
Alanna: Is Max Muncy better than you because he got a home run? Cody: Way better.
Note to 
thank u @CaptainPlanetOW  
theyre literally glued side by side omg 
Being wrong after a long  …
you  up with a better nickname than just "Crazy Bernie" man
Made it back from @ethereumdenver and have had some time to finally sleep and  a bit. Here's my two-wei on the conference looking back :) First off, so thankful for live/later streams since there is so much amazing content packed in, there's no way to get to it 
Back to 
Then you crash the  …
Please take a moment to view my note about the Student Climate Survey. The survey asks a range of questions on student efficacy, persistence, safety, belonging and bullying and is voluntary for students. Read the full message at  
*pours glass of white Hennessy on the 
anyways, bts is their own genre and the kpop industry should stop leeching off from their  …
shows that he needs someone to 
It's hard for French judges to be merciful when they have such a thankless job.
Thinking of giving out freebies How are they ? #BTS_TEXAS 
What a great first day of spring practice. Football is back! #BANG #GetIn
A great team effort today, but Brandon Haynes is your Cougars Player of the Game! 
Could all change if Bloomberg or some dark money group truly opens the flood gates of negative ads. Hasn’t seriously happened yet  …
Someone cast Proctiv's Dancing Mountain #dnd #rpg #dndmemes #dnd5e #wizardsofthecoast #meme 

"We might face some shadows or maybe disasters even from now on but we alrdy admitted these as part of ourselves. It's like a big statement/manifesto that we GONNA CARRY ON." Namjoon @BTS_twt Link :  
I have NEVER SEEN A RAINBOW THIS BIG BRO 
Happy birthday to our beloved bassist and best friend @bludetiger . What a babe, and damn can she rip that 
When I tried explaining this to Berners this morning, I was told I was "Trolling" and I do not know what I am talking about... I dunno... After 18 years being an Investigative Reporter/Executive for an ABC affiliate, I felt justified in  Oh well...And So It  …
I wanna Netflix and chill. Like actually chill..don’t touch me
Gonna be going live in 30 minutes for some more Xenotype colors. If youve got the time... Ive got the brushes.
MARCA's José Félix Díaz: "Real Madrid dominated Levante. There were chances, attacking moves, 19 shots, seven on target, but no killer instinct. This is nothing new It's an illness Madrid have had for 1½ years. If an early goal  their order disappears."
pick a butterfly chakra for  below which “” you picked 7crown 6third eye 5throat 4heart 3solar plexus 2sacral 1root check pinned tweet if you want a more personal tarot reading and dm 
What an incredible shot here. Two dead satellites very nearly colliding at a relative velocity 33,000 mph (Mach 44). We got  …
they crazy for that 
Kenny Tracy broke DCHS’s all-time scoring record in today’s game. That’s a lot of points! Proud to have coached Kenny over the last four year. Congrats 
I’m finally officially a registered behavioral technician manee
you’re next  …
its ups n downs n dis shit but i swear im down forever .
from the cradle 
Proud of everyone who came out to support Special Olympics of Colorado by jumping into freezing cold water today at the Polar Plunge. My wife is the director of this event and they raised well over 100k in one day  …
Nintendo reuploads Animal Crossing Direct, removing reference to one-time save data recovery #Repost  
Ah, sh!t, I just imagined Jin dancing while singing MOON during the concert What if-  I- @BTS_twt #BTS 
Hi Friends , Here I Attach Original Picture & Edit One; The Picture Edited By Me & I Put My Club @Thalafansml Watermark There, Some Stupid Take The Pic & Hide It. Don’t Do Like This, If You Wanna Put Ur Logo Or Watever Don’t Hide The Creater Watermark. 
3 Dead, More Than A Dozen Injured After Calif. Bus Crash  … 
the way yaman grabs the phone is so different now it’s much softer  …
nicki did bring female rap back from the dead. we have to give her that tho.
Cat 
Undersized Plus Sized 
idc what any of y’all say,, this was the REAL cultural 
Anonymous Bants aside sha, I'm a very fine man
Breaking News: Leader of the opposition holds Prime Minister to account for not doing his job!
everyone's upset about UNICLR and i am too dumb to understand anything about this game in the first place, so the balance changes don't affect me
a lot of us also ship geralt with Regis but the difference is that we respect yennefer’s importance in his life??? also, simplifying yenn and geralt as “just another mf ship” when it’s 2 abuse victims who find closure and healing in each  …
Now do the stats on how many people did in car accidents you  …
That #Big12WBB feeling #SicEm 
There’s nothing I enjoy more than the listing of outrages by elderly Jewish men. And even I can’t stand Bernie. That said, I don’t see his potential presidency as an existential threat to the republic. That’s not great on a placard. But if he gets the nom, I’ll fall in line.
I don't fear 'normal' people; there aren't any. But I worry about people who WANT to be 'normal'; if they lie that hard to themselves, how much will they lie to the rest of us?
not to bring up old shit but i really did snap this weekend and i met the loml this night 
 …
We didn’t have a strong launch. Our performance was lower than our estimated by a factor of four. We absolutely turned the game around though. Our revenue grew by ~20% year on year and we grew the team to 20 folks and handed out over $1m in profit share to the team.
That hurt mama more than it hurt her!
Crank this Gimmick up to 11!!! "All Request Saturday Night w/ Kenny Kidd" STARTS NOW!!! Only on  & @985WNCX 216-578-1985 #DrinkABeer #Kiddiots #Horns 
Coronavirus. Ebola. SARS. Zika. The last few decades have seen a spate of new viruses jump species, with devastating consequences. That's not an accident—that's habitat 
Willian edition would be needed
The donors who she didn’t ask to stretch their money on a campaign without a path will appreciate and remember this in the future. She showed mature long term judgment that few in this primary have.
Happy #NationalMargaritaDay @jimmybuffett 
Thanks for watching "Miracle" along with us on #NHLMovieNight! RETWEET for a chance to take home and an Eruzione signed puck!! Rules:  . NoPurNec, US/18+, Ends 
craving affection.
Los Pollos Hermanos is a front for a meth ring.
Sweden has been destroyed! Such a sad end for this once beautiful country.
Why Did Susan Collins Gamble Her Legacy on  …
Pipe down grandpa. It’s Saturday, relax and have a couple of shots. Cuddle on the couch and watch a romcom with 
Trophy Hunter Fatally Gored In Groin By Herd Mate Of Buffalo He'd Just 
OMG, That might be the greatest nickname for Hillary Clinton of all-time!!!!!! Grandma Death #GrandmaDeath  …
Have to wonder whether eight years of being the most fouled player in the most physical league in Europe has taken a toll on Hazard’s body. He was remarkably durable at Chelsea
Imagine cheating on someone
Semis start now! If you want to watch my performance at Anaheim check out  . He is streaming strictly my gameplay!

This should be in 
Please read & respond  …
We're watching corporate media, particularly @MSNBC, go through the 5 stages of grief publicly. Shock, Denial, Anger, Bargaining, and Depression. Let's hope by the time they reach Acceptance they will accept that they have let the 99% down for the past 4 years.
experimenting 
advice for the “just ate, now for something sweet” people; a thread (this is just what has worked for me it’s not backed up by anything)
Falliam + Sam, the only open marriage that I agree with 
regardless of what your opinion on AOC is, her rented designer dress was $580; a STANDARD tailored men's suit costs $500-700. a DESIGNER and tailored men's suit is over $2,000. it's fairly clear what this article is trying to convey  …
i miss how intimate the swt was..you’d almost forget there was an arena full of thousands of people around you cause you were just there having the time of your life w your favourite people
If you lay on the ground in Inwood Hill Park eventually the Blue Jays will start hopping all around 
En Facebook ya andas encuestando, ¿verdad? 
 on my moms tweet! Idk how this day get  …
Grown men cheating isn’t embarrassing but this is?
So @CabinBrewing is great and the fact it's walking distance from a train stop is great...but can we talk about the disappearing/non existent sidewalks @cityofcalgary? 
i like the idea of midoriya listening to rap because just picture, izuku just sitting there: his headphones: booty thicker than a landfill head game stupid so i give that bitch an advil
Pathetic performance. I saw  from a mile away. I warned them this would happen. Less Tikky Toks for @rudeboy_junda and more working on his conditioning. Two pump chump. Get some Roman Swipes for his legs so they can last longer. #BarstoolPondHockey
Your nicknames are adorable. My cousin uses the same one to talk about classmates he doesn't like. He's six years old. Belle maturité!! #TrumpFearsBernie 
Barber still disrespecting his line 
I think it’s time for a disney trip
Y’all in her dms, I’m telling her which pics to post LMAOO we ain da same
We've reached that point of winter where my Russian shtetl body thinks it wants to eat everything in sight in order to add fat layers for the subzero temps. Thanks, 
Trump modi 
No better Saturday than a winning Saturday Goodnight, #SaintsFC fans! 
Everything cancelled until I get my shit all the way together..... Partying CANCELLED, Dating CANCELLED, Weekends CANCELLED, Birthdays CANCELLED, Everything fucking CANCELLED
Bro I don’t even want a boyfriend, let me just get dick on demand
Political "experts" were busy calling these people  …
Girl Who Sued To Stop Biological Males From Running Girls' Track Defeats Trans-Runner For Championship | Zero  …
look-era got7 were on a different level of brave @GOT7Official 
THE GAY ENERGY IN THIS PICTURE PLEASE I‘M 
It was a rare unifying moment across sports, culture and politics. Being "old" has plenty of drawbacks in today's society but I took this in in real time as it happened and still remember every damn second. 
Holy Anthony 
Happy 
Thank you so much MB, wishing you and everyone a wonderful weekend 
A proud night representing ⁦ @No1CorkHotel⁩ as one of the Chefs who delivered tonight’s banquet ⁦ @CorkViennaWoods⁩ ⁦ @CBA_cork⁩ Presidents Dinner & Awards. #ChefsofCork #TastetheIsland ⁦ 
Eastern Illinois does it again, and knocks off 13-2 Austin Peay in OT, 83-80. Racers are now tied for first with two games to go.
The genre is BTS 
I can’t wait for Donald Trump’s pool of tears when he loses the election. #PackandMove
Andrew Yang is right. 3%-5% voter turnout in caucuses is not democracy. We need to make voting easier, more accessible, and more  …
LMAOOO a cop really pulled me over just to say I’m pretty and to ask for my number SIR I ALMOST HAD A HEART ATTACK WTF
let’s go baby we’re going to the 
IVE FIGURED IT 
Giveaway 50 Robux Cuz y not Rules: Follow @Gerbun_ RT & Like Comment "Done" If I like  it means your join. Ends when I want to! 
Congratulations and so proud of your hard  …
Tell 'em to get back on the  …
So I’m a student nurse, work for the nhs, read medical books and mainly watch medical programs. I think I need to get a life and do other things.
“yeah bro”<££}%£#*} I’m dizzy I’m 
she’s a walking bag of money, she’s a masterpiece 
Grealish: "People on the outside might say I am doing well, but I know for a fact I can do better and score more goals and get more assists."
are we toxic or do we love this nigga? @JheneAiko  …
I want to get dressed in rubber, lick boots and get hit and then cuddled. this is my wishlist of things rn
Who cares about Putin or any potential external threat, when we have a two-tiered Justice system shielding America’s biggest threat currently operating within our government? Democrats are a clear & present danger to National Security and must be dealt with swiftly &  …
Remember that time when Rivera benched Cam the first series because of a tie and DA went in there and threw a pick the first play?
the Prophet (ﷺ) said: "Indeed the first batch to enter Paradise will appear like the moon of a night that is full. The second will appear like the color of the most beautiful (brightest) star in the sky... : 
lmao bts have enough collabs with korean artists to fill an album. stop acting cute and just say you want a subsidy for  failures
Very cool
1959 British art photos of the Japanese sci-fi movie, The Mysterians 
“4 in a room and you want to moan? Odo fa Wo tw3 to silent  …
if you have a PS3 and two bucks, play this, and I'm sorry about the first  …
he went from to real 

#WilderFury2. Let’s talk tactics. Are you staying up? Going to bed then getting up? Big decisions.
why tf am i not 21 yet
a classical 
God bless these 20 somethings #happybirthdaytome 
We need Jennifer Aniston
Why is everyone Freaking out over Clint Eastwood supporting Bloomberg.?? Good for him...He’s an American and entitled to endorse who he likes...As long as he’s respectful of my choice His support won’t help Bloomberg in any way, so who really cares.?? #NevadaCaucuses
CoronaVirus - COVID-19: Scientist wanted who can answer some questions for me. DM me here.
Superhero pose thanks to @theadirodrigues  
Fire the cannon. Hit a dinger, keep the shell. Toss a CG, keep the shell. We want the shells, y’all. 
it’s the 9 year anniversary of the glee club getting drunk to like a g6 so please celebrate 
Who your favorite point guard not on your 
I'm old enough to remember when plalstic bags were the savior to redeem us from the evil of using paper bags and killing trees... Nice to see we've  full circle
Well he just landed at Omaha Beach  …
Congratulations to Alek Martin today as he surpassed his 100th Career Win! 
rest in peace to my baby boy, see you on the other 
166 downloads away from 4,000 - this is insane!!! Thanks so much spooky gang  …
At the risk of posting cringe I legit teared up when members said that even though they had decent insurance, they knew they could lose it any time and that many others had none.
Dallas has a 2nd and 7 from the Seattle 10 when we return. #RaisingHell 
My Dad: you need to start liking manly things Me: *starts liking men* Dad: :O
Look, It's not up to me to vet #BernieSanders. This info  out by our Press. Because I am a Vermonter, and have lived here for 50 yrs, I know a lot about Sanders. This info has  out in Vt. newspapers. It takes guts for me to even write this stuff.
I remember reading it in school and all these English majors were talking out of their ass and I deadass shouts, “ok but are we gonna ignore the lesbians?!” My whole class went silent and my teacher jumped out of her seat and said, “omg yes! Finally someone said it!”
How I’m going to glide over any bs  my way  …
So fresh and so clean... #BusinessSuits | 
He's lying. His administration is suing to eliminate key parts of the Affordable Care Act, specifically those that protect people with preexisting conditions. I repeat: He is  …
Taokaka from Blazblue but, y'know.................
Boys Basketball Score: Final, GP 54 Northview 50! We are headed to the Ship!!!
I hope she sees 
waiting in line for the man of my dreams  – at Revention Music Center
Someone forgot to tell these guys they were #potstocks. Valens and Planet13 almost flat in the past 6 months, outperforming 99.5% of their peers (my guess). $PLTH 
Later today: 'Bernie Sanders wins with 22% ahead of Joe Biden. Let's take a look at what that means in terms of delegates: Bernie Sanders wins 9 delegates, Joe Biden wins 10, Elizabeth Warren..'
VERIFIED #MAGAROLLERCOASTER 1158 TRUMP PRO-BLACK PRESIDENT @ModSpecialist_ @JFDTRUMP45 @GiftedByGod3 @givemeacluw @gloscovfefe @GolfingJohn_ @golfmom06 @GOPdiva @gottripstone @gr8tjude_08 @gradivoyevitch1 @GrampzLTG @Grateful1976 @GrihaViper @grumpybaldguy @gu1912 @guyromorrow 
#thingsnoonecaresabout LOL - Dmac
my one talent is being able to look at a girl and tell if she played ringette in highschool based off of appearance alone
I mean, I get that Chris Matthews pulls in a certain television demo, but my god, surely MSNBC can elevate someone who appeals to white moderate men without inspiring the rest of us to gargle broken glass.
The story about Russia and Bernie Sanders is  than it appears on the surface. Read Adam  …
In America you should keep the money you earned
the bon appétit test kitchen tries to make tubby custard
Thank you @NRL for a great game last night. The deep cultural respect shared was wonderful to see. The heart of both sides and pride in their culture was beautiful. Thank you for all you do to enable and support this @mark_deweerd
I had a lovely conversation with @TanekaStotts! Thank you @DandQ and @skylightbooks for making it happen! 
damn, even the astros' security is stealing  …
Walking through High Park with a teacher wearing a #NoCutsToEducation button. Folks walk past us and say, “Glad you’re taking the time to de-stress. We stand with you. Enjoy your walk.” And so we 
That really cool moment when God reminds you of his glory and that after the rain a beautiful rainbow can appear. #Rainbow #Disneyland 
Wow! 2 coffee makers and a coffee grinder have made their way to Harptopia! Now we have one that we can give to grandma because she loves coffee and she always has family there helping to take care of her. Thank you Holger W and Rick K! You’re the absolute berries! 
which of the mythic spots do you think is the best one? i think either shark or grotto
THE GENRE IS BTS  …
Justin Fritz has won state championship #3 in wrestling!!!! Congratulations, Justin! #GrahamPride
my sister’s baby shower was perfect 
If only the criminal POTUS who was subverting our democracy had an easily identifiable character defect which he displayed in public for the MSM to point out and question his fitness for office? Maybe something like, obvious impairment on a daily f’n basis. @realDonaldTrump
Dealing with a mother in law is hard but dealing with 2 mothers in law is breathtaking #DoğduğunEvKaderindir || #ZeyMeh #İbrahimÇelikkol || #Mehdi #DemetÖzdemir || 
Downtown Commons Sacramento, 
Does our league team have a patreon Where does mango send his support
Okay #SanditonSisterhood, I think we got so stop taking our anger out on poor Theo. When we need to direct it at Tom Parker for being greedy. At @ITV for canceling. @masterpiecepbs @pbs @RedPlanetTV @wgbh for silence. Also At Mrs. C for being a pebble in the #Sidlotte shoe
No matter how many things are on your to-do list, it’s still important to sit and watch the sunset with your 
You’d think the Bernie campaign would have the best social media interns but good lord this account is awful
Felt cute might jump off a bridge 
@SenSanders #NevadaCaucus @JRubinBlogger As a Vet Sanders saved my life with his VA bills that gave me expanded medical coverage. I had a medical a condition that would killed me but thanks to him fighting for vets in Senate I got medical from the VA which saved me.
When you got 1 nigga doing everything right you don’t need 10
Teuk ASMR Compilation: Mounth sounds - whispers - barking dog #Leeteuk #SUPERJUNIOR 
Does not matter #CarnivalBarkingClown If Bloomberg wins If Biden wins If Warren wins If Buttigieg wins If Sanders wins If Klobuchar wins They will all have my full dedicated support. There is no greater threat than Donald Trump to our Union
Toy Fair 2020 – Hasbro Marvel Legends Official Hi-Res Photos and Info  … #toyark
Update: Day Three trapped at home due to the flooding. Found some leftover @BubbaBurger. Put them on the Foreman Grill and made @Skyline_Chili Burgers. Still over 100 cans of Cinnamon @CocaCola remaining. Spirits are 
In addition to healthcare, Tedra Cobb #NY21 has focused on the future of Social Security and Medicare. She opposes previous Republican proposals to begin privatizing Social Security or Medicare. #Election2020-Nov-3 Defeat Elise Stefanik! Support TEDRA COBB FOLLOW>> 
My two favorite things are pizza & anal....ogies
I honestly don’t know how I’ll feel if I have to choose between Trump and Sanders in a general election. Seriously, I can’t think of two less desirable choices for  …
Thank you for at least being sensible in that decision, socialism destroyed the country my family came from and I never want to see it happen here.
Bitch don’t speak on me then turn around and try to contact me goofy ass
I'm feeling vulnerable tonight. I spend so much time looking after other people, I need someone to look after me.
but my eyesight must be shit how can you be sure that’s the chelsea badge  …
The best proof that Bernie can win is that Bernie keeps winning. Pass it on. #BernieBeatsTrump #NevadaCaucus  …
Shout to Club Flyway for bringing me out last night it felt like I was conducting a choir lol it was a vibe fasho and we got a lil ratchet Appreciate the support Frfr 
Tangled A KyuWook and YeHae AU + other side pairings In which everyone seems to be in love with everyone else and Ryeowook just wants to get by... that is, until Kyuhyun suddenly spills some tea about himself that that may or may not change the way Ryeowook sees 
friendly reminder that kpop is such a mismosh of so many different genres and types of music. ita an industry that has grown so much and with it has sooo many talented artists!!!! so please do not belittle someone’s talent and music just because you prefer someone elses!!!
Always blaming other artists’ impact for Camila’s hits. Some people even want the Havana w/o YoungThug version more. Lol. And she’s got impact herself, the way y’all hating on her and keeps on mentioning her is the proof. FYI, Camila barely got support from other artists.  …
can we all agree fluffy donghun 
Maybe the rapture forgot about  …
be with somebody dats scared to lose you
My boy im proud of you @SplashEdition go to 
oomfs what's more hurt than break up ?
When love is real, it finds a 
Watch the video: Head coach Katie Burrows and the Voice of the Mocs Larry Ward discuss the Mocs fourth straight win and sixth of last seven. VIDEO:  
[ #IU #아이유] 
messy 
Two of my favorite MMK episode 
tonight's 
Florence Pugh for Harper’s Bazaar 
THIS IS INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT. IF YOU WANNA KEEP FEELING AS GOOD AS YOU DO TODAY, WE NEED TO KEEP THE  …
Had a great time at the #TrueChurchConference these past couple of days. Alabama is in good hands with @Jeff_Noblit and 
. @BernieSanders could win SC. If he wins SC, it’s over.
Buttigieg’s team is putting out its own understanding of results, much like it did in  …
happy #NationalMargaritaDay i’m headed to @Chilis with my @Nekrogoblikon crew and they’re 
3-0 
Can’t let this dead 
SCOTTIES MATCH GAME #STOH2020 #CurlingDayinCanada Check out curling's version of the famous Match Game on @TSN_Sports' Instagram Story. Here's Manitoba's @brianemeilleur and @ShannonBirchard trying to guess each other's pet 
The separation of .Net and rest of software development world is just hilarious. And it’s seen on all levels - from .Net devs to MSFT decision makers. Latest example - hyping Blazor - technology exciting only for corporate C#devs.
wait i'm confused?? she shouldn't have argued after they told her their preferred pronouns, but why would they have "she/they" in their bio if they didn't want to be addressed in one of those ways
Well apparently me saying I had a bad day got someone’s panties in a bunch 
I wrote a piece for the NYT a few years ago about how early voting can bite candidates *and* voters on the ass. Here we go again: So many voted before they could see Warren in the debate. Not sure it mattered, but we'll never  …
someone is indeed a meow meow #BDMeritWithMEW #MewGulf 
This is rj telling everyone to let frank start with him. ( elfrid does not find rj n looks him off A LOT)
Chill bruh it’s not that deep
Being Positive all the time take a lot of effort....
If you’re thinking these are bananas, then turn your phone upside 
You wanna go fuck behind that taco truck?
no way ahahahahhahahah 
yk the vibes @Cherish_QueenMo 
Perfect music to  some delicious soups tonight @marypmichels ! The students are giving a FANTASTIC performance! 
After 12 25+ streaks today with the Grau 5.56 I finally Nuked with the gun. I had to dance to 
Foster finishes it in round 6! No judges needed this time! An emphatic victory! Incredible heart shown by Lucien Reid 
Democrats absolutely will try to steal it from him... they're already blaming Russia!
DIAMONDS COVER CONTEST! Grab ur guitar and do a 1 minute cover of our new single. If you don’t play an instrument you can: do it acapella, lip sync or even dance. We’re gonna give away signed vinyls & tour tickets. Just post it and tag #Echosmith and #DiamondsCover to enter 
the genre is bts sounds so much sexier than btspop and thats on 
Aha what if I just spent the last 40 minutes drawing Laurance? jk,,., 
By the way, if you're a supervisor, some agencies will pay for half the cost of the insurance. And if you're not a supervisor, now might be a good time to start paying union dues if you're in a collective bargaining unit. And if you're neither, the good news is it's pretty cheap.
Am I the only one that don’t give a fuck about this Alexis sky beef with jayda and ari 
Just a heads up... I'm ringside at #WilderFury2. I'll be running the @NYTSports fight night live blog. I'll link you when it's up and running.
You don't mean enough to trigger me. I just don't watch the show if you're on. Easy peasy I don't need to see this every 
I'm so proud of you young folks. You are making YOUR future.
You’re wrong if you think 
the album came out TWO days ago, what do you mean “still”??? man these tweets... 
"The Great State of  …
The Nevada Democratic Party says it expects to have more results from the #NevadaCaucus soon. Follow live 
I love my 
Happy birthday @chaseicon please release LG6
They play gay sisters and it 
let’s talk about 
 to waist your time once more 
today i bring you all 
Drew Weikert - pride of Montgomery Bell Academy - with steal and layup to beat the halftime horn for the first points of his Vandy career. Halftime: Vandy 40, Georgia 32
I wanna reach through the screen and squeeze it so badly  …
my life is a joke, therefore perfect for Ryan to  …
Ridiculous note in the game notes today about Igor Shesterkin: Since 2016-17, has earned a win in 104 of his 129 appearances in the NHL, AHL, and KHL
if someone has multiple pronouns in their bio, you ask which you can use or which they prefer more. If you want to use certain terms of endearment, once again ask before doing it. Y’all always talk  yet never actually fcking do it when it’s necessary.
4-time 
Me nominaron @El_Gamer_Friki y @elgranqenk 10 juegos para conocerme: 1 Dark Souls 2 Bloodborne 3 The Witcher 3 4 World of Warcraft 5 Warcraft 3 6 Street Fighter 2 7 Ghost's n Goblins 8 The Legend of Zelda (SNES) 9 Baldur's Gate 10 Double Dragon Nomino a @elcanalrandom
I want to try this 
Love this team. Can’t wait for next  …
Mexico City, are you ready for one more night? Let’s go out with a bang #dnaworldtour 
This just happened from one Maria to another! @Maria_Hinojosa astutely asking about older Latinx voters being conservative but voting Sanders in NV. Older voters are more conservative but believe in role of gov’t. They fled broken gov’ts. They know. @MSNBC 
Breaking 
“i need someone to harry: be my cat,  and be my  …
The homie made  of some of my funniest, most ridiculous moments on stream over the last year. Check it out to get a good idea of how my stream goes. Fair warning, this vid is probablyyyyy 18+  
Firstly there are no standards yet for credits and secondly this puts the onus on other countries to do more and sends cash outside he country rather than using it at home to build the clean economy we need. It’s lazy and unethical in a world on fire. 6/
„Don't be afraid to lose people. Be afraid of losing yourself by trying to please everyone around you.“
Congratulations and well done to @mmag1975 and the entire team @CorkViennaWoods for outstanding food and service @CBA_cork Presidents Dinner tonight #cbaawards #chefsofcork 
First program no-hitter Walk-off W Doubleheader sweep in home  …
mania is a fucking awesome album, some of you just hate it cause its not like their old stuff
BTS Explain Why ’Map of the Soul: 7’ is a Love Song to Their Career | Billboard  via @YouTube
Having someone you can tell everything about you and not be judged is priceless
Playin’ hard to 
Wow! A powerful word from Walter Brueggemann, quoted by Kindra Green-Carson at Cultivate 
made trials rebranding soon
Who wants to join an active twitter group
BvS but its just,,, bruce: superman, finally we meet— clark: wow you’re tall bruce:..thanks? clark: how tall are you bruce: i don’t know, like 6’2”, 6’4” with the batsuit? clark: [twirling a forehead curl] omg “with the batsuit”! you are SO funny
When will Democrats unite behind the front-runner @BernieSanders? Join us, and let’s kick trumps ass together in November. #NVCaucus
If yuh know yuh back nuh strong why ya look pan thick/big girls??
Ahem, ban caucuses.
UFC Auckland video: Zubaira Tukhugov blasts Kevin Aguilar with barrage of punches to earn first round TKO ( @DamonMartin)  
Build  so large that rappers include it in their songs is my only OKR
shopping is the best kind of therapy
Where are my @YleniaBaglietto fans? I've got the Spanish/English interview prepped to run for next week on @whatabout_dat and spoiler alert: you are all going to LOVE it. Just when you thought you couldn't love Ylenia more...you will. Oh you will. #acacias #MaiteZaldua #Maitino
“Can I ask you a question” type of texts make my stomach turn
The passport colour does not affect in any way where and how freely you can travel @JamesMelville. It’s a little  than you  …
Look guys, it's not hard: if you're elite and super privileged, that's fine. Just do something to actually help your own nation's citizens. It's the price of being an elite. You're smart and well-educated. Figure out ways to get normies stable jobs, healthcare & safety.
THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. THE GENRE IS BTS. #KCA #VoteBTSGlobal @BTS_twt
Preparing to give those with COVID who are not sick enough to be in the hospital, instructions for home isolation and self care so they do not pose risks to hospitalized pts 12/x
I did not say I was concerned or not concerned (you made that up)...a poll (and the one I posted) is about OTHERS’ opinions. Second, why are you so rev’d up about a poll that is so mild and merely solicits others views? I feel bad for  …
The bigger Kito grew over the years the harder it got to play dopey games like this, but it doesn't stop Goro from improvising 
Jon Rahm's par 3 scoring average today was 1.75. Can't say I've seen that many times before.
When @nafengg tells you to hit that pack, you hit that 
Part 1 An illustration for ‘no one else could wear your crown’ by @knightspur_ao3 #博君一肖 #ป๋อจ้าน #bjyx #bojunyixiao #wangxiao #王肖 
A big-ass parade rolling in New Orleans right now...you won't catch anything!  …
what drugs are y’all on right 
This is the frog from league of legends, say "Thank you Mr. Frog" for goodluck in your clash games 
[DAILY UP] 200223 '[#]' STREAMS +210,836 | 9,115,157 TOTAL  …) ( @loonatheworld #LOONA #이달의소녀)
Too bad Mini Mike will buy the primary   …
meeeeeee with a bob????? I love ittt 
Man this shit is ridiculous like omg 
If you’re a #d3hoops student-athlete, you should read this . Powerful words from a senior who always left it all on the floor for @bergwbb.  …
WE MAKIN IT HAPPEN THO I 
