u were cute enough to catch my attention, but ur personality is trash HA
Just a reminder that when Shakespeare was quarantined for the plague, Sir Francis Bacon wrote all his plays.
Tubeless toothpaste from target 
Ueno  to helping the most vulnerable people in  We are starting with matching donations to @ACCFB up to $10,000 to help get food to those in need. Send us a Twitter DM or email hi@ueno.co with a receipt and we will match it. 
This and chill 
NO ONE in the industry can top beyoncé's worst performances
Our first production for @ScalaRadio is today at 10am - join our very own @ChrisRogersNews and his new co-presenter @emmakennytv from Brunch until Lunch for the greatest music and Eastenders actress Tamzin Outhwaite @mouthwaite will be joining 
Anyone who tells you money doesn’t buy happiness is full of shit.
Big love to the grocery store workers. 
Sorry #COVID19Aus this is really dumb @DanielAndrewsMP @amapresident @normanswan Flog the troops before the battle Run the risk they get and transmit COVID-19 and then are isolated This is politics and money not healthcare Focus on the main game: plan, prepare,  …
Feeding America has established a COVID-19 Response Fund to families get through the burdens of this Global Pandemic. Please join me in raising money this week for Feeding America. To reach my goal of $2,000, I'll be matching the first $500 in  …
[WEVERSE] La 
My hair ... omg .... bruh this process was uhhhh kinda 
How I’ll be sitting in my first news pitch meeting next week 
i only know how to do curly hair but i’d d*e to be her 
. @DaniLeigh and @DaBabyDaBaby are a dripped up Bonnie & Clyde in the #LeviHigh video:  …
I'm really glad he's doing this, for the sheer lucidity  …
i wont have access to my insta til monday
Not sure if we are cancelled yet (hopefully not) but I am MD for an amateur,  choir and this is the first time we have worked with  harmonies, super proud of these guys! You Will Be Found- Dear Evan Hansen #sunshinesongs 
We went grocery shopping earlier today, and they were almost entirely out of meat, so I bought a whole duck. Duck recipes 
Lmao my cousin out in Rosario living her best 
Rob's dthrow looking like Smash 
What happens in Aus, if they close all schools..... who stays home to look after the kids? Economic issues are only JUST beginning, this is going to be disastrous. Let’s hope all who are over leveraged in debt have their exit strategy’s in place! #COVIDー19 #COVID19Aus
Sighting of a bin chicken in the middle of raiding a bin. My visit to Sydney is  Ping 
Tomorrow, the entire Metro Manila will feel the full impact of the quarantine. If you haven’t done so yet, better work with your respective teams NOW (not tomorrow) to plan things out. Expect that people can’t get to work. Expect parking lots to be closed.
The best part of social distancing is playing with making prototypes. Mmmmmmmmmm, scorpion peppers FTW! 
I’m so I’m so reborn Im moving forward keep moving forward keep moving forward
I ask this question with all sincerity: As schools, businesses, hospitals and churches close their doors to the public due to COVID-19, how are not we to be concerned about its mass transmission in Kroger, Wal-Mart, Target, and other stores with lines like 
Day 3 of SASCO’s National Executive Committee meeting held in Johannesburg, Gauteng. 
 doodles! My sketches are in pink, the rest is from the talented @Strawberts !! Thanks for doodling with me 
00h00 joyeux anniversaire joyeux anniversaire joyeux anniversaire joyeux anniversaire @KessoBvrrie joyeux anniversaire.
 i am back
Excellent. Humanity.  …
hating on something that is popular isn’t a personality trait nor does it make you look cool
Ughhh, this is just peak American arrogance. "Look at us we can't get stuff during a global pandemic, we have it just as bad as people under authoritarian regimes".
During this unknown time, everyone please take care of yourselves, your families and each other. We will  and hopefully play a little baseball soon! Let’s put the important things first. #rhsbaseball #GameReady
Instituto River sin clases #suspensiondeclases 
"She saw your spirit. Your heart. Rey. Some things are stronger than blood. Facing fear is the destiny of the 
people that idolize these online couples are missing chromosomes
Operators are active. Pray for their safety
cause i can be 
these fruitflies better quit it ill get em 
vulnerability is power
I cant stop smiling aksksksk he is so precious 
(RT) Those maths professors and PhD’s from Queen Mary’s who wrote a letter questioning the gov’s coronavirus 
Spotted your whip 
To4 w @Trajic_ @CarbonRifle @OG_Gritz LF main sub or flex Under @AS1Network In multiple leagues Better than your best 4 Running rn so reply or dm
This article about what’s happening in the White House is absolutely unbelievable. And terrifying. They truly have no idea what they are doing and no intention of getting the response to COVID-19  …
Good evening fellow Patriots @Pat22344 @ASweetGirlInYou @IzzySmith_101 @Mary_Burgess @cmoore91255 @JackBlaine3 @LoRosS26 @wigone1 @MrGrumm @Kath4500 @ColSDM @low_riding @Foll_ji @MisterToxicMan @Kfred4LSU @BruceChambers @RicMald @churstauthor @CorkySwift2 
this  about to  …
Through the Arlington ISD Student Meal Plan, any child age 18 or younger can receive free meals at designated locations.  details and a list of meal distribution sites visit our webpage at  ….
i was waiting for someone to spill the FACTS and finally!!! FI NA 
We will beat  …
Dad fit 

. @realDonaldTrump does NOT have #Coronavirus. Whatever your politics this is good news!
Holy f*ck, they're repeating 2016 by the book.
If you think people are panicking now, after the Rapture, there will be a time of great tribulation where Almighty God pours out his wrath upon the world. What's happening now will seem like a picnic.
Trying to remain positive. This is me being 
ASK THEM TO PLAY THE MAN IT TAKES 10 SECONDS. I better not see  about the radio updates but not doing the things it takes for the radio updates to be  …
Ravenloft didn't always have bathrooms. Before adopting mortal plumbing methods in the eighteenth century, vampires simply relieved themselves wherever they stood, and vanished the  …
Piloting @AirCanada Embraer 175 into NY La Guardia ==================== WATCH FULL VIDEO  ==================== #avgeek #justplanes #pilots #pilotlife #pilotsview #pilotseye #embraer #aircanada #e175 #lga #lgaairport 
his dramatic ass was NAWT crying 
Demian Maia has fought: Anderson Silva Usman Woodley Weidman Masvidal Condit Matt Brown Shields Rory And so many more. Only Gilbert Burns and Nate Marquardt have finished him. That’s it. What @GilbertDurinho just did is special. #UFCBrasilia
For some reason I'm subjecting myself to Bernie's FB livestream. He doesn't understand a credit score goes DOWN when you don't pay bills, not up. Faiz had to correct. Also keeps saying "ICU units". ICU stands for Intensive Care Unit. So dementia? Or just stupidity?
Just found myself accidentally in a toilet paper frenzy as a new pallet load came into the store. Because I happened to be there, I picked up a 24 pack and gave it to the oldest person I could find at the back of the queue. C'mon guys, we really can do 
What a 
There’s a lie in here  …
I really do wish people would get the gravity of #Covid_19ireland 
“I was working with Katy two weeks ago. She’s in a really cool headspace. I’ve only cut one song with her but I’m in love with it. I hope  out...Katy is a world class vocalist and I don’t think she gets enough credit for that.” — Ryan Tedder on Katy Perry’s new music 
#COVIDー19 and everything else in 2020 so far got me 
Have you been to the website yet? Check it out, let me know if there are any typos. ;) 
This country has never needed a leader like Jeremy Corbyn more! #boristhebutcher #CoronavirusPandemic 
Day One of Isolation: I've begun building modern homes. Clearly, I've lost my mind 
Less than a current 10 min wait over at ICED 
‘I ain’t had a good nights sleep in God knows when’ and I felt that  …
Oh, how the tables have turned. Watch: Channel 9 
I find it bizarre that people have liked your post and find it sinister you would state this is what it would look like under Corbyn when this is happening under Boris Johnson, this is on Boris Johnson Tory government , maybes Darren has been snorting that Tory hokey cokey
My friend came up with a brilliant idea for the low toilet paper problem. You can use a CVS receipt!
whoever sees this tweet has to quote it with their favorite mirror selfies (any excuse for me to post my favorite typa selfie, lmao)  
....I am reporting The Math. I am asking questions. I am memorializing the estimates made by the experts whose estimates caused our economy to be shut down, and I am insisting we understand the price  with that and empathize with the working class who...
#Coronavirusireland it is with great regret we will close to the general public immediately. On March 29th we hope to open again. My outstanding  first and their safety at this time is paramount. Stay safe everyone.
got a new bath mat and 
slightly embarrassed by how poorly some people are handling being cooped up for social distancing because.............wow this is totally my regular way of life i’m a depressed loser huh
Bernie really needs to hit Biden's obvious lack of cognitive fitness for the job. He could do it implicitly, saying something simple like: "We need a nominee who is up to the task of confronting this historic moment of crisis." #FiresideChat #NotMeUs
Time to bring the story back about Hunter Biden & Ukraine! With all this hysteria about the coronavirus the MSM had pushed it under the rug. We will not let the dems get away with criminal activity.
TRUMP: "I am invincible, it's true."
i only post hella selfies on my sexwork account but i guess my vanilla twitter can have one.. just a little 
Pretty awkward when I get taken deep with people using my dad in MLB The Show......
The bad news? We’re not going to Iceland this week. The good news? I got everything rebooked for the week of Christian’s birthday for 0 extra dollars.
The U.S. Capitol and House and Senate office buildings have closed their doors to the public until April as the federal  the spread of coronavirus  
You had me at, " wanna get high?" 
No he doesn’t ONLY care about the stock market. Stop being so dramatic. He can care about both the health & financial well-being of Americans at the same time. The only sociopaths are the Twitter bots cheering on this virus to get at Trump
That’s what his ass get for playing with the coronavirus 
I have never once downplayed the potential threat of corona, nor have I suggested anything other than personal caution. My hands are literally chapped. The only person who could infect my ailing wife is me, and I am going to extremes to avoid such a thing. But yes....
So Darius posted & Misha’s doing well & having bomb sushi Gen posted & Jared’s doing well & trying not to vomit up kale chips Can Danneel post so we see how Jensen’s doing?
My wife & I are enjoying a rainy day with the kitchen doors open, fire blazing, pets playing, Motown music blaring, drinking Sake & wine, thanking God we & those we love are healthy, thinking of those who are not, & now cooking dinner. This is how you hibernate for #coronavirus
If @NFFC won't have it...then a Wolf-off would have to suffice Wolverhampton... @Wolves  
rate me as a trickshotter 1-10 (just curious to see what people will say)
#Ingress six years ago... name this 
Mark Cuban to reimburse employees who shop locally amid coronavirus outbreak  
i called my grandmother to check in on her and she updated me on her quarantine and told me an anti-capitalist bible story about a man hoarding wheat i love her
Hmm if I was weed I’d definitely be an indica dominant hybrid
I pay attention to how dykes move around me without acknowledging certain things and it’s so telling. Like if I have to ask you to grab my bag or walk me to my car...it’s a dub.
This is a fantastic visual explanation of why ‘social distancing’ works to slow the spread of disease. tl;dr? Stay at home as much as you can. It will literally save  …
Someone is asking Bernie how we convince others that the #coronapocolypse crisis “is just a taste of what will happen in my lifetime if we don’t enact #MedicareForAll, humane foreign policy and a #GreenNewDeal”! Bernie’s going after the boomer vote! #FiresideChat
There is a 10,000% chance that if a girls name on an online profile is “xyz’s mommy” She’s a “single mother on a journey to rediscover herself and only has time for nice guys now”.
Yes, it's  …
Wait...what episode is this? Lol 
Closing night of Doubt it’s been quite a run 
today i offer you Ritsuka drinking coffee. Tomorrow ? who 
Excited to help showcase one of the most underrated linemen in the league. Congratulations on the new  …
I really love because we get to have a God that could give you a smile on a 
entertain the best fans in the world! Best wishes and Love heading into the weekend!
Always remain grateful for your own personal growth Afropunk 2017 vs Afropunk 
to value life itself. Health, family, friends, and our ability to do the things that we love to do everyday. That has to be one of the things we take with us as we get passed this tough time. All positive vibes I miss my family, my work family, my brothers, and the ability to
KLAVAN: Let This Crisis Go To  …
There was definitely a shift in what we saw as beautiful. I think kim k made plastic surgery popular. Remember MJ had plastic surgery that most of us hated. But hers we loved and emulated

One thing about life is that nothing humbles you more than life itself when it sets in. Time passes, but we have to take time to sometimes step out out of the fast lane and appreciate what we have... not just money or material things, but the things in Life that give us a 
10/24 coaches have signed up already, can’t have a team without the players! Bring ya talent on over and get signed up  for the big prize! @OfficiaIFIash @Coachj_2k @2KHUNTSEARCH @D2MEY415 @CodyL3wis
Hitting me real hard right now that my baby is due a month from today
Blinks think because we have less tweets that we can’t win and that’s the issue. Keep voting lads and lassies IHEART 4 QUEENS #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the #iHeartAwards
the way todobaku have grown over the seasons .... you love to see 
This is a gift in uncertain times. Thank you @SCPhil for such a beautiful  …
Guys, it's very safe to go to a restaurant right now. There is no one here . You can have the whole restaurant to yourself.
I fight for people like you, sir. You truly make the world go  …
Can we thank Chris sister. #UltimateLoveNG
im taking a trip to BIG NAP CITY!!! Goodnight!!!
We are only country deliberately inflicting massive economic self harm #Brexit and at the same time the only country pursuing #HerdImmunity when the majority of scientists say it will risk lives. Both are apparently ‘worth it’ but why?
Squads ready to fight back against any and all Malarkey! #KHive #TeamPete 
Wedding 
We knew he was a star, but  made him a 
I’m a doctor In the (hopefully unlikely) event I catch corona and pass - I want part of my epitaph to read: DONALD TRUMP KILLED ME WITH HIS INCOMPETENCE
Be safe this weekend everyone! WoW players... Carry 
“We are all Florida Man today” — me from inside my toilet paper fortress, wearing my tacticool N95, stroking preciousss hand sanitizer holster.* * ok not  …
Sky Sports really gonna be like this tomorrow  
Fuck people, seriously - can you please stop spreading info on #COVIDー19 without verifying it. You will kill someone ffs.
Tyler has always been good at the whole social isolation thing, especially near the end zone! All jokes aside, let’s keep doing our part to avoid large crowds and gatherings. We are all in this together  #covid19 #WarriorFam 
Guys!!! Incredible. Look here @lippaofficial  …
Seriously Why are Biden and Bernie having a debate ???? It can be postponed What could be the benefit??? People are panicked worried concerned scared... Debating Free College when colleges are scrambling right now?? It's a lose / lose They are going to create negativity
fck we lookin 
Pie charts are confusing at the best of times 
Yes, as I said before, yes, asymptomatic people can have and spread the virus. However, others, at greater risk, were denied tests so basketball players could have tests. That’s unconscionable. You see the point here, right? Some players were fine. Sick people didn’t get tests.
Keep it private till you know it’s permanent.
A hero in the making. Hopefully more people wake up and hear their conscience. Bravo Fiorella and Convo for your absolutely vital work with election fraud.
This is disingenuous; an Orlando article 
Look everyone, good  …
I think I already asked this before but is there anyone willing to collab on some crypto parodies? I could really use someone that does video editing well :)
Monbebes are always doing amazing things while I’m asleep #FromZeroForWonho
Foods  …
*washes hands for seven 
It’s actually about 500,000 going bankrupt from medical debt. (The US population is only about 330 million.) but 500k is too much, just the same. The number of bankruptcies from medical debt should be  …
Coming up next on Watch Along With Tom… the time James Downey built a brick wall in two seconds. 
Here's the @politico scoop from a few days ago that looked at the possibility of Atomwaffen receiving the FTO  …
Where do I look like I’m from 
But the dances moves at the beginning of the rap tho them boys was going off
I can’t stop thinking about the churches that will be open tomorrow. And all the elderly folks who refuse to miss service.
If you're in need of some relaxing background music, the @SeattleSymphony is streaming Mahler's Symphony No. 1 tonight at 8pm. "Seattle's soundtrack since 1903" #Coronavirus #COVID19  …
Since were bringing up old NBA highlights. @chrisbosh dropping 34 against Chicago in the ECF is easily one of my favourite moments from 
. @essentiawater is dedicated to getting water to stores during this time! Check their website for a store that carries Essentia!  
Smooya is a better AWPer than FalleN #FlashpointDrunkTweets
i actually dont care about anyone
Don Winslow is my spirit  …
rpdr queens: omg girls, go buy my merch, stream my music, buy a cameo, tip me on venmo! fans: buy tons of shit from them me: omg i’m literally broke living paycheck to paycheck, if you could send a dollar or two, it would make such a difference! my venmo: support local drag!
Cried twice at the weddings episode of LOVE IS BLIND. Quarantine madness or is Amber and Barnett's story really that emotional????
This and a 
This is my favorite Ross 
Don't know why, but, I'm feeling quite emotional right now, 
I keep seeing people spread INNAPROPRIATELY wrong information on the Covid virus. It is NOT airborne. ( In the air) It IS droplet. ( Wet fluids from the infected could infected you) You CANNOT get the virus just by being around someone with it. WASH YOUR 
White House doctor says the President, 73, does not have coronavirus and remains 'symptom free'  
Letter from doc says “I received” results, which means he didn’t conduct test, which means, and let me choose my words carefully, IT’S A LIE. #coronavirus
That's what you get 
"Stephen King walks into your supermarket during a weird pandemic and talks about toilet paper" is the kind of surreal experience I hope to someday  …
last time I was stuck in bed for an age I got really into feminist romance novels and if you’re not already on this wagon but want something that by the right authors is sweet and easy and just engaging enough to   with nonfiction, etc, do it
Predictive Programming via US Currency... Satan always shows his plan before it plays out — you can take that to the bank! #Biblical #Foreshadow #TheGreatAwakening #Q #QAnon 
Carmine's Strong Our Kitchen Is Your Kitchen #takeout #delivery #carminesnyc #ourkitchenisyourkitchen #letourkitchenbeyourkitchen  #carmineskitchen #carminesstrong  
A last-ditch move down the wing by Leverkusen is thwarted by our full back. Can the Tigers pinch it late on? #HULB04 | #hcafc |  …
I want this in  …
"Carolyn Bourdeaux, a  for a suburban U.S. House seat, called on state officials to administer the May 19 election by mail if the coronavirus outbreak grows worse.“It’s pretty simple,” she said. “Voting shouldn’t put your health at risk.”  …
I just broke my heart laughing at this...
New #after like 10 years with the same number I’m shook but happy af. No weirdos got this #now
#Hoarders #cvs in #nela said they’ll get TP next week. Grateful my family has enough but what about people who have run out and had to work all week? 
JUST FINISHING UP.... GET READY
Watched this a good few times now. Can’t stop, won’t stop.  …
This is not sound advocacy. Why push through a bill that would increase the number of people going into jails—especially during COVID-19? Is he trying to further disrupt  #NoRollBacks to  …
“Female Vocalist of the Year” award at @VoltaMusicAward 2020 goes to #QueenEyram • Live Update courtesy @BeenieWords #BeenieWords #VMA20 #VoltaMusicAwards
As good  
Follow this thread for local and global updates on the novel coronavirus, officially named as COVID-19  
horror/gore warning I guess Me: I'm not gonna spend an entire evening drawing skulls to remake this drawing Also me: spends an entire evening messing with models and placing skulls to remake this 

Some sneaky Blood Axe must ‘ave gotten in ter da 
Nobody: retail business email: hello we just wanted to let you know we don’t dip our product in our own feces and we definitely don’t blow our noses into the t shirts, and I promise we don’t lick all the —
I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really Want more interactions. Not just likes
"Every day on twitter there is a new main character, and the goal is not to be  …
Never Settle For Less, What One Won’t Do Another Will Times Ten, I’m A Firm Believer In That, You Ain’t Gotta Force Nobody Hand, Keep Your Standards Hi & Options Open
Jeremy Rossman, Honorary Senior Lecturer in Virology. Not a mathmetician. Not an ex footballer Not the weirdo Cummings. A virologist, an EXPERT ONLY ON VIRUSES.  … 
Got an email today informing me that I may have been exposed to the Coronavirus. It’s a big maybe since the people confirmed sick in the building at that time can’t be tested for COVID-19, but they tested negative for flu and strep. I hate this timeline.
is anybody out 
Fanart for @Ashiisaurus of the adorable Ashiji!! She is so much fun to draw Thank you for creating such an awesome OC and amazing art through the years! I hope you like 
This is my first day outside in a week. I’ve just been streaming so much.
End of conference. WASH YOUR HANDS!
Saddle up homos we got a virus to 
Last tweet for like an hour bc Stanley's blasting Italian music across the street & I'm gonna kill him, I swear. One thing else I noticed? Condom aisle FULL. No 2020 baby  Spices GONE tho. These ppl are going to eat each other, forget screw!
A majority of the top ten economies on the planet are on that list, but go off, I guess...
As I get older, I’ve learned to love myself more. I’ve learned to accept my flaws and to appreciate my strengths. I’ve learned to spend more time with myself and to reflect what I’ve achieved or what I must be proud of and enhance.
If you need help on apex to get to platinum or diamond hit me up now I have a Smurf and will be helping as many people as possible to help give back
Crazy how guys like Rudy, Lou, JCrawford were never all stars and draymonds been to multiple
IDK MANE BUT IM NOT LIKIN THE SOUND OF THIS
 …
Looking to trade!? #COVIDー19 
hi twitter have this art i 
Kobe doe?
Listen up. #DumbAndDumber is on 
when frail state of  on 
JUST IN: #CMTMusic 12-Pack results for this week @Lauren_Alaina – Getting Good @AdamChaffins - Her @HardyMusic feat. @Lauren_Alaina and @zdevin – One Beer VOTE FOR NEXT WEEK  …
Trust me on this Peeps. Go outside. Breath in the air. Get some exercise. Then pause and be thankful. It may not solve what besets us, but it will help you get some perspective about what is truly 
Has anyone seen a bar code placed in this position on a door before? Do hospitals have these? Any door experts out there to help us deduce where Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are? Tom looks very 
I want to be happy for Sabrina I really do but this video just made me feel angry 
Thank you Deb I appreciate you including me Will add some more friends:  @Orcusa1 @Cromag_19 @AskmoreNorman @MamaTraxia @0Ludicris5 @thames_tim @DGurL12345 @MichaelPaulhei2 @WilliamAMalone2 @Leighforusa1
"Back" massager
This pandemic has really shown our true colours as a nation. We’ve reacted to a crisis with a “every man for himself” attitude. From greed in panick shopping to total carelessness in the pubs. What does it mean to be Irish? I’ve no idea anymore
Real heavy #itsmybdaybitches 
another fun fact: Emi Evans gets her wish of helping preserve a dead language in her version of Weight in the World! This one’s personally made me really happy 
So, the doctor was right all along, until the press raised another faux outrage. Thanks for nothing, Yamiche.
if u can correct my typos u can suck mt dick too since u clearly know what i meant
And whaddya know: resvereatrol reduces HbA1c. 
Close the school; cancel the game; let people work from home or give them paid leave; wash your hands; wear a mask; be smart; be kind; be safe. Keep calm, but do not carry on as if nothing was happening.
Information from @BradleySchools and @clevecityschool on serving area children 18 years and younger free breakfast and lunch starting Tuesday, March 17. Please spread the 
Sindel owning color: a thread!!! 
She definitely wasn’t watching that dog. He was prolly starving and had to go outside. That’s why he escaped.
#COVIDー19 20 countries with the most ACTIVE cases Italy China Iran S. Korea Spain Germany France USA Switzerland UK Norway Sweden Netherlands Denmark Belgium Austria Japan Qatar Diamond Princess Greece  for the latest updates 
(5) Your actions place your  at risk, so do your neighbor a solid. Stay home. Do yoga. Have movie marathons. Play a lot of board games. Have a dance party in the living room. Get all the yardwork done. But keep your distance. Lives are depending on you.
Soooo how are you today? 
Here is a really good article that simulates and explains how things like social distancing work to prevent viral infection from  …
(4) You’re protecting all of us.  is depending on you to take this seriously. Lives literally depend on what you do this week and next to limit interaction. When you brush off warnings and go to the gym or the playground, you’re not assuming risk just for yourself.
i might be a lil toxic but  wit a built in water park so IDC
dracula, every 8 minutes, 
I'm asking all of you to join me in prayer against this #WuhanVirus and the fear. As Christians our faith rests in "The Great Physician". Our Lord and Master to do what nobody else can. Lord Heal and stop this disease and Please spare us any more suffering. In Jesus name. Amen
(2) Yes it sucks. No you’re not supposed to enjoy it. But we need to stop the virus spread NOW. I see you letting your littles play on the neighborhood playground. The virus can live on some surfaces for days. And it’s not just about your risk. It’s about infection spread.
Day 3-4, February 22-23 #100DaysOfCode #HTML #CSS #javascript I have been starting to learn javascript, random color on click and simple game to get to know the basics of 
Another sneak peek at the rust gamedev tutorial I am making! I *think* the gameplay section is done, you can now play and win the game. I'll think of a few other bits and bobs to add but I think it's pretty close to shipping. #rustlang #rustgamedev 
People really expect to talk all day long? Whhhhyyyy
There's "lots of focus" on Johnson's 'herd immunity' bullsh*t because he put it there, and it was amplified by journalists regurgitating govt lines without checking the science. Now those same journalists are reverse ferreting on Johnson's behalf. Shameful. @LBC #marr  …
Sununu,  of health and education to hold 1pm press conference Sunday in Concord. Follow @nhpr for more coverage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Tropical Wonders was a cultural reset, and I’ll forever stan @Certifeye
good evening. wash your hands.
I'm going with "wasn't tested at all". I can't believe a word he says.
Lots changing in NH coronavirus response in just past 24 hours: Governor announces state of emergency; towns across state delay town mtgs; 7th COVID case announced, with ties to Manchester DMV office; Manchester & Concord schools closed; Legislature suspends business for week.
Moments later, Concord school superintendent emails parents saying "almost certain" city schools will be closed 2-3 weeks starting Monday.
Social distancing is for everyone. Yes you, too! This only works if we all take it seriously  to as little interaction as possible over the next 2-3 weeks. That means not eating out, avoiding shopping except when essential, no gyms, no play dates for the kids.  …
Ppl who are straight forward >>>>
This won’t age well.
I'm not saying I would look cute on my knees with my tail and ears begging to please you but,,, I would look very very cute
New Color 
Can we go back to the Happiness Begins tour, please? : 
I don't see a lot of people showing off the back of the Animal Crossing Switch box. It's actually pretty adorable and makes me feel ready to fly to island adventure! 
Some news you can use on #COVID19… @secupp asks, "what do we do if one person in our household is sick?" @DrPhillipsMD has the 
We heard @Rogue had no more ... so we’ll just clean sweep em instead @Sypical @AxB_RL @ArsenalRL 
MECHANIC BRAINCHILD LUCIA FEX , wig, skirt: me These were shot for the @sparkofhopezine ! Thanks for having me and thanks everyone for supporting RFS #PROMARE 
WELCOME BACK TO KEK OR CRINGE WITH BERNIE 
out of fear of a potential food/supply shortage people are cleaning out stores even though there was actually no high risk of any food/supply shortage. but because of the mass panic causing everyone to hoarde items ... there are now food/supply 
lingering and stagnant energy will limit anything new, unexpected, and beautiful from  …
demonic...psychotic...deranged...MIND  …
Well my freshman year of college lasted about .2 seconds:((
I just wrote the shittiest song and I love it.
For the sake of our children, their teachers and entire  it is past time for a contingency plan to be in place so schools will not open on Monday. I am hoping the Mayor’s office makes this call by tomorrow. #COVIDー19
Then things got ugly #RikisRide20 It got dark it got cold & there’s a 20 mile stretch in SCarolina with no gas stations. That’s when the rain came down. No heated gear & guess who forgot waterproof gloves. 92 miles to 
She likes creepy people!
Anyway I dont want tros, i want a trilogy of chewie and his daughters: rey chewbacca, rose chewbacca, jannah chewbacca and kaydel  …
Be yourself unapologetically - there's only so much you get to do or say in this lifetime, and it's not promised.
thank u for participating tonightive been lacking on the giveaways recently, im sorry abt that^^ just been so tired n stuff <3 Ily guys have a good day
You cancelled paid sick  …
wash ur 
at least go to a good restaurant, Jesus
When the imouto introduces herself in a hentai. 
All I can say is I hope you were the only ones there and I feel sorry for the people who had to wait on you. Pick up a damn book. And set a good example for your daughter BTW.
All y’all was so excited for 2020 Look at us now
urban outfitters is forever 21 in a fake mustache
Happy Birthday Dearest 
Stan Isabelle instead of that 
i kinda get why mark couldn't look at him 
FYI foods you might not know you can freeze: - nuts (they go rancid) - grated cheese - flour (can go rancid) - butter - cream cheese/sour cream (texture changes but still great in scones or pound cake) - eggs (break, beat and pour into a sealed container) Anyone else have tips?
Journalist, anti-capitalist, and renowned advocate Tamera interviews Wall 
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi Response to Coronavirus Has  …
Well at least ultimate players don't have to exploit glitches and buy defective controllers to be Mildly Okay At The Game. Also there's more than 2 viable characters.
Idols need to be banned from hitting the woah i’m sorry
The Teide, in between the blue lights. 
if y'all didn't know dohyon finds his wooseok hyung really cute just look at the way he cooed at him  …
Some of ya grills look cheap and dirty
the sea~ @BTS_twt #BTS 
Ella Mai giving us lectures at the end of  …
his outfit is stressing me  …
Out of the 3 POTUS candidates, @BernieSanders is the only one in the midst of the #CoronaOutbreak that keeps talking about how we need to take care of our most vulnerable - the sick, the homeless, the elderly, children... People  before the stock market. #FiresideChat
i probably don’t do this enough but i’m thankful and honored to know the people i know and have made the connections i’ve made. i’m not naming any names but if you’re wondering if i’m talking about you, i probably am. i love you all and i’ll continue to be the best me i can 
Of course he tested negative, just look at 
Keeps my hands off my face, so...
That's a bit disingenuous Matt when thousands of people have already died as a result of your Government's austerity  …
March 12th Waning Gibbous Moon 93.0% with clouds drifting past in Wodonga Australia #StormHour #moon #luna #moonshot #Moon_awards #astrophotography #astronomy @CherScheff @KayMcCaffery1 @PicPublic @PicPoet #500pxrtg @ThePhotoHour @BonfirePictures 
I went to Wegmans at 5:47 a.m. Saturday. Oh. My. 
Please share. #NotMeUs #BernieOrBust Watch Bernie debate Biden at 8pm ET on Sunday March,  …
YES SIR 
This is basically the New Criterion publishing the BoomerRemover hashtag. It's substantively equivalent to that. And it's 
 …
OH NO MY TENANT FROM HELL ISN'T GIVING ME MY PRECIOUS RENTIRINOS. THIS PLUS MY EX-WIFE, B*RNIE, AND GENERAL CHUMPFUCKERY WILL NOT STAND. TOMMY NEEDY A DRINKERINO 
YEEE!!! Shiny Galarian Slowpoke after 501 Eggs! Not bad! This hunt was severely slowed down by working on living dex tho so it felt long! 
Good morning to EXO and all my lovely moots 
MORE CUTE 
#FBRParty #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER @BrendaBalazs @BlueR00n @SadieTNResist @Winners786 @4a_of @Scott_5D @lunaticopresid2 @sdr_medco @BCOOL333 @AtlantisSeahor5 @RitaMacMom @zelda229 @PPersnickety @Missin_Florida @blowfish8888 @BaillairgePaul Vet 
Colby vs Wonderboy Burns vs Neal Don’t care bout Chiesa
can y’all digitally sign this video for me please @blaney 
Make this go viral, @DudePerfect can you shoot a nerf gun into a Krispy Kreme hole 
WTF WHY IS BUFFALO CAULIFLOWER SO GOOD? I F*CKING LOVE 
Notes after watching 3 @loucityfc matches from 2015: 1. Support has always been 2. Fondy well played the role of likable handsome hero goal scorer - crucial for the 1st year 3. Production quality is, well, it’s improved 4. LouCity is LouCity. Then, now, always.
I’m about to speak at a FaceTime aa meeting!!!!!!
So.....what did you think about #LegendToLegend?
@BritIndianVoice : India  5th country to successfully isolate Covid-19 virus strain  … #BritishHindus & #BritishIndians #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdate @BobBlackman @CGI_Bghm @HCI_London @naomi2009 @INSIGHTUK2
Arizona Election Day Director gives a press conference about closing dozens of polling locations for "public safety," but walks off stage saying "I CAN'T DO THIS." .... Seems legit... I can only imagine what the directive from the DNC was. He looked totally shaken up. 
anyone who thinks that alcoholism is not a big part of Kubrick's THE SHINING (in contrast to King's original novel) is, well, i'm just going to say it: an  …
May God bless him and all of his family in all ways possible and the United States of America. Keep fighting for us we're with you all the way. M - Man A - Asked G - God A - Answered K - Keep A - Asking G - God
The Mom / The Son  
I wish you got to read the essay I wrote about you. It got me in.
me waking up and seeing some of got7’s most popular fansites have 
Not sure why there’s random question marks but yeah 
The only reason people are in fear, is because you didn't do your homework. You came up with all kinds of excuses. For those of you who did, disregard this message. You are the bomb and we got a mission for you. Hold on, will be 
Sound the Airhorn! Emergency YMH Episode Coming 
Got this boy today! It looks great in person 
I'm pretty sure Kelly Marie Tran speaks more words in first five minutes of this doc than in the actual movie
ARMYs~ <iHEART MASS VOTING WITH WING> Starting Today! Sunday 15th we will have 2 daily Mass voting slots. 1st Slot →10am KST/ 9am MYT 2nd Slot →10pm KST/ 9am MYT Use this keyword - iHeartBTS Be ready! @BTS_twt #BestMusicVideo #BoyWithLuv 
I got to spend time with these Magicians a few days/months ago ‘fadó, fadó, ar maidin’. What a delight and privilege.. Tune into @MiriamOCal @RTERadio1 ‘Music is the only cure for 
Giovanni Pozzi references this article and chart in his interview with @RaoulGMI . It is a must read piece - Coronavirus: Why You Must Act Now  … updated today and translated into 26 languages
Added the daily cases increase during these 
I don't forget anything or let me say that my mind always reminds me of everything. I remember the warm details that people once shared with me. I also remember the cold memories that have no longer place at my heart. Those things just shape me currently and that is what matters.
Since 2013, the #gdshoopfam has had 27 of our program’s graduates go on to play college basketball!
i despise straight girls who flirt with gay/bi girls for attention
I am so frustrated, tired, and sore... I can't tell if I'm about to punch the next nasty person or burst into tears... Be kind to retail workers, we're stuck in the middle of this shit for hours/days. Someone run me over already.
I’m gay but my tolerance for other gay people is extremely low
All those who smeared Corbyn to stop  to power, who ignored the warnings given by all who knew Johnson, and thus deliberately enabled the useless vain lazy fool #boristhebutcher to be PM, with his eugenicist underlings given free rein, they must be held accountable.
Interesting - especially because military travel restrictions CONUS/OCONUS are in place.
Buddy gave me the 2nd Amendment argument & said it was for muskets, let people have muskets. but that's what the govt had too. A person should be allowed to defend himself tit for tat. If govt has a tank, I should be allowed one. We should be able to defend against tyranny. 
Men’s cologne, will forever get me  …
Fake  …
...all in absence of the Pandemic Response team set up by Obama, which was ended ‘18 bec it wd be a waste of $...and have Obama’s name on it.
Play with my , but don’t play with my emotions 
PBS MasterPiece Theatre 
Niggas be 26 in Miami during spring break like no one asked for a chaperone bro
why do cute girls always have to live so far away?
Hamimah Tuyan was meant to speak at today's Christchurch service. Here's what she was going to  …
We need better immunoglobulin A ...eat lots of zinc vitC selenium vitD foods, get enough sleep, and be physically affectionate and make love. This boosts your immune function. Obviously class society is killing the masses.
Sound  …
Did a duet with princeton @princetonperez how did i 
20 days from now gets us right at the Full Moon in Virgo. Those who know,  …
And ask about this, too,  …
Carolina Hurricanes' broadcaster John Forslund is self-quarantining after possible coronavirus exposure thanks to staying in a hotel room Rudy Gobert stayed in the night before. "Every time I sneeze or I cough, you wonder, 'Where’s this 
Yes #coronarovirus is knocking at NZs door & whether you're out panic buying milk, condoms or tins of spaghetti & chick peas or heaven forbid ........you're bloody well fighting over toilet paper... But no matter what your Wuhan frenzy is... STOP CALM DOWN..& #TurnArdern. 
#QuarantineAndChill #Needbooks? Most of mine will be Free March 16 to 20!  #WritingCommunity #CR4U #Romance You can catch them all on my Amazon page:  
Wowwwwwww! I want this so  …
Also, re 
One thing Ben and I are doing is getting takeout from local restaurants/small businesses to support. I’m tweeting this to brag about how good of people we are. You should be more like us.
FYI from Gregg.  …
Paul n I are getting a buzzcut we are sick of it
yeah it made this a cum 41 repost account 
Is this the first set of owners to   …
#ShametheFlames Flames Ownership to Calgarians: We need your help to fund the new arena. Calgarians: Okay. <COVID-19 hits> Calgarians: Like other sports teams have done, ownership needs to step in & help their employees out financially with the loss of work. Flames 
Line em up 
I was torn between calling it China virus or Wuhan virus. Now I think it is best to call it Wuhan virus because I am sure China will have more surprises for the world. We can call the new gifts Sichuan virus or Hunan  …
I wonder if his spiritual advisor will be speaking in tongues and letting out one of those horrifying screams.
You only adopted social distance. I was born to it, moulded by it.
You can’t fix stupid. Lol.
his last name is king for a reason
Don't ever settle for who you are.
Thinking about 
he was trippin so I hungout with his partner 
#MadhyaPradesh governor asks #KamalNath to face floor test on 
At @FoodShareTO: Increased personal leave (paid) by two weeks for anyone that needs to go into quarantine Increased vacation by two weeks for folks struggling to access childcare due to school closures Encourage folks to work from home Look out for each other
Whenever mi ketch the person behind the carnival 
 …
Order shirts to support autistic grad student thesis-writing amidst a pandemic.  
Sunbathing after zooming around the 
This team had DUDES!!! Regular season conference champs, conference tourney champs and NCAA tourney East Regional champs. As if I needed another reason to miss basketball this time of  …
And you and CITL have been fabulous working round the clock to ensure we can shift to the next phase of program delivery  …

LISA'S BIGGEST ANTIS ARE FROM HER OWN COMPANY AND FANDOM!
During these tough times - there’s nothing better than some @PBR action. Tune-in LIVE on @CBSSportsNet or 
“After years of campaigning, two rounds of legal action, a three-year trial and a storm of hostile newspaper coverage, the drug that prevents HIV is finally going to be made fully available to those who need it across England.” Fantastic  …
love to accelerate a pandemic to eat at fuckin red  …
And he's not even wandering off camera muttering about getting more kindling (cut to campaign logo)
stop arguing bro. just rock paper scissors it out
Anyone available to pencil 20 to  pages by August 15th? A friend of mine is looking to pay $75-$100/page. If so shoot me a link to your portfolio with contact information to send over . Please don't reply if you don't have a portfolio link or any samples to show.
Where the art hoes  …
Bruh, first Bravura, and now THIS  … Dude is doin' god's 
BYTE from Nov 1993 reports on Windows NT support for Posix, which Microsoft introduced in July the same year: "Posix is an important standard for character-based applications" In 1993, over 100 developers are already working on the Linux 
For sure. Just make sure it applies to housing, healthcare, utilities, staple foodstuffs, ect. Because the same logic that leads to people stockpiling hand sanitizer, toilet paper ect, to sell during a health crisis, also apply to those, all the time.
It was narrated from Ibn `Umar that the Prophet (s.a.w) said: "The likeness of the hypocrite is that of a sheep that is confused and roams between two flocks, going to one and then to the other." [ Sahih Muslim ]
LOVE . Sending  …
This corona shit getting serious and life too short man if we got beef or fell out I just wanna say fuck u from the bottom of my heart
Since the world is ending, I have a confession. I can’t use 
BREAKING NEWS CALM THE FUCK DOWN
i’ve practically lost my voice but have no other symptoms... how worried should i be
Most well-to-do NE families of the Caucasian persuasion, but you hang onto that quaint myth Its price wasn’t modest but it’s too hard to google that, I know
As Americans are dying, Cornyn & the rest of the Republicans voted several times to take away your healthcare. They also want to cut Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. They don't care about American lives. I support @mjhegar to replace Cornyn in the Senate. #VoteBlue2020
I’ve been in 6 states the last 3 days
Film poster looking like a YouTube video thumbnail in  …
I love you @ChrisAdah7 you are the fucking content #AMVCA2020 #UltimateLoveNG 
I’ve gotten through my hardest days. Everything will be okay.
watching actors' funny  on YouTube just to feel 
goodnight cute people 
#ADOS: Say it with me "White Supremacy always ------- it's tools!" - Andrew Gillum
@gregorcorp and I were just debating about how much the hospitals will be overwhelmed with people afraid that they broke their genitals from masturbating too much
I really said I’m fully single then continued to talk about how much umuntu wami spoils me & then spoke about how much I hate men All in one video Completely on brand
boy: *holds the door open for me*  …
Yes our Great President tested negative for 
We're just four hours away from closing applications!
Went shopping yesterday There’s nothing more disturbing than “I Need A Hero” playing over muffled speakers as you stare into empty 
rt and ill give you one x1, izone and loona member that i think you 
Can I copy your homework? ONF version #온앤오프 #ONF #Hyojin #J_US #E_tion #Wyatt #MK 
Another resignation—Amazon’s Greg Hart Steps Down as Vice President of Worldwide  …
'We’re basing this on science': Ohio emerges as leader in U.S. coronavirus  …
Just to be clear, the DNC forced Louisiana and Georgia to postpone their primaries to hurt Bernie, right?
Not staying with anyone that cheats, no need to add anything to make the scenario worse  …
You can't hear me but I'm singing Justin Timberlake's 'Cry Me a  …
My dear friends, our Heavenly Father and His Son Jesus Christ know us, love us, and are watching over us. Of that we can be certain. These unique challenges will pass in due time. I remain optimistic for the future. 
can you guys tell that I like this 
morning 
#COVID19: things are changing rapidly overseas. We’re working around the clock to keep our advisories up to date. Read our global bulletin first  ) - our advisories are being updated to reflect our global advice: Reconsider all overseas travel.
Prices should be allowed to rise in response to demand, rather than letting some stockpile at low prices and leaving others empty handed. Allow markets to work rather than forbid "price gouging" and making matters  …
I love all of a sudden everyone acting like they are a doctor talkin’ about the Coronavirus... shut up. U was stupid before the pandemic. U still stupid.
Grand Ole Opry Show -  …
I’m calm. Cuz I know that im worth it.
Siksikaitsitapi ' Niisitapi Blackfoot First Nations - Canada Holy Blackfeet women of The Sun Dance Ceremony (Okan). As prior to 1802, the indigenous women of the Plains were subservient to no one. 
I'm not sure that I agree with ya 100% on your math work there, Briahna Joy.
Tune in...THIS is who should be our  …
Off to bed, but my thoughts are with: all those diagnosed with COVID-19, and their loved ones our amazing NHS staff who are caring for people the experts trying to strategise in a rapidly evolving situation @MattHancock for his leadership in such a difficult time

You guys will hype up drag queens or gay men who go by she/her but as soon as lesbians use other pronouns it's a 
A second New Yorker has died from the coronavirus. The second COVID-19 victim was a 64-year-old man who had “other significant health problems which were likely contributory” to his 
today eliza and bob wore their clarke and bellamy outfits for the last 
I feel sorry for this man. He is clearly being forced to do this. The sensible option would be to cancel all primaries.
Gimp suffering at my booted feet 
LISTEN to @MomsDemand Action founder @Shannonrwatts talk about what it’s like to take on the NRA, and 
You can’t be successful without opps. They have to check in on you.
Troll with 0 followers. Account just set up tonight. Block all trolls.
The @MetOpera has announced they plan to stream encore presentations from their award-winning Live in HD 
On the lighter side 
Remember when the only thing they did was party  …
Good  …
“Do you think it’s right that we go on destroying the natural world?” “a bleached reef is a tragic sight”. “A desperately tragic sight, particularly if you’ve seen it before, and you know what it could have been like.” #ActOnClimate  …
Ok, buttttt if @DojaCat was in this. Make it  …
AMC, Regal Theaters reducing seating capacity by at least 50% due to coronavirus 
With many deprived of the Eucharist due to coronavirus covid-19, I'm reminded of the ancient Rite of Good Friday, where only the celebrant receives Communion, at which point the liturgy abruptly ends, leaving all with a profound sense of loss for Our Saviour who died for our 
DC is now #1 in votes and Houston has creeped into the top five !!! Also a little note about the listening parties click the link to vote if you haven’t yet today  
Have we reached the point yet where global panic is worse than the disease itself? I fear this more than the disease. #coronapocalypse #ShopperChaos #CommonSense #Reality #BeReal #coronavirus 
I just wanna remind you guys of something. No billionaire made it through salary
I know 
Moonstone and Emerald 
That says AFTER SELL BY date. The date is generally 2 weeks from what you’re buying it. So. Yeah
I never notice how much a room smells like weed until I walk out for a minute  back in
Being single >>> Being in the wrong relationship
LIVE: Soldiers manning the checkpoint at the Malanday-Meycauayan border have no thermal scanners. #MMLockdown | via @lianbuan WATCH:  
As if this administran would actually tell you that he tested positive.
supposed to be smashing apples in Tampa, instead I’m smashing Ben and Jerry’s on my couch.
have we worshipped 1 to 10 mina 
Unexpected #FoulOrDefend situation in our mini hoop game....and my 9 year old got me. I’m down 1 point in a win by 2 situation (2s & 3s & we shoot free throws), he immediately fouls so I can’t shoot a 3. I miss 1, he scores for the W Can’t say I wasn’t impressed 
I shopped at dollar tree cause all the big grocery stores were out of food
MD/PhD students trying to figure out how to still graduate in 8 years once institutions announce suspending research for ~6-8 
I’m gunna do an unfollow spree don’t worry I’m only unfollowing whoever isn’t following me but.. I’m going to make a list for moots to interact with so reply with your 
Flower Symphony #photography #macrophotography #macros #artphotography #myartwork #TwitterNatureCommunity #ThePhotoHour #naturelovers #NaturePhotography #flower #blossoms #mygarden #gardenlife #gardening #lilac #lily 
If he has his Snapchat on his bio, just focus on yourself.
Uhhhh do y’all want workout videos or not lol? Cause ya don’t like them when I post them so do y’all just want pointless selfies ???????????????
pov: mary getting wasted in a party and ririka passing by to check on her whether shes ok or 
Biggest sophomore slump of all time, don't 
﹆ ﹕ yoon+seok as opposite cartoon couples! a VERY important thread 
yanan might said he's the most scared of hongseok hyung bcs he keeps on correcting his korean (lol) but hongseok is also one who cares about him a lot.. lemme cry 
Avoid physical contact with coworkers? At all fucking cost.
#DU21 We still have a race to finish! Don’t forget run-off voting begins Wednesday at midnight! Vote Daylon Daye for Mister Senior 
#boristhebutcher Even if you close schools etc tomorrow it’s still too late. It started with no checks at airports, not enough testing, lack of information other than wash hands, ignore WHO advice, bullshit strategies on herd immunity, forced u turns, no school closures still
Ung Chinese sa elevator na napunta sa bus then nag jollibee sa rizal. This contagion could have been contained had we decided to close our borders for the Chinese! As of March 10, flights from China are still arriving in this f*cking country
This will be Harvey Elliott if he's not  …
how c/o 2020s gonna graduate 
In honor of March Madness (and it being cancelled), I created a bracket of the top college football teams since 2000. Who’s your final 4 and who’s your 
Tewi vs floor spikes 
#UltimateLoveNG #DoubleChris NK to Chris : Are we not praying no more Chris to Nk : No I don't Stan Rubbish . Chris is baddest Bitch in that house PERIOD!!! 
Some very good, helpful #coronavirus #COVIDー19 info to know & 
Need to know if she’s actually a witch so I can follow, or if she’s just calling herself a witch bc she’s in all black with a skirt and choker therefore  …
When @JeffreeStar asks “do you guys want a new palette?” 
I wanna take a class taught by bernie sanders
Wow dark
may i... offer... another 
these breaks have been HUGE for my mental health, looking at the positive sides of it all.
My sink exploded, my laundry machine quit working, fever won’t go away, most of the food got ruined. Im getting tested for Corona here in a few days or so thanks to a family member just  a firefighter. I can’t do this anymore guys. I really can’t.
I be ready to pack my spennanight bag
1983 The Outsiders Matt Dillion, Ralph Macchio, Rob Lowe, Patrick Swayze, Tom Cruise, Emilio Estevez, C Thomas 
Sick of the "I'll be fine, I'm healthy" ppl. This isn't about you. This is about protecting the most vulnerable people that you could potentially transmit to.
literally the hottest person to ever exist megan fox 
Covington vs Burns is a way closer fight than y’all think. I like Burns there. Tbh
This taxpayer thanks @realDonaldTrump and his administration for rejecting proposals to the coronavirus supplemental bill that would force American taxpayers to fund  …
3/14 i did sum 
I wonder how satisfied are those #Tesla owners who bought the F$D option for serious money years ago? $TSLA $TSLAQ
nobody like 
There have been many great posts about student activities over the next few weeks. Forgive me for saying, but you will not be judged by what kind of teacher you are, but what kind of person you are. Tell you students you miss them. Add stability to their lives. #143 #missyou
Total  …
Them: don’t go outside, it’s #corona season. 
Please share  …
this snapback a mfer 
Wish I could call my big bro but heaven ain’t got phones
MF wild and on the loose  …
MORE #WINNING @realDonaldTrump THE BEST President EVER tests NEGATIVE to #WuhanVirus....are the HATERS melting down YET?
Who’s the most clouted person that follows you? Tag Them!
#Foodbanks: Please @me or email our team at info@paramountfinefoods.com with the best time + day for us  with ready meals and we’ll do everything we can. Thank you for the work you do for  …
hi choices since  is getting closer have u all been collecting stars on starpass? u can watch 5 ads for free every hour & get 10 stars per ad. 10 stars = 1 vote. let’s save up all our stars so we can get a.c.e 1st win  let’s do this for them plss
how the glee club SHOULD HAVE been run...  via @YouTube
My hair is getting so 
Dorothy House Hospice, Threeways School, the RUH & Bath Rugby have all now pulled their teams from racing tomorrow. Well done to them for putting their team members health first. To all the runners running alone elsewhere - great work!  …
I remember when it was really hard for me to release something because I wouldn’t trust myself
birthday 
DELIGHTFUL to have @adamstovall, director of the wonderful @FrightFest selection A GHOST WAITS, join us for beers tonight at HQ! Safe travels home, sir! Coronavirus be 
is today slow for anyone else bc i’m about to CRY lol
A whole ass lie  …
waymaker. miracle worker. promise keeper. light in the darkness. my God — that is who you are.
Happy Pi Day Eric!
Crank by Catherine Wheel  … #NowPlaying best album 1993 tournament group 1
 … is this dubstep????
Supply and demand are a dance. During a pandemic, supply has to deal with a dance partner on a pogo stick. Remember, for every blue check mark on Twitter using a once-in-a-century demand shock to dunk on capitalism, there's a socialist country that ran out of dogs to  …
Bernie has over 100,000 viewers on his twitch #FiresideChat right now. He’s the gamer we deserve
I have called a special meeting of the City Council of the @CityOfDallas for next Wednesday at 9 am. I would encourage Dallas residents to tune in via TV or radio and not to attend in person. A link to the agenda is below. #COVIDー19  …
Congratulations to the JV squad who took home the championship trophy in the CIT tournament this 
Knowing God loves me despite all the b.s I do is so so humbling
And again  to flu and other, already established diseases. It’s like watching an  tsunami and saying “I dunno man, so far it hasn’t killed as many people as lightning.”
i will be here for aarón piper with open arms, open legs and an open 
Raquel the Stylist & her client Lilith Pleasant #TheSims4 #ShowUsYourSims 
So what's a mawma to do on a Saturday night when her 13 yo has a friend over & you've been banished? That's right, guys. She pours a glass of wine (into a coffee cup), rolls a joint, smokes half, & plays Ocarina of Time on the heated porch with a blanket Cheers
Bc the expression of the soul is beautiful We’ll show this to the aliens and they’ll give us another chance
Since we won’t be traveling for Spring Break (or the foreseeable future), we got a dog. We had to put down our family dog last fall after 12 incredible years & finally felt ready for another one. He’s a super sweet border collie and cattle dog mix. Everyone, meet 
Bernie how do you feel about being the biggest streamer currently on @Twitch #FiresideChat
thinking abt dat guy who wanted to pay me $40 per week for my feet 
[ @SJofficial Schedules] Sunday, 20200315 20.00 KST SBS Kpop Play YT Channel, Shindong Gayo ( @ShinsFriends) 21.00 KST SBS-TV, My Ugly Duckling (HC) 22.40 KST tvN-TV Great Escape 3 ( @ShinsFriends) #SUPERJUNIOR #슈퍼주니어
Thanks to all who are DMing and replying. I did my prepper thing last week and we're in good shape to weather this. But lots of folks are in very bad shape. If you're inclined, use this to find your local food bank and send them what you can afford  …
Simple questions for simple @simoncoveney & @LeoVaradkar: Have you been tested for #coronavirus since your return from the #WhiteHouse? Should either of you be in isolation? #LockdownIreland #CloseThePubs #Covid_19ireland 
My Dad is 89. He is a retired engineer. He hates all sports. This is a screenshot of a text from my son. 
oh, COVID 19, i thought you said— 
Suspend rent and mortgage payments to support coronavirus affected, Jeremy Corbyn tells Boris  …
Not just a lie, but a lie that reveals the sordid heart of the 2A fanatics: an endless sweaty fantasy about being the guy with the gun, laying waste to everybody else — having been given some justification by outside circumstances.
Professor John Ashton - former Director of Public Health - calls for Boris Johnson to "consider his position" - i.e. - resign. It was always obvious to #Johnson's former employers, such as Max Hastings, that #Johnson was a fundamentally inadequate & unreliable  …
Extremely excited to have received a full scholarship offer from Spring Hill College! Thank you so much Coach Calhoun. Go Badgers!! 
“Dogs are almost human” never more so than when  to letting one go. Nothing says human like placing arse in face and letting rip before smugly looking at you and retreating to the relative safety of another room.
UC Berkeley student has reportedly tested positive for  …
First instinct when I heard “Herd Immunity” five days ago via @Peston was that this was half-digested gobbledygook from a popular science book. Obviously, I immediately thought of Dominic Cummings. But still... how much time lost? Why did the CMO go along with  …
I guess Angels do 
thanks for taking me to the moon pie @SaraBareilles @WaitressLondon 
And that’s why there are refs and cornermen. To keep fighters from fighting beyond the limits of their own safety. As should be done in cases of global pandemics.
This is despicable. In a pandemic where jails are breeding grounds for the virus @NYGovCuomo wants to subject hundreds of thousands more legally innocent people to pretrial jailing, and do so in a rushed process to  objections to bail  …
Kevin Lee vs Charles Oliveira is next. I had this fight 60/40 in favor of Kevin Lee but he looked dehydrated and now I'm more 50/50 on it. My pick is still Lee. #UFCBrasilia
Social distancing and self-isolating is useful in that it might be the difference between our being stung by a bee once versus being stung 100 times - that's why young and apparently healthy Chinese doctors became ill and died - due to viral load. Reduce exposure. Be well, mate.
Hello 
As a PhD Microbiologist with 30 years research experience, I agree with you 100% We need to keep up the pressure on this  Tory gov because they’re hiding behind flawed ‘scientific advice’ that’ll result in 1000s of unnecessary deaths
Chisa is literally the colors of the trans 
Mood for the foreseeable future okay 
Brexit means coronavirus vaccine will be slower to reach the UK | World news | The  …
Except in a socialist economy this isn't a shortage, it's the status quo.
BREAKING: Coronavirus created in Toilet Paper Industry Research Lab
When someone that ghosted me hits me 
wait you can s support your own brothers and sisters in fates 
Ford Foundation, Mellon Foundation playing important role in ensuring archives go where they should— Here Belafonte archives to Schomburg-/ Six Decades After the Banana Boat, Harry Belafonte’s Archive Sails 
Still not going near that freakin’ 
So hot. / findom finsub paypig cashcow cashslave findomme findombrat humanatm finD 
Notable item from today’s NHL call with GMs: the league instructed teams to make sure to pay all their AHL players through the season suspension. Same as instructed yesterday in terms of paying NHL players.
My grandpa ain't never even cleaned no cabin like that.. I guess yall just talk about us poor folks. You never meet us in real life unless were cleaning your hotel room, serving you food, bringing you towels, right? I see y'all look through me after I clean your toilet.
“The low wage problem in the anime industry”.  Please RT and share it with your friends. We hope you 
OK. Now that I got that out of my system shoot me a sob story (not too sad or it will ruin my tan) about how the pandemic has affected ur  and I’ll shoot one of u  …
Choice you knew what you was doing you knew the i’ll consequences if you got caught don’t apologize when you knew it was wrong before you did  …
While we are in this stupid quarantine, go out and support your local businesses. These two weeks could break them.
not a bughead calling someone dumb for thinking they were talking about a bughead tv spin-off when this post is literally filled with bughead stans reacting and getting excited about a bughead tv  …
Its hair fibers and hairspray residue but everybody on here think it’s actually his skin..
(2) 14th March / London actionCandles for Assangeat Trafalgar Square in solidarity with a politically persecuted #WikiLeaks publisher & multi-award-winning journalist Julian Assange. @Candles4Assange #FreeAssangeNOW 
Did I just hear Newt Gingrich is in 
The 2020 I The 2020 I got  …
Agree 100%. Worse, *exactly* like movies where time travelers tell people how to ward off disaster. And no one believes them. Until it happens. Then they think you have magic powers. I was in China in January. Get out of the bars tonight Churches, livestream services  …
Facebook friend who recently returned to central #Iowa from foreign country (traveling by plane) got sick this past week. Went to urgent care but was told she couldn't be tested for #COVIDー19 b/c she hadn't visited one of the 6 highest-risk  …
If I get to 1k followers by the time I wake up in around 9 hours, I will drop a face reveal tomorrow
Dale Jarrett sported many different NFL themed helmets during the 1994 Winston Cup 
Great. Now test him for syphilis and  …
Y’all,,, this is my best friend. That is 
does anyone else ever think too deeply about how harry is literally a human just like anyone else, he just lives differently & is widely known & has to deal with an overwhelming amount of attention for the rest of his life and then u almost get anxious because u love him and-
This is leadership. This  This is something to be proud of. Well done to all  …
My favourite shark. Just finished this awesome Mako shark skull for a Sydney 
I appreciate the ones who are really there for me no doubt
I’m deaddd 
Don’t forget about family owned businesses I DON’T SUPPORT THIS PANIC BUYING BUT FOR THOSE WHO REALLY NEED FOOD FOR THEMSELVES AND THEIR FAMILIES, MY DAD’S BUSINESS IS STILL OPEN!! BEANS, RICE, and CANNED FOOD GRAND CENTRAL MARKET WILL CLOSE THE DAY AFTER 
 … Relax, they can make more than we can use.
#DoseOfDrDrew Take 2: Coronavirus Questions Answered 3/14/20  …
this is one of those "if you're held hostage, what's one tweet that would let people know" situations
Sounds like someone’s getting smacked
White House says President Donald Trump took a coronavirus/COVID-19 test and it came back negative. Lots of questions, like— exactly which test? See memo below.  
Donald Trump now claims he tested negative for coronavirus. Here's the evidence trail that says he's probably  …
[151] 𝙎𝙄𝙈𝙐𝙇𝙏𝘼𝙉𝙀𝙊𝙐𝙎 𝙒𝙄𝙏𝙃: parts 130-131, where ricky writes and posts ‘do it all again’, and turns his phone 
Tissue ALERT: Amazing gratitude! This man's 16 yr old son died in a car wreck & he donated his organs. The heart recipient sent him a teddy bear with a recording of his son's heartbeat. Save a life, be an organ donor 
Sad Hispanic mf’s be like no Juan wants me
I hope the world is healing herself. Less pollution from factories, vehicles, malls... People going back to basics slowly...no cinemas, mallings, eating out, Just internet connection will do.
Alright I will
Mood. 
Been a long time since I've used 
Bernie Sanders says President Trump “will have to bear responsibility for trying to diminish and minimize the impact of this [coronavirus] crisis.”
Still thinking about the time I stood right next to the woman who manifested all of 
it’s okay if you’ve never seen goodfellas, scarface, the godfather 1 or 2 but Forest Gump is where I draw the line
There are always shortages in a socialist economy. The fact that there is a temporary disruption in a capitalist economy when something absolutely bizarre happens and it takes a few days for the logistics system to catch up is only a surprise to children, fools, and  …
y'all even Kai is streaming  on let's get it to 100M !!! #GOT7 
Also shout out to @CashApp for giving away $4,000 to the people in the chat at the end of the stream, that was one of my favorite moments from the stream
#StayHome and play original Xbox. What have you been playing this 
cayetana just looks like she’s serving no purpose other than being in the way cause she 
Total Draft picks since 2010.... Maryland- 17 Ohio State-  …
Look, I’m no expert, but when you see that Spain and Italy are shutting down everything but essential services, and then you see Brooklyn today absolutely full of people out and about enjoying the weather, shops, restaurants, etc. — you have to wonder what happens next.
Fuuuuhuuuuhuuuuck this asshole. NOW is the time to ridicule him. How SAD that this is our surgeon general. I suppose it could be worse (Ben  …
god knew I would be too powerful if I could cook and bake... anyway kimchi ramen again
HISD expands number of food distribution sites to 31 | News  …
We are so proud of Shandel transferred a month ago from Garden Department to Cashier Great work ethics Greeting, Engaging & Thanking customers & being a phenomenal positive team player driving standards at Self Check Out #GETInvolved #HomerAward 
No, human. I’d like my dinner 
I am back after 7 days in the Twitmo hole. Hello all you survivors!!! Anything interesting happen????
Damn his momma thicker than Train  …
only steven icons can retweet this
OMG I didn’t catch the Panthro skeleton in the corner! Are they getting a dig in at the deceased Earle Hyman?? If so... what the F*CK is wrong with you Cartoon  …
can’t these people go back to setting their nikes on fire to own the libs or something & stop putting everyone’s grandma at 
My music HAS to be this loud  …
When Sir Issac Newton was quarantined in 1665 because of the bubonic plague, he invented calculus, developed his theory on optics, and formulated the laws of motion and gravity Remote work rocks!
Twitter is so far ahead on certain things its scary. There should be an entire Govt department devoted to using it real-time.
Kicked the shit outta him 
LFD Looking for: A really smart igl Good mechs Some good placements And a good mental Willing to vod review and play all of fncs duos Prefer Cpl Dm twopump#0651 on discord Vouches and rts appreciated
And they do next day delivery  …
As opposed to the normal thing where we drone the hospital
Muchas gracias CBC COMPANY @MiguelKattan1 
Deen being the priority over everything  …
Softball season is  …
Who's going to tell teenage capitalism cheerleading dimwit we've had the 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE — Kenya government suspends all public gatherings 
Corona has reached Israeli prisons, where thousands of Palestinian political prisoners are held. A Palestinian prisoner in Ashkelon came into contact with an Israeli doctor who tested positive for the virus. Palestinians fear an outbreak in these 
The silver lining for IU in this season is Zafar Gauhar. Though unfortunate not to get a lot of matches, he's still the best left arm orthodox in country right now. PCB should invest on him, hope he doesn't miss his flight this time ;)
rate it 
It would suck if the planning opinion most people take away from COVID-19 is that we need to double down on single-family house-only, car-dependent urban form.
Genuinely feel like we’re living in the Truman show right now.
Why can't this government give out clear info? Why do they insist on leaking stuff to some journos and making statements in the Telegraph on a Saturday night? How can the public trust this kind of idiocy? Just  …
For anyone wanting to be blonde, dm me to book your appointment 
Hello all. Names joe, from Vegas. New to the  here and looking to build more connections for buying/selling trading. Ive got this kelenic fs at 510 shipped or looking to trade for Luka prizm psa @Hobby_Connect @HobbyConnector rt/hell is 
Trudeau is reacting the same way he did when our railroads and roads were blocked. Do basically nothing and hope it goes away.
Sunsets at beach 
Did I just see wtf I think I 
i ain’t friendly. i jus b laid bacc and everybody fw da vibe ..
Hello World ! Hope you understand now that What does a lock down mean ? #JammuKashmir needs attention too
Theres few things funnier than someone acting tough and shitting on he/him lesbians but then tweeting smth pathetic like I have no friends :( right before or after
have u ever looked at someone and hoped they stay in your life forever
Well done Mullingar.  …
Kerala: Cochin Surgicals, a surgical shop in Kochi sold around 5000 masks at Rs 2 each in two days. Nadheem, co-owner says,"We decided to sell masks at reasonable price especially to  people like hospital staff & students ." (14.03) 
One of our team members drove about 300 miles yesterday for a single 24-pack of toilet paper. Admittedly, we've driven to Wyoming and back for free Dairy Queen (it was a busted chase day), but 300 miles for a single pack of toilet paper is pushing it.
Comme mon chien
#TodayInMovieHistory (March 14): #TheHunted (2003). [Directed by @WilliamFriedkin]. 17th Anniversary! An FBI deep-woods tracker attempts to capture a trained assassin who has made a sport of hunting humans. Cast: #TommyLeeJones, #BenicioDelToro, @CNConnieNielsen, 
Pics or it didn’t  …
that was quick. The market will crash on Monday again. LOL Doctor says Trump tests negative for  …
And so it begins. Urban Outfitters says to close all of its stores around the globe
Missing 
Walk tall and carry a big 
Imagine if every cold and flu season, 3 out of every 100 ppl with the sniffles died.
jordan fisher as jesse st 
I am going to buy  …
If you are missing hockey and you have an iPhone I'd highly encourage you to download an app I created called NHL Rank King An update should be available in the App Store (you may have to do it manually for some reason) It can be a great time-killer in these depressing  …
hello i made a sansa fancam/edit??? to my favorite song ever hehe 
inch resting... very inch 
Come where the tough ones play @ClubHawthorne ! Still open for live racing and open to public 
Also sending love to incarcerated folx who have poor health care and are having their volunteer based activities and visits cut off. Incarceration as a system isn’t made for crises (remember Katrina?) and y’all should remember this when you dare speak reform but no abolition
OK, so I have never used a bidet. Don't you end up dripping wet? Does water really do the job, don't you need some physical contact? Do you use soap? Is the towel that you dry off with totally disgusting? Isn't it difficult to get just the right angle (speaking as a woman)?
bitches be 16 talkin bout "who want me " your mom wants u home at 9 bruh
Currently, we anticipate re-opening in two weeks, on Sunday, March 29th 2020. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely as these dates may change. Follow us here or find us on Instagram @bicyclecasino for our latest updates. #bicyclecasino
I want to assure the residents of Pomona & surrounding cities that statements made my our local council member @Robert4Pomona & Fed Rep @NormaJTorres are not facts. There are no plans to bring in individuals with COVID-19 to any armories including 
facebook vs 
and how would you know this my fellow african  
Also love how Burns channels Wallid in all his post-fight interviews
You have a tendency to make a lot of mistakes.
mind your own fucking business
name one thing in this picture ill cashapp $10
Bangwool attack RT if u ready! #iHeartAwards #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo 
I want a big titty goth gf
I can see why y’all are struggling with the delegate math. Lol at these numbers.
You have 1 time to show me you don’t care
He’d hate me if I say anything nice. So he’s a prick 
Being read  …
Our demands on local & national gov re #COVIDー19 - Freeze of rent payments - Freeze on all utility bills - Activation of SWEP & requisition empty hotel rooms to provide emergency shelter for homeless people - Implementation of all @ACORN_tweets  …
Today I took my humans to the 
So if Jews are cynically using his case, because he became such a despised figure, to put forward more precedents that will be used against whites, this shouldn't surprise us. But it doesn't mean he is not a sexual predator that deserves the Leo Frank treatment.
Ain't got no sympathy for no bitch I admit that I'm rich and I'm lit 
breakup w ur boyfriend already
I’m about to delete all social media until this corona virus stuff is over..
Little Railway 
This is something that employers who can really must do. Can’t speak for the best way to scale through a gov or banks. I wrote some about this here.   …
WoW Geeeze Louise, what are these people thinking? Do they honestly think that a gun will stop the virus? Oh wait, the gun is to protect their hoarded t-paper and hand sanitizers! This picture literally screams “this is the face of  …
Evening shift had begun. Trying to catch the snow before freeze up. Cold tomorrow so if we do cleanup now, we should have a consistently flat and hard surface for tomorrow and beyond. #volunteer @adamsm99 at the 
Just made a big ol' pot of chilli. Tim Hortons can GET BENT! 
It's not low risk. It's anything but low risk. Social distancing is the clear  out of countries that have locked down. Australian governance is repulsive - it is not the flu it has no cure, there is no vaccine. If you're elderly you could be dead next week.
Below is the link. KANO STATE MUSLIM FAMILY AND RELATED MATTERS  …
he/him lesbians do exist. bi/pan lesbians don’t exist. don’t say dyke if ur not a lesbian. These are all things i shouldn’t have to repeatedly say and yet..:.....:. Here we are, having this same discussion, every single week. u are all so stupid god bless
I’m too lazy to do the full meme, but IN THIS HOUSE WE’RE STILL WATCHING THE 
Something a bit different than usual, me and a few friends are working on a project that attempts to remake levels from the game gear sonic games in the style of sonic mania levels. If anyone is interested in helping (mainly artists) please dm me on discord (ggyas#5873). 
Protip: if you stay in your bedroom long enough the living room feels like the outside world
Going to the grocery store this evening was like Christmas shopping on December 24th. The keeners and hoarders had already had their run of the place. Everyone there was chill and there were no lines. Stocks were depleted but I still found everything I needed.
#FiresideChat Even our cat can see that you make the most sense Bernie! Thanks for all you do. Our NEW 
Did a Maryland SWAT team target & kill 21-year-old Duncan Lemp @YungQuant in a 4:30 a.m. raid in part because Lemp was outspoken that "the constitution is  …
Probably that he got it after CPAC. ALSO: this whole thing is overblown.
How can you illustrate that if you don't work there and don't know what their current state is. You've been doing nothing but throwing shade at  you used to work for. Instead of using that energy to illustrate the great work environment of  you work for now.
me after boris johnston gives us the  …
Fit room 
Do what you want, without justify your actions to  …
Always wanted my life to feel like a movie but ideally I was thinking something from a different genre
Retweet if you miss someone rn
Dat Ass 
Broadcast by the BBC just after the announcement of War in 1939, take a listen to this (from 15 seconds  …
There truly is no justice in the universe.
“We all got lake houses...” probably not a good argument
How long before he's calling it "the most perfect test" anyone has ever taken? Also I call bullshit on those  …
SPACE JAM IS ON NETFLIX
Fave song right 
When Vermin Supreme is president everyone gets a slice of the pony pi.
Just like every other world tour, the corona virus is avoiding Nova Scotia
Who would have ever thought this would  a serious question. #MacGyver #COVIDー19 #coronapocalypse 
Something had to be said and ima rant about it tomorrow’s stream  …
MORNING PRAYER. +In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen. #Lauds #LiturgyOfTheHours 
And they say women are the ones without a sense of humor
they eat my drip up , so I custom my fit 
Okay I’m confused. My town is going on like there is no coronis virus. We do be viben here
The President should absolutely veto the FISA bill until it is exactly revealed how the Brennan CIA was able to coerce the UK, Australia, Italy and Ukraine to spy on the campaign, in order to circumvent US law, and include new provisions to the 5 eyes intelligence agreement!
Is PVO trending? Perhaps we should all stop talking about him.
Happy Birthday Olowo ori mi, my love, my life AdeRikki OluwaJohn @rikkialakija - Celebrating my best friend, lover & confidant. Your girls ADORE you!!!( #TongaAlakija too) THE best Hubby, Daddy & cheerleader EVER. AND the most handsome Like a fine 
Pro day 2020 W.I.N. 
Hey what genre is Rezz music technically?
Some more dress rehearsal to bring a little smile to your face 
When everything closes in America I’m definitely stealing a Hellcat
Hey everyone later tonight me and @Draconicarcher will be doing a QNA live stream on my youtube ino89777! send your questions here and will pic some to answer  
Tomorrow I will be announcing a special program to aid social distancing and the fight against this pandemic.
You don't need boost if you're @Chicago_RL  
We’ve decided to suspend our patreon while the world deals with this crisis and there are no sports. Thanks to everyone who has supported us along the way in this project. Support @voiceofsandiego! Good information on a local level will be extremely important at this 
While the media are frantically reporting that Trump tested negative, remember: - Very late last night the WH issued a statement saying Trump wouldn't be tested - Today Trump said he was tested after all (like, when?) - Now his doctor says he tested negative Doesn't add up.
“When the world needed him most...he 
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House physician  …
consider this please. yoongi falling in love with hoseok . in every possible universe

About to start! Garrick Ohlsson, piano - 92Y, New  …
listening party by @btschartdata soon!!! youtube :  … apple music :  … spotify :  … #Sweet7 #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
The Nike Store, East Los Angeles, 
me flirting with someone. vs when they flirt 
Coronavirus: Northern Ireland schools 'will close for at least 16  …
the joke writes 
want this thicc country boy to fuck me into next week pls and thanks lemme wear that bob seger shirt 
This is a tremendous self own
Coronavirus UK death toll nearly doubles in one day, rising to  …
Are you watching this? @BernieSanders is showing his brilliance,  and his policy expertise. It’s the smartest thing I’ve ever seen from Bernie.  …
I ran out of honey, so I made a peanut butter & syrup sandwich, & my instincts were not wrong.
It is a *smallest* preventative thing. And yet  out with "hmm well maybe if, but then... ohh who knows" How about NO. Stop it!
11/18/79 - 03/14/20 6:39 P.M. I’ll love you FOREVER my 
Update: we have raised more than $16000 and have (so far) distributed more than $14000, with the rest to be distributed later today!! Keep the donations and  …
JUST IN: PBA Party list Rep. Jericho Nograles says the House of Representatives employee who tested positive for COVID-19 has passed away at 1:45AM today. Nograles asks all employees, congressmen, and those who visited the HOR to check for symptoms. | via @victoriatulad
*Dozens of Americans in an apartment block singing in unison* "Yeeeeaaaahhh Im gonna take my horse to the old town  …
Y’all make me sick man  …
Here's y'alls solution to no toilet  …
President Trump tested negative for the coronavirus. Now all the 'journalists' demanding that he be tested without showing symptoms can start bitching that he took the test from someone who needed it.
just gonna keep repeating: not every leftist with some reactionary bent is cryptofash and not every leftist who says things you think are "wokescold"-ey or "sjw"-ey are liberals. the ability to criticize without stripping people of their "leftness" is vital to coalition-building
Great speech, thought provoking on so many levels/generations. PS: If you're wondering why you can't stand hearing your voice, I can make a thread tomorrow about why people have this jarring feeling when listening to their voice  …
Well I applaud her for that but I could really give a fuck less about Twitter mfs like they’re the one that got the food thrown on. Her head would’ve gone straight into that pole with no explanation
Buonanotte Agustin e tutti "Garden Study of the Vickers Children" (Lavington, West Sussex, England, 1884) By John Singer Sargent (Anglo-American, 
I feel like they don’t  anything.
TOMORROW!! We'll be drawing YOUR OC's (or other requests)!! All Subscribers get $5  prices-With more perks for higher tier subscribers! Come say howdy  
NOT JUST OLD PEOPLE ARE HIT HARD BY #COVID19 / This is in Italian, but at minute 6:30 there's an interview with a healthy 48-year-old man with no other health problems hospitalized in Italy.  …
Is he a part of an attempt to destroy this movement from within using sliding tactics? Remember that there are people who are ideologically opposed to this movement and will do and say anything to stop it.  …
ngl they look like they’re from mississippi in this pic i can’t explain  …
i’d like to apologize for having no feelings and also for having too many.
World pandemic declared, so @SkyNewsAust take time to paint this as a partisan political issue. Immoral, obscene and frightening that Murdoch’s pastries spruik such dangerous rhetoric. @RitaPanahi should be removed from  …
Color study doodles with the #GoldenDeer house! #FE3Houses #ignatz #leonie 
How the hell do the monkeys take what they need and here in America people are hoarding stuff. #COVIDー19 #COVID19 
bernie stop touching your FUCKiNG FACE
Newt Gingrich: I am in Italy amid the coronavirus crisis. America must act now—and act  …
It's #flowerday! I'm so glad to have been a part of the #colorsofspring2020 project along with many other very talented artists. My flower was the chrysanthemum and I drew my boy Aidan. Check out the other entries here:  
𝒏𝒊𝒏𝒐 & 𝒌𝒊𝒂𝒓𝒂, twisted emotions ◊ daylight “𝐼 𝑡ℎ𝑜𝑢𝑔ℎ𝑡 𝑜𝑓 𝑦𝑜𝑢𝐼'𝑣𝑒 𝑏𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑠𝑙𝑒𝑒𝑝𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑠𝑜 𝑙𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 20-𝑦𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑑𝑎𝑟𝑘 𝑛𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑑 𝑛𝑜𝑤 𝐼 𝑠𝑒𝑒 
From implied Communion for the divorced and remarried to sorry no Communion for anybody. Pope Francis is a scourge and Bergoglianism a plague.
A  me to draw a redesign of Rouge that I made 7 years ago. The design itself does not hold up well at all so I did a couple of changes and I thought I would 
In a time of existential crisis, Bernie Sanders is a godsend to this godforsaken country. Do everything you can so we don’t abandon the leadership and the movement that was made to help us, to save us from our system, from ourselves, made for precisely this moment
RT if you really really really really really really really really really really really LOVE ME MALHAEJWO NA EOBS-I HALUDO BEOTIL SU EOBSDAGO REALLY REALLY WANT A BLACKPINK COMEBACK #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Seedlings of Rough Marsh-mallow and Ground-pine along the northern edge of Kitchen Field at  Farm today. Hopefully will get a bit bigger before the @BSBIbotany meeting later this 
Father in Heaven, Please protect and keep those on the side of light safe and unharmed. Give them all skills and clarity necessary to move swiftly while defeating those that have chosen darkness. Thy will be done. Amen
Wow. Just wow. “At 10 pm massive applause was heard tonight in many Spanish cities in gratitude to health personnel and other professionals fighting the coronavirus” VIDEO  …
I'd prefer to expand Meal on Wheel as an at-cost paid option and give ppl the money for it. Same with the school-lunch program (Make it part of child-UBI). SNAP should be given to everyone as cash so we erase the stupid anti-poor people requirements/means-testing. Erase  …
FINAL THOUGHTS (cont'd): The rest of the world apart from Italy, China and Korea is just now beginning to reach other stages, so let me tell you this: You have no idea  to get you. I know because 2 weeks ago I was the one who had no idea and though it wasn't bad.
What’s not shown in this picture is the troop of leaders supporting our BoE and I . Huge thanks to @kfinter @ChrissyMiga_WI @JamesBr89958326 @RocDevo @aplusphysics @mcramer17 and Karyn Ryan & Alecia McLaughlin! Heroes in a time of crisis!  …
FINAL THOUGHTS: That's what the situation is like now today as of the March 12th. Keep in mind that it all happened in around 2 weeks... 5 DAYS FROM STAGE 3 TO TODAY.
my entire senior year has not gone the way i expected it to LMAO
Back in the dealership 
STAGE 6 (cont'd): If you're a known positive patient you risk from 1 to 12 years of jail for homicide.
You’re stuck in quarantine for 14 days with the third person who pops up when you type @. Who are you quarantined with, and will both of you make it out alive?
Too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
Dani Alves vs Santos: 120  90% passing accuracy 10 chances created 7  4 successful long balls 2 tackles won Brilliant in the Paulista this 
They need to STOP calling these places "Shelters!" That word indicates Safety, which is far from the truth. They are KILL centers. Folks that surrender pets there don't realize that. That is what we need to educate!
STAGE 5 (cont'd): People can go to work, do grocery shopping, go to the pharmacy, and all businesses are still open because otherwise the economy would collapse (it already is), but you can't move from  unless you have a valid reason.
Can't believe an AAU program had the audacity to hold a tryout today in a Virginia High School building with all that is going on. Absolutely ridiculous!
What's THAT  …
STAGE 5: Remember the 10k idiot who ran from the red zone to the rest of Italy? Well, the entire country has to be declared under quarantine (March 9). The goal is to delay the spreading of the virus as much as possible.
How’s the other  …
STAGE 4 (cont'd): A friend's relative died yesterday of corona because they couldn't treat him. It's chaos, the system is collapsing. Coronavirus and the crisis it's provoking is all you hear about everywhere.
The supposed disbanding of  as the US has been considering designating the group as a foreign terrorist organization, which would open the door to more legal action against the neo-Nazi  …
was in a bad depression cycle (plus getting the flu) for a while and lost 15 pounds & most of my muscle bc of a number of things, but finally got my weight back up to what it was keep on keepin on
The ultimate financial cost of the Covid 19 Pandemic for the UK & the world will not be known for some time,, so is now a good time to be proceeding with a £106bn #hs2. Would it not make more sense to spend time & money on investigating alternative projects locally? Just asking?
“Another double for  …
#UFCBrasilia Official Result: Gilbert Burns @GilbertDurinho def Demian Maia by TKO in R1 at 2:34 Results  
my mood this whole month cause of 
I  is most important, in everything
TRUMP  …
Aye Nupe chill on the  …
Spare a moment for the people who work zero hours and are self employed during this time. Donate to independent business, theatres, arts centres, be kind, offer to shop for those who can’t get out and ffs don’t cough without covering your 
White House: Donald Trump Tests Negative for 
I hate how loud women clean up
I feel so much love for people just discovering  …
last pic is me cheerin myself on for finally having a good day, go me!! 
STAGE 3: The number of cases is rapidly going up. They almost doubled in one day. There's more deaths. They declare red zones and quarantine the 4 regions where the majority of cases are registered (March 7). In Italy 25% of the county is under quarantine.
STAGE 2 (cont'd): There are some deaths but they're all old people so the media is just creating panic for views, how shameful. People lead their life as usual.. I'm not going to stop going out and meeting my friends am I? It's not going to get me. Everybody's fine here.
We do not always get messages across as clearly as we hope, but be reassured that a huge amount of thought is going into how best to respond to this global health crisis - public health & infectious disease experts, working hard to keep as many people as healthy as possible.
STAGE 2 (cont'd): They declare "red zone" and quarantine one or two small cities where they found the first cases and a lot of people were infected (Feb 22nd). Well that's sad and somewhat worrisome but they're taking care of it so nothing to panic about.
My mom: Hija, por favor. You don’t have say anything else. I understand this is huge. We need to prepare. Also my mom: Ay Dios. I went to buy a gallon of milk at the store this morning. The parking lot was so packed. What’s going on?
Real world risk is hard to rationalize. It's  and the interactions. It's tough to map the connection. This virus shows this risk in conjunction  can only be managed prior to the event. It's this arrogance that got us in this f****** problem.
To suggest that everyone can & will happily go into hibernation for two to three months is wrong, so we do not do that. There's no evidence that testing everyone with mild illness will change the  significantly, whereas it would deny tests to the sickest right now.
Yeah but he still needed Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim, Arthur Laurents and Jerome Robbins to make “West Side Story,”  …
u and 
Pick a Myth Hunting Community name:
The important measures that we believe will have an impact are not a trivial undertaking; they are hard work, a big ask for everybody. They  for weeks to months. So we have to ask people to do the right things - based on expert advice - at the right time.
I have to agree with you Mr. Woods. As a Canadian I believe our government has been far to slow to place restrictions on international flights. The US and Canada should be applying the same restrictions at the same time. One North America.
God watching over our President. Thank you Lord
In 08' we bailed out the banks. in 20' we are bailing out ENTIRE industries. What is it called when public funds are used to bail out industries? THE DEATH OF CAPITALISM... GM
Parents, here’s a test, ask your kids if there is ALWAYS soap in the school bathrooms. Also ask how the taps work and if they can reasonably and practically follow the advice about washing hands for at least 20 seconds. Reply with what you found out.
European Human Rights Court Rules Against Christian Midwives Who Will Not Abort 
Rapid test exists and is being used in Europe and Asia (50 countries): UK’s Novacyt test takes 2 hours, is for Covid19 only, costs $6 (equiv) per test, can be done on any lab platform. But FDA is dragging its feet and not approving it.
'Instant Karma! (We All Shine On)' (Official Video) Working Class Hero: The Definitive Lennon - John Lennon - 2005 (Compilation)  
Left one is my writing at the beginning of the page and right one is towards the end of the  …
Never trip over ish you can’t control.
Please read Adam's thread. No one is trying to induce immunity in a lot of people deliberately; antibody responses will follow naturally, in a lot of people all over the world, because this is a pandemic & so many people will be infected. The key goal is to avoid a sharp  …
Choose your 
This guy needs to be sidelined. This is very dangerous talk.
people who live in brum and don’t like it are bad vibes
me breathing in caroline polacheks virus riddled cough so she doesn’t have to be alone in 
I think this is the weirdest argument I have ever seen. You see this bad thing that’s happened when my side won? It could have happened in an imaginary universe where they didn’t win. Think about that!
Minnesotans alone with themselves 1. Dr. Emil King playing cards with Dr. Emil King, 1903 2. Lenore Seymore with bust of Lenore Seymore, 1919 3. Dr. Elias P. Lyon with portrait of Dr. Elias P. Lyon, 1936 4. Joan Mondale with magazine picturing Joan Mondale, 1979 Images: 
Sorry for being alive during the end times.
CBS, TNT, TBS, TruTV should play classic NCAA Tourney games in order of how we would see them! Play the 4 top “play-in” games of all time, followed by 32 classic 1st rd games, 16 second rd games, 4 Elite Eight games, 2 Final Four games and a National Championship game!
I feel bad for the  that just moved into >100,000 sq ft of space in SF at an ungodly cost of >$100 million a year and now nobody will go into the office $DBX
the cutest man 
Neither does the Supreme Court. And it  …
The Apollo 12 "bullseye" world tour has visited Ceylon, including the capital of Colombo yesterday and Sri Dalada Maligawa, the Temple of the Tooth, in Kandy today. #Apollo12 #Apollo50
Still no corroboration for @peston 's story on BBC or Guardian websites.
The fact of the matter is the weird beer outbreak of Corona is just a load of malarkey jack. Come on man. Here’s the deal. Big Donors. Big donors man, they’re great, it’s  on man, we got a load of malarkey to send the way of the jackoff maker of this trash beer. Thanks
This veteran is not stubborn. He *wants* and *needs* our help. He’s disabled because of a drunk driver. He’s not on drugs or alcohol. We’re doing everything in our power to help him. We cannot do this alone. We are not going to give up on him. No way 
In this week’s episode, Lawrence Wright explains how  and go, but a pandemic reshapes 
Happy Birthday @BGibbsy4 
Yes, indeed: even before Corona, Italy's position was almost untenable. Now, with Corona, I predict that they will leave the euro - and perhaps, the EU. If they leave either, the EU will be doomed. And good riddance.
Charter will offer free Spectrum broadband and Wi-Fi access for 60 days to households with K-12 and/or college students who do not already have a Spectrum broadband subscription and at any service level up to 100 Mbps. To enroll call 1-844-488-8395.
Allow me to introduce you to Moke’s Uber driver! (3/13/20) @CharmCityPanda @GAGA_and_MDNA @FamousBabiesC @VandyViking 
what have i 
THANK  …
Packing up ...it’s a ghost town  …
#IG | Lauren on @ClaramJauregui's 
Tune into ⁦ @NPR⁩’s WorldCafe⁩ on March 17th for some pure Poguetry. Here’s a 
This Hoseok Video the only video 
i actually find out everything and the funny thing is i don’t even try
I hate the fact that I take being left on read so damn personal
please go away! the official slogan of the covid-19 social distancing 
Police car in El Paso, undated. Perhaps @iowahawkblog  along and tell us what make and model it is. That Mobil/Magnolia billboard with Pegasus and the horses is 
Two things can be true at once: the coronavirus is no joke, and the left is using it as a political weapon. And knowing they’re using it to bash Trump doesn’t negate the seriousness or the fact that we should all be taking strong precautions to protect the sick and elderly.
My mate who owns loads of pubs. Clubs. Said I'll pay my staff, but the vat man can fuck off. #Coranovirus. Businesses stand together
going out to eat and leaving your leftovers at the spot is such a big L.
Due to the #COVIDー19 pandemic, we had to sadly cancel the 2020 @mcgillu @McGillGHP Summer Institute in Infectious Diseases & Global Health. All participants will receive a full refund. See details at:  
We have updated our message to the  regarding COVID-19 with information on measures currently in place. More: 
Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down; For the LORD upholds him with His hand. Psalm 37:24
go snatched more heart, more new fan baby boy @danielk_konnect #KangDaniel 
Smoove Operator (Prod. @1CamBeats )  
This Tuesday is #StPatricksDay so naturally we have The World's Most Dangerous Shamrock making a big announcement. @ShamrockKen 
#Leftists everywhere must be devastated. @POTUS has NOT contracted #WuhanVirus #COVID19 More #winning #KeepCalmWashYourHands #GodBlessAmerica 
Automatically knew this was virtual reality with the amount of fans in the  …
I am praying for a full recovery for Master Teague and believe in his talent (as well as the young guys) but if Ohio State can get Trey Sermon at least as a supplement it’s good night college football.
Who slayed it better with the fascinators? Retweet for him...Like for Mummy 
Tf am I looking at. My eyes tripping
This is a good talking point —you know why? Guys responded and said men age 18 have to sign up for selective service. Women are  …
Let me stare into those blue eyes, while our bodies melt into eachother and we  one.
Looks like he was having a panic attack.
lookin at this image 
Stay home. We can think of stuff to do online, we can binge watch movies and TV, video chat, read books, do crafts, catch up on chores and projects...fuck. (That was a suggestion, not an interjection.) #SocialDistancing
the megasix tonight made me go 
The correct answer is Petula 
If you're planning to travel in the next month, here is what you need to 
Let us take this time to acknowledge that black men are often the first to protect non-black women. #IfITweet
Bernie frowning as someone pays 50000 bits to blast the Korn-ants marching mashup at the same time as duckjob.wav
If she says she wants to suck your dick, let her suck your dick.
Next weeks schedules are in and a warm  back to Isabella who is back from her hiatus and available next Saturday evening! #FullyBooked
turned to my boyfriend and said “maybe we should’ve gotten anchovies,” and he said “oh i got anchovies.” he was so ready
If you have gofundme pages, charity links you need shared, things you need spoken about, I WILL ALWAYS DO IT. Let’s all utilise this platform.
Please read this important thread on #zoom and digital technologies and how they can be used by university administration for enhanced  …
What can you give your attention to that’s right in front of you?? There’s enough going on outside right now. Use this opportunity to focus on you and reflect inward. There’s both beauty and guidance in making time to listen. 
Watch Live in full HD Brasilia Fight : Kevin Lee VS Charles Oliveira Live stream Link: ↓↓↓↓ Live FREE==>>  Live FREE==>>  Live FREE==>>  Hits Like & Retweet #UFCBrasilia 
This just in. Disney has reopened the Fall 2020 DCP application so that all cp’s affected by this can reapply. Imagining they will have priority.
Day 3 without 
NEED 
It's been an absolute joy covering @FaulknerHoops this year, and I'm very sad their season ended the way it did. To the six seniors who helped the Eagles to a 27-4 record, 18-game winning streak, a regular season #SSAC Championship, and more: thank 
BREAKING: Jacqueline McEntire, mother of @reba, has  …
The inside is mad sloppy but lol chocolate cake, chocolate buttercream w/ caramel & pretzels between each layer. 
michael said i look like a full kors meal 
Everybody better be  …
During a time like this, taking care of your mental health will be VERY important
artemis II crew recovery (2022 
My dream rings  …
We’re all infected.  
Yup, a good amount. We took a few there and had to take them home instantaneously.... One girl broke down in tears saying she wasted her money, so we gave her the rides free and bought her Wendy's on her way  …
Hey @RafaelNadal, hope you didn’t miss your namesake ACING  once again today, earning a spot into the @KentuckyDerby! #athletedoppelgänger  …
Trump, habitually in salesman mode, has long had a tendency to over-promise and overhype deals he is announcing, whether for a new condo development or bilateral trade. Inside the Trump administration’s troubled coronavirus  …
Never a bad time to revisit 
This is some ched 
summary of voting links: publicity ⊱  iqiyi ⊱  … bubble ⊱  … oasis app ⊱  … weibo ⊱  #HanDong 
If i were jj abrams i simply wouldnt put my name when the credits roll
the bars are all full of people celebrating st patrick’s day and I feel like the scientist in a Godzilla movie
we either make or break this for handong. handong has been working hard these past months and we should show our support.
lol imagine killing your grandparents so you could eat at a fuckin Red  …
This is disturbing... #PresidentT @realDonaldTrump #COVIDー19   …
handong could be in A class and still rank low. I would want  to the girls in top 20 rather than have her be eliminated first round bc the fans that had the ability to vote refused to vote since they were against the idea of her debuting with another group.
14th-century sociologist Ibn Khaldoun offered his view about food hoarding (in North Africa). Those living in warmer climate are carefree & often choose not to stock up on provisions, while people surrounded by cold hills tend to be more prone to hoarding food against disaster.
Me: MSNBC Dem-style liberalism, while feinting toward justice, still emphasizes personal responsibility over systemic change. You: For example? 
insomnias i would just like to say that whether this show is a waste of time for handong, is up to us. many of you are disappointed with her final rank (56) and taking your anger out on the mentors or iqiyi. but this show relies HEAVILY on fans. +
NEW UPLOAD: Watch and like #ParangKailanLang COVER FINAL REVEAL @universalrecph #MaineMendoza Views update: 4.7K views Watch and like 
quiet motions is #1 on @SpotifyCanada's indie pop chillout playlist!  
Add it to the list. New season March 27th, so binge and catch  …
This is what civic nationalism eventually leads 
Behind the scenes: Bobby on the 
As long as I know I kept it real on my end, I ain’t trippin.
Mayor Crombie, I could not agree more. We really need to look after each other right now. Over the next 2 weeks, Paramount will be proud to give #gta #foodbanks ready to eat meals to hand out, one food bank a day. #toronto #mississauga @JohnTory @BonnieCrombie  …
US population grew substantially since this morning, I  …
James Dean in a 1955 photo by Phil 
Support Trump? Want to KAG? Want to connect with other Patriots? Follow ME! @JayTheJayhawker RT this Tweet! Add your @handle! Follow ALL! Watch the followers stack 
Truly inspiring to see #PresidentSanders doing this #FiresideChat. This is the leadership we have been lacking all along. Thank you @BernieSanders 
Just a quick curious poll. Do you think martial law  over the Coronaviris plz. Retweet for better results.
#NCT: SEVEN NATION 
Talked to my old neighbor (the man who knows things) about a plan for when the virus impacts our area. He's in the super vulnerable category after chronic pulmonary problems. It's important to sort this stuff out in advance for high risk folk. So, check on those neighbors!
How I be feeling when I’m putting live crabs in the 
The Federal government could have just implemented the Australian Law Reform Commission  on family law court reform, but instead they set up this inquiry as a sop to One Nation who hold the balance of power in the  …
My nct shelf is so 
Absolute queens. 
Lowkey, I been keeping it classy. Could be really out here doing em’ nasty
Talk about "propping up". Do you ever see "ole Joe" Corn pop without Jill's hand UNDER HIS ELBOW?
my thoughts always kill my mood
No one believes Trump, and his record of falsehood is ruining the reputation of a Navy  …
The info is getting worse. We’re going to leave tonight to make it to Cali in a couple days. I’m praying he holds on until 
Live Update: SS18 @nikolay_gryazin was lucky to get away with a spin after the flying finish! "Something has broken but I don't know what - I started to lose the brakes. We need to finish somehow." #WRC2 #WRCLive #RallyMX 
“South Korea's data-driven systems help hospitals manage their pipeline of cases. People found positive are placed in self-quarantine and monitored remotely through an app or checked regularly in telephone calls until a hospital bed  
Seee ehnnnn... I Stan Chris!!!! Whattttttt My good sis Chris!!! #UltimateLoveNG
I don't speak for the partners of all medical professionals, but if you have go at my wife for doing her difficult job in a difficult time to the best of her abilities within  system and with limited resources because you're a bit scared... I will mess you  …
Matches their dirty white pu...  …
Warning, Sensitive Content: Licking hot metal as a lie detector test?.. This Egyptian practice is still 
5’3 but I’m Big General.♟ 
@sarahkendzior said this and I’ll keep repeating this until they’re GONE!  
 back, Mr. Woods!
theeeeeeee best ever  …
DONATE @JoeBiden @PhilEhr VS Matt Gaetz @SaraGideon VS S Collins @KimberlyforIowa VS Joni Ernst @CaptMarkKelly VS M McSally @harrisonjaime Vs Lindsey @AmyMcGrathKY VS Mitch @CalforNC VS Tillis @MJHegar VS John Cornyn @ShannonFreshour VS Gym Jordan @stevebullockmt VS Daines
He’s always been negative.
Me: *plans a months long trip to Europe over the course of a year* A global 
Major W
ughhh his dick is literally so big for this verse 
two type of people in this world and ima chooser 
Just moments ago he mentioned how the #CoronaVirus will be especially difficult to treat among the  who already struggle to receive gov’t support. Proud to have cast my vote for  …
send me happy stuff? just can’t seem to shake this funk.
Remember when press shop released letter “from” Ronny Jackson and his name was spelled wrong? 
Picked this up at the pawn today shop for 450. That's 600 dollar piece. Used with the box & 2 mags. Beat it all the wife was fine with 
We must all begin to practice aggressive social distancing in our daily routines. If you can, please venture out only if necessary. Curbing your social life will *save lives* by helping stop the spread of this virus. We’re all in this together  …
This is the ownership group San Diego  …
Really flew to Atlanta today, went to the Coca Cola factory, the trap music museum, had lunch, and flew back to Orlando 
Runnin out of funny stuff to watch during self quarantine? Binge all two seasons of @awkwardblkgrl the perfect #StayHome remedy  
tf did people do when the internet didn't exist...... THINK ???
He  …
RIP another newborn Godstar 
Who tryna make some dope music today ?
WHOAAAA!!! I meant *delivered to the world today* ...in the general sense...not delivered to me personally!!! THIS IS NOT MY CAR! Thank you for all the congrats and well wishes..now I feel like I gotta go out and get one! Sorry for any 
#SorryNotSorry to @speakerPelosi Trump tests negative for coronavirus: White House doctor statement  #cult45
Quarantine? -or- God-ordained Bible study time?
Sex workers. Up your prices since these men don’t have any sports to watch. Inflation in this bitch
If you can't afford to live your fantasy, do NOT involve non consenting individuals into your personal "fun". It's wrong and abusive! Waiting will not kill you. Selfish 
aight babe i’m in the toilet paper aisle,,,what size ass you wear 
Ain’t tweet shit all day been fighting off demons
I am not a Republican. I am not a Democrat. I am an American. Our party consists of the average gun wielding working American and Veterans that uphold the constitution of the United States of America and our symbol is the BALD EAGLE.
Odd thing is, there seems to be no run on milk or bread, which is typically first to go before snow storm. Yet it’s easier to score meth than a roll of Charmin.
Congess recently passed HR 6201. Why aren't you voting on it until Monday? What possible action could be more important than passing this bipartisan measure immediately? #QuitRobbingOhio
Weed and water cures hangovers
Walk together, Love 
Three things: 1) You aren't taking Colby down 2) Colby will make you gas in the second round 3) Colby is fighting Snoozeman next to get back the title Marc Goddard took from him
hello if you see this on your timeline then i want you to know you deserve so much happiness and you are more than enough. you are stronger than you think and you have a reason to be here. stop being so hard on yourself. you're not alone. stay safe. sending love to all
All my Republican friends are collapsing at my feet, begging forgiveness. I’m like “Not my job to forgive your sins, dude!”
Idgaf how drunk I am I ain’t losing my phone I be holding my shit tight
Taoist fu sigil to prevent warm plague. Remastered edition! Comparison with original provided by @JeffreyKotyk! Had a lot of fun putting little horns on 
There are so many teachers/librarians who respect the work of creators & want to do this the right way. Can we help them by providing some generally agreed-upon guidelines?
the only good thing about all this rona shit is there’s no traffic anymore
were getting a new song and music video from @machinegunkelly and @ianndior 
yes I am with the CDC let's make sure you don't have any 
No school is being cleaned! Our custodians don’t have the supplies for deep cleanings (they told us they don’t) and us teachers have NO supplies to clean our classrooms. These are unsafe work conditions. #closenycschools #CloseTheSchools #CloseTheSchoolsNow
lolol that was fast. Social media has turned our brains into 
"So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand." ~ Isaiah 41:10
I know my feed is... not unbiased... but I feel like there has been A LOT about prisons, jails, and coronavirus (like this from @MartinKaste). That feels like a promising shift in attitudes towards the human worth of those in  …
I make funny send 
