I just listened to @CBCNews interview family of 1 of the 31 residents who died at a private LTC home in Montreal; likely all #COVID19, while @JustinTrudeau offers a bandaid for LTC when its a severed artery. We can do better. @fordnation you surely don't want this on you. #onpoli
CLARK SISTERS TIME YALL
Second #tornado-warned storm for me this year! It bowed out quickly, though. Near Hollis, OK with @McBeeWX 
Some of y’all drink 2% instead of almond milk
Sana ang pagbabalik ng #McDoNiALDEN ang simula ng pagbabalik at pagbangon nating lahat mula sa Covid 19. May God bless this re-opening and may it be the start of a new but better future for all of 
We're all baking now, right? From scratch banana walnut bread, with a walnut and caramel 
I pray my friends are always healthy and happy
I don't need to ever tweet again, I can't top 
DISCLAIMER! Due to Twitter’s new policy, I’m posting a disclaimer and would like to mention that I am not any of the celebrities I post about. This account is not affiliated with any of them. This is purely a fan account for entertainment purposes only.
pics or it didn’t happen
What on earth am I looking  …
you’re so golden, 
New mural in Glynn village near Larne Co.Antrim 
I take 1-2 good pictures and post them EVERYWHERE so here twitter 
After the Rain Hanami Leo frameless cards #閃乱カグラ #SenranKagura  
Cannot believe it doesn’t say LICKER.
The Born This Way Ball > 
throwback 
You can’t build a kingdom with someone who still craves attention from the village
Why do I get the feeling Southern states will be the first ones to 'open back up'??
@JMV1070 shout out to @NRPizzaPub thank you for the delicious dinner from your Brownsburg 
triggered as hell  …
U can’t force a nigga to be ya gay ass boyfriend, it’s really simple
Ppl dat have their alumni on their License plate b havin the Most mid cars Im tryna see a Lamborghini wit a I Graduated At USC sticker damn

Rolling about my room to some mean decibals fool
will i ever not cry over white night 
But what if she just took a picture in front of a big house for clout to advertise her only fans?  …
super social distancing god super 
god he’s back cooking my brand is 
Yeah...like did she go the bathroom?
Women
I'm 
The point is simple, to intimidate politicians into  with wishes of state of israel. Anyone who does not openly support or at least stay silent about Israeli foreign policy no matter how appalling its results, is smeared as a Jew hating anti semite  …
Our neighborhood is doing a drive by egg hunt for the kids tomorrow. So of course, I had to do a little #Posty egg @rriproarin @PostMalone Happy Easter everyone 
Pray for our loved ones, friends, Republic and our President during these troubling times.May the new hope of the resurrection of Christ bring renewed hope for all to restart their lives and the country. Happy Easter. #ccot #tcot #wwg1wga 
delete this aint about them
If I had 7 lives I'd have studied 1. Sociology (Everything) 2. Psychology (Abnormal+Health+Social) 3. History (Ancient+Medieval) 4. Art History (Painting+Textile+Sculpture) 5. Linguistics (Indo-European) 6. Marine Biology () 7. Performing Arts (Theatre+Ballet+Music  …
This is all we have Brad! You made sure of it, twice.
unfing some ppl that i dont interact with or that i dont even know (please say something if you dont interact. this isnt gnna be for new moots only old 
Am I the only Aquarius girl who get sick after some good sex with someone “you love”? lol
In @SenateCA tonight on #COVID19 I asked Minister of Finance @Bill_Morneau about global economic impact & recovery, access to affordable, reliable high-speed internet & on behalf of @SenatorBoyer the unique financial hardships faced by Indigenous peoples. 
im tired of miley's fandom but NEVER of miley cyrus, that's it
He said we built like blocks. Sir, I’ll have you know, I’ve been working on this block shape. Trynna chisel it down a bit so I can pop out of quarantine like woooow lmaaaooo
'We need food': Tunisians struggle under coronavirus 
This whole thing is crazy, but sometimes it's appreciating the little things and experiencing gratitude.  …
Lasagna, which of course is Italian for "the 
This is Defs not Black vs Islanders. It's  people vs each other featuring edgy 
is this image 
We all know you learned your dirty little tricks such as sneaking through changes within rushed omnibus bills at the knee of the right dishonourable Stephen harper. So don't pretend you understand democracy.
escutando Ray of 
Spam is a delicacy where I’m from We are not the same
#COVID19 & the Media, today's topic for discussion at #Namibia's COVID-19 Communications Centre. Our @zoetitus is sure to emphasise the centrality of the media in the response to the pandemic to give citizens #ATI to help them protect themselves & curb the spread of the 
Good morning, sweetheart you were great last 
It’s shocking that 43% of the people in this country still like this guy
shawty's like a minecraft in my head
in light of recent 
Ain’t shit to do but get this money
It should be, though.
Please take a moment to read about her remarkable life in this @nytimes obituary:   …
Can't Imagine any "Celebs" Coming back to Award themselves anything What have they done during this time of Sickness and Death? Make Sad Selfies? We have witnessed the Real Heroes at the Hospitals, Drs Nurses Fire Police Truckers Farmers Ranchers Grocery Store Clerks & Stockers
Enjoy their best-tasting products as we celebrate Easter today, through take-out, drive-thru and McDelivery service! Happy Easter everyone! @aldenrichards02 @TheFaulkersonCo #McDoNiALDEN #ALDENRichards • faulkersonriza 
I thought this bitch Kaguya was trending but it was just another anime LMAO. but while we're on the topic: this bitch should not have been the final boss. it should've been madara. what an asspull tbh. #FuckKaguya 
Of all the damning details in this account of Trump admin’s non-response to coronavirus, don’t sleep on “focused on the Phase One deal with China.” That trade “deal” is empty. Vapor. An agreement to work on the big issues later, done to hoodwink Americans ahead of the  …
When you make a little's dinner, but serve it with a martini on a Crate & Barrel tray this is a vibe, 
Y’all don’t even be wanting love fr fr
what’s the point of being horny if u don’t grow horns </3
Everytime I have to raise my voice at my kids I’m sent into a coughing fit. Me: look, you’re making daddy sick again Kids: ...ok.......
This affair has made me wonder how much confidently shared expert knowledge is just trickled just down parroting
Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam signed bills Saturday offering new protections for LGBTQ people and giving cities and counties permission to remove Confederate  …
Me too kid, me  …
telling my children this was ariana grande performing only 1 at 
My 11 y/o daughter taught herself to bake croissants. She started selling them to our neighbors. We set up a @Qualtrics order form, she designed her own business cards, and she made $119 today. #homeschooling 
i notice everything
simp this simp that i simply want to be the reason she has panic attacks
Actual prisoners being released from provincial jails & addicted people wandering the streets aimlessly, not following social distancing rules... People setting themselves on fire & crime rampant TO Mayor Tory issues a statement to go after dog  …
Bagel bites are just Italian deviled eggs
if you stanned 1D before up all night came out you truly deserve an award because we watched and listened to the same content over and over again waiting for new music... i couldnt tell you how many times I rewatched the video diaries and the X factor performances
I need to change my name...someone should  one for me
Folks, is anyone having luck in Toronto with grocery delivery? I’m asking academically, we’ve got a full pantry. Just wondering how it’s working. I’d seen a lot of talk about weeks-long delays for delivery.
This is excellent & despite all the best efforts of @SkyNews, @Channel4News, @BBCNews to rubbish, ridicule, undermine Government in middle of a pandemic & spread alarm. They must be so cheesed off that voters see right through their Left agenda. Go Boris
Over-policing is NOT a remedy for the  …
it's bordo time. and we're doing 
We are hosting an exciting @PlayApex tournament Sign up, slay out, and win. Gain the exposure you deserve on April 26th. Watch it all happen LIVE on @WatchMixer with the  from @diehardgg & @SpartakusLIVE #ByFaithAlone #SolaVerse  …
#McNicol I’m sure Andrew Marr will be all over this Iain McNicol story tomorrow Laura Kuenssberg and Peston will no doubt also be looking into it too
Time to clean up my 
Dear God, Please protect everyone from evil and harm, make them safe and guarded. Thank you for answered prayers. In Jesus name.
*Les dm bug sur Twitter* Mes 
It’s times like this I’m glad I don’t have a “real” job
white people love hanging tennis balls in their garage so they know when to stop pulling the car forward
Oh man category theorists are so funny haha. Love being told that X ist just a functor from Y to Z, and then finding out that defining Y takes like 400 pages. Such a good joke.
i want her so  …
i mean .. if you're putting your brand on the line you want to work with people who know what they're doing. it would be a kind of moronic marketing move to throw that much viewership at people unprepared for it aside from anything, you want established moderation teams
Y’all don’t believe in science and expertise in America, aye?
Just made 3 guitar + flute loops in a row. don't even @me
So excited to spend Sunday afternoon with fellow writers. Just DM @writersclub_ny on IG with your name and will shoot you the Zoom link. Meet & greet starts at 12:30. Workshop begins at 1:00. Hope to see you there 
I can't 
If you have a kid aged from 9 -14 this giveaway is for them ! Shoot me a picture of them by their @Xbox One and I might send you 1 of the new games ! ( must be following) #RandomActOfCoolness 
Dak's neighbors in quarantine on Easter while he and Zeke throw a party.. @JeffGSpursZone @andyspell_84 @hutcheyesun @MikeTaylorShow 
Preparing Meal for Easter Sunday!!! Be Blessed 
