"It's not about if we're going to get it, it's when we're going to get it": Coronavirus is taking a huge toll on NYC's EMTs  
Danhausen is joining the Janelazone tonight  …
This is part of a bigger issue: At some point people will start to realize that not one major US celebrity or sports or political figure has died or even been hospitalized (as far as I can tell) - and that fact too will help lift the fog of panic.
 - bruna - 15 - she/her - john b love 
The Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings upon him) said: “Charity extinguishes sin, just as water extinguishes  …
I thought about this crossover with little misfortune and laivan for quite a while now so here it is :D 
SHOWTIME —> Congratulations to TOP 12 Rubio Long Snapper Liam McCullough on signing with the Las Vegas Raiders! #RubioFamily 
Sundays are for resting. But there’s no rest for the wicked,  do those wicked things to me
Feed your Imaan with more knowledge it helps your Imaan grow.
Allah's plans are better than our dreams.
"He replied to a girl, call him a 
WHAT IS UP DRAMA ALERT NATION IT'S YOUR HOST, THEGODLYNOOB, Today, we CAUGHT UBISOFT LYING 
@LaTrioli added great value to the discussion today. Please have her back regularly #insiders
Spencer!!!! What will we do without our #99? Love you and excited to see the next step of your journey! Go do big  …
I want more friends on this bird 
It's Miss Black and she is with a man from the art contest! They tell Mr. Brown he has won first prize! They tell Mr. Brown that his painting was very creative! Mr. Brown sees the painting and realizes Paddington had something to do with this! 
48 hours to go before our @kickstarter campaign ends! We're revealing our next Stretch Goal for $200K - #Nintendo #Switch version! Want to #PlayAnywhere? Consider backing Gamedec on #Kickstarter :) Update  Kickstarter  
so bc someone‘s nice to you you‘re FORCED to return their feelings? it really isn’t that  …
While the Barrel Room can’t host any of our normal D&D games or have friends visit and hangout, we decided it needed a bit of a little facelift. We had lots of barrels around and thought they’d look great on the wall! Can’t wait to get this place finished and looking stellar 
I despise @trump, I do, but you cannot blame him. It’s the idiots that decided to ingest it that’s at fault. He can, and will, say whatever he wants but guess what? I am sure as hell not listening
here u go doin the same shit
I am so very sorry for everything that @BarackObama @JohnBrennan @comey and the rest of the coup plotters have done to your wonderful family. A grateful nation thanks you all. Much love @GenFlynn
I should be at the fucking beach

For those who don't know, this was one of the  abused exploits in Vehicle Sim that didn't require an external program to cheat w/.
@UDems is gonna save us in 2020
Glad he went to a team I already  …
That happy face my heart 
the things i’d do just to be billie eilish’s gf
We are part of a great #giveaway Powered by @PlayrGG! Tag some friends Like and RT Click link and Hit all the buttons  … The Ultimate Gamer  – at Kansas City, MO
Oh wow I was one letter off while typing in the car, you got 
eat up blinks 
I submit ONE assignment & send out some emails & will dead feel like the baddest bitch on the block
looking at all the selfies i've posted saying "that's elm" to remind myself
alina if you are reading this i’m free on friday night and would like to hang out please respond to this and hang out with me on friday night when i am  …
Our mighty team from the Friends of #Dedham Heritage #RailTrail, just cleaned up another 11 bags of trash along the Mother Brook bridge and waterway along Colburn Street. @RepPaulMcMurtry @railstotrails @MassLtGov @MAPCMetroBoston 
Okay but I kinda do want 
God bless the ppl that attach pictures to their reviews
Clearly I’m no dancer, but watch me be fit by the end of the year doing these 
As the  to a close, it’s important to remember that we are the #FreeCashCrew for a reason. If you followed our lead, you cashed out, led by @DHaynesPFN & @rygosling  for over 25 Units total 
Lost files in Hollywood Who wants to do a photoshoot 
First I would like to apologize to all my friends that are race car drivers. Also at the risk sounding like a grumpy old man. The absolute worst thing  out of this whole COVID-19 quarantine stay home deal is…  …
A note on Thaddeus Moss not getting drafted. Many UDFAs end up having a better chance of making a team or more money purely by getting the chance to sort of pick their team. The Redskins released Jordan Reed and Vernon Davis retired. While they didn’t draft him, they need him.
I have to  …
CONGRATULATIONS LUKE!!! 
If you have just recovered from Covid-19, please we will like to hear from you... #Covid_19 #coronavirus  …
Former @Franktonbball star @kayden_key30 has won many a battle in his day, and now moves to @AURavensMBB as he fights off the toughest opponent he's ever faced. Himself. My story on an incredibly brave and candid young  …
Controversial take, T'Challa. He was raised in an extremely isolationist nation
ROCK PAPER SCISSORS GO FUCK YOURSELF
THE MOST STUNNING EVER PLS I LOVE HER SO 
11 months 1 month PLAYBOY 
obsessed with their 
Hi @OnAirRomeo ! We'd love to hear ON by @BTS_twt ft. Sia on #MostRequestedLive please!! #BTS #방탄소년단 
Anyone checked if IdiotOrange has shares in a  …
you bitter white birds  for black women for WHAT like miss girl ur giving straight big bird in the face... you need to put some thought and prayer into how you can fix that cause its fucking up MY vibes and i really couldnt imagine LOOKING like  …
Best the Mall has looked in  …
Juniper enjoying a rather wiggly guest in her coils~ This fantastic piece was done by the amazing 
Happy Birthday Renee Zellweger! #reneezellweger #birthday #judy #happybirthday #snl @nbcsnl maryellenmatthewsnyc @Saturday Night Live  …
Where else are you gonna go.....besides to the GOP around age 30? Look bro, binary choice. It Took me two years to work my way to saying I'll vote for a white guy near 80. This I know, he's beaten the NRA in 1994 and could do that  …
Behind The Scenes Coffee & Kareem 
My last threesome was with bacon and eggs.
operator: 911, what's your emergency me: i'd like to report a murder. i just killed another bowl
Smith on Antonio Gandy-Golden: "He's big, he's physical and has elite ball skills." Added that you want to have a basketball-type lineup at wide receiver. Adding AGG helps create that. #Redskins
America is the Florida of the world.
Since the dinner was scheduled to take place tonight,  …
Lesley, a white women from Dudley, the one who was spitting is hardly going to be from Pakistan now is she  …
damn.. lol
I've never seen sorrel patterned quite like this, but this random, isolated little patch that I found today still has been smiling. I believe it's #violetwoodsorrel, but if not, certainly some variety of 
miss u king 
I adore @maceybrown1998 
i'm sure i'm not the first one to do this.... but ann dressed as celestine. #Persona5Royal #p5r 
The NBS crew is trying so hard. Banetera notweyambulira 
Behold! Demon @Mr13eyond Not quite what I had in mind at first, but I think I've reached my Good Enough™ 
i’m calling it dreams event >> minecraft monday
Verdict: Holly isn’t a fan of kennel free car rides. Still cute tho 
de Blasio of NYC has released 1,500 inmates, yes...to protect these criminals from corona virus...Who is going to protect the people of NY as crimes & theft go up?Liberalism is a mental disorder...I wonder, can a Mayor be sued
Afro streets
Joons thighs when he sit down..... ummmm
Get some @F3Columbia looking forward to seeing a BIG virtual crowd  …
7% of society is a Psychopath 1% lives in the White House
I'd take dementia over willful ignorance all day.
Quote: “I had a different relationship in the previous life with a person I am deeply connected with in this world, and in the next life I will always be close with another relationship" They were lovers in the past life Friends (or boyfriends) in this life & in the next life?
"I just want to implore everyone to stay safe and stay healthy. It's important," Dolphins coach Brian Flores on Covid-19.
me every time my  home from the grocery 
2 days away. 
Please help us continue to be a lifeline for FQHCs, long term care facilities, and residential mental health facilities. We need donations. Donate if you're able, but please share.  
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized, cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
kim jong un surgeon fleeing north korea to south korea after kim’s death 
Major staffing issues inside @AZCorrections Eyman  RIGHT NOW. I'm told more staff NOT present than at work. Something like 68 staff present / 80 staff down. Dangerous #. Officers don't feel safe -- bottom line
“When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When people fear the governments, there is tyranny.” - - Thomas Jefferson
When it’s actually true, spreading it has little consequence. When it’s false or a stretch of the truth, it has major consequences (e.g. WMDs in Iraq). I err on the side of caution and am vigilant w/ checking sources before spreading things, especially when it fuels the warhawks
 …
I put so much time into this and I can't thank @mckennaa306 for helping me with the B-roll shots. Go check out my newest video and drop a like! There's some real nerd ass shit in this one 
Play is human freedom at its height. It’s worth so much more than work.
Marshmallow + Red Wine = 
Best Beenox #SpiderMan game?
. @ewarren endorses @KayserEnneking for HD 21 via @DrewWilsonFL  
u finna pull up if u invited or not
While in quarantine, use this time to get closer with God and to better yourself. Use this as an opportunity
More Dotty! Though a two-tone shower would have been better but 
Game 2 vs Insom during Pound Online 
You were on LIVE tv doing it. You asked SEVERAL COMPLETELY UNHINGED QUESTIONS that would kill people, she responded, out loud, in real time, LIVE ON TV. A 4 year old understands that would kill people. You’ve clearly had a break down, & that @VP isn’t acting, is criminal.
I’m going to southern & alcorn for  …
Will Sunderland @packers Congrats to @kp_projectt on his free agent deal with Green Bay #DTW | #OneTROY 
Ahmad Wagner averaged 16.9 yards per catch this season. #BBN @Ahmad_Wagner  …

These are #FriendsNotFood #NationalPrimeRibDay 
Choose wisely... 
there’s a reason i’ve always been team stark 

Iowa State says Ray Lima is signing as an undrafted free agent with the Miami Dolphins, which had former Iowa State cornerback Jomal Wiltz on the roster earlier this season. ESPN analyst Todd McShay said last fall there is still a place in the NFL for defensive tackles like Lima.
SATURDAY NIGHT=GAME NIGHT AKA you should play my new spin wheels I just made The least you could do for a goddess like me is give me what i want kik: @xobutterflyxo2 cashapp: $xobutterflyxo { findom finsub joi sph cei humanatm paypig cashcow edging 
PAY ATTENTION TO WHEN & WHY THEY HIT YOU UP
Girls after eating a full paratha in 
a look inspired by @jansportnyc’s spring runway! i wasn’t able to go browless for this one, but hopefully i’ll be able to someday so i can do this look justice! 
New Keyblade design! This one is based on NieR: Automata! The Keyblade is made up of scrapped Machine Lifeform parts, so it’s a little worse for wear. But don’t worry, it still works perfectly fine! Glory to Mankind #KingdomHearts #KingdomHeartsIII #KH #NieR 
NEW: Tara Reade condemns Democratic and media silence, demanding equal treatment to "other survivors" like Christine Ford. "I'm sorry that I'm politically inconvenient but my perpetrator was Joe Biden," she told me. "And people need to deal with  …
Nobody: Rich 
Violating their constitutional rights.
Happy birthday, Dj, anak! (Oh wow! Hahaha) Tita lang talaga ako, promise! But, I just wish you great health always, contentment in life and more importantly, for you to finally start your forever with @bernardokath Happy birthday @imdanielpadilla ! Love you so much!
Some people get a lil money & forget about how you was there for them when no one was.
Guys!! I have something important to say!!! My family’s getting a puppy today!  soon!
The great thing about multi-level marketing is that they seem to force your ex-girlfriends to try to sell your wife skin products.
There was already an imbalance of power between employees and employers, high unemployment exacerbates this. While I accept tough times mean we should all work together,  good times never seem to mean employee contribution to profits gets better recognised?
I have a naughty humin! KJ went on eBay & bought this card! She has been looking for it forever! It reminds her of us. It is going to be framed someday, but we have to get my portrait from the lovely @LilDeanoBear framed 
People who throw their trash out of their cars & cant just wait to throw it into a trashcan are the WORST kinds of people
Mr Miyazaki knows what the fans want
why are they like 
hoseok the NON weeb in bts even likes one piece!!!! so whenever someone says “hoseok doesn’t like anime”, one piece is excluded from that narrative thank you very much 
I think from now on I‘m only going to tweet about things that start with B, like - boobs - blow jobs - beards - buying literally everything I will never need from Amazon because I’m fucking stuck inside
NO! He cheated people, used bankruptcy laws for his own benefit, and used his rich friends to appear wealthy. He was and is a con man. It’s hard to pull the wool over most NY’s eyes. They had his number right away, even when he was young and just starting out in business
ok, now I'm going to try the #PinkArt Hashtag! I think these pieces qualiefied as pink art, Right 
Good morning from Japan to you all Am i running to 7/11 on an emergency fried chicken run at 8AM? Yes, yes i flipping am. Dont forget some of that good ol self love today all 
I would totally play golf with  …
This is exactly how Scylla Ramshorn would respond to a fan asking her to step on their throats #MotherlandFortSalem 
when i give u dat 
 to the black 
Stop playin wit Shad n Riley
I love how when u hide replies it does  opposite and gives it its own highlighted section
This is unbelievable stuff!! Will be promoting your stuff going forward
How is dying 10 million fold fault of Black people and also minimizing the Holocaust ?
Good Morning to all NTV influencers Ya'll won't be paid
This is how I'm calling in sick from now on! I'm literally just going to email this to HR! #VagrantQueen 
I’m excited for my keychains/charms  
my attitude of “it’s hot” is here so I apologize in advance
And when you call the educated woman "sister" and the guy who spent one year in Egypt or Yemen or, etc.  …
"Entrepreneurial  from envisioning the world the way it could work versus the way it does now.. Great entrepreneurs create their own reality, and then ours with it." @JeffBooth from his great book, the Price of Tomorrow:  
Belichick said the Patriots' virtual offseason program has gone surprisingly well so far. "Better than expected." Patriots will have a virtual rookie minicamp, as well.
carti X thug 
A message from Rep. Morales reminding you of The East End Drive-Thru Free Mask Distribution happening tomorrow (04/26) beginning at 1PM at Houston Community College Southeast Campus, 6815 Rustic St. Over 5,000 mask Children's Books Hand 
told my dad about my breakup and he provided me with some wisdom; "if they could do it once, they can do it again".
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee. Psa 122:6 KJV.
Doing another Insta Live tomorrow before the race. 10:30AM EST on my Insta page (kurtbusch). Swing by and I just might invite you into the 
Sharing rates only illuminates a small part of the problem. Sharing CONTRACTS gives us a more full view. We're still beta-testing, but if you were given one of these awful contracts, please get in touch >>>   …
My home 
Our sunset is pretty tonight Hope your day was wonderful! #Maine 
girls who girls who say hiiii say 
The New Heavens & The New 
Ever typed good English and think no marn akazondiva lo
why you should stan early 60s beatles: a 
From Jamaica to the Swiss Alps, James Bond foiled the deadliest foes and charmed the loveliest ladies... and a couple podcasters along the way! I had the honor of joining the great @TheLastMachine for this epic discussion of 1960s #007 on @thepinksmoke  
man if twitter made a close friends, plead the fifths would get reckless
Brandon Beane on why he drafted Georgia QB Jake Fromm #BillsMafia 
thank u to anyone to listens to or plays my music :)
Indianapolis Colts general manager Chris Ballard says on his videoconference with reporters that the team was actually trying to move UP to get Danny Pinter. Praised @dannypinter75 character. Sees a future for him in the league at guard/center.
jen carries the entire bounty hunter movie
Jan says let thelma on 
Should I do a "best and worst dick of the day" when I finish rating? Extra $3 if you want to be one of those. Domme • finD • finsub • paypig •
Estoy en busca de equipo para jugar la NTL semi pro. pueden contactarme a MD para tryouts y todo lo que sea necesario. I am looking for a team to play the NTL semi pro. You can contact me at MD for tryouts and whatever is necessary.
Yess, I don’t understand how people are saying  …
if only they still made them like 
When they can't find anything wrong with you, they create it.
Plans not going like they thought, they didn’t Trump could get so much done , not enough deaths, Tara Reade, ohhh and their star candidate Biden
Zoom Chat Week 3 in the ! Greatly appreciate @UNFBBALL @Topp33 for dropping GOLD on us today! Love and appreciate the coaches that viewed for having a desire to get better. 125+ Coaches the last 3 weeks. Stay tuned for Week 4! 
You don’t like the piss varietals?
The best mems are made electing Dems! - AZ Ballot Cure. 2018 - Day one in Cedar Rapids Beto Office - First Region 2 Shabbat - 5 Days later...Kyrsten Sinema is elected  
Sometimes I gotta pull myself back from giving af about the wrong shit & the wrong people.
girls who say bruh and girls who say 
Later that day all the Brown's are having tea! The Brown's children, Judy and Jonathan are worried that Paddington is not feeling well (he has spots from the paints)! They are all waiting to hear about the art contest when a  to the door! 
 - ana lara - 15 - she/her - brazil - sarah and kiara 
DOC and the Sheriffs’ lack of transparency, aided and abetted by the entire Executive Branch, has created a desperation for information among families and a  among journalists for the latest “numbers” - numbers which are PEOPLE, people whose lives are in danger.
Ricky Gervais, 4 years  …
“Lots of mask and people are pretty spaced 
. Back to the topic 
100%  …
Thread: Universities are worlds of creativity, analysis, and growth - we face a catastrophic shrinking of those worlds unless university management, academics, and students stand in SOLIDARITY against decades of  …
i wanna throw my feelings out the window and never feel them again
Two out of 3 wishing we were in B’Town celebrating Little 500, the other one is happy to be quarantined in Boiler Country! Thanks for helping us remember to celebrate! @mamanewt7 @skinny_pete03 
Flo implores everyone to "stay safe, stay healthy."
We're so fortunate to have Roma Street Parkland at our doorstep. Went for a Sunday morning stroll when we got up and instantly felt better. #Brisbane 
Such a special episode. I remember being absolutely blown away by it as a kid. It broke me in a way I never 
I’d prefer not 
I always think of 
24 million people are in need of humanitarian help. Yemen is suffering from a food crisis. Help the vulnerable yemenis eat well this Ramadan. The prophet ﷺ said “The best charity is that given in Ramadhan.”  …
Blessed to receive an offer from the University of St. Thomas ! #GoCelts 
Underdog ain’t nothing new .
When he’s said “you’re my best friend”
i just want to b held
Found a sports page I hung on to from when Tiger Woods won the ‘08 US Open but check out the back page. “ @FresnoStateBSB aim to be best in show” the College World Series. I’d say they did alright! 
The fun continues for the @JJB_Foundation Virtual Basket Ball, and we're dressing down for the after party! Stay with us on @CNYCentral Facebook, Twitter and  I PROMISE you, the next hour is full of exciting, funny and downright entertaining 
sorry ik i said i was only going to talk about chanhee today 
also didn’t find this myself!  
do y’all know what the word quarantine means lmao
Way to convenient. Didn’t the Florida detective die unexpectedly too? It says the detective died of a “brief illness”. And then did his partner or friend flea to Russia with copies of the tapes and with a dead man’s  …
Happy Birthday 
this is me 
i miss playing ball
On est sur Facebook la genre  …
calling the cops on anyone who’s linking wit their friends, getting their hair done/hair cuts and getting their nails done.
Onong @imdanielpadilla, thank you for guiding our @littlelhexine25 in her journey & for loving @bernardokath. God bless and take care! 
Do not let anyone tell you that you must make a choice between your softness and your sharp edges. A wise person knows that in order to survive, you must be both petal and thorn.
Growing up a coaches kid was special. I loved spending time at the FH with my dad and the other coaches and athletes. Watching the draft this weekend with the kids hanging out with their dad brought back those memories. Well done #NFLDraft #THSCA
YOUR MAIN EVENT OF THE EVENING! For the WEW World Heavyweight Championship WEW World Champion The Real One @WWEREALONE Vs Tyler Knight @XThe_SyndicateX Real One is the first & only #WEW World Champ to date! Tonight he faces the winner of the Countdown match, Tyler Knight!
Nontonin tv show favorit dia doesn't make him stay. Note to self.
mohamed hadid constantly talking about the legitimacy of palestine on his instagram is a mood. what a king protect him at all 
They are so cute This is 
First, my audience isn't one-dimensional. We all live in a social, economic, and political context. We have feelings, families, histories. "Business" exists within these contexts. If my ideas about business are divorced from their human context, how helpful are they really?
katie mcgrath wearing all of those outfits  …
7.6)  stumped, talk about the big beautiful wall. Make it a game, see how few words you have to use to get to the wall 7) Don’t let Larry Kudlow anywhere near the press
Over here on Earth 1 we are still losing 2,000+ people a day to Covid-19. Not sure why anyone is re-opening anything right  …
Amber Heard also abused her former  …
Luke was the only one at Anakins funeral.....can’t do it 
Judge said Gettleman has been awesome with the draft process, whole organization has been great.

That one little thing that someone says about you can just shatter your confidence in a heart beat
ohhhhh, i get it. states being proactive against covid are blue states, and they’re moving to vote by mail to keep folks safe. meanwhile the president is trying to defund the usps.
Proud of you! You know what you need to  …
Georgia RB Brian Herrien to sign with the #Browns
Is anyone else at the point of quarantine where you don’t have the emotional energy to watch movies 
it’s been a while since we got one of those truly helpful handwashing tutorials so pls allow my toddler to school you in method, duration, enthusiasm, & vigor 
WEW’s First Ever Inferno Match “Mr. Untouchable” AJ Manuel @AxeMan907 Vs Jadis “The Wicked” @brienutbutter_ Barbed Wire was not enough! The last time these two battled to a draw, tonight there must be a winner! Who will burn?! #WEW
WE STAN HER NEW BIO PLS 
Women that stop and taste your dick while you're fucking them go to heaven..
Scotty Washington joins Jessie Bates in  …
friendly reminder that Jojo Siwa is taller than all of the Jonas Brothers
This quote was amazing & one my my highlights from #AAS20 Loss & Healing Conference! There is so much power in putting words to our experiences and sharing our story in the way that works best for us. #LossSurvivors @AASuicidology @afspnational  …
me turning my mic on to laugh at a joke my professor made cuz i’m failing and need to suck up 
I can: Make it through this crisis! Prosper in tough times! Be positive Be prayerful Be Faithful Win souls Encourage somebody Keep sowing Continue Tithing  Boredom Be a better mate Read God’s word more! Forgive  hurts! Are you an I CAN! Person?
my heart yearns to go to japan so much. i had more than enough money to go in 2019 and unfortunately, didn’t know anyone who would want to go with me, so best believe I will be going by myself once it’s safe to travel.
Enjoyed the beautiful weather today. Closing it out with a killer white #wine and sticking with Piemonte #salute 
Quick reminder: In the 9 games after the All-Star break, the Clippers had the #1 net rating in the NBA by a wide margin (+11.5). They were scoring 117.3 points per 100 possessions during that span (1st in the West, 2nd overall)
Omg he pulled out an underground ticket at the press conference of his 
Pikachu and Eevee blessings your timeline with flowers! 
I need a therapy session right about now 
Fear can be a potent 
Here's the full artwork from the new Magic: The Gathering - Secret Lair Godzilla Lands 
I’m listening to @mariskreizman interview @wordscience online in the next room and it’s such a good conversation, and it’s a very nice way to have spent an hour!
Good morning Tarakians Let's start #SultanNTRBdayMonthCDP @tarak9999
Where is Sweeney Todd when you need him? 
True Detective Season 4: @BigTicket73 & 
Future UNC Tarheel Dontrez Styles at the Hot 100!!! As soon as the COVID-19 threat passes the Hot 100 Boys Middle School Showcase WILL return to action!!! #Hot100 #GMRHoops #GetMeRecruited @BucketReel @D_styles4 @Scout4GMR @GMR_CoachPop @GMR_VP @gmrHOT100 
Funny how TRUMP MEGADONORS with big businesses are getting relief windfalls, while there’s nothing left for legitimate small  …
 to @FemininaTags The garden of good and evil. Use your imagination, your fantasy, be sexy & have fun. We want to know what you have & have not done, as we play: #WhatIDidInTheGardenOfGoodAndEvil Undress slowly to the point of no return 
Jace Whittaker will reportedly begin his NFL career right up the road in  …
miyazaki said lupin ass rights
#StaySafe #BeHappy For 
Every night is the same
Justin Bieber via Instagram Stories. 
Like it’s to quiet, let me go be annoying  …
Let me just leave this here Sir Alex Ferguson's record vs José Mourinho 16 games 3 wins 7 losses 6 draws Does your logic still apply here  …
Jk and hwasa the only maknaes 
Establishing prominent characters in the background makes for a more satisfying payoff for the 
How a party of 3 and an outgoing has been like Elizabeth May has managed to corrupt Canadian politics and their destruction of an industry that they use 10x’s more than the average person stinks of organizations like the Trudeau foundation, Tides and backings like Butts!
i say it because healing  and that’s not always  isnt always easy because that requires self discipline & an unshakeable willingness to do the work, especially when we begin to see things that we don’t want to face.
In case anyone was wondering, I've beaten 
insulation for pipelines and golf courses  …
Finally a reliable source of North Korea  …
that week may need to turn into a few months, or maybe even a few years in order to see noticeable progress. and when i say this, i don’t mean it in a way to deter people from starting their healing journey with something.
R.I.P. Hamilton Bohannon, March 7, 1942 - April 24, 2020. Here he is drumming in Bohannon’s video for “Disco Stomp” in 
* all attempts to stop this with conventional monetary policy will fail. Current "stimulus" from Congress is just to try to stem societal breakdown. This will take years to fix, and our current leaders are not up to the task. All levels, all sides. Private sector, public sector.
“We call on all who class themselves as republicans […] to vote solidly for the Sinn Féin candidates in every area and not to be misled by smooth-talking politicians who claim to be republicans and make loud noises when it suits…" - Seamus McElwaine, killed on 26 April 1986
WARMINGTON: Ford fired up over ‘bunch of yahoos’ protesting emergency measures | Toronto  …
Do these people forget that a boss "flirting" and "touching" you is wrong in itself and it should disqualify him? Even their excuses are disgusting.  …
Kim Jong Un’s brain dead status puts him now as the world’s second dumbest head of state.
Phil and everyone around him only started to care about Demi problems the moment she punched 
Black lighting
Guys.. Please try n not spoil  on oil in my recipes specially iftar ones. Alhamdollillah, so far we are healthy enough to enjoy every blessing, every food that we are allowed by religion. Also, I am a doctor. I think I know and care about what I feed my family.
Aight so I too pics 
He gets to keep blocking Derrick Brown in  …
Good morning. Smile ka muna, good vibes lang dapat
BuT MiChIgAn CaN't DeVeLoP 
After test-clacking them I like to use them to pick up random items
When asked if Earl might get tired running the ball all the time, Bum said "Hell, that ball ain't heavy."
this is my first time playing keyboard and mouse, why do kbm  this is so 
#TalkingPictures has another great little set of props, pics being passed across a rigged up wire thing. The Mark David multi-panel toon showcased is a beauty, draws attention to Liberal factional hatreds a permanent feature, *that book* is just the latest manifestation #Insiders
Insta doesn’t deserve this 
This is so amazing love it a must  …
My friend Bonnie just surprised me with a socially distant #BirthdayEve visit! She made @sprinkles cupcakes & brought me the best presents, including a homemade #DrFauci friendship bracelet! But the really really best part of my 
i just filled my tank w $13 US 
Holy cow! My buddy Ryan just sculpted and painted this 3-3/4 scale Baby Yoda! 
Bitter end to the @LeMansEsports after getting punted at Eau Rouge sending me to the back, and a DC later in the race to top it off. Has been a pleasure driving under @AMS_RacingTeam with @AMS_Huracan and @AMS_Storm, appreciate the call up! GG to the top 6, will be a good final! 
Don’t even  …
A  to the door and it is Miss Black who is collecting the paintings for the art contest! She is at the door to get Mr. Brown's painting! Paddington goes and gets the painting and gives it to Miss Black who tells Paddington the results will be out later today! 
i still struggle with that little voice that’s like “you know you’re faking it. just be straight.”
Appreciate @vanOnselenP and @LaTrioli standing up for the ABC against Sheridan’s cowardly bullshit last week for their last word. #insiders
#p5rspoilers Imagine Goro texing Ren out of the blue months after they defeated Maruki. Goro: my hand is cold please give me my glove back Ren: *choking on his coffee*
Do us a favor John, how about you try giving us more Beall and less Agnew?
It took time for Black Widow to learn the skills and  a master of The Contest. #marvelcontestofchampions #contestofchampions 
Bill Gates is credited with creating one of the  viruses. How long does it take for an entrepreneur to learn that if you can make  virus, you can also make a ton of money from removing it? I just wonder if this lesson has crossover applications? Comment.
Our father, heal our land. Release Ghana and the world from the snare of corona Virus. Forgive us our sins and Have mercy on us. It is well Amen.
there's pain then there's 
Why does this guy still have a 
Fake feminists and political bias trolls owe Tara Reade a giant apology.
The fact Joseph Charlton hasn't signed yet makes me think he is weighing offers from every NFL team. Only thing that makes sense.
popped off and made this green velvet set out of this dress from 
Missing my fav person every night
i miss weird and unforgettable conversations with strangers at 1am on the f or q or 2 train sometimes people show you their whole heart in 10 minutes & you show yours back bc why not? & it’s a little secret between the two of you forever
Me when the roller coaster is going up vs when I see the 
The difference 25 years makes. What will the next 25 bring?  
XAVIER JONES TO LA LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! @The_XavierJones @RamsNFL THE RAMS GOT A DAWGGGG BOAAAA
Not to be a freak but u can tell Lauren smells nice like you just know she  …
Unless the cure is drinking bleach.
How you mad at me when you the one that couldn’t act right? I’ll never understand it
Whether you like it or not, they  to stay, you will see them 24/7 in your faces. If you can’t take the heat, leave the kitchen Periodt! #MercyXIkeTheShow 
| Lia from K-Pop girl group @ITZYofficial added ‘Lover’ to her Wannabe @Spotify 
#BillGatesOfHell (the effective owner of W.H.O) DID NOT HAVE HIS CHILDREN VACCINATED. STOP this #DrStrangelove - #Fauci killer-vaccine depopulation tool of Globalist fascism US will not participate in WHO vaccine project after Trump turned against  …
Spotify 
Premium couple premium show Premium entertainment Premium suspense Premium drama Don't miss it Congratulations #MercyXIkeTheShow 
Exodus 8:4 – And the frogs  up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants. Psalm 78:45 – He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed 
Matt James is way more than "your season" Clare.... this tweet is actually pathetic I'm embarrassed
Exodia Set, God Cards set, Orichalcos + Dragons Set, and both set versions of the Sacred Beasts from Trident OriCa 
Watch: The difference between Class and Ass. You will roll over with Laughter! 
How Shutdowns Will Keep Killing The Economy, Even When They're Over #Breaking #Markets #Economy #News  …
Thus far, we've been unable to determine exactly how this spam operation was coordinated; we searched various other platforms for planning/discussion and came up empty. We do, however, note that the accounts doing it disproportionately retweet #MAGA 
Am imagining if it was Sark who did a video to insult ReggieRockstone Like dis industry players would drag Sark for weeks , bh Wale did it and Industry players nd pundits went blind on it,not even one person came in the defence of Reggie Industry players fear shatta periodt
Xbots call naughty dog games overrated or movies but get hyped when a naughty dog devs goes to a Xbox studio . Hypocrites
These aren't bell curves. It's like firing streamers into the air with a heavy tailwind. The cases and deaths have rapid ascents and sloooooooooow descents -- *when everyone is maximally isolating.* The plateaus are loooooong. (Also uh oh 
You know that thing on the newer iPads where you leave an app by swiping up from the bottom of the screen? It feels kind of hostile to me. Like I'm telling the app to fuck off, then Bruce Lee kicking it out the door. "Thanks music app. Now eat asphalt, fuck monkey!"
Patriots started meeting with players virtually last week. Belichick on that: "These Web-Ex meetings have gone very well ... better than I would have expected."
This is what Kurt Cobain was singing about the whole time 
#Jaguars agreed to a UDFA deal with DE Doug Costin, per his reps.
Yeah  Americans, its terrible here. Beer is banned! the sheep are as big as horses, one ate my cousin
Working on my next game, a short cyberpunk noir meant to teach the player about privacy and encryption. The phone UI is a placeholder while I sort out some game mechanic details, but I like the direction the art is starting to go 
Sorry to rain on your parade on such a sunny day, but #COVID19 is real, and it doesn't care if you believe in it or not. The patients dying from it are real. Their families in mourning are real. From the handful of protesters, it would seem that most Canadians agree with  …
Happy 5-0 Coach! Coach K not only does an awful lot for NC, but is a great role model for his student athletes !  …
Whaaat about #PurpleArt 
WE DOIN #PhoenixCartel COMMUNITY NIGHT TONIGHT! 6:30pm PST - 9:30pm EST Playing Mean Greens Plastic Warfare Y’all I’ve been brainstorming this newest raid scene for MONTHS now & thx to @DrimmReepur & @Poxxers it’s GOIN DOWN TONIGHT! I’m so hyped! See ya 
Exodus 8:2 – And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs: Exodus 8:3 – And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up  into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy
Shout out to people who don’t stab others in the back and the ones who are real, not fake!!
This is what a country of 210m adults have as an option for #POTUS A guy who tells us to inject disinfectant & a guy who probably listened to him as his #dementia is so bad #Trump nor #Biden is the answer. Somebody needs to step up here #DropOutBiden 
new michigan state  Hampton Fay shows three big things: -arm strength -awareness -surprisingly mobility for being 6’5 
Nene offered her a sandwich but she decided to eat nene up
MBA This by far has been the most challenging task...for 7 years it has been about balance, footy, professional affiliations, family and of course the ability to develop the discipline of revised thinking, to…  …
something i’ve been thinking about almost obsessively lately is: what is sustainable? and what is not?
"[T]he real modernity of poetry lies in its having won its autonomy. Poetry has ceased to be the handmaiden of religion or philosophy; like science, it explores the universe on its own. And in this respect also there is a great similarity between certain poets and the scientists:
so kim jong-un is really dead huh
Public Security Vs Individual Rights in Somalia by @AGaraad. A well thought about article, balanced and a very timely subject. A great read mashallah  …
The Patriots are getting a hard-nosed, determined player in De’Jon Harris. 2 years ago he opened up about escaping Hurricane Katrina’s wrath at age 7 and losing his father early on at  …
Zhukov on the July 1944 cover of LIFE Magazine. He was a hero to the Americans 
hardly knew him but i'd still denim jeanstrap cat: @TigerBytez sexy photographer : @RabbetFace 
O MELHOR SINGLE DO SMTA IF I CANT HAVE YOU #ChaoMendesFestival
Some of us warned about this.  …
Brian Flores opens his media availability by thanking the first responders and "the real heroes" during this pandemic. He lost two mentors of his to COVID-19, as he shows pictures of the two men on our video conference.
Two more orders until 100! And 100$until we hit 1k in a single month!
Gay people are so fucking annoying. Just being honest
I'm too old to be taking drugs with eba
It’s harder for Black patients to have pain assessed and treated 
med mike gets kicked out 109 chats but it’s never his fault, funny how that works...
Congrats @EliMencer on signing with @Seahawks! Megan and I can’t wait to watch where your career goes from here! #NFLDraft2020  – at University at Albany
My first brunch post rona gonna be ugly
grabbed this at the liquor store to feed my inner hoodrats curiosity, this mf SKRONG SKRONG 
Wow! Watch this return by our new CB Javaris Davis 
people are really drinking bleach and calling quarantine a liberal agenda and I’m sitting back and watching natural selection take its 
Final 8 are going. Thanks to an enthusiastic Lakeview fan for creating the bracket images! Much appreciated! 
Pretty good #somobomb day with an Early P4 and P5 cash at Gulfstream and Pick 4 cash at Oaklawn. Tons of Must Use winners and Pick 3s left and right! Congrats to everyone who crushed it. This Pick 5 was soooo close to a monster score. And yes, I bet the tickets 
They extended his career with that
Austin Mack to the Giants. FLY high in NY brotha #PilotBoys @Austin__Mack11 
when i catch that dancer... she’s the reason why this all started in the first place
Dr. Burton Rose, creator of the universally used healthcare resource UptoDate, has passed away due  from #COVID19.  …
All I need is a lil 
[From Chaldea PR Dep't] All Level 2 Raid Battles have ended in the Limited Time "Fate/Apocrypha" × "Fate/Grand Order" Special Event "Apocrypha/Inheritance of Glory"! Proceed through the Main Quest and prepare for the next level of Raid Battles! #FateGOUSA
With all the heavy fees students are paying? If you don’t go and boycott UTG teh nopal africell  …
#magefamweek2020 Prompt 7 - “Reunion” It’s so crazy how this week went so fast ! I can’t believe It already ended I’ve promised @Yukifrill1 to draw her Dark Claudia AU! At least once , and since I knew that the last prompt was her favorite one.. #tdpart #claudiatdp 
Every single time Wayne and Eminem hopped on a track 
You’re Republican, just like you  …
he's just a baby guys, i love him so 
he has the strap to keep his glasses from falling off his face 
Belichick was asked how long it might take Kyle Dugger to adjust to the  from Division-II. He explained what he saw from Dugger during Senior Bowl week that led to the pick being 
here, some cola because you're 
Sugawara’s Videos Episode 1 : The low wage problem in the anime industry. Episode 2 : The  system and its problems.  … Please help us make changes to the industry.  
Also sometimes girls just send it to a their boyfriends that they trust and after y’all break up he posts the nudes as revenge. And its not fair to say “don’t trust anyone with that stuff” bc you are suppsoed to be able to trust a partner even if you are no longer  …
i literally could not fuck somebody who’s not making sure I’m taken care of. that’s absolutely the ghetto.
Let’s play a game: Reply to this thread with a #KUbball player that no one has said so far
You will fall the same way you rise...
period. i hate when  him to michael
Highway 
how are we feeling 
at least this planet has namjoon
Where’d you get this picture of  …
Daniel seavey voice appreciation, a 
Congrats @Buccaneers for drafting an outstanding @TUKleincollege graduate @DeuceRussell36. Not only is he a man of character, but he’s been known to speak a little Italian cc: 
if she can’t cook she’s no good !
The @Chargers go BIG for ND players love to see it Drafted or signed the last 2 years: Tillery Tranquill Newsome Gilman Bilal Notre Dame du LAC
WATCH: Team Trump Online with Lara Trump and Brad Parscale!  via @YouTube
Bishop Shanahan grad Doug Costin will sign with the #Jaguars, per his agency @EnterSportsMgmt
"With the presence of the train and his absence from two major events, there is certainly credibility to report that KJU is either in a serious health condition or potentially  …
• TWICE SIENDO MEMES ; THREAD 
FUCK 
i think the discourse should be about plant-types and leaf shapes. fuck you cuneate leaves .... why the hell do you look like that 
♡.¸ʟᴏᴄᴋsᴄʀᴇᴇɴ:¸.♡ •.¸ #Taehyung¸.• ᪵᪲᪲᪻᪳᷋⇢᳝Fav se gosta || if you liked⇠ ᪵᪲᪲᪻᪳᷋⇢Rt se salva || if you saved⇠ ᪵᪵᪲᪲᪻᪳᪲᪲᪻᪳᷋⇢Print se usa || if you used⇠ ˙·٠• #Onsii•٠·˙ @BTS_twt Resolvi publicar os dois 
Going LIVE in a few minutes! First playthrough on Rainbow Six Seige for me! Come watch me fail horribly while playing with @ForsakenXCII 
"I’m not a doctor, but I’m, like, a person that has a good, you know what,” Trump said, forgetting the word for "brain"
beach 
I’m not shy make you sigh
Just a reminder he's an inbred nepotistic 
A new day calls for a new adventure  – at Cullinan Park
And you and the rest of the riders are leading from the front @BMelham - Everyone greatly appreciates it - Great  …
i cannot put my full trust in someone is not conscious of God
I got a pillow as big as me 
I’m thankful and grateful to receive an offer from Central State University @dsimp213 @CoachShanefelt @MiddiesFB 
Xi missteps did this very thing to  …
 to Kansas City @73_darryl! Just like @darrelwilliams_, but different! #Chiefs | #ChiefsKingdom
 
bucky 
Khalil’s brother  to Chicago! Love this signing. Super happy to have another Mack on the Bears. 
Life insurance is important ppl
If you're an Air Traffic Controller that corrects Delta pilots that refer to taxiways as "Dixie," I will buy you a beer and a pizza.
NYC Poison Control Calls for Bleach, Lysol Double After Trump Disinfectant  …
Kim Jong Un trying to escape from death but... 
me when my high school P.E teacher asked me why im barely walking into lap two 45 minutes in on the mile 
A British music group named Chumbawamba holds the record for the longest album title at 865 characters. It starts with "The Boy Bands Have 
Govts can’t have it both fucking ways. They can’t rabidly ensure people are brain-washed to blindly follow their leaders without question, then absolve themselves of responsibility when those same people drink bleach or inject Lysol. These are murderers: lock them up.
According to the FT 40,000 peole have already died in the UK & @GOVUK now decides to catch up on what other countries have been doing for  …
@CodyRhodes Do you remember this personal ring announcement Howard Finkel gave 
I feel like being anything less than 100% honest with somebody you dealing with or trying to deal with about your intentions is kinda fucked up and manipulative
Even though activision treats us very poorly every year for example servers hz etc we still love cod and if activision really wanted to try this esport would be the greatest but aye shoutout all the people at the CDL that give us the chance 
We never really learn do we? Experts have told us repeatedly-Coffee is bad for you until it became good and there was a Starbucks-Science says “don’t eat fats” until it revealed “healthy” fats-Eggs are bad until science, well-maybe not This article talks about science  …
Just finished #OuterBanks on Netflix and . @CharlesEsten was insane in it. So good. 
RT @HTown_TeamMinaj: @ashanti July 18th, I need you to sign this. I got VIP tix to see you  > I got u baby! Thank you for all the luv!!
Prediction : The name “ Borax “ is going to be a popular name choice in red states in the next 9 months . Just a hunch 
Dolphins coach Brian Flores opens presser saying he's lost two mentors curing the coronavirus pandemic -- Michael Hankins and Miles Cocker.
I AM NOT ON THIS EARTH LONG ENOUGH TO NOT TELL PEOPLE HOW I FEEL!!!!!!!!!
That was so unnecessary, good for her blocking you lol
Keep that  I love it
"The age of man is over A  at dawn These lessons that we learned here Have only just begun" ~ "Kings and Queens" @30SECONDSTOMARS Via 
Belichick says Webex meetings have gone better than expected. Players are engaged.
I’m gonna do an unboxing for mutuals only, afterwards I’ll be uploading pics publicly! Only mutuals will receive links!
These are the last available copies of Avant Garde Society Volume I & II. I most likely won’t be doing another pressing until after Volume III is released in November x (all orders today will include a special gift)  
This is where helmet  in. Instead of a tight fitting face mask think Apollo astronaut. The helmet interface forms a transparent bubble around the patient’s head and forms a tight seal w/ valves around the collar. This is  and better tolerated. 
Henrietta  …
If michael and david i might  …
Sufi twitter is the least problematic. I love it
Idc how boring quarantine gets you won’t get me to watch Tiger King.
ok the thing is that my fucking controller is not working today very good and I am so pissed as you can see in the clip, then I fucking barrel this dude idk why he was in that spot but I'm so done 
If I see Gov. Lee in public...... hands on sight.
Here are the first 20 tweets demanding the reinstatement of @davidroads and related accounts, sent over a span of 2.5 hours late on March 9th. Interestingly, none of these accounts follow each other; they are all followed by the newly-minted @davidroads2, 
*whoop whoop* now go listen  …
Family @DaveETECPNet2 @1GaryBernstein @Belann_Farrar1 @MAGABoss2A @JayBird1545 @thames_tim @White2to4 @Luka458 @stlpcs @RNinMI @Derameth @Patti_Sc60 @KittinDavis @BlueSea1964 @Robin_MAGA @KimPKAG2020 @ironbutterfly42 @briantopping66 
L.C. Bird grad Jalen Elliott has signed as an undrafted rookie free agent with the Detroit Lions. @NBC12
remember being a teen wolf stan and when we found this 
he do be starring 
DEMI LMFAOOO I hate her 
Amen!! He's beyond mentally ill!! The Adderall addiction is taking a toll. I used to admire the drs and scientists around him but they're cowards for explaining his craziness away!! This dictator needs out!!!
Also a congratulations to Luq Barcoo! Kid is an absolute stud! Big time playmaker! Jags will be happy to have him! Prove them wrong Luq  …
New 
We speedrunning 
Today is #ChookaDay. 10 years ago this pup did what a rescue dog is supposed to do: he rescued our family from a life without him and he has made sure that butterflies get barked at, ears of corn get buried in the lawn, and everyone knows that they are indeed all good dogs. 
One of my favorite football players I’ve ever gotten the privilege to watch and even play beside. Couldn’t be happier for the big guy. Congrats @Nbowers28 Go 
it’s ok
In need of some real ass girlfriends frrrr
When you hit someone hard they only thing they  back with is your grammar......aboa beast
Jamo is a derogatory term? Since when?
That self-satisfied prick
Ima need a ride to the house before I need some help 
Coach Walraven is spot on here. Next year should make it back-to-back drafts where a Johnson County product is selected. Grandview's Zach Smith could follow Reggie from Tulsa to the NFL.  …
Britain is imposing a 2-week quarantine for anyone entering the country. Anyone who violates the quarantine could be punished with severe 
. ..▄▄ (●_●) ╚═☞HELLO █Good Night! █ happy night █ █▄▄▄Friends █▀▀█ ..▄▄ █──█ (●_●) █▄▄█╚═☞Hola █───█Buenas noches! ─█─█feliz noche ──█ █▀ █▀ █▄ 
J’Mar Smith (QB) firmado por los Patriots. Undrafted Louisiana 
Predict a catastrophe, grab as much power as you can over people's lives. You keep doing this, scientists, don't be surprised if people tire of your continued existence.
you guys really think cute/cheerful choreographies can’t be hard 
89.5 points by @TaylorTovesPBR on Biker Bob is a career-high for Toves.
Republicans have started to turn against Matt Gaetz — he now has two primary challengers. Meanwhile, in a sign of unity & strength, the Democratic party has unified behind our campaign and I will not have any challengers in the primary. #ForwardWithHonor
speaking of connect bts, remember this interview of Stephanie Rosenthal who is part of the project, and how she shut down that interviewer each time she tried to sneakily discredit the boys? chef 
I’m watching Jinyoungie drama on Viki. Why they stopped the subtitles after 30 minutes into the drama??? Where else can I watch with Eng sub!! @GOT7Official
The last thing Kim Jong un saw before his death 
Gabe Nabers is also L.A. bound, signing with the Chargers as  …
So many people having babies. Then there’s me, having a drink
 … link to the full video (swac and so random reunion)
Haha... Excellent. Yes, 100 years ago they put patients of Spanish flu in the sun and showed much better improvement than those without. It's pretty basic healing 101 actually. Glad to see it getting an upgrade.
Yuhhhh @Lj_era8 take care of bro out there Congrats brodie  …
First and foremost: this is unconscionably wrong. But not only is this wrong, it's not even the best way for schools to guard against potential liability for IDEA violations. The best way? Trying in good faith to serve SWD as best they can.  …
You do what u wan do for others regardless. If eno b so like u wont post strongman en song Take it from the top. You do what u do for others regardless. That means he knows strongman wronged sark. That was why strongman lashed out. That phrase can be interpreted in lots of  …
I may need that kiss too, preferably before I leave this  …
i have this tweet drafted jaejoong please prove me wrong and don’t make me tweet it 
Former Warner Robins football standout Marquez Callaway reportedly signs free agent deal with  …
Brian Flores begins virtual post-draft presser by thanking first responders and reveals he has lost two mentors to coronavirus.
This is Awesome with a capital A. Young man going places, that’s for sure!
Excessive contrarians are so fucking annoying "Perpetually going against the grain" is a terrible personality trait, especially if said "grain" is someone expressing their own personal delights, pleasures, & happiness Geezuz, STFU If it ain't about you, move around
A preview of Resturant reopening. A observation from HKG Opening times reduced Fewer tables as social distancing applied between tables Set menus More takeaways even from Michilen star Time spent in Resturant which suggest lower alcohol spend No increase in prices or wages
JIMINS SIDE PROFILE GOES FUCKING CRAZY 
Can't do a vinyl session without this classic. 
Guys I just swooned! New pics from the an  episode of Batwoman have surfaced, revealing that our masked hero will find herself bound, gagged, and at the mercy of some dastardly 
All reports. They are reports. On reports. He is dead .. There is no official response.
i would like to see 
It is time. Dark 
Tres leches but vegan. I didn’t think I’d be eating this ever since I changed my diet 4 years ago. 
Oh dear wish you were here
Dude, we should have a Crazy Taxi tournament  lol.
us: so all these clark and lois parallels to lena and kara? cw 
I'm +1, a year closer to the grave!!! I'm grateful for life yet more grateful for another oppurtunity to breath in 
Ahhh celebrities....They always know what’s best for everyone.
Cause laughter is good for your immune 
if ur reading this... hi ily! don’t forget it!!! enjoy these Luke pictures as a gift, from me to you...! 
Judge: I tried to bring my dog with me for the draft. Says his kids are mad at him.
OIL prices at a low, which means it's the SNPs fault, according to the scotsman. But when times were buoyant, they built London. Are you not fed up with the propaganda, are you not fed up with tory rich boys deciding your future. #indyref2.
“i hate weed” geng but you like coke & Pepsi  …
We’re being lied to. As my Grandma used to say this stinks to high heaven!
Training video day…  …
I can tell from the jump when someone’s not being genuine
Which rookie Cowboy are you most excited to watch play this season 
Judge he said he tried to bring his dog Abbey with him but was told no.
Don’t understand why he  …
Classical Musicians React: Dreamcatcher 'In the Frozen'! Watch it here:  
MSU lands a 2021  out of  …
Nigga got personal issues with KwekuSmoke! Nigga’s tweet was clear.. foh!
You're just not used to ACCOUNTABILITY, and you hate it. Born rich; dodged the draft; had daddy get you into and through schools. Inherited a  no real BoD. NDAs, lawsuits, bribes & threats — and stooges Barr & McConnell — to avoid prosecution for your 
"I idolized Marcus (Mariota). ...  to a place he just left, it's pretty cool." @Titans select @HawaiiFootball QB Cole McDonald ( @ColeHunter520) in seventh round of #NFLDraft. UPDATED  
#ICYMI: The @SingStreetBway cast recording is now 
Ole Miss running back Scottie Phillips lands with the #Texans  … via @SOTTexans
California, Michigan and Virginia are tied.
Chris Finke will shock you all in San Fran
So I guess we’re going to be bombarded with YouTube videos showing autopilot stoplight and stop sign action right? I’d get in on the party but it’s only in the US at the moment.
“The last thing people need is heavily armed protestors at state capitols demanding legislators somehow end the 
Dude, on Feb. 28, 2020 at a campaign rally in South Carolina,  your impeachment to the Democrats' criticism of your administration's coronavirus response. Your actual words: "this is their new hoax." Your impeachment was not a hoax & those were your 
. @BTS_twt are in the promo for the KCAs in May 2 at 8 pm ET (5/3 at 9 am KST). They were nominated for 2 awards. #BTS #방탄소년단  
"But my righteous[b] one will live by faith. And I take no pleasure in the one who shrinks back." - Heb :
Who's your choice for cinema's most memorable femme fatale? It's hard to top Barbara Stanwyck's stone-cold psychopath in Double Indemnity, but Ann Savage's carload of crazy in Detour just might do it. #ClassicMovieChat #TCMParty #FilmTwitter 
“It is what it is. Accept it and move on.“
tune in rn !!!   …
Craft and artistry. 
Deliveroo scooter rider doing well over 40 in a twenty. Couldn't prove it as we do not have the equipment to do so. Fear not. I did however prove he had no business insurance for making deliveries. Reported. More than one way to get some cheese.
Thanks for the love guys and Goodnight May we wake up in sound health and mind. Please #StaySafeNigeria
Lessons I would actually pay attentiom to  
I will ask nicely only once more. PLEASE stop gathering in large groups and aimlessly hanging out with your friends until the stay at home order is lifted. I would also love to hangout with my friends & get to see my grandma, but i was taught to follow THE RULES.
fred weasley deserves better. that’s it. that’s the tweet.
I want Lan Wangji to find out WWX named Jin Ling after LWJ and I want him to find it out via either Jin Ling or Jiang Cheng yelling about it. (LJY: why would WWX name you after the Lan?? JL, waving in outrage at the Chief Cultivator: WHY DO YOU THINK LWJ: ...........what)
hype hwasa and jungkook under this  …
CURIOSITY: One play of light during the Fine China video makes Chris Brown seem to reincarnate Michael Jackson on 4 seconds in the 
And destroy the United States of America
 …
get to work lilies end her 
something aint sitting right w me but i’m just gonna sit back and watch it happen bc i’m tired of trying to make shit work
Question. If you put pronouns in your bios is it because you feel shamed into doing it? Or is it really important to you?
Randyl bought some Olive Garden dressing for home and it’s taking all my self control to keep me from drinking it.
rich rush is not friendly and she keep on a tell unu seh she doh friendly but bc unu nuff unu keep on a run een ina her msg them. for what? like her pics and go
i won’t stop until you’re all obsessed with this song (and his album) as much as i 
Do you think only girls have insecurities? We boys also do get insecure, were humans too.

I made this entire meal from scratch. I even blanched and sliced the damn almonds myself 
Tomorrow I’ll be joining @LIActivist for a Virtual Town Hall on the #NYHealthAct. Join the conversation at 1PM tomorrow to learn more about the need for universal health care in NYS with 
Partly because he had to be dragged screaming into a lockdown after being ambushed. Let's not get fuzzy on the facts.  … via @theage
two bellies are better then 
Another seahawks undrafted free agent: Louisville WR Seth  …
Myles Bryant falls under the 'such a Patriot' category Was a walk-on at Washington but by his sophomore year was a 13 game starter. Split time between safety and cornerback, but is likely a slot corner in the NFL. Explosive and instinctual, but on the smaller side (5'8,  …
Another @ASUFootball Sun Devil is going to the NFL. According to reports, Khaylan Kearse-Thomas ( @HitmanK7) has signed as a UDFA with the @Titans. Thomas played in 10 games for ASU in 2019 racking up 36 total tackles and 8 tackles for 
this app is so wild someone could tweet “i like green apples better than red apples” and someone would still send death threats lmao
Missin smash events 
Ex-James Madison DE Ron'Dell Carter has agreed to contract with Cowboys, per @NFLAgentAdam. Team made an aggressive financial pursuit to fend off other clubs. Carter had 66 tackles, 27 for loss and 12 sacks in 2019. Cowboys drafted JMU teammate QB Ben DiNucci in seventh round.
you are the best part of my life
i’ve been super busy the last couple days, stream tomorrow tho 
COVID environmental shift on cities has convinced me that we have to reduce our carbon footprint now. I have decided to markedly reduce my travel. I also wonder do we actually need annual professional meetings (& their CO2 impact) or could we shift to biennial or triennial?
Product of my environment today was wonderful . Donated boxes of pizzas to essential workers. Also passed out food to homeless over 60 boxes of pizzas passed out 
I shook hands with a friend yesterday. No gloves. To hell with those of you who demand we submit.
Lotus Turbo Challenge 2 is the 2nd game in the Lotus arcade racing trilogy and was published by Gremlin Graphics in 1991 for the #Amiga and Atari ST. This is a new game to me; as a fan of "Horizon Chase Turbo" I can see where the inspiration came from. Super fun game 
Ava Ridge OnlyFangs drinking with the Frats how about that :)  i'm already hungover oh my god
Mister you en  …
And so it continues - MSM looking at angles on the National party. Self made rich man buys and sells  …
Team Trump Event With Brad Parscale and Lara Trump – 8:00pm ET Livestream…   …
if you or someone you love survived sexual assault and rape you'd understand why we say #DropOutBiden
Pilgrimage within in breath. Alight Roots, ascend. Navel activate Guru chakra- be Spirit. Heart Chakra be Love, Wholeness. Throat Chakra- Dissolve all past, rebirth. Crown Chakra- celebrate Source unions. Third Eye- merge & Be many as One.  #meditation
It’s that time. 
Great reason to learn to code. Endless possibility. I have a blog  that talks about something that really helped me to learn to  …
your ex is texting you “imy” in quarantine, my ex owes me 10 hours of wages. we are not the same
why does it take me 3hrs to do ONE ASSIGNMENT
sofia lee bicicleta vs isabella infierno from the unsleeping city! @eaxford @dimension20show #dimension20 
On his way to Cincy! @scottywash_ @Bengals #ProDeacs 
In a nutshell: that's the internet, for 
Praying at  …
is blue 
Can't wait till the gag order is  …
Texting the GC for a code red and leaving  …
Big Brother returns this June on Channel 7 #BBAU 
Alabama Course Wants to Adopt Out Greyhounds After Ending  …
You wanna play games? Well have a seat... you’re gonna love the games I’m gonna teach you —/
Pages from Ellen Phelan’s sketchbook circa 
well 
1/2 I’m sad tonight. I was sad yesterday but today is worse. I’m sad for my industry. I’m sad I don’t get to perform every night. I realise I need that outlet in my day to day life. A dear friend said to me tonight ‘when do we get our ‘buzz’ back. I know what she means...
head of snake
I just wanted to do hoodrat stuff with my friends.
Oregon WR Juwan Johnson confirms he's headed to the New Orleans Saints
Hi look at my 
I guess I fail to see how a handful of unqualified corrupt rich kids acting their part in a horrific fairy tail can legally force this devastation & separation & chaos onto Canadians & Canada while forcing us to pay for the corruption & world to boot. I can't accept that I  …
Fancon Shownu was on a whole different 
50 rts and I’ll write a jj kiara post ep 10 fic 
If these guys think taxpayers will bail them out after this they got another   …
What did the accounts whose bans gave rise to this spammy outrage look like? The @davidroads account appears to have been an "inspirational quotes"-style account; based on the attached website, it was one of 30 operated by the same 
Kiss my forehead, maybe then all the thoughts will disappear. Wipe my tears, maybe then ur soft hands on my face will wipe away the demons on my mind.Put my head on ur chest let me hear your heartbeat, maybe then It will calm my soul. Hold me tight, maybe then I will feel home
i don’t trust people that still use snapchat in 2020
Everything I’m saying is 
Dang! Notorious  NSO Group is marketing #COVID19 tracking in US, according to @NBCNightlyNews. Time to go CSI on screenshots of the product. 
...and hasn't returned. Reporters who stand up to Trump win!
If y’all could please retweet this and share it. Thank  …
What super power them  with???
Baybeeee that's an  if it's Jasmine  …
i mean a boyfriend would be nice too
My boyfriend promised to buy me a dog if this tweet gets up to 40 retweets!
Tell me about your grandparents. Photos optional. Emotional tribute required.
What conservatives miss about taxation: It pays for value. Security. Services. Infrastructure. And STABILITY of the market and the society, providing a fertile expanse of customers and labor. Not nourishing them over-farms the land - yielding a dust bowl of Captal's own making.
The fact that literally everyone in eb cast was so fucking unproblematic and they were all friends and having fun with each other the love I have for themmmm #elimibırakma 
Eagle Legend ⁦ @ajcangelosi⁩ working on the front lines for the Posen FD! Guy continues to make us proud! #LaL ⁦ 
What’s Gasmilla saying.. he better stop fooling yeah!
A note of thanks from @DrBiden for the outpouring of support today for #TeamJoe on the anniversary of his candidacy. 
Miami’s favorite kicker is going to the @RamsNFL we’ll miss you king  …
Trump 2020Best President Ever! 
And another one: “Rep. Gosar should  for his stellar utilization of the amendment process. His strategic use of an amendment strategy has earned him the rightful title of “The Most Effective Member of  …
Does anyone else suffer from a crippling lack of confidence like genuinely?
a hate a "let people enjoy things" ass mfer. like bro. no
Thinking of making a video about the Parkway Drive documentaries. Too niche/specific?
Brilhante thread do  …
 …
Get ready janasainiks Massive trend @JanaSenaParty 1m followers on the way Rey @campgainpspk active awu
In the Yoruba industry Odunlade still has the bragging rights as a movie star that has rebranded into an MC and a world class Yoruba actor. Is movies make you feel like he I actually living that role in hi daily routine. Well done Uncle Odunlade.
No I dont shower who tf said that???
Jerry Jones on drafting from his yacht: “Moby Dick out there to the right. All of those added nuances just clears your  …
I think we’ve found our man. Jamycal Hasty. 90th percentile athleticism. Second-best SPARQ score in the class. Everything after this signing is…. Post  …
Raise ye Chalices! Lady @ggmagree takes the stage NOW at Middlelands: #VirtualRaveAThon 
ATTENTION #FFXIV FRIENDS: If you get a /tell in this format, it is a phishing scam. do NOT copy-paste the link into your browser 
whenever i feel sad i just put more caffeine into my body and boom im cured
This Kweku Smoke Cat is dope !! Make u guys Push am !!!  …
Oh no. The Grand Mufti LOVED Jews other than agreeing with Hitler to "deal with them" eventually (well PRIOR to the creation of Israel in  …
Thank you @Seahawks for this opportunity, all I asked for was an opportunity and I knew someone would believe in me! My God is good! The journey continues for your pops R.I.P!
chris brown is much closer to a bobby brown than he will be to a michael jackson or beyonce
why he gotta be so 
If you can’t give up having sex  strangers for 4 weeks in exchange for ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS, you’re disgusting and have a major  …
Think of Dr Fauci's multiples on rate of spread. There has to be 3-5X more people with this ( at least I have some doctor friends that say >10x) so its no mystery if you are testing so many more people a day you will have more cases. We need to get antibody tests asap
ALERT: St. Bonaventure alumni team @BrownWhiteTBT signs @MPosley for TBT 2020! In 2018, he took a red-eye from the NBA Summer League to Richmond and dropped 26 points on no sleep to help Showtime get its first-ever TBT 
The Beskar Mando and Baby Yoda are done! @themandalorian @disneyplus #TheMandalorian #babyyoda 
The girl who pooped her pants at a party has 24 hours to  …
My  …
The last 14 minutes of this @samsanders @NPRItsBeenAMin episode, produced by @jinaewest, are the most beautiful audio storytelling about this pandemic I’ve heard so far. Put this in the time capsule  …
You know someone is thinking about you when you start thinking about them
We got our QB! Mel getting these guys before they even visit  …
keep it secret if u want it to last long.
Q: How do you want ARMY to remember you : "A person who has made all those days happy~ ... not being forgotten & remaining in the memory of a person is very meaningful in itself." It reminded me when he said to be a special someone, to someone. 
Boity - Wuz Dat ft Nasty C Telkom Please Thank you in 
Hey ya'll I'm doing a small giveaway on my Instagram page. Go check it out - my Instagram is paytonpritch3.
San Francisco had the 1918 flu under control. And then it lifted the restrictions. - Democratic Underground  via @demunderground
did i tell you guys i decided i like the color yellow now
ur a homosapien? thats kinda gay bro
5 minutes into the group quiz and niamh has said that a cow makes 5 million glasses of milk in its lifetime
Bernie needs to restart his campaign.  …
Nah bro If anything they both getting life with no parole, cause that’s a double homi right the with all em witnesses too sheeet
- pass it on! he did something disappointing and offensive for the poc fandom and he deserves to be called out on it so please stop defending him in respect for the people he offended. wtf is wrong with  …
Phil Lesh and Friends 4/16/1999 The Warfield, SF, CA (BHP)  via 
every player has a chance to turn the  of the game around by making the right moves next.The only boundaries for you are those, you place in yourself. The team that keeps winning is not the most talented but the most hard-working @TeamSAQR #SAQRONTOP 
btw ksi is beating 1975 in the charts right now
Just 3 cuties looking at 
New  soon! Just had to fix my hard drive, but it's good to go now and I saved everything!
 …
bakamba, i’m not paying +$30 for you to see my blemishes when i’m  …
How much fully guaranteed? You know how this works. Your employer says Clarence, we’re offering you a 5yr deal for 3mil dollars only 200k the 1st 3yrs. Are you gloating about making 600k. When that salary isn’t fully  …
There appear to be way more antivaxxers at this protest than at previous protests. Note the black  …
@MJairosi after receiving the Dhonesheni on behalf of President @lilomatic of LEAD @MamoyoT @cazawaty @Mzansi_1 @DivaMandeya @TheGodKind21 @OMfwethu @maDube_ @StaceyFadzayi @DezMunetsi 
He had to go cold turkey after all the disinfectant blow back.
Michigan State WR Darrell Stewart signed with Green Bay Packers, via 
People  at sarkodie at this moment and you use strongman for your statement, what's does it even mean
Saw her a few years later (as my Brother went to the same school and she was his teacher too) and she was like "so what you doing with yourself now then?!" When I told her, her entire countenance changed her plans for me had 
i need a fucking dog bro that’s what i’m missing in my life
There is always a pot of gold at the end of the 
@Airmontez12 Next Stop: @Redskins 
what a way to open a debut album and introduce people to the world of kate bush omg  
uk niggas really call cigarettes, fags
Another big tea spill: P'Aof and P'Tong say that zee and saint day by day, the more they look like each other, their face their height their hair style even their body shape start to be similar I mean they do share the same wardrobe COUPLE GOALS and Boyfie? #ZaintSee
I plan on shopping at Trader Joe’s tomorrow to pick up essentials. I don’t know their religious or political beliefs. And I don’t care to. I won’t take time to research it. Nonetheless, I’m still shopping there bc I like it. Certainly this will offend someone.
wait what was the right picture LMAO
Hair doesn't grown on his labia neck, anymore.
#MercyXIkeTheShow #AMMercyAndIke #IkeOnyema He  back to ur screen with his sweet banana are u ready!! #MercyXIkeTheShow #AMMercyAndIke 
liz franzcak taught me what the 'golden hour' is, just 
Looking forward to speaking to Richard Kemp next on  …
que perro horrible los caniches
convinced they are the same person 
i woke up thinking of yixing playing the piano from last night’s live 
Check out Moxie's Happy Hour menu available everyday in #medhat from noon until 4pm. Call 
WEW Women’s Championship Three Stages of Hell Match -Submission -No Holds Barred -Tokyo Deathmatch WEW Women’s Champion “The Goddess” Lindsey @CrossFitGoddess Vs Taylor Jade @Taylorr1114 #AndStill or #AndNew These two hold the WEW Vote record! Need we say more? #WEW
MUST SEE VIDEO: California Doctors of Immunology Say Only Sick and Elderly Should be Quarantined, Businesses Should Open, and State is Pressuring Drs. to Add COVID-19 Numbers  … via @gatewaypundit


if I EVER catch ANY of you body shaming harrys tummy i’m setting eden loose  murder
They’re doing it through brand  set up by Republicans. This is how money laundering is  …
I reached out to some of the best pitching minds in the game to get their insight on a number of topics. Great  to us from Alan Jaeger @jaegersports , one of the leading authorities in mental training, arm care and arm conditioning 
So  to my attention that a number of people are not watching the video report but only reading the transcript. If you want to see the witnesses and read the emails, etc., you need to watch the  …
shitivedoneinirlataparty part one 
A spot has opened up in the Architects! Link Ports and RT! #NoMercy
Things I want to hold: 1. Your hand
Managed to catch some more action at the local Kestrel nest tonight. This series is the female leaving the nest to get a 
Me and my kid got bored decided to show love to some wonderful Howard women, hope y’all enjoy 
Stop thinking my posts are about you. You're never on my mind and that's on life!
Looks about 
These are important women in science & math. Are students taught about their achievements? Should we all learn 
2012-13 All star caliber 2013-14 All Star 2014-15 Superstar
How many ex you have ? Me: 0 Wby ?
"The darkness isn’t wrong. It’s part of life, a backdrop for the stars at night, the space between what you know. Darkness has a way of reminding you of the light you’ve been given on all those other 
how overworked they were makes me 
Number One Contender Match for the WEW World Championship in 2 weeks! This match is being contested inside an MMA Octagon! (-_(-_Many Faced Heel_-)_-) @ManyFacedHeel Vs The Bag Guy @JustJeremyHeyYo Who will walk out of DESTINY with the title opportunity they so badly want?
Michigan lawmaker apologizes for wearing face mask that looks like Confederate flag  … via @nbcnews
just a few of my favorite yoongi smiles to brighten your day 
perfect time for a new #PowerTV 
We are deeply grateful to the healthcare workers, first responders and all essential workers who continue to stand strong #LightItBlue : 
I JUST WANNA GO ON A DATE!
“So if all your friends decide to jump off a bridge, you go jump off too?” 
Here's our schedule for the weekend! All times are in EST. Times may change as we get closer to the event. You can find descriptions here:  … 
Ahhhhhhh i love it!!!!!! Congrats man  …
Randy Thanos, Freshly Shaved And Lookin' Savagely 
anyways...  to sicksadturd book 
My sister and I made a tik tok of me impersonating my father 
NYC Mayor, Who Banned Easter Church Services, Gives 400K Meals to Muslims Celebrating  …
#Chiefs have agreed to terms on a UDFA deal with Marshall LB Omari Cobb, according to a source.
White rose .. Washed with dew. A heavenly flower created by someone. Moisture droplets lie in the petals. White rose, with morning freshness. Like a kiss in the snow-white 
I am happy to sacrifice Philip  …
girls who girls who say hiii say 
wow this video is so sick LOL thanks so much for making it @Lenzyboy_ didnt expect something this dope to randomly pop up on my  …
have you ever been sexually harassed?
Tag Team Match The Moxley Couple @EvilMoxleyXXX @Anti_Leader2001 Vs NorthSpray @Synth1224 @sprayermanJJ The Moxley‘s are looking for a big win on the biggest stage! NorthSpray have looked impressive until their recent miscue on Evolve. Which team picks up the win?! #WEW
Back to the #SixFanarts with real people only, starting with Anne from #AnneWithAnE #Procreate #illustration 
Gettleman says he knows Giants didn't get a "blue goose pass rusher" in the draft.
I miss being awkward at social 
Or just read 
only when her sky horns raise your longing from the 
The Cowboys have agreed to terms with UDFA DB Luther Kirk of Illinois 
WEW Internet Championship One on One WEW EVOLVE Internet Champion One Man Revolution @OMRShaun94 Vs “The Heretic” Paul Reilly @Fonze1985 Paul’s record has been impressive, almost as impressive as the champions here! OMR has been so dominate, this will be interesting! #WEW
#New_avi past still affects my life 
2 bro’s chillin in a hot tub 5ft apart cuz they’re social distancing 
Exactly! RT @RealSheree: @M_CCarpenter @Sal_Photo My black kittie, Friend, slept for at least 18 hours straight today, on a pillow on the couch. I eventually checked on him to make sure so problems. He was softly snoring. Guess he was taking care of cat dreams. #Caturday
I don’t have much family or any elders in my life. Been a tiring week as we are moving & with everything going on it’s been emotional. So imagine my surprise when my friend’s @DreaDay mom dropped off a she’d made for us from scratch so touched. Saturday plans sorted 
This is the menu for weeks 4 and 5 of the FIH Academy online Education! And we could't find space to squeeze in the poster of the L1 Coach course starting on May 4 (2 seats available , Hurry up!). Bookings in the usual place  
⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ for 
i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m so bored i’m s
Number One Contender match for the WEW Internet Title “The Demon Lord” Volatile @VoiceOfTheDemon Vs The Homelander @SithThanos Volatile has been unstoppable! We’ve heard from Daniel Cole all week regarding his prospect & his own journey! How will Homelander respond? #WEW
This blend is so gnarly!! Not exactly the vibe I was going for but I plan to clean her up quite a bit. She might even be unrecognizable after I’m done 
LISTEN NOW: We bring you our #ClassicSharks radio broadcast from this date in 2000: Round 1, Game 7 between #SJSharks and @StLouisBlues. It was a big night for @OwenNolan11 and his teammates. Go to this link starting at 5:00 Pacific and hit play:  …
Lil Wayne & Travis Scott have a  
Remember a couple of weeks back when I wondered if this was a cash grab   …
His anti-union agenda. His pro-Hillsong agenda. His anti-Labor state Premiers agenda. His pro-Trump and billionaire agenda. His contempt for workers like teachers agenda. His Pro-herd-immunity agenda. His contempt for education agenda. His psychopathic control agenda.
IS THIS PIG?! IS PIG READY TO BE A BEAR? HEY! CAN A PIG BE A BEAR?! Nagy's call to @TrenchMob60 wins the day. @MillerLite | 

I think the smash ultimate theme is my least favorite sound in the world

Last Rites Match Location offsite: The Asylum This match is no rules, Falls Count Anywhere in The Asylum Caiden Cross @LyonsGamez Vs MR. R @Rutwik2304 Things couldn’t be more personal between The Tigers of India & The Asylum! This match will be pure chaos! Vote now! #WEW
This photo is @wrenchtwister00 at the old Langhorne Speedway in Pa. I am standing next to the famous 39 driven by the great Al Tasnady! I am thinking that I am about 9 YO in this photo! Langhorne was a race track that many drivers refused to race at! Many greats died here. 
HELLO! Good punter, good pickup for UDFA. Wouldn’t shoe him in for the roster spot but he’ll likely get the first-priority crack at it. It’s a crowded room, none of the Lions’ three is just there to be a camp body. All contenders.
The Supreme Court matters to every young person on this planet even if they don't realize it. The choice is stark in this election.
God don’t put thru nothing you can’t handle.
Only 39.13% of black students receive accurate grade predictions. They often outperform  …
ok so earlier i saw a tweet like who in skz takes the best mirror selfies and everyone was saying hyunjin and yes agree but also jeongin mirror selfie appreciation hes 
One on One Fiendy @Fiend4Follows Vs Hunter P @HunterPWWE5 Hunter has been very impressive as of late! This is a huge challenge against the former title challenger Fiendy. Fiendy is trying to work his way back up the ranks. This is a huge match for both! #WEW
Wish I was in Love Shore right now,,,
nippleless cage
she’s been locked away for 10 years and the first thing she wants to do is visit her mom’s grave and her mom was assassinated? please give her all the 
Beautiful evening for the @KISDFoundation Rooted Gala! I’m all set up & ready to celebrate @CumbieKHS & the top teachers in @KellerISD! #KEFRootedGala 
anyway good night kiingbawbii 
ima have a spoiled ass baby, i can already see it
her two moods lol 
 …
"There's some silver lining there, that some of the things that we've been talking about for three years may be finally catching up with him?” @NicolleDWallace says @realDonaldTrump being hurt politically is virus "silver 
Tag Team Match The British Bulgarian Alliance Tito Fame & AyJayKay @W_D_MUFC @The_VfLWolf37 Vs Executioner’s Jade The Executioner & Jade @RobObri41951756 @unstablemiz The alliance of Tito & AyJayKay make quite the team! Can Executioner’s Jade upset this new alliance? #WEW
One of the most interesting battles in the #Bills organization this year with be the defensive ends. Jerry Hughes Trent Murphy Quinton Jefferson Mario Addison AJ Epenesa Darryl Johnson
Commission of @QueenyChu of their oc’s!!! Thank you so much again! 
Oh hey it's just  …
This was a unique case. Very intelligent patient did not want surgery initially due to high risk from persistent trigeminal artery. Almost went blind by postponing treatment. I am very happy surgery @NeurosurgeryOSU went very well, and her  normalized.  …
the doctor trying not to get k worded for unplugging kim jong un’s life support to charge is 
I see y’all hanging out in this nice ass weather. Honestly it makes me want to cry. I haven’t seen ANYONE outside of work for weeks, and I don’t know when that will change. I’m doing my part. Do yours too. Stay home.
literally no one says this to  …
Munch is a 
this tells you everything you need to know about the CULTURE @GTFootball #4the404
I Love 90s Basketball: Michael Jordan Edition, Part 2 | NBA on ESPN - YouTube ⁦ @NickTuths⁩ ⁦  …
Zim men acc scare me
The State Press has served ASU and its  for over 120 years, and our editorial independence is something we value greatly. Please consider donating to our newsroom if you’re financially able to  . #SaveStudentNewsrooms
YOOOOO I havent even gotten my shipment of shirts and we sold out on those tooo!!!!!!! VERY FIRST PRE-ORDERS ARE SOLD OUT THANK YOU KOMOLTATA AND I APPRECIATE YOU ALL FOR THE LOVE AND SUPPORT! I’ll be doing a second drop right after pre-orders, bear with me! #SixNineDuece  
Prepare to suffer~ A character based on one of the artists, this version of Unikitty has to be one of the cutest cats from this project. Why I say "this version"? Well, we'll see later. Art from 
Day two of Ramadan is over. May Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta’ala accept from us all. آمين
Yep, according to him it's UNETHICAL for poor people to simply enjoy living. Their being happy is stealing joy and happiness from people doing "meaningful work."
Color your world Follow me on tiktok  #twice #once #FeelSpecial #kpop #BTSARMY #makeupartist #makeup #MakeupTutorial #TikTok #bored #QuarantineLife 
“The essence of the accusers story is always true”. I’m so glad to see you share my outrage #DropOutBiden
Just because it's Ramadan and we're not eating as much doesn't mean you get to eat the excess food, Kim. Nice try, but you've got to do better than that.
WWE HERO COLLECTOR FIGURINES: Here’s a closer look at some  @EaglemossLtd @HeroCollector_ WWE 
Winchester Mystery House.
Did a 200 mile ride today from CT through MASS to New Hampshire & Back. It was 
can y’all just favourite this tweet for no reason LMAO I’m tryna see sumn
pinned for all intents and 
Great Route Running by Eagles WR1 Jalen Reagor!! (who they say is better than 
BREAKING: Brazil, the world’s No. 1 shipper of chicken and beef, saw its FIRST major closure with the halt of a poultry plant owned by JBS SA... Key operations are also down in & . Taken together, the USA, Brazil, and Canada account for about 65% of world meat 
‘Thank you, Lord.. Thank you everyone. Thank you so much... Thank you Bantay Bata’ Pati pagthank you ang sarap pakinggan e hahaha adik ba ko #OneNightWithRegine
Being a Nigerian is one of the toughest things in life.
Here’s a guide to working with sprays, wipes and a bleach-based solution to clean surfaces of the 
The moment you tell your Grandma some personal information, the whole block know by tomorrow.
To celebrate #SaveStudentNewsrooms day here is some of our best coverage from this academic year:
seeing u bitches party and not practice social distancing y’all r sick literally and figuratively
lets start an argument shall 
thanking god for the clarity  from this quarantine.
I may or may not be signing something totally awesome early next week.
FULLBACK U
Regularization is our fundamental right. #RegulariseSSEsAEOs #NeedSolutionNeedRegularisation @DrMuradPTI @ImranKhanPTI @UsmanAKBuzdar @hh_azizi
unpopular opinion but juice with bits in it is nice
worry about loving ur self first instead of loving the idea of other people loving u
Stop calling every tik tok boy i post 
Imagine saving pop 
Your dad is so polite lmao. Minr would've insulted my existence, questioned my paternity, with a platter of emotional trauma as a side dish  …
Bernie needs to restart his campaign.  …
Proud gopher alum after this draft! Congrats to all the guys getting the chance to live their dream of playing in nfl!
if i ever opened up to you i was joking
. @itsBayleyWWE appreciation 
Paddington stops at Mr. Gruber's Antique Store! Mr. Gruber was cleaning a painting and explains that when you clean a painting sometimes you can find another older painting underneath! Paddington finds this very interesting and says goodbye to his new friend Mr. Gruber! 
Just going to perch here on the edge of my roof and....oh I don’t know....see how the Mayor of Las Vegas is sensibly making decisions in this scary time.
Draft him straight to the league after he get out
One on One Jayson Storm @TheJaysonStorm Vs Venom @LETHALINJECTZ This is the much anticipated debut of Venom! Jayson Storm picked up a big win on RIOT, sending a message before this showdown! How will the debuting Venom respond? Vote now! #WEW
One Piece | Episode 80 They arrived at Drum Island now! And Luffy is carrying Nami on his back to search for the doctor, together with Sanji And qhat kind of COWARD is that Wapol?? Escaping and letting his own country alone with 5 pirates. With one of them being 
Nighty Night Sweet Dreams - Don’t let stress  you - Just breath it’s gonna be ok - Find your inner Zen and Chill Now get yourself a nice fluffy pillow and rest that head of yours and don’t be worrying about things!
couldn’t have said it better 
The biggest lie of the century is that Jeongyeon’s voice doesn’t fit cute concept
cool i got it looking directly at the 
some cyberpunk character design warmups I did of @chattwick 's boys because I love them and desire more gay cyberpunk content 
Today I got to introduce my dad to the shelfie 
i wanna spread some positivity so reply to this tweet with your lane and I’ll dm u something:)
category is: 
Republicans are a cancer and we are the cure.
One on One The Masked Babyface @maskedbabyface Vs Austin JTB @RatedRBliss The Masked Babyface is a true eFed Veteran! This will be a huge test for Austin JTB on the biggest stage. Can Austin score the upset victory? Or will the Masked one take out  #WEW
But legal experts say efforts to hold China accountable for coronavirus in U.S. courts are likely to be 
Same here. @EntheosShines has been so helpful for me to navigate the storm as I began to wake so late. Had no idea you all were here and I now connect with so many Christians and Patriots alike. Now I’m fully hooked on reality. God won long ago. His word was spoken and so it was.
WELCOME TO WEW DESTINY Live from the Tokyo Dome! HISTORY WILL BE MADE! Your opening contest: Triple Threat Number One Contender Match for the WEW American Title “The Immortal One” James Reid @ImmortalOne76 Vs RC @account_rc Vs “The Outlaw” Danny Dallas @TheOutlawWEW
Facts matter. I urge our elected officials in #TX03 to dispute false information spreading at rallies across the country, and listen to health experts to find the best way we can keep our people safe and well informed during this pandemic. Doing so will literally save lives.
Just a reminder: Until UDFAs put pen to paper, they can change their mind. See Quartney Davis as a reminder.
girls please want more for yourself.  …
@JustinDuchene cooked the entree round... I was appetizers. What we did was an abomination. But 
White people swear they know everything about the DPRK and then claim there's no information out there about the 
Zindagi ki Qadar karo - #DoctorskoIzzatDo .... especially in these testing times !! We are proud off all our frontline soldiers ... the real heroes !!  …
we love hoodies 
"Deborah" @realDonaldTrump - no dodging this. Resign.
rob zombie
Last man standing
#AGTG Blessed and Honored to earn an offer from Texas long horns #HookEm @Coach_Yurcich @TXHRecruiting @TexasFootball @samspiegs 
Get to know the newest #49ers QB. Our @kfishbain wrote about rookie Broc Rutter, one of the best prospects you've never heard  …
Romeo Finley to the Chargers! Congrats bro @RomeoFinley1 
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME ITS “WHY DID YOU GO AWAY” AND NOT “WHY DID YOU GO, 
Sen. Kamala Harris: "Like my friend Joe Biden always says, there is nothing we can't do if  
Made it 
You'll attract damaged people if you have a healing spirit.
Come show the love she’s 7 away from her goal  @HordesRising @xx_xgirl @ZombiesMonster @Devine_Zander @Froggiesarmy @SThose2 #family #love

“Population density appears to be a major factor in the spread of the virus.”  …
The Redskins have signed the former LSU tight end and Randy Moss' son as an UDFA. He joins a tight-end room with Logan Thomas, Jeremy Sprinkle, Richard Rodgers and Marcus Baugh, among  …
in this account we love and support michael clifford. if you don’t please block me :) no hard feelings, it’s okay.
did i do the mirror thingy 
early 2000s gillian anderson 
My hometown!!! Go  …
This is honestly Everything lol  through the action figures in the box above!! Lol it makes me happy that she keeps her gears unlike  …
Our #CleanFresh Cooling Glow Stick adds a perfect highlight to your fresh-faced look. #EasyBreezyBeautiful #COVERGIRLCrueltyFree 
5. 4) When asked about foreign policy, say I don’t know shit about foreign policy. That’s both accurate and reflects the President’s knowledge
I am going through my old photos and please enjoy this cute 
yes it does, ground beef is underground  …
Your go-to, low-maintenance guide to growing out your hair during 
I’m cool on her i done had her.
Monisha beta "you dumb idiot" bola karo "ullu da phatta" is so middle class
Stop this! It's not even true! Lisa didn't choreograph it and if they are 100% sure that the choreographer stole it they can sue her instead of riding to Lisa's success. There are lot of floor dancing on yt using the same music but why Lisa huh? #AlwaysLoveLisa  …
the things l do to quickly earn respect... or disrespect #kirby #pixelart #fortnite 
live do sorriso maroto 
I dey write abeg! You'll understand May 8th.. #DivergentLostfiles
Listening this great 80's Gordon Lightfoot record "SALUTE" 
Congratulations to #TeamESM client Doug Costin on signing with the Jacksonville Jaguars! #DUUUVAL 
The Shadows At Sixty: Friday 1st May at 9:30pm on BBC 4. The story of The Shadows told to celebrate their 60th anniversary using unseen archive, personal testimony and interviews with both the band and those they have influenced with Guest interviews by: Hank, Bruce, Brian, 
A mark of a successful parent is when your kids surpass 
The top reciters you see have worked hard to be where they are, spending countless nights revising and reviewing until they saw results. If you want to improve you have to put in the work
 …
Flores and Grier talking. Flores starts by thanking the front-line workers during the pandemic. "The job they've done is incredible. They're the real heroes."
"Tara Reade shouldn't be trusted because she didn't go to credible journalists. And to make that point for me, here's a Medium article by the Krassenstein brothers."
Men want to shave their beards but are afraid of what the women in their lives are going to say. Tell me how that isn't domestic terrorism ?
Sleep deprived no makeup 
ayatul kursi honestly brings so much peace to my soul
Just because Donnie has a little bit of a grey muzzle doesn’t mean he’s old—he’s only 5 and has so much love left to give. He looks so sad and scared because his person  for him. Donnie will be your best friend if you will give him a  …
Don't lie, its the same 
I think we can all agree that jimin
why does this picture 
Take me out & take me home.... 
Chicken shit  …
 like sunshine after rain." – William Shakespeare #Quote #Share 
ScorpionFX Premium Forecast Updates: Our Premium Subscribers made almost 1,000 pips with our daily forecasts last week. In just ONE DAY alone! Join Today! (LIMITED OPENINGS AVAILABLE) #FOREX #FOREXSIGNALS 
Belichick said they’ll have a virtual rookie minicamp
Thankful for this opportunity to be a Viking! Excited to get to work #skol
Just watched a film on Amazon Prime called JOY about the woman who invented the Magic Mop. A surprisingly really good 
when ur homie gives you a ride 
Beverly Hills 1-3 = absolute perfection, but it goes downhill fast. New York starts a little slow (it was only the second franchise, so still figuring things out; interesting time capsule!) but goes fully off the rails in season 3 and is a much more rewarding experience overall
Congrats and good luck!!!  …
Simpler 
My voice when i just woke 
Soft kitty tum and beans to bless ur timeline today 
This Larry Summers?  …). Yeah, I don't put a lot of stock in what he has to say 
Me *hiding under the bed* Armed robber: Me: Armed Robber: Me: Armed Robber: Krishno aila radhar kunje fule paila bhromora Me: MOYUR BESHETE SHAJON RADHIKA... oh crap
You know you lit when the niggas that watched you grow up hating on you
Bunch of people have asked about Coffee Compiler Club. My goal here is to get a conversation group going of like-interested individuals. I've been working on programming languages all my life, but I usually can only talk to my peers at conferences.
36 additional positive cases...I think my heart stopped for a while
Thank you @susanmcp1 - means a  from you! Thanks for all YOU  …
Well Well Well isn't this just delightful.Looks like @MMFlint isn't too credible. Distributor pulls Michael Moore’s new film over misinformation  …
2020 isn't real this timeline is too weird
I don’t get why I have to even argue about this, 4:34 clearly states you can beat your wife if she disobeys “forsake them in bed and strike them” how else can you interpret this??
I never noticed the little heart sparkles when you like a tweet until 
text your friends and ask them “what’s my type” here’s my 
Where Georgia undrafted free agents are heading  … 
tell me how you feel. Nike boys forreal 
Dave Gettleman: "we didn't draft what you guys would call a 'blue goose pass-rusher,' but it's a group effort"
Yeah, my inner auntie jumps out every time I hear this, lollll
Michigan's 10 drafted players by round 1, 2, 4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 Average overall selection _ 154.5 Median _ 184.5 Ohio State's 10 drafted players by round 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 3, 3, 6, 7, 7 Average overall selection _ 97.9 Median _ 74
Thank you to everyone keeping everything running and fighting on the front lines. I wish I had enough window space for all of you! #ThankYouEssentialWorkers 
the best hadid is  …
Some of y'all aren't ready to have this 
girls that girls that say hiiiiii say 
To everyone going to the beach rn sincerely go fuck yourselves.
Kim Jong Un's sister has been through some shit 
Am going to Germany very soon @shattawalegh your music through me will be all over I swear through God.
It’s like. I want to talk to people but I get tired of everyone so quickly.
"BUT YOU WANTED TO HAVE BIGGGG 
It ain’t perfect but everything’s beautiful .
girls rule, boys 
Remember when Heroes in Crisis had the potential to be about mental health and talk about it in a respectful manner, only for it to be a stupid murder mystery and a character assassination of like 3 people, and make a joke out of most of the trauma they talk  …
Senior celebration! What a great group of teammates! Hoping to get them on the field one last 
Dotty! Should have added some dots to in the 
Kind of an intense message for a hot glue 
Personal preference: I don’t think I could be with someone who’s had a kid in the previous relationship. I love children and it would be nothing against the child but it’s just something I prefer to experience with someone for the first time together.
Couldn’t happen to a better young man. Jeff demonstrates the Mental Toughness and Extreme Desire that allowed him to succeed on the field. So happy and proud of what Jeff has done for @UofR_Football and look forward to his future.
2020 G Chris Arizin ( @SJP_BB) will be a preferred walk-on with @SJUHawks_MBB next season, per a source. Joins teammate Brian Geatens as a walk-on. The 6-foot-4 guard avg. 11.2 ppg this year which included a 22-point game vs. @BSHS_Eagles_BBB. Starter for Speedy Morris’ final team
Man get this n*gga out of jail  …
Door Alert - Redo! Thank @SciotoLAX for the banners to add to the Senior Doors!! Here is Harry’s! Congratulation!! @dshsDCSD 
Bernie needs to restart his campaign.  …
wtf alto 
IG Stories | @justinbieber: Justin: “Oi amor...” Hailey: 
Thanks  …
She really said « I’m recording DA album 
I haven't traveled anywhere except to the office downtown twice or within a mile of the house since the shutdown in mid March, so we took a 4 hour drive today. I'll tell you what, I've missed yelling through my windows at other drivers doing stupid shit.
Orwell 2.0. Trump probeert zijn eigen woorden wit te wassen. Uit het transcript van de persconferentie: Trump: “Deborah, have you ever heard of that? The heat and the light, relative to certain viruses, yes, but relative to this virus?” Dr. Birx: “Not as a  …
The White House tried to move a reporter to the back of the press room, but she refused. Then Trump walked  …
This hot fudge sauce takes fewer than 10 minutes to make, keeps seemingly indefinitely in the fridge, is forgiving of almost all human error, and makes all days that include it better than those that do not.  
hey! like many others, my future financially is looking pretty hazy. i could use some help, so i'm starting animal crossing pet  starting at $15! check out the thread for more details!! 
My gf and I are apartment hunting but she’s a PhD student and I’m an artist so we’re really apartment hoping.
girls don’t want boyfriends they literally just want harry styles to know they exist
Y’all don’t wanna hear this and I get it you love your cities but nearly every “street” trend within pop culture that popped off after/during the 80s is because of NYC/Uptown You can’t say different.. do your research.. NYC created the waves for y’all
If you are starting to cook more in quarantine (Like most of us) ... I’m going to make a list of  for things that I love and that you SHOULD absolutely own.
Have you sent truckloads over to @JudgeJeanine yet? Or are the freight costs too expensive for your fake billionaire family to afford? Cc @donaldjtRUmpjr
#WVU CB Keith Washington has signed a free agent deal with the New Orleans Saints. First reported by @RyanTalbotBills  …
WINNERS: Cowboys, Panthers LOSERS: Aaron Rodgers, Eagles Every winner and loser from this year’s 2020 NFL Draft:  
We love @OnDayAtATime for being a champion in #LatinxRepresentation and showing what  is all about. Tune in to the new season on @PopTV Tuesday nights at 9:30|8:30c! #ODAAT 
PIGEON 
We are all proud and incredibly excited to see @djeiselen72 attack the NFL!This is Yale  …
Ibn Qayyim (rh) said, “If you want to benefit from the Qur’ān, gather your heart when it is recited, focus your hearing, and act like you are being directly addressed by Allah, as it is an address from Him to you upon the tongue of this Messenger ﷺ.
Tragic loss. Powerful tribute. Rest in Peace Cesar Quirumbay.  
Zahara is trending no.1 NTV is losing in everything 
You can’t let wilful misinterpretation rob you of free speech. What’s the point of having rights if trolls can just take them  …
me? your new 
aurora borealis is one the thing i want to see once in my life 
in love w a boogie
Our play begins at the home of the Brown's where we find Paddington watching Mr. Brown painting a picture for a local art contest! Paddington is interested in the painting but says goodbye to Mr. & Mrs. Brown as he is headed out to do some shopping. 
ppl are unfollowing and honestly i could give less of a fuck. now i know who actually roots for the rights of poc and who was just faking it all along. y’all are showing your asses today.
Real recognize real @WillieG___ #HailState | 
This is like the second time Jennie related appear on The World of the Married drama.. They even used her name for the kid in this drama.. Jenny/jennie. (cr_owner) @ygofficialblink #JENNIE 
And here’s me signing my divorce papers 
i did not find this one myself but i’ll add it in case anyone else hasn’t been able to find it yet  
seeing ya brothers eat, aint no better feeling especially during times like this, all headed to that next stage!
Nike Zoom Spiridon Cage 2 "University Blue" 
Thats my first , I'm so excited and happy
I need all  …
I was stunned to see the Morticia Addams as a blonde in House of  …
latest registered  …
We all dey here Kweku smoke  do momo giveaway then tell we set strongman bi broke expect it soon
be 
Why is that  …
I honestly didn't realize how entertaining the @PBR is. I'll have to put hitting up one of these events on my calendar when we're finally allowed to attend things again...
Battle for the undue privilege and power-to-be-lethal-with-impunity of a  …
wifi tournaments highkey good for viewership/twitch clout, def gonna do more of these
if you see this ur obligated to say “I’m 
Oregon DE Gus Cumberland is signing with the Saints, per source
Here's the link for the  …
Number 1 WR on their board no  …
Former UGA WR Lawrence Cager is signing with the NY Jets per NFL league source
*A Handsome Lycanthrope offers you a strong drink and 
Could not be any more excited about this show!!! A lot of work gone into this and ‘oh what a night’ it will be!!! 5pm EDT tomorrow, Sunday  from @stageit website!! Link for tickets in my bio, Emmet’s bio…  …
Modern man is so concerned with keeping people alive yet cannot tell you what the purpose of life is.
Taraji P. Henson or Regina Hall in a movie best believe I’ll watch it
peter 
Studying International Relations it’s pretty much like 
Whatever makes you mad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
“Lost” has surpassed 100,000 views on Youtube!
I hate when white guys laugh like what’s so funny? Racism?
Normalize having  conversations without being disrespectful
Posting on snap & even my priv gives me anxiety but when people reply and interact it makes me feel so much better
i literally thought british people spoke britian..
king's quest IV, screenshot, dos (1988)  
Don't know when I'll get around to Healing Good Ep 12 atm. So instead today I'll be talking about Precure's merch sales. Some people in this fandom think that Doki Doki/HapCha/GoPri all didn't do well for various reasons. One of the reasons I've heard is that kids didn't like 
When some things go wrong, take a moment to be thankful for the many things that are going right. It's alwats good to have a grateful heart. Have a Blessed Sunday 
neva met anotha like me he 
DAY 1: from the very beginning out of Rochester to signing an @NFL contract with the @RamsNFL, you will always find a way to succeed: CONGRATS @EdwardsEarnest and keep writing that story! Proud of you 
everyone getting excited about new heroic spirits while I'm like- #FGO  
o scorsese pro todd 
Pretty clear who the dancer is in this house. Sure aint 
