Also according to exclusive investigation of @dajiyuan , 1/3 people died at hospitals, 2/3 died at home during the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan  …
OMG Disinfecting air from Corona virus with heavy chemical spraying machines in Wuhan and Hubei province BM_R 
WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare 
LOOK: The DFA brought back to the Philippines today a total of 30 Filipinos who wished to return home from Wuhan City, ground zero of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Acute Respiratory Disease (2019-nCoV ARD). | via 
#Coronavirus continues to take its toll. @cnbc reports death toll is 805, more than SARS. An American woman died in a Wuhan hospital from it. Is Trump’s regime and the hollowed out State Department done enough to protect Americans in China, and help those who want to get out?
10 Wuhan Professors Sign Open Letter in Honor of Whistleblower Doctor Li Wenliang The letter demands a government apology & to make Li a national martyr, following his death. Li was reprimanded by police for "making  warning people about the Wuhan coronavirus  …
The Wuhan coronavirus has officially killed more people than the SARS outbreak did  …
The coronavirus may have infected at least 1 in 20 people in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the epicenter of the global outbreak, by the time it peaks  weeks, according to scientists modeling its spread 
I was working today and then this guy came in and asked “How’s the business going?” Me: “It’s going great” Him: “I asked because you know, with all the Coronavirus going on” Me *giving him a stank eye* Him: “You’re not from Wuhan, are you? Coz it you’re..”
JUST IN: OFWs from #nCoV-hit city of Wuhan in China have arrived in the Philippines, @DFAPHL 
Seen no mention in the media that the biggest hospital in Wuhan was founded by Swansea’s Griffith John (1831-1912) in 1866. The Union Hospital has 5,000-beds. You’re  
BREAKING: Plane carrying evacuated Filipinos from Wuhan City in China just landed at the Clark International Airport in Pampanga. 
A team of DFAT officers and our AUSMAT partners flew to Wuhan to coordinate the second flight to bring Australians home. Foreign Minister @MarisePayne has confirmed the flight has departed Wuhan and is bound for Australia. 
The Wuhan BSL-4 lab is also a specially designated World Health Organization (WHO) research lab and Dr. Boyle contends that the WHO knows full well what’s occurring.
Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that the World Health Organization (WHO) already knows it.
A second one: Wuhan is burning municipal trash and possibly contaminated animal carcasses. Possible, but why would they not just dump it where they usually do?
Wuhan pneumonia: China confirms New Coronavirus transmission via aerosol through air China's official health department confirmed on Saturday (February 8) that the new coronavirus can be transmitted through the air. 
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Ten Wuhan professors signed an open letter calling for free speech protections in China, citing the arrest and death of Li Wenliang:  …
The DFA brought back to the Philippines today a total of 30 Filipinos who wished to return home from Wuhan City, ground zero of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Acute Respiratory Disease (2019-nCoV ARD). @teddyboylocsin #AssistancetoNationals 
Oohh really? @Ditesh_: WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare 
Nobody's at work in Wuhan, there's a lockdown for a reason. Stop spreading Chinese propaganda.
#Breaking #Coronavirus Friends, we can guess what is happening here... Prayers for #Wuhan  …
DFA says a total of 30 Filipinos from Wuhan were brought back to the Philippines this morning amid the 2019 novel coronavirus outbreak. | : 
Repatriated Filipinos from Wuhan arrive in the Philippine Air Force hangar “Haribon” at Clark early Sunday morning. On site are DFA and DOH officials who will meet them and bring them to their quarantine center in New Clark City Athletes’ village 
“HOME ISOLATION” Wuhan-style......welding your doors shut! 
See this one? Look when it happened. BTW the bio lab in Wuhan is only 8 miles from market. Google maps manipulation  …
Follow us as we take cameras inside the hot zone. Meet the volunteers who work to distribute medical supplies in the #coronavirus epicenter of #Wuhan, China. 
CCP officer in Quanzhou collapse after a raid within #coronavirus raid. #coronavirusoutbreak #CoronaOutbreak #coronaviruschina #WuhanVirus #WuhanLockDown #Wuhan 
Australian state NSW had offered to bring Wuhan evacuees to military base near Sydney hospitals. But Morrison govt opted instead to go for tough border optics, thousands of kilometres from mainland, Christmas Island.  … via @smh
The coronavirus disease spreading around the world has killed 805 people, exceeding the death toll from the global outbreak of SARS that started in China almost 2 decades ago. Reported cases in China alone exceed 36,600 less than 2 months after surfacing in late December in Wuhan
In video blogs and footage posted on Twitter & YouTube, which are both blocked in mainland China, Chen documented plight of patients, the shortage of hospital supplies, & warned of cross-infection in Wuhan’s mass quarantine sites. He's gone missing.  …
China Claims it is spraying an Alcohol and water based disinfectant  the #CoronavirusOutbreak, but the #Wuhan SO2 levels are now "off the chart". Over 2000µg/m^3. #CoronaVirus 
#ChinaCoverUp “IF YOU KEEP being stubborn, fail to repent & continue illegal activities, you will be brought to justice.”: warned the police in Wuhan issued to Li Wenliang early in January. Mr Li, the ophthalmologist who raised alarm re #Coronavius  
Hello Everybody! I am uploading another video that is split up on Twitter today. I highly advise all of you to watch this video and retweet it immediately. This video shows our United States Senator @SenTomCotton knows what’s happening right now in #China. #Wuhan 
Maybe a transfer to Wuhan, China ?
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan days after whistleblower doctor died  …
“Wuhan video smuggled out for your education, information and consideration.. These images define government!” - B32B 
Meet the team smashing down doors to rescue Wuhan's abandoned pets  …
Brazilian President Jair #Bolsonaro decided to help Poland evacuate 4 of its citizens from #Coronavirus-stricken #Wuhan The plane from the #BrazilianAirForce dropped the 4 Poles off in Warsaw before continuing to Brazil. Subscribe to our YouTube 4 more  
LOOK: Drone footage shows the empty streets of #Wuhan, China under its #coronavirus 
#nCoV2019 in Wuhan went from an index case in ~Nov 2019 to several thousand cases by mid-Jan 2020, thus going from initial seeding event to widespread local transmission in the span of ~10 weeks. 2/4 
Germans and their families aboard a British charter plane just left #Wuhan on their way home. We wish safe travels to all. Big thanks to authorities for their exceptional support! #coronavirus
We at CDC offer our condolences to the family of the American citizen who lost his life to novel #coronavirus while in Wuhan, China. We remain vigilant in our efforts to respond to #2019nCoV and continue working to prevent further spread and impact of the virus around the world.
4chan post from doctor in Wuhan reveals the CCP is lying about the deaths, real numbers are 200-400 deaths a day  … 
“We live in fear every day, but still we need to do our job well," #Wuhan hospital worker Qinqin said. "I don’t know what day my life will be over." She has written a will in case anything happens to her during the  …
More than 200 patients infected with the novel #coronavirus were transferred Saturday to Huoshenshan, the 1,000-bed hospital built in 10 days in Wuhan. 
We are pleased to confirm the final evacuation flight out of Wuhan has now departed with over 200 passengers, including British government and medical staff, on board. It is due to arrive in the UK in the early hours of Sunday morning. 
41% of first 138 patients at one hospital in Wuhan, China, were presumed to be infected in that hospital. This is big news- means that nearly half of the initial infections appear to have been spread within itself (piece by ⁦  …
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
New @JAMA study: 41% of first 138 patients w/ #nCoV at hospital in #Wuhan, #China presumed infected in hospital. This is big news. Read why in my piece @CNN: 
a woman with a mask is crying ， “help，my husband is dying，i dont know what to do…” in #Coronavirus quarantine zone possibly #wuhan due to dialect this happens a lot in self quarantine familes，desperation all over the city  …
@howroute #coronavirus #wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #savefangbin @sotiridi @DrEricDing @Dali_Yang @StephenMcDonell @jenniferatntd @blackcat1981 A leak  from a Wuhan Hospital via 4chan. Leaker states between 200-400 deaths a day. Much higher fatality rate. God help us. 
Report: Wuhan Coronavirus Patients Left to Die Without Medical Care  via @BreitbartNews
On Feb 8, the night of traditional Chinese Lantern Festival, landmarks of multiple cities in China were lit up to encourage and bless for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus 
2/8 #coronavirus There are 6 crematoriums in Wuhan. Let’s use average 176 coronavirus death/day/crematorium. 176*6 =1056 Assume deaths in Wuhan counts 90% of total China’s coronavirus death/day 1056/90%= 1173 Assume it started a month Total death =1173*30 = 35200 OMG 
2/8 #coronavirus Epoch Time interviewed a Wuhan crematorium staff- - 11 burner 50 minutes/body - two shifts each staff sleep 2-3h/day - Gov requires body pick-up within 1.5 hours after death - Estimate: this midsize crematorium cremates about 176 bodies/day. Hankou is larger. 
US embassy staff in hazmat suits board a plane in Wuhan , more details : 
Frontline medics in Wuhan. The real heroes of the fight against the #CoronavirusOutbreak. They wear protective clothing FOR 12 hours or more at a stretch while treating patients; no food, no going to the bathroom. These photos were taken after they took their masks 
“How I survived coronavirus" Jia Na, a 24-year-old girl in Wuhan, managed to survive the #coronavirus infection after self-quarantine at home for 11 days. She posted her story online, hoping it would give other patients hope to fight the disease at this difficult 
Made hot dry noodles (热干面), a Wuhan specialty, yesterday to remind myself of that chill city I first visited in 2011 and which shouldn't just be known for a virus. 
@realDonaldTrump I  you reward @MittRomney for his ‘courageous’ act by appointing him our new ambassador to Wuhan Province in China! All those in favor?
#coronavirus doesn't block love. 24 hours in Wuhan Part 2 
"Don't ask any questions about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus... It isn't even more dangerous than the normal flu" -All international mainstream media #StopFlightsFromChina 
A 58-yo Wuhan woman on balcony crying for help: she & her daughter are suspected of nCoV but can’t get admitted. She has high fever and can hardly breath. She can only wait. A WeChat screenshot of  confirmed. Watch it & listen and tell me nCoV is a “media hype”. 
China only SEEMS to be civilized. It is a brutal dictatorship. **Chinese citizen journalist disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Wuhan China: There’s so much more we’re not being told...... Spraying Wuhan with disinfectant, water mixed with 75% alcohol. #Wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak 
#China 's central government has ordered #Wuhan to "ROUND UP" all 'suspected' coronavirus patients as well as their close contacts in mass quarantine camps (even if your suspected!! It's basically a breeding ground for the #coronavirus and a death  …
JAMA paper basically corroborates the depressing stat that >500 healthcare workers been infected by #coronavirus in #Wuhan alone  … My heart goes out to all these heroes who put their lives at risk fighting at frontline! Remember these angels' marks! 
Wuhan woman desperately asking for help on the balcony: Help! My husband is dying. Someone please help me! I can’t do anything! #coronavirus #Wuhan 
A US citizen has died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, according to officials. Meanwhile, thousands of people are trapped on three cruise liners in Asia due to fears surrounding coronavirus among passengers. @willripleyCNN reports.  
Two more @StateDept evacuation flights landed from #Wuhan yesterday, thanks to our great team and @HHSGov, @CDCGov, @DeptofDefense, and state/local officials. @StateDept  to protecting Americans and fighting the spread of the #coronavirus.
sat cctv eve news on central group overseeing the epidemic- 中央赴湖北指导组：应收尽收，刻不容缓 - in wuhan - "round up everyone who needs to be rounded up, no delay tolerated" in effort to quarantine anyone infected or suspected to be infected w the virus  …
Every day in America, for years, Chinese/Asians fly in and disappear into our country Living in their own  They could care less about our laws/tax/country I want YOU to watch two short videos #1 #Wuhan #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The US Embassy in Beijing confirmed a 60-year-old American national had died on Thursday at the Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, while the Chinese government offered condolences for the death of "a Chinese-American." 
A 60-year-old American man infected with coronavirus died at a hospital in Wuhan on Thursday, the U.S. embassy in China has confirmed. It's the first known American death from the outbreak. 
Here's the latest on the coronavirus outbreak: - Singapore reports 7 more cases - American, Japanese patients die in Wuhan - Five Britons on ski holiday in French Alps infected 
The Mysterious Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  … via @epochtimes
A 25-year old Turkish woman was evacuated from Wuhan by the Turkish government, then placed into quarantine when she got back to Turkey. When doctors saw it was her birthday, they still brought her a cake. ( 
A doctor going to #Wuhan to help fighting 2019-nCoV is bidding farewell with his wife. A picture which touched the tender part of our heart. A picture which went viral to the whole world. 
I've seen the videos of Asians being verbally abused and physically assaulted for wearing a face mask. We are scared. We fear for the people in Wuhan, and we fear for the ones who  across the wrong people at the wrong time. For Radio10, it's "just a joke, lighten up". 
Aid organized by the US government, though belated, is still  and we appreciate it. But so far, aid that Chinese people heard from the US leaders are much more than the US aid that people actually saw in Wuhan.  …
Disease is cold and cruel. Love is warm and kind. Every heart of love is protecting the world and shining with the light of human nature!  on! Thanks, Hokkaido! Thanks, Japan! 
The 8-man DFA-DOH Health Emergency Response Team (HERT) are on their way to Wuhan City, Hubei for the repatriation operation of more than 30 Filipinos. | via 
US Confirms First Coronavirus Death - A US Citizen Died at a Hospital in Wuhan, China -- 722 Deaths Worldwide (Video)  … via @gatewaypundit
Deepest bow for Wuhan, China. The whole day she is doing this during this cold winter. She is the most beautiful Japanese girl with kindest heart. Thank you! 
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Chongqing... Chinese cities lightened up on Lantern Festival to show support for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus 
China's highest TV tower, the Canton Tower in Guangzhou, lights up in solidarity with Wuhan. #coronavirus 
Multiple landmarks across Beijing lit up in red to show solidarity with Wuhan, the epicenter of #Coronavirus. The phrase "Stay strong Wuhan Stay strong China" was also displayed on the buildings. 
[PHOTO] 200208 #THE8 Weibo Update "Wishing for everyone to be safe forever and always. Wuhan fighting, China fighting." @pledis_17 @pledis_17jp #SEVENTEEN #세븐틴 
Wuhan is racing to create more temporary hospitals to cope with the surging number of patients infected with the coronavirus. This makeshift hospital was turned from a cultural  
Only Wuhan & Hubei officials? Why don't you ask #CCP to apologize for 35-day coverup. #coronaviruschina now is China's Chernobyl. Chinese people deserve free speech, free media, & the  …
Today, an American Citizen in Wuhan has died...the first foreigner to succumb to the Wuhan coronavirus in China. Dear @OfwonoOpondo we don’t want to join that list, please take us home. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
When you win the Grand Prize on a game show and they send you on a Mystery Vacation to Wuhan, China 
Jia Na, a 24-year-old nurse, working at Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, has recovered from the novel #coronavirus. She shares her experience of recovering in 11 
A Brazilian air force plane has evacuated an Indian from novel coronavirus-hit Wuhan in China along with a group of Brazilian citizens: Diplomatic sources #coronavirus
This right here is tons of US aid arriving in Wuhan. US doctors ready to go when China gives the ok  …
Translation: “In Wuhan, people are being forcibly picked up from homes and sent to special centers where there is no water, food, toilets. If people do not want to go, then the police is dragging them.”  …
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
A United States citizen died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, embassy officials said Saturday, marking the first known American death from the outbreak that has killed hundreds. 
Wuhan  communities to ensure every confirmed or suspected patient is located and attended to, as a senior official vowed to nail any official deserter "to history's pillar of shame." #coronavirus 
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
As Wuhan remains under intense pressure trying to manage the spread of the coronavirus, Chinese language learners overseas have offered words of encouragement to the people of Wuhan and China. Let's hear what students from PKU-affiliated Confucius Institutes around the world say! 
BREAKING: the 1st American has died from #coronavirus (60 yo man in #Wuhan), as the #2019nCoV death toll surges: 86 deaths in 1 daytotal of 723 “confirmed” in #China. Nearly 35,000 confirmed cases + another 28,000 suspected + MANY more  …
A veteran police officer in #Wuhan calls his colleagues not to suppress the people but fight the #coronavirus  …
A study by Harvard University researchers has suggested that Indonesia should have confirmed cases of #coronavirus already, considering the high air travel volume from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak in China, to the country  …
WATCH: Chinese authorities are now WELDING DOORS SHUT to whole apartment buildings, as well as residents inside - to impose #Coronavirus quarantine. #Wuhan 
MRC director: - China: only 10% of cases detected - Overseas: only 25% of cases detected - 50,000 infections daily in China - Doubling every 5 days - Wuhan peak: 1 month from now - China peak: 2 to 3 months from now - Mild carriers self-sustaining - Onset to death: over 20 days
Amazing. Brazil’s far-right gov declined to help get citizens of lefty neighbor Argentina out of Wuhan.  …
“Pakistan is not in such a bad state to ask India for help”: Pakistani students abandoned in Wuhan place hate for India ahead of own life 
Stay strong, China! Stay strong, Wuhan！Many buildings along Shanghai's landmark Bund illuminated these slogans to express their solidarity in the fight against the #coronavirus on Sat, which is the day for the traditional Chinese Lantern 
I’m not one to harp on bad headlines but do think we all have a role with #coronavirus to try to curb panic. I suspect headlines will get worse in any event. In other words, the American here died in Wuhan and never was in US with disease.  …
We are still waiting for YOUR apology @HuXijin, for accusing 8 #Wuhan whistleblower medics of rumor-mongering. YOU treated Dr #LiWenliang like a criminal. Everyone knows. And you know everyone knows.
I want to help HK Medics who have  horrible Wuhan pneumonia with single masks. I don’t know how I can help them. Please shut all the boarders  …
An employee appreciation dinner was held in Wuhanafter the Huoshenshan Hospital  Thousands of construction workers have participated in the event Workers weren't wearing a mask and standing closely to each other #Coronavirus #WuhanVirus #2019nCoV 
BREAKING: The five people with new cases of coronavirus in France are all British nationals. Seven new cases of coronavirus in Thailand. US citizen in Wuhan has died of coronavirus.
#coronavirus Upsubstantiated report with pix posted on 4chan by someone claiming to be a medical staff in #wuhan Pix seem legit & taken in Wuhan CoronaVirus hospital. Speaks of 5-10% NO SYMPTOM cases. This was confirmed by quarantined couple on cruiseship. 30% mortality? 
American citizen in Wuhan has died from coronavirus, U.S. embassy in Beijing confirms: 
This boy @rahatullah41 from Bajaur studying in Wuhan China just DMed saying they haven't yet been evacuated and the Pakistan Embassy doesn't even know about them. That the hospitals are full so the Corona patients are being shifted to the dormitories next doors. Help them please 
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This #Wuhan resident showed how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
Coronavirus latest: - American citizen dies in Wuhan - Five Britons infected after sharing French ski chalet - Death toll closing in on SARS total 
A moving scene from Wuhan: video of residents who organized a cortège of 8 cars to bid sad farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang.  
Open letter by 10 Wuhan professors: -enforce freedom of speech according to art 35 and 51 of the PRC Constit -apologize to  8 whistleblowers -recognize Li Wenliang as national martyr  …
The U.S. Embassy in Beijing says a 60-year-old American citizen diagnosed with the new virus died in Wuhan, apparently the first American fatality of the outbreak. 
Two Bruneians in Wuhan safely evacuated.  …
Singapore quite happening eh. Chinese panic buy all household items, wuhan virus spreading, malay guy main bini org nak lari negeri. Wah luckily we indians chill only
1/2 #WuhanDiary d11 —— 06.02.2020 Diary of Wuhan Quarantine Illustrate&Post for a friend “I just saw a friend in WeChat group asking for help，“My mother and grandma have started to have trouble breathing.” #coronavirus 
China's Wuhan city, epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, has opened another makeshift hospital providing 1,500 beds. Here are the countries with reported cases as of 0700GMT 
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01
I'm not sure how economists can argue with a straight face China's Q1 GDP will grow 4-5%. The whole country on lockdown Factory workers will quit rather than return to factories until Wuhan virus under control Global supply chains & inventories will be decimated
LOOK: Filipinos start arriving at Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan City for the repatriation DFA Undersecretary Brigido Dulay 
Live: #Coronavirus patients are gradually moving to Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital after  today  …
New Report on 138 Coronavirus Cases Reveals Disturbing Details 1 patient, in Wuhan, China, infected at least 10 health care workers & 4 other patients with coronavirus that sickened more than 34,000 people, killed 700 & reached 2 dozen other countries. 
| FORZA CHINA Inter's players will wear a special patch with a message for Wuhan and the entire Chinese population for the #DerbyMilano  
SPECIAL CORONAVIRUS PODCAST. We're launching long reads of Caixin's exclusive four-part in-depth report on the epidemic. Part one explores how official efforts in Wuhan to downplay the risks delayed initial responses to contain the virus.  
Mainland China had its deadliest day in the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak Friday, with authorities reporting 86 fatalities.  Follow the latest 
"true number of exposed cases affected in Wuhan may be vastly underestimated. With a focus on thousands of serious cases, mild or asymptomatic courses that possibly account for the bulk of the 2019-nCoV infections might remain largely unrecognized.."  …
China's Wuhan opens second makeshift 1,500-bed hospital to fight #coronavirus |  
When China sealed off Wuhan, it also crippled a key piece of the global supply chain. Here's how the coronavirus fight could backfire on the world economy 
WUHAN FLU UPDATE: We spray for mosquitoes with a small truck. For the #CoronavirusOutbreak in Wuhan they’re using monster sprayer trucks. What are they not telling us? 
Epidemiologic and Clinical Characteristics of Novel Coronavirus Infections Involving 13 Patients Outside Wuhan, China.  … via @JAMA_current
New JAMA article from Wuhan just out a few hours ago may make us rethink a bit: 10% presenting with nausea gi symptoms prior to respiratory symptoms, including a patient admitted to the surgical unit who infected multiple hospital staff  …
Our hearts go to the brave citizen journalist from Wuhan, Chen Quishi, who has gone missing after exposing the immense bureaucratic mess and suppression by Chinese authorities... hope you are safe sir... stay strong Wuhan 
Wuhan has set up mobile cabin hospitals to receive #coronavirus patients with mild symptoms. CGTN takes a look into one of such hospitals to see the conditions 
One pic tells all (up) 2003 SARS (down) 2020 Wuhan Coronavirus Police got all the protective materials but do nothing. Medical staff couldn't get enough masks & were asked to go into wards with patients. This HK gov is shittier than anyone can expect 
Good morning folks! Best of the weekend. When you pray, don’t forget our brothers and sisters in Wuhan, China. 
Ugh, it's begun. "At crucial times, the superiority of China's system is even more apparent" (Headline of column in today's People's Daily, which touts the building of the emergency hospitals in Wuhan. Oddly enough, no mention of Dr Li Wenliang.)  
#CoronavirusOutbreak The second prefab hospital dedicated to novel coronavirus patients, Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital, is preparing to admit patients. The first batch of medical staff has entered the hospital. 
Pangolins are covered in overlapping scales thought to have medicinal properties. They are the most heavily trafficked non-human mammals in the world which is being blamed as a source of #coronavirus. Not the L4 biochemical containment lab in #Wuhan. 
This is one of the quarantine place in #Wuhan Pray for the 400 million population has been locked down in the cities in China.  …
UPDATE: American citizen dies of #coronavirus in Wuhan - in what appears to be the first confirmed foreign death. 
Shopping in Wuhan on lockdown: Follow Xinhua reporter Xu Zeyu to see how epidemic changes daily routines of city residents #WuhanToday epi.02 
An American died at a hospital in China's Wuhan province on Thursday, the U.S. embassy confirmed Saturday. It's the first known U.S. death in the epidemic, which @WHO has declared a global health 
See what ridicule Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan have for India and for the proposition of them being evacuated by India on Pak's request. Pakistan is not a country, it's a cult, a psyche. 
#Break Brazil rescues 1 Indian national from #Wuhan Brazilian Air Force flight with 40 evacuees dropped off 4 Poles, 1 Chinese, 1 Indian in Poland. @IndiaToday @MEAIndia @jairbolsonaro @narendramodi @DrSJaishankar @BrazilEmbassyIN @indiainbrazil #coronavirus 
@chenqiushi404, one of the last independent voices covering the coronavirus outbreak from within Wuhan has been "forcibly quarantined" by the government, according to friends. No one has heard from him since Thursday night. Our story:  …
#EverydayHero Wang Xinyue, a nurse from Shijiazhuang People's Hospital, went to Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan to help fight against the #coronavirus. Her 87-year-old grandma made a video to back her 
Inside the "Fire's Eye" laboratory in #Wuhan: the new lab, opened on Feb 6, can detect up to 10,000 samples per day for nucleic acid test for novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP). Over 20 medical institutions and 12 third-party bodies in Wuhan are now qualified for such testing. 
On the deadliest day of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, with 86 fatalities in mainland China, the US Embassy confirmed the first death of a US citizen from the virus  
Good Morning Uganda, Today the Wuhan Coronavirus cases stand at; • Confirmed 34,627 (3416 higher than yesterday) • Suspected cases 27,657 (4214 higher than yesterday) • Dead 723 (86 higher than yesterday) Dear Gov’t, are we really safer here? #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Because Thomas doesn’t support people power the other gang already labeled him an NRM supporter and according to them “let him stay trapped in Wuhan”. Y’all have a long way to go with your brains bambi
The #coronavirus official figures going past the SARS official death toll will be a key moment in #China. Now 36,627 infected; another 27,657 suspected of infection; 723 dead (including a #US citizen in #Wuhan) and 2127 recovered and released from hospital.
Insane? 10,000 #Wuhan people eating together, in the newly built Leishenshan hospital. Masks off, close contacts, happily sharing food! BTW, this is a video from local authority, to promote #China’s magnificent effort to contain the #coronavirus. 
Send those refs to Wuhan
Video: #China infected people purposely spreading virus in #Wuhan, points to a cult in china tied to lab in wuhan spreading virus. china has shut down cities on mass scale to prevent such acts. #CoronarvirusOutbreak #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #wuhan  …
[WEIBO] 200208 #JUN Weibo Update "Paying respect to the warriors at the frontline, cheering Wuhan and China on! Waiting for spring  for suffering to no longer be heard of and for the world to be safe and healthy." @pledis_17 @pledis_17jp #SEVENTEEN #세븐틴 
A Japanese man in his 60s suspected of contracting coronavirus has died of pneumonia in a Wuhan hospital, according to the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
#BREAKING: 7 new cases of the Novel #coronavirus in Thailand, the total is now at 32. Among the new case are 4 Chinese (1 tourist, 3 family members of a former case) and 3 Thais (1 contact with a former case, 1 Thai flying in from Wuhan, 1 contact with tourist). 10 discharged.
Daily Updates of nCoV figures in China. 34546 confirmed, 27657 suspected, 722 deaths, 2050 recovered Experts: more progress, yet need time for the turning point. WHO DG Tedros: “The Wuhan ppl and Hubei are paying a lot… It protects their people, also the rest of the world.” 
They're in Wuhan, this isn't any different than before.
Hundreds of volunteers have formed a lifeline for the residents of Wuhan, China, a sprawling metropolis of 11 million people, by driving medical staff to and from overcrowded hospitals where rows of feverish patients are fighting the coronavirus outbreak 
#UPDATE The death toll from China's #coronavirus outbreak soars to 722, including the first foreign victim, a 60-year-old US citizen diagnosed with the virus who died in Wuhan, the city at the epicentre of the health emergency  
RTHK: It’s understood that lawyer Chen Qiushi ⁦ @chenqiushi404⁩ was was taken way by national security officials in Wuhan on Feb 6 for “medical isolation”. Chen went to Wuhan on Jan 24 to record and report the #nCoV2019  …
While Pakistan ignored its citizens in coronavirus hit Wuhan, India had offered to evacuate them along with all neighbours: Foreign minister tells Rajya Sabha 
The American who died from the coronavirus in Wuhan was a woman, around 60 years old, who had underlying health conditions, according to two people familiar with the matter. Follow our updates here.  …
200208 Jun weibo update #AntivirusCampaign Salute to the fighters against virus. Cheer for Wuhan and China! Hoping for spring  despite all the hardness it may take. Hope everything’s wanna be fine. #HandwritingRelay #Jun #문준휘 #文俊辉 
Japan's Foreign Ministry says a Japanese man died of severe pneumonia at a Wuhan hospital. He is believed to have be infected with the new coronavirus but it was difficult to make a diagnosis and Chinese officials listed his cause of death as "viral pneumonia"
Report: Two Wuhan Funeral Homes Cremating 300+ Bodies a Day 
Jun: salute to the frontline soldiers (medical workers), fighting for wuhan, for China! (in a poetic way)I'm willing to wait for the spring. Hope till then the pains will disappear, the world will be safe and sound #세븐틴⁠ ⁠⁠ #SEVENTEEN⁠ ⁠⁠ #준 #JUN #文俊辉 
#BREAKING US citizen dies of coronavirus in Wuhan: embassy 
Japan and the United States have each said over the last hour that one their citizens died in Wuhan after being infected with the #coronavirus.
JUST IN: US citizen in Wuhan has died of coronavirus
Reuters: U.S. CITIZEN DIED FROM CORONAVIRUS IN CHINA'S WUHAN IN FIRST DEATH OF AN AMERICAN FROM OUTBREAK - NEW YORK TIMES
"You had to have had exposure to the South China Seafood Market, you needed to have had a fever and test positive for the virus. You had to meet all three criteria in order to be diagnosed. " Reporter's Notebook: Life and death in a Wuhan coronavirus ICU 
#BREAKING: A United States citizen has died from the new coronavirus in Wuhan, China, in what appeared to be the first death of an American from the outbreak. (1/2)
SCOOP: A U.S. citizen died in Wuhan on Thursday from the coronavirus, in what appeared to be the first death of an American from the outbreak. The person was around 60 years old.  …
Dear people in Wuhan, China and other countries, who are now facing hard times caused by the coronavirus outbreak, Keep fighting and stay strong! Our love and thoughts are with you all. 
Hundreds of volunteers have formed a lifeline for the residents of Wuhan, China, a sprawling metropolis of 11 million people, by driving medical staff to and from overcrowded hospitals where rows of feverish patients are fighting the coronavirus outbreak 
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
As China races to contain the Wuhan coronavirus, a hospital has been built in just 10 days, and another is expected to open soon. How do you go about creating — in a matter of days — a large-scale field hospital? 
China has still not invited US health experts to help with the fight against the Wuhan virus even though the US made the offer more than a month ago, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said 
One patient, admitted to a hospital in Wuhan, China, infected at least 10 health care workers and 4 other patients with the new coronavirus 
BREAKING: A Japanese man suspected of testing positive for the novel coronavirus has died in Wuhan, China, Japan's Foreign Ministry announced. It is the first instance of a Japanese national dying from the disease. 
For all the low IQ seculars who want India to rescue Paki students abandoned by their country in Wuhan - here's a slap from the Pakistanis themselves. These students say they don't want India's help. Being from hellhole Pakistan, they are  in hellhole Wuhan.  …
Imprisoned at home at shooting that viral 8 bodies in 5 minutes" #coronavirus video of #Wuhan hospital, #FangBin says, Our homeland is enslaved by Marxism. We need to reclaim our homeland. We must unite under the banner of 
All 645 Indians evacuated from China's Wuhan test negative for  …
Two cruise ships are quarantined in Asia. Another has been turned away from some ports, though there is no suggestion that any passengers, current or former, have been infected with Wuhan coronavirus. Here's what we know. 
Imprisoned at home at shooting that viral 8 bodies in 5 minutes" #coronavirus video of #Wuhan hospital, #FangBin calls for a nationwide resistance movement. "Everyone should be united to fight against the tyranny of the Communist Party." Evil doers should be held 
...so, what exactly are the Chineses Military spraying in Wuhan? 
11/ If you wonder saying  from Wuhan, China  what about saying  from Germany or an encephalitis virus originating from Japan?
3/ On the other hand, people have been vigorously debating about whether it is “racist” or xenophobic to call the virus “Wuhan Virus” or is it acceptable to highlight the virus originating from China.
Those empty streets of Wuhan having a population of 11 million are shaping a deadly atmosphere in China. Its pretty shocking to know where they all have gone. This ghost look of such a big city is thoroughly abnormal. China must tell the world...the bitter reality #coronavirus 
Here's a look into one of #Wuhan's "hospitals" created to treat patients with #CoronaVirus. If you didn't have it  to the hospital, you definitely have it after entering. The #CCP is turning hospitals into morgues. 
These missionaries are worst people on planet. They did this during Tsunami and now in Wuhan too. These are dangerous than #Coronavius  …
China orders Wuhan to round up all suspected coronavirus patients and put them in quarantine camps 
LOOK: Buses that will transport Pinoys from Wuhan after their arrival have their seats wrapped in plastic and the driver area isolated with a plastic barrier. | via 
Guy runs a noodle shop called Wuhan during this shitshow, last time I saw an unfortunate naming scheme like that was the 80s. 
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02
#Sydney’s Chinese residents have set up a memorial to Wuhan whistle blower Li Wenliang, who died this week from the 
Sounds promising (Hangzhou has 9.8 million people. It's 350 miles from Wuhan.)  …
"Today we're sending Steve-O to a Wuhan shopping market with nipple clamps on and have him cough on people"  …
Give me 27 mill a year and y’all can ship me to Wuhan
Videos are surfacing from hastily put-together shelter "hospitals" used to quarantine people with mild coronavirus symptoms in Wuhan. The facility does not appear to have proper bathrooms and toilets are 200 meters away outside, which can be a problem if it's raining. 
(1/x) Many Chinese cities adopting aggressive lockdown policies  coronavirus. Include: tough controls on mobility & collection of personal information. In Wuhan, mass shelters too. Definitely worth seeing if Party specifically drawing on recent policies in Xinjiang...
Joe Biden looks like the Wuhan virus is hitting him hard. No wonder he's been in hiding and not campaigning for days. He belongs in quarantine.
One of the worlds largest manufactures of bubble wrap is located in Wuhan China. Think about that next time you start popping the air out of bubble wrap.
Plane carrying 70 Americans returning from Wuhan, China, the center of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, lands at Eppley Airfield in  …
NEW: U.S. CDC says *five* people at Travis AFB north of San Francisco who arrived on two evacuation flights from Wuhan, China are “symptomatic” of #coronavirus - but have not been officially diagnosed. There are 234 people quarantined at that base. @CBSNews is here.
3. 370,000 students fm China in US developing personal connections btwn US institutions & Chinese alumni/colleges.  … Arrested Harvard professor was “Strategic Scientist” at Wuhan University of Technology in China.  … Traitors for 
Joe Biden at tonight's debate, "I took a gut punch in Iowa, but I survived. I have the Wuhan virus, but I'm still alive."
The grand dining hall at construction site of #Leishenshan Hospital in #Wuhan, one of the two special hospitals built in 10 days to host #coronavirus patients. #雷神山医院 （工地？）万人食堂。 #武汉肺炎 
Wuhan disinfection program is frightening to say the least. 
People have shown up at Wuhan Central Hospital bringing flowers to pay respect and condolences to Dr. Li Wenliang who died from the novel #coronavirus at 34. He was one of the first to warn fellow medical professionals of the new virus. (Xinhua photos by Wang 
“Snowmaking”, Wuhan style (where do you even get machines like that?) Either China has gone off the deep end in its reaction to a few hundred deaths, or it’s not a few hundred deaths. 
Doctor Warns Up To 30% Of Medical Staff Working In Wuhan Hospital Now Infected With nCoV |  …
The Ugandans in Wuhan are so brave but no one should ever be forced into a situation where there is no choice but to be brave
CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK: 300+ Americans are under quarantine in San Antonio after escaping Wuhan. 4 passengers with flu-like symptoms were removed from a cruise ship in the U.S. Separately, 61 cases were confirmed on a ship in Japan. Here’s @RamyInocencio  
“There is no medicine, no medical staff, no hot water, very limited food, no heating… This in fact is a death camp!” Since Feb. 5, the #Wuhan gov't began sending #Coronavirus patients to these makeshift hospitals—called “ #Fangcang” facilities in  …
#Coronavius MOMENTO EMOTIVO #Whistleblowers What an emotional and special moment in wuhan, China !! People of Wuhan are blowing whistles in honour of Dr. Li Wenliang , the whistleblower of coronavirus , who died yesterday . 
A leaked photo shared on Chinese social media has revealed hundreds of medical workers in the #Coronavirus epicenter of #Wuhan have been infected with the virus.  …
Have to watch this Wuhan Nurse tells the Truth! 
Little Wuhan Noodle food review! @TheMenzoid visits a local restaurant targeted by #coronavirus trolls. WATCH IT ON YOUTUBE:  
Worthy piece in FT on China: Outbreak is challenging Communist Pty’s claim that authoritarian leadership is superior to western models of democracy as cover up, censorship & denial, back in Dec, lead to 5m people passing through Wuhan City before travel ban initiated 3 wks later 
"The Wuhan coronavirus epidemic has once again wrong-footed medical experts and taken the world by surprise," writes Mark Honigsbaum 
Ningxi Xu was one of hundreds of Americans evacuated from Wuhan. She recounts the efforts to get on the flight and leaving her family behind in the epicentre of the coronavirus 
Chinese Netizens and Expert Suspect Wuhan Bioresearch Lab Is the Source of the Coronavirus  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #Coronavirus #Bioweapons #BioResearch
While much of the world's attention has been focused on the Wuhan coronavirus, there's another virus that has been keeping doctors offices around the country incredibly busy this time of year 
I have to write an apology letter! I never knew he was invited to Wuhan to go cure coronavirus. Sega the Messiah.
After Wuhan was put under lockdown, thousands of volunteer drivers helped doctors and nurses get to hospitals; other residents to work, school. This video features one of them, a 28-year-old woman from  … article:  …
This one requires contexts to understand: A woman managed to get her donations (worth 40K RMB) directly to a Wuhan hospital, bypassing the notoriously slow Wuhan Red Cross. She did this by live-posting the whole process on Weibo to her 1.3M followers.  …
Countless online volunteer groups sprang up to connect journalists w/ sources, collect/get donations to Wuhan hospitals. Many of these organizers are young, from all walks of life. Some spent 16+ hours a day online coordinating  …
LEAKED FOOTAGE SHOWS THE WUHAN CHECKPOINT NOW OCCUPIED BY THE CHINESE MILITARY. THE GOVERNMENT HAS PLACED QUARANTINE ZONES UNDER MILITARY CONTROL DUE TO THE OUTBREAK OF CORONAVIRUS. 
Condolences and sadness filled the hearts of people across the country on Friday after a doctor in #Wuhan — who had originally been reprimanded for sounding an early alarm on the novel coronavirus — died of the very same pathogen early in the morning. #LiWenliang
How bad is it in China? I fear it's worse than we think & that epidemics like the one in #Wuhan will soon erupt in many of the major cities (a month behind Wuhan) From what I'm hearing the same goes for HK & Singapore Number of infected onboard cruise ship = increased to 60 
To all those stupid people on social media attempting to make jokes about feeling sorry for the Britons returning from Wuhan and being quarantined in Milton Keynes... You're not actually funny. MK is fab, thriving & has  & is am awesome place to live. 
A new report in a medical journal said the infection was spreading inside a Wuhan hospital taking care of patients. - Now you understand why they don’t want to be in those hospitals 
Li Wenliang, the ophthalmologist who sounded the alarm on the coronavirus, and was previously reprimanded by police in the city of Wuhan for spreading 'illegal and false' information about, died from the virus on Friday  
Those videos circulating of quarantined Wuhan residents chanting ‘Keep it up, Wuhan’ out of their windows to boost morale send shivers down my spine 
Coronavirus Case Series in Wuhan, China In a single-center case series of 138 patients hospitalized with novel coronavirus #pneumonia 38 (26%) required ICU admission. 6 (4.3%) died. 57 (41.3%) were presumed to have been infected in the hospital, includin…  
In December, Dr. Li Wenliang of Wuhan, China, tried to sound the alarm about the dangers of the new coronavirus, which at the time was just emerging. His warnings were quashed by authorities. And now he’s dead.  …
Are they burning thousands of bodies in Wuhan? 
Chairs extend their condolences to the family & friends of Dr. #LiWenliang. He was silenced by the police for raising the alarm about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus & tragically died from it yesterday. He is rightly being hailed as a hero by the #Chinese  …
One surgical department patient appears to have infected 10 health care workers, according to doctors at the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in a report in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) 
Two weeks into a 24-hour a day operation to fly Americans out of Wuhan, moments of tedium and tension are broken by whoops and applause at the words, "Wheels up!" Inside the heart of the U.S. effort to evacuate Americans from China. 
Dr. Li Wenliang — an ophthalmologist working in Wuhan, China — tried to warn people about the new coronavirus. But he was censored. Early Friday, he died after being infected weeks ago. He was 34. 
Happening overnight in #Wuhan shouting together from their apartments...Some say they shouted to pay tribute to Li Wenliang, who first exposed #CoronaVirus Outbreak, and who died 
Citizens in #Wuhan #China allegedly turned off lights, used mobile phones/flashlights pointed to the sky as they mourned Dr. Li Wenliang who was the first to warn the world of the #Coronavirus 
Video shows Wuhan checkpoint now manned by the Chinese Army. The Chinese government put the quarantined zones under military control. 
For those in HK this scene (the “Wuhan Calling” tonight) will be very familiar. Like HK’s “10pm calling” it is an expression  & solidarity among people isolated in their apartments, & also a primal scream of rage at a govt not listening to its people. (HT  …
Can’t confirm, but this is supposed to be the salute given to Li Wenliang tonight in Wuhan. If it’s real, it’s incredible. The physical version of what’s been happening on the Chinese Internet for the past 24 hours.  …
#Wuhan Horrible sight of deserted streets, rotten dead bodies, affected people's houses sealed from outside, people trying to break open the windows and doors  out in search of medical help........ That's the sad state of Chinese city. 
But mama, Ugandans in Wuhan aren't okay. Shouldn't that worry you? Or it's pass time?  …
Being in Wuhan right now is like being in the movie “I am Legend”
Christians at the centre of #China's #Coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan still preaching on streets. There's really no excuse to not preaching this Gospel oo Psalm 67:2 Send us around the world with the news of your saving power and your eternal plan for all mankind. 
I’m watching a YouTube video of a man whose wife is infected with the Coronavirus in Wuhan, and he is vlogging each day as he takes care of her. They seem to be a fairly rich couple from their apartment but still I am so worried for him. I hope his wife makes it.
Coronavirus: Next Britons flown from Wuhan to be taken to Milton Keynes Haven’t they suffered enough?  …
Still interested in the Wuhan virus? Get it before it's gone! 
Pets stranded in #coronavirus epicentre Wuhan were at risk of starvation. Animals Asia was keen to help and has been supporting Wuhan Small Animal Protection Association to save hundreds of cats and dogs. #BraveryInAction Read more:  
29% — that’s the % of the 138 #coronavirus infected patients who are actually infected medical staff in one Wuhan hospital. Almost 1 in 3 patients being hospital healthcare workers is just insane. New case series report in JAMA:  
Our Govt decided to evacuate Indian students & other professionals working in #Wuhan & neighbouring cities. Two spl Air India flights were operated on 31 Jan & Feb 1 to bring back 654 passengers, incl 647 Indian citizens & 7 Maldivian nationals. #nCoV19 #coronaviruschina 
Now is the most difficult time. There are many patients in Wuhan, but not enough hospital beds. Some patients with minor symptoms can't be admitted to hospital. Number of infection cases outside Hubei is still growing. The next week or two is key.
Christian Missionaries use the Coronavirus outbreak to “bring The Gospel” and convert people in Wuhan 
A special message about how the Lord is using believers in Wuhan, China! 
The Corona Virus pandemic is ... getting more and more frightening ... this is the latest announcement in the U.S.A ... and also below that ... a latest clip leaked from Wuhan ... 
When virologists and medical experts around the globe discussed the suspicious nature of the #Coronavirus and pointed to #Wuhan’s P4 lab as a likely source, netizens inside #China were  …
It may have mutated in a walking "Biological Lab" i.e. a Human Being. 1. Dr. Charles Lieber helped the Chinese set up a Lvl IV Bio Lab in Wuhan City from 2012-2017 2. It went Operational in Jan of 2018 3. Dr. Lieber was ARRESTED 4 days after the CDC got Samples of 
Yuli Yang @once, a journalist from #Wuhan, shares stories about her vibrant city. "With these mini-tales of Wuhan, I hope you can open up a small space in your heart...A space to love and to support the millions of my fellow Wuhaners."  …
While Pakistan ignored its citizens in coronavirus hit Wuhan, India had offered to evacuate them along with all neighbours: Foreign minister tells Rajya Sabha 
Sky News understands British citizens flying back from the Chinese city of Wuhan on Sunday will be quarantined at a facility in Milton Keynes
Humanity Above All "We had told all the students and  in Wuhan that we were prepared to bring back our own ppl but all the ppl in our neighbourhood" "The offer was for all but Only 7 nationals of Maldives chose to avail the offer" Thank you @DrSJaishankar 
People in #Wuhan shouting together from their apartments last night. Some say they shouted to pay tribute to Li Wenliang, who first exposed #CoronaVirus Outbreak, and who died yesterday. What they shouted though, is "Wuhan, Add oil", meaning keep fighting, pump up, or cheer up 
Wuhan government mourns Li Wenliang, a young doctor who passed away after being infected with novel coronavirus while working at a local hospital; Li will  by work-related injury insurance  
My brother leaving Wuhan on the last government flight out of there. They’ll be quarantined for 14 days. #Coronavius 
A Wuhan resident said he climbed up rusty pipes to a third-floor balcony of an apartment to gain entry into the home of a couple, to save starving cats trapped inside 
As per reports, around 800 Pakistanis students are studying in various universities in Wuhan  …
You people are jokers, what do you have against Ugandans in Wuhan? You didn’t stop America, Australia, Britain, Germany, France, South Korea, Japan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt and The Sudan from evacuating their citizens. Why Ugandans ?  …
Clinical Characteristics of Patients With 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV)–Infected Pneumonia in Wuhan, China  a very important paper published in @JAMA_current on #2019nCoV. 26% required ICU care; 4.3% mortality and significant transmission to HCW.
BREAKING NEWS Prime minister Boris Johnson appoints former speaker John Bercow as ambassador to the city of Wuhan in China. More soon
the paranoia is RIDICULOUS dorscon orange suddenly everybody need maggi meh wtf this kiasu mentality even got my mom actin outta pocket yelling at me to get all the laundry detergent like sis u gotta be trippin if u think we gon wash out wuhan wit dynamo
Spraying Wuhan with disinfectant, water mixed with 75% alcohol. Not powder like people have been saying. #Wuhan #WuhanVirus 
China orders Wuhan to round up all suspected coronavirus patients and put them in quarantine camps 
So touching! Pakistani children send messages to motivate doctors, paramedics & people of #China and #Wuhan to fight the #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Please check out the HeartCry update on the boldness of the believers in Wuhan, China in the midst of the Corona virus -  …
People of #Wuhan mourning Dr. Li’s passing by blowing whistles in front of the hospital he worked for. 
chinese : *starts wuhan* also chinese : *grabs all food and supplies from supermarkets until no more stock bcoz they dont want to leave house due to DORSCON Orange* us non chinese who jst wants to buy milk : 
What an emotional and special moment in wuhan, China !! People of Wuhan are blowing whistles in honour of Dr. Li Wenliang , the whistleblower of #coronavirus , who died yesterday 
Respect for the construction workers! Timelapse video shows 12 days of constructing Leishenshan hospital with 1,600 beds amid the #coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan. 
Chinese social media has exploded into near-unprecedented levels of grief and fury against the government after the death of the Wuhan doctor who was targeted by police for trying to sound the alarm on coronavirus 
Video from Wuhan tonight. An emotional send off for Dr 
India's offer of evacuating people from China's Wuhan was extended to all its neighbours: S Jaishankar  …
I can’t imagine what I would do if the British government refused to evacuate me from a country with a deadly virus outbreak. what do you mean “stay there”? deep that Wuhan are running out of supplies. people are living in fear. people are dying. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Did you hear about the guy who brought Coronavirus to India? Woh Wuhan se Yahan le aaya
Is the Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak threatening President Xi's hold on power?  
Dear @OfwonoOpondo , all our Universities are going to be turned into Hospitals....so the next Semester(which is supposed to begin next week) won’t be starting for at least 3months, 3 MONTHS of horror for the Ugandans stranded in Wuhan.  …
"The Wuhan people and Hubei province in general are paying a lot. I would like to appreciate them and thank them for their cooperation... It protects their people and also the rest of the world," said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. #Coronavirus 
#Wuhan will transform the Provincial Communist Party School and all colleges in the city into temporary hospitals, expecting to add 5,400 beds for #coronavirus infected patients with mild 
Enough scary videos for one day...let me share a funny one...people didn’t sleep in this neighborhood in Wuhan where an employee forgot to turn off the microphone after he broadcasted the epidemic prevention notice and slept next to the microphone 
kun send letter to Chinese nurses “Pay deep respect to all the "angels" who are now working hard in the hospital. Please take good care of yourselves.Everything will be fine,We worked together to  the difficulties Wuhan jiayou China jiayou” kind boy 
Slices of life under lockdown in Wuhan.  … Many thanks to Josh @joshkellerjosh and colleagues for turning my raw material into a story.
“I just want to save his life.” Visits to Wuhan medical facilities in recent days reveal a health system still unable to cope with the coronavirus outbreak. 
this is how Malaysia brought back their citizens from Wuhan to Malaysia. in the meantime, we hear that some DFA employees went to Wuhan without any protective gear to do the same to pinoys stuck there. what is this, a suicide mission for the DFA employees?  …
Inside Wuhan's new coronavirus hospital: Leishenshan Hospital is the second SARS treatment-model hospital in Wuhan to battle the novel 
Bernie's  is awesome and we need state-controlled medicine! Oh, by the way, it took the Chinese Communists a whole day of deleted, reposted, and re-deleted bulletins to admit a whistleblowing doctor died of the Wuhan virus.  …
According to @DrTedros, the safest way for foreign nationals in Wuhan is to stay put and ensure effective self-protection. Hasty movement will add more uncertainties. Confirmed cases have been detected among some foreign evacuees, which increase the risk of further spread. 
80 Indian students still in coronavirus-hit Wuhan: Jaishankar Read @ANI story |  
Dr. Li Wenliang—the doctor in #Wuhan who first sounded the alarm to fellow physicians about the #CoronavirusOutbreak—died a hero. This brave man PUT HIS OWN LIFE ON THE LINE to save others from #coronavirus and then paid the ultimate price. May he #RIP.  …
Few people except me are rude enough to remind @qingqingparis that the paper for which she works heralded the crushing of “rumors” in Wuhan, and that she is  in the spread of this virus and the many deaths that will result, including the death of Dr. Li.  …
Jimmy, please ask Taehyung V if he is aware of the various charity work his fanbase is doing. Most recently, Taehyung's Chinese fanbase, China V Bar, donated 70k surgical masks (KRW 12.74m ) to Wuhan. V inspires his fans to give back to the society! 
A doctor in Wuhan who was reprimanded by the police for his early warnings about the dangers of the coronavirus has died, triggering an extraordinary outpouring of emotion in China 
Dr. Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist working in Wuhan, tried to warn people about the coronavirus in late December. But he was silenced by police. He died from the virus on Friday local time, at the age of 34. 
India extended offer of evacuating people from Wuhan to all its neighbours: Jaishankar Read @ANI story |  
RIP Li Wenliang. Outside Wuhan Central Hospital: A delivery man said a dozen ppl asked him to bring flowers here since 8am. There’re still 8 orders next day. Some ppl blew whistles in front of the flowers, then hung the whistles on the door. Vid by The Economic Observer经济观察报 
A small crowd blowing the whistle outside Wuhan Central Hospital, where Dr. Li Wenliang worked and died. 
A resident rescued cats stranded in a third-floor apartment in Wuhan. An estimated 50,000 pets have been abandoned in the Chinese city following the coronavirus outbreak 
People in Wuhan blow whistle to mourn #LiWenliang ‘s death and pay 
Scene at a supermarket in Singapore where the #of known coronavirus cases has spread to 33, including 4 people with no seeming connection to Wuhan. Govt has raised alert level to Code Orange — one level below red, which signifies pandemic. 
#BoyangJin #4ContsFigure SP 4Lz3T 4T 3A TES 54.23 PCS 41.60 TSS 95.83 into 2 #ボーヤン #金博洋 He said on the K&C: " Fight China, fight Wuhan!"
Latest censored on Weibo:"Tonight, let me blow the whistle for Wuhan." This is an online call for people in Wuhan, Hubei and the rest of the world to mourn Li Wenliang's death & pay tribute 8:55-9:00 Light off 9:00-9:05 Shine flashlight out the window & blow the whistle 
Pakistan stands strong with China Here’s a message of love by Pakistani youth for their Chinese brothers and sisters We are in this together 加油！ #2019nCoV #Wuhan #China #Pakistan 
Jaishankar confirms India offered to evacuate Pakistani students in Coronavirus-hit Wuhan  …
China’s ruling Communist Party, bending to public pressure, said on Friday that it would send a team to investigate the issues surrounding a whistle-blower doctor who had died hours earlier in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak 
@DrSJaishankar sir you have done your so difficult job of evacuating our citizens from Wuhan. Don't answer these stupid human rights ppl who r requesting to evacuate pakistani students on humanitarian grounds. Let their own govt think abt them. Or they formally request India
GOVT WILL not evacuate students in Wuhan, China over coronavirus, Foreign Affairs PS Macharia says they are safe where they are. 
Citizen Journalists Who Exposed Beijing's Lies In Wuhan Have Suddenly Vanished |  …
Update on the Canadian flight from #Wuhan: The plane has landed at @CanadianForces Base #Trenton where the passengers will be quarantined. 
FS @harshvshringla met Amb Sun Weidong @China_Amb_India & discussed issues related to our bilateral relations including events related to the 70th anniversary of diplomatic relations. FS conveyed appreciation to the Chinese Govt. for facilitating evacuation of Indians from Wuhan. 
This horror movie reached the American shores Caribbean cruise ship with at least 12 passengers onbaord showing fever symptoms, have been quarantined over a possible coronavirus outbreak on the ship & has been docked in New Jersey. #China #Wuhan #Hubei  …
VIDEO: Long queues at #HongKong / #Shenzhen border crossing as people try to beat quarantine deadline.  #coronavirus #PRC #Wuhan #nCov19 #CarrieLam #beijing
EAM Jaishankar on evacuation of Pakistan students from Wuhan: At the time of our flights are in Beijing- we are prepared to bring back our own people but also bring back people in our neighbourhood. This was an offer made to all our neighbours. Offer was made to everybody.  …
EAM Dr S Jaishankar in Rajya Sabha: 70 of them chose to stay in Wuhan and not get evacuated by the two flights. The embassy is in touch with all the students and we regularly monitor their situation.(2/2)  …
EAM Dr S Jaishankar in Rajya Sabha:By our estimate, there are about 80 Indian students who are currently still in Wuhan. This includes 10 students who  to the airport but were running fever so Chinese authority after screening did not allow them to board the flight. (1/2) 
"The mood was tense 2 weeks ago as I headed to Wuhan, China, where the coronavirus outbreak began. But not panicked," writes our correspondent @ChuBailiang. "As one train passenger told me, if you’re the panicky type, you’re not on this 
Five children, including a 2-year-old, have been discharged from #Wuhan Children's Hospital after their recovery from the novel #coronavirus 
Update and summary of cases diagnosed with 2019-Novel Coronavirus in Malaysia as of 7 February 2020. Of the 15 cases, 4 are Malaysians and 11 are Chinese nationals (10 from Wuhan and 1 from Guangzhou) 
An extraordinary visual documentary of Wuhan under lockdown by @ChuBailiang, who has been there since the beginning.  …
Great to hear but I've a few days to live if you do not try and help me and people in Wuhan, Wenzhou and Jiangsu. My weekend is not going to be as beautiful as yours. Help us. I'm literally on my knees Ofwono.  …
BREAKING | The plane chartered by the Canadian government carrying people who wanted out of Wuhan, China, amid a coronavirus outbreak has landed at CFB Trenton:  More on what their two-week quarantine will be 
Correction: Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
Coronavirus: Resign, strike or endure? The dilemma of Hong Kong’s ‘dirty team’ doctors  … @krislc #hongkong #wuhan #hongkong #wuhanvirus #WuhanCoronavirus
Citizen Journalist Covering Virus Outbreak From Wuhan Goes Missing @chenqiushi404  
I know that some people worry about all those abandoned dogs in Wuhan — without detracting from worry about the humans. I noticed this pack today, and then saw someone has been leaving mounds of dog food. So maybe not abandoned. Just furloughed. 
"A monumental moment for our collective conscience.” @LiYuan6's column on the extraordinary outpouring of grief and rage over the death of Dr. Li Wenliang, the doctor in Wuhan punished for alerting colleagues to a dangerous new virus.  …
Wuhan citizens came to the Wuhan Central Hospital to mourn the death of #LiWenliang, one of the novel #coronavirus whistleblowers. Li died Friday from the 
Despite China’s experience with the SARS epidemic between 2002 and 2004, the sluggish reaction by officials in Wuhan should not  as a surprise. The tendency among bureaucrats to play down crises is deeply entrenched, writes  …
The Chinese whistleblower doctor who was the first to warn of the deadly coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has died. His death has sparked anger and grief in China 
A plane carrying 176 Canadians from the coronavirus epicentre of Wuhan is en route to Trenton, Ont., after a refuelling stop in Vancouver overnight. It's expected to arrive early this morning. Passengers will be quarantined for 14 days.  …
We express our condolences to the family of Dr Li Wenliang, who died last night in Wuhan. He was among the first to warn about the coronavirus outbreak. We salute the devotion of all frontline medical personnel working to treat those affected.
Daily Brief: Wuhan whistleblower doctor dies; scores of Salvadorans killed or tortured after deportation from US; devastating effect of explosive weapons; maternity hospital attacked in Syria; human rights lawyer & journalist are attacked in Chechnya...  
You should go to Wuhan. I hear it's lovely this time of year.
If it turns out that this #coronavirus was born in a lab in #Wuhan, the world should send #China a bill for the economic & personal damage inflicted through negligence. #hardgrave #auspol #skynews #skyafterdark #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirusaustralia
A UK national, Charlie Parker, has chosen to stay behind in the Chinese city of Wuhan, the centre of a novel coronavirus epidemic in Hubei Province. 
Dr. Wenliang first broke the news about the #Coronavirus to his Medical School Alumni group on the social messaging app, the screenshots went viral online, and the Wuhan Police accused Dr. Wenliang of spreading rumours.
The 34-year-old doctor diagnosed #Coronavirus in patients who were admitted to Wuhan Central Hospital in Hubei province after consuming local seafood in December 2019.
The new virus, which emerged at a live animal market in Wuhan city late last year, is believed to have originated in bats, but researchers have suggested there could have been an "intermediate host" in the transmission to humans. #coronavirus #nCoV READ:  
Wuhan is on lockdown and many found it hard to return home. Passengers from the city boarded a flight from Singapore to east China's Hangzhou. There they have been put under 14-day quarantine. Check out their story 
Report from Wuhan: "With the sick being herded into makeshift quarantine camps, with minimal medical care, a growing sense of abandonment and fear has taken hold in Wuhan"  … #coronavirus #2019nCoV
There's a whole bunch of Singaporeans who really dgaf about this Wuhan Virus hor! Like they'll say 'AIYA WON'T KENA ONE LA'.... LEL. #FamousLastWords
China has sent over 11,000 medics, including the country's best ICU staff, to Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak  
Thomas is risking so much by endlessly letting us know what’s going on in Wuhan. Bambi @KagutaMuseveni do something and #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Nissan Motor Co. reports sales in China by  and its partners fell nearly 12% in January due to the outbreak of a virus in central China's Wuhan and extended Lunar New Year holidays in many parts of China. 
Let’s hope that’s a flight to Wuhan. 
Drone footage shows Wuhan, a city with 11 million residents, starting to resemble a ghost town amid the coronavirus lockdown 
#NSTworld: Chinese researchers said the #pangolin, a mammal illegally trafficked for its scales and meat, is a potential intermediate host for the novel #coronavirus ( #2019nCoV) that has killed more than 600 people in #China.  … #Wuhan
Public grief on whistleblower doctor’s death: Local residents in #Wuhan put some flowers in front of Wuhan Central Hospital, sending condolences to him. “Thank you Dr. Li” some cried. I cried. #LiWenliang 
China V Bar donated 70k surgical masks (KRW 12.74m ) to Wuhan. GQ, currently the most influential Men’s Magazine Brand ranking Top1 worldwide, reported the charity event, and V Bar is the one and only Fansite for Korean stars invited @BTS_twt #bts #방탄소년단뷔 
The real problem now is Ugandans living in Wuhan. They're at a risk of losing their lives. @OfwonoOpondo, @UgandaMFA Please #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan  …
Waking up in a hotel room in Wuhan today, I thought about a Chinese poem from Beidao. “I am no hero. In an age without heroes, I just want to be a man. 在一个没有英雄的时代里，我只想做一个人” Li Wenliang was a good and open-hearted man just like his name 亮which means bright.
Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, is one of the leading centers of the automobile industry in China, along with Shanghai, Guangzhou and Changchun (Jilin Province). There are about a hundred factories of suppliers of  in the region. 
The fix is in. They are going to find some scapegoats to punish in Wuhan, and give Beijing a clean bill of health.  …
This is pathetic! Lakhs are suffering in Wuhan bcoz of Coronavirus But Christian organisations are urging their missionaries to use the 'opportunity' of coronavirus outbreak to spread message of Jesus Christ, And help build the 'Kingdom of Christ in China' Where is humanity? 
According to multiple leads, the missing Chinese lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi @chenqiushi404 was sent to one of the Wuhan Death Camps, a "Fangcang Hospital", to be put under quarantine for 8-14 days.  …
Protest tonight, Feb 7, to remember Dr. Li Wenliang Chater Garden 7 to 9:30pm One of the first in Wuhan to sound the alarm over the coronavirus and punished for doing so. Little did anyone know then it would take his life. One of the heroes in this sage, among many scoundrels. 
Many foreigners in China are showing confidence in the country's efforts to battle the epidemic amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. They chose to stay in China and offer support. “Be strong, China! Be strong, Wuhan!” 
Congratulations! Another race against time! The second hospital in #Wuhan, Thunder God hospital,  in 10 days. It has been handed over and started to receive patients on 6 February. Chinese speed! China will win the battle against #2019-nCoV! 
2005, *chinese parents point at an indian guy* : " If you dont behave I'll send you to the apunehneh* 2040, *indian parents point at a chinese guy*: "if you don't behave ill send you to the wuhan"
#UPDATE A Chinese doctor who was punished after raising the alarm about the #coronavirus has died from the pathogen, sparking an outpouring of grief and anger over a crisis that has now killed more than 630 people  Flowers for Li Wenliang in Wuhan 
They're rounding ppl up and literally putting them in boxes in wuhan! 
The real world science experiment Wuhan 
Conflicting reports over Wuhan doctor Li Wenliang's condition only exacerbated public grief. Many considered him a hero for his early attempt to raise awareness of coronavirus. His actions caused him to be targeted by local police, who tried to silence him 
Can you imagine what it must feel like to live in Wuhan right now?  …
I am seeing doctors  this story about corona virus, particularly its detail about the progression of the disease over a two to three week course: Reporter's Notebook: Life and death in a Wuhan coronavirus ICU 
Evacuating Ugandans from Wuhan, no shit.  …
Wish you all a safer trip! A fresh batch of negative pressure ambulances have rolled off the assembly line and arrived in Wuhan to help transport #coronavirus 
Drone shots of Wuhan. It’s literally a Ghost Town. #Wuhan 
In Wuhan city you will be arrested if you go without your face mask. 
Has China’s response to #coronavirus demonstrated  to humanity? #2019nCov #China Reported cases: 96% in Hubei (quarantined) 3% rest of China 1% globally #2009H1N1 12,469 deaths in the US 575,400 globally You decide #Wuhan #WHO 
It turns out that the hospital where Li Wenliang worked, and died, traces back to one founded by an Italian missionary, Eustachius Zanoli, in 1880; part of Wuhan’s colonial past. 
The memorial for Li Wenliang at Wuhan United Hospital was not busy with visitors when I checked. The hospital fever clinic was much busier. For people in Wuhan, life is still about the essentials of survival. 
A small memorial for Dr. Li Wenliang at the branch of Wuhan Central Hospital in Houhu where he died. 
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China 
My brother made a vid on the flight to Wuhan that brought back our fellow Malaysians. 
Art Basel has canceled its  Hong Kong show due to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, which has killed more than 600 people and infected over 31,400 — the vast majority of them in China 
Li Wenliang: Death of Wuhan doctor sparks outpouring of anger 
The last two evacuation planes carrying US citizens out of Wuhan have left the coronavirus epicenter, according to a State Department spokesperson 
China's Supervisory Commission has decided to send a team to Wuhan in central China’s Hubei province to conduct  investigation related to Doctor  …
The only reason that the US media loves the Wuhan doctor is because it’s a great chance to attack the CCP. Dr. Li Wenliang wouldn’t want his death to be used as a cynical geopolitical weapon by China-hating Americans.  …
The Chinese authorities are  MASS FUMIGATING and force-medicating the population of Wuhan. The government refuse to say what chemicals they are using! #coronavirus 
Talking to desperate people all week but this one really got to me. Dong Bo lives in Wuhan's Qingshan district. His father already died of some viral pneumonia. Now his sister Dong Dan has the coronavirus, desperately needs dialysis, but no clinic will take an infected person.
Claiming you “went to Wuhan” and that you “don’t feel so well” while on an airplane is like saying you’ve got a bomb. What an idiot.  …
2/6 #coronavirus In today’s Wuhan, forced quarantine is  a “Martial Law”. Another whole family was forced to go to quarantine center, where no medicine, no doctor, no water, no bathroom close by, no nothing is available. People won’t go no matter how good CCP painted 
Malaysia is bringing home non essential staff at embassy and consulate offices across China . Two families returned last night , another  back from HK today  flight . Efforts will be made to try evacuate the remaining 34 stuck in Wuhan : DPM Dr Wan Azizah 
While demonizing China over its handling Wuhan Novel Coronavirus, a mass hospital closures is currently happening in US, which may potentially cause thousands or even millions more sick citizens without help. 
Christian Missionaries use the Coronavirus outbreak to “bring The Gospel” and convert people in Wuhan  …
A history professor at Fudan University calls on the Wuhan authorities to build a statue in tribute to Li Wenliang, to be titled "The Rumormonger"  …
 to the 34-member Team Air INDIA for flying into #coronavirus-hit Wuhan city & evacuating more than 600 Indians onboard two special flights. 
They’re going house to house in Wuhan to round up the sick and put them in camps. 
A Chinese fan edited a music video for Canadian-Chinese singer #KrisWu's #PoXiao based on touching moments caught on camera in the fight against #2019-nCoV. Stay Strong, #Wuhan. Stay Strong, #China. Let's hope for spring. Video cr: 
23 cured patients of #coronavirus infection were discharged from hospital in Wuhan Thursday thanks to integrated treatment of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and Western medicine  
If you were in Wuhan with us,I bet you wouldn’t be offering other hashtag options other than  …
A Wuhan doctor who attempted to warn authorities about a potential new coronavirus outbreak died on Friday from the infection, as the number of virus-related deaths continued to rise, taking the total in China to over 600 
—The death toll in China from the coronavirus surpasses 600 —Wuhan is told to round up infected residents for mass quarantine —The Chinese doctor who warned of outbreak has died Latest updates: 
We have been on city lockdown for 14 days which is the incubation period for the coronavirus & none ofthe Ugandans in Wuhan have those symptoms therefore you are leaving 71 healthy Ugandans in harms way. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
When the US evacuated its citizens from #Wuhan, they equipped themselves like this. Seems they’re dealing with a bio weapon instead of #coronavirus,  …
Good Morning Uganda, Today the Wuhan Coronavirus cases stand at; • Confirmed 31,214 (3154 higher than yesterday) • Suspected cases 26,359 (4833 higher than yesterday) • Dead 637 (73 higher than yesterday) Dear Gov’t, are we really safer here? 
This is scary! #China/ #Wuhan turns Ghost City literally as the city lockdown due to 
After conflicting reports, whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang was confirmed to have passed away from the Wuhan Coronavirus today. His event chart ruler Pisces ♓︎ Venus in the 6th House of Health is exalted yet conjunct ☌ Scheat ★, representing extreme misfortune such as murder. 
The 34-year old doctor in Wuhan China who reported about the virus is now dead from the virus! And we’re hearing crickets from China now. Why do the “installations” have to be military? Can’t we EVER get the damn truth? Just once?  …
Dozens of people have been confirmed to have Wuhan coronavirus on the Diamond Princess cruise ship, quarantined off the coast of Japan 
#RIP — Dr. Lee-WenLiang ( #李文亮), Chinese Doctor, whistleblower of #coronavirusOutbreak in Wuhan. He was accused of “spreading rumour” by #CCPChina after #warning public of the outbreak. He has died from #coronavirus. May you rest in peace, hero. 
The US withdrew citizens from Wuhan. It seems like a cargo plane. See how serious it is. #coronavirususa 
The ghost city of Wuhan. 
Drone Footage of Wuhan, The Coronavirus Epicenter, Is Unbelievably Eerie. Place Is A Ghost Town  
In support of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of Defense is prepared to receive two Department of State chartered evacuation flights from Wuhan, China currently scheduled to arrive on February 7th. (1 of 4)
More help on the road! A charter helicopter delivered 300,000-yuan-worth of supplies to Xiaogan, Hubei, on Feb 5, including boxes of diagnostic testing kits,  #coronavirus. Xiaogan has 2,141 confirmed cases--the second worst hit region beyond Wuhan. 
NEW: Feb 7, 2020. China #coronavirus infections jump past 31000, deaths above 600. *China: rocked by grief, anger as virus kills whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang *Hong Kong, Japan: 8000 quarantined on 2 cruise ships *US: 2 new evacuee flights from Wuhan @CBSNews is 
Now Dr Li Wenliang + the other early #coronavirus whistleblowers are being seen as heroes right across #China while #Wuhan's leaders & police have egg on their faces for trying to cover up a massive health emergency. "I had to get permission to release the info," whines the mayor
So like three months ago I got a flu shot. I have studiously avoided Wuhan. And yet here I am with the flu. What's up with that? (FYI: Watching "Moonstruck" is better than Tamiflu.)
With infections doubling every 4 days and nearly 600 deaths, China has intensified the lockdown in Wuhan, with house-to-house searches and mass internments at makeshift quarantine centers 
#Wuhan's 2nd new hospital passes inspection, ready for handover 
Dr LiWenliang's hospital has now confirmed his death. Terrible news. If only the #Wuhan authorities had listened to him in the early days rather than calling in the police to castigate him for "spreading rumours" when he and others tried to sound the alarm with the #coronavirus!
The lockdown in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province and the epicenter of the coronavirus, is taking a toll on African students like Abdikadir Mohamed, a 23-year old from Bosaso city in Somalia. The experience is like being “stuck in a bad dream,” he said. 
#Tribute: This is how medical, military, and construction workers dedicate themselves in the epicenter Wuhan amid the #coronavirus epidemic. 
Remaining Australians on the ground in #Wuhan say they're being told to get to the airport tonight at 6pm for a 12:15am evacuation flight. This is likely to be the last Australian evac flight out of the epicentre #CoronavirusOutbreak
The sky in Wuhan on Friday is steel-grey, and it’s melancholy day after the death of a doctor who tried to warn of the virus that he died from. All the updates are on our live briefing, and I’ll be asking residents about the news.  
Dr Li Wenliang, one of the initial eight whistleblowers of the outbreak of #Wuhan Cononavirus, died of the disease today in Wuhan. The only “old” photograph found in his social account, taken on September 15, 2013. 
Dr. Li, if you born in Western country, you will be invited into Professional them, in China, you got arrested and lost your life... Rest in peace #DrLiWenliang #WuhanCoronavius #Wuhan 
Our govt is sending a flight to rescue two of our citizens (a student and a tourist) stuck in Wuhan! RB don’t normally fly direct to Wuhan. Wuhan is still on lockdown with no public transportation. All these are gonna be taken care of!THANK YOU HM!  …
Chinese doctor who sounded alarm about Wuhan coronavirus dies  …
This is just so scary. Drone footage of #Wuhan which is ghost town now..  …
All, can we take a moment to thank and remember Li Wenliang today? He's the 34-year-old coronavirus whistleblower from Wuhan. He passed away today.  …
Artificial intelligence is helping epidemiologists identify and track outbreaks faster and more precisely than ever before—including the spread of the new coronavirus that emerged in Wuhan, China 
A young man went viral in #China for reading @FukuyamaFrancis’s Origins of Political Order at a module hospital in Wuhan designated for #coronavirus patients. His calmness contrasted with the bustling hospital and showed the power of civilization.  
A clinical trial for #remdesivir in #coronavirus treatment began in #Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Thu. A 68-year-old male patient with serious symptoms was the first to be given the drug. 761 patients are participating in the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial 
A doctor who was among the first to warn about the Wuhan coronavirus has now died from the disease. 
The more I see this tweet is the more I get mad. This man & his entire gov't weren't logical enough to assess the risk Ugandans staying in Wuhan are to face if they don't leave. They simply conculed with "let them stay there" and carried on with their nonsense.  …
A photo from Caixin reporter Ding Gang of Wuhan doctors paying respects to Li Wenliang. 100% of my WeChat feed, from dissident lawyers to Huawei employees, is raging over Li’s death. Haven’t seen China unified like this since the Wenzhou train crash. 
An incredible outpouring in #China for Dr. Li Wenliang, the brave doctor who had warned of a strange #coronavirus in #Wuhan, only to be censured for ‘spreading rumors’. He died this morning after contracting the virus; he was 34. This sketch everywhere on social media. 
Drone footage shows Wuhan, a city with 11 million residents, starting to resemble a ghost town amid the coronavirus lockdown 
Li Wenliang, a 33-year-old Wuhan doctor, captivated China and triggered an extraordinary outpouring of emotion. Many Chinese directed their frustration at officials who many believe didn’t respond quickly enough despite mounting evidence of an epidemic. 
Heard that Harvard medical school is at half-mast for the Wuhan whistler doctor who just passed away. 
“With the sick being herded into what amount to makeshift internment camps, with minimal medical care, a growing sense of abandonment and fear has taken hold in Wuhan, fueling the sense that [the area is] being sacrificed for the greater good of China.”  …
Chinese citizen journalist Chen Qiushi has been missing since 7:00 PM last night. He traveled to Wuhan to report on the coronavirus outbreak. His family and friends are deeply worried. Please help to spread the news and support him. @BBCBreaking @cnnbrk @FoxNews @TIME  …
Heartbreaking! "I miss mom!" Girl in #Wuhan left alone. Parents taken away for quarantine. A woman from  send her food and tries to soothe her, only ends up breaking down herself. #Coronavirus #coronaviruschina 
Translation: The Convention Centre in #Wuhan is turned into a makeshift hospital A  "In over 20 years' of practice this is my first time seeing hospital beds having top & bottom bunks" My question: Just how many #Coronavirus patients are needing to be  …
Not sure what China is thinking by chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan, an epicenter of #coronavirus 
Today: 31,436 infected. 639 dead. 28 countries (as of 6:20pm CST 2-6-20). 34 year old Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, who first sounded the alarm about the Wuhan Coronavirus on Dec 30th and was arrested for “spreading rumors”, died today from the 
#Wuhan residents required as of today (Friday in #China) to report their body temperature daily to authorities. Local  leaders, and property management will assist. (You report yourself or  to your door.) If you have a fever, you’re taken to hospital.
When is having the premier biocontainment facility in the world (UNMC) a bad thing? When the CDC is transferring people from Wuhan, China to your state (NE)! Passengers from the coronavirus epicenter in Wuhan, China,  to Eppley, then Camp Ashland  …
Wuhan coronavirus could delay new Xbox and Playstation consoles - Business Insider Well if thats the case, ppl first, i can wait .  …
Checking my Wechat Moments (the equivalent of a Facebook feed in China) this morning: It's almost entirely posts about Li Wenliang, the whistleblow Wuhan doctor who died of coronavirus. This appears over and over: "A healthy society should not have only one voice." 
This reporter says the local govt took over the hotel. Good on the ground reporting thread from a NYT reporter inside Wuhan.  …
Authorities in Wuhan have been ordered to immediately round up all Coronavirus infected people for mass quarantine in camps/hospitals, Chinese official says the deadly outbreak is forcing wartime conditions - NYT
Unbearably tragic. Wuhan doctor Li Wenliang, 34, forced to sign a statement denouncing his early coronavirus warning as an "unfounded and illegal rumor” died of the virus. “I think a healthy society should not have just one voice,” he said.  @ChuBailiang
"Wartime conditions." Officials scrambled to cope with the surge in new cases in Wuhan and other parts of Hubei as some argue the harsh measures are making matters worse. The latest wrap-up with @amyyqin and  …
News AnalysisAmid the #CoronavirusOutbreak, the attention on #China's P4 lab has shown a spotlight onto the regime’s alleged #BiologicalWarfare programs and is raising questions about the nature of the P4 lab in #Wuhan.  …
Dr. Li Wenliang warned fellow doctors to wear protective clothing because of a new virus. Li died of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan. 
If the mayor of Wuhan feels free to directly blame the Central Government, something I had never seen before, imagine how  people are feeling. These are perilous times for the Chinese Communist Party.
The Chinese doctor who gave an early public warning about the Wuhan coronavirus has died of the illness, according to the hospital treating him 
Several hotels in #Wuhan have been designated as #Quarantine sites for severely ill patients infected with the novel #Coronavirus. A family member of one of these patients revealed that they are left unattended and don’t receive proper medical  …
Distrust and despair on WeChat and Weibo after the death of Wuhan whistleblower Li Wenliang:  
Chinese doctor who was forced to recant an early warning about the deadly Wuhan virus has died. He was made to sign a statement saying outbreak was “unfounded rumor”  …
A Chinese doctor, who was one of the first to warn about a new respiratory disease emerging in Wuhan, has died 
Coronavirus whistleblower Li Wenliang has died, Wuhan Central Hospital confirms  …
 has deployed Nuro-like autonomous vehicles to deliver medical supplies to hospitals in Wuhan. 
Wuhan Institute Of Virology And Chinese Army Submit Patent For Gilead Anti-Ebola Drug To Fight Coronavirus |  …
The doctor that sounded the alarm on the coronavirus has died after getting infected. Dr. Li Wenliang died in Wuhan City at 2:58 BJT on February 7, 2020. #coronavirus #wuhan  …
He appeared on social media, a solitary man in a surgical mask, warning of a deadly virus. His insistence that an epidemic  turned him into a folk hero in a country that prizes secrecy and crushes dissent. He died Friday in a hospital in Wuhan.  …
A Chinese doctor who was reprimanded by security police for warning fellow doctors about the initial coronavirus outbreak has died of the illness, according to Wuhan Central Hospital.  …
Hubei announces new daily virus cases: --2,447 in Hubei (down from 2,987 yesterday) --1,501 in Wuhan (down from 1,766 yesterday) Hmmmmmm  …
CTV News keeps repeating over and over and over again how Canada is behind evacuating Canadians from #Wuhan - why is this taking so long But I think CTV News is the only ones obsessed with this, as I don't see this being such a big issue with Canadians #cdnpoli
The coronavirus was born in Wuhan in winter... average temp about 35F. It's a hygiene, not a climate issue.  …
WHOA. The Chinese doctor who first sounded the alarm about the coronavirus died Thursday from the disease, his friends and colleagues said. Li Wenliang, 34, was an ophthalmologist at Wuhan Central Hospital.  …
Minister @FP_Champagne and I provided an update today on our progress repatriating Canadians from China. Our flight left Wuhan earlier today. 1/3 
Chinese state media is reporting that authorities are going door-to-door in Wuhan, and taking everyone who has the virus, or is suspected of having the virus, or who has an unexplained fever & has a close contact with the virus, and putting them all in quarantine camps/hospitals  
People forget (or never knew) just how huge Wuhan is. It has 11 million people in it - more than LA & more than NYC.
Update: The Chinese doctor who warned the public about the Wuhan coronavirus has died of the illness, the hospital treating him said. The statement came after hours of confusion in state media reports. 
The first African Coronavirus patient, has been reported to be a 21-year-old Cameroonian student according to Yangtze University where he schools. He was visited Wuhan where the outbreak started.
#Wuhan, the epicenter of the ongoing outbreak of the novel #coronavirus, has begun making door-to-door visits to identify people who are infected or suspected to be in order to reduce sources of infection.
Wuhan police “letter of reprimand” to Li Wenliang: translation and analysis  
Chinese Doctor Who Blew The Whistle On Coronavirus Dies Li Wenliang, 34, was an ophthalmologist at Wuhan Central Hospital. Wenliang was arrested on January 1, after attempting to share information on the coronavirus.  … via @SaraCarterDC
New Emergency Detection Laboratory Run by BGI Starts Trial Operation in Wuhan, Designed to Test 10,000 Samples Daily Impressive. 30 biosafety cabinets, 12 extractors and WGS 
Dr Li Wenliang, one of eight people who tried to warn about the novel #coronavirus when it first emerged in Wuhan, now the epic enter of the disease, but was reprimanded by local police, was proclaimed dead on Friday from the virus, according to the Central Hospital of Wuhan.
Dr. Li Wenliang, who had been punished by police for blowing the whistle on the coronavirus outbreak, has died, the Wuhan Central Hospital reports. 
Chinese Doctor Who Tried to Warn of Outbreak Is Dead From Coronavirus  . - by @chubailiang in Wuhan.
I feel so sad for the people in Wuhan. It must be very threatening! Let us move from twitter to the streets to talk about this. The Ugandan government refuses to #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan Make a placard tomorrow and peacefully talk about it from the street. Join. Lets do it
Drone footage shows Wuhan, a city with 11 million residents, starting to resemble a ghost town amid the coronavirus lockdown 
Mr. Zhang from #Wuhan trying very hard to get a bed for his father diagnosed with #coronavirus. Community director says no beds. Even a woman pregnant for 35 weeks cannot get one. English title added. First hand from China. Follow me for more. #CoronaOutbreak 
UPDATE: A Chinese doctor who was detained by police in Dec. after warning of the coronavirus threat has died in Wuhan after himself falling victim to the virus  
First group of 5 children infected with novel #coronavirus #pneumonia in Hubei Province, ranging in age from 2 to 14, were discharged from #Wuhan Children's Hospital on Thursday 
#China orders #Wuhan to put infected residents in mass quarantine camps: “Set up a 24-hour duty system. During these wartime conditions, there must be no deserters or they will be nailed to the pillar of historical shame forever." @thespybrief  …
Unseal O bama's Harvard records he had sealed...NOW. and...look into whether he is connected to professor recently arrested for fraud and connections to Wuhan China. O is still working against us
And here's our story on the life of Li Wenliang, cut tragically short by a viral outbreak he was reprimanded for trying to expose. “Our hope is gone,” said one doctor in Wuhan. “He was our hero.”   …
#Wuhan: 30 million locked inside homes. No traffic, No movement, Planes still, empty roads. apocalyptic Scenes #China 
We deeply mourn the death of #Wuhan doctor Li wenliang, who unfortunately got infected with novel #Coronavirus while battling with the epidemic. After all-effort rescue, Li passed away on 2:58 am, Feb. 
The lack of facilities evident in #Wuhan the people and the staff having to endure awful conditions #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus It feels like the CCP is willing to let a whole province die, I wonder how high the genuine figures are 
The second of two rapidly constructed hospitals has  in Wuhan as Chinese health authorities race to respond to the outbreak. Here's how the hospital was put together 
Nobody in the hell zone that is Wuhan right now thinks “but the the flu is worse, bro.” Try telling them that... Bro...
After state media denied the death of doctor #LiWenliang, Wuhan Central Hospital has just confirmed his death at 2:38am (GMT +8) #wuhanvirus 
UPDATE: Wuhan City Central Hospital says that Dr. Li Wenliang in “in critical condition,” not dead, as initially reported by the World Health Organization and the Global Times, a Chinese state-run outlet, “and we are doing our best to rescue him.” 
Eerie drone footage shows the deserted streets of Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak.  
BREAKING NEWS; "Chinese doctor who raised alarm on coronavirus dies from the ILLNESS" "Li Wenliang tried to warn others of the new virus, but was reprimanded by Wuhan police...after trying to warn his friends about the Wuhan coronavirus has died."  …
We got some video from the U.S. evacuation flights from Wuhan. They show a pretty surreal scene. “I know I am talking loud because I really cannot measure my tone at all in this ghostbuster outfit,” a man in a hazmat suit shouts at passengers.  
UPDATE: Several state media outlets and Wuhan Central Hospital are now reporting that Li Wenliang is in critical condition. The same state media outlets had previously reported that he had died. 
How bout we open up a Go fund me acc to help the Ugandan students on lockdown in China specifically WUHAN coz however much this #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan hashtag trends, nothin gonna yield but they could use some help to get food & supplies. HMU Incase anyone is up. $200 from me
Things are getting ugly in the epicenter city of Wuhan for coronavirus. Going house to house now and forcing any suspected infected into central quarantine. The official language is chilling.  
"We don't accept patients with severe situations, we don't accept those who can't take care of themselves…" An official outside a makeshift quarantine station in #Wuhan tells patients they will be turned away if their symptoms are too severe. 
More Wuhan evacuations — Canadians heading to Vancouver for a technical stop, then on to CFB Trenton for quarantine.  
This just sums up Brexit Britain People seem to think Corona beer is linked to deadly Wuhan coronavirus - Business Insider  …
The whistleblower doctor from Wuhan whom Chinese authorities reprimanded for trying to warn about the emerging coronavirus threat has reportedly died from the disease.  
My colleagues @bbcchinese have spoke to sources at Wuhan hospital who say that Dr Li died at 9.30pm on Wed. Chinese media initially reported that Dr Li had died but now saying that he is "critically ill" on life support. State media working hard to push this new narrative.  …
The streets of #Wuhan, China remain empty under its #coronavirus 
Wuhan Central Hospital said Li Wenliang is in critical condition and denied reports of his death. The doctor is one of eight coronavirus whistleblowers who tried to warn others about the outbreak in December.  …
Chinese netizens are furious and they demanded apology from Wuhan govt to Dr. Li and created a hashtag for it. Guess what? The govt censored this hashtag. 
Is China hiding the real numbers of the coronavirus outbreak? Alleged Tencent leak claimed 24,589 deaths from the virus. As the chaos around the Wuhan virus grows, China is looking for ways to make money off the crisis. This and more in this update from Gravitas with 
Li Wenliang—a doctor from Wuhan, China, who said he was reprimanded by police for warning other doctors about novel #coronavirus at the start of the outbreak—has died after being infected with 
Dr. Li Wenliang, who warned his colleagues of a SARS-like illness spreading in Wuhan, was targeted by the police for "rumor-mongering." 560 people have died from coronavirus. Dr. Li recently died, too. May he rest in peace & may his work be remembered.  …
As China currently enters a nation-wide lockdown, people are wondering why the virus wasn't detected earlier. They are outraged at the Wuhan city government and police department for not only their mistreatment of Li but the entire virus saga. (5/7)
Right now, China is mourning the death of 李文亮 (Li Wenliang). Li was a doctor working at Wuhan. On 12/30, he discovered Corona virus-like symptoms in a patient. He alerted all of his colleagues in the medical field. Three days later, he was contacted by the police (1/7) 
The two trending topics censored by Weibo tonight: #Wuhan government owes Dr. Li Wenliang an apology ##We want freedom of speech #Both had tens of thousands of views before disappearing into this dark night. 
The doctor who rang the alarm bells in China has now died from the Wuhan Coronavirus. He is the kind of person who should be receiving the #MedalOfFreedom (Hawking wasn't an American either). He warned people, and was charged with a crime for doing so.  …
Those asking me to have “humanity” when speaking of Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan because their psychotic country doesn’t want them: Sorry. I am all out of sympathy/Humanity/warm fuzzy feelings for anything Pakistan - except it’s persecuted Hindus
Chinese doctor who tried to raise alarm on coronavirus in Wuhan dies from disease 
The Chinese doctor who was detained by the police for sounding the alarm on the Wuhan coronavirus has died The government claimed he was posting illegal disinformation on social media  …
Lu #Wenliang, the doctor from #Wuhan who was among the first whistleblowers to reveal the existence of the #Wuhan #Coronavirus in late 2019 (and was persecuted by the authorities for doing so), has now died from the virus. 
If true it seems more like a death camp than a hospital. Wuhan, Fang Cang Quarantine Center is grade school for confirmed case. Bed was arranged 1 by 1 with 1 meter in between. No bathroom inside, no hot water, no medicine. Bathroom is outside 200 meters away. 
waiting for the news about #Li Wenliang , one of the eight young doctors, who are the original #whistle-blowers about #corononavirus human-to-human transmission in Wuhan. There is mixed  in about whether he is still alive now.
#Wuhan Central Hospital denies Li Wenliang has died, @SCMPNews reports. “Our hospital's ophthalmologist Li Wenliang was unfortunately infected. He is currently in critical condition and we are trying our best to resuscitate him," hospital said on its official Weibo account.
Dear niTROn Followers, Sorry to inform you that #niTROn2020 will be postponed due to the ongoing #coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan, China. Safety and health of  and wider public is our top priority. More information and new ticket promotion:  …
Piecing together the events in Wuhan shows that for at least three weeks, city authorities were informed the coronavirus was spreading but issued orders to suppress the news. In effect, they engineered a cover-up 
UPDATE: Chinese state media are now reporting that Li is alive but in a critical condition at Wuhan Central Hospital.  … Global Times, CGTN, Beijing News and Caixin reported earlier on Thursday that he had passed away.
34-yr-old Dr. Li Wenliang was jailed in #Wuhan after he posted a social media warning that patients he'd seen "looked like #SARS" on Dec30. Once released, the heroic doctor came down w/ #2019nCoV Now, tragically, he has  …
From Weibo: Question: If someone went back in time to Wuhan one month ago, can he help avert disaster? Answer: No, he would be the 9th ‘rumor spreader’. 
Li Wenliang, a Wuhan doctor and hospital worker who reportedly tried to warn the Chinese public about the emerging coronavirus died of the disease at age 34  by 
Wuhan Central Hospital said on Weibo that Li Wenliang is still under emergency treatment. GT reporters heard people weeping inside ICU. Li was one of the 8 whistleblowers who tried to warn other medics of the #coronavirus outbreak in Dec but were reprimanded by Wuhan police. 
Example of the latter: screenshots of state TV announcing punishment of 8 doctors for spreading rumours about Wuhan's then-mysterious virus. Captioned with Mencius: "The shame of being shameless. That is shameless indeed." The screenshots may be doctored. The anger is genuine. 
The Government of #Wuhan city - where the #coronavirus first started - says it's going to implement daily temperature testing of the entire population. Is this right 11 million people to have their temperature checked every day? How's that possible?
There should be a memorial for physicians and researchers who die trying to understand and save others from new diseases or other dangers. One hero just died: Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist in Wuhan who warned of the new coronavirus. By  …
Randomised controlled trial Remdesivir starts Wuhan, the second trial-remarkable Drs, Nurses & Ministry of Science Technology,National Health Commission, National Medical Products Administration @GileadSciences with support @ISARIC1 & linked with @WHO  …
Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan, an epicenter of #coronavirus 
Wuhan doctor Li WenLiang died from the coronavirus. He warned about the possibility of an epidemic if the virus is not properly contained. The CCP didn’t listen, & punished this “dissident”. CCP: No free speech, even if it costs ppl’s lives & the health of all global citizens... 
2/6 #coronavirus Wuhan, Fang Cang Quarantine Center is 2nd grade location for confirmed case. Bed was arranged 1 by 1 with 1 meter in between. No bathroom inside, no hot water, no medicine. Bathroom is outside 200 meters away. This is not to cure patient but to transmit virus! 
Whistleblower Chinese doctor dies from coronavirus in Wuhan  …
Good news! All 645 Indians evacuated from China's Wuhan city, who were kept in isolation at Army Base & ITBP camps, have tested negative for #Coronavirus, the Union Health Ministry has announced.
The fatality rate in Wuhan is 4 percent; outside Hubei province it’s .17 percent. Without any democratic input China sacrificed the 50 million residents of one province in order to save the rest of the rest of the world. What a decision  
[INFO] GQ Report reported on the contribution of fandoms to the Wuhan epidemic and Kim Taehyung Bar was the only Korean celebrity fanbase that was interviewed due to their massive help in supplying medical materials to hopsitals in Wuhan + #Taehyung #뷔 
Wuhan doctor who was punished for trying to warn of coronavirus dies from infection  … via @hongkongfp
LATEST: The Chinese doctor who late last year issued an early warning about the #CoronavirusOutbreak in Wuhan has died after falling ill, according to media reports and a person familiar with the matter 
>infections double every 5 days >50k infections every day >peak infection will be in 1 month in wuhan >deaths outside china start in 20 days  …
The Chinese doctor whose early warning about the coronavirus made him a police target has died of the illness in Wuhan, according to state media 
JUST IN : Malaysia has expanded its current ban on chinese nationals from Wuhan , Hubei province to include all surrounding areas that’ve been locked down by chinese government with immediate effect : DPM Dr Wan Azizah #nCoV2019
First of all, the Chinese are LYING about the numbers...in Wuhan alone there are 7 hospitals dealing with confirmed and suspected cases of the virus, when you add up the daily deaths from each hospital it doesn’t reflect the numbers the Chinese are sending into the media.
Drone shots of Wuhan. It’s literally a Ghost Town. #Wuhan 
Li Wenliang, the Chinese whistleblower doctor who warned the public of a potential "SARS-like" disease in December 2019, had died of coronavirus in Wuhan on Thursday night, according to several state media reports.
UPDATE: Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, one of the eight whistleblowers who tried to warn other medics of Coronavirus outbreak, dies of Coronavirus in Wuhan. 
Devastating. Dr. Li Wenliang, who worked in Wuhan and tried to warn people about the #coronavirus has died after contracting the  …
Terribly sad news breaking tonight in China - Li Wenliang, a #Wuhan doctor who spread the word early of a SARS-like virus to colleagues & friends - and was reprimanded by police for doing so - has died from the coronavirus. 
Dr Li Wenliang, who warned of #wuhancoronavirus and now dubbed as "whistleblower", has died in Wuhan, mainland media reported. In Jan, Li was warned by local authorities for "spreading rumours" to fellow doctors, before he caught the disease himself.  …
On social media in China people are calling for the Wuhan Government and Police to publicly apologise to him. There's a lot of anger that the authorities ignored Dr Li when he tried to warn them about the severity of a virus that has now  a global health emergency
Videographer of #Wuhan Fang Cang isolation hospital: There’s no medicine, no injections (infusion), no toilet, you need to walk 200m to toilet. This way of isolation is not good as cross infection may occur. Serious patients stay together. 
The whistleblower sadly died: In a matter of days, Dr. Li Wenliang went from treating patients to  one. The 34-year-old ophthalmologist was diagnosed Saturday with the Wuhan coronavirus. He died a few hours ago.
R.I.P Doctor Li Wenliang, one of the 8 doctors who tried to sound alarm about #Wuhan pandemic as early as Dec 30 last year, but censured and silenced by police. He was still trying to treat other patients before falling sick of the very disease 
At the meantime, #武汉政府欠李文亮医生一个道歉#(Wuhan gov owes lee an apology)is trending on Chinese social media Weibo at 9:40 Am ET. 
Two newborn babies in Wuhan, China, have been infected with the novel coronavirus, according to state media. The youngest baby was diagnosed at just 30 hours old. 
The coronavirus death toll is at least 565, almost all in China's Hubei province. Over 28K cases in mainland China 56M people there remain on lockdown Experts stress it is far less deadly than SARS At least 231 cases reported elsewhere, most linked to Wuhan 
#ShePower Respects to Chinese women fighting in frontline against #coronavirus They include 72-year-old Prof. Li Lanjuan who supervises medical work in #Wuhan, female construction workers who participated in building a hospital in 10 days, nurses, doctors and scientists 
Breaking:One of the first whistleblower of #corononavirus , Wuhan doctor Lee-WenLiang( #李文亮), is confirmed dead. His final post on Weibo is on 1/31. (Lee was arrested by the police on 1/3 for “spreading rumors” ) Read this document from 
Two doctors discussing the #coronavirus crisis in #Wuhan, China. Make of it what you will. 
A race against time! Wuhan is turning sports centers, exhibition halls and other venues into makeshift coronavirus hospitals. Some of them have already started to take in patients. 
“90% of our employees are working 24/7… Every day, we need at least 100 body bags.” Workers at crematoriums in #Wuhan, China say their workload has increased dramatically in recent days, constantly picking up bodies from hospitals and private homes.  …
Patient who are not diagnosed for #coronavirus，askes helps from the newly built quarantine facility in #Wuhan. she said there is no drink water，toilet within range，no medicine been provided either. she could not sleep. help to save me she said at last  …
Reuters: CHINA’S WUHAN CITY GOVT SAYS ALL RESIDENTS MUST REPORT THEIR BODY TEMPERATURE ONCE PER DAY - NOTICE
Health Ministry: All 645 evacuees from Wuhan, China have tested negative for #Coronavirus. No new case has been 
A drone footage showing the deserted streets of Wuhan. 
Feb 6: HKGOV’s refusal to shut down borders with China brings new wave of #HongKongProtests. Sai Wan residents protest & chanted "Save HK, Close the Borders", "Liberate HK, Revolution of Our Times", "Support Police to Go to Wuhan", " #5DemandsNot1Less". 
The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said personnel from their office are now in Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, but added they do not have the necessary equipment to keep themselves safe from contamination. 
All 645 evacuated from Wuhan and kept in isolation at Army Base and ITBP camps test negative for coronavirus: Health Ministry in statement
It is very heartwarming how xunqis take after Sehun's good heart. OhSehunBar which is his biggest chinese fanbase along with other Sehun fansites, xunqis, and big weibo accounts donated medical supplies to Wuhan who has been battling with ncov. #세훈 #SEHUN 
The first five children, aged 2-14 years, infected with #coronavirus were discharged from Wuhan Children's Hospital on Thursday after recovery Doctors have warned of possible mother-to-child transmission after a newborn tested positive for coronavirus only 30 hours after birth 
Hi China...We are saddened by the news that you are all effected by this bad situation...We‘re donating masks to Wuhan University Zhongnan Hospital and hope it can be helpful to some people. Hope you and your family are ok... stay strong!! Jia You! 
For 14 days, CNN reporter @David_Culver was under quarantine in Beijing and reporting on the coronavirus outbreak after being in Wuhan, China, just before it went under lockdown. Here’s how he and his team worked through the ordeal.  
No, this photo does not show a Japanese medical team in Wuhan to aid coronavirus response.  
Two virus samples were sent from the Canadian lab to the Wuhan lab. One was a deadly hepinavirus. “..the threat to cause a widespread outbreak and its potential for weaponization has increased.” #WuFlu #coronaviruschina #outbreak  …
citizen journalist and former rights lawyer @chenqiushi404 has been reporting from wuhan (he also went to HK last year). @Jane_Li911 interviewed him  … #WuhanCoronavirus
I saw a bitter Ugandan claiming the Ugandans in Wuhan should die there because no one sent them to study from there. Can you imagine thinking like that? That's poverty which is far more deadly than the Corona virus. Turns you into a salty witch. Abanaku
LOOK: Drone footage shows the empty streets of #Wuhan, China under its #coronavirus 
No words to describe Only 1 medical staff to attend He seems exhausted and tried his best... This is what really happening in #Wuhan: understaff, under reported cases, lack of equipment, many patients... Pray for chinese people! #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus 
Eerie drone footage shows the deserted streets of Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak.  
Recent announcement by Chinese judicial officer: Fail to report recent trip to #Wuhan may be charged Offender may receive severe punishment, even Death! Police from Jilin, Shandong, Sichuan have filed criminal charges against such people #chinazi #coronavirus 
Does the Duterte administration prioritize the welfare of Filipinos? At the end of January 2020, there was a novel coronavirus 2019 (2019-nCoV) outbreak, and a $1.4 million worth of Filipino-made face masks was shipped to Wuhan City in China in just six hours. 
The Wuhan virus outbreak is a reminder that China’s obsession with stability is also a source of instability 
. @KIMTAEHYUNGBAR_ is the only C fansite for a korean idol that has been mentioned in GQ China report for donating 50,000 surgical masks & 20,000 kn95 (antipollution) masks that meet national medical production standards to many hospitals in Wuhan to help with coronavirus outbreak 
Race against time! After 10 days of construction, the new makeshift hospital, Leishenshan Hospital, in Wuhan, is currently under the acceptance process and will soon be put into operation. Get a glimpse of what the hospital interior looks like. 
Chinese soldiers have worked overnight to deliver supplies for creating makeshift hospitals in Wuhan. 
Pretty worrying analysis here from Professor Neil Ferguson. In #China maybe only 10% of #coronavirus infections being picked up; Maybe 50,000 new infections a day in #China; Epidemic doubling in size every 5 days; #Wuhan peak still a month away [cont.]  …
Good question. There’s a “Pray for Wuhan” video billboard ad on EDSA, but I don’t recall seeing “Pray for Batangas” or “Pray for Taal Victims” billboards. Hmmm.  …
Within 12 days, Huoshenshan and Leishenshan, 2 specialized #NovelCoronavirus hospitals which are expected to  2600 patients to be put into use in Wuhan. It's a race against time and we will win! (Xinhua Photos) 
•23rd January - 639 cases and 17 deaths •7days later (30th January) - 7711 cases and 124 deaths •After another 7days (Today) - 28,000 cases and 563 deaths Do our leaders have no shame at all to go on Television and tell our parents that their children are safer in Wuhan.
"Every cough is frightening." Residents of Wuhan, China, are struggling to adjust to life after the coronavirus outbreak. 
Recorded conversation of two medical staff in #Wuhan about the misinformation and lies spread by #CCP / government of #China about the origin and scale of the #WuhanVirus #nCoV19 
#China A patient is having an emotional meltdown in a #Wuhan quarantine hospital. These non-isolated, ill-equipped "quarantine hospitals" are letting the patients understand that they were admitted just to die there, with no hope of receiving proper treatment. #WuhanCoronavirus  
Kenyans are trapped in Wuhan China. Please retweet. Sent to me a minute ago. @StateHouseKenya 
May be we should be asking what kind of medical attention Ugandan students in Wuhan are receiving. Could it be a better option than to #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan? What r the implications of evacuation & what is the local medical capacity to deal with them? Discuss! (25 marks)
10% or less of the cases in China are being detected, 25% outside China. Really around 50K new cases per day in China, doubling every five days. Wuhan will peak in a month, rest of China 1-2 months later. Then rest of world.  …
#China Video from #Wuhan Fangcang Hospital built in a few days to "quarantine" Wuhan citizens with mild to moderate #WuhanCoronavirus symptoms.  lack of isolation and medical equipment in this "hospital" tells us it is virtually a death 
This week I visited staff at Australian Border Force to thank them for their hard work and dedication. They worked professionally to get Australians out of Wuhan and into quarantine. We take the safety of Australians abroad and at home very seriously. Thanks to all involved. 
wuhan is a city the size of nyc i really wish i knew at least some mythologized version of it through film, like we all know nyc. china now is full of these remarkable cities why are they so anonymous to me? where are the netflix police procedurals to let me in on some color?
"There is absolutely no medical care here." In Wuhan, which has a third of the more than 28,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus, hospitals are overwhelmed and the sick feel abandoned. 
14 days ago there were 639 cases and 17 deaths at the time of initiation of the Wuhan Lockdown, today there are 28,000 cases and 563 deaths...do you think these 28,000 people did not take “precautionary measures” ?  …
Yum China, which operates KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in the country, warned that the deadly Wuhan coronavirus will hurt its business this year. So far,  has temporarily closed more than 30% of its restaurants in China. 
The streets of #Wuhan, China remain empty under the #coronavirus 
. @BinanceBCF has bought over 470K pcs of medical supplies from global suppliers, including masks, gloves, protective suits, disinfecting water, testing kits, etc. With 178K of them delivered directly to 50+ hospitals/medical teams in Wuhan and surrounding cities. more  
China CCP enters global debate on origin of deadly Wuhan virus  …
[INFO]Taehyung's Chinese Fanbase Vbar donated 50,000 surgical mask,20,000 KN-95 Anti pollution Mask, goggles, operating suits,protective clothing & gloves to various Medical centre & hospital to help against Wuhan Corona Virus outbreak.Their contribution is mentioned by GQ Report 
A cab to the airport on deserted streets. Health screenings. A long wait to board a flight home. A plane full of masked passengers, some separated by a sheet of plastic. This is what it's like to be a US citizen evacuated out of Wuhan on a charter flight. 
Thanks to open data sharing by @Sydney_Uni and Public Health Virology Laboratory, we've updated  with 3 new Australian #nCoV2019 genomes. Two from Gold Coast appear to be transmission linked, one from Sydney appears to be a direct Wuhan export. 
It's possible that #Wuhan coronavirus official data are false and minimize the actual danger. #Tencent may have accidentally leaked real data which show the death toll of 24589 - rather than official 300. #China is lying? What's 
Breaking News: Chinese President has finally spoken on the #coronavirus in China and he said: Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise dong fong 'hong choo la'', Jieng Zhing cho Yanghi Xanghi xhaun shei Wuhan chonge." I fully agree with him. 
Two newborn babies in Wuhan, China, have been infected with the novel coronavirus, according to state media. The youngest baby was diagnosed at just 30 hours old. 
Epidemic Tracker In China May Have Accidentally Leaked Real Data On Wuhan Virus Deaths — And They’re Bad  
that Bloomberg article about how Chinese are all prepared to sacrifice themselves for  cause and Wuhan is saving the world is some demented nonsense presenting itself as 'news,' but BB China has had serious problems ever since they got screwed for reporting on leadership
LIVE: The 2nd SARS treatment-model hospital is to be put into use in Wuhan. The Leishenshan Hospital is expected to  1,600 beds.  …
The antiviral drug Remdesivir is officially in clinical trial stage in Wuhan’s Jinyintan Hospital as experts are testing its use in treating #coronavirus patients. The trial will include 453 critically ill patients and 308 with less severe symptoms, a medical expert said 
A government that cares will hire a jet to evacuate the 85 stranded Kenyans in Wuhan, China. How much do we lose in corrupt dealings? We lose so much that just hiring a jet to evacuate Kenyans in the Corona Virus zone should not be an issue for debate.
Piecing together the events in Wuhan shows that for at least three weeks, city authorities were informed the coronavirus was spreading but issued orders to suppress the news. In effect, they engineered a cover-up 
The airline Virgin Australia announced that it is withdrawing all services between Australia and Hong Kong.  effect of the Wuhan coronavirus and protests have led to declining business and growing uncertainty, the airline says. 
“Traversing Wuhan by car and foot over the past two weeks has exposed the contrast between the clenched-smile optimism of government propaganda, and the sounds and sights of a city beleaguered by confusion, anxiety and frustrations.” 
An ICU doctor in #Wuhan described in extensive details what determines the difference between life and death in the fight against #coronavirus. Read here his tears, regrets and desperate fights to save the acute patients.  
Supplies donated from 16 countries have arrived in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak of the novel #coronavirus. Take a look inside the warehouse housing the medical 
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
Brave @ChuBailiang has been in Wuhan for two weeks now. Great piece about the mood in the city  
#China Video of alleged doctors from #Wuhan exposed true picture of #WuhanCoronavirus currently inside Wuhan: - Deaths are very underreported - Bodies are decaying in outpatient department - Government does not allow diagnosis to minimize no. of deaths 
LISABAR bought 3640 copies of S.U albums LISABAR bought 6,700 copies of ktl albums LISABAR Spent 2.5M ($50K) for Lisa's bday last year LISABAR donated $10,789 for the  album. LISABAR donated 6500 yuan, 10k surgical masks, 10k gloves n more to wuhan hankow hospital +
Wuhan Health Organization 
Two State Department-chartered flights landed in California, carrying over 300 Americans evacuated from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak  
australian citizen and PR evacuated from wuhan. But how about in Xinjiang?My 2 year old Australian son living like prisoner! China locked all the apartments No one go inside or out including the building my son living. @dfat @MarisePayne will you evacuate citizen in 
Wuhan is in Hubei. It is a landlocked province with no sea around it. Confident je cakap kapal dari Wuhan.  …
beijing tv weibo update: respect to all the frontline medical staffs, must be safe, let’s work hard together. go out less and wear your mask. together with wuhan and cheer for china. we can certainly  this epidemic. 2020, will definitely be better #WangYibo 
The streets of Wuhan, China remain empty under its #coronavirus 
If you haven't seen this already, watch how China constructed a hospital in just 10 days at Wuhan, the Coronavirus epicenter. 
36 Australian citizens and residents who were flown out of Wuhan have landed on Christmas Island, where they will be quarantined for two weeks, said Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. The plane carried 190 passengers from several countries. 
I don’t always agree with President Duterte, be he should do this. I fully support the President shaking hands with  from Wuhan, China. Kissing them if he was wants. Hugging them home. It will be a good  back! Thank you Mr President!  …
Who will be admitted to Wuhan's module hospitals? The criteria issued by local authorities are as follows (1/2): People infected with #coronavirus Clinical manifestation takes light  type Patients have ability to take care of themselves; aged 
Workers in Wuhan, China rushed to convert a convention center into dorms for #coronavirus patients amid a #CoronavirusOutbreak #新型肺炎 
Mine Camps or Mein Kampf? "Peter Dutton flagged that Australians being evacuated from Wuhan in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak could be sent to isolated mining camps" Dutton says people could be sent to mining camps  …
-China coronavirus death toll at 563; mainland cases at 28,018 -Japan finds 10 more cases from cruise ship -Chinese biotech firm BGI opens large diagnostics lab in Wuhan -Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation  as much as $100 million toward response 
Report that Wuhan has been ordered to test all suspected virus cases by end of day Friday  …
With two Canadians on quarantined cruise ship testing positive for coronavirus, we are seeing a slow spread of the virus beyond the confines of Wuhan. We need to follow the NIH's guidance on tighter border controls. #corononavirus  …
A further 36 Australian citizens and residents who were on the Air New Zealand flight out of Wuhan have now arrived safely on Christmas Island. Thank you to all those who were involved in this operation.
A video from a Chinese lawyer warns people can get death penalty under the name of “attack the public safety” if they do not report to the gov about travel history to #Wuhan recently，the city locked down due to #coronavirus outbreak. 
Deserted Wuhan streets amid coronavirus outbreak 
#Wuhan authorities in a race against the clock. Local government has been ordered to test all suspected cases by end of day Friday. Officials moving the sick to 11 pop-up clinics, other makeshift hospitals.  self-quarantine led to more than one loss in a family.
This is just heartbreaking. 28-year-old doctor in Wuhan dies from apparent exhaustion after working for 10 days straight to help fight the coronavirus.  …
Emergency medical teams from across China have arrived in Wuhan to offer their help  the #coronavirus. And, they've even brought a hospital along with them. CGTN's Sun Tianyuan has 
Two planes carrying about 350 Americans out of Wuhan, China, arrived at an Air Force base in California as the United States stepped up efforts to bring its citizens home from the epicenter of the fast-spreading coronavirus outbreak  
Suspicious trench fires in Wuhan #coronavirus Crematoriums are working 24/7, and the PLA is slowly taking over the city. Only a matter of time before they use burn 
This is a summary of how KMT's Wuhan repatriation team executed this process and how they've damaged Taiwan's efforts in preventing the coronavirus from reaching our shores. It's hard for me not  to the conclusion that China executed this repatriation with murderous intent 
This is an outstanding piece of reporting about the terrible sacrifice that the people of Hubei and Wuhan are enduring as coronavirus cordons them off from the wider world:  … via @bpolitics
Tencent briefly lists 154,023 infections and 24,589 deaths from Wuhan coronavirus 
A representative from the World Health Organisation (WHO)  Malaysian authorities for its open and informative management of the Wuhan virus outbreak since it spread from Chinese to 28 other countries.  …
Whoever wrote this headline was being far too charitable. China didn’t sacrifice a province to save the world. It did it to escape blame, to win praise, to look “extraordinary.” But it backfired terribly. The lockdown of Wuhan triggered a global panic...  …
Finally a real Wuhan Flu analysis and deconstruction, animated!  …
Read this atmospheric, heartbreaking dispatch by ⁦ @ChuBailiang⁩ who’s been in Wuhan for two weeks.  …
Total cases top 27k... over 8000 (full extent of SARS) are now *outside* of Wuhan & shows no signs of slowing. Out of 564 deaths, 549 have been in the same province as Wuhan. It’s lethal, just with a lag. Totals will at least double. Already much worse than SARS #CoronaVirus
#coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak The Chinese military has taken over parts of the control in Wuhan. 
For all those who are saying that the flu kills more people. You can send your friend this tweet. This does not look like  flu, China is taking this virus seriously. #coronavirus #wuhan 
A #Wuhan couple had symptoms of the #Coronavirus, and visited 5 hospitals, trying to get tested. None of the hospitals would test their blood for the illness. They estimated that more than 1,000 patients are currently waiting to be  …
Shops closed and streets barren as police checkpoints maintain #Wuhan lockdown 
Two medical staff in Wuhan shits on their government's lies and how their clinic is turning into a mortuary with dead bodies everywhere. Funeral homes are packed and not taking in anymore #coronavirus 
Foreign Affairs Minister Champagne says federal government has secured space onboard a U.S. plane to evacuate a "few dozen" Canadians from Chinese city of Wuhan Glad somebody finally is, but really... Epic fail on this one Trudeau! Epic fail  …
Trudeau stated airplane couldn't leave Hanoi for #Wuhan due to weather. I checked it out 17 deg, 2 km winds, less than 1 mm of rain. Outright lie? #Toronto #coronavirus #china  …
This hospital was built in just ten days in Wuhan, China. 
#CoronavirusOutbreak Patient talks about his second day in Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital 
Lucky Patriotic Citizen and Police catch many Wuhan People, can to collect Prize Bounty! So Fun and so Patriotic, can to get Rich and Eliminate Class Enemy according Eternal Chairman Mao! 
Xi Jinping visiting Wuhan in 2013 when acting as a man of the people probably seemed simpler. So far in this crisis, he's emerging as a more distant figure.  
Flights carrying 350 coronavirus evacuees from Wuhan, China, arrive at Travis AFB in California  
Five Wuhan vloggers who are uploading impressive video diaries to youtube giving a sense of what everyday life is like in the city: 1.  … 2.  … 3.  … 4.  … 5.  …
Wuhan Crematorium Inundated With Coronavirus-Infected Corpses | Zero Hedge  …
The Chinese city of Wuhan — a metropolis of 11 million and the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak — is 2 weeks into a state-imposed lockdown. Our correspondent @ChuBailiang reports from the sprawling industrial 
Hubei province reports 2,987 new cases of coronavirus on Thursday (vs 3,156 the previous day), 70 deaths, 113 recovered enough to leave hospital.  … Wuhan city now has cumulatively over 10,000 cases.
The number of virus cases being treated in the hospital in Hubei province went up yesterday by almost 1,700. That's 700 more hospital beds than are in the new hospital in Wuhan. (Source: Hubei health ministry)
The streets of Wuhan, China remain empty under its #coronavirus 
Next time y’all are here asking us for patriotism, remember the Ugandans in Wuhan begging a gov’t that doesn’t care. Why be loyal to a country that watches as its citizens are in such danger? #EvacuateUgandansinWuhan
The Wuhan mayor is being pressed to resign after approving a group dinner with 40,000 people, knowing that a deadly virus was on the loose SF Mayor @LondonBreed: let's have a Chinese New Year 
“I’ve started to lose track of the days,” said Yang Dechao, a burly 34-year-old factory worker trapped in Wuhan. “Is it Sunday or Monday? You forget because all normal activity has stopped. Ordinary people have just their families and their phones.”  …
“Safer to remain in Wuhan...” Safer than?? It’s literally the hub of the virus
It’s just like the flu - nothing to worry about! Now, where were we. Ah yes - converting all of our sports stadiums into a replica of that movie ‘contagion’. #Coronavirus #Wuhan 
CORONAVIRUS PANIC: Aerial footage from Wuhan, China shows thousands of people waiting in line to buy face masks.  
See those bitter Ugandans who are saying the students in Wuhan shouldn't be evacuated because they "luxury" education? That's poverty, fight it
#coronavirus is too Dangerous!! Virus is spreading all around the world watch this: How Chinese operating elevator ! #coronaviruschina #Corona #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavius 
The 1st batch of #coronavirus patients with mild syndromes arrived on one of the temporary hospitals in #Wuhan. Every 50 patients will be taken care of by 4 doctors and 12 nurses. The hospital will  800 patients in the following days. 
Please please please, I don’t want to be the next person in those body bags. Is this the same Wuhan the Gov’t says we’re safer in, if I die here my body will be cremated...my people won’t even get a chance to bury me.  …
Americans evacuated from Wuhan China to arrive at Lackland this week, CDC says  …
The Wuhan coronavirus is thought to spread through respiratory droplets emitted by coughing or sneezing. There's also a possibility the virus can spread through contaminated fecal matter. There's currently no evidence that it's airborne. 
Hey @dailynation I am sure all East African students in Wuhan can fit in a KQ B787.. for the spirit of the EAC please evacuate our Ugandan brothers and sisters too.. reach out to whoever you can reach out to  …
Via a friend in Beijing - 'A little boy in Wuhan was walking along when he found a bottle. He rubbed the bottle and a  out. 'I'll give you two wishes!' the genie said. He's a patriotic kid, so he wishes 'I wish everyone in the world could know where Wuhan is ...'
#Taiwan planned to bring citizens at risk - elderly, kids, people with chronic diseases - back from Wuhan, but who actually got on board on the 1st flight was different from the passenger list Taiwan received earlier. Public anger is boiling up. Thread on some backgrounds.  …
Buhari: President Xi, how are you? Xi Jinping: 叹 we are struggling with this Coronavirus. Buhari: Sorry your excellency. I want to ask you something. Xi: 谢谢. You want to know how we built the Wuhan hospital? Everyone has... Bubu: No Xi. Can you borrow us small $17billion?  …
#MostWatched #Wuhan, a city on lockdown due to #coronavirus outbreak, has released a spirit-lifting video saying, "Wuhan, don't panic, we're waiting for you." 
Kudos to @owishemwe for shading light on the plight of Ugandans in Wuhan. At this point, Ugandan gov’t needs to act clearly. All neighboring countries are evacuating their citizens and quarantining them once they land. It’s the right thing to do. #EvacuateUgandansinWuhan
The number of East Africans in Wuhan can fit on one plane, I don’t understand why we have the East African Community if it’s not for such things. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
. @LeonaAlleslev asks the PM if detained Canadians Spavor & Kovrig will be returning to Canada on the flight from Wuhan. “I hope the member opposite withdraws that question and the silliness involved,” said @JustinTrudeau 
This week, several planes carrying passengers from Wuhan, China will arrive in the US. The passengers have been screened, monitored & evaluated for #2019nCoV by medical & public health personnel every step of the way, incl. before takeoff & during flight.  
Trudeau just told Alleslev that her “clever little games” were unworthy of this House when she cutely asked if the two Michaels would be on the flight from Wuhan. #QP
“Two planes have departed Wuhan en route to the United States,” a @StateDept spokesperson told @EpochTimes. The Department of State said 2 further flights evacuating US citizens from #Wuhan have departed for the United States.  …
Footage of body bags from inside Wuhan 
2/5 #coronavirus Amid the outbreak of deadly virus, CCP censorship evolves into cellphone checking and arrest. Two Wuhan people were caught in Hainan. Policemen checked their cellphones and they were asked to delete some pictures. Then both were still arrested. WTH? For what? 
Wuhan, Hubei, China: *builds a hospital in 10 days* Flint, Michigan, U.S.A.: *Hasn't had clean water in 6 years*
#Wuhan has set up 132 #quarantine sites by Feb. 4, providing over 12,500 beds to patients confirmed or suspected to be infected with the novel #coronavirus, municipal official said at a press conference on 
Dear @KagutaMuseveni , President Uhuru has said he is going to evacuate Kenyan Students in Wuhan, what did we Ugandans do to deserve this kind of treatment ? Please take us home  …
2/5 #coronavirus Wuhan, Evergreen Community A suspicious infected is being chased by a group of policemen. People are reluctant to go to the designated Fire God Mountain Hospital because it is like jail. You never know if you can  back. Reaction tells everything. 
Canada plans to fly the evacuees from Wuhan, China, to a military base in Trenton, Ont. -- and hold them in quarantine for two weeks. 
The final sprint! Leishenshan Hospital in #Wuhan that is expected to  1,600 #coronavirus patients is  by 
This is an artwork I made for all doctors treating the corona virus patients. I saw this picture whilst reading an article about a week ago and It's been in my head since then. It's an image of a Chinese doctor leaving his wife; family to go treat corona virus patients in Wuhan. 
The Wuhan coronavirus is thought to spread through respiratory droplets emitted by coughing or sneezing. There's also a possibility the virus can spread through contaminated fecal matter. There's currently no evidence that it's airborne. 
Chinese NHC said inadequate medical resources in Wuhan were contributing to a higher mortality rate there. The death rate from the #coronavirus in the city is 4.9%, more than twice the nationwide 2.1%, according to the  …
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
You know, I wasn't too worried about the Wuhan coronavirus before I saw this tweet...  …
Two Russian military planes evacuated 144 people from Wuhan, China. So far none have shown signs of the #coronavirus but will be kept in quarantine for 2 
First Briton to contract coronavirus in Wuhan claims he refused antibiotics and shook off the deadly infection with a HOT TODDY of whisky and honey 
The medical system in China’s Hubei province, where the virus broke out in Wuhan, has been overwhelmed, and front-line staff have been forced to turn patients away 
It's not just Wuhan. Foxcon already shut down some plants. If more follow and they stay closed for a month, that's enough to cause disruption. Supply pipelines don't immediately just pick up where they left off. There is lag time, so a month delay would take 2-3 to iron out.  …
In China’s virus-hit heartland, fear and loathing on the road to Wuhan 
Everyone writing off Biden's campaign, saying Biden faceplanted in Iowa and looks vulnerable, isn't giving him the credit he deserves. You try campaigning when you have the Wuhan virus and your eye is a swollen sack of blood waiting to pop.
British scientists make breakthrough in race for a vaccine against deadly Wuhan coronavirus 
“90% of our employees are working 24/7… Every day, we need at least 100 body bags.” Workers at crematoriums in #Wuhan say that their workload has increased dramatically in recent days, constantly picking up bodies from hospitals and private homes.  …
“In the last 24 hours, we had the most [Wuhan coronavirus] cases in a single day since the outbreak started,” said the World Health Organization 
If Indians receive requests from their friends in China for N95 masks, tell them, to vacate Aksai Chin, Tibet & Part of PoJK. Stop this sympathy card for Chinese over #Wuhan disaster. We're not indebted to help them.
ITBP: A total of 399 people back from Wuhan in China including 7 persons from Maldives,1 from Bangladesh are being looked after at Chhawla facility of Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) by the expert team of doctors and medical professionals. 
“You’ve been to dangerous places. We have to find out whether you are infected or not,” Fang Bin, a self-described citizen journalist from #Wuhan, was told by half a dozen masked men wearing hazmat suits.  …
FYI Ya can’t catch Wuhan flu from sweet and sour pork Super sad that folk  to A&E and think it’s ok to say that they have been around “Chinese people”and are scared that they have Wuhan flu. WoW
The scene at #Wuhan airport earlier as 500+ Americans were airlifted out of #China. The flights have now landed in the US, where passengers will be quarantined at military bases to keep the #coronavirus epidemic from spreading. (photo by Jacob Wilson, who was on board) 
Reminder that the GTA is spoiled with many regional Chinese restaurants, bakeries, tea shops, etc. If you can't make it to Wuhan Noodle, there are tons of other amazing food spots that have also seen a slump in sales in the last weeks.
The new hospital that was built in Wuhan in Hubei province, will be admitting patients by tomorrow. It was built in a week
"Tencent may have accidentally leaked real data on Wuhan virus deaths as they briefly lists 154,023 infections and 24,589 deaths from Wuhan coronavirus before correcting it to reflect official data."  …
Chilling news out of Wuhan, which has been cut off from the rest of China in order to stop the epidemic.  …
"There is absolutely no medical care here": The world has mobilized quickly to contain a global outbreak of coronavirus. But in Wuhan, which has a third of the 24,000 confirmed cases, hospitals are overwhelmed and the sick feel abandoned. 
Interesting difference between Russian evacuation plane from Wuhan China versus the Turkish and French planes. 
#Coronavirus: 2 newborn #babies are diagnosed with #coronavirus at #Wuhan Children's Hospital, suspected to be passed from infected mothers! Youngest is just 30-hour-old. We have a new way of transmission now: mother to child transmission  …
To cope with the overwhelming #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan, a hospital was built within 10 days. But the fact that #China's #Military is in charge of hospital operation has raised concerns about even less #Transparency. Video by @news_ntd Read more:  
Reports on fire breaking out in Wuhan 
Must read. Weekly reminder that the Chinese Communist Party is not being fully transparent about the Wuhan coronavirus, is refusing the help of our experts, and is thereby endangering global health. We must be more aggressive in order to prevent a US outbreak.  …
The hardest short piece I have ever written @nytimes: Meet #Chinese #journalist #muckrakers who have braved their way through #coronavirus and reported in brilliant depth and detail everything from cover-ups, to corruption, to eery life in isolated #Wuhan:  …
"Outside #China there are 191 #2019nCoV cases in 24 countries & one death, in the #Philippines. Of those, 31 cases are in people with no travel history to , but all are close contacts of a confirmed case or of someone from Wuhan"- @DrTedros
#Coronavirus Wuhan starts to disinfect in the night! The question is how long the virus is gonna survive in the air and attaching to objects? It will be horrible if it can survive a long time in the air! 
A race against time! 30 negative pressure ambulances head to Wuhan to aid the #coronavirus fight. 
An infant in #Wuhan has tested positive for the novel #coronavirus just 30 hours after birth, said the city's children's hospital, raising concerns that infection could be contracted in the 
Remember how I said in every epidemic / outbreak there is a Patrick Sawyer? In Hong Kong, a man, a woman, and their daughter left Wuhan, China and entered Hong Kong one day before Wuhan was locked down. They then proceeded to avoid every temperature check despite being sick.
BREAKING NEWS Prime minister Boris Johnson appoints former speaker John Bercow as ambassador to the city of Wuhan in China. More soon
This is  of three clips, showing a man carrying a knife, going to an emergency clinic in #Wuhan, chased down by police. Official report says he got arrested later for attacking a medic. social media posts say all his family infected, he wants revenge. 
“We don’t actually need cures or vaccines to stop the Wuhan coronavirus” Joshua Lim talks to an expert about coronavirus cures and vaccines. Similarly, Malaysia’s Health Minister has also said the coronavirus is a self-limiting disease. 
Shang Chunsong is currently in Wuhan, the epicenter of the cronavirus outbreak. The whole city is in lockdown and the Hubei team's training has been interrupted. People are advised to self-isolate at home and gymnasts can only do basic training and stretch in their own bedrooms. 
throwback to ten & hendery singing i'm so tired by troye sivan and lauv in their fanmeeting in wuhan ~ hoping we could get a full cover someday cr. simpleVABC 
What's the fatality rate of #coronavirus ? Inside Wuhan: 1 in 23 cases Outside Wuhan, but inside Hubei: 1 in 71 Outside Hubei but inside China: 1 in 640 Outside the China mainland: 1 in 113 None reflect an accurate fatality rate - but they do reflect the known data.
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
My people are suffering and I feel like a deserter. I wrote about how my childhood friend fought the #coroanvirus with her mom in my hometown #Wuhan and how painful it is to watch from afar.  …
#Wuhan still getting disinfected 
The Wuhan coronavirus is thought to spread through respiratory droplets emitted by coughing or sneezing. There's also a possibility the virus can spread through contaminated fecal matter. There's currently no evidence that it's airborne. 
Israeli aid group, @IsraAID send emergency humanitarian aid to Wuhan, China following #Coronavirus. I hope that a cure will be 
What’s Going On China? This Hospital Looks Like a Prison! “Contractor reveals the inside of one of the two #Wuhan #coronavirus hospitals that were constructed in 10 days” @HimalayaGlobal #WednesdayMotivation 
Just in: Two flights from Wuhan, China, are set to arrive this morning in California, carrying approximately 350 Americans who have been in areas where the coronavirus outbreak is continuing. After a layover they'll be taken to Miramar Marine Corps Air Station in San Diego.
Tencent may have accidentally leaked real data on Wuhan virus deaths Tencent briefly lists 154,023 infections and 24,589 deaths from Wuhan coronavirus 
He is the first doctor who tried to warn the public about the #cononavirus in #Wuhan Chinese Doctor Tried to Save Lives, but Was Silenced and Became Infected With Coronavirus  … via @epochtimes
A baby in China’s epidemic-hit Wuhan city has been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus just 30 hours after being born, Chinese state media reported.  
“So many people have died. Are these from yesterday?” A Wuhan resident films what appears to be body bags from inside the epicentre of the #coronavirus. Follow our rolling coverage here:  
Hundreds of Americans who had been in the Chinese city of Wuhan as the coronavirus outbreak worsened were flown out on 2 government-arranged planes, arriving in California today. A period of quarantine is expected. 
Breaking #FoxNews Alert : Two planes carrying 350 American coronavirus evacuees from Wuhan, China, land at Travis Air Force Base in California
Diners pack Wuhan Noodle 1950 after Markham restaurant was attacked over coronavirus  #Toronto #Markham 
Two #Embraer #E190 #Ejets from Brazilian Air Force will used in the Brazilian repatriation mission in Wuhan, China. Today, at 12h, it will take off heading the Chinese city. @portalfab  …
That’s ripe as he says it through his protective mask.  like this also came from China’s government. The same government who arrested and punished the 8 Wuhan doctors that first notified others about the WuFlu. US should expel chinese propaganda outlets.  …
Not sure what happend in #Wuhan but this looks like a manhunt of an supposed infected people. Maybe a criminal The city of Wuhan & the entire region is a restricted area in which food prices enorme increased. #coronavirus 
AWOL? Feb 1:Imposed travel ban based on WHOassessment. Feb 3:Assured transparency in virus news as he led a briefing. Feb 4:Approved P2.25B funds for healthcare workers & approved relocation plan for Taal victims. Feb 5:Wants to personally  Filipinos repatriated from Wuhan  …
One of the first Chinese doctors to warn about the emerging coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan was not only detained for his effort but now also has contracted the disease. 
#coronavirus: #China's Tencent may have accidentally leaked real data on #Wuhan virus deaths Tencent briefly lists 154,023 infections and 24,589 deaths from Wuhan coronavirus An error or the "real" numbers? 
An infant in #Wuhan has tested positive for the novel #coronavirus just 30 hours after birth, said the city's children's hospital, raising concerns that infection could be contracted in the 
try to draw it 191123 Wuhan FanMeeting #TEN #李永钦 
Cathay Pacific is asking its 27,000 employees to take three weeks of unpaid leave as the Wuhan coronavirus spreads. The airline cited a "significant" drop in demand for flights caused by the virus. 
There was one man spitting at HK medics in a HK hospital saying “if I die (of wuhan coronavirus), don’t think you can live” The doctor cried. #Chinese
Bat soup, dodgy cures and 'diseasology': the spread of coronavirus misinformation, such as the widely circulated video of a woman eating a bat, spread by far-rightists. The video was not filmed in a Wuhan but in Palau, Micronesia in 2016  …
As I’ve said earlier, govt must trace all the travellers from Wuhan who have flown into the country BEFORE the travel ban. This is why the NUMBERS are INCREASING.  …
What do you eat when covering a coronavirus outbreak? A glimpse into our scavenging adventures in the locked-down epicenter over the past few days. Very disappointed to report no 热干面 (hot spicy noodles - Wuhan's specialty) yet. w/ @elsiechenyi  
A 2nd #SARS treatment-model hospital is to be delivered in Wuhan. The facility will receive patients infected with the novel 
Loads of unsettling  out of China about the Wuhan virus, but they're naturally without a proper sense of provenance as to where/when they were filmed, and what is actually happening in them, that I don't know which ones would be right to share. So I'm mostly not.
Going to my doctor's office to just sit in the waiting room and ask other people if they want to see my Wuhan vacation photos.
The kind of reporting that gives you ulcers: @NPR talked to more than a dozen sick ppl in Wuhan waiting 1 week or more for care. "All I am hoping for now is a bed in a hospital," Liu Xiaohong, struggling to breath in an isolation ward, told me.  …
A baby in Wuhan appears to have been born with coronavirus  …
A 12-year boy went to #Wuhan Civil Affairs Bureau to apply for admission into orphanage. Staff asked situation about him. He showed death certificates of his parents and grandparents: all of them died. Staff members started crying. #coronaviruschina #Coronavirus 
30 hours after birth, a newborn in Wuhan, the #nCoV epicenter, was diagnosed with the virus, leading medical experts to conjecture the #coronavirus may vertically be transmitted between mother and 
Tencent may have accidentally leaked real data on Wuhan virus deaths  
"The hospital has so many medical devices and supplies than what I thought," said a patient transferred to the newly built Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan. #coronavirus 
The Canadian flight from Wuhan has been delayed significantly. It was originally due to leave early Thursday local time. Now the Canadian government has told passengers to be at the airport no later than 5 pm local time Thursday, for an unspecified departure time. #coronavirus
#WuhanCoronavirus — 2 newborn #babies are diagnosed with #coronavirus at #Wuhan Children's Hospital, suspected to be passed from infected mothers! Youngest is just 30-hour-old.. #Experts now WARN a #mother-to-child transmission. #中国肺炎 #2019nCoV 
When the Kenyan Students Association of Wuhan lobbied for Sarah Serem, Kenya’s High Commissioner in China, to help evacuate them out of Wuhan, Serem replied: “Praying that the LORD’s protection be upon each one of you.” Also, she said no. @aprzhu  …
So a group of terrorists at Wuhan P4 lab produced the deadly virus killing thousands around the world r applying a patent with the drug developed by  Gilead. If patent is granted, Gilead will need the Chinazis approval to sell the drug?!  …
Britain will send a second and final plane to evacuate UK nationals from Wuhan province in China, where the coronavirus is believed to have originated. 
Two newborn babies are diagnosed with coronavirus in Wuhan, suspected to be passed from infected mother. Experts now warning of mother to child transmission.  …
Malaysia doing ‘very, very well’ in handling Wuhan virus contagion, says WHO rep 
A construction expert broke down how China built an emergency hospital to treat Wuhan coronavirus patients in just 10 days  … via @businessinsider
@GMOA "SriLankan Airlines staff members who volunteered to in the airline’s mission of mercy that brought back Sri Lankan students from Wuhan, has refused to accept the special incentives and allowances offered to them by the Airlines for the journey."  …
China's Wuhan converts 11 venues into temporary hospitals to treat "all who need to be treated." 
Looks like #Wuhan mortuaries are working flat out. Five bodies in a van. #coronaviruschina #WuhanLockDown #WuhanPneumonia 
NOW, a THIRD #coronavirus victim in PH. Before China ordered a transporation lockdown of Wuhan, there were daily flights from Wuhan to Kalibo & Cebu. I asked the Bureau of Immigration, how many tourists flew in a few days before? How many are still in the country? Where are they?
The THIRD CoronaVirus Case in PH. There were daily flights from Wuhan to Kalibo & Cebu. The Bureau of Immigration must track ALL the visitors from Wuhan. Where are they? How many are still in the country?!  …
Many thanks to the friends from the Maldives. WuHan, Stay Strong！ 
All hands on deck! Another 1,400 medicsfrom 13 provinces arrived in #Wuhan on Feb 4 to aid in the pandemic #coronavirus outbreak. Tearful tribute to those brave virus 
BREAKING: Coronavirus – Visitors from mainland China must enter two-week quarantine, Hong Kong gov’t announces  … #wuhan #hongkong #wuhanvirus #WuhanCoronavirus
On behalf of 17 families and the Government of Timor-Leste, I would like to express our gratitude to the NZ Government, for your assistance in evacuating our 17 Timorese students from Wuhan China. We value our friendship and would forever be grateful. 
A report that suggested Wuhan coronavirus could spread before the onset of symptoms was flawed, according to public health experts 
The No.1 responsibility of any government is towards its citizens. I can’t believe that with so many friendly countries arranging flights our gov &all of our intl  couldn’t find a solution to help the #Somali #Students stuck in #Wuhan. This is a sad big fail! 
More than 600 Indian students and citizens have been evacuated from #Wuhan following the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The #Cabinet appreciates @airindiain & its crew for the fearless service rendered and for putting 'duty' before self: Union Minister @PrakashJavdekar 
Union Cabinet's appreciation for the staff of Air India who travelled to Wuhan to evacuate Indians is indeed heart warming for the entire Air India family and would go a long way in inspiring Air Indians to keep going beyond the call of duty in serving the nation. Jai Hind
#HeartwarmingMoments: Fresh vegetables, masks, and protective suits, Chinese grassroots donate supplies to Wuhan  #nCoV2019, capturing the hearts of Chinese netizens.  
Photos of construction workers sleeping on-site at Huoshenshan Hospital. From an open land to a makeshift hospital for #coronavirus patients in  last Sunday within only 10 days! Salute to the hardworking #Chinese for unconditional love for their people & 
In line with the recent reports of confirmed cases of infection with the Novel Coronavirus 2019 (2019-nCoV) from Wuhan, China, and in response to the queries being made regarding this virus, the Health Services Department of Mapúa University issues this health advisory. 
Chinese toddler  first suspected Wuhan coronavirus case in Manado 
Please read this - amidst all the news about a city few may have heard of before, a personal, moving account of life in Wuhan: A Cultural Context by @MikhailovDanil 
Xi Jinping has dispatched a platoon of 300 propagandists to coronavirus epicentre Wuhan to “strengthen public opinion guidance”  …
Hey all. So over the last few days I’ve been interviewing African students in Wuhan. They are scared, frustrated and angry. I chose to end one interview because the young woman sounded so distressed. My latest piece for Al Jazeera:  …
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
A Wuhan woman："I tell you don’t trust the government report! "“We respond to the government’s call for self quarantine at home My mother is dying at home but nobody cares“ "The government still collects money!“ #CoronavirusOutbreak #Wuhan 
jus got back from wuhan can't wait to hang wit my ex
This is the #WuHan convention center. If these beds fill with #2019nCoV patients my nightmare -- harbored for 30 years -- will  
Two Malaysians evacuated from Wuhan tested positive for #coronavirus - Health Minister @DrDzul  …
The man who arranged Taiwan's charter plane from Wuhan to send Taiwanese businessmen back, has deep connections with the CCP and is a staunch supporter of Han Kuo Yu, his team managed to jam several dozens Chinese nationals (Chinese wives & their families), causing public outrage 
Faces of China in 2020: Marks of Masks Doctors and nurses who  #Wuhan Coronavirus in Changsha, capital of Hunan Province of south China. Courtesy of Weibo Changsha Fabu. 
The patient is a 60-year old Chinese woman from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the virus, who arrived in Cebu via Hong Kong in January. The patient then traveled to Bohol. 
#China Allegedly citizens of #Wuhan are attempting to smuggle into another city by climbing over a barricade set up on a bridge. The Chinese government's attempt to contain #WuhanCoronavirus has forced many Chinese citizens to illegally immigrate within the same country.  
There are two US planes currently en route to California, carrying evacuated US citizens out of Wuhan 
China says President Xi Jinping is directing its Wuhan coronavirus response, but he's nowhere to be seen | Analysis by @jgriffiths  
“We Can Do It!” HK, add oil! Wuhan, add oil! 
2/4 #coronavirus #wuhanP4lab There are around 1500 staffs working for Wuhan Institute of Virology, the only P4 Lab in China. However, amid the outbreak of novel coronavirus, NONE of this Institute got infected. That’s amazing! What’s secret? Wash hands more often? 
The number of deaths from the Wuhan coronavirus has spiked again in China, as confirmed cases topped 24,500 worldwide and there were worrying signs of new outbreak clusters in Hong Kong and Japan 
BREAKING NEWS. The Department of Health reported the Philippines’ 3rd case of novel #coronavirus. A 60-year-old woman from Wuhan, China, tested positive for 2019 #nCoV. She traveled from Wuhan through Hong Kong and arrived in Cebu on January 20.  …
hi i dont have wuhan. ive fucking sinus thank u
"We’re like refugees": Americans departing virus-hit Wuhan criticize U.S. government response 
It has been two weeks since the first US case of Wuhan coronavirus was announced, and the US strategy has  clear: It's impossible to stop this virus; it can only be slowed down. Here's why: • International travel • Contact tracing • Testing 
Best wishes for Wuhan from movie stars from Hong Kong, China. Jacky Chan, Alan Tan, Wong Cho Lam, Simon Yam. Have you watched their movies? Whose movies do you like the most? 
We’ve just been told our Wuhan hotel is being requisitioned by the govt to hold suspected coronavirus patients. Seems the govt is realizing the strategy of self quarantine at home is a huge problem leading to more, often cross generational, infections. (Pic: “Go Wuhan!”) 
Usec Eric Domingo: The 60 year old female, arrived in Cebu City from Wuhan last January 20 and then directly to Bohol. | via @raphbosano #coronavirus
Drone footage shows almost empty streets in typically bustling Wuhan, China, amid a citywide lockdown over the deadly coronavirus outbreak. The viral outbreak has infected more than 20,600 people globally.  
We are grateful to the NZ Government for their assistance in helping 8 British nationals & their dependents fly to Auckland from Wuhan. Their chartered Air NZ flight arrived safely today, with a number of NZers & other nationalities. Our teams are providing consular support.
In support of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Department of Defense is prepared to receive two Department of State chartered evacuation flights from Wuhan, China currently scheduled to arrive on February 5th. (1 of 3)
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak has spread across the province, with 2 other cities in Hubei reporting over 1,000 cases • Wuhan: 8,351 cases, including 362 deaths • Huanggang: 1,645 cases, including 25 deaths • Xiaogan: 1,462 cases, including 18 deaths 
Iran's Mahan Air, sanctioned by the US, evacuated 56 Iranians, 59 Iraqis, 24 Syrians and one Lebanese from #Wuhan, the center of #coronavirus. The passengers will be quarantined in Tehran & Baghdad for two weeks. Many Arab users appreciating Iran's move  …
A cruise ship in Japan is currently under quarantine with 3,700 people on board, after a former passenger was found to be infected with Wuhan coronavirus. Ten more people on board have since tested positive. Here are some tips for staying healthy on ships: 
Broke: send the journos to Gitmo Woke: send the journos to Wuhan  …
A cruise ship is locked down in a Japanese port with 3,700 people quarantined on board after it was revealed that an infected passenger flew into Tokyo and spent a few days on the ship. So far, 10 people on it have been confirmed with Wuhan coronavirus. 
Wuhan builds 3 temporary hospitals for mild nCoV cases - Global Times "3400 beds to treat patients in mild condition" -It would be great to see clinical spectrum described in the literature  …
#Wuhan, a city on lockdown due to #coronavirus outbreak, has released a spirit-lifting video saying, "Wuhan, don't panic, we're waiting for you." 
Two explanations for why Coronavirus seems to be specific to Kerala, in India: Many Malayali medical students in Wuhan  …) But also... Kerala is the only  checking? (Uh  …
The US strategy for now isn't to stop the Wuhan coronavirus, but to slow it. In just two weeks, 11 people in the US have tested positive for the virus. During the SARS outbreak, there were just 8 confirmed cases over many months, according to the CDC. 
Our efforts implementing the president's ambitious agenda must begin now, especially protecting Americans from the Wuhan coronavirus and dangerous sanctuary city policies.  …
So grateful to #NZ colleagues for getting 14 Brits/family members onto NZ flight from Wuhan last night, incl. holding up departure so @ukinchina could get clearances for the last passenger, a British 4 yr old child, to board. New Zealand: you’re wonderful! @UKinNZ @foreignoffice
Streets are empty and markets are closed in Chinese cities that are home to millions of people. This is what life is like in China during the Wuhan #coronavirus 
Should taxpayers assume the cost of flying Canadians back from Wuhan? The government says yes.  …
28-year-old medical staff in China dies, allegedly after working 10 days straight battling Wuhan virus  
I appeared on @PeterMcCormack's podcast @DefianceCast this week to talk about the #coronavirus outbreak, why I started the daily updates and the challenging task of trying to contain the spread of the virus in #Wuhan. Give it a listen!  …
Two Kalitta Air 747s are en route to March ARB with American evacuees from Wuhan.  &  
Sooo, the crew of a liner can "contain" a Wuhan flu outbreak onboard to TEN people out of 1,000 but the Oz govt has to ship anyone SUSPECTED of having the same thing 1,000 miles offshore to "contain" any outbreaks..hahaha, we have the very worst govt on the effing planet..
A song for Wuhan! German school choir sing Chinese song dedicated to Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak in central China's Hubei 
Japanese authorities are racing to contain a possible outbreak of the Wuhan coronavirus after it was revealed that an infected passenger flew into Tokyo and spent a few days aboard a cruise ship, forcing authorities to lock it down and quarantine thousands 
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak has killed at least 490 people and infected more than 24,000 worldwide as it continues to spread beyond China. Follow the latest updates: 
What could you achieve in just two weeks? China built two hospitals, housing 2,600 beds, in #Wuhan to help treat #coronavirus patients. Check out this video to find out 
In Wuhan, the patients are being transferred to the first 2019-nCoV hospital, #HuoshenshanHospital, which  in 9 
In Wuhan, 20 patients of 2019-nCoV were discharged from Jinyintan hospital. Among which, the eldest is 64, the youngest is 15. I wish them good health! 
Genetic engineering at the Wuhan lab? The Coronavirus’ HIV inserts not a natural mutation!!  …
It's been amazing to see the solidarity of Wuhan residents during this difficult time. This is Zhang Lei, a volunteer driver who gives rides to elderly residents to buy groceries, get medicine and go to the hospital. 
LIVE: Leishenshan Hospital, a special hospital to treat patients infected with a novel #coronavirus, is  in Wuhan.  …
The Democrat women are wearing white Looks just like a Hospital in Wuhan.
Congratulations! On 3 February, 8 more people was discharged from Jinyintan hospital in Wuhan, China. Among them, there are 6 severe cases, 2 light cases; the eldest is 68, the youngest is 26. 
The fact that the #Coronavirus had its genesis in Wuhan, Hubei is stoking racism/xenophobia. This is the latest disease outbreak to  racialized; SARS created the template for racist fear-mongering. We're better than this.  …
3B founded in Illinois, US in 2003. Location in Wuhan. Subsidiaries listed below. Sells adrenochrome. scroll to see adrenochrome listing:  … link 2:  
Map: Track where the Wuhan coronavirus has spread 
spotted on the boards. Adrenochrome out of Wuhan 
Photos show an interior view of the temporary hospitals in #Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province. Wuhan has converted 11 existing venues into makeshift hospitals, with a total of over 10,000 beds, to receive patients with mild symptoms caused by the 
Live: Final preparations at Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital a day before it takes #coronavirus  …
VIDEO: Chinese authorities are scrambling to provide facilities, beds and medical treatment for an influx of sick people in Wuhan 
Russian MoD airplane lands in Wuhan to evacuate citizens 
Wuhan has converted 11 venues into makeshift hospitals, with a total of over 10,000 beds. The conversion will  on Feb. 5  
BEIJING (Reuters) - A 43-year-old native of Wuhan, a central Chinese city ravaged by a virus outbreak, said he climbed up rusty pipes to the third-floor balcony of an apartment to gain entry into the home of a middle-aged couple - to feed 2 starving cats trapped inside 10 days.
For those who are suffering #coronavirus-like symptoms in #Wuhan, who can they turn to? CGTN reporter Huang Yichang takes an inside look at how  health center is sharing the burden of fighting the virus. 
Wuhan resident: ‘We’d rather die at home than go to quarantine’ 
There are 24,324 cases in China as of this morning - if you're wondering where most of them are (besides Wuhan), it's here: 10 days ago most of these cities inside the Hubei lock down zone hadn't reported a single case. Now some are approaching 2000. 
Wuhan residents are getting creative with how to fight the boredom of being under quarantine amid 
World!Please care about million of Uyghurs and Kazakhs Turkic muslim in the Chinese NAZI camps and prison,just like care about Han people in Wuhan, because the virus doesn’t distinguish ethnic groups. People in the concentration camps and prison have weak resistance. 
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak has killed at least 490 people and infected more than 23,000 globally as it continues to spread beyond China. Follow the latest updates: 
Life in Wuhan revolves around coronavirus. Supplies and doctors are flowing into the city as patients with unrelated health problems are being sidelined, @Chao_Deng reports. 
AMERICANS EVACUATE: A second group of Americans are escaping Wuhan on a State Department flight bound for California. As the outbreak grows, Chinese officials are even adopting violent measures to contain the virus. @RamyInocencio reports  
Thanks to @nytimes for quick work turning drone footage of Wuhan shot for us by a local photographer into this haunting video  …
“90% of our employees are working 24/7…Every day, we need at least 100 body bags.” Workers at crematoriums in #Wuhan say that their workload has increased dramatically in recent days, constantly picking up bodies from hospitals and private homes.  …
The global death toll from the Wuhan coronavirus has risen to more than 490 people. Follow live updates:  
VIDEO: The main hall at the #Wuhan International Convention & Exhibition Center being turned into vast detention facility for #coronavirus victims and their families.  #CCP #PRC #PLA
Wuhan China virus UPDATE: There are currently 23,867 confirmed cases worldwide, including 492 fatalities. Are you concerned yet? #RepentOfYourSins 
As the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread beyond China, federal public health officials in the US are taking a rare step: issuing a mandatory quarantine -- the first one in more than 50 years 
#coronavirus: @foreignoffice will charter another civilian aircraft to help British nationals and their dependants leave #Wuhan for the UK. All British nationals in #Hubei province who want to leave on this flight should contact 
In less than 2 weeks, a hospital was built in Wuhan to  the #coronavirus. Check out the full story 
Funeral Home Worker in Wuhan, Epicenter of Coronavirus: We Are Working 24/7 to Cremate Bodies  … via @epochtimes
Wuhan medic says 'there are many more coronavirus deaths and infections than reported' because those who die while waiting to be tested are not considered victims of the virus  …
Chen Wei, China's top BIOLOGICAL WARfare expert, leading efforts to  virus. Army sent to Wuhan to "deliver supplies". None  true. Is Army only "delivering supplies"or to also keep order by force if necessary  …
Sky News understands The Foreign Office will charter another civilian aircraft to help British nationals and their dependents leave Wuhan for the UK on Sunday morning
Big numbers not just in Wuhan: 342 new cases yesterday in Xiagoan City (1,462 cases total) 223 new cases in Huanggang (1,645 cases total)
JUST PUBLISHED: A new study describes CT imaging features of Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in 21 patients.  #CoronavirusUpdate 
#WuhanCoronavirus Update: PRC Army moving into #Wuhan to deliver supplies... This is not a drill. Pray for the people of #China.  … #WuhanFlu #coronavirus #2019nC0V #outbreak #DemonOutbreak
BREAKING: Hubei province announces 3,156 new cases of coronavirus, including *1,967* in Wuhan The Hubei & Wuhan daily totals are up significantly from yesterday, and both are all-time highs  …
After just 10 days of construction, the military-run Huoshenshan hospital in Wuhan  and open for coronavirus patients 
On Dec. 30, Li Wenliang dropped a bombshell on @WeChatApp: 7 patients had been diagnosed with a #SARS-like illness and #Quarantined. Soon after he posted the message, Li was accused of rumor-mongering by the #Wuhan police.  …
“We need to prepare for the worst-case scenario” #China’s state-run media reported that Chinese troops started to assist with deliveries of essential supplies to #Wuhan, the #Coronavirus-stricken city of 9 million in central  …
#WuhanCoronavirus Insider: The #Wuhan #coronavirus #outbreak is an unmitigated man-made disaster. Whether by Release of "engineered" #2019nC0V (unsubstantiated) Or Bureaucratic coverup (increasingly irrefutable) #China has much to answer 
#China converts gymnasiums, exhibition centers into hospitals, as hospitals in #Wuhan reach full capacity 
Breaking: a second case of novel corona virus has emerged in BC, a woman in her 50’s living in Vancouver Coastal health region this woman had family visiting from Wuhan, China @CKNW @GlobalBC @Fraserhealth @DixonTam @steeletalk @simisara980 @ericincredible @BenTDooley
The Wuhan 2019-nCov coronavirus can survive up to five days on surfaces according to a Chinese expert. Survival range is a few hours to five days depending on conditions  
Has anyone added up how many hospital beds there are in wuhan, then added the number from the three new ones and 8 emergency conversions  that total to the number of infected, potential infected, and growth rate of infection.
By China’s agreement, Iran sent an airplane to bring back its student. The authorities also agreed with Iranian students’ suggestion and 54 Iraqis, 24 Syrians and one Lebanese citizen left Wuhan via the Iranian airliner.
Belgian woman on flight from Wuhan with Britons tests positive for coronavirus  …
“Criticism of Wuhan people is unfair,” says Lucy Huang, one of many Hubei natives facing stigma in China amid the coronavirus outbreak 
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak is not a pandemic, World Health Organization officials said Tuesday, adding that they're hopeful transmission of the virus can be contained. 
#Russia sent its 1st military #plane to #Wuhan on Tue and has evacuated 80 Russian citizens amid novel #Coronavirus outbreak; 2nd evacuation plane has also landed, according to Russian Ministry of Defense (Video: 
America and Canada break the wuhan quarantine multiple times but y’all still have the audacity to fear monger against the Chinese  …
"Some of us, including myself, would secretly love to be in China’s Wuhan right now, experiencing a real-life, post-apocalyptic movie set". Hello? Just go. Grab a ticket and bring as many supplies as possible. Thank you.  …
"I've been trying to connect #Wuhan #Coronavirus with #DogMeat consumption...I wonder why only from wild animals in wet market in #China it could be #dogmeat..." Full  … #MoranMarket #Seongnam #SouthKorea - Hell on 
A cruise ship will remain in the Japanese port of Yokohama overnight after it was revealed that a former passenger had contracted the Wuhan coronavirus. No one is allowed to leave the ship while officials test passengers. 
Even if I die, I am not afraid of CCP. Screaming Chinese Reporter in Wuhan #wuhan #coronavirus #letterfromwuhan  via 
This Wuhan doctor was targeted by police for trying to blow the whistle on the deadly coronavirus in the early weeks of the outbreak. Then, after unwittingly treating a patient who had the virus, he caught it too. 
Inside ER of #Wuhan No. 5 Hospital corpses wrapped in yellow body bags, amongst waiting patients How long have they been left like that? These deaths most likely will not be included in the #Coronavirus #Deathtoll as they died waiting to be diagnosed 
China style #coronavirus quarantine if you are from #wuhan，visited wuhan or maybe like wuhan food too much，you are the enemy of the state，enemy of the people. Wuhaners outside of wuhan are no human being but parasite with virus，must b locked out from society. 
2/4 #coronavirus 8 Wuhan Chinese doctors exposing the truth of "novel coronavirus"were arrested for "spreading rumors" beginning of last December. One month later, they were released. However, CCP Enacted stricter laws: anyone who "spread rumors" may face death penalty. 
“Now there is a place for them.” Completed in 10 days, China is opening its 1st emergency hospital for #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan. More @business:  #Huoshenshan 
Dr Li Wenliang, 34, was one of the first to warn online of Wuhan coronavirus in late December He was promptly arrested by Chinese police for "spreading rumors" The CCP did not acknowledge the outbreak for a month Now, Dr Li too has  infected 
Animal Lovers Break Into Homes to Save Pets During Wuhan Lockdown  …
Thanks to Twitter I've learned that the DNC conspired with Jeffrey Epstein to genetically engineer coronavirus on his secret island to eliminate LGBTQ app coders in Wuhan (the centre of the  of course) so that the caucus app would break, robbing Bernie of his win.
Wuhan medic says 'there are many more coronavirus deaths and infections than reported' 
It is heartwarming to see  supporting Wuhan Noodle 1950 in Markham, after reports the restaurant was getting prank calls and was the subject of discrimination on social media. I had a delicious lunch and it was busy and bustling. This is Markham! 
In #Wuhan the Chinese government have placed mannequins out in the streets. Weird. Dystopian. This 28 second clip has the BBC, an out of control virus and a Russian in a mask, a conspiracy theorist's dream. Oh what to believe. 
"Wuhan, stay strong!" A solar power station in Dunhuang, northwest China's Gansu Province shows support for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, with cheering words on solar 
I also relayed my concerns with the @WHO excluding Taiwan as the Wuhan coronavirus spreads around the globe. As China continues its aggressive campaign to delegitimize Taiwan, it’s critically important for the US to reaffirm our support for Taiwan.  …
Don't bend urself for Nigeria bcos Nigeria won't bend herself for u. Sensible govts evacuated their citizens and placed them in newly built quarantine centers but Nigerian lawmakers simply don't care. It's easy to talk trash when u're not the one stranded in Wuhan.  …
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak is not a pandemic, World Health Organization officials said Tuesday, adding that they're hopeful transmission of the virus can be contained. 
Does it seem that the virus has been contained?! CCP told their own people that it was USA who spread the virus in WuHan. Break the firewall in China! Fight with Fake News in the west! Why was #Zerohedge shut down on Twitter? 为什么要封锁消息？ 
1,000 beds and 1,400 Chinese army medics: Wuhan’s #Huoshenshan Hospital is open for business after being built in 10 days to treat patients infected with the #coronavirus 
I particularly like the siu mei at the 4 Seasons, Gerrard St, but tonight in solidarity I think I’ll go to a Wuhan restaurant which someone has told me about. By the way, don’t believe the faux-snob stuff about Chinatown being inauthentic. Just go to the right places.
"Wuhan, jiayou!" China thanks Japan for the outpouring of support, a day after slamming a cold response from the U.S.  …
When a reporter took off his protective coverall after 2 hours of working inside Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan... Imagine what the doctors and nurses are going through every day. 
[INFO] Kim Taehyung Bar donated 50,000 surgical masks and 20,000 FFP2 masks to Wuhan medical centres. The total number of masks donated equals to 65,000 RMB (approx $9300). They are also raising awareness for medical centres in need of medical supplies #Taehyung #뷔 
What an inside scoop. Great article @StratNewsGlobal India Pulled Off The Wuhan Evacuation: Here's The Inside Story  …
After The Star reported that Markham's Wuhan Noodle 1950 was the subject of racist memes and prank calls, I tried their dry hot noodles and fell in love with the sesame-chili goodness.  …
This Wuhan doctor was targeted by police for trying to blow the whistle on the deadly coronavirus in the early weeks of the outbreak. Then, after unwittingly treating a patient who had the virus, he caught it too. 
A middle-aged woman said:  from Wuhan!" #HongKongPolice: *Step back* Woman: *Cough* police: "Sorry for disturbing you." Then they leave immediately HKPF's Motto: "Serving Hong Kong with Honour, Duty and Loyality" #HongKongProtests #Coronavirus 
India Pulled Off The Wuhan Evacuation: Here's The Inside Story Details of another successful Indian rescue operation by @ParulChandraP  … via @StratNewsGlobal
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak is not a pandemic, World Health Organization officials said Tuesday, adding that they're hopeful transmission of the virus can be contained. 
Wuhan medic says 'there are many more coronavirus deaths and infections than reported' 
"Wuhan virus can invade the heart and cause viral myocarditis. Due to the painless heart, it directly caused sudden death. Now all the people in the country who suddenly fell on the street are "not counted as cases of Wuhan Coronavirus" #coronaviruschina  …
Russia’s first Wuhan evacuation plane lands in #Wuhan 
A female patient with the novel #coronavirus successfully gave a natural birth to a healthy boy at #Wuhan Union Hospital in central #China. The woman was 38 weeks pregnant when she was confirmed to be infected with coronavirus 
#China: The Dept of State may be staging evacuation flights for US citizens on reimbursable basis leaving #Wuhan Tianhe Airport on 2/6. Interested US citizens with valid passports contact CoronaVirusEmergencyUSC@State.gov. Read this notice before emailing:  
After clashes and arrests in Tin Shui Wai on Tuesday night, a Mandarin-speaking woman went down to berate the police: "Let me tell you, I'm also from Wuhan!" Journalists and police surrounding her all jump back. She later clarified she moved to Hong Kong over a decade ago. 
The death rate from the Wuhan coronavirus across mainland China stands at 2.1%. 80% of the victims were over 60, and 75% had some form of underlying disease, according to China’s National Health Commission. 
2/4 #coronavirus The video clip captured one shot of Wuhan crematorium. Over a dozen of coronavirus-killed bodies were there. Many believe over 1 million people were infected and the death toll can be well above 100k. CCP’s manufactured death toll will put the world in risk. 
Drunk driving VS Wuhan Coronavirus in Malaysia. Which is deadlier? I say drunk driving.
Experts say the Wuhan coronavirus may be on its way to pandemic status. How did we get here? China’s climate of fear.  …
An expat living in Wuhan gives a tour of the city on lockdown, as Chinese authorities say the number of deaths from the #coronavirus shot up by over 60 in one day, bringing the death toll to over 420  
Russians being evacuated from China's Wuhan in two military planes today and flown to a sanatorium near Tyumen with double perimeter and national guard. The government provided rooms with chess and checkers for entertainment (they can't even go out to the hallway for two weeks) 
No researcher from Wuhan involved in study: NCBS slams The Hindu for spreading misinformation amidst the Coronavirus crisis Here are the full details of The Hindu's lies and NCBS' clarification  …
"Be strong, Wuhan!" Check out the magnificent slogans formed by heliostats dedicated to Wuhan in the battle against the novel coronavirus  
#Wuhan IS IN TROUBLE! THEY ARE IN CRISIS! They are renovating city's sports stadium & two convention centers into 3 mobile cabin hospitals to offer 3,400 beds to treat #coronavirus infected patients. PLEASE PRAY FOR ALL 
241 Australians, included children, evacuated out of Wuhan have arrived at a controversial immigration detention center on Christmas Island, where they will live in quarantine for two weeks  
#Srilankan Airlines crew who operated the flight to #Wuhan have decided to decline flight allowances in order to facilitate ground staff with masks and gloves. #SriLankanAirlines @flysrilankan 
Miles Guo’s announcement: Wuhan coronavirus is made by the CCP  via @Gnews202064
I have never seen my hometown like thisTonight, the city conducts full-scale disinfectant to contain #CoronavirusOutbreak, Yichang has recorded so far more than 400 confirmed cases as of Tuesday. The city is 400 kilometers away from #Wuhan. 
All smiles. 4 year old Wuhan girl became first patient in Malaysia to have recovered from #coronavirus after a week. Chinese embassy officials say she will be going to China with her 
Thai health officials have confirmed six additional cases of the Wuhan coronavirus, bringing the countrywide total to 25. 
Following Xi’s call on Monday for better propaganda and “public opinion guidance” work to tell the positive story of China’s fight against the #WuhanCoronovirus outbreak, the Central Propaganda Department is sending 300+ journalists to Wuhan and Hubei for “frontline reporting.” 
Stay strong, we are together #Wuhan in this moment 
U can literally put the Dow on a 737 Max flight straight to Wuhan and it will still go up.
#Iran sends flight to #Wuhan, reaffirms support for #China  …
Two additional evacuation flights for American citizens are scheduled to depart Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, on Tuesday 
Their happy faces say it all The four year old girl who hailed from Wuhan became the first patient to recover from the new coronavirus in Malaysia . Many thanks to staff at Sultanah Maliha Hospital in Langkawi  
Inside a supermarket in Wuhan, a pre-recorded message with more instructions on how to stop the spread of the coronavirus was playing on a loop. China really knows how to drill down on a message when it wants to. 
A patient inside #Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital shows his well-equipped hospital room 
Aircraft from Iran, New Zealand, Uzbekistan, and the United States now in Wuhan for evacuations.  … 
Day 13 of the lockdown in Wuhan. Overnight, the Wuhan Exhibition Center was transformed into a makeshift hospital for diagnosed coronavirus patients. Patients and their relatives keep telling us the biggest problem they’re facing is the shortage of hospital beds. 
