He is 100% right about Wuhan Virus.
ICYMI - Report: Wuhan Funeral Homes Burned Coronavirus Victims Alive 
“Like dogs”? Obviously you know nothing about dogs-you also know nothing about the COVID-19 virus. Let’s see if we can make this easier for you, dummy. A. It originated in Wuhan, China B. It spread to places like Europe. C. From Europe, it spread here. These are called, “facts.” 
COVID 19 is from China, created in a high level bio-weapons development facility in Wuhan. It is an engineered virus.  …
DEC 31, 2019: Mainstream media all over the world — from the US and Canada to the UK and Singapore — were talking about a “SARS-like” pneumonia in Wuhan, and they learned it from China’s state media. Those who now cry, “China lied” are being disingenuous and deceptive. 
Today I was criticized by a customer for stating COVID19 originated in Wuhan. They left behind a trashed rental. $250 cleaning fee 
Type A: Mostly found in Americans and Australians. Closest match to bats genome. Type B: Predominant in Wuhan and rest of China. Type C: Predominant in Europe. None found in Chinese study.  …
At the exact same time Event 201 was happening, the 2019 Military World games were taking place, hosting 110 nations and thousands of military members from around the world in none other than ground zero: Wuhan, China.  …
Last Fall as US stock markets were hitting new highs & China's banks were collapsing, a pandemic-level virus ‘escaped’ from a lab in Wuhan taking our market down along with theirs. All while WHO resisted calling it the pandemic that it clearly was…  …
Alberta to Canada's rescue. Well done! We're sending $41 million in masks, gowns & gloves to Quebec, Ont. & BC, where virus has hit hard. How can we do so? Brilliant AHS procurement team heard early Wuhan warning, stocked up in December. #ableg  …
Research from Wuhan hospitals has found virus trvels up to 4metres, & is mostly found at that distance on floors & picked up on shoes. Now think how often you wear gloves when removing your shoes... Doesnt seem so silly now that every other country sprays the pavements, eh?
Before the #coronavirus emerged, Wuhan, China was known for its tasty, dry noodles. @sharonchenhm takes a look at how food production has been affected after the city's 11-week #Covid19 lockdown was 
Thank god for real investigative journalists : Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  …
military's intelligence warned Trudeau about the emergence of the deadly novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China in early January. All Liberal Cabinet Members including #CowardInTheCottage can all go to hell and fuck them all. Rage cannot describe my  …
if you think Wuhan virus came from eating bats, you might be a democrat.
What's the logic behind China kicking out Nigerians from their hotel rooms? How does putting them in the streets mitigate the Wuhan Virus? Weird.  …
Taiwan were very wise starting 31 Dec, when they banned inwards flights from Wuhan.  …
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November, officials say. 
If CCP believes the virus came from a Wuhan wet market, why haven't they forcibly closed all wet markets? Just asking questions.
President @realDonaldTrump I encourage you to remind failing @nytimes that even the Chinese understand the Wuhan virus originated there. Wuhan women launched a campaign expressing remorse for the pandemic  …
Republican who floated virus conspiracy  sense has been my guide Tom Cotton told Fox News he did not believe virus originated in Wuhan market and said bioweapons link should not be ruled out  …
I totally agree with Gordon Brown ”an initial cover-up in Wuhan; China’s delayed reporting to the  the World Health Organization (WHO) meekly agreeing that the crisis was “moderate”; and even when on 30 January it apologised and declared.
Same Govt that said US Army planted it in Wuhan.  …
ICYMI - Report: Wuhan Funeral Homes Burned Coronavirus Victims Alive 
I mentioned this yesterday and linked to all the direct flights going out of Wuhan China, all of those sites are "hot zones". See for yourself.   …
Their model assumes a Wuhan style lock down, with a steep decline after peak. But US and EU have much more moderate restrictions, which means a long plateau at the top. This is what Italy, Spain, and now the US look like
Permission to Leave Town Amid COVID-19 | The Mindful millennial Disturbing privacy concerns are arising as the city of Wuhan lifts their #lockdown Will these privacy concerns  an issue here in the United States! #WuhanVirus #SaturdayThoughts  …
Pentagon rejects ABC News claim of November 2019 report warning of Wuhan coronavirus pandemic  …
When will China #CCP make Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli who ran #WuhanVirus research in Wuhan disappear?
If Twitter goes down we are doomed. Facebook feels like Wuhan already!
Canada is still to this day accepting people from the Wuhan area! And trudeau claims to want to keep us safe. What a liar!!!!  …
Covid-19 infection outside Wuhan in 4 major Chinese cities (Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Wenzhou) FELL BELOW ONE WITHIN 2 WEEKS OF PARTIAL LOCKDOWN. This is good news; it shows a partial lockdown can quite quickly suppress transmission of the virus.  …
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #China A passenger waits outside an entrance to the Tianhe Airport in Wuhan. A picture by #AFP photographer 
The Fashion industry in Italy traveled daily to Wuhan for textiles. Make no mistake it came from this place! 
Just so weird that Wuhan successfully seeded Italy/Iran but not a peep from the rest of China.  …
90% of Wuhan Coronavirus Hospitalized Patients Have Underlying Conditions  …
#Iran's regime always has the option to reallocate funds earmarked for regional expansion & controling Arab capitals, & spend the money inside Iran to fight the Wuhan #coronavirus. #COVID19
China Caught in the Act While Covering Up COVID, Deleted Chilling Wuhan News Article on New Cases  …
Wuhan is returning to life. So are its disputed wet markets  … 
This is a GREAT analysis of the conflict over Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus death counts. It's pretty much a MUST WATCH! 
Stacks of Urns in Wuhan Raise Doubts About China’s Official Coronavirus Death Toll  …
Due to Wuhan virus concerns, . @TheJusticeDept is setting free Twatenatti for 90 days. Not set free-Paul Manafort Why dat 
This is why CCP condemning people to called it #Wuhan #coronavirus, so it can rewrite the history, and fool people in the world it's not originated in China This is not the first time CCP doing such thing, it shirks responsibility of SARS to Hong Kong 
The past week in the coronavirus outbreak: • Wuhan, China, emerges from 76 days of lockdown. • The virus has been killing African Americans at a disproportionately high rate. • Online grocery services are struggling to meet a massive spike in demand. 
Rewrite the history and fool the people about the origin of #Wuhan #coronavirus is what CCP is doing, from condemning people calling it #WuhanVirus, to blaming US and Italy for importing the virus CCP is trying to turn itself into the 
Love our @POTUS removing another democrat funnel of stolen American wealth! Wonder if Chinastein knew about wuhan plan and WHO mimicking open borders to ensure its spread ChinaCrats are a clear and present dangers to every American!  …
ICYMI: Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of mainland China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 
Same here. When NYT reported the first death outside Wuhan on Jan 23, I started following the story. It was all over the news if you were paying attention. You had to be willfully ignorant. Unfortunately we know the Oval Office occupant is such a person. :/
Interesting paper about Association of Public Health Interventions With the Epidemiology of the #COVID19 Outbreak in Wuhan, China via JAMA  
As Wuhan and other parts of China re-open, Chinese health officials are worried about a possible second wave of coronavirus In recent days, the country has seen a rise in new Covid-19 cases, most of which have been imported from abroad  
Another Wuhan study of 2000 confirmed O blood group is most resistant to Covid-19 and A the least. Ranking is A - B - AB - O
An answer? Christia F got up and fumbled around..no answer. We find out that the army advised them in Jan and they still let 2000 people from Wuhan  in and no quarantine. Oh but JT had to listen to the science! Think that is why we are where we are folks???
Lockdown lifted in Wuhan, China. Looks like they've successfully beaten the #coronavirus on their own, WITHOUT a vaccine. So, why again is our media saying lockdown/restrictions may not be lifted until a #COVID19 vaccine  available?  …
 … NY'ers are STILL using the subways in NYC like normal. Many NY'ers aren't social distancing. NYC accounts for 31% of ALL deaths in US from the Wuhan Virus. All we hear is RACE BAITING on how many Black people died. DeBlasio, REALLY??? 
Why are the Chinese scape-goating black Africans? How has the freaking narrative turned from bat-eating Wuhan wet markets zoonosis into blacks been human viral carriers?
Read this and it will explain why Michigan has been hit so hard, direct connections between Wuhan and Italy. Michigan, and The Truth...  …
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS ALL OVER THE PLACEWas this Wuhan Virus made in a lab? Did they spread it on purpose? Why are politicians treating us like criminals? When will it end?  …
Just one of the many ways in which our ruling elite sent the wrong message to the public about the severity of the coronavirus epidemic. They had seen what had happened in Wuhan and was happening in Italy, and they carried on as usual.  …
Canadian military intelligence was aware of and monitoring the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China in early January. But Canada didn't begin screening passengers until January 22nd.  …
These photos from Wuhan after the 76-day lockdown was lifted are so powerful. 
New preprint Conclusions: Blood glucose representative of the clustered indicators of multi-organ injury and earlier predictor for poor  and death in the COVID patients in Wuhan China  
Video No 12 Uighur activist Fatimah Seyyah shared her views on Chinese pandemi & it’s impact, source and threat to people around the world. #COVID #China #TaiwanCanHelp #hongkong #tibet #Uighur #india #japan #USA #Americans #HumanRightsViolations #wuhan #Biden #italy 
Why is it that flu and pneumonia deaths have dropped to nearly zero during the Wuhan Virus pandemic?
#nnevvy More and more stuffs will be ban by ChinaI just like 8964 Btw China Wuhan Virus more important is that Taiwan is Taiwan not a part of China Little Pink are crying in their room just because they dun have any freedom and enough human rights,fucking sad 
“Everyone’s anxious to get out as soon as possible.” ICYMI: Thousands rushed to train stations and the #Wuhan airport after the 76-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted. More @business:  
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
Wuhan celebrates its 'liberation' as Covid-19 lockdown ends  …
. @billmaher destroys the media narrative that it's racist to refer to the Chinese virus or Wuhan virus (terms many in the media used with regularity until President Trump started doing so). 
China went from blaming America to blaming Africa for the Wuhan Virus. I remember those of you that expected Trump to fold his hands and let them blame America. See what they are doing to Africans now. Shey you see.
“chair of Harvard's Chemistry & Chemical Biology Department, is accused of lying about working with several Chinese organizations, where he collected hundreds of thousands of dollars from Chinese entities” including Wuhan University of Technology  …
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. Rt! 
Who says we’re paying it back, slow Joe? They broke the deal when they unleashed Wuhan virus on us. FUK CHINA.
a quick glance at their blog shows they also support calling COVID-19 “wuhan virus/china virus” so maybe consider if you really want to keep following an unrepentant racist just because they sometimes draw sonic the hedgehog  …
This is huge—and well documented. Key takeaway: the Chinese government was conducting dangerous experiments with bat Coronavirus at its primary military-civil fusion lab in Wuhan. That lab had a record of viruses escaping. Then a killer global pandemic hit, starting in Wuhan.  …
BREAKING: a new contagious disease coined the Coronavirus has been found in Wuhan, China
Is attempted resuscitation in #COVID19 +ve cardiac arrest futile? And is the risk of aerosolization worth the risk to front-line HCW? Sobering data from Wuhan. Among 136 arrests, only 2.9% survived 30d and 1(0.7%) survived with a good neuro   …
#China The people in #Guangzhou are drinking from the next floor, as if they were Wuhan...because there is no virus in Guangzhou either. 
Agreed? It was all over my twitter feed from what appeared to at least decent sources from Wuhan. There were also intelligence reports that were ignored. Yet our elites tell us we need to continue to believe the CCP and the WHO or we are engaging in a conspiracy theory?  …
There were direct flights from several cities in Italy to Wuhan. The Chinese literally own the apparel and fashion business in Italy. Thousands of Chinese workers are employed in Italy’s textile industry.
Since I first learned of the Wuhan coronavirus in  sense has been my guide. Not  lies. Not “the models.” Not so-called “public-health experts.”  sense. Many elected leaders have also been guided  sense. Others haven’t.
More updates: It seems that the actor bbright's gf retweets an article claiming that the #covid19 is from a lab in Wuhan, China, and then the actor "likes" the retweet. He apologized later. Another story is that they uploaded some photos but described Taiwan as a country. 
a journey of discovery to bring the truth, tracking down "THE ORIGIN OF WUHAN CORONAVIRUS" what was the Chinese Communist Party trying to hide ? 
ARTICLE: Aerosol and Surface Distribution of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 in Hospital Wards, Wuhan, China Take homes? Maximum transmission distance of SARS-CoV-2 aerosol was 4m Full PPE as per China policy kept the staff safe  …
Wuhan's hidden death toll: My week of tests, suspicion and threats in trying to uncover the truth  …
Britons evacuated from Wuhan  home  …
A detail report of Wuhan Airport Operations as it re-open after 76 days. Could other airport follow the re-open trend like this? On 8th April, Wuhan Airport had a total of 221 flights, including 107 departures and 114 arrivals.  …
As per Standard @CBCNews protocol they cut away just when @PierrePoilievre gets up and and is asking pointed questions about when the liberals had been giving security briefings about when they knew about the virus in Wuhan.
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
Important @billmaher rant on the culpability of the Chinese Communist govt for the Wuhan pandemic. And on the need to close wet markets NOW. Strong language, but he’s one of very few in Hollywood willing to call out the CCP.  …
“Chai [tea], indoor exercise, songs, movies, social media and video calls were our main source of engagement during the lockdown in Wuhan,” @M_Shahab_Shah, a student of engineering in Wuhan tells @arabnewspk. More about their 75-day strict isolation  …
Also, many people are attacking Chinese about 'Wuhan' virus. I think this is wrong. I know if possible, China also don't want this to happen. But some people will not agree, and you just have to accept that not everyone will agree. I hope you & your families are safe 照顾好自己
Ok. Wuhan virus was already a name. You want us add more emphasis on the country as a whole?
 of CPR in pts with #COVID19 who arrest in hospital – data from 136pts in Wuhan: Initially ‘successful’ (ROSC achieved) in 13% Only 2.9% survived for at least 30d Just 1 pt (0.7%) had a favourable neurological  at 30d Source:  
#ICYMI: The birth of a pandemic: How COVID-19 went from Wuhan to Toronto 
INFURIATING! Taxpayer-funded animal experiments tied to Chinese 'wet markets' and Wuhan laboratory! As a taxpayer, I want to DEFUND this! Thank you @WhiteCoatWaste and @dcexaminer for exposing  …
Pierre Poilievre is on his feet asking Freeland pointed questions about travellers into Canada from Wuhan province in early January. He asked if they were quarantined, and wanted a yes or no answer. Freeland danced and ducked the question just like her mentor Justin Trudeau.
Why are people calling our social distancing and stay at home  a “lockdown” as it’s not even close. People are able to leave their homes for necessities and exercise. What happened in Wuhan, China was a “lockdown” as people were forced to stay in their homes.
Not capitalism. Globalism and Communism. Globalism -- the unrestricted movement of people and viruses across international borders. Communism -- the silencing of dissent, including the arrest of eight doctors in Wuhan in December, who were trying to warn us.  …
Yeah he definitely would’ve killed the virus in Wuhan and it wouldn’t have spread through the entire world
Yet there is no evidence that virus originated from China But it has certainly spreaded from Wuhan Similarly Tablighhi Jammat has spreaded it across India Many people who attended the gathering r affected
A point of view. For how long will we keep giving China a free pass? Saying that Covid 19 originated from China isn’t racism. It is a fact. Using Covid-19 to hate on Chinese is racism. But what’s wrong with calling it Wuhan Virus?  …
I'd just add this, Bill. We shouldn't talk about the origin of COVID-19 being a wet market in Wuhan. There is no evidence that it is and in fact people investigating and researching it, do not believe that is the origin.  …
How is it that a virus that started in Wuhan, China that spread worldwide shutting down the world economy didn’t spread beyond Wuhan in China? The world needs an answer. R/T and make this go viral.
Evidence mounts COVID-19 came from a lab in Wuhan via 
From a car dealer in Wuhan: “Customers appear more motivated than before the crisis because they see personal vehicles as safer than public transport.” This should be a red flag for cities in Europe and America.  …
I thought Beijing sealed Wuhan off from China while Wuhan flights continued over world. FNC‘s Carlson: ‘We Have No Real Explanation for Why the Coronavirus Spread Throughout the West, but Not Throughout China‘  … via @BreitbartNews
“I called up all my pulmonary friends, I.C.U. friends, infectious-disease friends — people I hadn’t spoken to in 10 years,” Huang says. He spoke to Chinese doctors from Shanghai who had been deployed to Wuhan, all of whom painted a dire picture of the damage the virus could do.
Chinese Communist Party developed Covid-19 as biological warfare but the virus escaped the lab in Wuhan to infect China and now the world. The CCP's lying about this and our media, WHO, corrupt politicians, etc., are helping to spread that lie.  …
Gravitas: More than 55,000 people flee, after China lifts Wuhan lockdown  via @WIONews
Wait, you really believe that Coronavirus2019 does not com from China? It started infecting people in Wuhan since December 2019. And with the help from WHO (which means Wuhan Health Organization) it spread all over the world right now. 
BREAKING NEWS Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China.
"Can't we even have a pandemic without getting offended? ... It scares me that there are people out there who would rather die from the virus than call it by the wrong name." China virus, Wuhan virus, COVID-19, coronavirus,,. call it whatever you want but China is responsible.  …
Cambridge U published paper on #covid origin: - A, the original strain, not the predom. strain in Wuhan but are found mostly in Americans and Australians; -B, predom. strain in Wuhan and nearby Asian countries; and -C, Euopean dominant strain.  …
Small businesses in Wuhan, China, are re-opening but worries about the #coronavirus are still hurting 
The Covid-19 virus came from Wuhan, China. Are you offended by facts, @tedlieu ? YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM When will you condemn the reopening of Chinese Wet Live-animal Markets including bats? #BillMaher #VoteThisPCNutOUT RT  …
“Xi locked down all air traffic from Wuhan to the rest of China, but...not to the rest of the world. It’s as if they said, “Well, we’re going under, so we might as well bring the rest of the world down with us.” This is not the behavior of a responsible international state actor” 
While Beijing was disastrously censoring the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us in December about the coronavirus, Taiwan was warning us, but because of Beijing's obstructionism, it didn't have a direct line to the World Health Organization 
So yesterday sweet little Belgium finally passed China on total deaths from the Wuhan Flu Coronavirus. Either China is very good at containing the epidemic and treating the virus or they’re terrible at lying because they picked such ridiculous unrealistic numbers. 
You know it's a strange world when I'm  a Bill Maher fan. Maher: -Yes, it's the Wuhan Virus. -China is responsible. -Take off your PC tinfoil hat. #WetMarkets are 
"a few days after the Jan. 23 lockdown of Wuhan, he [Dr Li] sent an e-mail to the PHAC, including Chief Public Health Officer Theresa Tam, offering his expertise"  …
#CoronaOutbreak that started in Wuhan, China has now reached 214 countries around the world out of which 163 of them have now reported fatalities. According to @orfonline's #CoronaTracker the number of confirmed #Covid_19 cases are at 1,191,606. Visit:  
Between Kavanaugh, impeachment, Russia Russia Russia and now the Wuhan....most mainstream news sources have fully exposed themselves as propoganda machines for one side or the other and really it's about the conglomerates that own them
Zhang Wenhong, expert of Shanghai’s Covid-19 task force, dismissed saying that Wuhan has many cases unreported. “If that is the case, how dare we reopen Wuhan”. Yes, no one is totally sure about the mysterious virus, but equally few outside China knew Wuhan’s draconian lockdown
China Caught in the Act While Covering Up COVID, Deleted Chilling Wuhan News Article on New Cases  …
No one who follows me would call me a China apologist or friend of the CCP. This entire thing could have been contained to a few neighborhoods in Wuhan had Xi not screwed this up. But... My prediction: we’re going to find most global cases were US/UK/EU imports.
From a former PhD student (now prof at Wuhan univ): “the spread of the corona in Canada seems also fast. Try to Keep social distance! Take care of yourself and your family!!The situation of Wuhan  better and better, and the city was reopened after 76 days' shutting down!”
No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now. He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Other claims are unfounded. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 64 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio  …
Didn’t know it was Leo Varadkar that ate the bat in Wuhan- Jesus it’s all his fault.
Remember lymphocytopenia in the first Chinese article from Wuhan. Well seems Sarscov2 is directly responsible for it. Several of us hypothesized in Jan virus was direct 2 blame due disproportionate #lymphocytopenic patients with #covid19,check out linked article by Dr  …
On January 9, Zhongnan Hospital in Wuhan submitted 2 atypical pneumonia cases through the online direct reporting system, only to find the information was later deleted -- only provincial government had the authority to delete such information.  …
Comedian Bill Maher slams fellow liberals offended by 'Chinese Virus' references  … #Wuhan #COVID19
No doubt that the origin of this virus is from one of the two labs in Wuhan. Even CCP’s media used to call it “Wuhan Virus” before deleting\changing their headline later to fit their propaganda with the help of WHO. See for yourself. 
The government's failure to prepare after the Wuhan lockdown on January 23, and the two weeks wasted on the near-genocidal herd immunity project are inflicting death and suffering on thousands. But I guess in Mail land that suffering doesn't matter.
Again, 1 may say who cares about the WHO, the US should have known better. But senior members of the US bureaucracy were parroting this line as well. Here is the very smart (I'm being sincere) Dr. Fauci when asked if the US should be worried after Wuhan shut down. 14/n 
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November, officials say. 
“During the Wuhan phase of the pandemic, China built a 1,000 patient hospital in ten days. US media reported this as unbelievable. But last week in New York, the Army Corps converted the Javits Center into a 2,000 patient hospital in…about ten days.”  …
Move over MSM. The @EpochTimes REAL news is where it's at. Independent investigative journalism at its FINEST. VIDEO: "1st documentary movie on the origins of CCP virus, Tracking Down the Origins of the Wuhan Coronavirus."  …
Nope. Chinese is a people, not a place. If he said, Wuhan virus, maybe. Besides, why rebrand what health organizations are calling Covid-19?
Who is China fooling by claiming that its total number of deaths due to COVID-19 is less than that of Belgium, which has a smaller population than metro Wuhan? 
Eight #COVID19 patients in Wuhan are centenarians, of whom seven have been discharged from hospitals after recovery with the oldest aged 108  
The real Wuhan Chinese Flu culprit?  W.H.O. and @DrTedros are puppets of the U.N. Please, Sir, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, tell the U.N. where they can stick their Agenda 2030, @WHO and 
Trump supporters are not attacking Chinese Americans. Holding the CCP accountable for lying about the coronavirus and for human right abuses isn't raccciisst. What happened to citizens in Wuhan who risked their lives to tell the world that China was lying? They disappeared!  …
#OPENAMERICANOW The Chinese Wuhan Virus won't  close to the death rate from the seasonal Flu two years ago, but we are willing to shut down the economy and lose are God given rights. And this didn't even make the news.  …
This whole thread--about how Wuhan is trying to reopen--is worthwhile but this is a key point that Trump is missing: you can't make people spend if they're too worried/broke.  …
#ArrestDrTedros The role of China in unleasing the deadly Wuhan virus is already too well known. However, the dubious role of WHO, especially its Director-General Dr. Tedros in either shielding China or delaying the declaration of the pandemic needs a thorough investigation. 
Want to see Newyorkers expressions seeing this celebration video in Wuhan. 
Wuhan has re-opened after locking down the world
320 #Robots sorting hundreds of thousands of packages at the #China Post in Wuhan @XHNews via @MikeQuindazzi #AI #IoT #Robotics #FutureofWork #AutonomousDriving Video cc @ipfconline1 @jblefevre60 @chboursin @TopCyberNews @kuriharan @andi_staub 
CHINA: Honda has fully re-opened its production plant in Wuhan and is back to full production capacity
Story of the Indian States. Kerala got its first case in January from Wuhan, then a cluster from Italy, but has managed to control local transmission and moved down to 10th place. #coronavirus #COVID19 
They said COVID19 is from Europe or USA whatever but the first reported case was from Wuhan. Okay, maybe Wuhan is in Europe #ChineseApologizeToTheWorldForCovid19
Taiwan claims it "warned" of COVID-19 human-to-human transmission early and has released its "proof." This is utter nonsense. Here's why: 1. Isolation is a basic precaution for any unknown pathogen. 2. The WHO received identical information from Wuhan, on the exact same day. 
Together with its destroy of #coronavirus samples in December, it's clear that Communist China is hiding something big, that the virus is a bio-weapon released in the lab in Wuhan.  …
#COVID19 patients at the Huoshenshan and Leishenshan hospitals will be transferred to four large hospitals in Wuhan for high-quality medical resources  
Arnold Clavio has just proven that not only is the government and the DOH lying to our faces, they're trying to pull a "Wuhan" on us by keeping us in the dark. And for what? People are already panicking, the least that the government can do is be transparent.
Drones formed shapes of medical frontliners in the sky in a display to celebrate Wuhan’s lockdown ending. 2 1/2 month of suffering, pain and display of human fighting  to a spectacular end. 
Cotton spoke on Fox last night about how during the beginning of the outbreak in China, the CCP locked down domestic air travel in and out of Wuhan, but continued allowing international flights to carry their infected population to the rest of the world. They have to pay.  …
then why Covid19 happen in Wuhan ?  …
The basic nature of the Covid-19 threat was absolutely clear from the start of the Wuhan lockdown on January 23. A responsible government would have begun preparing at that point. Our government ignored the threat, preferring to continue its obsessive pursuit of Brexit.
Of course, according to CCP, the Wuhan virus is from Mars. So, let’s blame the Martian. 
There is neither evidence that COVID-19 was not originated in China. But there is evidence that the first COVID-19 outbreak was in Wuhan.
On February 24th medical authorities in Wuhan and the WHO had two things to tell healthcare systems around the world: you will need lots of ventilators, and lots of PPE. The U.K. Health Secretary publishes a ‘PPE plan’ on April 10.  …
Bill Maher destroys Democrat Ted Lieu : Scientists have been naming diseases after the places they came from ! Zika- Zika Forest Ebola- Ebola River Why should China get a pass ? This has to be the single best exposé anywhere on the subject of the Wuhan virus 
Wuhan used 1800 teams of five persons in each team to cover the population. In UK we wd need about 60,000 people to manage it, plus digital apps, under the supervision of public health professionals. We must plan for this NOW so we're ready when the lockdown is lifted. (4)
#Guangzhou police expelling Kenyans, #China needs to explain the reason for the spread of the virus from Wuhan and stop the pan dumping game. 
Before you say “Taiwan is a part of China” ,Tell Xi Jinpooh confess and apologize to world about Wuhan visus / or educate the real history about what happen in 1989 #nnevvy
Hydroxychloroquine Trial Gets French President's Attention as 460,000 Sign Petition Supporting Treatment For Wuhan Coronavirus -  …
2,035 Americans died of the Wuhan corona virus yeterday. That's the most US deaths in any one day so far. On the good news side, that number is just over the number of deaths on each of the three previous days, as opposed to a significant increase.
As this difficult week draws to a close, let's just note that the journalists who have continued to report from Wuhan through this all are heroes:  … via @WSJ
IF IT WALKS LIKE A BAT - SQUEAKS LIKE A BAT Very Plausible Explanation: no coincidence that there is a VERY DANGEROUS EXPERIMENTAL virus laboratory in Wuhan coronavirus may have leaked from that Chinese lab  …
After 77 days of lockdown, Wuhan China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, opened its borders for the first time late last week. Mark Wetton, a Kentucky-based businessman, has been there in quarantine the entire time. @GZEROMedia's coverage:  
4•11•20 Are we Blacks “fragile beings”? The Liberals have turned the Wuhan Virus into a RACE BAIT FRENZY. We Blacks are said to have “PREDISPOSED CONDITIONS”? Does GENERATIONS of Black Americans eating GREASY SALT LADEN foods have anything to do with it? 
S. Korea is (basically) an island. Singapore is an island, China turned Wuhan into an island with cordon sanitaire. The quicker we realize we need other bundles of public health interventions in the US, the better. Test+Trace is not nearly enough  …
NO ONE in China dies of their virus EVERYONE in the US dies of Chinas Wuhan virus Montana Dr exposes CDC’s fake Wuhan virus figures Deepstate staging a coup Trust no one- Question everything. @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
Testing is everywhere in Wuhan.  …
If Pastor Chris had said this from the very beginning, instead of 5G killing people in Wuhan and the Government locking down states so they can install 5G, I would have stood with him. This right here makes sense. They should do all the necessary tests to ensure that 5G is safe. 
MERS, middle eastern respiratory syndrome. The Spanish flu, West Nile flu, the Hong Kong flu. All terrible diseases all named accordingly. 2020, Pres Trump in office. We get hit with a pandemic which is named the China or Wuhan virus. Now all of a sudden it’s racist & xenophobic?
I'm fine with calling it the Wuhan or China flu as soon as we change all the history books to refer to the 1918 flu as the Kansas Flu.
I have been to Macau and I ask one of the local if I could find a fake bacon and she said oh boy this is not Wuhan how could fake stuff sold here im like yeah Ajumma I love her  …
For #Wuhan #CoronaLockdown: pulled out this excellent podcast from 21.11.19 by @dharmadispatch. Very informative, especially for the young. Great points by @hesivh. How the LeLi ecosystem was  …
mixed feelings about whether Taiwan’s Dec 31 email to WHO was an “early warning.” (in my piece, I called it what it was: a message asking for more info.) but facts are Taiwan did start screening passengers from Wuhan on that same day—demonstrating it took threat very seriously
Disowns bodies of men sent to fight in Kargil. Disowns Kasab and others sent for jihad. Disowns students marooned in Wuhan. Disowns citizens stranded in Dubai. Disowns or hangs PMs and Peesidents. What a nation, #Pakistan. Kya mulk  …
As much as we disagree with Bill Maher, he is 100% right as he blasts the PC Police over the uproar about calling COVID-19 the 'Chinese Virus or Wuhan Virus' - 'We SHOULD blame China' It's about Location, Location, Location! 
#FakeNews & losers go well together... @CNN should move its HQ to #Wuhan...  …
WHO, that corrupt as hell international organization that's in Xi Jinping's pocket? WHO, that lied unashamedly, minimizing the severity of the COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan? That WHO has standing with anyone?  …
Michael China already owned up to starting the spread whether it was from their disgusting eating habits or their bio chemical warfare laboratory in Wuhan remains to be seen my vote would be on the latter  …
Beautiful example of an outrageous attack on the president exposing the political motivation behind this entire Wuhan Coronavirus response crap! Ladies and gentlemen, if the economy stays shuttered until mid May, millions of business will DIE!  …
Reminder: You have a better chance of dying if you know the Clintons versus getting the Wuhan/China Virus. Just saying. And Epstein didn't kill himself.
"Dozens of small shop owners protested outside one of Wuhan’s biggest shopping malls to demand a cut in rent, in one of the first signs of unrest since authorities lifted a lockdown at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak."  … #COVID19 #china
Cities in China like Beijing are requiring #coronavirus test results from people before they leave Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. @sharonchenhm takes us through the #COVID19 testing 
According to American Enterprise Institute #China’s COVID-19 figures are not arithmetically sensible. The Communist Party has deliberately made estimation difficult, but, outside of #Wuhan city and #Hubei province, cases are low by a factor of 100 or more.
#ModiGovtDisownsPoor Modi Govt sent a flight to evacuate 119 Indians from Wuhan. When the poor migrant labour walked 100's of kms to reach back home, they didn't bother to help them. This Govt starts treating Poor like they are not our own.
Canadian lab immersed in RCMP probe sent Ebola and other deadly virus to Wuhan China: health agency 2019  … @mow_ri
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November, officials say. 
The Communist party of china knew it had an epidemic on its hands in Wuhan in December. International flights out of Wuhan weren't shut down until 23 January. Something is fishy, all other countries  together against china and WHO, China lied, people died !
The Wuhan virus: average infected person infected 5 additional people within days! Worth to watch! Tucker: Despite unanswered questions about coronavirus, authorities enacted dramatic measures | 
Make a video DISAGREEING with the World Health Organisation and YouTube will DELETE it. It is in their terms and conditions. But just remember that in January the WHO tweeted that the Coronavirus (Wuhan Flu) WASN'T passed human to human! Dissent will not be tolerated!
Reporters sans frontieres say 3 people who blew the whistle on Coronavirus Covid-19 in China have disappeared. Ai Fen. ED director, Wuhan, since March 29th Fang Bin: Feb 12th: Chen Qiushi, lawyer: Feb 7th. It is our duty to find these people who warned the world. 
Video: Satellite industrial park in #Wuhan resumes work and production 
Yep, we’re close This virus IS a designer virus cooked up in the Wuhan lab with the help of US based Univ labs We let 1000s of CCP students play around with all kinds of pathogens Do you think these CCP students are loyal to US academia? Lmao
It's not spider it's #XiJinping Who celebrated #Wuhan's new life after 76Days period of #lockdown .. #COVIDー19 #XiJinping & @DrTedros.. @jenniferatntd @kiss486 @XHNews @ftchina @MFA_China 
“after it became clear that there was a full-blown epidemic spreading from Wuhan to the rest of Hubei province, why did you cut off travel from Hubei to the rest of China – on January 23 – but not from Hubei to the rest of the world?”  …
Not so Easy to Close #WetMarkets of #China. Cars lined up at the main entrance of #Baishazhou #wetmarket, one of the biggest in #Wuhan, which is buzzing again. Dogs , Cats, Bats, Pengolin all ready for Kill. Only possible solution #BoycottChina 
CHINA OWES THE WORLD ONE ANSWER After the Wuhan outbreak, China stopped travel to rest of China BUT not to the rest of the world. WHY? Also: End of Dec, 2019 China signed an OUTCLAUSE: "In case of ACT OF GOD (Pandemic)" China will not have to buy from the US! 
if COVID19 started in Las Vegas instead of Wuhan, we wouldn't have suffered at all. cause what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Taiwan published *the* email to WHO on 31 December. And no... there's no "warning of human to human transmission". All it says is the information already made known by Wuhan Health Commission's announcement on 31 Dec, which said there were 27 cases.  
Nice Forward China gave wuhan virus to the world. India gave Hydroxychloroquin tablets to the world. Two of the oldest civilizations of the world  different  Will the world recognize ? @CNBC_Awaaz
Good morning to everyone Very interesting that over 40k funeral urns have been ordered in Wuhan over last few months yet they’ve only had c3k deaths - I think China have a lot to answer for. Transparency and truthfulness would have saved 1000’s of lives! They owe us - big time!
Live: How is  COVID-19 after the end of the lockdown?  …
#COVID19 Event201 Pendamic simulation 6 weeks before Wuhan Anita Cicero: WEF, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation are partners WEF convened a Pendamic Emergency Board, to provide  aimed at Govts, Businesses, Organization They're not expected to be Pendamic experts. 
If we flatten the #Wuhan #COVIDー19 infections curve, as our @PMOIndia @narendramodi has been trying to do, we will also bounce back quicker than other countries, especially economically. We must prepare for & facilitate that bounceback. @nsitharaman
“The coronavirus traveled all over the world from Wuhan China, but did not reach Beijing or Shanghai or other major cities in China. Can anyone explain how is that possible? There are so many questions, ...the Chinese stock market did not collapse, but...”  …
In the post- #Wuhan #COVID19Pandemic world order, if India is to play a greater role, we need two contrarian principles to run our administration--welfare state at the bottom & meritocracy, unblemished by ideological brinkmanship, at the top. (The middle can take care of itself).
Curious: WHO and others who insist that we must not name a virus after its place of origin (like Wuhan virus), appear to have no problem using Ebola or Marburg or Hendra, for instance. Why is that? Is there a good reason, besides the obvious?
China wants everyone to believe that everything is normal in Wuhan. Here is one more video which showed China is a lier to toe. People are still dying of the road but China has forced open lockdown to market the sell of medical goods to world & earning from helplessness. 
#Taiwan publishes Dec. 31 e-mail to #WHO with early warning of #Wuhan #coronavirus infections. #COVID19  
Sharon you have provided more information about Wuhan life in one tweet than the MSM have provided in weeks- thank you
Forget the #COVID19 #HaircutChallenge. These people are getting their first haircuts in Wuhan, China after the 77-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted Wednesday. More @business:  
The media and WHO were calling it the Wuhan Virus for months, it wasn’t until @realDonaldTrump started calling it Chinese did anyone take offence.
Wuhan became public knowledge mid-late Nov 2019. While terribly busy bringing back people from affected countries, we forgot basic responsibilities We are doing our work of January 2020 now in April. So....... 
I was watching and he was not wrong. It’s not the fault of the name of the virus that some Americans targetec Chinese Americans. They’re idiots. The virus started in Wuhan possibly from bats. It’s the Wuhan virus. Get over it.
They have requested the Government to shift the Wuhan Coronavirus infected patients to a neighbourhood with less population 
Bill Maher gives a fact-based explanation as to why the naming of the Wuhan Virus is scientifically accurate AND necessary. #coronavirus #coronaviruschina #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #china  …
Wuhan rent protest shows unrest brewing in China after lockdown-- Dont be surprised if China starts disintegrating  decades. Internal dissent going to grow. World powers likely to practice "economic boycott" of sorts  … via @EtRetail
Wuhan's wet markets are buzzing again after the city emerged from lockdown. But even after the Huanan market, where coronavirus was first detected, was shut in January, some of the others never closed 
What do you want to happen to your online content and accounts after you die? I spent the week thinking about this morbid but fascinating q, reporting w @ft’s Robin Yu & @NianInTardis on Wuhan families trying to recover covid victims' "digital legacies"  …
Mr. Fauci is the #1 Chinese Wuhan Virus power grabbing Narcissist.
REAL or FICTION. From Dean Koontz 1981 novel “The Eyes of Darkness” “They call the stuff Wuhan 400 because it was developed near the city of Wuhan. Wuhan 400 is the perfect weapon. In around 2020 a severe illness will spread throughout the world.” Biological warfare or fiction?
This is Wuhan, part 1 of 2. Quite a city, before coronavirus. 11 million population before, many less today. 
Artwork from doctors and nurses stationed at Leishenshan, the temporary treatment and triage center built in Wuhan. Wonder if they got any brownie points for this one. 
Wuhan locked down on 23 January (total lockdown with barricades vs rest of China etc) but the WHO advised against restrictions for Hubei & also against outbreak areas as late as late February, 2 wks before declared pandemic. Wuhan people have to be tested to be back in Beijing.  …
A series of multifaceted public health interventions were associated with improved control of the Covid-19 outbreak in Wuhan, China. These findings can help other countries  the global Covid-19 pandemic.  … via 
The woke left forgets that the Chinese government, sometime after denying the severity/silencing their doctors/not allowing outside doctors in for investigation also called it the “Wuhan Virus.” They have not stopped lying since then.
Zhang Dingyu, the head of Wuhan’s Jinyintan Hospital, which has handled hundreds of coronavirus cases since December, said the evidence on chloroquine was so far inconclusive 
1,000 drones lit up the night sky in Shenzhen, China, as a tribute to health care workers as Wuhan ended its coronavirus lockdown 
Say what you will about Nigeria, BUT its consular STOOD UP bravely and resolutely against the Chinese as they FORCIBLY EVICTED and BEAT UP and PERSECUTED Kenyans and Africans in Wuhan. Nigeria, we LOVE you. – at Garden Of Eden
#CoronavirusOutbreak | Far from mitigating cases, #China did the exact opposite, with officials in #Wuhan suppressing information about the initial outbreak, ordering hospitals and laboratories to destroy virus samples.  …
The Life and Crimes of the Tablighi Jamaat amidst the Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic: All You Need To Know 
I am waiting to hear something about Taiwan’s global help & donations but it’s just the same old, same old: “China was the first country to report the pandemic to the World Health Organization, but that does not mean that the virus originated in Wuhan.”  …
Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January: News of the MEDINT unit's work is raising new questions about what the government knew and when  … #cdnpoli
Since publishing this article: •The US threatened to stop funding WHO due to a supposed China bias •The Victims of Communism added COVID-19 deaths to the tally •Wuhan ended lockdown As China recovers, US propaganda efforts against the country will only strengthen.  …
#YogiAdityanath #YogiCares #ModiLeadingTheWorld #COVID19outbreak #Coronafighters DON'T WANT POLITICS BUT WHEN MEDIA IS SO BIASED HAVE TO HIGHLIGHT THIS. BIASED MEDIA. YOGI JI ROCKS. BUDDHU THACKERAY TALKING ABOUT WUHAN LIFTING. PATHETIC. MISSING FADNAVIS JI. 
 giant Amazon has reportedly begun construction a lab to test its workers for the Wuhan coronavirus in the latest effort by Jeff Bezos to ease his workers’ fears about the Chinese virus pandemic. 
What if ...?? China has a population confirmed by the CCP limiting number of births. Corona virus was smuggled into China by Harvard Chinese national student and China bio engineered with HIV protein in Wuhan P4 lab to make it easily transmitted between humans. .... (1 of 5)
A Chinese writer is pillored at home for publishing a diary about her time under lockdown in Wuhan, including criticism of the official response, because she was said to have handed foreigners "a giant sword" to attack China.  
I straight up disdain the Wuhan corona virus
The discrepancy between the numbers is due to the fact that the West Bengal government has decided not to attribute the cause of death to the Wuhan Coronavirus in case the patient was suffering  issues 
One of the things that struck me when writing the editorial for this Wuhan outbreak study was that #covid19 was known but they allowed traveling for Chinese New Year. It’s a chilling parallel to how the US allowed spring break travel to occur. We could’ve learned and saved  …
“ #China is organizing a worldwide disinformation campaign, engaging #Chinese embassies & media to tell everyone that #WuhanVirus originated in the US military! Jan 23, #China locked down #Wuhan, banned all flights from #Wuhan—except international flights to the USA!” 
Leading Wuhan Doctor Releases ‘The Coronavirus Prevention Handbook’ 
China closed off Wuhan from the rest of China but still allowed people from Wuhan to fly internationally. China lied 2 the world, said there was no evidence of human 2 human transmission, while they sent their infected citizens around the world 2 spread the virus. Sounds criminal
BREAKING NEWS FROM CHINA The guy who ate the Bowl of Bat Soup at the Wet Market in Wuhan China that had the contaminated bat carrying the COVID-19 virus, when he was in High School he was actually voted "Most Likely to Start a Pandemic by Eating a Bat in a Wet Market On a Dare"
Early Release - Aerosol and Surface Distribution of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 in Hospital Wards, Wuhan, China, 2020 ping ⁦ @First10EM⁩ ⁦ @Ercleve⁩ ⁦ @PulmCrit⁩ Data that might change our PPE policies #FOAMed #COVID19  …
And Wuhan’s wet markets are  back to life. Read this smart myth-busting story by @KarolineCQKan who explains how they’re a vital source of food across China and Asia that are more akin to farmers’ markets.  …
Inside Wuhan, people remain extremely cautious. Many are still afraid to go outside and face restrictions on movement. No one is eating in restaurants and shopping malls are empty even though they’ve reopened.  …
Tens of thousands of people rushed to get out of Wuhan when the coronavirus lockdown was lifted on Wednesday. So many lives had been put on hold for more than two months.  …
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intel hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November #TruthBeTold #TruthUnveiling #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath as Trump denied the truth valuable time was lost now Americans lives lost and HCW traumatized  …
I'm ALL for social distancing until we get the Wuhan under control...but this is INSANE. The Constitution wasn't a figment of my imagination, was it?  …
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November, officials say. 
A Wuhan biosafety laboratory, bat blood, a wet market, scientists, pangolins, politicians looking for someone to blame: the perfect ingredients for a story that won’t go away 
United Nations: Close China's Wuhan & Other Global Wet Animal Market Permanently - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
In an official statement accusing the Voice of America of "[amplifying] Beijing's propaganda," the White House attacked the news service for — among other things — tweeting a video of a light show against the Wuhan skyline. 
What's happening in 2020 - World War 3 - Iran plane crash - Australian bushfires - volcanic eruptions - earthquake in Indonesia - Jakarta flood . - wuhan Virus corona outbreak And recently, Krakatau erupted. stay safe, and don't forget to pray. the storm will pass 
yall are mad annoying  at him for his when justin has been helping out people with financial crisis and donating meals to people. He even donated to wuhan when the situation hadn’t worsened this much. yall finding a reason to hate... also he did grow up in a poor fam 
Wuhan Bat Eaters shirt would’ve been a tough visual. #UNBOXING VI   
In the spirit of "The Running of the Bulls"  up with a NEW SPORT... it's called "Streaking Through Wuhan".
Who wants to go to Easter Mass?? I’m thinking they can’t arrest us all but I’m ready & willing I’m sick & extemely worried that this is the start of them attacking & ripping apart Christianity. The WuHan Flu has opened the gates WE MUST CLOSE THEM OURSELVES B4 ITS TOO LATE
Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  …
Good question raised by @TuckerCarlson Why did the Corona virus spread all over the world, impacting cities all throughout countries but only affected one city in China, Wuhan. All the others were somehow saved? 5 million people left Wuhan and no other major outbreaks in China?
COVID19 is the enemy, not the people. What we say affects how we feel and what we do. Do say: COVID19. People who have COVID19. People who may have #COVID19. Don’t say: Chinese or Asian or Wuhan virus. COVID19 cases. COVID19 suspects. 
Btw, while we're having it out today w/ accepted media narratives that are untrue and/or unproven... How do you know the origin of COVID-19 was a Wuhan wet market? 1) There's no evidence to support that claim. 2) There are key researchers/investigators, who do NOT believe it.
The Director of National Intelligence denying that the US had intel about coronavirus in Wuhan as far back as November would be more credible if we still had a Senate-confirmed DNI with extensive NatSec experience rather than a political loyalist and twitter troll as Acting DNI.  …
Religious Freedom Seems to Have Been Singled out for Suppression by Wuhan Virus Regulations  …
LIVE:  “The CCP itself was saying Chinese coronavirus or Wuhan coronavirus in their own official publications” in January, “because there had been no Party line yet to say, hey, don’t use those names.” @JMichaelWaller on #AmericanThoughtLeaders 
ICYMI: Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first 
Reopening the country aftet Wuhan virus crisis is a tough decision. The majority of the country trust Trump to make decisions that are best for the country. This is why we voted for him & will vote for him again!  …
#POCUS in #COVID-19! Recorded Webinar available for free:  International experts: Dr.Volpicelli (Torino, Italy) & Dr.Shang (Wuhan, China) Guest speakers: Dr. Soni and NYC & Baltimore doctors. For more #COVID-19 resources go to:  
Genetic work at Wuhan Virology Institute on what became 2019-nCOVD dates back years to enhance virus transmissibility & its ability to get inside human cells & replicate  …
Home invasion suspect wearing Wuhan virus mask killed by resident. WELL HELL EVERYONE KNOWS A LEAD INFUSION WILL CURE THE WUHAN VIRUS !!! Paint my country red 
‘Coronavirus has changed us forever’: China’s Wuhan emerges from its nightmare 
co· ro· na· vi· rus noun 1. any of a family of single-stranded RNA viruses that have club-shaped projections that shuts the entire planet down when a jerk in Wuhan, China eats a Horseshoe Bat in the Wet Market that's located next door to the LEVEL 4 W.H.O. Biological Laboratory
I’m NOT saying the Wuhan virus was engineered to stop the Hong Kong protests but... the Hong Kong protests are over.
Stones were pelted at the Police at Bhagalpur in Bihar when they attempted to prevent Muslims from gathering in large numbers on the occasion of Shab-e-Barat in the wake of the Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic 
China refused to give other countries, including the United States, samples of the Wuhan virus early on. I guess that they didn't want to lose the patent on it.
Drones formed shapes of medical frontliners in the sky in a display to celebrate Wuhan's lockdown ending 
Michigan's Nutty Gov Whitmer 1st Stops Docs From Prescribing HCQ & Zpacks for Wuhan, under threat of arrest. Then she stops ppl from going to another’s residence. Now she tells Home Depot what they cannot sell! Why the hell would anyone vote for this?  …
The long tweets will analyze and reveal Wuhan P4 Lab of CCP and the history of the development of the coronavirus biochemical weapons.Let’s evaluate CCP’s real purpose through their publications about #coronavirus and other viruses since 2003. 
2020 - Chair of @Harvard Chemistry and Chemical Biology Department and two Chinese nationals are charged in connection with aiding #China, #Wuhan University of Technology.  … See also KU proffessor charged in 2019 aiding #China.  …
Not even the Wuhan-Bat-Soup-Virus can't stop 
China, December 2019: We have no virus problem in Wuhan. WHO says the same, afterall. Now, are we arresting the doctors who say otherwise, welding people inside their apartments, and burning victims alive? Yes. But remember, Trump is bad and thank God for the Washington Post.  …
Impeccable Leadership: @robertjeffress says millions of Christians love @POTUS because of his strong leadership during the Wuhan virus pandemic and  to religious liberty. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
hello laura many friends of mine in various Countries of Great Import contracted the wuhan virus & though it was no worse than a stubbed toe they took this miracle drug and not only do they Feel Great they have since developed the power  a sudoku by levitating the pen
The White House Tested Jim Acosta for Wuhan Virus and He’s Really Upset About It  …
By the time my $1,200 Wuhan Bat Soup Virus Stimulus  I'll be wiping my ass with the used Wuhan Bat Soup Virus paper Face Masks that now litter the f_cking streets... Thanks a lot
Chinese World Order: @realKTMcFarland says China is using the Wuhan Virus crisis to steal our technology  hurt by the economic downturn. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Pandemic Progress: @moricemdphd details the Mayo Clinic’s breakthrough test that shows whether you’ve been exposed to the Wuhan virus & established an immunity to it. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
“If China’s leaders hadn’t  embarrassed by the outbreak and tried to cover up its spread, the world may have had a better chance to prepare for this or even contain it in Wuhan or China. Instead, we have a pandemic,” said  …
As quarantine restrictions ease, Wuhan's residents are hoping to finally publicly mourn their dead — but are running into government restrictions on funerals and picking up loved ones' ashes. 
There's a SpaceLink missile shootdown exercise (ritual) this week. Today is 19 days after 3/22. The sacrifice needs a city for the innocent lamb. Possibly a Wuhan-style EMF/RF poisoning aka high-altitude sickness. Maybe (LA)mb? Seriously. Don't listen to me. Listen to you.  …
Anonymous Bites Back Special 10-04-2020 #Covid19 #CoronaVirus #Wuhan  …
Gosh, this is like the videos we  out of Wuhan in January. Don’t play footsies with totalitarianism...  …
Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January This raises serious questions about information-sharing within the federal government — and its possible failure to heed early warning signs  …
Protest Against Chinese Government Builds In Wuhan  
Sorry guys,as a Chinese fan, I trust Bright,but not his girlfriend!Look at what she said!She said Taiwan was not part of China,and covid-19 is made by Chinese laboratories.What she did really makes me sick.Didn’t u remember Bright supported Wuhan on January?And what u want now? 
“The first death came in the central Chinese city of Wuhan on Jan. 9. It took 83 days for the first 50,000 deaths to be recorded & just eight more for the toll to climb to 100,000. The toll has been accelerating at a daily rate of between 6% & 10% over the past week.” -Reuters
Keep in mind when reading today's two @cbc bombshell reports that Taiwan began screening passengers arriving from China on Dec 31, and Canada's first coronavirus case arrived in Toronto from Wuhan on January 25 #cdnpoli
Dynamics of airborne #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 spread inside a Wuhan hospital: "The results from this study provide the 1st field report on the characteristics of airborne SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan w/ important implications for the public health prevention and medical staff protection." MORE 
Let's clear this up, right now. Bet you 100 bucks, that 'Patient Zero was a Chinese virologist from a China Disease Warfare Lab in Wuhan. Prove me wrong! China is guilty of over 100,000 and counting, Negligent Homicide'. Case Closed.
British people who evacuated from Wuhan and now are under lockdown in the coronavirus-stricken UK wish they  home. “We should have stayed in China” says one  …
Video of a Wuhan Resident being reunited with his mother after the 2 month lockdown. Chilling. 
"[Taiwan] said that it written to the WHO..as early as Dec 31, asking for info about the..virus outbreak in Wuhan, including whether there was human-to-human transmission...the WHO confirmed it had received the letter but did not respond to it."  … #COVID19
Tracking Down the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  via @epochtimes
Wuhan police tactics now in Philadelphia. Courtesy of your local fascist Democrat politicians
Britons evacuated from Wuhan  home.  …
The White House Tested Jim Acosta for Wuhan Virus and He’s Really Upset About It  …
1,000 drones lit up the night sky in Shenzhen, China, as a tribute to health care workers as Wuhan ended its coronavirus lockdown 
"Leave as soon as possible. Who knows if there will be other restrictions tomorrow." Tens of thousands of people are rushing to leave #Wuhan after authorities lifted a 2-month lockdown. But residents in other regions are fearing #CCPVirus carriers  from Wuhan. 
So far in USA, of the 2.5M ppl tested for it, about one in five has been infected w the Wuhan corona virus. Of those who test positive, about 1 in 28 has died of it. (Don't shoot the messenger. These are the stats.)
Neurologic Manifestations of Hospitalized Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019 in Wuhan, China 
#Gravitas | The lockdown recently ended in Wuhan. But the city is echoing mixed emotions. Some people are celebrating the end of the lockdown. Some others have launched a protest. @palkisu tells you 
Anthony Fauci (creepy joker face) wants you and your family to be forcibly vaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) before you’ll ever again be allowed to leave your house. Fire this JOKER @realDonaldTrump
Britons evacuated from Wuhan  home  …
This study that went back and tested antibodies in patients with flu-like illness in Wuhan also shows no evidence for Covid existence prior to very late November   …
#Gravitas | Wuhan was the original epicentre of the Coronavirus outbreak. Today, people in Wuhan are celebrating the end of lockdown. The epicentre has moved to New York - where mass burials are being ramped up. @palkisu tells you more about this stark and cruel 
#Gravitas | 185 countries in the world are now reporting more than 1.6 million confirmed cases of the Wuhan Coronavirus. In India, there are more than 6,000 active cases. @palkisu brings you the latest 
7) The next day, January 15th, the patient who would  the first confirmed U.S. case left Wuhan and arrived in the U.S. carrying the virus.  
Newly released photo of COVID19’s Patient 0. An Iranian archaeologist specializing in the Late Bronze Age, he visited Wuhan wetmarket after returning from the excavation of a cursed tomb dating to 8th century BC. He returned to Iran by air in November 2019, dying on 1 December. 
Here's the full interview by Patrick Bet David that proves China lied to the whole wide world about the Wuhan Virus pandemic because they wanted to make money off pandemic. And death.  …
In Wuhan hospital wards, #COVID19 "was widely distributed on  mice, trash cans, and sickbed handrails and was detected in air ~4 meters from patients," according to Chinese scientists.  …
This interview exposes why the Chinese kept on lying to the world despite knowing that they had the Corona Virus epidemic breeding in their backyard in Wuhan. Did you know that China inserted a pandemic clause in the trade treaty with US days before the pandemic broke out? Listen 
According to Health. com upwards of 59,000 Americans have already died of the flu this year. . And remember that this is WITH the flu shot. If not for the flu shot the flu would be far deadlier than Wuhan virus. The Spanish flu killed 50 million people worldwide
BOMBSHELL from Robert F. Kennedy. Though US had banned bioweapon development, NIH (headed by Fauci) approved U. of No. Carolina study modifying coronavirus spec obtained from Ft. Detrick. Scientists in study included Wuhan virologist. This is vetted on Dr Rashid Buttar's website. 
This is how much space refugees have to stay safe from coronavirus  with people in more urban epicentres, such as China’s Wuhan, a city of 1,295 people per one sq km. A thread 
We are entitled to ask whether the Chinese are conducting ETHNIC CLEANSING of Kenyans in Wuhan @StateHouseKenya @MarthaKarua @ForeignOfficeKE  – at Garden Of Eden
Okay, here's the deal. Staying at home isn't to prevent people from catching the Wuhan virus or dying from the Wuhan virus. It can't do that. People gotta eat. People gotta see the doctor. It *will* spread. People will catch it. Some will die. This is not avoidable.
There were early virus warning signs. They were Wuhan doctors. And they were locked up, disappeared, or forced to apologize for “illegal behavior” by the Chinese Govt. Doctors like Dr. Li Wenliang, who tried to warn colleagues but was told by police to stop. He died in Feb.  …
BREAKING NEWS: The Easter Bunny was sold, killed, and undercooked at the Wuhan Wet Market.
Now we are told we cannot travel between BC & Alberta by the same people who 1 month ago said it it was totally OK to travel from the COVID-19 epicentre of Wuhan, China to Canada. When this is over Trudeau can never be forgiven for putting his pro-China admiration over Canadians
Okay, Benny Boy @benraylujan’s scam emails are REALLY getting old. Now he's saying if people don't give him , our post offices will close? Ok, Wuhan Luján: shut your damn mouth and go away. You disgrace the legitimate Lujan family that probably can't stand you just as much as I 
“WUHAN” All’s Well That Ends Well The web of our life is of a mingled yarn,good & ill together:our virtues would be proud,if our faults whipped them not & our crimes would despair,if they r not cherished by our virtues. Wuhan,China lights up the night after 76 days of COVID-19 LD 
The general public literally does not pay attention to the history of what happened in Wuhan 2-3 months ago and I think it's important to point this out  …
The Wuhan theory spread as we’ve been bombarded by a dizzying volume of information, disinformation, and confusing or conflicting information, and it can be difficult even for the most measured and reality-based among us to gauge the truth 
Make it known to everyone ! African people evicted from their home and hotels in #China , formatting #WuhanVirus originated in #Wuhan because of #CCPChina which #ChinaLiedPeopleDied with #WHOLiedPeopleDied ! Such a disgrace! What about Sino African friendship? Another  …
China has had COVID-19 in its Wuhan lab for SEVEN YEARS it looks like a horrible coincidence that China’s Institute of Virology, a high-security laboratory where human cells were being experimentally infected with bat viruses, happens to be in Wuhan.  
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Shi Zhengli and the Wuhan Institute of Virology Connected to Coronavirus EXPERIMENTED WITH LIVE ANIMALS ...And We Have Proof! The  will never admit it. They have their servants helping them, Dem Politicians and FAKE NEWS  …
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied In Africa we don't eat monkeys instead we treat them like real friends,Chinese are allover eating bats and dogs...Wuhan was the origin of the Covid-19. 
Researchers studying city dubbed 'German Wuhan' discover 15% of people carry antibodies 
Wuhan in America. We need @realDonaldTrump to end this tyranny  …
Wuhan China declares an end to the curfew and life back to normal after successfully beating the Coronavirus. 
A series of multifaceted #publichealth interventions was temporally associated with improved control of the #COVID19 outbreak in #Wuhan and may inform public health policy in other countries and regions 
Leaked Documents From District Authorities in Wuhan Reveal Scale of Virus Data Coverup  … via @epochtimes
Drones formed shapes of medical frontliners in the sky in a display to celebrate Wuhan's lockdown ending 
Credit where it's due: @BillGertz of @WashTimes was the first to point to the Wuhan bio lab. Brave reporting!
'The killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.' says report from the South China University of Technology  via @MailOnline
1. Sanitizer 2. Italy 3. Wuhan 4. Grocery #coronavirus #covid19 #contest #alert #GiveawayAlert #competition #puzzles @ssupnow Join @satyapaljain_86 @avii4ever @SJ_0016 @Aka5hKr @Aaravsingh28 @Zaaid08 @wasimkh00 @sanketdhende @Rittick22 @Jay_parmar17 
Where are all those silly Nigerians telling me to stop calling it "Wuhan Corona virus" because it is racist? Now that the Chinese are now attacking blacks like you, including Nigerians and claiming they brought in the Corona virus to China, what say you? Oniranu rada rada.
Mark Wetton has been in Wuhan, China, since the coronavirus outbreak began. He spent the last three months in quarantine. These are the lessons that he hopes Americans will heed. Follow all of @GZEROMedia's coronavirus coverage:  
16,002 samplings conducted in a day, of which only 2 percent of cases have tested positive for Wuhan Coronavirus, no traces  transmission  …
Don't blatantly lie. On January 14th at 4.48 pm tweeted the following: "Preliminary investigations conducted by the Chinese authorities have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) identified in #Wuhan,  …
No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now. He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Other claims are unfounded. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 63 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio  …
Authoritarian govts does well in  to Liberal democracies. China forced entire Wuhan population into camps, N Korea executed Covid pateints, Iran & russian imposed strict Lockdown while western countries still thinking if Lockdown is a violation of Human rights
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Shi Zhengli and the Wuhan Institute of Virology Connected to Coronavirus EXPERIMENTED WITH LIVE ANIMALS ...And We Have Proof!  …
There are many lessons to be learned from the Wuhan #coronavirus pandemic. But one is already clear: #China needs to be isolated from the civilized world until its behavior  …
It is untrue that information from Taiwan is absent. Taiwan is part of China & Taiwan people are  For the people's health, our CDC shared info with Taiwan & arranged expert visit to Wuhan in mid-January & exchanges with mainland experts. 
Uh-Oh : What did Trudeau know and when ... or was he too busy in Costa Rica? | Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  …
A little bit of history. On Jan 22, at Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan, people had to line up from 3:00 am in the morning in order to see a doctor. This is one day before the lockdown. #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic 
Kenapa orang komen macam China start second wave? Baca tak artikel news ni?? China never zero case pon. But its been below 100. Wuhan got zero case recently,not China. Read,people  …
Examples of things being reported on Russian state news now: 1) Virus was made in American labs and spread in Wuhan to lower China/Russian influence. 2) Testing is too expensive so no one can get it (it's free) 3) Trump begged Putin for help 4) Pentagon has run out of body bags
How desperate are authorities for COVID-19 test kits? @UWMedicine took a $125K gamble on kits from China. The connection? UW's lab manager had a Seattle friend w/ a sales contact in China whose boss' sister's husband is a doctor in Wuhan & could order  …
Authorities in #Wuhan have consistently underreported #CCPVirus infections and deaths, according to internal gov't docs obtained by @EpochTimes. The docs suggests patients were not counted if they were not checked into a designated #COVID19  …
Epoch Times mini doc exposing the CCP & the Level 4 Wuhan Institute of Virology. We were conspiracy theorists for suggesting that their might be a link between the lab and the virus, turns out we were most likely correct. #CCPLiedPeopleDied  …
WuHan citizens are fleeing the city before it gets locked down again. Where are they going? The only country with open borders close to US that i know of is Canada. #ChinaLiedPeopleDie #COVID19  …
Chinese are evicting Africans and telling them to return to their countries. Accusing them that they are the reason behind the spread of covid 19. #ChinaMustExplain why the #ChineseVirus didn't go past Wuhan the epicenter and stop blame game. 
Trump's "we didn't know about #coronavirus" myth was busted. The National Center for Medical Intelligence knew spreading contagion in Wuhan since November & presented the White House & Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) the findings on “multiple” occasions.  …
Cities in China like Beijing are requiring #coronavirus test results from people before they leave #Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. @sharonchenhm shows us the #COVIDー19 testing 
Laura Ingraham's "Setting aside New York and other cities—America’s COVID numbers are basically on par with Germany." Sounds like "Setting aside Wuhan and other cities—China’s COVID numbers are basically on par with Liechtenstein."
Saying “Wuhan Virus” is racist because the virus doesn’t discriminate but the virus is racist because it discriminates. Only someone as stupid and ignorant as . @AOC  up with this garbage. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #ChineseVirus #WuhanVirus  …
This isn't for the Wuhan Virus. This is Hart Island. This is where NY buries unknowm people with no next of kin. There's over a million people there already
Learned so much about Wuhan thanks to this beautiful story by @heylauragao. The story of the coronavirus will not be how we gave into fear, but how we came together to make it through this dark time. Know that we are rooting for you.  …
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intel hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November. No “intelligence product” came from the raw intel till December.  …
It’s striking how the panicked rhetoric about the Wuhan coronavirus mirrors the Iraq WMD debate in 2002/2003 and beyond. If you doubt the experts’ WMD claims, it’s because you love Saddam Hussein, or you don’t care if America gets nuked, or you just hate America.
. @NicolleDWallace @maddow @MSNBC @andersoncooper @CNN 11/2019-US intel collects raw intel suggesting a crisis brewing in Wuhan 12/2019-Formal assessment prepped Early 1/2020, assessment put in Trump’s briefing. SEVEN WEEKS pass b4 #trump acts.  …
China Battles Civil Unrest As Protests Erupt In Wuhan With Shop-Owners Demanding Rent Cut  …
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
It still came from Wuhan, which is in China. All this pretending that it's "racist" to say that won't change the facts. Stop being cowards. The far left isn't actually going to anything to you.  …
Who's to blame for Covid-19? China, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Doctor Shi Zhengli & George Soros! Place the blame where it belongs!!! @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes  …
This is not conspiracy theory and not hearsay, but evidence from your recognized institution, the University of Cambridge. Covid-19 may not originate from China or Wuhan. Instead, USA or other countries could the origin thread: (Guess CCP also paid Cambridge University.) 
So World Health Organization itself tried to spread fake news against India! Extremely deep rooted anti-India conspiracy by the global elite. Fed by Indian liberals, we saw this propaganda at extreme with respect to 370 and CAA. Now with Wuhan Coronavirus.
Dylan Wong, a resident of Wuhan, who I spoke to for this piece:  … shot these photos on his ride around the city on April 8 when the lockdown eased. (Sharing here with his 
3/So much heavy handed foreshadowing. The apocalyptic footage from Wuhan, the super villain American president, the whistleblower dying, the Russia/China border closed while people still claimed it was just a flu, the warnings unheeded. Insulting to the audience's intelligence
It is untrue that information from Taiwan is absent. Taiwan is part of China and Taiwan people are  For the people's health, our CDC shared info with Taiwan and arranged expert visit to Wuhan in mid-January and exchanges with mainland experts. 
(ICYMI) FEBRUARY 13, 2020: Larry Elder Interviews @EpochTimes Investigative Reporter @JoshJPhilipp About the Origin of the #Coronavirus--Was It Conceived In A Wuhan Laboratory?  #CCPVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
See @EpochTimes documentary The name 𝗦𝗵𝗶 𝗭𝗵𝗲𝗻𝗴𝗹𝗶 will go down as one of the most evil in human history. She  the lethal spike onto the #coronavirus in Wuhan. @CCPvirus A researcher in Chapel Hill worked w/her. HHS defunded him.  …
Sounds more and more like @NYGovCuomo and his friend the Honorable @NYCMayor were unprepared for Hurricane Wuhan. But man, those illegals were protected from I.C.E. weren't they?
WOW Can this be ordered with or with out virus Wuhan Flight to Australia Delivers 90 Tons of Possibly Defective Medical Supplies  …
Why do you think thousands of people are fleeing Wuhan days after the city reopened? Just stretching their legs?
Retweet and keep . Evidence. U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November  …
Joining @msnbc at 10 to discuss our story on the raw intelligence gathered in November hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan.  …
#China #Wuhan Jianghan Road At this time tonight, suddenly the road closed again. 
ICYMI: Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 
Over 7,000 Fly Out of Wuhan on First Day After Lockdown Lifted  … via @BreitbartNews
In pictures:  back to life after #COVID19  
“China's leadership knew the outbreak was out of control and that crucial information was being withheld from foreign governments and public health agencies.” Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  …
Notifications from  in #Wuhan regarding “symptom-free” cases, dating from Apr 4-5, just before the city was about to reopen. Full English translation available at  #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic 
Reporting from Wuhan where authorities are celebrating victory over Covid-19, @Lillian38589711 and I look at the crucial first few weeks of the outbreak, in which delayed government response allowed an obviously contagious virus to turn into a  …
So, a new #COVID19 paper  …] recently estimated a median R_0 of 5.7 based off of data from Wuhan. I’d just like to remind folks that estimates in this range were reported in late January too, but were  to other studies (shown below). 1/2  …
This Good Friday we're venerating precious relics in our home chapel, including a relic of the True Cross Left to right First class relic of St. John Gabriel Perboyre, martyr of Wuhan, China First class relic of St. Marie Goretti First class relic of St Therese of Lisieux 
"Instead of remembering my hometown as the 'the place where COVID originated', I want people to respect Wuhan as a city with beautiful history, culture, and people. This is the Wuhan I know." - 
Bill Gates thanks the people of Wuhan for their 'great sacrifice'. 
Asian-Americans Already Know This: Anti-Asian racism surged as coronavirus spread, fed by online trolls pushing conspiracy theories. Remember tRump calling it the “Chinese virus”? Remember Pompeo calling it “Wuhan flu”? They fanned the hate.  …
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson was discharged from the intensive care unit Thursday but remains at St. Thomas’ Hospital in central London battling the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Nearly  in #Wuhan locked again after the city reopened on Apr 8. Some doctors warned that the situation is still bad, and people should try not to go out. More :  #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Shi Zhengli and the Wuhan Institute of Virology Connected to Coronavirus EXPERIMENTED WITH LIVE ANIMALS ...And We Have Proof!  …
Friends, I regret to inform you that your governments and media are trying to prevent you from realizing that AMERICA HAS BEEN ATTACKED by Chinese dictator Xi Jinping He KNEW of the Dec Wuhan epidemic He HID it, arrested doctors, censored press, silenced WHO 
Authorities in Wuhan have consistently underreported CCP virus infections and deaths, based on internal government documents The Epoch Times received.  …
Dozens of small shop owners protested outside one of Wuhan’s biggest shopping malls to demand a cut in rent, in one of the first signs of unrest since authorities lifted a lockdown at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Birth of a pandemic: inside the first weeks of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan  …
#China is blocking the #UNSecurityCouncil, refusing the mention of  from China ! Where is #Wuhan then ? Why to lye? Has #China something enormous to hide regarding the origin of the pandemic apart the fact that it has delayed the information for at least 1 month 
Concerns over fudging data after Kolkata Municipal Corporation lists 10 deaths due to Wuhan Coronavirus while state govt records only 5  …
Dec. 31, 2019: China reports the novel coronavirus to the World Health Organization. Jan. 6: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a travel notice for Wuhan, China. Jan. 15: The first U.S. case is confirmed, in a man who traveled from Wuhan.
We didn't know..its all the WHO's fault ...right??? U.S. spy agencies collected raw intel hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November #MAGA is a vile filthy plague of lies and  …
HUGE! MN Senator and Doctor: Hospitals Get Paid More to List Patients as COVID-19 and Three Times as Much if the Patient Goes on Ventilator (VIDEO)  … What REALLY happened in Wuhan? How much does Dr. Birx hubby know concerning foreign travels of @BillClinton
WHO Admits Error: WHO is 'Wuhan Handled Organisation' and World Harmful Organisation...
Chinese writer faces online backlash over Wuhan lockdown diary  …
Live: Chinese doctors in Wuhan share their experience with medics overseas #COVID19Frontline #COVID19  …
The Wildly Inaccurate Models That Fueled the Wuhan Virus Crisis Must Be Investigated and People Must Be Held Accountable  …
NBC and CNN with multiple independent sources have now backed up ABC’s reporting that there is raw US intel spotting the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, all the way back in November, despite official denials.  …
FFS. This TOSSER Pete Evans is claiming a $15,000 'bio charger' can treat 'Wuhan #coronavirus' - he should be freakin gaoled. NOW. ⁦ @YouTube⁩ ⁦⁦ @TwitterSupport⁩ ⁦ @instagram⁩ ⁦⁦ @abcnews⁩ ⁦ @SBSNews⁩ ⁦  …
The medical intelligence cell within Canadian Forces Intelligence Command began producing detailed warnings about the emergence of the deadly novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China in early January, CBC News has learned.  @Murray_Brewster
Everyone knows that the Chinese virus started in Wuhan China. And this man is asking the Nigerian ambassador to China if he is sure. Why quarantine Africans when we don't even have as much cases of the virus in Africa. They didn't quarantine Italians. 
“From the outset of the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic the World Health Organization has carried water for Communist China, resulting in faulty data, incorrect health  and ultimately the death of many Americans." -  …
The difficulty of grieving during a pandemic: in Wuhan, China you can’t do it on your terms. The state wants to minimize more infections; families want privacy. We profiled one man fighting to bury his father.  …
Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  … 
Cambridge study suggested Covid 19 mutation A was brought to Wuhan by Americans, where it mutated to type B and spread within Asia. Europe has mutation C (from B) Question: Where did mutation  from?  …
Good news ! On April 9, 2020, the last general ward area of #Leishenshan Hospital, a makeshift medical facility dedicated to treating novel #coronavirus pneumonia patients in #Wuhan, was officially closed. 
Don’t think I forgot about Muslim twitter talking nonsense about how rona was punishment from Allah to the Chinese. Now look, we’re all impacted and Wuhan are now out of lockdown
Boris Johnson is out of intensive care and his spokesman said he is in “extremely good spirits” as the former epicenter of coronavirus, Wuhan, China, tries to return to normal. @JamesAALongman has the latest.  
China's Wuhan to keep testing residents as coronavirus lockdown eases  by @brendagoh_ Follow the latest news on the coronavirus with our live blog:  
 back to life as #Wuhan lifts #lockdown 
Concerns over fudging data after Kolkata Municipal Corporation lists 10 deaths due to Wuhan Coronavirus while state govt records only 5  …
We’ve spent trillions of dollars on Hurricane Wuhan, the storm that never made landfall. Sofa king weak. Chinese and Russian military planners have a whole new military strategy against America now.
I would rather chew gum plucked from the mouth of a still twitching pangolin in the Wuhan laboratory for experimental death.  …
Drones formed shapes of medical frontliners in the sky in a display to celebrate Wuhan's lockdown ending 
US officials knew of Wuhan health crisis in November, a second report claims  …
At a very still but stunning Westminster, waiting to go live for ⁦ @GMA⁩ on the latest out of China, where Wuhan has  out of lockdown after 11 weeks 
 … If we don't get our nation back online, the Wuhan Virus will be the LEAST of our worries! CURRENT STATUS •24 TRILLION deficit •5 TRILLION being added •Nation bringing in 20% of normal  •Congress STILL playing partisan politics #RayJPolitics
Dear World Leaders, We'd like to invite you  down to our facility so together we can solve the mystery of how this virus started by eating Bat Soup. Sincerely, W.H.O. Level 4 Bio Lab in Wuhan, China P.S. You can't miss us, we're located right next to the Bat Soup Vendor
Leaked Documents From District Authorities in #Wuhan Reveal Scale of Virus Data Coverup  … via @epochtimes #China #COVID19Coverup #COVID19Pandemic #CCPVirus #CoronaVirus
TV deal threats, Celtic wanting to be handed titles that they didn’t win over 38 games and Rod McKenzie being Rod McKenzie. Seeing as the time machine took us back to 2012, can it stop off in Wuhan in November 2019 and land on the guy who was on his way to eat a bat kebab?
The COVID 19 Virus came from Wuhan, Wuhan is in China China is a Country - not a Race Please Retweet to avoid confusion #credlin #pmlive #outsiders  …
China Lied, People Died: @MikePillsbury says the Chinese are terrified of worldwide discussions suggesting that the Wuhan Virus may be man-made or be a biological weapon. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 #Dobbs 
USA calls for an analysis of the ‘origins’ of the Wuhan Coronavirus in UNSC meet, China says nobody should be made ‘scapegoat’ Here are the details  …
Did coronavirus leak from a research lab in Wuhan? Startling new theory is 'no longer being discounted' amid claims staff 'got infected after being sprayed with blood' Why did Twitter ban Zero Hedge for saying this first?  …
#FactsTell A video has circulated on twitter showing a man collapsed outside a Huawei store in Wuhan on reopening day. What on earth happened to him? CGTN visited the store to find out. 
people in Wuhan have only just been let out of lock down 2 & 1/2 months after it got peak there.... and the UK are asking for an exit strategy when our death toll is more then double and we’re only a few weeks in... ...  cause we’ll be here a while
Tens of Thousands Leave After Wuhan Lifts #Quarantine  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CCPVirus #CoronaVirus #COVID19Pandemic
Wuhan Virus or Chinese Communist Virus? Did CCP infiltrate WHO to manipulate the health disaster?  … via @eOrganiser
One counsellor heard hundreds of calls from people under lockdown in Wuhan. This is what they told her  From @1843mag
Nature, one of the world's top scientific journals, issued an editorial on Tuesday apologizing for associating the novel coronavirus with Wuhan and China in its news coverage.  
Right now there are Daily Mail reporters in Wuhan, trying to get an interview with the bat that started all this.
Why are Africans being denied access to hotels, apartments, supermarkets, public transport etc in China, even after quarantine? Why is the Chinese govt claiming it's being done to prevent the spread of #COVIDー19? Seriously? A virus that had it's Origin in Wuhan, China?
Canadian military intelligence unit issued warning about Wuhan outbreak back in January  
Cities in China like Beijing are requiring #coronavirus test results from people before they leave Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. @sharonchenhm takes us through the #COVIDー19 testing 
The reopening of #Wuhan is milestone of human beings to fight #COVID19, clearly reflects that together we can win. This is a hard gaining celebration with huge sacrifices and an example of unity, join efforts, concentration and putting saving lives and people 
This is how Doctors worked in #China 21 days straight hospital work and stay.. Then 14 days quarantine.. Then they were allowed to go home.. #Wuhan  …
As Wuhan's highways opened up for the first time in 76 days, it offered a glimmer of hope to billions chafing under lockdown. So how long will the global lockdowns last?  
Anyone who paid attention and watched the footage of streets & buildings being sprayed and fumigated in Wuhan pretty much knew this back in January *sigh*  …
USA calls for an analysis of the ‘origins’ of the Wuhan Coronavirus in UNSC meet, China says nobody should be made ‘scapegoat’ Here are the details  …
SHUT THE FUCK UP LOW RENT DOG MEAT. I would eat a Wuhan bat before Steak-umms.  …
This is why Chinese officials refused to let U.S. officials into Wuhan, China, and why they incinerated the bodies of the dead. This is not a game. The one person I know of WHO did go to Wuhan was that third rate, two bit criminal, Tedros from WHO. Need to look at qmap. 5.gee. 
Life and Crimes of Tablighi Jamaat amidst Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic: All You Need To Know No amount of whitewashing can exonerate the Jamaatis. Tht they have  super-spreaders is not something that happened in a vacuum  report:  …
21.) Branding COVID-19 the “Chinese virus” or “Wuhan virus” in a disgraceful attempt at racist scapegoating that not only does nothing to help  the crisis, it has made Asian-Americans the targets of increasing levels of discrimination, prejudice, and hate crimes.
Modern day slavery and racism can't be tolerated! We paid the price long time go! Chinese can't keep on being brutes! All Chinese nationals all over Africa should by now be on their way to Wuhan and Shanghai China. Why take our kindness for weakness?? #DeportRacistChinese
China's Wuhan to keep testing residents as coronavirus lockdown eases  by @brendagoh_ Follow our live blog for the latest updates on the coronavirus:  
. @BillGates: I thank the people of #Wuhan for their sacrifices "It's always the hardest to be the country where something emerges first, because so little is known about it," said Gates, who now serves as the co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation 
Thank you, and  back! A firework show was held in Liuyang, C China's Hunan, to  the return of medical workers sent to help Wuhan in its battle against 
More signs of Wuhan loosening: today more and more small shops were open (though only doing takeaway) and vendors began selling goods directly on the street, from the back of their cars. Here’s one selling tofu: 
The World is crumbling simple because Some Jet Li and Jackie Chan somewhere in Wuhan, China decided to make soup out of a Bat! #ChinaMustExplain
One Australian journalist was in #Wuhan the entire time:  …
Small shop owners protest outside one of Wuhan’s biggest malls to demand a cut in rent, in one of the first signs of unrest since authorities lifted lockdown.  …
So GoK sent sh.10M to Wuhan,China to be distributed equally to All 86 students.Instead of giving each student Ksh.116279 Sarah Serem bado alidhania Ako SRC,akapunguza to Ksh.14000 per student. #BringKenyansInChinaHome #ChinaMustExplain 
Wuhan Rent Protest Shows Unrest Brewing in China After Lockdown / and many landlords of  space have issued dollar debt offshore  …
#ThisAttackComesFromTaiwan #ThisAttackComeFromTaiwan #covid19 #covid_19 #wuhan #coronavid19 #coronavairus #who #CHO #Taiwan #Tedros Photo by 
Wuhan is starting to ease back into normal life. Travel restrictions have been lifted, allowing health workers and thousands of citizens to finally return to their homes. 
China's Wuhan lifts #coronavirus lockdown — in pictures  
I saw wuhan security tapes showing people falling ill in the street in December. Stop covering up his failures.
China's Wuhan to keep testing residents as coronavirus lockdown eases  
I'm not going to link to it, but this SCMP trash about "China buying time for the world" needs to stop. China locked down Wuhan to protect China, full stop. Any global benefit was a nice-to-have.
Logic tells you that you can't have one person eat that soup and then it goes to 150 countries overnight give me a break. This was a weaponized release it was done on the uniforms that came from Milan and the uniforms were worn by athletes at the Wuhan military games.
First paragraph from this Wall Street Journal report: China has had this specific coronavirus in its Wuhan lab for *7-years*  …
Chinese are evicting Africans and telling them to return to their countries. Accusing them that they are the reason behind the spread of covid 19. #ChinaMustExplain why the #ChineseVirus didn't go past Wuhan the epicenter and stop blame game. 
#freechina in #Wuhan. They are the brave souls, probably will be ‘erased’ in a few days. #COVIDー19  …
Conversation every governor should’ve had about the Wuhan virus: Epidemiologist: “We need to close the schools and all businesses for months until we eradicate the virus.” Governor: “No. What is your second best plan?”
1st documentary movie on the origin of CCP virus, Tracking Down the Origin of Wuhan Coronavirus -  [She Zhengli woman, Genetic engineering of COVID-19]
SOROS FOUNDATION OWNS WUXI PHARMACEUTICAL CORP IN WUHAN CHECK HERE  … 
 … 2 out of 3 doctors say they would take hydroxychloroquine for Wuhan Virus
Great job, but you forgot one person: Huang Yan Ling, researcher from Wuhan Institute of Virology. AKA Patient zero. 
The Chinese in Kenya should be deported asap and the houses they're residing in be given to Kenyans in the streets of Wuhan. How did someone even end up eating a bat!! A clean lie I accepted to believe. #ChinaMustExplain
Illegal Aliens are Begging to be Released From Detention Centers as Wuhan Virus Spreads  
Zeng Guang, chief epidemiologist of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said if the pandemic overseas cannot be controlled, there are two possibilities: #COVID19 could have originated from a place other than #Wuhan or foreign countries lack effective measures. 
lisabar dedicated their time and effort to lisa’s birthday and donated resources to wuhan hospitals and they still managed to take the lead  funds...
Inside the mysterious Wuhan virus lab: Rare pictures show scientists dressed like astronauts 
8. I’d then like to speak with Xie Linka who worked at Wuhan Union Hospital. She joined other Wuhan health officials in trying to sound the alarm on Covid before being berated and forced into silence  officials. Can I speak with her?  …
Wuhan wakes up from #COVID19 nightmare to start 
I’m starting to get pissed off, rather   with solemn-sounding narrators hinting about Wuhan Coronavirus while not directly addressing it and being all like, “We’ll all get through this.”
. @BillGates expressed his gratitude to people of #Wuhan for sacrifices made during the fight against #COVID19.  China for significantly reducing the number of infections and being transparent in new cases and their 
GoK sent sh.10M to Wuhan,China to be distributed equally to All 86 students. But Sara Serem, Kenya embassy, only sent sh14000 to each student. 
I'll tell you why, and how: The CPC knew it had an epidemic on its hands in Wuhan in December. International flights out of Wuhan weren't shut down until 23 January.
China Must Explain How Coronavirus could reach Africa without getting to Beijing and Shanghai China Must Explain how they can blame Africans for infecting them with Coronavirus when the virus originated from Wuhan,China China Must Explain why they eat Bats. #ChinaMustExplain
The official death toll in Wuhan is a little over 2,500. But "one local crematorium in the city was operating for 19 hours a day and in just two days, 5,000 urns were delivered to the establishment....As many as 42,000 could have died in the city."  
A few weeks ago, China  about how its citizens were being stigmatized because of COVID19... well, there you have it. This is why the virus should have been named Wuhan Virus so the rest of the world remembers considering just how racist China is. Gross!  …
I am told the three theories were 1.Someone planted it near the labs in Wuhan purposely. 2. It was accidentally released but a worker who got infected by mishandling an animal or bat that had been studied. 3. It was purposely released. As of this moment the strong belief is #2.
100 Days That Changed The World: On Dec 31, China announced it had detected a “pneumonia of unknown cause” in Wuhan It was the first time the world got notice of what was about to hit 100 days later, #coronavirus has spread to almost every  …
#ChinaMustExplain Why five countries who got test kits from them are sending them back because they were all infected with Chinese Wuhan virus  …
scenes in his MV were illustrations of wuhan 
#ChinaMustExplain Why they lied about the Chinese Wuhan Virus. Three world studies show that if China told the truth just three weeks earlier 95% of the deaths could have been avoided.  …
A Story the Curtains Try to Tell These curtains in #Wuhan have been dancing in the wind from last winter to this spring. They've seen the snow, the melting of snow, the trees turning green, the flowers blossoming, the city locked down and then reopening...But still, the... 
2. Next, I’d like to speak with Chen Qiushi and Fang Bin - two video bloggers that tried to bring the world a glimpse of Wuhan unfiltered by your Communist regime. Could you un-disappear them so we could speak?  …
The woman from Wuhan Institute of Virology who even stated in her February 2020 research that Hydroxylchloroquine #HCQ was effective in blocking spread of SARS CoV 2 - 2019 in Human Body  …
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
Escape from #Wuhan: 55,000 People Flee; #secondwave Of Outbreaks?. "people in Wuhan told us they’re leaving the city ASAP, because they’re afraid that the #Chinese regime will #lockdown the city again..." #CCPVirus Watch full video:  
Why would anyone want to hurt Bitlord, the man who singlehandedly tried to save cryptotwitter from COVID by warning us straight from China the day Wuhan closed down
Great! First, I would like to speak with Dr. AI Fen. She worked at Wuhan Central Hospital and tried to sound the alarm on the virus. Could you un-disappear her so we could speak?   …
Independent Chinese journalist Chen Quishi disappeared on February 6 after traveling to Wuhan to report on the coronavirus. Beijing didn't want honest reporting, especially given its disastrous censorship of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us in December. Where is Chen? 
Report: Wuhan Funeral Homes Burned Coronavirus Victims Alive 
Didn’t test or isolate Wuhan flights in January, supported going to the footy/hillsong etc, Qld voted, USA flights unlimited or not tested when it was obviously the biggest source and then of course we have the Ruby Princess. Marks for finally acting appropriately.
The Wildly Inaccurate Models That Fueled the Wuhan Virus Crisis Must Be Investigated and People Must Be Held Accountable  …
The question is where did the overlap occur between Gates and the ChiComs ... because it escaped in Wuhan ... nothing happens in Wuhan without the ChiComs knowing about it ?!?  …
Sky News host Peta Credlin says it is "unacceptable" that the crew of a plane from coronavirus epicentre Wuhan were allowed into Sydney. Coronavirus Australia live updates: Police launch Easter long weekend crackdown  …
#Coronavirus spread in Wuhan started earlier than China reported: Research  …
U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November  …
We saw videos like this out of Wuhan and couldn't believe they were real. And now it's here. No funerals, no one with them when they die. A painful death. What a cruel virus this is.
Why on earth doesn’t someone ask Dr Death Gates on TV precisely which virus patents he owns, why did he patent them,when did he patent them, and does he own a biotech lab in Wuhan, and if so, since when, and why ? - just so it’s on the record forever ...  …
It’s a relief to be a step closer to rejoining family and friends. Right now, though, I feel sad to leave Wuhan, and gratitude for the many people who helped there — colleagues, the staff at my hotel, strangers who stopped to tell their stories, new friends now friends for life. 
Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic will cause a much bigger wave of protectionism, says trade expert - Great! No country should trust China again after it infected the whole world with deadly virus then sold them faulty/contaminated medical supplies.  …
If China’s leaders hadn’t  embarrassed by the outbreak and tried to cover up its spread, the world may have had a better chance to prepare for this or even contain it in Wuhan or #China. #MakeChinaPay via  …
Goodbye for now Wuhan. I’m leaving after 78 days. It’s been an unforgettable privilege. I haven’t been able to report or say much since my visa expired mid. Feb, but I leave with profound memories and friendships. I’ll be in quarantine in Beijing while my next steps are decided. 
Although the Chinese government says the Wuhan coronavirus virus is over, myself.... and lots of Chinese... obviously do not. Could a second wave of infections bring out a new and even more virulent strain??  …
Happy Easter from New Zealand’s Wuhan. 
How would Trump get a briefing on the Wuhan virus from China in November, if the Chinese didn’t even identify the damn virus until the first week of December? These are nothing more than propaganda mouthpieces for the enemies of America. #Bongino 
Today in WuHan A man fell ....  …
#Walmart is investing $425,000,000 in #Wuhan #China & @Starbucks $100,000,000 in Shanghai - to help local economies! How about helping Americans?! #BoycottStarbucks #BoycottWalmart @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump 
Walmart Says It Will Invest $425 Million to Expand Presence in Wuhan over the Next Five Years | ⁦ @Walmart⁩ can move to China! Americans are done with their garbage they sell here in America   …
Newborn baby' cry is a signal of a new era for #Wuhan Meet the first baby born in #Wuhan three minutes after the city 76-day-lockdown ended 
Covid-19: A French study came to the conclusion that the lethality of Covid19 does not differ significantly from known coronaviruses studied in a hospital. Study published in Nature Medicine has a similar conclusion even for the Chinese city of Wuhan. 
Let's start with #COVID19. Does #COVID19 causes cardiac effects? The answer is yes from 2 published surveys from Wuhan hospitals. First one reports on 416 hospitalized patients -> 19.7% with myocardial injury + cardiac troponin & high mortality rate 51%  
US spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November, according to 2 current and 1 former US official, but the information was not understood as the first warning signs of an impending global pandemic. 
The Wildly Inaccurate Models That Fueled the Wuhan Virus Crisis Must Be Investigated and People Must Be Held Accountable  …
Walmart just announced that they will invest 500M in Wuhan, the Q is:should American stop buying stuffs in Walmart that are made In China?
STARBUCKS... is opening up a brewing plant in guess where???? If you guessed WUHAN...you are correct. The next time you want to pay for over-priced coffee that is opening up stores and plants in CHINA... don't go into STARBUCKS.
LOL Walmart is taking the insane coronavirus profits and investing it in Wuhan, China of all places!!!  …
Bat's are the cover story about the real truth that Bill Gates made the virus in China in WUHAN bio lab then China released it to stop Hong Kong protest and tank the world economy thus killing people thousand all around the world with help of WHO world health organization 
Effect of asymptomatic #COVID19 in elective surgery patients is unknown. Small series from Wuhan suggests potentially devastating consequences. 2 of 3 patients undergoing lobectomy died. Early stage lung cancer patients should be careful and be tested.  …
The major hotspots for the spread of the Wuhan Coronavirus in Lucknow, the capital of Uttar Pradesh, are areas where Tablighi Jamaat members stayed in, Uttar Pradesh Police said on Thursday 
New paper out in @CDC_EIDjournal looking at #COVID19 outbreak dynamics in Wuhan: Early doubling time 2.3-3.3d Median R0 5.7 Incubation 4.2d (3.5-5.1) Sx onset to hospital 5.5d (<Jan 18), 1.5d (>Jan 18) Admit to d/c 11.5d, to death 11.2d Sx onset to death 16.1d 
尋日 #大陸 抵港 #訪客 ￼￼￼105 人 #CNN: //A day after restrictions were lifted in #Wuhan — #ground #zero of the #virus — fears of a second wave are growing: China's President Xi Jinping has warned of "new difficulties and challenges" in the fight to prevent a resurgence. 
White House warns that Voice of America is lying when it says the Wuhan virus is over in China. No, the virus is still deadly. VOA, however, is more interested in anti-American propaganda than truth. It always has been. 
My piece gets into some of the public health measures that Wuhan took, like the centralized quarantine system it implemented on February 1st, ten days after the city locked down. These are the measures that contained the virus, but are still mostly absent in the rest of world. 
President Maduro praises China's international solidarity: "Its admirable what China has done. China not only fought [the virus] in Wuhan but also in Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany where we see on television planes arriving from China bringing cargos of medical supplies."  …
Locals in Wuhan, where the Chinese coronavirus pandemic originated, have heard  from funeral home furnaces, and some treated in hospitals say they saw workers put living coronavirus patients in body bags 
I’m having a Wuhan cocktail tonight...on ice! 
“What is interesting about this whole epidemic is that we are so similar. In the beginning it’s denial...then, every time you thought someone was exaggerating, it all turned out to be true.” Lydia Chen, a New Yorker from Wuhan, talks to  …
Media running cover for China isn't working. New Harris poll shows 77% of Americans blame China for Wuhan virus. That includes 90% of Republicans, 75% of Independents, and 67% of Democrats. . . Notice how it's always the Democrats who understand things the least?
As far back as late November, U.S. intelligence officials warned a contagion was sweeping through China’s Wuhan region, changing patterns of life and business and posing a threat to the population, sources briefed on the secret reporting tell 
2 adorable penguins visited #Wuhan's landmark -- Yellow Crane Tower-- as a good omen to reboot the city after the monthslong #lockdown ended on 
Many experts believe the Wuhan Virus was developed as a biological weapon.  …
One Wuhan man go chew ein bat wey now Mahama dey suffer
NEW: U.S. spy agencies collected raw intel hinting at public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in November  …
I await this miserable SOB leading by example and making a personal visit to Wuhan to "prove" that the ChiComs "extreme intervention" was successful. Until then, he can STFU.  …
CNN Discovers There's A Price for Not Airing Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Pressers  …
Grief is everywhere in Wuhan. Just when things feel better, Lydia Chen told ⁦ @emilyrauhala⁩, sorrow steps in and “hits you in the face.”  …
This from a friend - Something is Fishy: Coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China and has reached every corner of the world but the virus didn’t reach China’s Capital, Beijing, and it’s economic center Shanghai, located close to Wuhan.
Italy sold their leather and textile industry to Chinese investors and they imported over 100,000 workers, many from the Wuhan province.  …
Rather a 2 week all inclusive in Wuhan than ever have to go back to there  …
To document it, just like people in China and Wuhan did. To show it's real.
Inside the mysterious Wuhan virus lab: Rare photos show scientists dressed like astronauts 
Fools in the US try to blame China for their epidemic, when China locked down Wuhan and shared the virus genome data back in january. We know now that the virus came to New York from Europe and that US troops are spreading it in the US and around the world.
Harvard Professor was receiving money for information to be given to Wuhan University. Chinese Nationalist from Harvard caught with 21 vial of Biological material.  …
China Lied, People Died: @MikePillsbury says the Chinese are terrified of worldwide discussions suggesting that the Wuhan Virus may be man-made or be a biological weapon. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
From Politico (your own outlet) on February 5th. "The Trump administration's aggressive response to the Wuhan coronavirus is raising fresh worries about U.S. relations with China." Just a few days after Biden criticized the Trump travel restrictions as "hysterical xenophobia."  
LOOK AT THEIR ADDRESS IN WUHAN. 666. 
Crime of the Century: @BillHagertyTN calls China’s cover-up of the Wuhan Virus the greatest in human history, saying it will ultimately cost millions of American jobs & thousands of lives. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
1st documentary movie on the origin of the CCP virus, Tracking down the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  #CrossRoads with @JoshJPhilipp 
Government of Kenya released Ksh.10M for the 86 Kenyan in Wuhan. They were only given Ksh. 14,000 each from January to date. 86X14000= 1,204,000 10,000,000 -1,204,000 = 8,796,000 I want to ask ambassador Sarah Serem. Kwani 8,796,000 ilikuwa ya kutoa? 
Senate Democrats, beginning with Nancy Pelosi has blocked $250B in aid for small businesses, touting for illegal, prisoners get a pay check and sanctuary cities are funded. None of these are a business, just more handouts while 70M people are out of work due to Wuhan Coronavirus
Watch the @EpochTimes' incredible new documentary on the origins of the Chinese Wuhan #Coronavirus, right  …
Chance of dying <1yr from all causes for men: Age 20: 0.12% Age 30: 0.18% Age 40: 0.24% Age 50: 0.50% Age 60: 1.15% Age 70: 2.31% Age 80: 5.77% Age 90: 16.37% Germany's "Wuhan" if infected with COVID: 0.37%? Denmark per SSI? <0.4% #endthelockdown  …
You’ve just received your $250K/yr offer from an org in Wuhan. When are you resuming?
New @CDCgov estimates the R0 from Wuhan at ~5.7 and the epidemic doubling time at ~2-3 days; these est are much higher than the early ones in @NEJM. The more data I’m seeing, the more it seems the Wuhan outbreak of #covid19 was much worse than we  …
Woman ordered 76 types of breakfast in one go on the first day of ‘unlocked’ Wuhan to make up for the meals she missed during coronavirus quarantine 
Politico Pulse, February 5: "The Trump administration's aggressive response to the Wuhan coronavirus is raising fresh worries about U.S. relations with China" 
The Kenyan Ambassador to China literally offered prayers to Kenyan students in Wuhan when they asked to be evacuated. The Kenyan Embassy also refused to offer any assistance to Kenyans after the recent racially motivated attacks and they slept outside the embassy for 2 days.  …
Never forget Li Wenliang, the doctor who died after being reprimanded by #China but lets also not forget the others #Wuhan and #Covid_19 whistleblowers like Chen Qiushi, Fang Bin,... who disappeared without traces and from whom we have no news... #CCPChina has to be 
It is only fair that all Chinese nationals leave the country with immediate effect. How do you blame Africans for a virus you manufactured in a Wuhan laboratory? Go back home. Hata madeni hatutalipa ~Moses Kuria~ 
Independent Chinese journalist Chen Quishi disappeared on February 6 after traveling to Wuhan to report on the coronavirus. Beijing didn't want honest reporting, especially given its disastrous censorship of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us in December. Where is Chen? 
Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first 
22 Jan 2020: WHO mission to #China issues a statement saying there is evidence of human-to-human transmission in Wuhan but more investigation is needed to understand the full extent of transmission. #COVID19  …
I believe Californians had Wuhan Virus early on, before the big pandemic. My friends tell me everyone was sick as Hell in January, early Feb. Makes sense with huge Chinese population.  …
Rare pictures show scientists studying extremely dangerous pathogens in Wuhan virus lab | Daily Mail Online  …
4 Jan 2020: WHO reports on social media a cluster of pneumonia cases – with no deaths – in Wuhan, Hubei province, . #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
31 Dec 2019: #China reported a cluster of cases of pneumonia in Wuhan, Hubei Province. 1 Jan 2020: WHO activates an Incident Management Support Team at HQ, regional & country level, putting the organization on an emergency footing for dealing with the outbreak. #COVID19
Covid-19 was first reported late last year in Wuhan, China. Patient zero was a Chinese. Why are they mistreating blacks in China claiming that the blacks are the source of Covid-19? #ChinaMustExplain #BringKenyansInChinaHome
Hey @globalnews , you've reported YOURSELF, that Wuhan and China is back to normal. A FLIGHT from Wuhan is landing today in Canada even. How can that be if for CANADA the only solution is a vaccine when CHINA did not administer one?  …
Remarkable, thorough study by Prof Hendrik Streeck in the "Wuhan" of Germany: case fatality rate (CFR) of 0.37 per cent. "the reason why...is that a particularly large number of people were tested there" #endthelockdown #CFR  …
新世相 made this series "Out of Wuhan" ft. 13 ppl who were leaving Wuhan the first day after travel ban lifted the guy who's going to reunite with his girlfriend in Hanchuan the guy who broke up with his girlfriend during the lockdown and is going to give his mom a hug in Henan 
Broke: COVID19 was spread from Wuhan wetmarket Woke: COVID19 was spread in Hubei province by US Army Bespoke: Archaeologists in Hubei province unwittingly released COVID19 by disturbing a cursed tomb from Spring & Autumn Period:  …
But Ezra, haven't you heard? There is no new infections in Wuhan!  …
Hello folks! Another week under the dome, and another weekend poll. Where do you think Covid-19 came from? A - a wet market in Wuhan B - a lab (accidentally released) C - a lab (intentionally released) D - other (share  Please retweet!
This lunacy was quickly picked up by the Chinese Communist Party and by the left-wing media in the United States, who claimed it was “racist” to refer to the origins of the virus, despite those same outlets calling it the “Wuhan Virus” earlier this year.
The Wuhan Virus pandemic is just the latest in a long line of embarrassing failures by the @WHO. In February, the @WHO lectured the world on its preferred name for the Wuhan Virus, instead using ‘COVID-19’ to intentionally obscure the origins of the virus.
A scientist from the Wuhan center of disease in control was out collecting samples from bats. 
Very exciting! With Trudeau's approval, you can now fly from Wuhan to Canada. No temperature taken when you land, no Chinese-language border services agents in Toronto to suggest you quarantine.  on in -- like always. But Canadian citizens remain under house arrest. 
Representative Liz Cheney (R., Wyo.) slammed the World Health Organization’s director general Tedros Adhanom for being “a puppet of the Chinese Communist Party” over the organization’s response to the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic.  …
8th Apr 2020 place: #wuhan Sad view of #WuhanVirus's victim, Surrounded by well equipped ppl in white #PPE. probably, wasn't visible to world in d light of fireworks celebration of all-is-well @LibertarianBlue @ChinaDaily @XHNews   …
Given his history Mark Wahlberg has most definitely fantasized about gunning down everyone in Wuhan by this point  …
The @WHO is broken and corrupt. Its response to the Wuhan Virus pandemic was a failure of historic proportions. That's why the third plank of my "Betting on America" plan is: Stop Funding a Corrupt World Health Organization.  
Chinese ventilator makers desperate for parts as global demand for machines hits 1 million Release the deadly Wuhan virus, the. Wait to profit from the people u infected. This is China’s business tragedy.  …
We must stop racism. Chinese are treated like Kings in Kenya while Kenyans are sleeping on the streets. ~ China hid reports of the virus for weeks. ~ China destroyed test samples of patients. Wuhan is the source of Coronavirus and not Africa. #FvckChina #BringKenyansInChinaHome
Fauci was asked if Wuhan virus will die off in warmer weather Fauci:"You must assume the virus will continue to do its thing" We all assume Fauci and the deepstate Dems will continue to 'do their thing' @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
China Unleashes a Virus to the whole world and later blame Africans for it. This is unacceptable and we won't take it anymore. Wuhan is the source of Coronavirus and not Africa. #FvckChina #BringKenyansInChinaHome
Why did Ai Fen, head of the ER at the Wuhan Central Hospital, go missing shortly after blowing the whistle on the Chinese Communist Party's attempt to keep Covid-19 quiet? @JackPosobiec joins to discuss his expertise on the CCP. Full Clip Here:  
Seventy-six days later: Tentative signs of normal life are returning to Wuhan  
#ThursdayWisdom If my models were off as much as the ones we got for the Chinese Wuhan Virus, I'd be a climate change scientist.
China and the WHO lied about human to human transmission, China shut down Wuhan to the rest of China but not the rest of the world, China pressured other countries to keep their borders open. CHINA MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE!!! #chinaisasshole #中国是屁眼 
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. 
#Gravitas | At a time when the world is fighting the Wuhan Coronavirus, WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus is fighting Taiwan. @palkisu tells you 
#Gravitas | Foreigners are being targeted in China amid the fears surrounding the Wuhan Coronavirus.  has gone to the extent of labeling foreigners as 'trash'. @palkisu gets you a report on the rising 
We know the coronavirus came from Wuhan & we know that since it emerged, the Chinese gov has been anything but truthful about it. Thanks to @RepJimBanks for leading the charge w/ this res to condemn these actions – it’s time for accountability & the  …
Exposing the  origin of the Wuhan virus: @EzraLevant talks to @JoshJPhilipp about the NEW documentary from @EpochTimes that everyone is talking about. WATCH:  #coronavirus #cdnpoli #tcot cc 
Wuhan was on lockdown +90days. Italy's lockdown has been extended until 31 July. Y'all better be ready for another extension. There will be another one, probably until the end of May. Mark my words.
China’s first canonized saint was martyred by suffocation on a cross in Wuhan, the epicenter of today’s coronavirus pandemic.  …
Puerto Rico threatens huge fines for people who spread “false information” about the virus. Funny, that’s exactly what the Chinese police said when they arrested eight doctors in Wuhan last December.  …
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
Garcetti Mayor Covid19 Hits Homeless Housed in Los Angels. An effort to move homeless people into neighborhood recreation centers, homeless who was sheltered at a rec center in Granada Hills tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus, fears virus could start spread like wildfire. 
Project Airbridge? Good! Sending American PPE to Wuhan in early February? Also Good! Despite Trump’s resistance, the fact that America is both an exporter and importer of key medical equipment should be interpreted as a blessing, not a curse, during this pandemic... 9/ 
China has lifted the lockdown in Wuhan after 76 days. More than 55,000 thousand people left the city within hours of the restrictions being lifted. The only city that was affected by the Chinese Virus. 
“China’s first canonized saint was martyred by suffocation on a cross in Wuhan, the epicenter of today’s coronavirus pandemic.”  …
Wuhan Gradually Returns To Everyday Life. But It’s Not The Same As Before.  … via @TPM
As of April 2nd, 390,00,00,000 people in the world are in lockdown! 90 countries have some form of shutdown. What did you do Wuhan?? For decades people will remember China's most infamous export to the world in 2020 (Apologies, India's map not accurate). 
Despite being one of the first to have knowledge of the dangerous virus, Dr. Wenliang continued to treat patients in Wuhan. Tragically, he contracted the virus himself, ultimately succumbing to it shortly thereafter.
Today, I am introducing legislation to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to Dr. Li Wenliang. Dr. Wenliang was the brave Wuhan doctor who first sounded the alarm about the spread of #coronavirus.
2) Jan 6: The CDC issued a travel notice for Wuhan, China. Jan 11: The CDC issued a Level I travel health notice for Wuhan, China. Jan 17: The CDC implements public health entry screening at the US airports that received the most travelers from Wuhan  …
Sarah Serem- The Kenyan ambassador to China and the government Must act immediately. We can't have our very own Kenyans in China treated like outcasts, when Chinese in Kenya are treated like kings and queens! We know the viruse began in Wuhan a city in Hubei province China.
Another protest in #Wuhan. Kind of practicing social distancing style of protest. 9April. Some very emotional people. Aftermath of #WuhanVirus lockdown, does not look promising. #COVID19 #coronavirus #CCPVirus 
The sample was collected by hazmat-clad scientists from the Institute of Virology in Wuhan in 2013. Stored away and forgotten until January this year, the sample from the horseshoe bat contains the virus that causes Covid-19:  …
Many protests in #Wuhan immediately after lockdown is lifted. Some demand rental refunds. Some  As usual, the world’s 2nd largest economy #China, offers no help. #WuhanVirus #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Ignore the liberal slant to this article. Absorb the facts. China was paying Harvard Professor Lieber huge amounts including $1.5 million to set up a lab in Wuhan. He was arrested 3 days before Trump imposed the China travel restrictions. Coincidence?  …
Wuhan Virus Watch: WHO Director Threatens Trump With ‘More Body Bags’ After POTUS Targets Agency’s Funding  …
The Wuhan Virus: made by the CCP Better watch this ASAP! @YouTube has begun shadow-banning this documentary - Won't show up in my history - Comes up below the fold even when I search it by name - CCP propagandist videos above the return for this  …
Chinese doctors who have for months treated coronavirus patients with chloroquine say there is no clear evidence the anti-malarial drug is effective against the deadly pathogen. @JNBPage reports from Wuhan  …
The cottage industry pushing the idea that hate & stigma are bigger threats than the virus itself now includes @Nature. The journal apologized for "erroneously associating" the virus with Wuhan/China in its coverage. I am appalled at how this institution has been corrupted.  …
The coronavirus lockdown may be over in Wuhan, but in another part of China, it appears to be just getting started. Suifenhe, a city along China's northern border with Russia is now ordering residents to stay inside and only go outside for necessities once every 3 days. #FoxNews
At least as far back as November, U.S. intelligence officials were sounding the alarm about a contagion sweeping through Wuhan, China. The Trump administration ignored their warnings. 
Here is the CCP-bootlicking editorial from Nature calling the association of COVID-19 with Wuhan, China "erroneous."  …
USA has lost nearly more than 15,000 lives due to Wuhan virus. I thought life was cheap in India, now I find it is cheaper in US.
Nature magazine, one of the most respected scientific journals in the world, bends the knee to the Chinese Communist Party. Taking away social stigma and discrimination towards Asians, the coronavirus *did* start in Wuhan, China. This is despicable.  …
The #coronavirus has burned through #Wuhan. The issue for #China is whether the big cities in the east, like #Shanghai, will  hotspots. Pray for the Chinese people. @SusanLiTV, thanks for all your great  …
Imagine how many people would still be alive today if Kathy Zhu didn’t eat the bat soup in Wuhan China
This account relentlessly posts disinfo, much of which can *easily* be disproved if he/his audience had any interest in the facts. Wuhan's lockdown began ~1/23. Chinese school holiday starting 1/24 for Spring Festival & indefinite postponement of the break announced 1/27. 
Chinese are forcefully evicting Africans. Instead of addressing these issues, Chinese diplomats will be busy pushing conspiracy theories about "the US military and virus in Wuhan"; As if anyone in Africa cares about that nonsense.  …
China is lying again !! This is from Hankou Area, Wuhan ( April 8, 2020) . #Covid_19 
#COVID19 worldwide after days since it was first found in #Wuhan on Dec 31, 2019. Latest update, IST 22.30 on April 9 No. of #coronavirus cases 15,06,936 No. of dead 90,057 No. of recovered 3,40,630
WHO covered up for China? WHO said it was safe to travel between Wuhan and other cities around the world? WHO condemned Trump’s travel ban? WHO now deserves to have its funding ended? These are questions that answer themselves, don’t they? #WorldHealthOrganization
Wuhan lockdown lifted yesterday, yet we still have no news on Chen Qiushi. 武汉昨日解封，陈秋实仍旧毫无消息。 Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 62 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
With Wuhan's #coronavirus lockdown lifted, a British man takes a walk in the sunshine, saying that he's confident that the epidemic will be contained in other parts of the world, just like in Wuhan. 
If You see this, Make Your Voice Count. Let the world know that Kenyans Lives matter and Africans are Human beings. We didn't give the Chinese Coronavirus on the contrary, Coronavirus originated from Wuhan,China. #BringKenyansInChinaHome
Liberals who wanted India to airlift Paki students from Wuhan because of Humanity don't want us to help Americans. Why? No humanity for Americans. Or they are worried Modi's position in the global order just went few notches higher. #COVIDー19
What Is C19 REALLY? What Is Really Happening Because None Of This Makes Sense?! And How Does It Relate To High Death Tolls In Wuhan, Italy And Spain? Why No Death Counts In Russia? C19 Is Trojan Horse To The Implementation Of 5G And Massive Cell Poisoning  …
It’s a CON JOB! They are counting none Chinese Wuhan flu deaths as COVID19 because they get money if it is listed as such! People are disgusted when they get the death certificates and death is listed COVID19 when they died from something else! Follow the money! @realDonaldTrump
Calling the Wuhan Coronavirus "the same evil we saw on 9/11." Is Cuomo suggesting this was an intentional act of terror by the Communist Chinese government? If not, what does he mean by calling it "the same evil"?  …
So China has locked Kenyans living in Wuhan from accessing their houses saying they will bring #Covid_19 . The same characters government gives special treatment back in kenya ? This is heartbreaking @citizentvkenya
While there are obviously racial overtones, China is a country, and people within China call it the "Wuhan virus." The Chinese government is exploiting elite liberal  with honest conversations about race and power to displace responsibility for its own behavior.  …
Wuhan doctors treating coronavirus patients with chloroquine for the past few months say there's no clear evidence the anti-malarial drug works against the virus, raising questions about a remedy some have touted as a potential cure. @JNBPage 
Wuhan doctors have been treating COVID-19 patients for months with chloroquine, the anti-malarial drug touted by President Trump. There's no clear evidence it works, they say. Our story from Wuhan with @qianweizhang  
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
Let me be very clear: COVID-19 originated in the Chinese city, Wuhan. Period. Full stop. Now a motley crew of bad actors (China, Russia, and Iran) are trying to say otherwise. Ridiculous.  …
The New York Times falsely accused @TomCottonAR of promoting conspiracy theories about the origins of the Wuhan Virus The NYT is literally doing the work of the CCP  …
We want our Kenyan citizens in China back. Quarantine them after they land in Kenya. We better detain them in our quarantine centres than we leave them to thin-eyed racist humans in Wuhan. Bring Kenyans back home. They've had enough troubles already. I had said this before.
Taiwan decided to screen all passengers from Wuhan starting on Dec. 31, the same day it learned of the then-unknown virus in the Chinese city. 
Companies in Wuhan are requiring employees to undertake mass testing as the city emerges from lockdown 
I told my attorney that if I die from coronavirus I want the Ghana pallbearers to dance with my casket then drop it from a helicopter onto Wuhan. My last wish is for America to strike back.
For transparency...On Jan. 1st, 2020: 8 doctors in Wuhan who warned about new virus reports in late Dec., including Dr. Li Wenliang, were condemned for “making false statements on the Internet.” Li was forced to write a self-criticism saying his warnings “had a negative impact.”
Patriots take time out of your day and watch this doc that goes against the narrative that CV started in the wet market in #Wuhan  …
China’s first canonized saint was martyred by suffocation on a cross in Wuhan, the epicenter of today’s #coronavirus pandemic. St. Thérèse of Lisieux kept a holy card dedicated to him in her personal prayer 
Wuhan emerges from quarantine Latin America will need to take lessons from China about how to successfully confront a public health crisis, and how to reactivate one's economy through state-led investment. The US model has proven to be useless. 
. @JoshJPhilipp: US,  need to seriously consider that maybe virus came from #Wuhan P4 lab Then, start seriously asking #CCP: If you lied about origin & intermediate species, what is the origin? #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
. @JoshJPhilipp: There's a P4 lab miles up the road from Ground Zero in #Wuhan. It just so happens that the closest bat virus was submitted to the PLA. So how did a Chinese military bat virus merge with SARS? #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
. @JoshJPhilipp: No investigation has found evidence that the alleged #Wuhan "wet market" sold bats, and Patient 0 had no connection to it #CCP itself stopped using that narrative, is now trying to accuse US #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
Chinese government’s COVID19 timeline begins with a claim that the first cases were detected in the city of Wuhan in “late December 2019.” That is FALSE. Scientific reports have said the first cases were detected weeks earlier.  …
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: +Coronavirus outbreak: Will  exit China? +Taiwan demands apology from WHO +UNSC meet on Wuhan Coronavirus +Exclusive: @kiranshaw on India's fight against  …
How did coronavirus start and where did  from? Was it really Wuhan's animal market?  … #COVIDー19 #COVID19Pandemic
#ChinaVirus? No! Nature, one of the world's most prestigious scientific magazines apologises for linking #COVIDー19 with #China. @nature admits it ‘was an error on our part’ to erroneously link the #coronavirus pathogen with #Wuhan & China.  …
#ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayWisdom Seasonal Flu Common Cold Parkinson's Muscular Dystrophy Alzheimer's I could go on forever. after years and billions spent no cure, but in 18 month we're to believe Bill Gates and Fauci will have a vaccine for the Chinese Wuhan Virus.
To everyone in our Media who is repeating the “Zero New Cases” in Wuhan lie, people are still dying of Coronavirus. The Media accuses Trump of giving “False Hope” for being optimistic meanwhile they shamelessly parrot Chinese Propaganda. Pathetic. 
China didn't confirm human-to-human transmission until Jan. 20. Three days later they locked down Wuhan. By then it was too late. The virus had had over a month to spread in China & globally while Wuhan officials denied human-to-human transmission & harassed drs telling the truth  …
Locals in Wuhan, where the Chinese coronavirus pandemic originated, have heard  from funeral home furnaces, and some treated in hospitals say they saw workers put living coronavirus patients in body bags 
Wuhan is back open and millions of people are leaving their homes for the first time in 76 days. Still, we don't know where Chen Quishi and Fang Bin are... Disappeared, Ousted Journalists Ran To Coronavirus Fire, Burned By China's Communist Party  …
From today's @FT #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #Wuhan 
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: #Chinese Doctor #ShiZhengli Ran #Coronavirus Research in #Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by #DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky — PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #ChineseCoronavirus #MSMHatesAmerica 
A clever graphic, but the issue isn't that the coronavirus started in Wuhan but that Chinese authorities allowed it to go global by censoring the Wuhan doctors who tried to alert us. Prevalence would have been 95% less without the ensuing three-week delay:  
I appreciate that Nature wants to reduce stigmas against Asian people, and I don't support calling it the Wuhan Virus. But pretending that the disease didn't start in China -- or pretending that the Party's early reaction didn't help spread it -- is deeply problematic.
The #WetMarkets are still open? #china #ChinaMustExplain #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanDiary #WorldHealthOrganization #COVID #covidiots 
Wuhan hosts spectacular LED shows after lifting draconian lockdown to thank medical workers who helped the city beat the coronavirus 
This is unbelievable. @nature, one of the most respected scientific publications, apologizes to China for erroneously "associating the virus with Wuhan and with China." The virus started in China. That is a fact. Shameful.  …
Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic 
On April 8, the first day after #Wuhan lifted the 76 days of #lockdown, a weasel was seen begging for food from passers-by in the 
The first passenger flight lands in Wuhan after 76 days. Giving hope to three billion people in lockdown globally. We will all  
Xinhua photographer Fei Maohua has been in #Wuhan since March 1. Here's a selection of his photographs and his story...  
The official death toll in Wuhan is 2,571 as of April 7. But separate calculations of the number of urns purchased by funeral homes and the cremation capacity and use of the cremation ovens put the death toll somewhere between 42,000 and 46,800. 
Bad News: Thousands have died from the Wuhan Virus! Good News: No body died from any other disease in months! 
Unemployment claims swell to 6.6 million Dems using the Wuhan virus to paralyze US economy US liberal media spreading fakenews to aid deepstate 1st ammendment does NOT protect WILLFULLY FAKENEWS! @DLongsamson I FOLLOW BACK  #FoxBusiness
Thanks. Again tracing the epidemic of misinformation: FOX is the Wuhan Province of the disinformation epidemic, and has been for years. These are not "news" outlets, people--these are psy ops.
for those who dont know oshbar did donate medical supplies to Wuhan in February 
To understand why China deceived the  on the Wuhan coronavirus, read this book.  …
A report says that Chinese scientist Zheng-Li Shi from the Wuhan Institute of Virology was part of a team working on a coronavirus jointly with US scientists in 2014 before it was shut down by the Department of Health and Human Services for being too 
China #CCP coverups & lies caused #WuhanCoronaVirus to spread throughout theinfecting 1,532,289/killing 89,703/ruiningeconomy. Thewill demand #CCPVirus war reparations in trillions soon while #Wuhan shopkeepers' demand for 1-year free rent is letting CCP off the hook cheap.  …
#COVID19 Very interesting sero-survey data in "Germany's Wuhan" Heinsberg N=509 (represent 50% of household) ~2% actively infected by #coronavirus (RT-PCR) ~14% tested positive for antibodies total ~15% infected ~80% of infections previously undetected  …
China is the 1st to report and share virus data with WHO and other countries. WHO joint mission including 2 US experts already visited Wuhan  China's efforts. When will Washington invite joint international expert team to the US for investigation?
Timing Is Everything... Why did [Pelosi] hold the Impeachment Article until Jan 15th? 1st Case #COVID19 from Wuhan arrived US on 01.15.20 The Storm had arrived! Q3785 Jan 22, 2020 "What storm, Mr. President?" "You'll see!" - . @POTUS Q Watch! #QAnon #WWG1WGA #Trump2020 
China's nightmare: Wuhan doctors in December "sounded the alarm about a mysterious pneumonialike illness, only to be reprimanded for spreading rumors." Beijing acted only "after significant delays..informing the public about..human-to-human transmission."  
Gen. Spalding (Ret.): China must be held accountable for the Wuhan Coronavirus ravaging the world  … via @amermilnews
Nothing changes in Chicago during Wuhan Virus.  …
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER @LouDobbs @MarkMeadows @MattGaetz @DevinNunes @RealDonaldTrump  … via @gatewaypundit
There is a tendency to excuse excessively dire predictions because hearts were in the right place and under-reacting to a severe crisis is worse than over-reacting, especially from a political perspective. The aftermath of the Wuhan virus will demonstrate how wrong that is. /end
Nature, one of the world's top scientific journals, issued an editorial on Tuesday apologizing for associating the novel #coronavirus with Wuhan and China in its news coverage. #COVID_19
We should examine that a February 1 article by Lorrie, titled “10 reasons not to panic about the Wuhan coronavirus,” listed that there were 0 deaths, and just 1.4% of cases, outside China. As of today, 96% of the 89,800+ deaths, and 95% of 1.5m cases, have been outside China.  …
What I would like to see....is the last 2-3 weeks statistics on number of deaths unrelated to COVID 19. Have these numbers plummeted? How many terminal cancer, heart and other diseases miraculously recovered and died from this Wuhan Virus?
Ms Dorries. The first reported #coronavirus case in the UK was 31st Jan The first COBRA meeting called to discuss the crisis was 2nd March; 31 days later It was evident from Wuhan how respiratory affecting it was How many orders for ventilators were placed by the Gov't in Feb?
You'll be surprised how fast the entire Wuhan Virus pandemic gets memory holed when a random journo accuses Trump of colluding with Zimbabwe and Schiff starts his 63rd Impeachment Committee.
A Chinese lawyer was reprimanded after posting an article, showing photos of long lines outside a #Wuhan funeral home and families of patients who died from the #CCPVirus waiting to pick up the cremated remains. The article was then deleted and her social media account 
#FactsTell: What #Wuhan did to recover from COVID-19 in 76 days 
Tokyo: But professor, when we release season 4 everyone will be at work. No One will watch.. Professor: Good question Tokyo, that's where plan  in. Four months to the release date, our man in China will eat a bat..
 #COVIDー19 got restricted to one province in #China But spread to every province of every other country Was #Wuhan only connected to Rest of the World and not China. Shady very shady
The #ChinaVirus originated in Wuhan China. This is an indisputable fact. How this crap traveled from China to the US  irrelevant. Stop spreading lies and ignorant BS. This is why nobody will ever trust the MSM again. You idiots are truly   …
You can still fly from Wuhan China to Heathrow right now. But you and I can’t go to the park without fear of arrest.  …
“In order  their task to have zero infections, the neighborhood covered it up and did not report the death." The #Wuhan lockdown was lifted this Wednesday, but a video shows people carrying a bodybag in the night despite the official report of zero #CCPVirus 
I repeat: PLEASE somebody ask Fauci & Brix at next presser: “What is the highest #, +/- 10% , of USA Wuhan flu deaths you are willing to bet your career, your pension & your reputation on?” They put > 20 million ppl on unemployment w models. Let’s get their skin in the game.
All this started cus a man in Wuhan wanted to eat a bat for breakfast.
China imposes Wuhan-style lockdown in a city bordering Russia after recording 127 new 'imported cases' 
China is going to face a huge pushback from the European Union and USA once the Wuhan Virus Pandemic is over. China has tried every rule in their propaganda book to shift the blame but nowhere it has worked. Sad but Pakistan will also have to bear the brunt of this backlash.
The W.H.O. has a  Pence vows US will...ask WHO 'tough questions' over how 'they could have been so wrong' about Wuhan virus TOUGH QUESTIONS? YEAH...forget my first bullet point @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
The Chinese regime first accused the U.S., then Italy for the origin of the #CCPvirus, but “Patient Zero” in at least 19 countries, including the U.S., Italy, South Korea, France, Germany, were all found to have close ties to #Wuhan, China’s #CCPvirus 
The opening of Wuhan, once an epicenter of Covid-19, after 76 days is a lesson in what a national resolve supplemented by timely action can do. China has shown leadership in defeating the pandemic & is an inspiration to all nations fighting the virus.
The Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province, epicenter of the global virus pandemic, formally ended its two-month lockdown on Wednesday with a huge celebration. 
“It's said the outbreak is more serious than that in #Wuhan.” A video has been circulating online showing shops and schools closed in a village in southern #China due to a suspected second #CCPVirus outbreak. The closures have caused fear among the 
Wuhan, China ground zero for the novel corona virus aka COVID - 19 lit up its skyline last night at midnight after ending its 76, yes you read that right, SEVENTY SIX day lockdown. What day are we on now? 
Wuhan has ended its lockdown. The rate of infection is down in Italy. Dr. Fauci is lowering his projected death toll. New York's hospitalizations are slowing. @DanBarryNYT offers some glimmers of  …
Live: Chinese doctors who fought against #COVID19 in Wuhan share experience with foreign medics  …
Where was Bill Gates and his proclamation regarding the need of a vaccine when Wuhan was fighting the Chinese virus epidemic? It's as if he's only concerned about vaccinating Americans. Wonder why?
Indeed. The World Health Organization didn't declare COVID-19 a pandemic until March 11, which was incredibly late to the game. One of many bad decisions by the WHO, starting with trusting China's dictators about the emergence of the virus in Wuhan 3 months earlier, in December.  …
First Minister @NicolaSturgeon: "It's now 100 days since the first cases of Coronavirus were reported in Wuhan and in that time our lives have been transformed in ways that would've been unimaginable a few weeks ago."
Can ANYONE blame them? Tens of Thousands Leave After Wuhan Lifts Quarantine  … Download The Epoch Times app to see our exclusive Coronavirus coverage and daily 
After 76 days, a lockdown was lifted in Wuhan, a megacity in central China. Find out how the city managed to turn the tide on #coronavirus. 
Some  are still plowing fresh investment dollars into China. Walmart said Wednesday it would invest $425M in Wuhan over five years, while Starbucks said earlier it's investing $125M to build a roasting plant. 
Dan Crenshaw Injects Facts Into the Debate After Hillary Clinton Attempts a Wuhan Virus Timeline Dunk on Trump Ok seriously...  …
The White House's National Security Council, the Pentagon's Joint Staff and the Defense Intelligence Agency were all briefed on the impacts of the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, as early as late November  
China must pay for the death and damage caused by Wuhan virus.  …
4•9•20 Blacks, UNLEARN what you’ve learned Race baiters are making the Wuhan Virus about RACE? We Blacks are NOT “predisposed” to any disease! It’s about PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY. I have Diabetes because I didn’t take care of MYSELF, not because I’m Black! 
The last general ward of Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan was closed and disinfected on Thursday, leaving only 15 critical #COVID19 patients in intensive care 
How can we make a vaccine when we don't really know what this virus is and how it originated? Absolutely zero bats were ever sold in the Wuhan wet market so why are the CCP covering up? You should use your skills to get them to admit what went on!  …
From an American law professor: "There are many lessons to be learned from the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic. But one is already clear: China needs to be isolated from the civilized world until its behavior improves."  …
Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic 
Wuhan has been the hardest-hit in China, with 70,000 #Covid19 infections and more than 2,500 deaths. The city of 11 million has celebrated the end of a 76-day lockdown, paying tribute to medical workers, troops and police officers. Read more:  
“China took the situation in Wuhan-- which was quite dramatic, and by extreme interventions in terms of reducing movement-- they were able to crush that epidemic,” says @BillGates on 
#Wuhan today. People still dying all over the city. 
China did this in phase 2 of the Wuhan quarantine because it was the only way to protect the families from their infected members. Without that policy Wuhan would not have ended the epidemic. Current test reliability is relativ high if test is immediate used when symptoms appear.  …
Pete Evans is selling this ridiculous device for US$15K claiming it has some action against ‘Wuhan Coronavirus’. @BradHazzard, @TGAgovau and the NSW HCCC when are you going to shut Evans down? @Channel7 when will you stop giving Evans a 
Fighting Voter Fraud: @GOPChairwoman calls the Dems’ push for election reforms during the Wuhan virus pandemic shameful & frightening. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 #Dobbs 
A now empty fever clinic at a hospital in Wuchang, Wuhan. At the entrance there were still stacks of boxes of donated supplies. Lots of oxygen tanks outside. Some of the rooms have been sealed. 
We are now more a danger to Wuhan than they to us.
Millions of #Wuhan & #Hubei residents travelled around the world from Jan 1-20 but not to #Beijing or #Shanghai before @WHO announced the crisis on Jan 20. (WHO had lied on Jan 14 in a tweet that the virus did not have human to human transmission). WHO chief @DrTedros must  …
Forget the #COVID19 #HaircutChallenge. These people are getting their first haircuts in #Wuhan, China after the 76-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted Wednesday. More @business:  
Among those picking up the pieces after Wuhan's lockdown are lotus root farmers who have lost everything after customers couldn’t reach them. 
What does the end of a lockdown look like? Great to be able to work with @sophia_yan on life in Wuhan right now 
Today, 100 days ago, Wuhan's  posted a notice on its website about a mysterious pneumonia detected around a seafood market. Today #Covid19 has changed the world as we knew it. Good timeline by @safimichael  …
Idc what it takes to find out who precisely inflicted this disgusting Chinese virus on our families. Interrogate Wuhan Center for Disease Control & Prevention. If we can bomb faraway countries for unconfirmed chem attacks, we can retaliate against those responsible for this bs.
#COVID19-hit Wuhan has started the recruitment of the second group of volunteers that are Wuhan residents who are older than 18 years old, for the Phase II clinical trials for a #COVID19 
Now Wuhan has opened up, people are back to playing their favorite sport Tissue passing 
The virus came from Wuhan, China. 
Even after #CoronavirusOutbreak due to #China still they didn't learn Animal ethics. #ChinaMustExplain that why #Wetmarkets are again opened to sell dogs, cats, bats & lizards in #Wuhan. Actually , China will never Learn better we learn to #BoycottChina 
It’s going to be fun watching you suddenly spin his travel bans weren’t strict enough after Joe Biden agreed with him. And it spread from Wuhan in China. Should probably get your guy on that page also.  …
Hello Twitter. My name is Fang Fang and I'm the author of Wuhan Diary. Not quite familiar with Twitter yet... could use some help. Thanks :)
China gave Wuhan Virus to the world. India is giving the world treatment of this virus. Leaders of United States, United Kingdom, Brazil and Sri Lanka thank India for HCQ and Paracetamol. India is a truly responsible power. Proud 
Question for #China: After a full-blown epidemic spread from Wuhan to the rest of Hubei province, why did you cut off travel from Hubei to the rest of China on January 23 but not from Hubei to the rest of the world? -Niall Ferguson (Stanford,  …
Wuhan local Jiang Shuiyun has made violins for 50 years. He said I’m his first customer since he opened ytd. But he opened the place mostly to get back to crafting violins. He proudly showed me one he made in the shape of the yellow crane tower, the Wuhan landmark. 
The first flight took off from Wuhan Tianhe International Airport Wednesday after 76-day lockdown to stem the spread of 
Chinese are mistreating Ugandans in China, throwing them on out on the streets and denying them medicare. Use the same energy you used to talk about Evacuate students in Wuhan to advocate for their return back to +256. 
Wuhan was on lockdown for 76 days
Live: Officials from Hubei Province discuss #COVID19 efforts as Wuhan ends lockdown  …
Good news! Wang Xin, 87, who captured the hearts of many after a photo of him enjoying the waning light of the day on a gurney was shared on social media, was discharged from hospital Thursday afternoon in #Wuhan after recovering from 
What's the chances of #Covid19 emerging within a few kilometres of a Level 4 Biolab in Wuhan that specialised in research into bat viruses. Mmmm
The epicentre, Wuhan, was on lockdown for over 70 days. They did everything to sanitise and keep people home. You guys think they’re going to set us free next week Thursday? Lol
How did coronavirus start and where did  from? Was it really Wuhan's animal market?  …
“Everyone’s anxious to get out as soon as possible.” Thousands rushed to train stations and the #Wuhan airport after the 76-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted. More @business:  
American News Outlets Air Chinese Propaganda Footage Of Wuhan  …
#Wuhan records 620,000 public transport passengers on 1st day after city's 76-day lockdown lifted  
Aerial view of railway station and expressway toll in Wuhan: The megacity in central China's Hubei started lifting outbound travel restrictions from April 8  
The number of public transport passengers in coronavirus-hit #Wuhan exceeded 620,000 on Wednesday, the day when the city's 76-day lockdown was lifted; 346 bus and boat lines and 7 subway lines, as well as taxis, also resumed service. 
Ok let’s talk Facts. Did ⁦ @DrTedros⁩ send a team to #Wuhan, to confirm outbreak is actually over? Or just taking #China’s words for it? Did ⁦ @WHO⁩ send teams to check on the hospitals, confirm #COVID19 cases & deaths data? Verified reports?  …
Kenyans evicted from a flat in Wuhan on suspicion they have Coronavirus! This is pure racism. China infected the whole world with the virus and now it is accusing us of having the same virus? I am sure your government will let it slip like nothing happened. 
In 2019, China had a flu outbreak that originated in China and they called it "Africa Swine Flu" (as per picture). The flu had nothing to do with Africa. Fast forward to 2020, a virus originated from Wuhan and Donald Trump called it "China Virus". China cries racism. 
Heard someone say “दुनिया डगमग, China जगमग” A light show to mark the lifting of the lockdown in Wuhan, the birthplace of this pandemic. It’s as if China is mocking the world. But why are thousands of people fleeing? And what explains the thousands of urns in funeral homes?  …
Sitting next to the tarmac for the arrival of 20,000kg of face masks and 2630kg of disposable gowns, on this direct flight from Wuhan. Pretty cool! We’ll show you what it looks like inside the plane. Mad how much they can fit in there! 
Ffs..Just when we start to flatten the curve...? Wuhan flight attendants check into Rydges Hotel Sydney without police guard amid coronavirus crisis  …
2/2 We know the virus started in Wuhan, social distancing & lock-downs never occurred in Shanghai, Beijing, etc. To the contrary, travel from Hubei into other parts of China was prohibited while international flights out of Hubei continued. IMO, this is bio warfare!
On Testing Positive Again In China and South Korea, some of the people who previously recovered from covid19 corona virus are testing positive again. a) 51 patients in South Korea b) 3% to 10% of Chinese patients in Wuhan. Attached below this tweet are links to two articles.
A plane from Wuhan just landed in Sydney with 70 metric tons of face masks and other emergency gear. That's right: Wuhan-to-Sydney. China's mask propaganda jets along.  … #CCP #MaskDiplomacy #WuhanVirus
After 76 days of lockdown, doctors and nurses are leaving Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus pandemic in China. More @business:  
Maulana Saad is wanted in an offence lodged by the Delhi Police under sections of the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897 and sections of the Indian Penal Code, for violating government directions on steps to be taken for avoiding the spread of Wuhan Coronavirus  …
China's Wuhan lifts coronavirus lockdown — in pictures  
thank u for the info. we sent over 40,000 medical staff to support Wuhan to save lives. can u tell me which country has such mobilization capabilities in such a short time?
In a highly unusual move, an oddly-worded, politically-sounding "denial" parroting the Chinese government's narrative has been added to a 2015 scientific article one of whose authors is a chief scientist at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. 
Good news! Wang Xin, 87, has recovered from the #Covid_19 and was discharged from hospital on Thursday afternoon in #Wuhan. A picture of Wang enjoying the waning light of the day laid on a gurney has  popular on social media. 
The 87 years old senior #coronavirus patient cured and released from hospital yesterday. This grand pa  famous because during his days in hospital on the way to do the medical Check, one of the front runners stopped him for a while to see the beautiful sun-set in #Wuhan. 
Hundreds of flights from Wuhan flew to Europe daily and Italy has been devastated by the Wuhan Scourge. The Chinese presence in Infernotto (North) is so pervasive that the top surname in the region is now Hu. Funny that they could fly to Italy but not within China. #COVIDー19
Coronavirus spread to Africa from China after Wuhan peeps ate infected bats. But in China this has led to more anti-African discrimination. Over 100 Kenyans evicted from flats in middle of the night on suspicion they have - you guessed it - Coronavirus.  
Critics say the W.H.O. has been too trusting of the Chinese government, which initially tried to conceal the outbreak in Wuhan. Others have faulted the health agency for moving too slowly to declare a global health emergency. 
Watch | #Wuhan reopens after 76 days of lockdown But, is #coronavirus threat far from over? #WION's Beijing correspondent @PaddyFok 
This is what happens when Chinese government officials are asked about Chen Qiushi, the citizen journalist who exposed the state of Wuhan #Coronavirus in January. Full Video Here  
Prune must have got a new batch of Wuhan bat wings to chew on.
As #Wuhan, where #COVIDー19 broke out, opened its streets for the public after a prolonged lockdown, the lone Malayali girl who stayed back in the Chinese city is smiling. @vijayanpinarayi @ShashiTharoor @VMBJP @RahulGandhi  …
Communism fails its people, as in Wuhan “thousands of unhoused people remain on the streets or in overcrowded shelters as hotel rooms sit unused.” Oh, wait! That’s not Wuhan. That’s rich capitalist enclave San Francisco!  …
SOMETHING IS FISHY!!* Wuhan to Shanghai = 839 km Wuhan to Beijing = 1,152 km Wuhan to Milan = 8,684 km Wuhan to NY = 12,033 km #CCPVirus started in #Wuhan yet there is no effect of it in nearby #Beijing or #Shanghai but many deaths in & Business as usual in !
In late December, health authorities in China confirmed dozens of people in Wuhan were being treated for pneumonia from an unknown source. Here's what's happened since: 
Life in #Wuhan is normalizing, but criticism continues. @TIME questioned the credibility of #China’s numbers. “It’s funny whatever China does, it is criticized as a lie,” says Timo Balz of Wuhan University, German resident in Wuhan for 12 years. 
Barbra Nuwagira in Wuhan, China: We are happy about the lifting of the 76-day lockdown. As much as people are allowed to move, some of us are still indoors. #NBSMorningBreeze #NBSUpdates 
do yall not have the critical thinking skills to understand that wuhan is not in fact a Singular person but a city with millions of people with lives and families who also suffered from a lockdown for 76 days? or are yall just wilfully dehumanising them  …
Wet markets are returning to life in #Wuhan and other parts of China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic 
Wuhan records 620,000 public transport passengers on 1st day after city's 76-day lockdown lifted #COVID19  
Forget the #COVID19 #HaircutChallenge. These people are getting their first haircuts in Wuhan, China after the 76-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted Wednesday. More @business:  
”I hope other people can learn from Wuhan” Residents of Wuhan, the Chinese city where the coronavirus pandemic originated, tell us not to repeat mistakes as they emerge from more than two months of lockdown. So moving! 
Heartiest congratulations to China on Wuhan Victory over Coronavirus with lifting of 76 day lockdown of this city of 11 m. ; when Wuhan was epicentre of crisis, 42,000 medical workers from all over China came to Wuhan to join this battle, shows a nation united can beat the Virus
Thread. I am getting worried about the word “lockdown”. I worry that it is deeply unhelpful. What it means in different places varies greatly. And it implies that anything branded a “lockdown” will have the same effects as those achieved in Wuhan. 1/n
According to the @nytimes  …, 19 flights departed Wuhan for JFK or SFO in January. The flights were largely full, according to VariFlight. Data from  … also show a China Southern flight landed at SFO on Feb.  …
Whistleblowers estimated death toll puts the Wuhan region with over 50% of the worldwide deaths from the coronavirus and the city still has tight restrictions because of continued spread. This statement by VICE is insane.  …
Wuhan's wet markets are at the center of an intensifying global debate about whether they should be allowed to operate in the aftermath of the coronavirus outbreak 
Our leaders, we hope, have realised that the world is such a small place, and that a sneeze in faraway Wuhan, China, can make their favourite hospital bed in London unavailable  …
Everybody knows that PARTIAL handwashing = no protection. Why are politicians allowing partial lockdowns, and expect a different result? So many flights between two epicenters, NYC and London. Insanity. Can you imagine daily scheduled flights out of Wuhan in Feb? 
Wuhan : Epicentre of Coronavirus Spread to : Europe , US , Iran , Middle East But “ godi media “ does not attack China .Had China informed others in time virus could have bee contained But “ godi “ media attacks others Why ? Communal agenda ? Investigate China
Also should be noted the hearing was titled "The Wuhan Coronavirus: Assessing the Outbreak, the Response, and Regional Implications" so racist. HA.  …
 back to life after more than 2 months of lockdown: famous “hot dry noodles” with sesame sauce is back in town as the oldest chain Cailinji resumes business via WeChat Pay (takeaway only). It had 5,000 orders in one day on April 3 alone. 
Marriage registration app bogged down after Wuhan lockdown lifted  …
#ChineseVirus Wuhan is celebrating????? when everyday thousands of people are dying ... shameless people  …
Chinese state media has been flooding Facebook and Instagram with undisclosed political ads blaming Trump for the Wuhan coronavirus. Facebook said in a statement that it was an “error” that the ads were not classified as political and is correcting them. 
China closes Russia border, puts new city into Wuhan-style lockdown to contain pandemic  …
Also...where is the media scrutiny on Dr. Lieber?  alleges he lied to the feds & Harvard about his involvement in the Thousand Talents Plan. He also helped establish a lab at the Wuhan University of Technology.
Barr and Pompeo might soon run a joint investigation into China but La Veritá reports Italian Presidency and Pope Francis being ahead of the curve with official trip to Wuhan. Any Italian names  out from the inquiry?  …  
Ironically the safest place in the world right now is Wuhan, China
#China #Wuhan High Speed Rail Station has a person falling to the ground 
Beijing wants us to forget, but as Wuhan’s lockdown ends, residents remember, leaving messages for the dead doctor who sounded the alarm on the coronavirus but was censored and reprimanded. The ensuing three-week delay enabled the virus to go global.  
Dr #AiFen was director of the emergency room at Wuhan Central hospital. She was among those who earned about the virus last December. The #CCP disappeared her three weeks  …
The government allowed direct flights from Wuhan into the Philippines inspite of international frenzy about the impending pandemic. I would say DOH belatedly reacted and failed to uphold the spirit of RA 11332.  
Scientists from China Aerospace Science and Technology Group have developed an anti-fog sticker for protective goggles used by medics in the frontline and were sent to the hospitals in Wuhan. The innovative product can keep the lens clear from fogs generated by steam and sweat. 
I find this very strange that Jan 15th 2020 two very important things happened. 1)Articles of impeachment delivered to Senate, triggering historic trial of @POTUS 2)The patient who became the first confirmed US case leaves Wuhan and arrives in the U.S. carrying coronavirus. 
Dr. Fauci says Americans should never shake hands again following his highly flawed predictions on Wuhan virus . INFLATED NUMBERS , DOOM AND GLOOM. I THINK YOU PLAY FOR THE LEFT ! THE FATHER OF THE GREAT AMERICAN FRAUD ! paint my country red 
Here's what it's like at Wuhan's airport as doctors are taking the first flights out 
Don’t forget about the “black rain” in Japan from all the cremations took place in Wuhan. Or the 21million cell phones that were disconnected (unpaid) last month.
Trudeau warned his government members not to travel to Wuhan China in January due to the killer virus, but he allowed travel between Wuhan and Canada for weeks. He knew that medical supplies were low but did nothing about it until recently.  …
Finally the Wuhan Health Organisation's Dr Tedros acknowledges the existence of Taiwan, in order to attack it as racist for pointing out his ineptitude.  …
Wuhan’s reemergence will provide lessons for leaders across the world. But many across China fear that the political considerations that allowed the coronavirus to take hold in the first place could play out once again 
BREAKING: U.S. Intelligence Officials Warned About Coronavirus In Wuhan In Late November Resign  …
How did the virus get from Wuhan to Europe?
Media now reporting, based on anonymous sources, that "US intelligence" knew about the coronavirus in November. The first confirmed cases in Wuhan appeared in December. This is a lie. 
#Walmart China announced it will invest 3 billion yuan in #Wuhan city, with plans to open four Sam's Clubs, 15 hypermarkets and  stores in the next 5 years.
ICYMI - New evidence suggesting COVID-19 came from a Wuhan virology lab is hard to ignore 
#COVID19 worldwide after days since it was first found in #Wuhan on Dec 31, 2019. No. of #coronavirus cases 15,13,243 No. of dead 88,403 No. of recovered 300,948
Navarro Discusses China’s Duplicity Spreading the Wuhan Virus…   …
Fwiw, the military doesn’t “take a posture” on anything new without the president getting a brief. Also, aside from taking protective measures, I’m not sure what the military would do, firebomb Wuhan wet markets?
WORLDWIDE OUTBREAK: After a 76-day lockdown, Wuhan, China, is now allowing people to move around with some restrictions – as the UK records its deadliest day and PM Boris Johnson remains in the ICU, but is reportedly improving. @IanPannell reports.  
And on Jan 23, the Chinese government implemented a lockdown in Wuhan and other cities in Hubei province to contain the spread of the virus. The West of course immediately demonized China for the lockdown which was labeled "draconian" and "authoritarian".  …
As far back as late November, U.S. intelligence officials were warning that a contagion was sweeping through China’s Wuhan region, changing the patterns of life and business  …
Returning to normality! Wuhan has lifted travel restrictions after 76-day lockdown. Check out these before and after pics  
The #CCP celebrates the "victory" against the #epidemic, but #Wuhan residents tell a different story. China calls for cooperation with the US while the US challenges China to follow through. WATCH on @ChinaInFocusNTD:  Subscribe:  
How is it that claiming that the coronavirus came from a Wuhan bio-lab labeled a conspiracy? There's evidence right in China's own state-approved media! 
They sent this flight from Wuhan - the very source of the Chinese Corona virus - to Australia, AFTER plundering Australia's supplies of good quality medical equipment, because they are taking the piss. Don't let us be put in this situation ever again.  …
I do a lot of traveling around the East Coast & something hit me today... Before the Wuhan Bat Soup Flu hit, they were doing lots of geoengineering but since the CHY-NA VIRUS hit, I haven't noticed them "spraying us" at all lately. Has anyone else noticed this?
On January 14 there had only been 41 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus in China, all of them in the city of Wuhan and mainly through exposure to a local seafood market. The degree of transmissibility of the virus was still unclear at this time.  …
"What there's a real possibility of is that it accidentally escaped, that somebody accidentally got infected ... And then they took it out and inadvertently caused the outbreak." @TedCruz believes it's possible the coronavirus leaked out of a Wuhan lab. 
Wuhan lifted its lockdown after 72 days It took 72 days to put measures in place that may decrease the spread of illness We are still talking about testing we are going to be on lockdown for longer or released too early without mitigation efforts in place We can still fix it
If you think our  got the jump on the Wuhan virus and Trump ignored them, let me remind u that the  wrote a report last week assessing that China may have concealed info about the Wuhan virus, months after we all recognized this  knowledge.
The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs....Meanwhile the world is not calling out the fact these people are playing god with killer disease #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #lockdownextension  …
Thousands leave Wuhan hours after coronavirus lockdown lifted  
The hype for 热干面 and breakfast snacks here in Wuhan is well deserved 
Wuhan China just ended their quarantine bc THEY ACTUALLY STAYED HOME. With that being said KEEP YALL’S ASSES HOME.
Many people don't believe the mortality numbers stated with the China Wuhan Virus scourge, but let's ASSUME they're true. NYC accounts for 20% of COVID-19 cases and 32% of the deaths, FOR THIS ENTIRE NATION. What would YOU do as POTUS? Please Vote and Retweet #RayJPolitics
After 11 weeks, Wuhan’s coronavirus lockdown has ended. The city of 11 million people was the center of China’s coronavirus outbreak, with more than 80,000 cases and 3,000 deaths reported. Take a look, as the city of Wuhan reopens:  
China has lifted its lockdown of Wuhan. The city where the novel coronavirus was first reported has reopened its borders after a 76-day isolation.  
If, as appears true, the virus now called Covid19, was raging thru Wuhan, China by late November, how likely is it that it was not also in the U.S. close to that time? Obviously, the date of January 19, when the virus was first identified in the U.S., is not the date it arrived.  …
I feel ungracious for saying this but seeing #Wuhan celebrate with light shows etc whilst the rest of the world bury their dead, sickens me. YOUR CITY RELEASED THIS MONSTER, YOUR LACK OF HYGIENE CAUSED THIS MONSTER, YOUR GOVERNMENT LIED ABOUT THIS MONSTER. Show respect. 
Report: US intelligence officials were warning as far back as late November that the novel coronavirus was spreading through China's Wuhan region and posing a threat to its people and daily life  
This @ksbw article a lot of people are sharing around makes the mistake of casually associating Chinese nationality w/ virus risk. Travelers from Wuhan of any national/ethnic origin could have brought the virus. Hate crimes against Asians are exploding. Please stop doing this 
If only the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, France, the US etc had known that the answer to spiralling Wuhan flu death rates was, as China has so effectively done, simply to self-identify as a country with no new deaths. The solution just seems so obvious when you see it! Genius.
... 1/20: FIRST case of novel coronavirus 2019 infection of someone NOT from Wuhan is reported, this time in Korea. There is now a spread beginning. With one case. 1/21: NEXT DAY. @WHO issues first Novel Coronavirus 2019 situation report. Here it is:  …
... 1/13: The first case outside of China is reported in Thailand. But it is someone who came there from Wuhan, so no actual spread yet. 1/15: Second case, this time in Japan. Once again, it is someone from Wuhan. No actual spread.....
...On December 26, a doctor in China informed her hospital that there was a cluster of patients with a similar, unusual respiratory disease. They informed Wuhan CDC equivalent on December 28. That organization informed @WHO on December 31. So - remember that date. 12/31. .../2
69% favored Pres. Trump enacting tougher trade policies against China. 71% said  should scale back manufacturing in China. 54% said the Chinese govt should be forced to pay Reparation for the Wuhan virus.
I see a flight has arrived from Wuhan carrying 100 tonnes of medical equipment. I don't see @smh giving any coverage to this, unlike the big scoop they trumpeted about a Chinese national shipping stuff to China legally. Racism, much?
 out publicly as someone who is quite convinced that it's an accidental release from the lab. Highlights of my thoughts are in the thread here:  … (As a Chinese from Wuhan, I know the implications this has in terms of anti-Chinese sentiment...)
How many mass shootings have we had since the Wuhan Virus outbreak? Just asking..
Everything is fine in Wuhan.  …
If you write ‘Wuhan virus,’ Grammarly will remind you not to be racist 
Arkansas, Iowa, Nebraska, N.D., Oklahoma, S.D., Utah, & Wyoming refused to issue stay-at-home orders despite media criticism, their Wuhan virus projections are improving Im calling BS on this DEEPSTATE plandemic @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
Fighting Voter Fraud: @GOPChairwoman calls the Dems’ push for election reforms during the Wuhan virus pandemic shameful & frightening. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Wuhan, China, lit up its bridges and buildings to mark the lifting of a 76-day coronavirus lockdown 
Pisso Nseke left his apartment in Wuhan, China — the first time since the city went under lockdown nearly three months ago. “I'm grateful that I was able to see this day because so many people lost hope.” 
Regular flights from Wuhan, stopping at Shanghai and Charles Des Gaulle Paris, then into London, Heathrow. Why is this, at a time when our countries in lockdown and busines's are going broke trying to stop Covid-19?
VICE on Wuhan, China: It's now "the safest place on earth."  …
Air crew who flew in from coronavirus capital Wuhan with 90 tonnes of medical supplies casually stroll into Sydney hotel wearing face masks - with no police or military personnel in sight  …
Trump should defund the @WHO, The WUHAN HEALTH ORGANIZATION  …
Today's #coronavirus recap: -1.5 million confirmed cases & 80,000+ deaths as of 8 Apr -NY state has more cases than any country outside US - #Wuhan reopens - @WHO: do not politicize #COVID19, unity is the only option -Brazil , India see surge in new cases
As far back as late November, U.S. intelligence officials warned a contagion was sweeping through China’s Wuhan region, changing patterns of life and business and posing a threat to the population, sources briefed on the secret reporting tell 
“The Chinese Virus came from bat soup and did not originate from the Wuhan Virology Lab” is about as dumb of a belief as “Jeffrey  suicide”
The authors describe a 69-year-old man with Covid-19 diagnosed in January 2020 in Wuhan, along with two other critically ill patients with Covid-19 who were also seen in the same ICU. Coagulopathy and antiphospholipid antibodies were seen in all three patients. #COVID19
Two weeks ago he blocked G7 statement by insisting it refer to the ‘Wuhan virus’—and the other foreign ministers refused to go along.  …
A study from Wuhan, China showed favorable  for SARS-CoV-2 positive neonates. Thanks to @EmoryMedicine MS4s Heather Lin & Rebecca Steinberg (creators), @cg_coleman (graphics), Peds ID fellow Madeleine Goldstein (peer review) #EducationInTheTimeOfCOVID 
First Documentary Movie On The Origin Of The #CCPvirus: Tracking Down The Origin Of The Wuhan 
Where is Wuhan whistleblower Dr. Ai Fen? She disappeared after publicly criticizing Chinese authorities for censoring the Wuhan doctors who tried to give early warning of the coronavirus in December and for continuing to suppress the true number of deaths. 
51 recovered coronavirus patients test positive again in South Korea. Doctors in Wuhan, where the virus first originated, previously said as many as 10% of those assumed to have recovered had tested positive again. So much for ‘herd immunity’.  …
A spectacular light show lit up Wuhan to celebrate the city's reopening and the workers who helped fight the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The liberal media, and their dopey friends at Media “Matters,” are panicking as they desperately try to rewrite, and retcon, the history of their own reporting on the Wuhan Virus. Don’t worry hacks, we won’t forget. 
Covering for China: @GordonGChang condemns the W.H.O. for politicizing the Wuhan virus and helping spread China’s lies about the deadly contagion. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs  …
Dr. Ai Fen’s disappearance was presumed from an abrupt end to postings on her Weibo account after she protested the censoring of the Wuhan doctor coronavirus whistleblowers. Her postings have since resumed. It’s unclear what government-imposed limitations she is living under.
But when the Coronavirus is God's punishment for America diving Israel, why did God start in Wuhan in China?  …
People in China are starting  out. Wuhan is opening up and sending hundreds of thousands of residents across the country. A lot of ppl have stopped wearing masks, as the CCP has told them the virus has gone. This WILL NOT end well....
WATCH: A light show lit up the night sky in Wuhan to mark the end of an 11-week lockdown 
Reanalysis of 640 swabs from Wuhan patients with flu-like symptoms collected Oct 2019-Jan 2020 reveals 9 positive for #SARSCoV2 from six different districts of Wuhan as early as Jan 4,  transmission by early January.  …
April a flight "from" Wuhan arrives carrying 90 tonnes of medical supplies for the Australian Gov. The only concern EEEK will they bring the virus to Australia. February a flight leaves Australia with medical supplies for Wuhan for the Chinese Gov. HOW DARE THEY #Auspol
16) The next day, January 15th, the patient who would  the first confirmed U.S. case left Wuhan and arrived in the U.S. carrying the virus. H/T @M2Madness  
15) As late a January 14th, the City of Wuhan denied the existence of any cases. The World Health Organization echoed the position of the Chinese Government, saying there was no evidence of human-to-human transmission of Covid-19 in Wuhan.  
When the people of Wuhan and elsewhere across China have wanted to share lockdown anxieties, seek advice or simply vent, many have turned to one of the country's most famous Wuhan hero: Li Wenliang, the whistleblower doctor who died Feb. 7.  …
Seems clear that Q is confirming that on Jan 15, USA was attacked on two fronts; bioweapon and political weapon. Did Pelosi know ahead of time about US patient zero, the infected traveler from Wuhan, China?
Subverting America: Lou says the Radical Dems and Natl Left-Wing media are running down our country & aligning themselves with America’s enemies while @POTUS fights the Wuhan virus pandemic. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
Our leaders, we hope, have realised that the world is such a small place and that a sneeze in faraway Wuhan, China, can make their favourite hospital bed in London unavailable.  …
Since the start of this outbreak, I’ve maintained that animal-to-human transmission or a “good science, bad safety” accidental breach in a lab studying coronavirus—like the one in Wuhan—are the most likely origin scenarios. Too bad he couldn’t be bothered to ask. 
Michigan continues its lightening trend. I'm still concerned about Detroit surroundings and Flint. But feeling like the surge may flatten (but extend duration). Now the question: will we trace Wuhan or Lombardy from here? 
Q-2/8 THE TRUTH WILL SHOCK THE WORLD This is evil-Nancy held the articles of impeachment until Jan 15th when the first confirmed U.S. case leaves Wuhan and arrives in the U.S. carrying the #coronavirus Stop Potus Rally(s),econ gains #AmericaWorksTogether  
People in #Wuhan have advice for anyone living under some form of lockdown now across the world : “No matter where you live, you need to remain healthy, avoid panicking and find a way to enrich yourself during this period of time when your world seems to have   …
People poured into the streets of Wuhan, China, today after the government lifted a nearly 11-week ban on most travel outside the home  
Here’s a paper analyzing “non-official” Chinese data — the Tencent leak, Wuhan crematorium testimonies, etc:  …
Harris Poll finds that 77% of Americans blame China for the spread of Wuhan Flu. I say, it's about time the American people held someone responsible instead of our President, which the Democrats and their Media spawns are spreading with their China Propaganda Machine.
I am Chinese American. I haven't experienced any "racism" due to Wuhan coronavirus anywhere: banks, stores, dentists, and post offices. People have been wonderful. What Asian people need to watch out for is the attacks on Asians orchestrated by the CCP for propaganda purposes.  …
China is pretending to be the good guys by sending 15 doctors to Nigeria. At the same time chasing hundreds of Nigerians from their hotels and business places because of the wuhan virus they created. This is SAD! RT this! 
HORRIFICCoronavirus patients in the Chinese city where the pandemic originated, Wuhan, were put in body bags and burned alive at a funeral home, Radio Free Asia reported. #COVID19  …
Here is the research paper by Bat Woman ‘She Zhengli’ & other Chinese scientists at Wuhan Institute of Virology (February 2020) - “Remdesivir and chloroquine effectively inhibit the recently emerged novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in vitro” -  …
Last but not least, all eyes on Wuhan, which lifted lockdown last night, 7 weeks after peak daily deaths. Traffic levels already rising in our tracker Question is whether or not the region will see a second wave in cases Follow our lockdown tracker:  
Sunderland man in Wuhan now believes he is safer in China  home to the UK.  …
11. Nice find, @M2Madness! 15 Jan > House delivered articles of impeachment. No coincidence same day 1st confirmed US case left Wuhan to return to US. Dems would KILL to regain power. They will hold next relief bill hostage to get election laws changed.  
Wuhan's #coronavirus #lockdown is over - but the people of the Chinese city haven't yet returned to normal 
China Lifts Its Lockdown on Coronavirus Epicenter Wuhan 
So let’s keep eye out for the reporters and Editors. To make sure they’re still alive! Lying Asses. Official Chinese Newspaper Reports Chance Of 10-20K New Cases In Wuhan. It’s Quickly Deleted. | The Daily Wire  …
Flights from Wuhan, China landing at London Heathrow while Brits are under drone surveillance for walking their dogs. Brilliant. 
The Wuhan CoV (COVID-19) S-protein shares an almost identical 3-D structure in its RBD domain with SARS-CoV S-protein. Although relatively weaker than SARS-CoV, the Wuhan CoV S-protein has a strong binding affinity to human ACE2 receptors.
#KnowCovid19 - Fact Check Since the breakout of Novel Coronavirus in Wuhan District, China, over 1 million people have been infected, while 319,999 people made full recovery and 87,731 died from  In total, Africa has recorded a total of 11,324 cases 1/2 
Yep, just a few weeks after Trump’s research team was pulled from the Wuhan lab. Not a coincidence.  …
Holy crap. At least as far back as November, U.S. intelligence officials were sounding the alarm about a contagion sweeping through Wuhan, China. The warnings, detailed in an intel report, were not heeded. 
As far back as late November, U.S. intelligence officials warned a contagion was sweeping through China’s Wuhan region, changing patterns of life and business and posing a threat to the population, sources briefed on the secret reporting tell @ABC. 
Americans still claim to doubt what China is reporting. Have they not heard that the lockdown in Wuhan has been lifted and people are going on about their normal business?
Wuhan was under lockdown for 76 days, now a mix of fear and cautious optimism hangs over the city.  …
#Wuhan has reopened after more than 10 weeks in #lockdown But life in the epicenter of the #coronavirus is still far from normal. Meantime the #WHO warns against #politics but is the #health organization being #china centric? Discussed with @GordonGChang & QB @billhemmer 
Did coronavirus leak from a research lab in Wuhan?Startling new theory is 'no longer discounted'  …
This timeline has been updated with an @ABC report on a November intelligence briefing on a contagion in Wuhan Province...This means the Trump Administration had a significant head start over those relying on public reports had they chosen to act.   …
Wuhan people line up in front of hospitals in Wuhan waiting to get #COVID19 tests and CT scans, which are essential certificates for them to enter other Chinese cities.  
So Wuhan has removed lockdown measures as long as the resident has an application on their smartphone  data tracking and government surveillance.  to the new world order.
Let's hold the left and the so-called "experts" to their original fear mongering prediction that 2.5 Million Americans would die from Wuhan virus. We need to stop allowing them to move the goal posts. So when millions don't die Trump needs to be given credit for preventing it
A day after China reported 0 new deaths, Wuhan tries to ease back into normal life. Travel restrictions were lifted, allowing health workers and thousands of citizens to finally return to their homes. 
#Wuhan has lifted outbound travel restriction on April 8. A spectacular light show lit up Wuhan to celebrate the city's reopening and people who helped fight the #COVID19 
With masks still on, Wuhan citizens go out for exercise, shopping and picnics on the first day after the city lifted the lockdown. Many newlyweds also chose this day to register.  
A British teacher living in the coronavirus epicentre Wuhan says he is relieved to have opted against returning to the UK  …
American News Outlets Air Chinese Propaganda Footage Of Wuhan  …
Wuhan has been the hardest-hit in China, with 70,000 #Covid19 infections and more than 2,500 deaths. The city of 11 million has celebrated the end of a 76-day lockdown, paying tribute to medical workers, troops and police officers. Read more:  
#Gravitas | The Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak has triggered a debate. Experts are split on whether or not a mask can defeat the coronavirus. What should you do? @palkisu brings you the 
Wuhan, China. Jan 18, 2020. The virus already spread, but the Chinese government covered it up. More than 40,000 families participated in this banquet. Is this part of the reason the outbreak was so explosive in Wuhan? Photo from  
Growing list of countries furious with China's faulty WUHAN virus equipment China creates the poison and sells the solution to it...AT A PREMIUM The anti china drumbeat grows louder Chinas lies falling apart @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
The pandemic has been horrific. And it's Trump's fault. Remember: "Two months before the novel coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, China, Trump ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program." Closed the Wuhan office.  …
The WHO, Wuhan Health Organization has totally betrayed society. They actually did far more harm than good.
There is a mass exodus happening in Wuhan right now...65 THOUSAND people just bailed  …
Indians in China’s Wuhan say, lockdown, self-isolation only ways to fight #COVID19  
#EverydayHero Many of the country's top epidemiologists and physicians, members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, worked in #Wuhan, the city hardest hit by the #COVID_19 epidemic in 
As far back as late November, U.S. intelligence officials were warning that a contagion was sweeping through China's Wuhan region, changing the patterns of life and posing a threat to the population, according to four sources briefed on the reporting.  …
#Gravitas | China has lifted the lockdown in Wuhan after 76 days. More than 55,000 people left the city within hours of the restrictions being lifted. @palkisu tells you 
#Gravitas | More than 1.4 million people in the world have been infected by the Wuhan Coronavirus. @palkisu brings you the latest 
Today, the first day reopening #Wuhan, someone suddenly fell on the street Notice how the Chinese don't care about their fellow citizens. Imagine what they think of you 
BREAKING: Chinese nationals are still entering US thru a travel ban loophole allowing entry if last time they were in China (even Wuhan) was over 14 days ago, CBP  So they can stop over in another nation w no ban & continue on to US w/o even HHS testing/quarantine
US intel apparently knew about coronavirus spread in late November before outbreak in Wuhan (~ December 10th)  …
The city of Wuhan, China, where the first public coronavirus case was detected, lifted its strict lockdown measures on Wednesday 
Today, on the first day of lifted lockdowns in Wuhan (April 8th) a man collapsed outside of a Huawei store on Dazhi Road in Hankou, Wuhan. He doesn't appear to be breathing and the reaction of the first responders is not good. How long until Wuhan is locked down again? 
On February 4 — one week before the World Health Organization decided to officially name this virus “COVID-19” — the journal Cell Research posted a notice written by scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology about the virus, concluding,
Honda back to work in China's Wuhan with temperature checks and masks - Reuters  …
Wuhan Car Sales Rebound Give Hope to Battered Auto Industry - Bloomberg  …
WHERE is Huang Yanling? More questions emerge as Wuhan Lab researchers' info is scrubbed from internet. *researchers were studying bats/ coronaviruses *Hydrochloroquine was listed as a treatment by the doctors in China long before WHO declared pandemic  …
China's Wuhan lifts #coronavirus lockdown  — in 
If you believe that the USA has more deaths caused by COVID-19 then China, then I have a bridge to sell you in Wuhan. #CoronavirusPandemic 
Tens of thousands of people traveled out of Wuhan, China, after its 76-day lockdown was lifted on Wednesday. It's a milestone for the city — but it's also prompting fears of a possible second wave of infections. 
More than 10,000 travelers departed Wuhan, China, by plane on April 8 as the city reopened after months of lockdown 
Immediately before the help in white suits turned up. Wuhan, China. 
At long last | #Wuhan goes rainbow-coloured on first post-lockdown day 
FLASH: China has  train operations in Wuhan the origin of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic. Here are pictures of people waiting for trains in after the 60day lockdown was lifted. 65,000 people have now already left the city. 
Has China really dealt with their outbreak of coronavirus? This is Wuhan, today on its reopening. 
China ends its coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan with a light show. 
