Our nation’s leaders are getting this wrong, we just learned that 15% of healthcare workforce in Wuhan landed in ICUs or seriously ill. I’m going on cable news networks tomorrow to emphasize our nation’s vulnerability. If healthcare force in America goes down, we’re done
New official daily coronavirus numbers from China are out 3 new cases in all of China outside Hubei 5 new cases in all of Hubei outside Wuhan 565 new cases in Wuhan Real or fake? Who knows  …
Actually, I think he should go to China and figure out how to solve this thing. And he should take Ivanka. I hear Wuhan is the perfect place for a great photo-op.
Midnight footage taken at a Wuhan quarantined  full-equipped staffs removing a dead neighbor from home In Wuhan, considerable amount of people died at home, which are not counted in the official death toll. #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  02
Health experts hosted a fictional coronavirus pandemic three months before the actual coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan began! Biological materials were smuggled to a Wuhan university level 4 lab before the outbreak allegedly broke out at the fish market!  …
"In around 2020 a severe pneumonia-like illness will spread throughout the globe" "They call the stuff 'Wuhan-400' because it was developed at their RDNA labs outside of the city of Wuhan" "Known  inaffective against this FUNGUSLIKE, ...contagious disease" 
Lahore airport's plan to stop the spread of coronavirus? Force all international passengers (while restrained in a small area, partially on a staircase with no queues) to fill out a form self-declaring if they have any symptoms or have travelled to Wuhan. 
“I never imagined that this would hit our home.” In China's war with the coronavirus, Zuoling, a suburb of Wuhan, offers a somber lesson in how the country's vast effort to contain the virus left  acutely vulnerable 
The Canadian genome was sequenced by @CDCofBC using @NetworkArtic protocol. It was collected from BC on Feb 16 and is the first sequenced travel export from Iran. This groups most closely with a Shandong virus, but it is still consistent with WuhanIranBC transmission. 2/4 
This is Eason Shen, one of 150 Australians still stuck in Wuhan. The Turramurra Public student has not seen his parents in a month and has a message for the government. "I miss my friends, I miss my teacher, I want to go back to Australia". #coronavirus  
Left Behind But Not Broken – A Nigerian In Wuhan  
When will we get unrestricted reporting from Wuhan, China? Do NOT believe China state run media. I know we’ve had a few western (BBC, NBC, SKY) reports from China WITH their Chinese government minders. Wuhan has 11MM people! We need real information, not propaganda. #COVID19
Full genomic sequence analysis of all SAR-CoV-2 strains shows the 1 sequenced American strain maps solidly among the #Wuhan viruses, suggesting it came from China. But this @AIDigest analysis was done before the latest Calif cases. 
#Coronavirus: Nasa images show #China pollution clear amid slowdown " #Nasa scientists said the reduction in levels of nitrogen dioxide-a noxious gas emitted by vehicles & industrial facilities-was first apparent near the source of the outbreak in #Wuhan"  …
Again,  back to our front line healthcare workers: New report @JAMA_current finds 14.8% of >1,000 Wuhan healthcare workers seriously/critically ill...Our leaders seem oblivious to the fact that if we start landing docs/nurses in ICUs it's game over   …
"I felt powerless and helpless." Calls from inside Wuhan in China show what life is like at the centre of the worldwide #coronavirus outbreak. Follow the latest on #COVID19 here as more cases are confirmed in the UK:  
#UPDATE The new #coronavirus has now hit 61 countries across the globe, with more than 2,900 people killed and nearly 86,000 infected since it was first detected in the central Chinese city of Wuhan late last year  
Seasonal flu kills about 0.1% who  infected. The 1918 flu had a 2% fatality rate. It killed tens of millions of people. Early estimates of the #COVID19 death rate from Wuhan, China, were around 2%. New England Journal of Medicine now estimates: 1.4%  …
I believe Trump should travel to Wuhan, China immediately with Pence, Pompeo, Mulvaney, Guiliani, Junior, Ivanka, Eric, & Jared. Let's show the American people that this "new hoax" isn't going to stop our trade partnership with China.
More concerning to ME is that the high schooler is from Everett. The nursing home is in Kirkland: 20 miles from Everett. Our very first confirmed case was a Wuhan traveler in Everett. And that was January 21st. Which implies this has been circulating at LEAST a month.
Canadian press conference on Wuhan-19 today. Trudeau wasn't there. Was run by people who know what they're talking about. No one lied. Gave accurate count of those infected. Huh. So it is possible.
I’ve been in China for past week for business. I am a long long way from Wuhan, but it’s been fascinating to see just  the response to Covid19 is on the ground here, from individuals & Govt. NZ could never in a thousand years respond as well as has happened here.
Wuhan is pretty much good now. To really prove the hoax they should go to Italy.
Based on data from Wuhan the 80% may be optimistic -- it looks like 25%+ have "Severe Disease" requiring long hospitalization... That is, of course, much worse than flu. It's not in Ebola or H5N1 territory, but an outbreak in any US town or city wld tax hospitals beyond capacity.
Cryin Chuckles The Clown deleted this post because he has Egg Fu Yung on his Face. Chuckles I will pay to send you to Wuhan to do your idiotic “check & balance” immediately! Thank God for President Trump! 
So US may have 140K tests in 2 weeks. China did that many tests per province outside Wuhan. But maybe in 2wks we'll have better idea of how bad we've let it get in US due to not testing.  …
I've worked extensively in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Beijing and Wuhan. Many times I've been there the pollution has been above 500 i.e. off the scale. Most of the time I have been there I've never seen the sun and they say f*ck #GretaThunberg  …?
What’s it like to be homeless in #Wuhan? Unable to get out and nowhere to stay. Here’s an interview done by 人物 magazine. This isn’t a typical homeless story and it does have a happy ending, but still worth reading.  … #COVID2019 #China 
A lot of skepticism here since I don’t know this account, but looks similar to Wuhan in many ways.  …
A follow-up on these two that’s worth the read. After posting that Fox News clip, felt bad for piling on the dude. Quick version — father and daughter left Wuhan together, so they’d both been in quarantine. The interview behavior makes a BIT more sense  …
5. Because how our healthcare system will be jammed by COVID19 patients, NO TREATMENT extends to many other diseases. Expect no dentistry, no surgery, no dialysis etc. for a few months during the acute phase of the outbreak. (That happened in Wuhan) (10/x no treatment)
Massive reduction in greenhouse gases emission from China Wuhan due to 
Scenes similar to Wuhan: Boy seen collapsing on a Tehran street with breathing problems. The original tweep called an ambulance  (via @Ehsanmonajati ) #Covid19
The new coronavirus came out of a ‘wet market’ in Wuhan. We don’t know its animal origin, but we do know that if we protect wildlife habitats, animal microbes are less likely to cross over into humans.  …
In the US? 69. 3 people evacuated from Wuhan. 44 people evacuated from the Diamond Princess. 22 people who were diagnosed in the US. I think 13 of those were people infected abroad, & 9 infected in the US. I think 6 of those  spread cases — 2 from Calif, 4 from WA.
THREAD: 1/3 This book was published in 1981...talks about the “Wuhan-400” used as a biological weapon in 2020! Fact or fiction? 
A classic Belgian story: The single Belgian case of Coronavirus was cured, after being repatriated from Wuhan. His next move? Going to ITALY. That's right, he was in the world's epicenter, got infected, recovered, THEN WENT STRAIGHT TO THE EUROPEAN EPICENTER!
ABOUT 350 Zimbabwean students in Wuhan, China, the epicentre of the deadly coronavirus hv made a distress call for evacuation, accusing President E D’s government of neglecting them at a time neighbouring S.A has announced plans to repatriate its 199 nationals - Nehanda Radio
Your link announces a Gates Foundation grant to fund a Livestock Antibody Hub at The Pirbright Institute in the U.K. How does this support your claim that “Coronavirus is man-made” at a Gates-funded lab in Wuhan? And where do George Soros & the Pope fit in to this evil plan?
FOOD FOR THOUGHT Why would Soros warn @POTUS of potential economic doom just days after the 1st known coronavirus patient returned from a Wuhan China visit January 15th? Soros has been outraged with the trade deal @realDonaldTrump made with  …
For 100 points and #airwaytwitter prize of the week , name the video laryngoscope used in this video of the Wuhan intubation team . Kudos to them all for being on frontline of contagion and sharing what they learn !  …
Trump is categorically, deliberately lying about the number of confirmed #coronavirus cases in the US. There have been at minimum 68 confirmed cases of patients infected w/ #COVID19. NOT A HOAX: On January 31, HHS declared Wuhan coronavirus a public health emergency in the US.  …
Chris please save us from the Trump admin's disinformation campaign. Send MSNBC's reporters directly to where it all started: Wuhan. We need to get to the bottom of this story  …
At least this one coffee shop is left open in #Wuhan. These guys volunteer to send coffees to doctors for free in nearby hospitals 
OI MFKAS HOW MANY VIEWS YALL THINK A 5 EPISODE HOSPITAL SERIES + STREAMS WOULD GET IF I WENT AND GOT CORONA VIRUS FUCK YOU MEAN WE LEFT THE VIEWS IN WUHAN
We these beautiful drawings! They're from children who travelled to Canada from #Wuhan, China, and  a quarantine period at CFB Trenton, where they received support from the Red Cross. 
#China In #Wuhan, a couple was watching TV at night and they noticed something creepy happening in their opposite apartment: personnel in hazmat suits collecting dead bodies. 
Wuhan's initial reaction was to suppress info. Authorities even held a banquet for 40,000 families in pursuit of Guinness World Record. A doctor who early sounded the alarm was detained and accused of disrupting public order. Vindicated, he has since died of the virus.
This is what daily life is like for an American living in Wuhan, China, under coronavirus lockdown 
COVID-19 The Eyes of Darkness, 1981. WUHAN-400. Not the first to post this, get your looking glass out and read. Weird coincidence! .  …
Coronavirus was created in a lab in Wuhan.
How many Chinese spies were in Wuhan before they went to Mar-a-Lago in February? Rough estimate. @WhiteHouse @WHNSC @PressSec
 here's a pretty morbid #COVID19 task for you: how much of #Wuhan's apartments are unlit?  …
To most Hong Kong citizens, fear for Wuhan virus is no match for the terror of HK police  …
At first, Chinese officials in Wuhan, where the coronavirus started, "claimed that the new lethal pneumonia...was not jumping from person to person. When that was exposed as a lie, local officials arrested and threatened the first doctors to expose it." 
I'm more worried about a stock market crash, a collapse in supply chains, and a socialist being elected president. Not technically Wuhan virus, but related.
 liberals like Wu-Tang clan but hate Wuhan province?
Only 4 new cases outside Wuhan. Assuming China isn’t lying it looks like things are mostly under control. It appears the two week quarantine & local precautions have helped to slow the spread of the virus. Italy & Iran should take similar containment measures. 
Wuhan man details what it feels like to have coronavirus  
Every evangelical who believes Coronavirus is a hoax should go on a missionary to Wuhan and help everyone who’s been quarantined without food or access to medicine. It’s the Christian thing to do, right?
If you believe Coronavirus is a hoax, fly out to Wuhan or shut the fuck up
Pretty amazing that Italy has more confirmed coronavirus cases than Hunan province. Surely, a result of the massive Wuhan -> Milan migratory pattern, and  between Wuhan and Hunan. Makes sense.  …
ATTENTION CONSERVATIVES! Stand by our president AND stick it to the liberals! Mr. Trump says the coronavirus is a hoax! Prove him right! 1) Never wash your hands! 2) Stick your fingers in your mouth alot! 3) Vacation in picturesque Wuhan! Make those snowflakes melt!
The Wuhan shake ..Good to see the sense of humour is still around .. 
They have released new different genetically modified strains of the virus - different from Wuhan strain - in key strategic areas
Says a guy working with Wire.....Irony took a flight to Wuhan!  …
We estimated 4000-19000 #COVID19 cases in Wuhan prior to quarantine, based on only sequence data. Our R0 estimate is in agreement with case count estimates. @ETH_en  …
“The causes of this pandemic are poverty, lack of healthcare, and lack of protection for nature, at global levels. Even tiny actions—like someone in Wuhan eating a bat—can have catastrophic global consequences. Therefore, we should all want a fairer 
The Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak has  a wake-up call for  about the risks of dependence on China.  …
The storage of daily necessities in #Wuhan is generally sufficient to meet residents' demands during the city's lockdown, vice-mayor Xu Honglan said on Saturday. #COVID19
Hot beds of Coronavirus - Wuhan, Iran, South Korea, Italy, France. All having temperature between 5-15 °.
All 112 evacuees including 76 Indians brought from Wuhan to Delhi test negative for novel #Coronavirus. For more News in details #NewsAtNine:  …
People in China found another way to greet since they can't shake hands. The Wuhan Shake. I love how people can adapt and keep a sense of humor about stressful situations. 
Yes, Bill. You have nothing to worry about. I suggest you take a nice long stroll through Wuhan ASAP.
The 11 cases were evacuees from Wuhan & the cruise ship. These are not new cases. And Trump was referring to tweets exactly like yours when he said the Democrats have their new hoax. Maybe stop giving him excuses.  …
Case fatality rates reported: 3.8% overall; 5.8% in Wuhan, 0.7% elsewhere in China. Also highest early in the outbreak and fell over time. /14
Exactly this happened in another totalitarian regime. The doctor who first talked about the threat in Wuhan China December 2019, was prosecuted by the police. Trump's #COVIDFEFE_19 costs human  …
Tear gas can't stop Hong Kong people. Wuhan virus(COVID2019) can't stop Hong Kong people. Hong Kong people will fight for freedom till the end. #StandwithHongKong 
Translation" "Reminder: January 25th, when the virus still only existed in China, Tzuyu who was on holiday in Taiwan already send her regards to Wuhan's medical staff. She should be among the earliest celeb to do so+
"Epicenter - 24 hours in Wuhan", the CGTN's documentary paints a human  story of Chinese people's fight against #COVID19. WATCH THE FULL  …
Couple major differences, but still freaky. 1. Wuhan is the city where Coronavirus started. 2. Two notable first patients were named Li & Chen (Li Wenliang & Chen Qiushi).  …
ICU nurse: "I want to tear off my suit and jump into the water" After several hours of work in Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan, the protective suit and the goggles were making nurse Chen Jing breathless, and her body was soaked in sweat. 
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  02
In the book Eyes of Darkness, Dean Koontz talk about a 2020 pandemic of a virus created in Wuhan China This is all a FF Patriots are in control & ahead of the curve We will not be fooled #Qanon #Qanons #Coronavid19 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusKe  …
In #Wuhan, while watching TV at home, a couple found this was happening in the apartment opposite theirs. So they recorded this and said this was not the first time. Do you see how many apartments  dark? #COVID19 #coronavirus 
On the ishuuu lof corona, Always remember WUHAN: W- Wash hands with soap and water frequently. U- Use a facemask if you attend to sick people. H- Hand sanitisers are key. A- Avoid overcrowded places. N- Never touch your face/nose/mouth unnecessarily. And don’t allow others too.
112 people, housed at quarantine facility in Delhi after being evacuated from Wuhan in China, tested negative for #coronavirus: Official. #COVID19
This is the dumbest thing to have not looked up weeks ago, but my understanding of the meaning of the outbreak in Wuhan was transformed when I realized there are more people living in the city limits than there are in NYC — 50,000 infected is a low share of the population.
Good news! A 93-year-old woman infected with novel #coronavirus pneumonia recovered and was discharged from Union Hospital affiliated to Huazhong University of Science and Technology in #Wuhan. 
#COVID19 Photos of  service worker carrying dozens of bags of medicine on him in #Wuhan has gone viral on Chinese social media. He helps residents with chronic diseases in  by going out to buy medicine they need more:  
Imagine waking up tomorrow and you find yourself in Wuhan, China...
It's no longer news that the dreaded Corona virus is in the country Quick one,do you know the Corona-Virus epidemic began in a seafood and poultry market in Wuhan Well now you do Anyways here are tips to stay safe and Corona virus free  …
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 23 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
This is fascinating (if you’re into this kind of thing): Urban #Wuhan: Population density ≈ 6000 people/km2 Reproduction number (R0) = 3.7 #DiamondPrincess: Population density ≈ 24,400 people/km2 (4 times higher) Initial R0 = 14.8 - also 4 times  …
Key takeaway from @caixin’s bombshell report: A  and at least one doctor knew that a SARS-like coronavirus was responsible for the mysterious pneumonia cases in Wuhan by Dec. 27—two weeks before state media announced the coronavirus link.  …
#China Vegetables donated to #Wuhan were not sent into Wuhan & left to rot on the roadside. Chinese officials consider selling overpriced vegetables to Chinese citizens under lockdown to be a profitable business. Donation harm their profit and is banned. 
Single nurse, 30, asks China to 'assign' her a boyfriend as a reward for helping Wuhan fight killer coronavirus 
Hospital wedding: Nurse couple marry amid #coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan  
#PRC officials say they care about our health as if we're blood relatives. But while #Taiwan is dealing with #COVID19 originating from #Wuhan, their cyber warriors are waging war to disrupt our efforts. So this is epidemic fighting with Chinese characteristics. I'm speechless. JW 
An elderly couple aged over 70 are reunited in a ward in Wuhan after not seeing each other for more than 10 days. #coronavirus 
Highlight: "It just makes no sense that the government refused to conduct throat swab tests on Indonesian students evacuated from Wuhan but is paying millions of dollars to some YouTubers to boost tourism."  …
A post-90s nurse, Wang Hong, records her typical day at a gymnasium-converted temporary hospital in central China's Wuhan 
Four Tibetan singers from northwest China's Qinghai sing for Wuhan, sending a message of love, hope and solidarity 
#coronavirusinlagos: Thought chloroquine was the cure for this #COVID19Nigeria? Or are we in short supply? Anyway, get a face mask, gloves and stay healthy. Don't panic, as even in Wuhan (the worst hit city) there are still many people without the virus.
A deep bow: a 78-year-old #coronavirus patient thanks medical staff when being discharged from hospital in Wuhan. 
To Dears in China especially Wuhan, JIA YOU 加油 ! We're with you! We don't forget or leave you! Stay strong, protect yourself every time Keep fighting! #weareone #dearsunited #praying4CNdears #China #beatthecovid19 #加油 
To Dears in China especially Wuhan, JIAYOU!! We're with you!! Dears is a strong family unit. When one family member is missing, it affects us all. Stay strong and protect yourselves. Keep fighting! 我們支持中國Dears #dimash #dearsunited 
The coronavirus will probably be a far less big threat in the West than it's made out to be, but the mild xenophobia that it's so far brought forth has proven that Asians are not immune to racism. Also pray for Wuhan. Written by: Louis Leung (  …
#IJCovid19 Lagos State Govt @jidesanwoolu and the Feds @NCDCgov @Fmohnigeria haven't done CALL OUTS to the  As early as mid January when Wuhan virus came out, many Chinese nationals came back to private physicians have been raking in millions treating them.
Did a 1981 Dean Koontz thriller predict the #coronavirus outbreak? Readers share extracts from novel which chillingly refers to deadly viral infection named after Wuhan. #DailyMail #COVID19Nigeria 
Li Zehua, a journalist who recently resigned from his job as a news anchor at China’s state-run CCTV to report as a citizen reporter on the front lines of the epidemic in Wuhan, was apparently detained by state security. 
New rule: any elected or appointed federal employee who says “coronavirus is a hoax” gets a non-refundable, non-negotiable, get-the-fuck-on-the-plane-now one-way ticket to Wuhan.
Major media have been covering the COVID-19 coronavirus since January, when a widespread outbreak began in Wuhan, China, before spreading globally. 
Kenyans in  suggesting they go to Wuhan and never return >>>>>>>>>>>>>  …
If Trump truly thinks #coronavirus is a #hoax, I formally invite him to go on a diplomatic mission to Wuhan & shake the hands of all the tens of thousands of crisis actors. Go ahead, Donny. Show us.
Inspired by citizen journalists, a Chinese state TV news presenter traveled to Wuhan, the #coronavirus epicenter, to report on the truth. He has just been arrested. Any suggestion that China’s disease control is “exemplary” appears increasingly  …
"...Trump's chief of staff Mick Mulvaney told the Conservative Political Action Conference [CPAC] that the #coronavirus was the #hoax of the day,” #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus #WUHAN #Propaganda @intellihubnews 
Here's our first statistical window onto how the Wuhan virus hit the Chinese economy. I suggest you read this sitting down.  …
If it’s a hoax, hold your next rally in Wuhan  …
The two faces of S. Korea's conservative Chosun Ilbo. In Korean, continues to call it "Wuhan coronavirus" while in English it's just "coronavirus". So lame. 
Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall were invited by LaLiga and Real Madrid to watch El Clásico as guests of honor. The team can't return to Wuhan due to the Coronavirus outbreak and were training in Sotogrande (Cádiz) in January #ElClásico 
China has so far sent over 30,000 medical workers to Wuhan. More than 10,000 are ICU medics, accounting for 10 percent of the entire country's critical care specialists. CGTN's @Bossebosse84 follows one of them from the last defense line for critically ill patients. 
DUTERTE: 'If PH can't be self-reliant, choose: Be a US Territory, or China's province.' But why 2 choices ONLY? Either we choose to be "spokening" dollar, or "chinesing" Wuhan virus? SO, BASICALLY, ACCDG. TO PYSCHO RODRIGO: 'Choose any province/territory, except our country.' 
Commission for @DBH_ato hosting @DBH__petit TYSM for inviting me! Donated all i gained from it to Wuhan fighting against the outbreak. Just a drop in the bucket but big things have small beginnings. Wish every human in the world good health, strong heart, and win this war 
A video of a Chinese girl giving out masks in Tokyo has gone viral on social media. In the video, she is wearing a headpiece of a baby deer doll and holding a cardboard box with the Japanese words "Gratitude from Wuhan" on it. #FightVirus 
"The CDC reports those infected with the coronavirus include nine from the Diamond Princess cruise ship, one from the Wuhan group of quarantined passengers and one that was transferred from the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar in San Diego, Calif."
Read this heartbreaking reconstruct of what happened to the residents of a Wuhan neighborhood. How the leadership’s top-down campaign deprived residents of food supplies, medical care and labor during crucial weeks. A cautionary tale via @amyyqin 
Two months of quarantine has led my grandma in Wuhan to pick her piano practice back up. In this video, she’s playing “My Motherland and Me,” one of her all-time favorites. My grandpa, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s years ago, is sitting on the couch, napping. 
Funny how Schmucky Schumer deleted this tweet when he realized @realDonaldTrump was right to impose a travel ban to and from Wuhan China and other hard hit areas. #Coronavid19 #VoteDemsOut  
"China has unleashed 60 Ghz throughout the country with WUHAN as the PILOT CITY.  to symptoms 'showing' as  vs what happens when one is hit with 60GHz waves and it's impact on the uptake of oxygen via hemoglobin." #coronavirusus
So I'm hearing about this book from 1981 that talks about coronavirus happening in 2020 made by one of the bast horror authors of our time Dean Koontz. It was called Wuhan 400 as at then and is meant to be a biological weapon of some sort. #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Now that Trump claims that the Corona Virus is a "Hoax" by Democrats, I assume he'll be holding his next campaign rally at the quarantine ward in California, and also paying a visit to Wuhan to make his next speech about his Chinese trade deal, right? #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
To boost confidence, Trump should schedule a trip to China and visit Wuhan.
Thank goodness the coronavirus was just a hoax. I was worried this plane ticket to Wuhan, China might go to waste.
Well, if it's just a hoax then Trump should personally visit Wuhan and conduct an investigation.
How people in Wuhan kiss  …
As many people have pointed out, #CCP is now trying to put blame on Japan regarding COVID-19. Unbelievable. It’s been their tactics for decades. I knew it  Let’s not get tricked by PRC. Wuhan pneumonia started in PRC. They are trying to add the word “Japanese” to it.
Number of new coronavirus cases in South Korea (population 51 million) in past half-day: 594 Number of new coronavirus cases in all of China besides Wuhan in past full day (population 1.4 billion): 7
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital sees more recovered patients #COVID-19  …
China reports 427 new coronavirus cases and 47 fatalities, mostly from Wuhan  
New official case numbers in from China. IMO, they're basically saying they've eliminated the virus outside the city of Wuhan. Only 7 new cases in China outside Wuhan. (3 in Hubei province outside Wuhan, and 4 in China outside Hubei.) No idea if true.  …
Chinese mainland reports 427 new infections today. Only 7 cases outside Wuhan. Keep declining!
CORONAVIRUS: Residents of Wuhan, China, epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, speak out about being under lockdown for the past month. 
NEW: As the first cases of  transmission emerge in the US, the example of one Wuhan neighborhood ravaged by the #coronavirus shows how a slow govt response can make a bad situation exponentially worse. @suilee @zzoemoee & Amber  …
Hey @SenSchumer to protest this atrocity, and to show your love of all immigrants, why don’t you go on a month long trip to China? Be sure to stop at the Wuhan wet market for a truly enriching cultural experience Come to think of it take @SpeakerPelosi with you too RT 
The story gets even worse! I went to the article on FuxNews and found out that they left China after the grandfather (the girl's mom's dad) died of #coronavirus. They were in Wuhan to take care of him after the grandma died. 
“We had planned to get together with our relatives during the holiday,” David said. “My emotions right now are hard to describe.” David said he will never forget the experience of being evacuated from #Wuhan and reaching safety in #SanDiego,  …
Man Annoyed He No Longer Even Able To Go To Wuhan To Eat Bats Without Mom Freaking Out  
This is probably the first time a story about me by @AnnenbergMedia. We try to refrain from interviewing our own staff as much as possible, but I hope this exception, due to my close relationship to the center of #coronavirus, Wuhan, could be helpful.  …
We're a few days away from Trump blaming California's sanctuary city policy and/or homeless population for our growing number of #COVIDー19 cases. Of course, these were caused by Trump admin bumbling of evacuation from Wuhan. @thespybrief @ericgarland @MingGao26 @xeni
The coronavirus is disrupting many conferences, from F8's cancellation to downsizing at GDC. Run The World, a live online event platform, announced it's waiving set-up fees for affected conferences. Next week, it's hosting a hackathon for Wuhan.  …
When are sending Rudy to Wuhan province to dig dirt on Coronavirus? Asking for 330 million Americans.
Closed what border early? The one between Wuhan, China and the US? WTF is he talking about?
This is a really touching doc abt the doctors fighting on the frontlines of the COVID-19 crisis in Wuhan. As Bruce Aylward of the WHO says near the end, the world is indebted to Wuhan for the role they've played in responding to and containing the virus  …
Students from Sudan and Yemen in Wuhan will be evacuated on March 1 under initiative sponsored by UAE, per embassies. Somali students who are stuck in Wuhan say they can benefit from the same initiative if the Somali govt engages UAE govt. @MofaSomalia @MinisterMOFA 
BREAKING: Chinese dissidents leak footage from the city of Wuhan. 
Coronavirus: Nigeria is the third African country to confirm a case A Ghanaian student, still in lockdown in Wuhan, describes the isolation And Resident President Olushambles bans motor-bikes #AfricaTodayPodcast Podcast 
Contrarian thought on Wuhan plague...it is a fake scare, hype like Ebola was. CDC was similarly reddit-tier  during that crisis, but it was overblown by them for political advantage...idea is that this is statistical sampling distortion, they only test sick/dying etc.
China is a country of 1.4 billion people, 3.7 million square miles in size Wuhan isn't even one of the top 3 largest cities in China (it's the 9th) The quarantine of anyone trying to return to the US from Wuhan was a massive media circus So yes, this is a stupid racist fear  …
The novel #coronavirus epidemic has been easing in China, including in the epicenter city of #Wuhan, in #Hubei province, but great uncertainties remain and epidemic control efforts must not  lax in any case, the nation's top health authority said on Friday. #COVID19
I will stop worrying about a Wuhan type situation here when our response to this stops looking like the Chinese response, i.e. keep the case numbers down by not testing:  …
Anybody Seen ThisWuhan-400 aka #Coronvirus ~Interesting 
"Wuhan, a very wealthy city by Chinese standards, with strong Western influences and with a very different climate to that of Beijing has always been a more difficult region to control – almost a hotbed of dissidents."  …
Model from Hong Kong who chose to stay in Wuhan for her boyfriend during coronavirus outbreak reveals people are facing food shortage due to the lockdown  …
I’m taking no position, but the more reports like this I see, the more plausible the theory that the virus escaped from the Wuhan bio-research facility  They covered up SARS & disaster ensued. Surely they wouldn’t repeat the exact same mistake ... unless they caused it.
Where did you get the $100milloon from? This is a bio engineered virus that was planted to stop the freedom uprising in China. Look up Wuhan virus. At worst you'll catch a cold unless you're 95 and  #Chillax
Read  on @BreitbartLondon: It is appalling that a Sky News anchor questioned Mike Pence's ability to lead the fight against Wuhan coronavirus because of his Christian beliefs. Would he have made  about a Jew, a Muslim or a Hindu?  …
High-speed trains parked in a rail yard in Wuhan (©柯皓 CNS) 
American Who Completed Coronavirus Quarantine Recalls Time in Wuhan: ‘It Was Scary’  …
So he received money from China to setup a lab in "Wuhan" (Corona Virus) yet also received $15m million in federal grants from the US Department of Defense. To me that suggests he develops things for the military - then suddenly a new virus is released??  …
This may be the most cogent explanation for CoVID-19 yet. Why did so many scientists raise the alarm on 5G? It interferes with oxygen intake and causes people to fall over. Wuhan was a pilot site for 5G rollout. As were S. Korea, Italy and Diamond Princess. #CoronaVirusUpdates
The new conspiracy theory of #CoronaVirus says China developed it as a biological weapon using stolen US resources. US sabotaged the Wuhan facility.
Thanks Fawad Rana for booking 11 tickets for Wuhan, China. ~PIA Pakistan
might do a Miller from the Expanse but with coronavirus. just  obsessed with a chinese blogger who has coronavirus, flying out to wuhan and being like "I'm sorry kid. We can go anywhere in the whole universe but you can't go home" to confused looks in the isolation ward 
It is interesting. Inside the wall , Chinese said #coronavirus  from American. May  from their P4 lab in Wuhan is much more convincing, i think. #COVID19 
Coronavirus: How it Entered Nigeria News that the Wuhan’s virus, COVID-19 has made its way into sub-Saharan Africa, making its debut in Nigeria has awakened fears in the region’s largest nation. #COVID19Nigeria 
#PhotoOfTheWeek: After 14 days in quarantine at #CFBTrenton, Canadians who were travelling from #Wuhan are heading home. We’re so thankful to our volunteers and staff who were there to help and wish everyone a safe trip home! 
If @SecPompeo thinks #coronavirus is a hoax, perhaps he’d like to take a brief vacation to Wuhan #PompousPompeo  …
Leaked docs from #coronavirus center Wuhan show local authorities have provided “working reports on how to control society.” They listed their goals as: - monitoring potential dissidents - preventing groups from assembling - punishing rumormongers  …
The #Trump admin + acolytes + @FoxNews : there's no real #COVID19 threat to US -- it's all being used by liberal media & #Democrats to hammer POTUS, make him lose reelection. Trump wing of #GOP threatens to fully politicize the epidemic. Makes Xi's early Wuhan response look good.  …
On the market, @genebsperling: "This is not irrational behavior by the market. They are looking at a dramatic fall in tourism and travel. They are looking at a dramatic disruption of the global supply chain that goes beyond the Wuhan region." #AMRstaff
 shipped 345k surgical masks and 200k gloves from the U.S. to medical non-profits in Wuhan last month. I’m so inspired by this teams work, thankful to all our partners who contributed and in absolute awe of the brave logistics providers on the ground there
A former Chinese CCTV employee has been arrested after he quit and went rogue to report on the situation in Wuhan  … via @daithaigilbert @vicenews
"It’s obvious that what the Chinese government wants is to cover up but not expose the real situation on the ground." @amnesty's @patrickpoon said after #China arrested #LiZeHua, 3rd citizen journalist in #Wuhan trying to cover #Coronavirus  …
How to deal with all the garbage from Huoshenshan makeshift hospital for critically ill #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan? Video reveals the strict process of disposing of these infectious waste. 
It was said this is the cry of the 2-year-old boy of Xia Sisi, a 29-year-old doctor of Union Hospital in #Wuhan, who died of #COVID2019 on Feb 23. The boy is screaming, "Mom! Don't go! Mom, I like you! Mom, Don't abandon me!" #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Li Zehua quit his job at state-run TV station CCTV to expose the reality of life inside the Wuhan lockdown zone. 
This dude quit his job at CCTV to document life inside Wuhan. Cops came for him today  … via @vice
If you want to know how interconnected the global economy is, somebody eating an uncooked bat in a market in Wuhan, a place I've never heard of, has obliterated my retirement plan. Thanks Nixon.
Asian American Journalists lAssociation ( @aaja ) releases statement for media to “exercise care in coverage” of #coronavirus such as images of Asians in masks w/out context Only show Chinatown if directly related to a news story Use of “Wuhan virus”  
The Americans who allegedly took care of Wuhan evacuees without proper protective gear were "admonished" and "accused of not being team players" when they raised safety concerns, according to a  about the incident. 
Ask him to volunteer to go on a trip to Wuhan...
Rapid rise in coronavirus cases contained in Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak  
An Arashi's fan posted this pic on weibo. She's working at Wuhan hospital. Her post says: "I hope the epidemic ends soon. I look forward to the Arashi concert in China" Original post:  
Wuhan, Wansongyuan Community, Jianghan District, Hubei province China In Wuhan, the epicenter of coronavirus outbreak, on February 23, an elderly man was seen skinning a hung cat in the street believed to be in front of a lamb restaurant. 
When inspecting #COVID2019 control in #Wuhan, new #CCP secretary finds over 400K severe and chronic patients have a problem getting medicine, as after #CoronavirusOutbreak, out of 216 medical institutions, only 30 can provide outpatient service...  
Forget this. Even if FA sanction for Liverpool to play their remaining matches in Wuhan before title is given to them, they will be on the next available flight to China. Nothing. Absolutely nothing can stop them.  …
Recovery rate of novel #coronavirus patients in severe condition has climbed significantly from 14% to 64% in #Wuhan, the epicenter of #COVID19, basically due to the increase in the number of hospital beds, a senior official said on 
Chinese doctor gives the BBC an insight into treating coronavirus in Wuhan  
UPDATE: The officer designated to follow up on students in Wuhan, Philip Kanyoonzi has confirmed the death of a Ugandan student, Shafiq Mbogo who was studying at Shenyang University Details follow in 
A patient of #coronavirus has died while staying at a local hotel in China designated for #self-quarantine. Staff from a #crematorium came to take away his body. His wife bid him farewell outside the hotel, wailing in grief. Location: #Wuhan City, #Hubei 
In 30 years, a series called ”Wuhan” will be released to great acclaim, as ”Chernobyl” last year, and people will say, ”I can‘t believe how Communists can be so evil, mendacious, and  And a new generation of Bernies and AOCs will be there proposing Socialism...
Are you kidding @CNN? You want U.S. to pay for China's #coronavirus bioweapon research at Wuhan P4 bioweapon lab? Did you ever ask when #coronavirus is weaponized, which enemy country China will use it against?  …
200228 @lay_studio Weibo Update：the studio posted a new video of Yixing calling a college student volunteering in Wuhan Video link:  … #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 
The virus being studied in the Wuhan lab is 96% similar to COVID19 it turns out. 
Why did they let Charles Lieber, the Harvard Wuhan scientist arrested in an espionage case, out on bail? And who paid his one million dollar cash bail?  …
i'm from china.and to fight this we've been at home like a month.And i'm even not at Wuhan or near  's hard but it's the only way so far.Fighting and keep going.We're together.
ITBP Quarantine Facility at Chhawla, New Delhi. Samples of all 112 reached from Wuhan, China yesterday collected and sent for lab test. Reports awaited. #CoronaVirusUpdates #coronavirus 
Science "The evidence points to SARS-CoV-2 research being carried out at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The virus may have been carried out of the lab by an infected worker or crossed over into humans when they unknowingly dined on a lab animal."  …
Almost worth a visit to Wuhan to accelerate this process  …
What you might not know about #Wuhan: It is where the revolution broke out that ended the imperial rule in 1911. And China built its first steel factory here. 
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 22 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
This is our chance lads... - Find the grubbiest spot in Wuhan and take in all the deep breaths you can. - Go and shake hands with everyone in Northern Italy. - Ask everyone still on that diseased cruise ship to cough in your face. God is speaking to us.  …
I like how the genome of the Wuhan coronavirus trails off in a scream, like it's been stabbed or pushed off a cliff  
As early as Dec. 27, test results from labs suggested there was an outbreak of a highly infectious virus in Wuhan. That was more than three weeks before Chinese authorities confirmed publicly that the virus was spreading between people. #coronavirus  
“When the virus hit, I felt that I should stay to help.” @selinawangtv connected with Li Wang. She’s part of a special force under China’s Uber @DidiGlobal that's helping those stranded by the #coronavirus lockdown in #Wuhan #COVID2019 
Wuhan has over 5,000 spare beds in its 16 temporary hospitals. They are converted from gyms, exhibition centers and other facilities to cope with a shortage of beds amid the coronavirus outbreak  
Disturbing stats . A total of 536,205 Chinese nationals entered the country from Dec 1 to Feb 20. Of the number, about 4,850 came from Wuhan City -the ground-zero of the virus -while others came from neighboring areas in Hubei Province.  …
"What people in Wuhan and throughout China have done has probably prevented many more cases from occurring, and it has bought the rest of the world more time to prepare," Xie Feng, a senior Chinese official writes 
A Chinese media outlet has reported that the government barred testing institutions from releasing information on the new #coronavirus days after scientific analysis indicated its existence for the first time. Caixin made the allegation online. #China #Wuhan 
#Wuhan's 16 makeshift hospitals provide 12,000 beds for #COVID19 patients. The daily number of newly recovered patients now greatly exceeds that of newly confirmed cases. The goal is to achieve zero new deaths, infections or returning cases: Chinese health  …
The lockdown: One month in #Wuhan This documentary is dedicated to all those who've been battling tirelessly against the COVID-19 virus in order to keep the epidemic at bay. Their efforts in safeguarding humanity from the virus will always be remembered.  …
In video: A medical team sent to #Wuhan from NE China’s Jilin uses a video conference system to facilitate distant consultation and better monitor patients’ health. 
"A Chinese woman wearing a deer head mask handing out face masks to pedestrians in Shibuya, Tokyo, from a cardboard box with words on it reading, 'Gratitude from Wuhan,' has  a viral hit on social media."  …
I am going to start calling it the Wuhan Virus btw. Ebola and Lassa are called by the places that they came from in Africa. Wuhan Virus does not have two heads.
Where did the Corona virus outbreak start from, please? Wuhan right? 
London teacher trapped in Wuhan reveals BOTH her Chinese parents have died since coronavirus lockdown started 
"This is  telling people outside to go home." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in China's #coronavirus epicenter #COVIDー19 
I am not saying that Tuju does not deserve treatment but the amount of money that has been spend on him is enough to evacuate the Kenyan students in Wuhan. Peasants are on their own under Uhuru #UhuruMustGo
The video below made by a Nigerian living in Wuhan, the epicenter of the #COVID2019 outbreak reveals practical tips on how to protect yourself. Click the link:  Please stay calm, panicking would do no good. #CoronavirusInNigeria #COVIDー19
Just in: Several independent sources say the Hong Kong govt has chartered at least one Cathay Pacific @cathaypacific and three Cathay Dragon @dragonair flights to bring those Hong Kong residents stranded in Wuhan, epicentre of the #COVID2019 outbreak, to Hong Kong in early  …
Parents of stranded African students in China's locked-down city Wuhan fear their children are running out of food, money and hope. 'The students are traumatized and equally terrified. It makes all of us break down.' 
The coronavirus will  a seasonal virus every winter. It will be named the Wuhan Flu, eventually shortened to the Wu Flu and then the Whu. A super strain in Europe, The Parisian Whu, will kill 15% of mainland Europeans.
On the streets of Florence, Italy, a Wuhan student studying abroad stood with a card saying ‘I’m not a VIRUS I’m a HUMAN’. This is what happened next. Share to educate. RT #COVID19 #China #respect #Covid_19 #Covid19 #coronavirus #corona 
Taking all necessary precautions. Wuhan people  to town. I sell quality masks. R1500 each. My client could be on your TL. 
I propose President Uhuru Kenyatta, Deputy President William Ruto, Raila Odinga, CS Matiang'i, CS Sicily Kairuki, CS Omamo and PS Kibicho be given a trip to Wuhan China on a fact finding mission and bench-marking. #uhurumustgo Bure kabisa. #ourHealthMatters
A Harvard study found it statistically implausible that Cambodia and Thailand do not have more coronavirus cases, and virtually impossible that Indonesia, with direct flights to Wuhan, had none. “You can’t find things you don’t look for.” @laignee  …
200228 Zhou Mi Instagram update: As a Wuhan native, it's a great honour for me to write songs to cheer on my friends and family back home! Thanks to the team for their support, together we made such a meaningful song. The two younger brothers Kun and Xiao Jun sang great! 
Nothing but respect for this ICU team. Fascinating and sobering footage from Wuhan.  …
The 67 South Africans in Wuhan who have no desire to return home have our best interest at heart.
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02 #FBR
and today, #hongkongpolice got a raise in salary, despite all #policebrutality and how bad is the economic affected by the wuhan virus. this is the hong kong we are living in. - #hongkong #freedomhk #freehk #hongkongprotest #hongkongprotests #standwithhongkong 
#BREAKINGNEWS The Department of Health says two South Africans, working on a Japanese cruise ship, have tested positive for the #coronavirus This as South Africa prepares to repatriate 132 citizens who are in the Wuhan province in China - the epicentre of the virus #sabcnews
Meet the intubation team in Wuhan. Everyone involved in intubations should watch and learn from this excellent footage. What is the plan at your place for #COVID19  …
On Kenyans in Wuhan Chinese can enter Kenya in hundreds, be tested & self-quarantine yet internetless Kenyans in Wuhan were not flown out when other countries saved their citizens, tested and quarantined them. That is how much Jubilee Government loves Kenyans. #coronaviruskenya
"This is  telling people outside to go home." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in China's #coronavirus epicenter #COVIDー19 
I implore you to read this reconstruction of Covid-19 events in Wuhan which my colleagues @simonelmc @langanpete laboured over for weeks w/ input from @EchoooXie @dustguest @zhengwei75 & me. I went to Wuhan in Jan & still in disbelief abt what followed  …
In retrospect, countries evacuating their citizens from Wuhan wasn't the best idea.
There are scholarships to study in Wuhan China, everything is free, starting with a free flight, deadline is March , early early #coronavirusInkenya
Mr. Uhuru Kenyatta, his cabinet and all Ministry of Health bosses should take a flight to China for benchmarking trips across China to find out whether Corona virus exists. If it does, how China is dealing with it. Also, visit Kenyans in Wuhan for solidarity. #coronaviruskenya
Zhoumi wrote the song 'I'll be there's as a encouragement song for wuhan ( as wuhan is also his hometown) Thank you so much @zhoumi_419 for this wonderful song! xiaojun and kun as well  
Government will evacuate South Africans from Wuhan in China, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak. It says the decision was taken after numerous requests from families of those in lockdown in the city. Courtesy #DStv403 
However, that is not easy. Rigorous measures depend on  public. And the disease is unforgiving; breakdowns  quickly into much greater crisis. It's a very fine line between keeping spread in check, and an out-of-control situation like Wuhan in late January.
In the short term, be sensible about coronavirus: Avoid crowds when you can, wash your hands often, and maybe postpone that outdoor market tour of Wuhan province. In the longer term, the best way to stay safe is to avoid voting for Democrats.  …
What happens when Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan greets two deaf COVID-19 patients? Health workers study sign language during their spare time to provide better care for them  
112 brought from #Wuhan kept at ITBP Chhawla Quarantine Facility, New Delhi. Reports @aajtakjitendra 
200228 Zhou Mi Weibo update: Zhou Mi hopes the song created this time "I'll be there" can bring courage and strength to you. As long as we are always with each other, we will have the final victory! Come on, Wuhan, China! 
While xiaojun is singing the lines 'fear not the stormy overcast/ at your darkness moment, let your courage shine a path to better days' The mv showed the handwritten letter writing 'Wuhan jiayou, China jiayou, 2020 will get better!' 
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital. 
HHS official to staff last week, announcing that mission to help Wuhan evacuees had wrapped up: “Thank you for trusting us … in supporting the Department's mission of bringing our fellow Americans home.”  … with @adamcancryn
A whistleblower says officials sent more than a dozen workers to receive the first Americans evacuated from Wuhan, China, without infection-control training or protective gear. The workers were not tested for the virus or quarantined. 
This paper came out 3 weeks ago looking at whether the travel ban in Wuhan was successful in limiting the spread of coronavirus. The model used basically predicted that cases outside China would continue to spread even after the ban.  … (H/T 
“wuhan fighting, china fighting, 2020 things will get better” #Ill_be_there 
Workers who received American passengers from a flight evacuated from Wuhan were not wearing protective gear, according to the whistleblower. 
#TrumpVirus Can you tell me WHY Trump is trying to SILENCE the fact that the #coronavirus is spreading. Can you explain WHY HHS workers were exposed to Wuhan evacuees without adequate protection, A gross mismanagement that jeopardizes US lives,”  …
2 of Yunho Big Chinese fansite/fanbase each made donations to those affected by covid19 in China: 中国uknow允浩房 donated 2,000 yuan to the Red Cross; 将爱MyYunho允浩站 purchased medical stuffs: gloves, shoe covers and etc for Xiehe Hospital in Wuhan 
Here's an unblocked version of new, censored, @caixin report detailing the Wuhan coronavirus coverup: virus ID'd Dec. 24, sequenced Dec. 27, province orders samples *destroyed* on Jan. 1. Too bad Pulitzers only go to US media; Caixin deserves one.  …
Chefs from Jiangsu Province have sent a group to Wuhan, delivering local specialties to frontline medical staff battling the novel #coronavirus 
I believe only China could manage this huge amount of work. This is one of the advantages of our socialist system. Remember Wuhan has a population of 11 million.  …
To me, the placement  case CA9 is consistent with either: 1. travel introduction followed  transmission 2. escape from Travis AFB quarantine from Wuhan evacuees Without genome directly from Travis AFB we can't distinguish between these possibilities. 4/4
Did Pope recently host some delegates from Wuhan?  …
“The whole Wuhan bureaucracy is among the worst in China,” Hou said, adding that the entire city of #Wuhan is like “hell on earth.” Despite the #CCP’s obvious mismanagement of the epidemic, Hou said many Chinese are still oblivious of the true  …
You need something that says, I went to Wuhan, and all I got was this lousy cold.
Now we all pay the price for the Republican insane opposition to decent health care. My worry is that nearly 4 million Floridians have no health insurance at all. (Thanks Rick Scott). i.e., all those minimum wage workers at Disney. Florida could easily be the Wuhan of America.
The year before Covid-19 would emerge in Wuhan, China, President Trump cut funding for the Center for Disease Control and Prevention’s global epidemic prevention activities by 80 percent. 
May I have the pleasure of dancing with you? A nurse and a police officer in protective suits dance a waltz to relax for a moment in front of a hospital in Wuhan. 
haha remember when that doctor in wuhan got in trouble for "spreading rumors" about coronavirus and everyone was like "well, that's a dicatorship for you"  …
Utterly irresponsible: “HHS sent >12 workers to receive the first Americans evacuated from Wuhan w/out proper training for infection control or appropriate protective gear, ~  #COVID19 How about let’s cause more outbreaks  …
I've heard the President just had a meeting about 5G, remember I reported on 5G a while back; What is 5G's effect on lowering our immunity? Did that play a part in what happened in Wuhan China? In case you don't know, Wuhan has 5G. Will we pause 5G implementation in US?
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital sees more recovered patients #COVID-19  …
How to cover the coronavirus outbreak, per @aaja: Don't use images of people with face masks without proper context Don't use generic images of a local Chinatown if it's unrelated to the story Don't use the term "Wuhan virus"  …
“There are so many deaths.” In an exclusive interview with @EpochTimes, Doctor Chen discussed what he saw and experienced in the city of #Ezhou, about 50 miles east of #Wuhan.  …
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Any recent travellers returning from Wuhan, China are cordially invited to attend the Trump MAGA rally in North Charleston, SC on Friday Feb. 28, 2020. To all good citizens of Charleston: please self-quarantine! Thank you.
Finally the mainland Chinese have a vote, telling the world that they don't think they have any responsibility on the outbreak of the disease and the world should thanks them for containing the situation, 85% of them believe the Wuhan Corona virus is originated in the U.S.A. 
City of Wuhan is like “hell on Earth” “You must be aware of the situation in China regarding disclosing Coronavirus cases to the public. I certainly can’t tell you the exact number.”  …
Wuhan Clan ain't nothin to fuck with I'll see myself out.
Number of new coronavirus cases in France (population 67 million) in past day: 20 Number of new coronavirus cases in China outside city of Wuhan (population 1.4 billion) in past day: 14
New official coronavirus daily numbers from China: Only 327 new cases for whole country Only 9 cases in China outside Hubei Only 5 cases in Hubei outside Wuhan 313 cases in Wuhan 44 new deaths To clarify: I am not endorsing these numbers as accurate  …
CMP's translation of former CCTV anchor / citizen journalist Li Zehua's words to state security outside his door before his apparent detention in Wuhan for reporting on the epidemic.  
A whistleblower at the Department of Health & Human Services is seeking federal protection  that 12+ workers who received the first Americans evacuated from Wuhan lacked proper training or protective gear for coronavirus infection control.  …
Whistleblower claims she was reassigned by Trump Administration after highlighting the fact that workers WITHOUT PROTECTIVE GEAR were sent to receive Americans evacuating from Wuhan  …
Trump admin “sent workers to receive the first Americans evacuated from Wuhan without proper training for infection control or appropriate protective gear.” Is it a coincidence that the most corrupt president ever runs such an  admin?  …
Well, if there's a silver lining to this pandemic: one of China's largest fentanyl exporters is in Wuhan. I hope it's agonizing.  …
Biden gave the pope the wuhan virus
Experts think bats are the source of the Wuhan coronavirus. At least 4 pandemics have originated in these animals.  … via @businessinsider
An extraordinary NYT source corroborating the whistleblower’s account was present at Miramar with sick patients returning from Wuhan and is now back at his ordinary post without ever being tested for exposure.  
Expert who came to #Wuhan to inspect says local authorities hid info, so they failed to find out that #COVID2019 #coronavirus transmission is human-to-human. Otherwise, their judgment of the #epidemic situation would have definitely been 
Silicon Valley self-quarantine list: • Healing crystals, for emergencies •  nutrition • Ayahuasca, 1mo supply • Burner costume, for Mad Max scenarios • Crypto wallet, for hedging • VR headset, for live empathy experiences with Wuhan
Deleted this tweet because it was the patients from a cruise ship that the CDC objected to repatriating, not ones who contracted the coronavirus in Wuhan. 
This is pretty much how the Italian cases started. In that case it was a Unilever employee and not a government worker but the person returned from Wuhan, showed no symptoms, and spread it around.
My God. Dept of Health & Human Services sent workers to receive the 1st evacuees from Wuhan, China-epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak-without proper training for infection control or appropriate protective gear, according to a   …
What started in Wuhan did not stay there. The #coronavirus is just one example of globalization, as are the eco effects. I write about this and more in The World: A Brief Introduction. Available May 12. Pre-order now & take your mind off the stock 
Breaking via WaPo: Officials at HHS sent more than a dozen workers to receive the first Americans evacuated from Wuhan, China without proper training for infection control or appropriate protective gear, according to a   …
BREAKING: Whistleblower claims she was reassigned by Trump Administration after highlighting the fact that workers without protective gear were sent to receive Americans evacuating from Wuhan  …
HHS whistleblower says: -HHS sent U.S. workers without protective gear/training to receive Americans evacuated from Wuhan -When whistleblower raised concerns, including with the HHS secretary's office, she got reassigned  …
SCOOP: HHS sent workers to assist with coronavirus-exposed U.S. passengers evacuated from Wuhan without proper training or protective gear, a whistleblower claims. w/ @yabutaleb7 
A plot from a 1981 Dean Koontz novel predicted that a virus originating in Wuhan would cause a global pandemic, but despite the creepy similarities to real life, Snopes soon concluded after an “investigation” that the parallels were “mostly false.”  …
South Africa announces that it will repatriate it's 199 citizens from Wuhan, China. Cabinet made decision following requests by families of those living in Wuhan, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak. #CoronaVirusUpdates
Since critically ill #coronavirus patients suffering from respiratory distress can't articulate their needs, a nurse from E China's Jiangxi aiding #Wuhan medical team finds a way to better understand them. 
Eyes of Darkness (1981) End of Days (2008) Books clearly mentioned an outbreak of a virus in 2020 & also called it #Wuhan #CoronaVirusUpdates #coronavirus #coronavirusus 
A Tweetorial on #coronavirus (and #IBD): Coronaviruses are a family of viruses that can cause illness from  cold to more severe diseases. The novel strain of #coronavirus named #SARSCoV2 was first detected in Wuhan, China and causes coronavirus disease #COVID19. 1/
SOUTH AFRICAN President Cyril Ramaphosa orders repatriation of its citizens from Wuhan city in China, the epicentre of coronavirus. 
Gee this type of restriction really worked well in #Wuhan during the early days of #China’s #coronavirus outbreak, why not try it in the  …
So 132 South Africans  back from Wuhan. Are we going to the airport to  them home? @chrisvick3, you’re gonna need more than just a cap pulled down low for this one...
So we heard this podcaster say that all his friends in Wuhan did not know anyone who knew anyone who had died from #coronavirus. I have a friend in Beijing who says the same thing. I mention this fact on the #covid19 telegram message boards: instant ban. It’s a operation.
Seeing alarm about revelation that #CA has had 33 test positive #COVIDー19 . #CA has many repatriated people from Wuhan and Diamond Princess quarantined at Travis AFB and MCAS San Diego, in addition to the 8 travel cases/close contacts and the 1 possible local transmission.
Advice from an Iranian guy in Wuhan 
#US has 60 cases. Many repatriated from Wuhan and Diamond Princess have been quarantined at Travis AFB and MCAS in #CA Patients moved out of state may have been moved to another quarantine site like NE where they are doing antiviral clinical  …
Oh really? So it STARTED in Wuhan but it came from another country? Huh! Possibly so (cough cough, maybe Iran?) after they stole it from wherever for their Level 4 covert biological weapons lab. Communists, always LIE and Project - sound familiar?  …
[BREAKING NEWS] President Cyril Ramaphosa says South African citizens living in Wuhan city in China should be repatriated. 
BREAKING | South Africans in Wuhan to be repatriated amid coronavirus outbreak  
Iran can’t hide its coronavirus explosion, but it’s trying hard and putting the world in danger — The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has tried to address the epidemic by telling doctors to shut up about it, much as Chinese authorities in Wuhan did  …
Was O bama in contact with the Harvard Scientist , recently arrested for fraud, with ties to Wuhan,? Also, we are waiting for O bama's Harvard records to be unsealed , that he had sealed. Show who he is.
Today @Binance (1/2) 1. #BinanceFutures max position size update for BTC/USDT at low leverage 2. $BUSD margin pairs for $ETC, $TRX & $ADA 3. Zero-fee payment methods on crypto purchases with $EUR, $GBP & $AUD w/ @BanxaOfficial 4. @binancebcf donations for #Wuhan - phase 1 report 
❝There was a real 'keep calm and carry on' mentality.❞ @foreignoffice staff member Matt Crow discusses his experience helping Brits leave Wuhan following #COVID19 #coronavirus outbreak
Even though the US shut down air travel to and from China, Thailand did not. Citizens in Wuhan booked a flight into Thailand and then booked flights into North America and Europe. – Investment Watch  …
Coronavirus patients dance at makeshift Wuhan hospital. Heart touching moment. 
CONGRATULATIONS are in order to the LSK President-elect SC Nelson Havi. #LSKElections Pls @NelsonHavi can we have our students in Wuhan flown Home? [||Credit] 
Well if the box says "Made in Wuhan" run out of the store screaming.  …
How can  in Wuhan have zero #COVID19 infections? Closing  just one day after Wuhan's lockdown, offering delivery services, sharing official info to relieve anxiety… "It requires cooperation between residents  workers,"  worker said 
Worth noting: WHO reported on Monday that death rate from coronavirus was approximately 2.9% in Wuhan, but 0.7% outside it. Which is still high, but not Spanish flu high (2-3% death rate). Also, China's lack of transparency is absolutely disastrous.  …
Fighting the Wuhan virus with the most modern technology! 3 disinfection robots are put into the to battle against the Coronavirus in China . For the first time now there are fewer new cases in China than outside. 
174 #Uyghur workers are forcefully taken from ‘Hotan’ in #EastTurkestan’s south to work in ‘Hunan Province,’ an area very close to #Wuhan city While the rest of #China is told to stay away from Wuhan & surrounding areas, #Uighurs are sent to the frontlines of the 
This article (in Chinese) also contains info about why the expert teams sent to #Wuhan failed to find out that #COVIDー19 is human to human. Just more cover-ups. 专访 #卫健委派 #武汉 第二批专家:为何没发现 #人传人？ #Coronavirus #新冠肺炎 
$GM China plant restart stalls due to coronavirus crisis, Detroit Free Press says "Given Hubei Province's extended shutdown until March 10, we are adjusting the restart of the Wuhan Plant to be in line with the government's updated arrangements,"
#CoronaVirusUpdates : "Rumors are; Corona virus might be a Bio weapon which was developed in the RDNA labs outside of the city of Wuhan, China." Source: The Eyes of Darkness 
My boyfriend asked to be tested and all the doctor said was “have you been to Wuhan within the past two weeks? If not, you’re fine.” Even though we KNOW it has been proven to have passed person to person.  …
I’ll just also point out that this person lives in a town that hosts such medical gems as St. Bernards, Roseland, and Jackson Park hospitals. Facilities that make the tent hospitals in Wuhan look modern and sanitary.  …
An Arashian (Aiba's fan) uploaded this pic on weibo, she is working at a hospital in Wuhan. Look at how she wrote Arashi's name on her wear :")  …
Living in fear of the #coronavirus outbreak, many people in #Wuhan, the center of the epidemic, are fighting back by volunteering to help the city  the ordeal. Mr Lin, a 38-year-old #film producer, is one of those 
Playing with John Hopkins Coronavirus case data this AM. This is various Chinese regions (excluded Hubei/Wuhan due to scale) Looks like first wave is flattening. 
Our Government has to raise the level of preparedness against Novel Coronavirus. Suspend flights to & from China, & provide more robust screening methods. We must minimize risks. Bring back students trapped in Wuhan & quarantine them. Spread of virus globally is worrying.
#Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, is at the forefront of a fierce battle against the novel #coronavirus. An exclusive CGTN video "Wuhan's war on #COVID19" shows how China has spared no effort in fighting this war. #战武汉 
There is no doubt with Gates hands all over this virus starting in Wuhan that this was a bioweapon released by the [DS] to crash global economy and save [CB] and tank US economy to bloody Trump
Bombshell: Chinese Government ALSO Ran A Coronavirus Drill, In Wuhan — Exactly Where The Actual Outbreak Started  …
Thanks for all Chunsas from China, Korea, Japan ,Thailand and HK supporting Wuhan and China. This time we raised a total of$23,160 and donated 300pcs 3M goggle gears and 30 protrction kits with 300 replacement masks to HuangGang Hospital.  
In Dongling High-tech Zone, Wuhan, Zuoling New City, the donated materials were intercepted for viruses by the right holders, and they openly loaded materials into their cars for the safety of the world Go Wuhan 
Young patient's drawings of life in hospital trend online Cartoon images of medical staff in one of #Wuhan's temporary hospitals have gone viral thanks to a young patient who recorded her daily life while recovering from the #COVID19 disease through 
Since the lockdown, medical resources in #Wuhan have been prioritized for #COVID19 patients. For those with chronic conditions, getting required medication hasn't been easy. Workers from nearly 100 pharmacies have been volunteering to deliver drugs to those in 
This nurse brings "spring" to #coronavirus patients in Wuhan, China. 
UPDATE #COVID19 Iran Iranian Vice President Masoumeh Ebtekar has tested positive for COVID-19 virus, who else? Is this VP linked to the 'Intelligence services and #IRGC'? Why where high level Iranians in Wuhan where the Chinese Naval University (Virology Dept.) is?  …
Three military-led hospitals in #Wuhan, including the newly-built Huoshenshan Hospital, increase capacity to 2,900 beds to treat more patients  
Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has tried to address the epidemic by telling doctors to shut up about it, much as Chinese authorities in Wuhan did, disastrously, when the disease was just starting to spread, according to an IranWire exclusive 
Dear Andile Mngxitama, we have booked you an all expenses paid trip to Wuhan, Hubei, China. Please depart immediately Electricity is a right and we must not pay for it': Andile Mngxitama on Soweto shutdown  …
Interesting. Monday, a letter in @LancetGH poignantly described delivering #COVID19 medical care in Wuhan and begged the international  to help. Today @LancetGH has retracted the letter, saying it is not a first-person account.  
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  02 #FBR
Someone already predicted the Wuhan corona virus or it was pre planned???? #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 21 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
Wow does the Pope have the Wuhan virus??!?!  …
200227 Yixing's call to a highschool fan currently under quarantine in Wuhan @layzhang: ur health is still good? Calm af : health's still pretty good YX: as my XBack, you don't seem excited at all about receiving my phone call? : I AM EXCITED! IT'S BC I'M NERVOUS! YX: 
SARS declined when people stopped eating the "civet," a popular food for the Chinese (Chinese people eat WEIRD stuff). If there was an animal sold in Wuhan's open-air markets which was "animal 0" for this virus, the people may no longer be eating it.
CS Raychelle Omamo tells Parliament there is no need to worry about flights from China, says Kenyans stuck in Wuhan will not be evacuated.
53 yr old Malaysian woman who returned from Japan on feb 23 is the latest to have contracted #COVID19 . All 66 returned from Wuhan yesterday were tested negative of the virus . Tally : 23 cases sofar , 22 discharged incl the American #westerdam  …
Zhongnan Hospital in Wuhan, China, is at the heart of the outbreak of Covid-19. Staff there are trying a new experiment using artificial intelligence software to detect visual signs of the pneumonia associated with Covid-19 from lung CT scans. 
With English subtitles #coronavirus #WuhanOutbreak #Chinazi video of #LiZeHua #李泽华, former CCTV journalist, who tried to report P4 virology lab & crematorium in Wuhan, got arrested on 26/2 #ChenQiushi #陳秋實. #陈秋实 was missing on 6/2 #FangBin #方斌 was missing since 
23rd - 26th donation announcements.This is material donation made by yijianqinxin and other fan groups for wuhan and other cities. It includes protective clothing, sanitary napkins and medical gloves. hope everything gets better soon #HAPPYTENDAY2020 #tenlee_1001 
[LETTER OF THE DAY] @NGRPresident @MBuhari sends financial support through the Minister of Foreign Affairs, HM @GeoffreyOnyeama to mission in China, directly to students in Wuhan, with the intervention and co-ordination by  headed by Hon @abikedabiri. KUDOS 
From China’s own propaganda rag: “The novel #coronavirus may have begun human-to-human transmission in late November from a place other than the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan...”  …
Communist China must be held fully accountable for its mishandling of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. China has lied and suppressed the truth regarding the outbreak and its origins since the very first time it was detected in Wuhan in December 2019.  …
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a global health emergency over a new coronavirus that has killed more than 2,800 people worldwide following an outbreak in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. 
112 people including 36 foreign nationals arrived from Wuhan, China today have been taken to ITBP Chhawla Facility, New Delhi. The group includes 8 families and 5 children. They are being looked after by the team of ITBP Doctors. @drharshvardhan 
Very sad to see increasing #COVID19 cases globally. My thoughts on what countries can take from the Wuhan experience: 1. Listen to the science 2. Clear and decisive public health measures 3. ‘Good’ decisions over ‘popular’ decisions @DrTedros @doctorsoumya 
#Binance Charity Donations for #Wuhan - Phase 1 Report So far @BinanceBCF has delivered to 116 hospitals & teams: 200,000 pairs of gloves 28,000 masks 5 tons of disinfection liquid 20,000 testing kits 1,000 protective suits 9 sterilizers On the way  …
Parents of students stuck in Wuhan, China send a message of encouragement their children. The woman wearing glasses broke down during the press conference. She has three daughters in China #MonitorUpdates Video by Ritah 
The 112 evacuees who were brought to Delhi today from Wuhan, China by C-17 Globemaster aircraft of Indian Air Force, at the Indo-Tibetan Border Police's quarantine facility in Chhawla. 
“The Ministry of Foreign affairs is fully aware that there are about 90 Kenyan students & other Kenyans under lock-down in Wuhan city… To date none of the Kenyans under lock-down & quarantine in Wuhan have been infected with the coronavirus” - Raychelle Omamo, CS Foreign Affairs 
So for once the Simpsons didn't predict it but an American writer named Dean Koontz eerily foretold the outbreak of the Coronavirus back in 1981 in novel The Eyes Of Darkness He names the year of 2020 He names the city of Wuhan He describes the symptoms #Coronavirus 
While 239 Chinese are allowed into the country dozens of Kenyan students are still stranded in Wuhan, China .I ask myself why??!! . Corona is corona #JKIA #coronaviruskenya #CoronaVirusUpdates
⑧ ....  and evacuate their citizens immediately??? You went to Wuhan China Mainland to pick up your citizens, then why didn't you do the same this time?? Go read the US CDC's letters from this link↓  … Westerdam cruise ship, docked...
If I have this right, Covid-19 figures for Wuhan population applied to UK. 5% critically ill need hospitalisation: 3,300,000 Brits. 2% die: 1,320,000 Brits. About three times the number that died in the Second World War. /1
apologies for speaking as a foreigner.. but I interviewed Kenyan students in Wuhan, 1 in particular was distraught & begging to go home. Not entirely sure how Kenya can cite safety reasons for leaving nationals in Wuhan.. but then be ok with  in from China.  …
Not being supported by my own people. I feel like a Pakistani in Wuhan. 
Meet these "virus deliverymen" who collect samples from #COVID19 patients in #Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital twice a day and send them to a virus testing center 
#SavingLives - The special flight of IAF C-17 Globemaster, carrying 112 passengers on board from Wuhan, China, landed at New Delhi, 0635h today. All Crew & medical team were quarantined. The same flight airlifted the medical team & approx 15tonnes of medical supplies on 26 Feb20. 
What do you mean by ALMOST? Turn those Mofos back to where they came from. #JKIA officials should know that they will be hit first if these  with the Coronavirus. The Only flight that should be allowed in Kenya is that carrying Kenyan students stuck in Wuhan.  …
Chinese prostitute prepares for a game of strip poker. (Wuhan, China | February 26, 2020, colorized). 
The Gok would rather give air France a red alert for carrying a 1 harmless noisemaker, miguna ×2, and allow a full plane of corona virus to land at JKIA minus trapped Kenyans students from Wuhan, stupidity is too expensive and incurable.
The nurses who wrote the open letter in the Lancet calling for help in Wuhan appear to have now retracted it. The Lancet says the authors got in touch, said their account was not first hand and asked to have it withdrawn.  
Guangdong where the China Southern Airline flying to Kenya flew from and will be flying every week is Coronavirus epicenter with most infections after Wuhan. China don’t give a fuck just like Kenya government held hostage. They’re determined to import this Virus at all costs.
Saudi Arabia is one of the richest countries in the World yet it is not letting in flights from countries with coronavirus outbreak. Kenya, a country which can't feed itself, if  people from all over China including Wuhan without quarantining them. #coronaviruskenya
It is not about IF but WHEN the coronavirus that is "already in the country" will avail itself. It will be messy. It will strike us hard especially in Nairobi. We're officially  Chinese coronies* since we can't bring back our own Kenyans from Wuhan but allow in Chinese.
The coronavirus is spreading more quickly in Europe, the Middle East, and other parts of the world than in China where the virus first emerged in the central city of Wuhan at the end of last year. 
a nurse Swiftie is currently fighting with coronavirus in a hospital in Wuhan, she shared a pic from the hospital, these are the CDs she bought before... literally too much respect 
In an exclusive interview with Caijing, a member of the 2nd expert team sent to Wuhan in January said leaders of six hospitals they visited and local health officials lied about medics being infected, which delayed conclusion of man-to-man transmission  …
#SCOOP: The hospitals where the authors of the #Lancet article work told @SixthTone they were never on the front lines. An official register of medical staff dispatched to Wuhan appears to confirm this. Neither woman can now be located. @DandanNee reports:   …
Some influential Chinese are sounding almost gleeful there are Wuhan virus outbreaks in other countries. All part of a campaign to shift responsibility to other govts & make China's response look better  1/4
Tons of medical waste is produced every day in Wuhan, the epicenter of #CoronavirusOutbreak. It is another frontline in the fight against #COVID19. Here is what China is doing about it:  
Flying to Wuhan to go on a cruise for a week. Should be fun!
We refused to evacuate Kenyan nationals living in Wuhan, because they'd bring the coronavirus home, but has no problem giving landing rights to a Chinese airliner ferrying Chinese  in from the same port of exit? The govt hates Kenyans, and they don't hide it.
A reckless government that doesn't care about it's people and always putting them in danger, let alone leaving it's people in Wuhan to die and now letting #coronaviruskenya to kill us 
Our heartfelt thanks to the #Indian Government for bringing the remaining 2 #Myanmar students from Wuhan to New Delhi with the Indian Air force Globemaster on 26 February 2020 and making excellent arrangements for them. (Photo credit: Indian Embassy) 
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP): The 112 evacuees who were brought to Delhi today from Wuhan, China by C-17 Globemaster aircraft of Indian Air Force (IAF), screened by ITBP and sent to the quarantine facility in Chhawla. #COVID19  
COVID-19 cases surge to 400 in Italy. The US confirms it's first case. In Africa, Algeria and Egypt, confirm cases. Flights from China to Nairobi resumed yesterday. Kenyan students still stuck in Wuhan while Kuwait has sent a plane to evacuate it's nationals from Italy. 
India Myanmar || For Friends in Need We are always there || Two Myanmar students have been evacuated from Wuhan by Indian Air Force Globemaster. All necessary assistance is being provided to them by Indian Authorities. 
China has sent an investigation team to #Wuhan. It's reported a Wuhan prison released an infected inmate  her sentence. She then traveled to Beijing. The report has caused an uproar, many asking how she got out of Wuhan that's been cut off for over a month
And yes, this is how Wuhan fell.  …
As a reminder, Travis AFB is in Solano County. Officials said 180 coronavirus evacuees who were flown to Travis Air Force from Wuhan, China were recently released.  …
Indian Air Force flight brings back 76 Indians, 36 nationals from 7 countries (Bangladesh, Myanmar, Maldives, China, South Africa, USA & Madagascar) from novel #coronavirus-hit #Wuhan in China. 
Two suspected patients in Bali: A stewardess who just came back from Wuhan & an Indonesian woman whose child had visited the Chinese city of Dalian and was diagnosed with viral pneumonia were discharged by Bali hospitals. Read more:  …
Just in: India evacautes 112 people from Wuhan. These includes citizens of 7 countries. This is the 3rd evacuation by India. 
And now here’s slurred words from satanic Wuhan Dingbat Nancy Pelosi gnawing on vodka cud while falsely blaming President Trump on #CoronavirusOutbreak This woman is the definition of 
Mortality Rate (2.1% Nationwide, 4.9% Wuhan, 3.1% Hubei, and 0.16% other provinces) reported by the NHC of China  …
23 Bangladeshi Nationals were evacuated from Wuhan, China in a special Indian flight. They landed in Delhi on 27/02/2020. Along with other Indian nationals, they will be quarantined in special facilities in suburbs of Delhi. #IndiaBangladesh #COVIDー19 @DrSJaishankar @MEAIndia
McDonalds delivery in Wuhan, epicentre of #COVID19 outbreak in #China 
For a moment I thought @realDonaldTrump created this virus in a secret lab in Wuhan. At least that’s how the hysterical Dems made it sound. Remember when Obama brought in Ebola patients. Good times.  …
The quickest way to eradicate the Wuhan Flu is to find it's old offensive tweets.
The world must thank the #Wuhan physicians and nurses on the front lines fighting the #coronavirus. When lesser people ran away, they ran towards the battle. - - - - #coronavirususa #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusUpdates #coronavirues #COVIDー19 
New official case numbers from China: 433 cases yesterday in all of China 383 cases in Wuhan 26 cases in Hubei outside Wuhan 24 cases in China outside Hubei Fairly similar to yesterday (but deaths keep dropping steeply -- see previous tweet)  …
The star player of the Chinese women's national soccer team is training for the Tokyo Olympics alone on a rooftop in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus, where she is under quarantine 
On its return from Wuhan, the IAF flight has brought back 76 Indians & 36 nationals from 7 countries - Bangladesh, Myanmar, Maldives, China, South Africa, USA and Madagascar. Appreciate facilitation by Chinese government.
Live: How are Wuhan's volunteer drivers helping people while the city is under lockdown  …
we're going to try to not have Wuhan; as soon as you see clusters, be ready to stop transmission chains world not ready but it could get ready fast bring your populations with you in readiness; bring them with you early as things are going to change readily, adapt
Earlier, I mentioned that the Wuhan Express aircraft suddenly pinged off the South China Sea. It just got more bizarre. It appears there are TWO aircraft, BOTH operated by Kalitta Airlines... with the same flight number: K4248 And BOTH are airborne right now. 
Indian Airforce Plane IAF C-17 to arrive at Delhi from #Wuhan bringing back 120 people including 80 Indians. Death toll due to #coronavirus crosses 2700 in 
“The control is even stricter than before ... It’s self-explanatory that the outbreak is not slowing down and not under control,” a #Wuhan gov't officer told  …
As of 10pm local time Feb 26, Japan has confirmed 894 #COVID19 cases, including 7 deaths: - 175 domestic cases - 705 from the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship - 14 back from #Wuhan 
#李泽华 #LiZehua another citizen journalist covering #COVID2019 in #wuhan disappeared last night He did not stop streaming until last minute.  …
“We are asking nurses and medical staff from countries around the world  to China now, to help us in this battle,” they wrote. Two #Chinese nurses on the frontlines of the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan made an unusual global appeal for help.  …
The countries least prepared for the Wuhan virus include those where migrant caravans have been organized at the behest of Democratic immigration activists. Perhaps the American people will see this lawlessness through a different lens now that there's a very real health threat.  …
Alex Azar, HHS Secretary says: “We have 15 cases detected in the US. And 3 cases repatriated from Wuhan. And 42 from the cruise ship.” Guess what, genius, I’ve just detected 60 cases of #coronavirus in the US.
As of Thursday morning, Japan has confirmed 894 #coronavirus cases: - 175 domestic cases - 705 from the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship - 14 from #Wuhan 
Heart-wrenching plea from the nurses in #Wuhan THREAD/1 "The conditions & environment here in Wuhan are more difficult & extreme than we could ever have imagined. There is a severe shortage of protective equip, such as N95 respirators, face shields, goggles, gowns.." MORE 
The youngest known #COVID19 patient, a 17-day-old baby girl, has recovered and been released from the hospital in Wuhan 
More than 15 doctors have now died of #COVIDー19 in #Wuhan from treating infected patients. “Some of them were previously healthy and as young as 29” according to an authoritative leaked report #CoronaVirusUpdates
The @StateDept recently required 5 Chinese state-owned media outlets in the US to be registered as #ForeignMissions—but, it did not require @CCTV to do so. #CCTV played a major role in covering up the #COVID19 epidemic in #Wuhan and the rest of  …
I did not know Wuhan was an epicenter of fentanyl.  …
20200227 @lay_studio Weibo update(1/3) Lay studio Weibo posted a video about Yixing’s phone call to a Xback from Beijing who volunteered in Wuhan as a nurse. She and her colleagues were so surprised to receive Yixing’s phone call. Full video link:  
The Corona virus started in a bio-lab in Wuhan, China. Jet fuel can't melt steel beams. Jeffery Epstein didn't kill himself. Jeff Bezos is a robot. Mark Zuckerberg is a reptile. The Earth is made of thin crust pizza. E.T never phoned home.
"Fear, it turns out, is also a virus." I wrote about panic shopping, the teacher from Wuhan, kiddie birthday parties and all the ways coronavirus has  an engine of social awkwardness and parenting judgement here on the edge of the crisis zone.  …
This is the energy that convinces me that Wuhan is secretly an Italian city 
“The conditions and environment here in Wuhan are more difficult and extreme than we could ever have imagined.”  …
Looks like the preparations to contain the #Wuhan #Coronavirus pandemia in #Italy is going great. Maybe it’s time to change policies Mr. Conte? Let #Salvini take care of this. They country needs a leader who isn’t afraid to take controversial but efficient measures.  …
#Chinese medical staff battling #coronavirus in #Wuhan are using an academic journal @TheLancet as a cry for help because they are censored everywhere else.
Infants. Cancer patients. Asthmatics. People on immunosuppressants. Wuhan doc who died was 34. Health care workers as they are at risk for inhaling a higher viral load day cares. KIDS IN CAGES at the border
Corona virus panic in numbers applied only to Wuhan statistics - chances to even catch the virus for anyone in Wuhan is 0.7%. If you are aged 85 and above chances of dying are 0.103%, if you're 45 - 0.0028%, if you are 35 - 0.0014%. . Around the world these figures are smaller.
CCP wives, mistresses, princelings, bastard children & other family members, including those who r behind the Wuhan P4 lab, beware: DOJ Creates Section Dedicated to Denaturalization of Terrorists, War Criminals, Sex Offenders, and Other Fraudsters -  …
The doctors exposed at Wuhan hospital were not old or infirm and they died. This is extremely concerning. There are still a lot of unknowns and 98% will be fine is just as silly as saying 2% will be fine, given all the variables and the unknowns.
How will #COVID19 impact the world economy? Which countries trade the most with Wuhan (Hubei province)? Here a thread with subnational trade data from China that we have been collecting at @datawheel for a new version of  . OPEN THREAD 
After significant deliberations, the government has decided to evacuate South Africans from Wuhan in China.  …
News & panic of #CoronaVirus going viral in faster than the virus itself This  from a respected journalist emotionally shouting @govt to bring Pak students in Wuhan home a few weeks back is symptomatic of the problem.  …
After Chen Shiqiu, Fang Bing another Citizen Journalist covering Wuhan under the lockdown was chased and arrested by CCP secret police! His name is Li Zhuhua, only 25 years old. If CCP did such a good job in Wuhan, why the arrests 
Model who chose to stay in Wuhan for her boyfriend reveals people are facing food shortage 
Wuhan Institute of Virology (Chinese Academy of Science) was also asked to destroy the sample. The No. 3 order also asked all institutes not to leak any information to the public.  …
Big revelation from @caixin today. At least 9 samples were sent to different testing centres at the end of Dec. A gene sequencing firm in Guangzhou first sequenced the viral genome with high-throughput sequencing tech by 27 Dec. They sent the report to China CDC and Wuhan HC
The amount of frustration/panic by Kenyans online about the resumption of flights from China to Kenya is palpable. That is not even a quarter of the stress that Kenyans (and other citizens of Sub-Saharan Africa) stuck in Wuhan have experienced since the lockdown 6 weeks ago.
San Francisco has declared a state of emergency regarding the Coronavirus but have you seen that once beautiful city lately? You have a better chance of staying healthy in Wuhan then on the streets of San Francisco!
𝐼’𝓁𝓁 𝐵𝑒 𝒯𝒽𝑒𝓇𝑒 ℤ𝕙𝕠𝕦𝕞𝕚 2020.02.2812PM KST 7PM PST 8PM MST 9PM CST 10PM EST A song dedicated to his hometown Wuhan & China. Let’s show support when released! #ZHOUMI #Ill_be_there @SJofficial 
VIDEO: Large-scale disinfectant spray in #Wuhan. It remains unknown if this method can effectively kill the #Coronavirus. Stay informed about the latest #COVID19 updates delivered daily to your inbox:  
@IAF_MCC #C17 #Globemaster flight from #Wuhan to #NewDelhi is wheels up. Godspeed! @DrSJaishankar @MEAIndia
#Coronavirus: by the numbers #COVIDー19 - 81,000+ cases worldwide - 2,700+ deaths - Around 40 countries have reported cases - 59 cases in the US (45 repatriated to US from cruise ship and Wuhan)
On its return, the same aircraft will retrieve approx 120 personnel+05 children in arms from Wuhan. The returning passengers will  of Indian citizens & citizens from friendly foreign countries. It is likely to return on 27 Feb 20 to Air Force Station, Palam. 
A special flight of  of the crew, medical team & support staff departed from Air Force Station, Palam on 26 Feb 20. As a goodwill gesture from Government of India, IAF airlifted approximately 15 tonnes of medical supplies in C-17 Globemaster III to Wuhan, China. 
A special word  for the @EOIBeijing team of officers at ground zero in Wuhan - Group Captain Ashish Kumar, B.Sidharth and Havaldar Ribu Singh of the Indian Army - true grit in full display. @DrSJaishankar 
The @IAF_MCC Indian Air Force #C17 #Globemaster prepares to take off from #Wuhan on its way to #NewDelhi after delivering more than 15 tons of relief assistance. @DrSJaishankar 
I am already scared to remind you blaming government for not bringing back Pakistani students from Wuhan ‘when you began allowing flights’.
Someone gonna toss and turn tonight for Caixin’s investigation on tracking down the origin of coronavirus gene sequencing. On 1 Jan, a source received a call from an official of Wuhan Health Commission, notifying him to stop examining newly-delivered samples; existing samples..
I strongly urge you to move your entire operation to Wuhan, China to demonstrate your enlightenment & set an example for the rest of us. If you fail to move immediately the rest of us will be obliged to consider your statement nothing more than virtue signaling stupidity.
I present to you; Dean Koontz The Eyes of Darkness. “In around 2020 a severe pneumonia-like illness will spread throughout the globe” they will call it wuhan-400 
This is China’s newest #coronavirus-fighting robot. Thor-1, a “hard core weapon”, can disinfect more than 10 sq km in an hour. #2019nCoV #China #Wuhan #Iran #Italy #COVIDー19 
hero dog defends home from wuhan ninja raider 
The novel coronavirus began in December in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Now, it's reached 40 other countries and territories, and is spreading in Europe and the Middle East. Here's how it happened: 
"Now my entire family is infected." Li Xiaoxiong was helping medical staff in Wuhan when she contracted #coronavirus. Read her #eyewitness report on what it's like to have #COVID19  
A top virologist here in Singapore took me to the lab where the pure coronavirus is stored (secure behind several more airtight security doors). She’s convinced virus came from bats, NOT some bioweapon that broke out. And she’s personally worked at the lab in Wuhan in question. 
Leading virologist working directly with this cornovirus says she and her colleagues are highly confident, 90 percent, that it came from bats, from an animal market in Wuhan China selling wild species in dirty conditions, ideal for human-animal cross contamination. 
YouTuber 李泽华 Li Zehua was taken away by police from a residence in #Wuhan 10PM February 26, having entered the city to broadcast about #CoronavirusOutbreak. He was a TV host on CCTV7 before resigning to  a  …
A lot of people in Wuhan died to slow this thing down enough to give the rest of the world time to prepare. The media narrative that we simply handled it  and that it is a trivial flu like matter for "more advanced" systems of governance could cost countless lives
There are 57 confirmed cases infected with COVID-19 in the USA: 40 former passengers of the Diamond Princess in Japan. 3 repatriated from Wuhan 14 US cases mortality rate, less than 2%. Dems will do anything to create panic to remove POTUS 
Behold a government that doesn’t care about its people. Kenyans in Wuhan will not be evacuated-the ambassador incharge @Serem_JC is busy praying However, a whole Chinese plane will be allowed entry, with Chinese aboard asked to self quarantine ! The country is Kenya @MOH_Kenya
#IndianAirForce Special flight #C17 #GoodwillGesture with medical team & 15 T medical supplies departed fm Palam to #Wuhan.Will retrieve 120 ppl + 05 children in  of Indian citizens & citizens fm friendly foreign countries on 27 Feb 20. @SpokespersonMoD 
Novel CoronaVirus & conspiracy theories: what China has investigated up till now? Why Pakistani students are still struck in Wuhan? #FaislaAapKa with Yao Jing, ambassador of China in Pakistan. Watch now on Aaj 
Only if he’s in Wuhan, China to prove its all a hoax perpetrated by the Dems to hurt the market and undermine him. I don’t need to hear this is Obama’s fault.
"This is  telling people outside to go home." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in China's #coronavirus epicenter #COVIDー19 
India's consignment of 15 tonnes medical supplies reaches Coronavirus-hit Wuhan in China  …
Delhi: Around 120 passengers (including foreign  to Delhi from China's Wuhan, will be kept for requisite quarantine period under the observation of ITBP doctors, at the ITBP quarantine facility in Chhawla. 
200226 Yixing a fan (a nurse who's volunteering Wuhan): ur parents must be v worried right? : I didn't tell them. I was afraid they'd worry…I want to tell when I return My should be v happy & say my child grew up @layzhang speechless: …aye, tell me if u need 
Is Trump responsible for the fact that  government of china withheld any knowledge about the coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan for weeks? Or is he responsible for China right now objectively hiding case totals and refusing to release their data?
Some migrant workers in Wuhan became homeless after the lockdown. Lost their  and can't return to their hometown. They sleep on the street near Union Hospital, because they can get drinking water from the hospital. Volunteers are helping them. 
Wuhan nurses' plea for international medics to help fight coronavirus  …
Why doesn't Emperor Corona send more Chinese medical workers or #PLA medics as "volunteers" to Wuhan   …
Indian Air Force special flight carrying around 15 Tons medical relief for #COVID19 lands in Wuhan: 
Consignment (15 tonnes) of Indian medical relief for #COVID19 lands in Wuhan. Strong expression of our solidarity with the Chinese people at this difficult time. Thank you @IAF_MCC and @EOIBeijing for your 
Tensions are running high across the world because of the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. Here is a video of 2 men getting into a fight will doing emergency shopping in #Italy. One man accused the other of being Chinese, who in turn shouted that he is Phillipino #COVID19 
Medical waste handlers in Wuhan brave risks to dispose of surging amount of material #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I have been informed that Indian flight with medical aid has landed in Wuhan, China. All the 90 plus Indians including 8 Maharashtrians who are stuck in Wuhan have reached airport and will board the flight shortly. #coronavirus
“Due to an extreme shortage of health-care professionals in Wuhan, 14 000 nurses from across China have  to Wuhan to support local medical health-care professionals.”
Food delivery service is still active in #Wuhan. Those deliverymen handle a large part of food supply in this quarantined city of 11 million people despite danger of infection 
“The conditions and environment here in Wuhan are more difficult and extreme than we could ever have imagined. There is a severe shortage of protective equipment, such as N95 respirators, face shields, goggles, gowns, and gloves.”
More on #COVID19 in #China - Two medical worker from Guangdong, who have been treating patients at the frontline in #Wuhan, published a letter in the @TheLancet today, calling for help from the  in the fight against #coronavirus. Here are the excerpts -
The novel coronavirus began in December in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Now, it's reached 40 other countries and territories, and is spreading in Europe and the Middle East. Here's how it happened: 
What has Wuhan been through on the forefront of the war on coronavirus? Let's go inside the megacity on lockdown for over 30 days. 
absolutely convinced TYLOO somebody is the cure for coronavirus. He’s so unafraid of death he’d go on an unmasked bat-eating tour of Wuhan just to show the virus who’s boss. Man’s flown out of china without a hiccup. My hero.
Grace Assembly coronavirus mystery solved: Antibody tests linked mega cluster to 2 Wuhan tourists via CNY party and Life Church cluster in a world-first 
I’d rather snort a line of phlegm in Wuhan  …
Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, presents evidence to suggest that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is a deliberate act of bioterrorism that, as we can all now see, is disrupting global supply chains and wreaking domestic and international havoc:   …
Just in: Indian Air Force's special flight for relief & evacuation leaves for Wuhan. The IAF's plane is carrying 15 Tons of medical assistance & will bring back Indians from the city. This is the 3rd evacuation flight sent by India to Wuhan. 
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 20 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
"Every time we intubate a patient, we have no option of failure." Meet the intubation team in Wuhan who have a high risk of being infected but still spare no efforts to save patients' lives from 
In Wuhan, most of the remaining Indians have now boarded taxis arranged by Indian embassy & left their homes. They don't know when the timing of departure, but arrangements made to reach airport first (photo by one of the Indians travelling on 3rd flight) 
"This is  telling people outside to go home." This #Wuhan resident shows how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #COVIDー19 
"Cloud parents" Millions of Chinese netizens have been keeping an eye on the daily life of a newborn, in #Wuhan, whose parents were both diagnosed with #COVID19 before his birth. Fortunately, he tested negative after staying in an incubator for 16 
Yang Ping is a doctor from Tongji Hospital in Wuhan. She talked about the reason her son calls her "little doctor." What she said touched a lot of people on Chinese social media. 
Remember at the start of the Coronavirus thing in Wuhan, there was an Irish guy there who was planning to lock himself away for a couple of weeks with a load of whiskey and beer, and hope for the best? He's top of the list of experts who I would like to hear from right now.
#China A vegetable "black market" in #Wuhan; citizens had to sneak out from their locked  to buy fresh vegetables in these underground markets. "They are all here to buy vegetables, they can buy all kinds of things here" 
AK Patnaik, Group Captain, Delhi: The C-17 Globemaster aircraft of the Indian Air Force is presently on medical mission to Wuhan, China. We are carrying about 15 tonnes of medical equipment. On our way back, we shall be carrying Indians&citizens of friendly neighborhood countries 
Y’all have seen the Train to Busan. This is the Grab to Wuhan. 
In battle against the #COVID19, a group of people are not in the public limelight - the workers that process bioharzardous medical waste. They are guarding the last defense in #Wuhan against the virus. 
In #Wuhan, #volunteer medical teams transport critically ill people to and from hospitals. #RedCross has deployed ambulances with negative  to ensure people who are sick can be transported, while protecting healthcare workers and the public 
not mentioned in smtown’s tweet but @zhoumi_419’s single “在你身旁 I’ll be there” with kun & xiaojun is a song to cheer on wuhan 
Dec 31st was when Taiwanese officials started screening people on flights from Wuhan. Jan 24th masks export banned, capacity to be raised from 4 to 10 million/day. Meanwhile, in Feb, most western experts kept claiming 'no evidence' and 'no risk' regarding aspects of #COVID19.
Busy, tiring but full of hope! A Tianjin medical team working at a hospital in central China's Wuhan shares daily routines in fighting COVID-19. 
Trump needs to visit Wuhan and thoroughly investigate the virus there.... he should visit locals there and hospitals for at least one week so he can experience this firsthand
"He said that we wouldn't proceed with the wedding until the epidemic ended." 29-year-old Dr. Peng Yinhua has died after postponing his wedding to fight the #coronavirus in #Wuhan, China's state media reports. He leaves his pregnant wife behind #Covid_19 
Two Chinese medical workers sent to aid Wuhan published a heartbreaking letter in the Lancet on Monday. They begged medical workers around the world  to Wuhan, where, they said medical workers were both heavily physically and physiologically damaged  
Dr. Tang Xin from #Wuhan Union Hospital pays tribute to his idol #KobeBryant with "Bryant 24" written on his protective suit: "I was too busy on the front line to express my sorrow when you left us. Your spirit inspires us to fight hard for every game in our lives," Tang 
India will be Wuhan 2.0. Wait and see.  …
Where is the "Evacuate Ugandans in Wuhan", " Free Sheena" energy when Uganda police is killing fellow Ugandan people power youths? use the same energy. "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” ...
During a #livestream Tuesday, singer #LayZhang sang Happy Birthday for a fan living in #Wuhan to cheer her up due to #COVID19. Lay recently collaborated with fans to write  a charity single "It Will Get Better." #Yixing #LayNewCharitySong 
Zhoumi, collaborating with Kun & Xiaojun, will be releasing a song for his hometown, Wuhan & for China to show support. This is such a meaningful song for sure and will definitely touch our hearts.. Wuhan, jiayou!! 
Do you think China released the coronavirus? Do you think another country released it and placed it in Wuhan to make others think China released it? With its HIV spikes, it seems to be undoubtedly engineered #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
On February 22, 2020, #China forcibly transferred 174 #Uyghur youth from the Khotan region of #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”) to #Wuhan, the center of the ongoing #CoronavirusOutbreak, for 
Steven Mosher: China may be misleading world about coronavirus origins - From Wuhan P4 Bioweapon Lab. 
"I'm going to do something meaningful today" He didn't say meaningful only because he gonna recorde this he said it cuz the song that him n xiaojun participated in is a song zhoumi will release it to support his hometown "wuhan" 
"You are so beautiful when you smile. Go, Wuhan!" A beautiful song in Chinese from pupils of Cascade Elementary School in Utah, USA, expressing their pure love for Chinese people.  …
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  #FBR
Things move very fast. Only last week a number of opeds blamed China's political system where people are not supposed to "make waves" or convey bad news for a very slow reaction to the outbreak of the coronavirus in Wuhan.
"In Wuhan, the system failed, monumentally." ICYMI, an excellent, detailed account of what went wrong after the first cases of #coronavirus were  …
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  04
What are the spots on the left side of Biden's head? Wuhan?!?!
It's elder abuse forcing Biden to stand for two hours and get the shit kicked out of him as his body struggles against the Wuhan virus
Biden: "I have the Wuhan virus. I know how to survive"
Did O bama know the Harvard professor recently arrested for fraud with ties to Wuhan? BTW, we are still waiting for o bamas Harvard records to be unsealed that he had sealed. Show who he is, now!
This is what daily life is like for an American living in Wuhan, China, under coronavirus lockdown 
Coronavirus: South Korean ‘s Shincheonji Church Of Jesus, linked to largest cluster of outbreak, held evangelical meetings in Wuhan, China until December  …
 home little ones . They are part of 66 who landed at KLIA this morning from Wuhan . Those with symptoms will be treated at designated hospital , those without will be transferred to the same academy in Nilai where they will be quarantined and closely monitored 14 days  
66 have returned from Wuhan this morning instead of 75 because some were not well enough to fly . They are now undergoing screening and will be quarantined and monitored. It’s the second humanitarian flight to bring home Malaysians stuck in Wuhan. #COVID19  
The person who hugged passers-by in Florence, Massimiliano Martigli Jiang, is Chinese-Italian, not an international student from Wuhan. The insinuation that the outbreak in Italy was because of the  living there is appalling. 
More antiviral drugs for novel coronavirus patients sent to Wuhan from China's Zhejiang Province. 
10) The CDC confirms 53 cases known in the U.S. 36 cases from passengers repatriated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship (previously quarantined Japan). 3 patients were infected in Wuhan (later evacuated to U.S.) The rest were U.S. persons infected while traveling overseas.
Dr. Bruce Aylward—who just returned from a 2-week mission to #China, including the city of #Wuhan—has urged other countries to get ready for a potential #CoronavirusOutbreak within their own borders as soon as  …
Certainly NOT advocating for taking this Wuhan Coronavirus lightly as it spreads worldwide, but just remember to keep it in perspective! When you see globalists, Dems & media ALL jumping on this opportunity to damage our economy & also attack the @POTUS' handling...take note 
Italy struggles with coronavirus 'that doesn't respect borders'. 11 deaths now confirmed with parts of the country's north under a Wuhan-style lockdown  
Nurses from Sichuan have brought five animals to a Wuhan hospital to help patients. Don't be alarmed, the animals might not be what you first imagine... #martialarts 
Trump should do a trip to Wuhan in the Spring to prove to Americans that the #CoronavirusOutbreak will be eliminated after the 
To Rush’s faithful listeners I say: Believe him! Fly to Wuhan, walk around without a mask, contract coronavirus and debunk this plot to take down Donald Trump head on!!!!  …
As of today, only +\- 12 labs in the US can run tests for the Wuhan virus. (CDC sent out test kits earlier this month that were unusable.) In other words, there may very well  spread of the virus but few are testing for it. The CDC is playing a game here.  …
"By late December 2019, doctors in Wuhan were already sounding the alarm over cases of what appeared to them to be SARS. Instead of listening to their warnings, the authorities summoned eight of these doctors for a dressing-down."  …
South Korean church linked to coronavirus outbreak has branch in Wuhan  
They Documented the Coronavirus Crisis in Wuhan. Then They Vanished.  …
Bannon: As @SenTomCotton said, it's incumbent upon the Chinese & #CCP to fully open up #Wuhan, P4 Lab. @JackMaxey1: They must bring down the firewall. CCP is biggest obstacle to progress, transparency. #WarRoomPandemic #coronavirus  
China took the necessary precautions to contain the Coronavirus, put all their resources to use to limit the spread & damage. They  people stay put, especially in Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus, but people thought they knew better & began evacuating people
FYI-HOW TO SURVIVE WUHAN PANDEMIC AND FOOD STORES BEING DEPLETED Stock up on whey protein powder. I don’t know why no one has talked about this You can get whey protein in 5lb and 10lb containers easily not be cheap as beans, but you’d be nutritionally set for months
Wuhan is quarantining everyone they previously declared to be "clear" of the coronavirus. As it turns out, they've just  asymptomatic, but they still spread the disease.  …
High-speed #trains remain in their tracks at the #Wuhan Railway Station on Sunday as their services have been suspended because of novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak. All trains starting or terminating in Wuhan, Hubei province, have been suspended. 
GUY IN BROMPTON: [from within full hazmat suit] so we can plan for 50% of the population to be dead unless the virus attenuates. it will be up to us to repopulate GUY IN WUHAN: yeah I have to stay in my apartment gaming. it sucks a lot and I’m worried about my grandparents
If #MAGA doesn't believe in the Coronavirus, they need to take a trip to Wuhan to own us libs I'm willing to start a GoFundMe to donate to airline tickets
The Daily Star and multiple posts online have claimed a book predicted the outbreak of the novel Wuhan coronavirus, Covid-19. It didn't. A 1981 sci-fi novel described a disease called "Wuhan-400" that bears little resemblance to Covid-19.  …
Today in absolutely terrifying news: The DHS Secretary—the person literally in charge of managing a public health emergency—claimed that the seasonal flu was as deadly as the Wuhan coronavirus.
[RT] "The Slayer’s Journey", a Kimetsu no Yaiba tarot zine, is now OPEN FOR PREORDERS!! ✦ ENDS MARCH 20TH! ✦ All proceeds will go towards getting medical supplies to Wuhan ☾ STORE:  
Seeing a doctor in protective gear at the isolation ward can be scary, especially for children infected with the #coronavirus. Now, the medical staff at Wuhan Children's Hospital  up with more fun options than the average white suit. 
Yes. Whatever the specific numbers, the virus crashed Wuhan’s healthcare system in less than 60 days. It is now spreading in very different places like Singapore, South Korea, Japan, Iran, and Italy. American exceptionalism probably doesn’t extend to the virus.  …
The political ramifications of the Wuhan virus in the US are many. Ex: the virus is most deadly with the elderly and those  health. Bernie Sanders is 78, recently had a heart attack, and won’t release his medical records.
The U.S. govt warned of coronavirus spread after outbreaks in Iran and Italy. It says the U.S. only has about 10% of the 300M masks it needs, but added risk to the public "remains low." The WHO says the outbreak has peaked in Wuhan, but other countries "are simply not ready." 
VIDEO: Police from #Chongqing who  to support #Wuhan are stepping off the plane at Wuhan’s Tianhe International Airport. Stay informed about the latest #Coronavirus updates delivered daily to your inbox:  
“The lone microbiology lab in China that handles viruses like the coronavirus is located in Wuhan” What are we to make of that?  …
Wishing you a (supposedly) happy Chinese New Year... from Wuhan hospital’s isolation ward. Kinda dark. Who’s idea is this?  …
CDC’s @DrNancyM_CDC should be fired. You don’t hold a press conference, drop bombs like “prepare” because the Wuhan virus “might get bad,” & then dribble out a few nuggets of advice. We need a PR campaign. WH address to the nation, websites, TV adverts, etc. This is madness.  …
I just came back from a trip and while I was going through security I witnessed a woman freak out at the TSA agent for being asked to lower her mask so they could verify her identity... she went off about how she was going to contract the Wuhan Corona virus and I just, sigh
Pretty rich for open-border Democrats who want "free" healthcare for illegals criticizing @realDonaldTrump for Wuhan Coronavirus who was first impose travel restrictions. Maybe Pelosi can clean her filthy district first?  …
#China This widely circulated video showing the notorious CCP bandits "Chengguan" (Urban Administrators) of #Wuhan robbing vegetables from a citizen & loaded the vegetables onto their truck. That's why you should NEVER donate to #China. 
The @CDCgov is botching this. You do not start ringing alarm bells that the Wuhan virus  and simply say: “Prepare” because it “might get bad.” Have a PR campaign of concrete steps of how to prepare to avoid panic. Trump needs to bash heads at CDC. This is a mess. 
When the British people from Wuhan came back to Britain the  that took them to quarantine was call horseman and there were 4 of them, the four horsemen. It's going to be biblical. 
The Fall Of Wuhan (Lessons For America)  …
Severe rain leaking at Huoshenshan (Fire God Mountain) Hospital in #Wuhan. Stay informed about the latest #Coronavirus updates delivered daily to your inbox:  
While the West has demonized China's response to the coronavirus outbreak, according to the head of a World Health Organization delegation that visited Wuhan, China’s rigorous measures prevented hundreds of thousands of infections  …
Vietnamese returning from Wuhan must be isolated in military barracks. Koreans were given permission to stay in a 4-star hotel, they still criticized. Don't you think it's too much? Everything has its limit. Cho qua Iran bây giờ #ApologizeToVietNam  
You’re a fucking asshole Michael Vaughan!!! You’ll learn a lesson soon for trolling the legends like Sachin Tendulkar!!! You better know how to pronounce your name Vaughan or Wuhan ( the city where corona virus came from) get the hell out of here  …
In Wuhan, those struggling with life-threatening health issues other than coronavirus say that medical care is nearly impossible  by. One father described being unable to schedule life-saving surgery for his child born with a rare genetic disease. 
From article: ~"In worst case, Australia will need 1 million ICU beds." -> from Google: Australia has 2,000 ICU beds -> each  needs a RAPID lockdown to reduce viral momentum and spread health care demand. Wuhan waited too long.
Shelves in Northern #Italy are empty as Italians prepare for the #CoronaVirus. There have been 229 cases and 7 deaths so far. #Xi and the #CCP's wicked censorship and #Communism are having repercussions thousands of miles away from #Wuhan. 
NHS 'will charge British man's Chinese wife £10,000 to have their baby in UK hospital' after they were evacuated from coronavirus-hit Wuhan So she should pay, she doesn't pay tax in UK. Does the husband? If you leave the system should be on you're own.  …
With or without a government, Malaysia is bringing home the remaining 75 Malaysians and their spouses & children who are still stuck in Wuhan. This is the second humanitarian flight , thanks to a dedicated mission team safe trip everyone. 
A public health emergency paralysed #Wuhan, yet a makeshift hospital was built in just 10 days! How was that even possible, and who made it happen? 
I find this video linking C-virus to  5G rollout in Wuhan coincided with outbreak; 5G frequency severely impacts oxygen uptake. People walking down street don’t drop dead instantly from a virus. Even the cruise ship had advanced connectivity.  …
Says people think of lockdown of Wuhan, but actually China used the same approach to different degrees in places depending on whether there were no cases of #COVID19, sporadic cases, clusters  transmission. "fundamentals were always the same”, but tailored to locale.
Headlines: Ugandan Students return home from Wuhan 
Hundreds of hairdressers offer free haircut service for medics in Wuhan. 
Paper published by two hospitals designated to treat #COVID19 patents in #Wuhan on The Lancet Respiratory Medicine Journal revealed 61.5% of 52 critically ill patients had died at 28 days, which is higher than the mortality rate of SARS and MERS. 
#coronavirus #COVIDー19 If incubation period is now 27 days without symptoms then why is Heathrow still allowing 3 flights in from Wuhan per week. UK still believes its 5 days before showing symptoms. Other flights from mainland china are  in. Very concerning. 
Can you believe this?? Milan is deserted just like Wuhan. Is rest of world is ready for such an emergency??? 
Wuhan woman says #coronavirus patients CREMATED 
Hey Salvini, tell that iddiot Fontana that this VIRUS is a BIO-WEAPON - genetically engineered in a North Carolina Lab, and brought to Wuhan by a Chinese scientist. it is DESIGNED to K*LL. Mortality rate is 18%. not 3%. I have the documents. be advised.
Milan is deserted just like Wuhan. 
Iran has now spread #CoronaVirus to Iraq, Lebanon, Bahrain, Oman, Kuwait and the UAE while still suppressing the truth on the real figures, It’s rapidly  the Middle East’s Wuhan. #COVID2019
There are still about 90 Indians stuck at Wuhan, China. 8 of them are from Maharashtra. I’ve spoken to all of them and their families here. I’ve been told that the Air Force flight will be landing tomorrow in China. We all pray for their safe and early return. 
6 patients are cured from #Coronavirius on the same day in Suzhou, a 41-confirmed-case city. Those angels are so happy for patients and themselves, and dance to send them off. #china #wuhan #wuhanvirus #coronaviruswuhan #COVID19 #Covid_19 #lifeinchina #staystrong #Hubei 
#CoronavirusOutbreak Colleagues, family of deceased medics in Wuhan mourn loss 
Chinese scientists have concluded that the Wuhan coronavirus did not originate at a wild meat market as the Communist Party had previously asserted, the South China Morning Post reported on Sunday. Of course not....  …
Disinfection tunnels are part of a larger effort to ward off the virus, as quarantined efforts in the Wuhan province doubles down See why experts aren't convinced of how effective these methods are in decontamination:  
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  03
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 19 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
This is what daily life is like for an American living in Wuhan, China, under coronavirus lockdown 
"To the people in Wuhan, it is recognized that the world is in your debt," says a WHO expert on Wuhan's contribution to the #coronavirus fight. 
All the masks sold out & this is in the US where the virus hasn’t even hit yet.. #Coronavirius #corona #wuhan #coronavirus #coronaviruschina #coronavirususa #USA #coronanews #china #virus #CVID19 #chinaflu #flu #wuhanflu #outbreak #cdc #n95 #n99 #italy 
apparently there are speculations that Daegu might potentially  the “2nd Wuhan” and go on lockdown.... I’m praying for taegi’s families man
THIS CHINESE BILLIONAIRE IS A CRITIC OF CHINA. DO YOU BELIEVE HIM OR GOV'T? MilesGuo: 'in #Wuhan, 49 crematories have been burning corpses 24/7 for at least 17 days, each day, 1,200 bodies burnt.' THAT COMES TO OVER 50,000 DEAD #coronavirus 
"The only successful measure we know so far to contain #COVID19 has been here in China". "To the people in #Wuhan, the world is in your debt." Bruce Aylward, co-head of the China-WHO Joint Mission, recognizes Chinese people's sacrifice  COVID19. 
Wuhan woman 'with schizophrenia' climbs 8 storeys of tower block after 'son locked her up to prevent her from catching coronavirus' 
Serological assay developed in the lab of #LinfaWang, @dukenus. Grace Assembly coronavirus mystery solved: Mega-cluster linked to 2 Wuhan tourists via a CNY party and Life Church cluster 
“He said it was the duty of a doctor, and I supported him." 29-year-old Dr. Peng Yinhua has died after postponing his wedding to fight the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan, China's state media reports. He leaves his pregnant wife behind #Covid_19 
We have confirmed that the locally transmitted COVID-19 infection cluster at Grace Assembly of God is linked to the cluster at The Life Church and Missions Singapore, where 2 travellers from Wuhan had visited and were likely to be the source of infection.  …
Seriously let’s give this guy a one way ticket to Wuhan so he can make sure his statement is true.  …
Amazing shot. Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, virtually abandoned. ( 
♪The most beautiful voice, hope is your dependence♪ As of February 17, 2020, China has sent more than 32,000 medical staff to support Wuhan. They saved the patient and love Click on the link below to watch  … #TUBS #TheUntamedBoys
On Tuesday, Japan's #coronavirus patients climbed to 853, including 691 people from the Diamond Princess cruise ship and 14 residents who returned on chartered flights from Wuhan, reports say 
5/ A Chinese spy couple stole IP about diseases - the hubby specialized in *ding ding ding* and they sent their shit to *ding ding ding* Wuhan Now there has been a fair amount of debate among the Q crowd...  …
How to buy groceries in Wuhan while residents are encouraged to stay at home to avoid further spread of the #coronavirus? Our correspondent visits a few supermarkets and grocery 
This robot is serving meals to medical staff in Wuhan! #AI #Robotics #5G via @cheddar @MikeQuindazzi @SpirosMargaris @HaroldSinnott @kashthefuturist @Paula_Piccard @ipfconline1 @ShiCooks @labordeolivier @tewoz @kalydeoo @Ym78200 @sebbourguignon @Nicochan33 @chboursin 
Life savior! Four ECMO machines arrived in Wuhan, the epicenter of #COVID19 still in lockdown, on Tuesday, bringing hope to patients in critical condition. The machine pumps and oxygenates a patient's blood outside the body, allowing the heart and lungs to 
Medical workers from NE China's Dalian learned finger language to encourage deaf novel #coronavirus pneumonia patients at Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, saying "Don't worry. You can get good treatment here. We love you." 
Reuters: CHINA FOREIGN MINISTRY, ASKED ABOUT WSJ REPORTER QUARANTINED IN WUHAN, SAYS OUT OF HUMANITARIAN CONSIDERATIONS WE WILL ALLOW HER TO STAY IN WUHAN
A local in Italy's coronavirus 'red zone' tells me: 'Food shops left open let in 5 at a time, people are in masks and the chemist is serving through a hatch. We saw news about Wuhan but never thought it would happen here. It’s like an unreal cemetery' 
A pandemic is no time to go wobbly on words. When I wrote that Wuhan was the covid-19 epicentre, an unnamed @TheEconomist editor set me straight: "Epidemics don't have epicentres. The epicentre is the point on the Earth's surface above the location of an underground earthquake."
How are you Mr. Wuhan ??
200225 Yixing will have a livestream later at 20:00 CST "We're thousands of miles apart but we'll always be together. After a month since the Wuhan lockdown, are you guys alright? Let us be the warm sun & shining stars for each other — if you're afraid, please hold my hand." 
China will continue to take the strictest control and prevention measures in Hubei to battle against #COVID19, the National Health Commission said on Tue. Strict control on outbound movement of people in Wuhan and other cities in Hubei where traffic control in place will remain. 
Allegedly a woman from #Wuhan climbed down from her home on the 10th floor just to go out and buy some meat. 
"With our support, Wuhan is not alone." #StandWithWuhan A video capturing Wuhan's journey through the #COVID19 outbreak expresses our shared hope for the city's quick 
At Optics Valley Branch of Tongji Hospital, Wuhan, an emergency intubation team for COVID-19 patients are working around the clock to save lives. Check out what their work looks like at a short distance. 
Applications are now open for the Wuhan University Scholarship 2020 which is a full scholarship established by the Ministry of Education to support Chinese universities to attract outstanding international students for graduate studies in China  …
A Facebook post has claimed that patents exist for a number of viruses, including BSE, Zika and the new Wuhan coronavirus. Patents don't exist for these three viruses, and other parts of the post are misleading.  …
My take This particular video is staged. I do agree with Amir that the  are in fact scooping up citizens in Wuhan and other areas if they believe they’re infected. In fact they’re likely using the “crisis” to arrest Christians and free thinkers who are not infected  …
2/ "...particularly in Wuhan City & Hubei Province. Epidemic curves reflect..early cases suggestive of a  source, potentially #zoonotic spillover at Huanan Seafood Market, & later cases suggestive of...transmitted frm person to  …
Wuhan freaked everyone out by easing its lockdown, only to hit reverse hours later. Even Beijing can lose control of the narrative sometimes, writes @shuli_ren  … via @bopinion
Recuerden este personaje/ Remember this guy "Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program" University of #Wuhan  …
Here’s an incredible first-person account of a Wuhan delivery driver who spends his days delivering meals to hospitals, searching for elusive face masks and green vegetables, and checking on the pets of residents who haven’t been able to return to the city  …
. @HomelandKen, the Acting Deputy Secretary of @DHSgov, says: "We can't rule out anything when  to theory(s) that the #coronavirus may have originated in a high-security biochemical lab in Wuhan, China"  …
"Coronavirus" lts a good possibility it came from China's level 4 super lab, located in Wuhan. Should US citizens be worried? You damn right! 1 infected person can spread to 100s, & 100s infected can spread to 1000s, Just do the math, We need to act NOW ! ! 
ENEMY OF THE TRUTH: Communist China silenced doctor who tried to warn the world about CV, he was reprimanded for spreading “illegal-false” info. China says outbreak started in the ‘wet market.’ Wuhan National Biosafety Lab is a short distance from the market, coincidence??  … 
I've stopped reporting "official" coronavirus numbers because China is hiding the real numbers. If there's only 2,500 deaths then why did Wuhan get 40 massive incinerators? What are they burning? And why are doctors around the world using HIV drugs to fight it?  …
COVID-19 AKA Wuhan Coronavirus, Bioterrorism or Propaganda? Both? Ep 5 is a bit long but worth the watch. Find out why the Harvard Crimson is publishing an article about my threads & videos on this subject. #COVID19 #PropagandaWars 
New variations on the telco location tracking in China for the coronavirus. Outside the exit-entry bureau of Shanghai there’s a QR-code based version. Choose the code that corresponds with your  scan, and it shows where you’ve been. The guards check for Wuhan. 
1) That picture of Limbaugh is decades out of date... 2) Then send Rush to Wuhan if the coronavirus is no big deal
The coronavirus may have leaked from Wuhan P4 lab- Some Chinese researchers r in the habit of selling their lab animals to street vendors after they have finished experimenting on them.  …
5G-WEAPONIZED TECH: Wuhan, China is a test-bed location for the rollout of 5G. The 5G Network uses the same EMF waves as Pentagon Crowd Control Systems, and weakens the immune system. AND Wuhan is where CV outbreak first started, coincidence??  …  … 
It's not the fatality rate that makes this a pandemic...its the lightning speed & ease of interpersonal transmission & the strain on/lack of medical facilities, personnel, medicines, supplies to deal with such an overload. 40,000 doctors were sent to Wuhan.
This too is #socialism: How did #WuhanCoronovirus get out of the lab? To make extra money, the lab workers in #Wuhan take the animals they have conducted experiments on to the local meat market and sell them for food! #CoronavirusCoverup #WuhanPneumonia 
[Trans] 200224 Yixing's call to a fan (a health care worker) who volunteered to go to Wuhan When she was reluctant to hang up, Yixing played the for her. He also said "when the epidemic is over, I'll be waiting for you  to my concert. You  
I'll be accused of being a #ccp troll merely for posting this, but the @WHO Dr. Bruce Aylward is very, very clearly praising the actions of the Chinese government at the press conference of the Who china mission. #covid19 #coronavirus #wuhan 
Live: Over 1,000 beds now available at Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital #coronavirus  …
As of Feb 24, the US has confirmed 53 cases of #COVID19: - 36 from the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship - 3 back from Wuhan - 14 domestic cases 
8. who funded the research on that bio-weapon, in that N. Carolina Lab? the NIH & a  - together. that Chinese scientist from Wuhan then went back home, and we have seen what happened there. accidental release, or on purpose? who knows...
#Coronavirus patients are being burned alive by the Communist Party government ! #CCP_is_terrorist #CCP_is_Nazi #nCoV19 #COVD19 #COVID_2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanOutbreak #wuhan #ChinaWuhan #COVD19 #WuhanLockDown #nCoV2019 
I think this is a good sign that they still don't really know how it's spreading. Scary time to have no real leader here in the States. Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
Korean Doomsday cultist with Wuhan lab access infects himself with sample used for Event 201 simulation, passes along to network of co-cultist “super-spreaders,” each boarding international flights, including to large US and European metros... All I’m saying is it’s a good story
The Wuhan local govt probably acted far too slowly. But cities in Italy and Korea are now also struggling to deal with outbreaks, after plenty of time to prepare. So maybe this is just an unusually contagious virus, which would have overwhelmed any different political system.
One for conspiracy theories: this guy wrote the profile for a “fictional coronavirus pandemic” exercise sponsored by the Gates Foundation on 10/18/19, within days of the beginning of the outbreak in Wuhan. And now he’s declaring that it can’t be contained   …
Mr. President, the CDC and the NIH are deceiving you. they are DEEP STATE assets. they want to destroy your Economy. that's their plan. check a certain N. Carolina Lab & its ties to Wuhan.
"The world owes you a debt," a message to #Wuhan residents from @WHO expert Dr. Bruce Aylward, who said China's response to #COVID19 has shifted the curve of the rapid rise in new cases of #COVID19 – an 80% drop in two weeks of a tricky and dangerous 
New online: Radiological findings from 81 patients with COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a descriptive study  … #COVID19
CoronaVirus UPDATE: CDC says outside WuHan, Mortality less than 1%; In WuHan, Mortality 2-4% Studies done on weaponized CoronaVirus that has higher mortality may involve Asian Men who SMOKE EXCESSIVELY which increases risk substantially.
Exclusive: A cluster of 19 deaths since Dec. 23 was found at a nursing home near the Wuhan seafood market with only one Covid-19 case reported though 10 others died of respiratory failure.  …
Study of 72,000 COVID-19 patients finds 2.3% death rate  #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID19 #Wuhan 
“How could such a big decision have been so carelessly done?” Officials in #Wuhan announced an easing of #Lockdown measures—only to withdraw the statement less than 4 hours later. The sudden retraction drew criticism  and  …
The jail in Jining, Shandong story: son of the prison director returns from Wuhan, gets ill, infects his dad, director conceals it, but already infected his deputy&prisoners. hires 50 villagers to build an isolation centre, get caught, then they send all 50 back home  …
Despite China's claim that the coronavirus outbreak was traced back to a market in Wuhan that sold live animals, there have been rumblings that the disease escaped from a biology lab or was part of a biological warfare experiment. 
#Wuhan during morning rush hour 
We should start a movement, convince Rush to travel to outer Wuhan, contract the virus, return to the US to show off his  at the White House. Major win-win. You-know-who would surely end up a statistic.
The disaster for the citizens of Wuhan isn't primarily a virus. The disaster is a Chinese gov't that cares more about a self-serving narrative of control than it cares about saving the lives of its citizens. Right now I'm not sure the US is any different.  …
Yixing is the sweetest Idol out there :') calling selected lucky fans personally :') @layzhang although chances like this will 99% not happen to me, I'm still thankful for all that you did for us, allowing xbacks in Wuhan feel warmth in tough times like this
This is what daily life is like for an American living in Wuhan, China, under coronavirus lockdown 
Chinese scientists concluded the Wuhan coronavirus did not originate at a wild meat market as the Communist Party had previously asserted. 
Even if 80% of cases are mild or even wholly asymptomatic, the virus is highly contagious so N can get large fast. The sheer number of severe cases can then overwhelm a healthcare system — as happened in Wuhan.  …
There are 53 confirmed cases in the U.S., including 36 evacuated from the cruise ship, 3 evacuated from Wuhan, and 14 domestic cases
More "glitched" official statistical figures of #WuhanCoronavirus from #China - Hubei Province: 203 new confirmed case; Wuhan (capital of Hubei Province): 406 new confirmed cases. ZERO new confirmed cases in ALL other cities in Hubei Province. Unbelievable.  …
Girl is seen giving out facemasks for free at the busy street of Tokyo, holding a sign saying "Wuhan reciprocates your kindness", as experts agreed that Japan was in the early stage of #COVID19 outbreak. Japan has reported 159 domestic infected cases by 
Every time i hear about Wuhan i think about the post-rock band I saw open for Mono in Shanghai that only spoke at the beginning of their set to say "Hello.... we are from Wuhan... it is... boring"
#China Allegedly a woman from #Wuhan climbed down from her home on the 10th floor just to go out and buy some meat. 
If "the risk of virus spreading widely in #China has passed," @HuXijin_GT, why is Beijing still cancelling public meetings in Beijing and other locations far from #Wuhan? #COVID19  …
#Covid19 CFR in Wuhan is between 2% - 4% Outside Wuhan in China it is 0.7%. - from @WHO press conference Chinese epidemiologist (interviewed on @JAMANetwork two weeks ago put it near 1% (but thought it would drop when mild cases accounted for)
A woman connected to a source with knowledge of the situation at a hospital in #Wuhan recently told the Chinese-language @EpochTimes that many medical staff have  infected after treating patients. Her source provided a name list of those who are  …
This - from @mtosterholm - is in a nutshell what we have learnt the last few days: „As chilling as it is to imagine this scenario, what happened in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the epicenter of the outbreak, will likely play out elsewhere, too.“  …
[trans] 200224 One of the winners of @lay_studio’s exclusive event for Wuhan xingmis, shares about her phone call with yixing yixing really dotes on us too much... he told her to hang up first & as she couldn’t bear to hang up, he ran downstairs to play the piano for her 
Bannon: Your public health in places like Kansas City, MO is directly tied to public health in #Wuhan You may not have an interest in the virus, but the #coronavirus has an interest in you #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
An image from the website 'Windy' is being shared to claim that sulphur dioxide levels in China's Wuhan have increased due to mass cremations of coronavirus victims. #AltNewsSciCheck finds the claim untrue. @AltNewsScience |  …
A seafood market in Wuhan might have boosted circulation of the deadly #coronavirus, but may not have ben where it originated, according to a new study.  
A Chinese interpreter sobs as she translates a speech by #WHO expert Bruce Aylward, who thanks the people of Wuhan for their sacrifice. 
China’s Wuhan lockdown helped limit global spread of coronavirus, says World Health Organisation  …
"In nations with few or no reported cases..absence of evidence shouldn’t be interpreted as evidence of absence..[I]t reflects lack of testing." "As chilling as it is to imagine..what happened in Wuhan..will likely play out elsewhere" It Is a Pandemic 
The global auto industry was caught off guard by the severity of the #coronavirus outbreak. The lockdowns in #Wuhan and surrounding  with auto plant closures, have already started to take a toll on car sales and production.  …
He made several posts to warn his fans and to wish everyone well, he also donated anonymously to help sick people in Wuhan. I think he's well aware people are dying + probably got family and friends in risks zones. I think you can sit this one out.  …
1. @WHO @DrTedros says that the #Covid19 mission to China has found that the case fatality rate in Wuhan is between 2% - 4%. Outside Wuhan in China it is 0.7%. Sobering.
"They found that the fatality rate is between 2%-4% in Wuhan, & 0.7% outside Wuhan. They found that for people with mild #COVID19 disease, recovery time is about two weeks, while people with severe or critical disease recover within three to six weeks"- @DrTedros #coronavirus
"Earlier today the WHO- #China joint mission concluded its visit & delivered its report. As you know, the team has traveled to several different provinces, including Wuhan"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
Another 4th study reporting asyptomatic transmission of #COVID19. “2-family cluster of persons infected with #SARSCoV2... infections resulted from contact with an infected but potentially presymptomatic traveler from Wuhan.” Pretty settled issue now I say.  …
The risk of virus spreading widely in China has passed. Wuhan is still in lockdown while new infection cases are steadily decreasing,even disappearing, in other areas. Situation in countries such as S. Korea is worse than China. Global trade&travel could fall to large scale chaos
Chinese researchers report on a case where a pre-symptomatic man from Wuhan appears to have infected 2 people in Zhoushan. Each infected at least one other family member.  …
Virus epicenter Wuhan revokes announcement easing lockdown  
I’d like to thank the WHO for spending ten days giving empty praise to the Chinese government’s response to the Wuhan virus before reluctantly declaring an emergency. It really saved us from catching a low opinion of that dictatorship.  …
A nurse in Hebei is departing for Wuhan to aid the #coronavirus fight. Find out what he believes is the best birthday gift. 
On the one hand, he’s one of the world’s leading epidemiologists. On the other hand, he just went into hospitals in Wuhan. The Chinese government has a mandatory 14-day quarantine for anyone whose been to Wuhan/Hubei
I just asked Bruce Aylward, who was in Wuhan over the weekend, why he was not in quarantine. He said he didn’t go to any “dirty” areas in Wuhan and that he was tested for coronavirus this morning. He hastily left the press conference because he has a plane to catch...
Im am curious to see how the Wuhan situation will play out in affecting food production International import/exports in food are a Rube Goldberg machine Very very few countries are "self sufficient" in their production breakdowns in that system would be cataclysmic
#Cryptonaires #Crypto Doc Clip - Getting to know @justinsuntron “I lived in #Wuhan for 3 years. I was 9 (years old)” “The first time I took a flight”| #bitcoin #xrp #ethereum $trx @Cointelegraph @coindesk @newsbtc @bitcoinist @CCNMarkets @Tronfoundation 
EYE believe the black people in the united states can hold racist beliefs, use racist language, and perpetuate racism (ie. anti-immigration racism, or making racially charged jokes about what is going on in wuhan china) but if we're looking at racism as a whole and what it fully
Doctors often devote half an hour and follow 9 steps to wear a protective outfit before entering a Fang Cang makeshift hospital in Wuhan. After putting on the "armors," they are the warriors fighting against the 
China this morning lowered #coronavirus threat level in few cities which lifted #Wuhan travel ban just long enough for World Health Organization to publish a release saying #Covid19 is not in pandemic category anymore...Now Wuhan travel ban reinstated... The WHO appears corrupt – at The White House
Warning ,this is a indisposed video #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak, In #Wuhan, thousands upon thousands ciziens locked inside of their because of inflected #WuhanPneumonia or suspicion infection case, without any daily support, tragedy starting in everywhere. @SolomonYue 
HEAD OF WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION EXPERT TEAM TO CHINA SAYS CORONAVIRUS RISK FROM WUHAN HAS GONE WAY DOWN Follow the story live: 
Many staff who are on the frontlines in confronting the #COVID19 outbreak in #Wuhan and #HubeiProvince have  infected with the  …
11. @WHO #Covid19 mission chief Bruce Aylward says to the people in Wuhan: "The world is in your debt."
I spent the weekend studying and tracking the Wuhan flu. The new outbreaks are happening in tourism hot spots. With spring training in session and spring  I'm not going anywhere but work. If I lived in Orlando I would be making arrangements to move
 after all the truth tellers. Harry Chen PhD user . @IsChinar has been suspended by Twitter. He'd spent weeks posting insider video from Wuhan about #coronavirus & rampant abuses by #CCP Any one know any alternate account with similar 
Search "5G" on Facebook and you rapidly disappear down a conspiracy theory rabbit hole. Group called Working Together to Keep Devon 5G Free where top post is a Californian YouTuber saying coronavirus started in Wuhan due to its 5G rollout.
The 3rd batch of French supplies have arrived in Wuhan and the Consul General decided to stay for his duty. A friend in need is a friend indeed. Our bilateral relations are strong and our friendship will only deepen through the joint fight against 
Just in: Hong Kong Secretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs, Patrick Nip, announces to use chartered flights to evacuate Hong Kong residents stranded in Hubei in groups. The evacuation starts with those currently in Wuhan, the #COVID2019 epicentre, he 
The WHO has been downplaying the danger of this pandemic for the past months while praising the lying ChiCom. Communist China & WHO must be held accountable! Watch Live: WHO Team Tells The World What's Really Happening On The Ground In Wuhan | Zero Hedge  …
On severity: most patients are mild cases. 80% are mild. 13.8% severe. 6.1% critical. Death rate 3-4% nationally. Outside Wuhan: 0.7%. From symptoms to confirmed, lowered from 12 days in early Jan to 3 days now. For Wuhan, 5 to 15 days. Evidence diagnosis ability has improved...
At a Chinese National Health Commission/World Heath Organiszation briefing about their trip to Wuhan to “learn about coronavirus prevention and control measures.” Journalists are spaced a meter apart (that’s me with @onlyyoontv and 
#coronavirus live data. Very interesting to explore. No need to panic if outside of virus epicenter of Wuhan. Survival rate if infected is very high. Practice good hand hygiene. Travel bans seem to contain the virus. Economic damages will be temporary. 
Big thanks to Austria , Czech Republic , Hungary and Slovenia for sending protective equipment to Wuhan to help stop the spread of the #Coronavirus #COVID19. With EU support, a plane left Vienna yesterday with masks, gloves and protective clothing to keep people 
Virus epicenter Wuhan revokes announcement easing lockdown  
80% of coronavirus cases are mild. It is not invariably fatal or life-threatening. Elderly and sick people are at greatest risk, as always with viruses. Don't go to Wuhan. Don't beat up people who look Chinese. Don't avoid them on the train. Not difficult, is it?
240,000 necessity goods have been delivered to frontline medical staff in #Wuhan! One of the top requests received via our emergencies supply line was for sanitary & disposable underwear & napkins. With limited protective gear, they're unable to use the toilet for up to 10hrs. /1 
Zhao finished the briefing by thanking reporters for working "extra hard" these days and their 24/7 coverage of China’s response to the coronavirus outbreak. You know who's been working extra hard on this? @Chao_Deng, the expelled @WSJ reporter who remains stuck in Wuhan
"There are people dropping on the footpath, literally." @4corners charts the #Coronavirus outbreak from Wuhan, whether a cover up by Chinese authorities allowed the virus to spread and the race to develop a vaccine. #4Corners starts 
Was the net really necessary? China has no chill #Wuhan #Coronavirus 
4) They scrubbed that branch off the internet immediately after the Wuhan outbreak. 5) Around half of all Korean Coronavirus cases are tied to the cult. 6) Lee Man-hee claims that his Messianic powers won't be fully manifested until after the apocalypse. Which "is close".
We haven't nearly reached peak scaremongering yet, however. 1) The cult has spread similar diseases twice before. 2) Infected members of the cult have been using travel extensively in the past few weeks, including to Israel. 3) They had a branch in Wuhan.
The 31st Coronavirus case in South Korea was a member of the Shincheonji cult. She's considered a superspreader, and it's unclear how she has contracted the virus, as she hasn't traveled to Wuhan, China or even anywhere abroad. Scary.
Pray for the people of Wuhan.  …
You wont believe it In the morning, the 17th special policy from Wuhan city gov declares the quarantine partially lifted. In the afternoon, the 18th special policy from Wuhan city gov declares the 17th policy abolished. The governance of China/ CCP...pure chaos... 
I think everyone in the world affected by the Wuhan Pneumonia #COVID19 can blame @WHO for their kowtow to China who kept saying it is not a threat, and China did great all the time. Look forward? Yes, convince other @WHO is still credible first  …
Did anyone know that China went live with 5G in the Fall of 2019? Wuhan was the pilot city.
Wuhan eases lockdown-then backtracks. Said people essential to virus control, city operations, or in need of special medical care, can travel w/ permits. Then post deleted. New one says work team posted w/o permission and city will strictly follow Xi’s orders & forbid spread out. 
CCP central govt just *REVOKED* Wuhan government’s lifting of the lockdown claiming it was unauthorized. Ummm, someone is in big trouble and/or someone is revolting against Beijing.  …
#BREAKING Wuhan reverses quarantine relaxation: official 
NEW: Wuhan City says it is retracting a previous announcement to ease lockdown restrictions, says the statement was released without approval
Earlier today, Wuhan authorities had announced relaxing month-long quarantine measures and allowing some to leave the epicentre of #coronavirus. Now four hours later, they have retracted the order, saying it has not been studied and approved by 
Reuters: VIRUS EPICENTRE WUHAN'S ANNOUNCEMENT THAT IT WOULD LET SOME PEOPLE LEAVE CITY WAS MADE WITHOUT AUTHORISATION AND HAS BEEN REVOKED - LOCAL GOVERNMENT
#BREAKING: The Wuhan govt has suddenly called a halt to the regulation that would allow non-locals stranded in the city with no symptoms to leave since it has not obtained the agreement from the Wuhan leadership. Wuhan is the epicentre of the #COVID19 pneumonia. 1,017 died there.  
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 18 days! PLEASE at least let him call his mum and dad! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
“He said it was the duty of a doctor, and I supported him." A 29-year-old doctor who postponed his wedding to fight the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan has died from the virus, China's state media reports. Peng Yinhua leaves his pregnant wife behind #Covid_19 
In Hubei, the battle against #coronavirus doesn't only take place in Wuhan. CGTN's Xu Mengqi visited a hospital in Wulin, a township in Jingzhou City, one of Hubei's top five most affected cities, to see how the prevention and control is carried out at the most basic level. 
Coronavirus: Wuhan to quarantine all cured patients after some test positive  …
On the streets of Florence, Italy, a Wuhan student studying abroad stood with a card saying ‘I’m not a VIRUS I’m a HUMAN’, see how people react! #COVID19 #ไวรัสโคโรนาสายพันธุ์ใหม่2019 #Covid_19 
#UPDATE China has slightly relaxed the quarantine in Wuhan, allowing some people to leave the epicentre of the epidemic under certain conditions. The city of 11 million has been under lockdown since January 23 People leave a Wuhan hospital after recovering from 
Yesterday at the subway in Tehran, Iran. This is starting to look just like mid-January Wuhan videos... Why I think I'm done with this method of presentation. I'm starting to repeat myself. 
#BREAKING: Traffic resumes in Wuhan, the epicentre of the #COVID19 outbreak. Non-locals stranded in Wuhan with no symptoms can leave the city in groups while Wuhan residents outside the city can return home after registration. So, what’s the fate of the 2,000+ HKers in Hubei? 
Looks like Wuhan is letting up on the lockdown. People can now leave the city if they are healthy, don't have a fever, cough, difficulty breathing or other coronavirus symptoms.  …
'No one cares': Locked-in Wuhan residents adapt to find food  
#BREAKING China allows healthy non-residents of Wuhan to leave virus epicentre: official 
Massive efforts in #Wuhan to contain #COVID19 epidemic: - 2 purpose-built hospitals with 2,500 beds - 16 temporary hospitals in operation - 10,610 mild cases admitted - 19 more temporary hospitals 
1,200 bodies are burned every day in mobile incinerators in Wuhan alone. Meanwhile, China has put in an order for enough incinerators to burn 30 MILLION people every day. China is lying to you! #coronavirus #COVID19 
New official daily coronavirus numbers for China: 150 new deaths (I think this is a record) 348 new cases in Wuhan 50 new cases in Hubei outside Wuhan *11* new cases in China outside Hubei  …
This beautiful #Robot doctor represents all robots in to wish the final victoryof #Wuhan in the battle against #Covid_19 “No matter how long the night is, the dawn is   @MisterSalesman @alvinfoo @LoriShemek @WelshRoyalCryst @whoismrrobot #AI 
CCP jails all healthy innocent people in the so-called quarantine hospitals in Wuhan, not to mention these poor Uyghurs CCP hates 
smuggling 21 vials of “Sensitive Biological Samples” according to the FBI. Oh, almost forgot. The research lab the good professor had helped set up? It’s located at the Wuhan University of Technology. Wuhan China is ground zero to the potentially global pandemic known as...
Wuhan and the polluted air as a cause of epidemic illness? #Coronavirus "jumping species from animals to humans," or, highly dangerous air pollutants "jumping" into the lungs of humans?  
A police officer working at Hankou railway station shares his experience during #Wuhan's lockdown 
Another example of CCP’s need for control at all costs. Seven underground Protestant churches in Beijing raised $10,000 to buy much needed face masks and disinfectants for those in Wuhan. Police called leaders in for questioning then told them to stop.  …
This man from Wuhan is accusing CCP. "The lie of CCP only deceives children and fools" Wuhan citizens were sacrificed because of the CCP's lies and cover-up. The citizens know the fact. And "The fool who is deceived by the lie of CCP" unfortunately means Dr. Kentaro Iwata. 
SO2 release in Wuhan today: 
** BREAKING ** Massive release of Sulfur Dioxide is happening in Chongqing, way bigger than Wuhan. Sulfur is released during burning of organic matter. 
155 confirmed #Wuhan #Coronavirus cases in #Italy... This could be the outbreak that spreads the virus to all of Europe as travel between northern Italy and the rest of the continent is much more intense than that with China. Also, patient 0 is not  …
Tell Trump that Obama never visited Wuhan and he’d be looked upon as a hero if he went where Obama would not.
This clip was allegedly taken inside #Wuhan. People were screaming at night, losing their minds, while the city was still being locked down. Does #China gov’t care about its civilians’ wellbeing? Of coz not. #CCP & Xi don’t give a f*king shit! #coronavirus Video: #JTV youtube 
Live: 1,180 beds now available at Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital as of Saturday #coronavirus  …
Japan has reported 838 confirmed cases of #COVID19 as of 9:20 pm Feb 23 local time: - 691 on board the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship - 14 flew back from Wuhan by chartered plane - 133 domestic cases 
CORONAVIRUS : SCIENTISTS SAY IT'S A BIO WEAPON LEAKED FROM WUHAN LAB !  via @YouTube
Coronavirus didn’t originate in Wuhan seafood market, Chinese scientists say. “The research went on to say that based on the genome data it was possible that the virus began spreading fr person to person in early December or even as early as late November”  …
Three doctors died from #Covid_19 in a row in 3 days, from Feb 20-23: Huang Wenjun, 42, in, #Xiaogan， #Hubei , Peng Yinhua, 29, in Xiajiang District In #Wuhan, Xia Sisi, 29, at Union Hospital in #Wuhan, while the reported cases of #coronavirus keep  …
Lots to digest on #COVID19 this morning, will pick out some highlights from @JHSPH_CHS First, preprint out of China looking at 93 SARS-CoV-2 genomes finding: - Huanan market not the outbreak source but an amplifier - Circulating widely earlier in Wuhan, from prob mid-late Nov 
Is Wuhan flu the Gaian warning to humans that if we don’t stop polluting and destroying the Earth we will all be killed off by things like that? I’d say definitely YES..so there it is, the Earth’s maintenance systems turn deadly for a species hell bent on destroying the joint.
The cargo plane carrying medical supplies donated by governments of Austria, Hungary, Slovenia & the Czech Republic to support China in fighting against #COVID19 has arrived in Wuhan. Stay Strong, Wuhan! 
Cremation furnaces breaking down in #Wuhan as the devices can't handle the 24/7 deluge of bodies. Observer: "How many people are cremated every day & can be overwhelmed! 100s & 1000s of people cremate every day! 18 stoves, 3 broken, 15 left..."  …
Locking down a city of 11 million people is an unprecedented move anywhere in the world. One month on, Wuhan's streets remain deserted.  #coronavirus 
This in must hear information about Covid-19 and weaponized 60GHZ 5G in Wuhan and across China.  …
As the new coronavirus began in Wuhan, researchers worked to calculate how quickly it would spread. Here’s the math. 
#MilesGuo How many dying everyday in #Wuhan #Coronavirus? 40 portable incinerators X 30 corpses/incinerator/day = 1,200 corpses/day In addition to 47 crematories running in full capacity Another 1MM incinerators on the way! Do you still trust CCP’s 
A 77-yr-old #HongKong citizen died of #Coronavirus in #Wuhan, according to HK authority, 10 ppl from 3 families been confirmed with the virus in Wuhan, 9 of them are treated in local hospitals, 1 in critical condition, 8 stable, 1 was discharged. @rthk_news 
2/23 #CoronavirusOutbreak A large number of policemen from other provinces was sent to Wuhan. Deputy Minister of Police Sun Lijun, responsible for Political Safety of the party, is in charge. It is clear the police force is to protect CCP and crack down possible revolt in Wuhan. 
I’m not a conspiracy oriented guy, but I’ve  nervously vigilant over this coronavirus situation, like it is more serious than governments are letting on. I mean-the director of the Wuhan, China hospital died of the virus. Pretty strange?
#IndiaHidingCoronaStrike India reported its first confirmed case of coronavirus infection on 30 Jan 2020 in Kerala. The affected had a travel history from Wuhan, China. Now with thousands of corona virus victims in India, they panicked & are covering up to save Trump's visit. 
This is the sound of a city abandoned by its government, suffering and dying in the night. Have you ever heard anything so terrifying? #Wuhan 
BREAKING: Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say COVID-19 ( #coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons facility in #Wuhan rather than the city's Huanan seafood markets. This reminds me of the US denial of deer ticks & lymes disease bioweapons program... 
The Sounds of #Wuhan at Night During #COVID_19 Outbreak #COVID19 #Coronavirus 1/Translation in thread (from 
Chinese Scientists Find Coronavirus Did Not Originate In Wuhan Seafood Market  …
Before the lockdown Wuhan had a festival and everyone was stocked up. Stockpile #1 Disinfectants #2 Liquid soaps #3 Trash bags, emesis bags #4 Nitrile gloves #5 Tissues & toilet paper #6 Electrolytes #7 Medicines #8 Diapers, Feminine hygiene #9 Immune support #10 Food, pet food
The @WHO said it is "very worrisome" that the 2 deaths and 13 confirmed cases of the #coronavirus in Iran have no direct link to Wuhan, China 
Huang Wenjun, a 42-year-old doctor at a hospital close to Wuhan, died of #coronavirus about 3 hours ago. He's the 2nd doctor to die of coronavirus in less than 24 
Doctor Huang Wenjun died of pneumonia caused by #COVID19 at age 42 on Sunday at Central Hospital in Xiaogan, a city 60 km northwest of Wuhan. 
"Chinese Scientists Find Coronavirus Did Not Originate In Wuhan Seafood Market" - Confirmation of what we already knew despite all attempts to convince us otherwise. Common sense wins out again.  …
Many countries are slow in responding to COVID-19. Coronavirus overwhelmed hospitals in Wuhan in a short time. China dispatched over 40,000 medical workers to support Wuhan. No other country has this mobilization capability.They must try utmost to prevent situation from worsening
DECEASED!! * Li Wenliang (doctor) MISSING!! * Chen Qiushi (journalist) * Fang Bin (journalist) * Xu Zhangrun (professor) AND ALL THE OTHERS ... #coronavirus Wuhan FreedomOfSpeech  via Snowflakepoppy 01
Kashmiri student, who was air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation praises @narendramodi and his Government @DrSJaishankar @vijai63 @Cold_Peace_ @TarekFatah Racist Supremacist @CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes @NewYorker should cover 
Another doctor has died treating #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan: that makes 5 doctors who’ve died in #China dealing with this crisis.
Some  good news! Hopefully the virus has peaked in Wuhan. Recovered patients all over China donate plasma to save others after convalescent plasma was found effective in curing patients in critical conditions. 
I'm hearing from sources in Wuhan that it's  "hell on earth." One thing is certain, the numbers China is putting out about the #coronavirus are not accurate.  …
With the Wuhan Coronavirus raging, the last thing the world needs is a World Health Organisation that is more concerned about being woke than fighting the damn disease.  …
There were massive anti Communism protests in China a couple of months ago. They stopped quickly with the Corona virus outbreak! Do you think, the Wuhan corona virus was used as a bio-weapon against the Chinese people who were protesting their government?
China tracking movements of Wuhan citizens via phones re: evading #COVID19 lockdowns. Scary on multiple fronts. And a great reminder of how much information your cellphone spews out without you even thinking about  …
This frustrating story being repeated in the US. CDC currently isn’t testing anyone w/out Wuhan travel/US virus case contact -seems silly by now. Also only 3/100-ish flu surveillance labs able to test for #SARSCoV2. CDC’s faulty test kits discovered >10 days ago aren’t fixed  …
Many young people not just older.. A 42-year-old doctor at a Chinese hospital near #Wuhan, Huang Wenjun has died due to #Covid19. He's the 2nd doctor to die in less than 24 hours. There are over 500 reported deaths of Chinese doctors, nurses+their families. #SARSCoV2  – at The White House
BREAKING: Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say COVID-19 ( #coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons facility in #Wuhan rather than the city's Huanan seafood markets. This reminds me of the US denial of deer ticks & lymes disease bioweapons program... 
Touching Moment: A veteran with the novel #coronavirus stretches out his trembling hand to salute the medical staff in Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan. He used to guard the country with his life, now it's our turn to guard him. 
CCTV's reporting today of a young doctor's death due to #covid19 just accidentally revealed another lie we already know. The post says the doctor had a patient who was confirmed infected on 14 January. Between 6-16 Jan Wuhan Health Commission didn't report any new cases.  
#Coronavirus did not originate in #Wuhan seafood market, Chinese scientists say Analysis of genomic data from 93 samples of the novel coronavirus suggests it was imported from elsewhere Any Surprise? No... CCP and its lies now has whole World at risk.  …
Coronavirus did not originate in Wuhan seafood market, Chinese scientists say  …
Dean Koontz - 'The Eyes of Darkness' published in 1981! Have a look what he wrote! It's seriously spooky and weird. He mentions Wuhan and describes the virus but the freakiest of all - he mentions the year 2020  …
More on #COVID19 - Another 29-year-old female doctor in #Wuhan died from #coronavirus after she contracted the virus in mid-January and her symptoms deteriorated on February 7. She died in the early hours on Sunday, making her the second young doctor to die within the last 
The first batch of coronavirus patients have been discharged from a temporary hospital in Hanyang of Wuhan, China. This video was filmed by a nurse at the hospital. 
As I said weeks ago. China state newspaper now says coronavirus originated outside wildlife market "patient zero, the one with the original infection, brought the disease into the Wuhan market from "another location." e.g. the Wuhan Institute of Virology. 
Six weeks after the first recorded death from the new #coronavirus in Wuhan, researchers in Australia will begin testing a potential vaccine on animals 
Would a nation with all the Hindus are held inside the captivity of their houses like Wuhan is the optics @AmitShah is looking for. Every leader is as good as his follower and each follower needs to keep talking to the leader. This slavish, he knows his job, is  …
Beijing Admits Coronavirus Didn’t Start in Wuhan Food Market. It appears the coronavirus was INTRODUCED to the seafood market from another location & then SPREAD rapidly from market to market. Human to human ....kept quiet....now thousands infected.  …
“The sanitation workers do the dirtiest and most exhausting work in the city, but their souls are so pure!” Sanitation workers clean nine hotel rooms after their quarantine ends in #Wuhan 
40 years ago, a thriller novel The Eyes of Darkness, written by Dean Koontz, predicted the Wuhan virus! The novel mentioned that a virus named Wuhan-400 was created as a weapon in a laboratory.This is really thought-provoking! #CoronavirusOutbreak #كورونا_فيروس 
我的天呀。 Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan has been locked up since the discovery of the #coronavirus there, but live wild animals have been left inside. Some are dead and rotten while some that are alive are escaping.  …
Burying bad news? 1. The news a Hongkonger died in Wuhan due to #Coronavirus was mentioned in 5th of a 6 paragraphs press release. 2. It's only available in Chinese. Reminder: Other countries can fly their citizens out of Wuhan. #HongKong can't. File under #OneChinaAdvantage  
Is this article peddling disinformation or are its 3 claims verifiable? 1. China issues new directive to control biosecurity risks at labs handling coronaviruses. 2. The main such lab is at Wuhan. 3. Some lab-infected animals have ended up in food markets.  …
Bihar: Special prayer organised by Buddhist monks in Bodh Gaya, for #Coronavirus affected Wuhan in China. 
Vindication for @SenTomCotton, who suggested that the #coronarovirus originated in the #Wuhan Institute of Virology? Steven W. Mosher of @PRISource looks closely at the evidence, including PRC statements, and finds that they jibe closely with this theory.  …
Touching Moment: #Wuhan nurses unwind after a tough day fighting on the #COVID19 front 
#coronavirus: #Wuhan to quarantine all cured patients for 14 days after some test positive again Decision follows several instances in which recovered patients were found to be still carrying the virus and able to infect others Wow, this never ends......  …
A medical team from SE China's Fujian province applied traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) to treat COVID-19 patient at a Wuhan Hospital and achieved good results. Check out how TCM doctors conduct ward round 
"I just want to pay back." Liu Zhiqiang, a once impoverished villager from China's Hunan, donated all his  earned from being a worker for Wuhan's second makeshift hospital to aid #epidemic control 
Breaking: Wuhan to quarantine all previously "recovered" coronavius patients for an additional 14 days after some test positive again.  …
"By late December 2019, doctors in Wuhan were already sounding the alarm over cases of what appeared to them to be SARS. Instead of listening to their warnings, the authorities summoned eight of these doctors for a dressing-down."  …
Xia Sisi, a 29-year-old doctor from the gastroenterology department at Wuhan Caidian District People’s Hospital, passed away on Feb 23 due to #COVID19 infection while battling on the frontline against the epidemic, the hospital announced on 
Xia Sisi a 29-year-old female doctor died from #COVID19 in #Wuhan Sunday morning, according to Wuhan Union Jiangbei Hospital. The gastroenterologist became infected with #coronavirus when treating a 
Why is the coronavirus threatening to  a pandemic? A big part of the blame is due to the Chinese Communist Party’s practice of silencing people who deliver embarrassing news, as it did to the Wuhan doctors who tried to sound the alarm early on.  …
Pleased to meet the Principal of @GhiyasuddinIS , Mr. Ali Musthafa along with Activity Coordinator Ms.Fathimath Muna and student leaders, who have relayed sympathy and support to people of Wuhan on behalf of 800 students in GIS. 
Xia Sisi, a 29-year-old doctor at a hospital in Wuhan, has died of coronavirus - CCTV 
ICYMI: A 20-year-old Chinese woman from #Wuhan traveled 400 miles (675 km) north to Anyang where she infected five relatives with #coronavirus, without ever showing any  …
Following the #coronavirus death of 29 year old male doctor a few days ago now the sad news that a 29 year old female doctor has also died from the virus in #Wuhan. That’s at least 4 doctors who’ve died there from the virus with thousands of medical staff infected. #China
New study further proves #Wuhan seafood market not the source of  …
Walking by people and saying out loud “whew! my trip to Wuhan was exhausting” and seeing their looks >>>>>>>>>
R.I.P Xia Sisi, a 29-year-old doctor from gastroenterology department at Wuhan Caidian district People's Hospital, died of #COVID19 on 
Wuhan is under lockdown but still at work. "I think we have worked very hard, but I owe a lot to my child," said a nurse fighting on the frontline of the #coronavirus battle in #Wuhan. 
Tell me what you want to know about #Wuhan, as I am planning my next episode of #WuhanToday. Leave a 
#BREAKING one more doctor died due to coronavirus in #Wuhan #china. Doctor was 29 years old gastroenterologist.  …
Plum blossoms bloom in #Wuhan amid the cold, reminding us that winter will soon make way for spring 
Don’t worry, you can make it! Medical workers at Wuhan Children’s Hospital in Wuhan interacted with kids infected with #COVID19 by letting them draw their favorite cartoon figures on protective suits, as an effort to reduce their fear against the 
The husband of a head nurse working on the frontline of the novel #coronavirus in #Wuhan has been posting a new sketch online every day to voice his love and support 
Two generations ago, Wuhan was a major industrial city that directly impacted the lives of people in the West -- it made the tea in their teapots, the powdered egg in their birthday cakes, the silk for their pajamas, writes  …
Update on my sister and niece: Sis contacted local county health department about #coronavirus testing for niece. They said she doesn’t qualify 4 testing according to CDC guidelines because she didn’t travel to #Wuhan nor have direct contact with a confirmed case of #COVID19 !!!
Now we just wait for them to make the Wuhan connection.  …
Love knows no borders. Employees from #CSCEC overseas subsidiaries are sending their best wishes to China amid the #codiv19 outbreak. All CSCECers stand with Wuhan and China. We are confident that we will win this fight together. 
After Yixing replied to a nurse in Wuhan yesterday, "bcs of ur existence, we're more convinced that everything will be better, cheers! It's my turn to support you" Today @lay_studio is calling Xbacks fr Wuhan to share their stories during city closure for the past mth 
COVID-19 care in Wuhan, the epicenter, rlly does seem to have gotten better, according to patients there. But I spent last week also talking to those with life-threatening conditions, like cancer, who aren't getting any care -- and dying as a result.  …
China has sent seven cruise ships that serve for tourism in the Three Gorges scenic area to house medical workers battling against #COVID19 in Wuhan, epicenter of the epidemic outbreak. As “water hotels”, the ships will provide 1,469 beds in total. 
Sweet we provided some data to justify trial of #remdesivir for #COVID19. I echo @JeremyFarrar. The team in Wuhan deserve mad props for organizing, mobilizing and executing these studies during massively extenuating circumstances @Baric_Lab @DenisonLab  …
Seeing things differently: A former stall holder at the widely concerned seafood market in Wuhan was aware that something wasn't right, the measures he took for his family might have saved them. Read on for his story...  
Healthy Wuhan residents say they are being forced into mass coronavirus quarantine, risking infection "They would rather wrong 10,000 people than miss that 100"  … @Nectar_Gan @lilyarieslee 
This suggests that the #Coronavirus can now be transmitted to Animals: Hong Kong cop tests positive for Wuhan #Covid19 virus. #HongKong police officer had fever when attending drinking party of 60 
20200223 @lay_studio Weibo update Yixing studio invites Xbacks in Wuhan to share the most impressive story happened in past month. They will contact with 7 Xbacks from different occupations and prepare a surprise for them. #yixing #LayZhang 
5 days before Wuhan was locked down by the govt, an enormous banquet was held. The public was not told about the threat of coronavirus & tens of thousands attended. That area is now a 'fever block' Now ScoMo is basing decisions on Beijing's claims  …
Ah #Communist #Propaganda; how quaint. Isn't that nice folks? My question is why are Instagram and Twitter blocking videos of #Chinese Police beating Civilians #WuhanCoronavius #coronavirus #Corona #coronarvirusitalia #Coronavirustruth #coronaviruschina #Wuhan 
In January, during a pandemic in Wuhan, Dr. Kentaro Iwata spread lies on social media. "CCP is great for handling viruses! They're exemplary!" "This virus does not infect much." "This virus is a droplet infection, so we can jog in Wuhan" Can you believe it? This guy is insane. 
Others have already said this but how the coronavirus spreads in Korea might provide a clearer picture for health authorities. Hubei/Wuhan’s reporting at the rarly stages turned out to be very inaccurate.
#DailyChinaBriefing on Feb. 23 1. Wuhan conducts nucleic acid tests for all backlog of patients  2. Researchers develop rapid test kit for coronavirus  3. TCM aids treatments of over 60,000 COVID-19 cases  
Some Wuhan residents say they have been caught up in a mass roundup and exposed to unnecessary risks of cross-infection 
#China's Ministry of Science and Technology released a new directive entitled: “Instructions on strengthening biosecurity management in microbiology labs that handle advanced viruses like the novel #coronavirus". However, in all of #China there is only one - in #Wuhan!
Take an eye-opening journey through a #Wuhan #COVID19 quarantine center, via on of the patients and his trove of  …
Live: 977 beds now available at Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital as of Friday #coronavirus  …
3/ ....their previous measures for ID control. Wuhan was locked down by 23rd January, the number of the infected was more than 570, and the dead was over 15. The total number of the infected was more than 10,000 by the end of January (it is also widely reported by...
An official from Xintian HQ has confirmed that Shincheon-ji Church (suspected to be a cult) had offices in Wuhan, China, where the Coronavirus originated from. The official stated, "the office in Wuhan is now gone because of China's ban on diplomacy."  
Let's find it out. Hay @zil517 why didWuhan Customs conduct #coronavirus emergency response drill at the Wuhan Tianhe Airport on Sept 18, 2019? What did they know which we still don't know. Since this drop dead virus has a 27-day incubation period now, themust know the truth.  …
Before the coronavirus outbreak hit Wuhan in December, the central Chinese city had slipped from the general public's awareness in the West. But it wasn't always that way. 
#Wuhan Vlog: One day with military medics in the ICU 
