China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from Wuhan 
More like Train to Wuhan for me
Thanks to continued rapid data sharing by @CDCgov, we've updated the analysis of #nCoV2019 at  with the genome of the virus from the case in Chicago. It clusters with several other viruses, but is still consistent with acquisition in Wuhan. 
Some Canadian researchers have started a GoFundMe campaign to secure medical supplies for hospitals in #Wuhan; they have a route to get the supplies in. Details here:  …
UPDATE: A 50-year-old man who returned from a trip to Wuhan, China, on Jan. 22 was admitted to Sunnybrook the next day with a respiratory infection. Tests came back positive for coronavirus on Saturday afternoon.  …
Talking to your neighbour the #Wuhan way. "Hello! Is anybody there? Open your window and let's have a row! I'm getting mad. Is anyone there?" "Hello! Got you. You wanna have a chat? Open the window and open your heart!"  
US orders charter flight to evacuate citizens and diplomats from #Wuhan during #coronavirus outbreak — report  
Why is MSM @FOX21News, @nytimes, @RollingStone whitewashing #coronavirus #vaccines & Gates linkages when AT LEAST 1 Gates-funded Institute studies & owns patents for coronavirus variant & worked w Wuhan Institute of Virology, which had biowarfare program.  …
10 new cases of #coronavirus, including three doctors, have been confirmed in Beijing, bringing the total number to 51. Of the three doctors, two had traveled to Wuhan and the third sat next to one infected doctor during a meeting. 
If you want to get a feel what it's like for people in Wuhan and speak Chinese, check out "Luo Bin" on YouTube. His daily video diary is a vivid and  on life here under lockdown. 
Canada has its first case of the #CoronaVirus. The Toronto patient had recently travelled from Wuhan, China.  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times  …
This is the guy who thought euthanasia could be used for folks afraid of climate change Now he praises coronavirus for reducing carbon footprint in Wuhan This is an actual politician in Canada Surely we can do better than this #cdnpoli  …
Learn about how the Ministry of Health is preparing for the Wuhan novel coronavirus in Ontario. Find out how to protect yourself, what to do if you’re sick after you travel and how to recognize possible symptoms. #Onpoli 
Toronto Public Health says it has received reports of Canada's "First presumptive confirmed case" of Coronavirus in a resident who has recently returned from Wuhan in China where it has killed 41 people
Security forces in China's Wuhan, which is under quarantine because of the deadly #coronavirus, try to get presumably sick people into a van by 
WinWinBar donated the medical supplies to the hospitals in Wuhan and other cities after making efforts to purchase these supplies. donated 1000 medical glasses to 5 hospitals in Wuhan donated a large amount of medical gloves to 5 hospitals in other cities around Wuhan 
SPREAD THIS #coronavirus The Chinese authorities reported 15 new deaths in Wuhan, the center of a virus outbreak, including a medical professional in his 60s. At least fourteen people have been tested in the United Kingdom Here are its symptoms and prevention methods 
#Breaking: First 'presumptive case' of coronavirus in Toronto. Patient is a man in his 50s who had visited Wuhan. Now at Sunnybrook hospital, health officials say. 
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is caring for a patient who has a confirmed case of the novel coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China. The patient is in stable condition and has been admitted to an isolation room. More info:  …
1/2 @NSWHealth is urging people who have recently returned from #Wuhan or have been in contact with a confirmed case of #novelcoronavirus infection to ensure they are aware of the symptoms and seek immediate health assessment if symptoms develop within 14 
So...the Chinese government is busy killing protestors in Hong Kong while the entire city of Wuhan is suffering from an outbreak of Coronavirus that may very well spread worldwide killing millions. Priorities, am I right?
How artificial intelligence provided early warnings of the Wuhan virus 
OAN said we have 1k Americans in Wuhan! Why? Working on the Bill & Melinda Gates grant? 
Every week my mother-in-law in Wuhan visits her 86-year-old father who is confined to a hospital. She feeds him food she cooked herself, shaves him, washes his hair. Can't do that now. I think of all the stories like this playing out among the 10s of millions in Hubei
French car maker Peugeot to repatriate staff from China's Wuhan area  
Wuhan is 7th largest city in PRC; San Antonio in U.S. if new virus had appeared in San Antonio this month and killed 40 people in U.S. since, what would country’s mood be? Assuming the same or worse in PRC given distrust of government and lack of media freedom. #coronavirus
In wake of the Corona and Wuhan diseases?  …
What is the actual story with the Wuhan virus? If only 1400 are ill: * Hospitals shouldn't be overwhelmed * New hospitals shouldn't need to be built * Cities should not need to be quarantined * There wouldn't likely be so many international cases So what's the truth?
‘We have no protection, we’re just standing outside the hospital in the rain’: Desperate Wuhan residents face TWO-DAY lines to see a doctor amid ‘doomsday’ scenes with nowhere to take the sick -  …
We’re stuck in chinese city of Wuhan due to #CoronaOutbreak & the city is locked down and we’re confined to our rooms and the condition is getting worse day by day and the local authorities aren’t sure that when they’ll  the situation. @sayedzbukhari @SMQureshiPTI 1/1
Scientists race to find out how Wuhan victims became ill  …
Here is the link to Ontario's Wuhan virus resources and monitoring website: 
CNN’s @drsanjaygupta discusses the new deadly strain of coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China. More than 1,400 people have been infected across the world, the vast majority in mainland China, where dozens have died.  
Learn about how the Ministry of Health is preparing for the Wuhan novel coronavirus in Ontario. Find out how to protect yourself, what to do if you’re sick after you travel and how to recognize possible symptoms. #Onpoli  …
“Because there is no vaccine or treatment for nCoV2019—the Wuhan pneumonia—and infection has spread throughout China, the government is forced to turn to its 2003 SARS playbook.”  …
A fan's mother is a frontline medical staff of a hospital in a city around Wuhan. WinWinBar donated medical gloves to this hospital after getting the information which this hospital needs medical supplies. The fan was very touched by WinWinBar and appreciate them in 
Health officials say a man in his 50’s arrived to Toronto from Wuhan Jan 22nd, went to hospital Jan 23rd. Has a “presumptive” case of the coronavirus. Also has a small family that are also in isolation at this time @CityNews
R0 14 in Wuhan. This is measles level virility  …
#BREAKING 1st presumptive #coronavirus case has been reported in Canada. A man who traveled from Wuhan to Toronto became ill. He is now in quarantine at Sunnybrook Hospital. @CHCHNews
First #coronavirus case confirmed in Canada, in Toronto. Male in his 50s, recently traveled to #Wuhan, became sick a day  back. At Sunnybrook, in stable condition.  …
BREAKING: Canadian government announces that the first Corona Virus Case has been confirmed in Toronto, Ontario. #CoronaOutbreak #coronarovirus #CoronaVirusToronto #Toronto #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan 
18) I am not drawing any conclusions about how this deadly virus ended up in Wuhan China, but it does seem strange that Dr. Qiu worked at the NML and with Mabworks, travelled to China, and was caught handing over other deadly viruses to the Chinese. Coincidence? You can decide. 
Ontario officials say there is a "presumptive positive" test result for the coronavirus in Toronto. A man in his 50s had travelled to Wuhan, China and felt ill on his return to Canada. He is now in stable condition in Sunnybrook hospital. WATCH LIVE: 
Ontario's chief medical officer announces that Canada has its first case of #coronavirus - a male in his 50s who traveled to Wuhan, China. He is now being treated at @Sunnybrook LIVESTREAM of announcement  … via @cbcnews
Officials say first case involved a male in his 50s who travelled from Wuhan, China. He was admitted at Sunnybrook hospital.
I wish I could tell you how the traffic lockdown in urban Wuhan from Sunday will work, and how residents will use the promised free taxis. But yesterday nobody had a clue; the government announcements are, let's say, a little abstract. Some pix here:  
(4) DECEMBER 2019 - First reported cases of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China which, coincidentally, is the same city where they built a lab to test the world's most dangerous pathogens including SARS, EBOLA, and the coronavirus.  …
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
At the airport and there's a dozen Bernie volunteers that have arrived from Wuhan! Wow!
*PLEASE SHARE * DMM will be sending supplies to hospitals in Wuhan affected by coronavirus. We are in need of supplies to deliver them quickly to affected areas. Any hospitals and manufacturers who has extra supplies to donate or to sell, please contact us at corporate@dmm.com 
It's early Sunday in Wuhan, and the government has placed severe traffic controls on main urban districts, meaning most cars can't go on the roads. Instead, residents are supposed to call for free taxis that can deliver food and medicine. Oh yeah, easy. Lots of walking today.
2016 : Train to Busan 2020 : Flight from Wuhan
Chinese leader #XiJinping has set up an epidemic control group due to what he called the "accelerating spread" of the #Wuhan #coronarovirus. But has  too late?  …
Video from #Wuhan showing the arrival of military medial teams during the night #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronavirus 
The first person known to have been infected by the Wuhan coronavirus had never visited the city’s seafood market – regarded as the epicentre of the outbreak. There was also no epidemiological link between the first patient and the later cases.  …
Medical workers of the Union Hospital with the Tongji Medical College of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan participate in a ceremony to form an 'assault team' to battle a coronavirus epidemic in China. In science we trust... 
It was the Chinese president who stopped flights from Wuhan to Australia, not @ScottMorrisonMP. The PM has hesitated in ordering full biological screening of flights from origins of risk. Australia needs to stay ahead of the curve #auspol  …
Can't imagine a worse situation to be in: The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  … via @thisisinsider
"The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks."  …
Although huge amounts of medical resources are pouring into #Wuhan, the center of the new viral outbreak, the local government on Saturday called for more material support such as masks and protective clothing.
After recently promoting the idea  suicide to fight climate change, far left lunatic says lower carbon footprint in Wuhan is the way of the future, thanks to coronavirus. That’s where climate alarmism is leading. DEATH.  …
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
No link with seafood market in first case of #ChinaCoronaVirus  … di @scmpnews @GlobalCRL :urgent clarification needed from Chinese Authorities about safety and security procedures in #Wuhan R§D Labs . @joshuawongcf @demosisto @WHO
Scientists race to find out how Wuhan victims became ill  …
Wuhan, China, was in the news in July: thousands took to the streets to defend their quality of life. But the disturbances weren't about political freedoms, extradition laws, or judicial transparency. The protests were about…garbage.  …
Chinese Social Media Depicts Chaos in Virus. Authorities scramble to keep citizens calm amid the fast-spreading coronavirus,videos and messages from Wuhan,ground zero of the deadly pneumonia,reflect the atmosphere of growing panic in the quarantined city.  …
#Wuhan, the hardest-hit city of the novel #coronavirus outbreak in central China, has planned to transform 24 general hospitals for temporary use to cope with the increasing number of patients with fever, said the city's  on 
The USA has decided to evacuate it diplomatic staff from the Consulate in Wuhan City. Not a good indicator. #WuhanCoronovirus #wuhan
Stop spreading disinformation. This is reckless and irresponsible. This article from last July does not say that the researchers were removed for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility or identify them as spies. Subsequent reporting also does not say this.  …
Beavers kept in cages in a Wuhan wildlife market dubbed 'ground-zero' of China’s coronavirus outbreak 
Quebec politician praises coronavirus for reducing carbon footprint in Wuhan  …
Wow: Patient Zero of the coronavirus had NO exposure to the Wuhan seafood market as earlier reported -- SCMP quotes Lancet study  … #nCoV2019
#coronarovirus Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. 
The latest on the coronavirus outbreak: 2 American universities with campuses in China — Duke Kunshan University in Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter, and New York University's Shanghai campus — have postponed classes due to the dangerous virus 
For #Wuhan, not realistic to do crypto to end beneficiaries. Binance pledged 10m RMB ($1.5m USD) to help #coronavirus victims. We didn’t make any announcements. But BCF/Binance team has been busy for the last few days. Still need help to arrange logistics  …
“After a day of work, we are on the verge of a mental breakdown" Health workers from locked down #Wuhan are relaying their fears on social media. To them, the #WuhanCoronavirus is "way more terrifying" than what the outside knows.  …
There has been a noticeable lack of candor, along with big doses of happy talk, from public health officials. On the other hand, we are fortunate to have those on the scene who every day risk their lives to get out the facts. #Wuhan #China #WuhanCoronavirus  …
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from hotspot Wuhan 
Wuhan, a city with a level 4 bioresearch lab happens to be the epicenter of the 
A China Southern flight from #Wuhan just landed at #SanFrancisco airport, while Wuhan airport supposed to be closed. 
Is #China deliberately trying to spread the #WuhanCoronovirus to #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”)? How is possible that a bus can “escape” & travel thousands of miles to #EastTurkestan without being stopped? Why are flights from #Wuhan to Urumchi still operating?  …
French car maker Peugeot to repatriate staff from China's Wuhan area  
Photos leaked showing roads in and out of #Wuhan (even small side roads) being barricaded with piles of dirt/rocks to block all traffic in or out. Scary situation brewing. China isn’t telling the truth. #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Three Chinese doctors are confirmed infected with the new #coronavirus in Beijing. Two of them went to #Wuhan for business. All of them and people had close contacts with them are in quarantine. 
Guards outside of the train stations in Wuhan China 
Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. 
This monster needs a one way ticket to Wuhan.  …
Military medical staff deployed in #Wuhan to battle #coronavirus MORE:  
French automaker PSA Group says it plans to evacuate its expatriate employees and their families from Wuhan, the locked-down Chinese city that is the epicenter of a deadly virus outbreak. 
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
#Coronavirus has now killed at least 42 in #China with #travel restrictions in place for 16 Chinese cities! 1300 cases reported as China's government sends in hundreds of doctors to #Wuhan Meantime #lunarnewyear celebrations cancelled & US has 2 confirmed cases. Covered from 
Money for cops with blood in their hands Life/death ballots for health workers going into isolation wards to treat a group where 80% aren't even from #HongKong but Wuhan. Death to CCP, please. 
Caused by eating bats my arse! Stop appeasing China! They are the true world enemy not Russia! Officials Once Warned That a Virus Lab in Wuhan – Ground Zero for the Coronavirus – Could Accidentally Release It | Mysterious Universe  …
The State Department has ordered all American employees at the United States Consulate in Wuhan to leave, as a lockdown imposed on central China over the outbreak of the coronavirus expanded. Follow our updates. 
So 11 million people are not allowed to leave Wuhan and 40 million from China making it the biggest quarantine in history and we’re supposed to think this  fine? And now it’s in the U.S. please be safe 
These scenes are horrible... people just suddenly fell on ground in Wuhan  …
Report: U.S. Planning To Evacuate Americans From Wuhan Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
Wuhan Coronavirus Map: Tracking the Spread of the Outbreak — It has now sickened more than 1,300 people worldwide and has spread to the U.S., France, Singapore, Australia, Japan, and other countries  …
Meanwhile, Justin Trudeau takes yet another “personal day.” Coronavirus outbreak: US plans to evacuate Americans from Wuhan  …
The world is being lied to about the Coronavirus! "There are more than 100,000 infected. The government provides no medical supplies... People are dying right in front of our eyes...Don't EVER trust the government. We are on our own." - Wuhan Medical 
NZ Govt spending $35m to recover some miners’ bones, to show it cares, is too scared or tight to close our border or even implement checks that might disrupt China traffic. Even as Xi Jinping warns Wuhan coronavirus spread is accelerating  …
Fascinating: an AI firm sent out the first warnings of the Wuhan virus, as well as predictions of where it would go next.  …
In Wuhan, China where the coronavirus started all US citizens are being evacuated by the US State Department on a charter flight. The aircraft will have medical personnel to assist people that may be feeling poorly 
I'll have the Wuhan bat soup with a side of monkey brains. Next day. 
u gais should watch this movie sebab movie ni menggambarkan virus yg sedang merebak from Wuhan right now. Seriously movie ni best giler i really really  for u gais to watch it.
I should not hide this: I went to a counseling session yesterday for the first time in my life because my entire family tree except myself is in Hubei province and my closest family members are in Wuhan city. The counseling was helpful.
Expand your thinking. Optogenetic tech is literal mind control via  with a GMO receptor cell which can be introduced into the body on the back of a *virus.* 5G transmit/receive. Coronavirus + 5G in Wuhan. ?? Experiment? Gone wrong? 
*140,000 people die of measles in 2018 worldwide* The 'western' media: *silence* *Ebola outbreak in West Africa* 'western' media: you're all going to die! *Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak in China* 'western' media: you're all going to die. The media caters to racist antivaxers.
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak. Toronto Sun: Don’t worry about it. #WuhanCoronovirus  …
China's lab for studying SARS and Ebola is in Wuhan, the outbreak's center China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility that's  key in fighting the outbreak  …
Shoppers wearing surgical masks lined up for groceries at a supermarket in Wuhan as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city at the center of the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
This Is Extremely Heartbreaking.. From A Nurse In Wuhan, Working At A Hospital. Please Pray..Pray..Pray..For The Innocent Chinese & That This Scourge Is Somehow Stopped From Claiming Victims In America.  …
My personal belief this was a Bio Weapon. A) Either got released on purpose B) Released by accident C) Someone stole it and released it. I have no evidence to back that up but with 2 bio weapon facilities in Wuhan there is always the possibility.
Heartbreaking scenes from #Wuhan #China 2020: A man infected with the #WuhanCoronovirus tried to escape but security forces returned him into the ambulance van. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
CGTN reporters arrive in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak 
In the month and a half since the Wuhan coronavirus emerged as a new disease, it has killed 41 people so far. During that same time period,  flu has killed almost 80,000. We must take all new diseases seriously and be vigilant while keeping everything in perspective too
#coronarovirus #WuhanCoronovirus A view from my 24-floor in Wuhan today. 
#Wuhan crying out for General Secretary Xi’s help There is only one problem General Secretary Xi is very busy with Chinese New Year celebration #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanOutbreak #WuhanPneumonia 
“We aren’t brainwashed...We all know the nature of this country. We just don’t have a choice.” “Sometimes we need to lie to survive, but now I need to speak from my heart.” A self-claimed #Wuhan local posted a 11-min clip on the lockdown, which evolved into a  
Maybe it’s that. Or maybe it’s that China’s biological warfare lab is headquartered in Wuhan.  …
A doctor was filmed saying the media does not dare to report the true figures of infections in the city of Huanggang, which is near #Wuhan, repeating that 3 local hospitals were filled with patients presented with fever. 
2020 so far; - “world war 3” - iran plane crash - australian bushfires - volcanic eruptions - earthquake in indonesia - jakarta flood - wuhan coronavirus outbreak these happened within a month and we got 11 months to go 
This is a patient who had a fever of 120°F in the Wuhan hospital a few days ago, convulsing. #Wuhan #coronavirus 
*CoronaVirus* Epidemic, Video from China. Very Sad and shocking. The people of #Wuhan are literally dropping all over the city. Like something out of a horror movie.... Please share this msg around your friends and relatives for their knowledge. 
And there's more... Patented virus. Biolab built a couple years ago in Wuhan prior to outbreak. Biological attack?  …
With genetic code of #Wuhan virus in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine. In 3 months, they expect to be testing the 1st of a number of potential experimental vaccines against the new #nCoV2019 #nCoV #coronavirus that is spreading in China & beyond.  
The legacy of Belgian imperialism in China and the Corona virus, an  The virus is spreading by train, the main part of this network, the Beijing-Wuhan (Hankow) line was built around 1900 by the Belgo-French Société d’Etude de Chemins de Fer en Chine. 
CB I cough and sneeze so much today. Confirm wuhan already
The Philippines is suspending all flights from Wuhan City, considered to be ground zero for the new coronavirus which has so far killed 41 and infected more than 1200 people in mainland China.  …
Doctor at hospital in Wuhan dies after treating patients with coronavirus  
4th confirmed case of Wuhan virus in Singapore: MOH  
Huge public crisis seems to have erupted in Wuhan, China.The lady in the clip says dead bodies were left at hospital aisles untreated whereas doctors are taking care of other patients alongside them. We need to ban travel to & from China until this is over 
Aerial night view of construction site of Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan 
Virus-hit Wuhan - two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program.  …
Singapore confirms 4th case of Wuhan virus; patient from Wuhan stayed at Sentosa hotel  
Update #coronavirus #coronaOutbreak: - 56 million under travel restrictions in China - #Wuhan building 2 mobile hospitals, 1000 & 1300 bed - 4 cases in Australia - Hong Kong shut down all schools next 2 weeks - US evacuating diplomats - China's leader warns virus "accelerating"  …
“The Wuhan epidemic has met all the criteria for” WHO to declare a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. It exceeds the “transmission & spread across national borders” that led WHO to declare an emergency for Ebola in Congo. But it’s in China. 
The WHO has not yet declared a global health emergency over the new coronavirus: Almost all confirmed cases are in China Most deaths have occurred in Wuhan or Hubei province Most cases worldwide confirmed as being linked to travel to Wuhan/China 
VIDEO: Victim of #coronavirus shakes uncontrollably, left seeking attention in the corridor of a hospital in #Wuhan.  #wuhanvirus #PRC #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #China
“The United States has a contract with a transporter to evacuate diplomats from the US consulate in Wuhan, China. The consulate is closed and all US diplomats are under ordered departure, the official said.”  …
We are continuing to monitor the Wuhan coronavirus closely and are taking all necessary steps to protect the public We  31 precautionary tests and there are no confirmed cases in the UK. The NHS remains well prepared and well equipped to deal with all eventualities
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
Conspiracy theories are proliferating as fast as the #WuhanCoronavirus is, but does this 2015 video provide a coincidental yet alarming context given this report: 'Virus-hit #Wuhan has two labs linked to Chinese bio-warfare program'  … #CoronavirusOutbreak  
China's leader calls the spread of a new virus a grave situation as cities scramble to stop the spread of the illness that has infected more than 1,200 people and killed 41. Wuhan is banning most vehicles from downtown and Hong Kong is closing schools. 
graphic believed that this video was filmed in hospital #Wuhan the city locked down in China due to outbreak of #coronavirus patients who go a bed on corridor are considered as lucky. hospitals in Wuhan are running out essential supply. Gov helps nothing 
#Wuhan building new hospital specially for coronavirus patients  
Wuhan virus: Fourth victim confirmed in Malaysia   …
In Wuhan, a doctor dies of exhaustion whilst looking after patients. Not one of the celebrated journalists writing from across North America identify the professional by name, assess level of local sacrifice & service, & salute  That, ladies & gentlemen, is bias.
New leak from what's happening in China #coronavirus #Wuhan  
When the Air Crew finds out there is someone on the plane from Wuhan 
China banned travel across most of Hubei province, impacting 59M people. Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus, is under total lockdown. Officials say no one can leave: 450 military medics deployed U.S. ordered all consulate workers to evacuate 
check point and road blocks in China Fear of #WuhanCoronovirus spreads way beyond #Wuhan 
The outbreak began in Wuhan in central China and has spread to the rest of the country and overseas as people travel for the holiday. 
We have the most useless Gov’t...the Ugandan Embassy in Beijing hasn’t even reached out to Ugandans in Wuhan to check on them or even just convey a message of support. Other countries’ consulates are evacuating or counting all their citizens in China but Uganda NOTHING !!!
Tight regulations/controls HAVE been imposed. Flights to/from Wuhan HAVE been cancelled. Rapid response teams HAVE been dispatched. Airport screenings ARE taking place. MOH are already on high alert. Please don’t spread panic. Just follow advice from the professionals.  …
Owing to the outbreak of novel coronavirus in Wuhan,China. ARTISTKIM has donated 12600 pieces of disposable medical caps and 12600RMB on behalf of Kim Jaejoong’s fans on Jan,26th,2020. PLEASE PRAY FOR WUHAN！ @bornfreeonekiss 
“Evidence is emerging that officials in Wuhan deliberately downplayed the virus...Medical staff were banned from speaking publicly about what was taking place or accepting media interviews.”  …
The Health Ministry has confirmed another positive Coronavirus case, bringing the total number of cases detected to four. The 40 year old man from Wuhan exhibited symptoms a day after arriving in Johor Bahru, from Singapore. Currently, he is in stable condition.
U.S. to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China - WSJ  
In the 15 hours since I posted this thread, #China announced they are building a 2nd mobile hospital (1,300 beds) in #Wuhan, epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The 2nd hospital is in addition to a 1,000-bed hospital already underway (done in 10 days!). NOT good,  …
Whats this mystery plane with no callsign just departed #Wuhan? 
More on SNAKE SHOW in Hubei Province, China near capital of Wuhan.  
#Wuhan says it will build not one pre-fab hospital.. but two! Second will have 1,300 beds for #coronavirus patients. To be finished “within half a month,” #China state media says. (Vid of construction of first hospital quite  …
In Wuhan dialect - the man and woman in this video taken off Chinese social media says:”Record this now. There are so many of them. The big rescue army is arriving from Tianhe airport(Wuhan). Hope  Hope  #WuhanCoronovirus 
Lunar New Year festivities have been canceled as dozens die of the Wuhan coronavirus. Live updates: 
Wuhan today #Wuhan 
Breaking News: China ordered the suspension of tours abroad after 15 new coronavirus deaths in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. President Xi Jinping warned of an “accelerating” crisis. Follow live updates: 
I was asked to go see a SNAKE SHOW in Hubei Province where Wuhan is the capital. Most shocking show of my lifetime. I happened to film it. To think a major coronavirus  from here. (Video credit ⁦ @joehoft⁩ 
February 2017, Nature penned an extensive profile of what it called the "Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens." The location of this BSL-4 rated lab? Why, Wuhan. 
#UPDATE President Xi Jinping warns China is facing a "grave" situation as authorities take urgent action to halt the spread of a deadly #coronavirus that has killed 41 people and is overwhelming hospitals in Wuhan  
Carrie Lam: Hong Kong is now on maximum threat level against the Wuhan scourge. All transport to and from Wuhan stopped. Duterte: The Philippines will repatriate all visitors frm China arriving just before Wuhan outbreak Dr.Mahathir: Business as usual. Just wear masks.
Wuhan bans cars while Hong Kong closes schools as coronavirus spreads 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  …
Researchers predict that by Feb. 4 (10 days), #coronoavirus infections in Wuhan alone will surge to 132,000 to 273,000 people. Currently in China: >1,300 infected, 41 deaths Overseas: 38 confirmed cases  …
#Breaking: New evidence suggests Wuhan authorities deliberately downplayed the coronavirus and banned doctors from speaking publicly about it, @nvanderklippe 
While we must remain aggressive against spread of Wuhan #coronavirus, don't forget #fluvax. CDC estimates that so far this season there have been at least 15 million #flu illnesses, 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths including 54 children
The Chinese authorities are missing a trick by not employing the Wu-Tang Clan and having them rebrand as the Wuhan Clan to head a public health information drive, urging residents to 'Protect Ya Neck' by wearing an antiviral face mask.
The latest on the coronavirus outbreak: —41 people have died in China —President Xi Jinping called it "grave situation" —The U.S. ordered the evacuation of American employees from its consulate in Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter Follow live updates: 
Today, we donated ¥6100 to Hubei Charity Federation (湖北省慈善总会) in order to help the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan. Hope the outbreak is contained soon and pray for the safety of all 
In #Wuhan where hospitals are “overwhelmed,” a 2nd emergency hospital with 1300 beds will be built within weeks, in addition to a 1,000-bed hospital already begun. As I’ve warned, the #CoronavirusOutbreak is MUCH WORSE than the reported numbers of infections and deaths....
Allegedly rescue teams arriving at #Wuhan filmed by citizens, they said: "The troops are here to rescue us!" "The rescue teams have arrived! Hope  Hope  "They came here from Wuhan Tianhe Airport!" #WuhanPneumonia 
“We should rename influenza; call it XZ-47 virus, or something scarier” -- @DrPaulOffit. The coronavirus from Wuhan is new and looks serious, but so far it's nowhere near as dangerous as the flu. Smart story by @LizSzabo of @KHNews  … via @usatoday
#MyHouseMyAmerica Vote #Trump2020 #Veterans #KAG China Update: Some Predictions Indicate Wuhan Coronavirus Could Turn Into Major Pandemic #WWG1WGA Always #2A41A #Patriots Together We  …
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak  
Breaking news: Chinese President Xi warns of "accelerating spread" of Wuhan coronavirus and "grave" public health situation 
Now this is very interesting... "Xiangguo Qiu [edited for context] ...was invited to go to the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences twice a year for two years, for up to two weeks each time." -- CBC (Oct 2019)  …
Two patients cured by Chinese traditional medicines and now they left the hospital. #Wuhan 
S’pore biotech firm to launch Wuhan virus detection kit by Feb. 1, 2020  
They’ve quarantined 35 million in Wuhan and other areas For perspective, that’s the total of about 10 of the US largest cities. That’s basically like taking California and saying, “sit tight, indefinitely oh and no planes or transit” #CoronaOutbreak
Wuhan is connected to every major Chinese city by high speed rail. 
#Beijing just declared a first level emergency response. All interstate transportation services going in and out of Beijing are suspended beginning tomorrow. #Wuhan #Beijing #CoronaVirus #CoronaOutbreak 
WUHAN: Death toll 41. Soldiers/police with machine guns. Armoured vehicles on streets. This is looking more like a major accident at a facility or something a lot more than a naturally occurring virus doing its rounds. Something big has happened they're not admitting I feel. 
Nipah Virus is from... bats. Ebola Virus is from... bats. Marburg Virus is from... bats. Hanta Virus is from... bats. SARS is from... bats. MERS is from... bats. Coronavirus is from... bats. People in Wuhan were eating... 
Wuhan hospital doctor, 62, dies after contracting deadly coronavirus while battling to save infected patients as 1,200 medics fly in to fight outbreak 
#Virus-WAR When I told my #British family abt this conoravirus back in early December when it was a "CENSORED RUMOUR" inside #Wuhan #China, while #HongKongProtest was at its peak. My Brit fam's 1st impression was : Is this to #WuhanConoravirus made to wipe out #HongKongers?
Unconfirmed reports  out of China that tens of thousands are dead in Wuhan. 
The U.S. government is said to be arranging a charter flight Sunday to evacuate Americans from Wuhan, ⁦ @WSJ⁩  …
Stock markets don’t seem to have grasped the scale of and economic disruption from the Wuhan virus outbreak.
It’s called “drama,” which is badly needed, because there appears to be nothing very special about this outbreak of the 2019-nCoV or Wuhan ­virus. It should actually be called the DvV, or Déjà vu Virus, because we have been through these hysterias before.  …
U.S. Plans to Evacuate Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City Wuhan  …
2019: Chinese researcher escorted from infectious disease lab amid RCMP investigation tied to Wuhan  …
More pictures of an empty Wuhan sent by friends in Hubei. 
A husband and wife Chinese spy team were recently removed from a Level 4 Infectious Disease facility in Canada for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility. The husband specialized in coronavirus research. #coronaviruschina #CoronaOutbreak  …
i live in China. Friends with a few hospital workers, 1 of them said to not trust the government.. she thinks at least 100,000 are infected. WuHan and surrounding provinces are locked down.
A tribute to medical workers in Wuhan who are working 24/7 to take care of huge inflow of infected people. This is not to forget that it’s time for new year which is the biggest annual holiday in China. These people r real heroes. #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanPneumonia 
Some good news on your timeline ,Chinese authorities announce first cured coronavirus patient ,discharged from hospital in shanghai #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronovirus #wuhanvirus #wuhan 
Coronavirus: China to build two Wuhan hospitals in under three weeks  …
K media | Jungkook China, BTS Jungkook’s Chinese fanbase, announced on Monday that they organized emergency fundraiser and delivered 52,000 Yuan (7,500 USD) to Wuhan, the Chinese city stricken by the novel coronavirus. In addition to monetary donation, +  
Now back to our coverage of the Wuhan Fitness Games.  …
China's Wuhan will build a second #SARS treatment-model makeshift hospital and put it into use in half a month. #pneumonia 
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times  …
This is one of the main reason why Wuhan Virus is so dangerous. The incubation period tend to be longer than normal flu and there's no way to know you've been infected until you're getting checked or the symptoms start to show up. Stay safe  …
There is a real problem in #Wuhan. It is hard to believe 10 cities and 30M people would be quarantined for just 800 cases of infection by #coronavirus. That is 0.00005% of this regions 
"We're running out of hospital supplies ... the supermarkets are out of food." What people are saying inside Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak. 
The Simpson predicted the future again. #coronavirus #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan #China 
Healthcare workers in the Chinese city of Wuhan say hospitals are running low on supplies as they struggle to cope with the outbreak of the deadly Wuhan coronavirus. 
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
Overworked doctors battling deadly coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan are wearing NAPPIES as there is no time for toilet breaks  #coronavirusoutbreak
IreneBar donated 5,000 CNY to Wuhan Charity Federation on behalf of Irene 
Audio allegedly from a medical worker in #Wuhan claiming 100,000 people have been infected with #coronavirus, that the Chinese Gov is not helping and cannot be trusted. "People are dying in front of their eyes" Can anybody please confirm the 
We know more about the #coronavirus now. It is 3 times as contagious as  flu, and deadly to about 3% of those who catch it. Be very careful everyone, wherever you are. It's spreading fast. This is from a medical worker in a Wuhan hospital today. 
Warning: Graphic Content Unnerving Leaked Footage From Wuhan, China Of People Literally Dropping In The Streets From Coronavirus China Has Quarantined 35 Million People In 12 Cities 
Please can someone translate this video? Allegedly it is from a hospital worker in #Wuhan named 'Jingui' claiming 90,000 people have been infected with #coronavirus. Is this what the lady 
A nurse in Chengdu, China has her hair cut short before heading to Wuhan to help deal with the novel coronavirus outbreak. 
We goin wuhan 
 out of Wuhan, China bodies on the street and hospitals jam packed the Coronavirus epidemic is spreading 
U.S. to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China: WSJ  
Wuhan is going to build a second hospital for #2019nCoV. The first one, which is under construction now, is called 火神山 the mountain of the god of fire, and the second is called 雷神山 the mountain of the god of thunder. May the gods of fire and thunder stop the disease...
Sri Lanka says it's ready to evacuate 30 Sri Lankan students in Wuhan, if necessary 
And suddenly he’s doctor.They were brought to Sg Buloh because of the facilities lah. You cant simply deport people back to Wuhan when all the flights to and from Wuhan have been cancelled.There are protocols in place in which you have no knowledge about  …
So 40 million people are not allowed to leave Wuhan making it the biggest quarantine in history and we’re supposed to think this  fine? This is how every zombie outbreak movie begins #CoronaOutbreak
US arranging charter flight Sunday to evacuate its citizens, diplomats from Wuhan, sources tell @WSJ. ~1k Americans in city. US consulate contacting to offer ride. Boeing 767 jet seats 230. Evacuated must pay. Medical staff also on board to monitor. US consulate temporarily shut.
BREAKING: U.S. evacuating Americans from Wuhan, temporarily closing down consulate in city, reports @WSJ. Charter flight to be arranged that carries 230 people. 1,000 Americans believed to be in Wuhan. Other countries negotiating with Beijing to arrange similar. @CBSNews is  …
15 Chinese cities are now in lockdown as Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread. Health care workers in Wuhan are warning that hospitals are running low on supplies, @David_Culver reports.  
Police have raided wildlife markets across Eastern China as the #coronavirus outbreak spreads around the world. The virus is suspected to have spread to humans in a seafood market in Wuhan where live exotic animals and other wildlife were sold 
“As it stands, flights to Wuhan has been cancelled and we are discussing possibilities of having all flights to China cancelled” says Malaysian health minister Dr Dzul. He’s discussing with PM & home minister as the spread continues in China & elsewhere .  …
Japan confirms third case of Wuhan virus  
NEW: The U.S. is planning an evacuation of its diplomats and citizens out of Wuhan. The flight leaves tomorrow, and can carry about 230 people back to the U.S. The operation was approved by China's Foreign Ministry. Scoop by @jamestareddy 
China's top virus lab is in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak  via @MailOnline
Even if street protests in Hong Kong hit pause during the Wuhan outbreak, statements like this are enough to prop up public anger. It's a health crisis and you can bet every one of Carrie Lam's moves will be scrutinized.  …
THE SCIENTIST WHO PREDICTED CORONAVIRUS COULD KILL 65 MILLION PEOPLE–THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE OUTBREAK IN WUHAN China recently developed a deadly pathogen lab in Wuhan, with U.S. bio-safety experts warning in 2017 that a virus could "escape" the facility.  …
#HongKong has declared the #coronavirus outbreak an emergency. Leader Carrie Lam has said that schools will remain closed until at least Feb. 17 and all trains and flights from #Wuhan, #China will be stopped.
Simple. If you even read extensively, MERS do not pass easily between people, unlike Wuhan 2019-nCOv that spreads easily between people even after a jump from animal. You can catch Wuhan virus simply by people sneezing near you.  
With #coronoavirus spreading Wuhan district in China is building a 1000 bedded hospital in 12 days. Just look at the pace of activity... 
Outbreaks in Wuhan, flights dah cancelled so semua orang kena rilek je everything is under control? Kalau under control takde la dah sampai Malaysia, setan. People have all the reasons to be worried kot.
France confirms first three cases of Wuhan coronavirus in Europe 
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
Human diets and the “ecology of disease”: The coronavirus outbreak underscores that most new and emerging infectious diseases affecting humans originate in animals. China's SARS pandemic originated from civet cats while the Wuhan coronavirus has spread from another animal market.
[FANCLUB] 200125 The fanclub posted a call for donations towards Wuhan Charity Federation's 2019-nCoV Prevention & Control Fund. #JacksonWang #王嘉尔 #잭슨 #TEAMWANG #GOT7 @JacksonWang852 
#StandWithWuhan 450 military doctors, medical personnel from China's three military medical universities - some with  SARS or Ebola - rushed to #Wuhan at the wee hours on Friday to help fight #CoronavirusOutbreak Follow live updates:  
please @SMTOWNGLOBAL cancel or postpone nct dream's overseas promotions till further notice. the wuhan coronavirus is spreading rapidly and being with thousands of ppl in an enclosed area is very risky. please protect both artistes and fans. #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
Everyone who has visited Macau for SS8. Please check the below link. Many Wuhan ELF stepped forward to tell us where they were at during the concert and suggest everyone in the area to be extra careful. They are currently fine but better to play safe.  …
Doctor dies from Wuhan virus at Hubei hospital To all our frontline staff as well as the doctors, nurses & staff at Hosp Sg Buloh please adhere to all the procedures that you've been trained in. Thank you for yr service. Please take care.  …
Let’s pray for the people of Wuhan, Hubei & China! Let us trust the Chinese government, and establish a firm confidence in defeating the #coronavirus! With one heart & one mind, we will try our best to win the full victory of this special war! 为武汉、湖北、全国人民祈福！
this is allegedly a voice note from a nurse in Wuhan, China at the epicenter of where the coronavirus began. heartbreaking if it’s real. 
Wuhan, China: WUHAN CITY COMMERCIAL CENTER CLOSED SECOND DAY DESERTED STREETS DUE TO QUARANTINE Wuhan epidemic situation updated daily: death toll rises to 41, many hospitals ask for help #coronavirus  …
Not your average Happy CNY msg In her full protection gear, Dr. Jinnhui announced a grave warning to her friends and families: "I am currently at the infected Hankou District in #Wuhan. So far, more than 90,000 people have been infected by #WuhanCoronavirus." 
This was our most-viewed video on Twitter this week - the footage allegedly shows dead bodies lying in hospital in Wuhan, the city where the #coronavirus 
UPDATE Countries with confirmed and suspected cases of Wuhan 
A doctor who worked at a hospital in Wuhan, where coronavirus patients are being treated, died Saturday morning. The pneumonia-causing virus has so far claimed the lives of more than 40 people while infecting more than 1,200 others 
Everyone is praising Philippines for sending Wuhan tourists back but they are also claiming that there’s an outright ban on all China tourists which is false. Also another fact, AA and Malindo has banned Wuhan flights. Fact check everything. Panic and lies don’t help anyone 
#Wuhan city will build a second #coronavirus hospital, authorities said Saturday. The facility, Leishenshan Hospital, will house 1,300 beds to help contain the #CoronavirusOutbreak. It's expected to  within two weeks. Meanwhile, work continues at Huoshenshan 
A simple dua to protect us during this time of the Wuhan virus. Whoever recites this three times in the morning will not be afflicted by any calamity before evening. And whoever recites this three times in the evening will not be afflicted by any calamity before morning 
China physically blocking the road to prevent spread of #coronarovirus. On the border btw Jingzhou and Yichang in Hubei province. Provincial capital Wuhan already under lockdown. 
In 2017, China built a laboratory to study the Corona and Ebola virus in Wuhan, and US biosafety experts warned that the virus might "leak" from the facility, which is what actually happened. 
Jennie bar made another donation for Wuhan virus 1. Jennie bar own money RMB 3000, sincerely of China Jennie bar 2. JNB organized a crowdfunding since fans were asking and willing to donate, funding ended within 1 hr cuz its over JNB estimation, total 27990.45 
Wuhan announced to build another hospital with a capacity of 1,300 beds for #nCoV2019 patients in the next 15 days. The hospital will be named as Leishenshan  …
JUST IN: Hong Kong declares Wuhan virus outbreak an "emergency" The Hong Kong Disease contingency plan has been upgraded from “serious” to “emergency” level, Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam announces | via 
As we  Chinese new year our thoughts are with those tackling the health crisis in Wuhan. Authorities have acted quickly and the  is rallying to support. We all hope for a swift end to the outbreak and wish Chinese people everywhere a happy new year 
I spent my New Year by watching news about Wuhan epidemic. China should seriously stop eating weird food. The outbreak came from bat soup that they consumed. 
BREAKING: The virus-hit Chinese city of Wuhan bans most vehicles including private cars from the downtown area in a further bid to limit spread of the illness. 
Virus fighting & politics at least got one thing  TIMING IS UTMOST IMPORTANT. This lame govt delayed 3 months before retreating the extradition bill. They delayed Wuhan pneumonia preventive measures that the medical sector advocated for 2 weeks, missing the prime time.  …
#BREAKING Carrie Lam: #HongKong to upgrade to highest level amid #CoronavirusOutbreak, flights and trains from #Wuhan City suspended indefinitely. HK has five confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus 
Hong Kong declares #Wuhan virus outbreak an 'emergency', reports AFP. #NovelCoronavirus
Hmmm ... Coincidence??? Biolab for “Most Dangerous Pathogens on Earth” Opened in Wuhan Before Outbreak  
From my experience as a cabin crew, Wuhan passengers are the worst passenger i have ever encountered. They have no manners, stubborn, uncivilised and dirty. They even push me at the aisle and run my feet over with their luggage wheel  …
Voice message from a medical staff in #Wuhan. "There are more than 100.000 Infected. The government provides no medical supplies... People are dying right in front of our eyes...Don't EVER trust the government. We are on our own." #coronarovirus Eng 
JUST IN: Hong Kong upgrades corona virus response level to emergency tier. All major events, public and private, will be cancelled. All flights, trains to Wuhan cancelled indefinitely.
FYI: flights and trains from #wuhan to #hk already cut after the city was put in a lock down by mainland govt
No confirmed cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been detected in the UK and the risk to the UK population is low. If you have travelled to the affected area, make sure you know what to do if you experience symptoms:  
#HongKong halts flights and high-speed trains from Wuhan. Health declarations will be expanded to all ports. If visitors are dishonest, they may be fined or face imprisonment, Chief Exec. Carrie Lam says.  … 
#NOW - #carrielam announced measures against #CoronavirusOutbreak: 1. Upping govt's disease contingency plan from serious to emergency lvl 2. Four medical experts appointed to make suggestions directly to Lam 3. Suspension of flights and trains to #wuhan indefinitely 
UPDATE | Japan declares third infection in woman who traveled from Wuhan. 
[Video 1 of 4] Protect yourself. Please wear a mask. Allegedly China has been concealing the real situation in #Wuhan of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Corpses & unconscious ppl can be found everywhere in the city. It's #ChineseNewYear now. More & more Chinese are out of the 
I am not too happy with meeting my new roommate from Wuhan Province His name is Ahh Choo
The Construction work at #Wuhan Vulcan Mountain Hospital is making rapid progress, images show how nearly two thirds of the leveling has  keeping on track with the 03 Feb 2020 deadline #China #WuhanCoronavirus 
Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science & Engineering launched tracking map website of the Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as it appears to be spreading around the globe in real-time.  
Wuhan hospital doctor, 62, DIES while battling to save infected patients as 1,200 medics fly in to fight 
BREAKING: Wuhan City will ban cars from urban areas
"I am a doctor who was unfortunately infected with the virus...I don't think we're alone...My college classmates have all begun to join our team...When I get back to health, I will return to the battlefield! #Wuhan can win! I'm sure we can win!" Respect to all doctors and nurses! 
Breaking: Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, will ban the use of private vehicles from the urban area starting on Sunday in order to stop the spread of Coronavirus.
"I have nowhere to turn to now ... Please help me." People in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, are using social media to express their fear and anger — and cry for help. 
Doctor Liang Wudong at the ENT department of Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line fighting against #nCoV2019 in Wuhan, died from the virus on Sat at the age of 62. 
Get this. Wuhan (China) authorities are building a Field Hospital, from scratch, to cater to a 1,000 Coronavirus patients, in ONLY a Week! 
As of noon, Chinese government has allocated following medical supplies for #Wuhan - 3 million masks - 114k protective suits - 110k pairs of medical gloves - 2,180 pairs of safety goggles The delivery is underway. more:  
This is the frenzy of construction at the site of the new hospital in Wuhan for coronavirus victims. I suspect that even if the city really needs this hospital, there’s the symbolic value of showing that, just like they built a new hospital to beat SARS, Wuhan can also do it. 
Latest developments of the #CoronavirusOutbreak: - Death toll jumps to 41 from 25 - Confirmed #coronavirus cases climb to 1,287 including 237 severe cases - Australia, Malaysia report 1st confirmed cases - #Wuhan doctor reported dead More @business :  
This is Yuan Banfu, a building worker in Wuhan from Henan Province. The virus outbreak meant he couldn’t return home. He heard about a callout for skilled building workers to volunteer erecting the new hospital in days. He said he felt very proud to help the Wuhan people. 
People are dropping like flies. Black death 2.0 happening in Wuhan right now. #Wuhancoronavirus #Wuhan #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanLockDown #wuhanvirus Video credit: 
#Wuhan Hospital Construction Site, local drone video shows the day two situation on site as #China races against time #Coronavirus 
There is a direct flight from Changsha to Nairobi. Changsha is close to Wuhan. Not that it means anything, but if there was a time Kenya Airports Authority & the Ministry of Health needed to be serious, it is now.
Please don't, we  more people especially from Wuhan. Let the Malaysians die  …
This is why we should restrict them from entering @chedetofficial. Even China government has sealed off Wuhan so no one gets out and in. The situation is dire.  …
This is the the site of the new hospital being instant-built in Wuhan to treat victims of the coronavirus. Trucks, earth movers, armies of workers — all wearing masks. 
From 2017 Inside the Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens A laboratory in Wuhan is on the cusp of being cleared to work with the world’s most dangerous pathogens.  …
Translation of the Wuhan Doctor video that's going viral.. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
Scientific and medical decisions should never be influenced by politics even in mundane circumstances. Given what is at stake, WHO’s decisions regarding the Wuhan virus so far is very concerning.  …
Coronavirus outbreak: doctor in Wuhan hospital dies as army medics flown in  …
Shoppers wearing surgical masks lined up for groceries at a supermarket in Wuhan as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak linked to the death of at least 41 people.  
I live in #Wuhan. Today is the third day of the lockdown of the city. Here are some things I see or hear from other citizens these days. The situation is far more severe than you might think, I think support from international organizations is in grave need. @WHO 
Saturday in Wuhan, heading out on a very empty expressway. The first day of the Lunar New Year and the city feels desolate and quiet. But there is a lot happening in this story in China and worldwide. Follow it at our live briefing.  
Nipah Virus is from... bats. Ebola Virus is from... bats. Marburg Virus is from... bats. Hanta Virus is from... bats. SARS is from... bats. MERS is from... bats. Coronavirus is from... bats. People in Wuhan were eating... 
Mental collapse of a nurse: “I can’t bear this anymore.” Terribly heartbreaking. If you are not prepared for this desperate scene don’t click. All Wuhan hospitals are running out of supplies, waiting for domestic and international donations. #coronarovirus #Wuhan 
CoronaVirus Hospitals workers doctors nurses have started writing down their LAST WORDS to their families, as they have taken the frontline roles for the #CoronavirusOutbreak Till now, Carrie Lam refuses to terminate trains and flights from #Wuhan , to stop the outbreak! 
Liang Wudong, a surgeon who was treating patients in Wuhan, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
I am not into this believe of since the Chinese government put millions of Muslims into concentration camps, Hence God is punishing them with this Wuhan virus outbreak. And I am most disappointed that our own  is saying as such.
Coronavirus updates: - More than 800 people have been diagnosed and at least 26 are dead - Hospitals in Wuhan are overwhelmed with patients - The disease has reached Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the United States 
This is very great initiative to spread information in regards to Wuhan Coronavirus.  …
Breaking: Hong Kong Terrorist Yi En Cheong at large after releasing #coronovirus in #wuhan This is suspected as a retaliation of military force in Hong Kong. #BreakingNews #wuhanvirus #China #ChineseNewYear #WorldNews #YearoftheRat2020 Source:  
Imagine my shock. ”China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center.”  …
Interesting coincidence both cases of Wuhan virus reported in the U.S. are sanctuary cities.
"Mackay worries that the authorities might have “just created a large cell-culture dish in which all these people will share the infection and create a lot more cases all stuck in Wuhan” "He says the lockdown could have a psychological effect on people"  …
Is anyone talking about the fact koalas were being sold for EATING at the market where the #carona virus originated in #Wuhan? How many other markets are selling these? We should be initiating a international investigation. Absolutely disgusting.  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  …
Wuhan, the epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak will follow Beijing's SARS treatment model by building a dedicated hospital to receive patients infected with the virus. Here are some facts about 
1/2) Hey, anyone remember that one time when that Canadian government scientist, Dr. Xiangguo Qiu, worked at the National Microbiology Lab in Winnipeg, where the WORLD'S DEADLIEST DISEASES are made, and went to WUHAN, China and was escorted out by the RCMP...
The families of three people who died in Wuhan this week described discrepancies between information they received from doctors and what appeared on the death certificates 
[Taehyung Weverse]25.01.20 Op:everyone take care of your health because wuhan pneumonia  these days everyone take care of your health,safety is the best, you catch it before you even know it so don’t forget and be a little careful TAEHYUNG IS THE BESTEST BOY EVER:( 
A total of 1,230 medical workers in six batches have been sent to support Wuhan and another six teams are now on standby. Two medical teams from Guangdong, Shanghai and one team of military medics have arrived in Wuhan and started their work: top health authority on Sat 
Hospital staff in Wuhan are wearing adult diapers because they don't have time to pee while caring for an overwhelming number of coronavirus patients  …
About 450 military medical personnel and eight medical teams arrived in Wuhan, C China's Hubei province, on Friday to fight the new #coronavirus pneumonia. A batch of medical supplies and equipment was also sent to Wuhan by the Airborne Force. 
200124 everyone, these days, wuhan pneumonia  take care of your health and have a happy lunar new year break everyone take care of your health, safety is the best, you catch it before you even know it so don’t forget and be a little careful~ 
Wuhan virus: Malaysia confirms first 3 cases; all patients related to Chinese national who was Singapore's first case  
I made a video about the #coronoavirus outbreak, and how the Chinese government is handling it horribly! Part of the problem is for a long time face masks were banned! Here is the video -  … make sure to subscribe! #wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanLockDown
9/ ...cannot be stopped by containment alone. A 99% quarantine lockdown containment of Wuhan will not even reduce the epidemic’s spread by even 1/3rd in the next 2 weeks. Thus, I really hate to be the epidemiologist who has to admit this, but we are potentially faced with...
goinh to stay inside all weekend with my vast library of console releases. due to Wuhan
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  …
The 2nd US patient in Chicago IL is infected with the Coronavirus after traveling to Wuhan, China. The 1st patient is in the Seattle, WA area. There's also 63 possible cases in 22 States across the Country. Be Safe! Wash Your Hands!  …
5/ travel restrictions from and to Wuhan city are unlikely to be effective in halting transmission across China; with a 99% effective reduction in travel, the size of the epidemic outside of Wuhan may only be reduced by 24.9% on 4 February. Our findings are...
4/ we predict the epidemic in Wuhan will be substantially larger by 4 February (191,529 infections; prediction interval, 132,751-273,649), infection will be established in other Chinese cities, and importations to other countries will be more frequent. Our model suggests that..
China must know something... they are acting unusually worried about the Coronavirus. These are pictures from the city of Wuhan, where China says they are building a 1,000 bed field hospital just to deal with Coronavirus. ...and they are building it in 6 days! 
*diagnosed with Wuhan virus* Indian mums: 
Many Chinese flying in from Wuhan as the #ChineseNewYear holiday ends. You need to monitor someone for 14 days to confirm that he/she is free from the #CoronaVirus. I hear that health officials at JKIA are just collecting bribes from those traveling from Wuhan.
The people of Wuhan are innocent victims -not dangerous 'others' to be vilified or blamed for the epidemic. Ditto with the people of China. Let's not allow our concerns over the novel coronavirus turn into irrational fear & get in the way of evidence-based policies and empathy.
#China is using the Democrat tactics: trying to blame US for #Coronavirus Why? Bc China repeatedly pledged it would have no—& didn’t have any—biological weapons program! Virus-hit #Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program!  …
Liang Wudong, a surgeon who was treating patients in Wuhan, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
BREAKING: State-run China Global Television Network reported that a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line in battling the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China has died from the virus at age 62  
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak  
Malaysia has confirmed 3 cases of the Wuhan virus, as a result of close contact. The cases are related (family members) to the case detected in Singapore - the 66-year-old man from Wuhan. 
AFP's reporters ON THE GROUND in Wuhan haven't seen any dead bodies in the streets of the city. But Twitter is here for the rumors of the zombie apocalypse.  …
A virologist in #Wuhan reports the government there has  paralyzed and has lost the ability to fight the coronavirus outbreak. This person believes Beijing is also incapable and is therefore appealing to the  for immediate help. #China #WuhanOutbreak
BREAKING: A doctor in Wuhan, China, has died after a suspected #coronavirus infection, local media reports. More on the latest @business:  #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program The deadly animal virus epidemic spreading globally may have originated in a Wuhan laboratory linked to China’s covert biological weapons program. via ⁦ @washingtonpost⁩  …
URGENT: CHINA CURED FIRST PATIENT! #coronavirus #wuhan #WuhanCoronovirus #pneumonia 
This is from No. 5 Hospital in #Wuhan. A medical staff member says,"We can no longer handle it. The hospital is full of patients. Full in all 24 hours. Patients knee down and beg for us to save them. However, right now there is no effective drugs for this... 
With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine  
Voice message from a medical staff in #Wuhan. "There are more than 100,000 infected. The government provides no medical supplies... People are dying right in front of our eyes...Don't EVER trust the government. We are on our own." En subtitle #WuhanOutbreak 
Sad to learn a doctor who had been at the front line of the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, just passed away due to the virus.
China first reported the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan on Dec. 30, 2019. Here's what we know so far:  
NEW: Chinese doctor treating patients for coronavirus dies from coronavirus. State run @CGTNOfficial tweeted Liang Wudong, a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city, died from the virus aged 62.
BREAKING: Hundreds of military medical staff have arrived in Wuhan, the epicentre of coronavirus outbreak.
This story is an interview with the woman who apparently shot the viral video of a Wuhan hospital with dead bodies lying around. It is absolutely horrific.  …
A second patient in the U.S. has been found to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus, the CDC announced on Friday 
There are 5 confirmed #WuhanCoronavirus cases in #HongKong now, chief executive #CarrieLam said she’s going to have meeting with officials today, she’ll put public health safety as first priority. But she refused to answer if govt will ban entry of #Wuhan tourists. 
Latest: Doctor died of the new #coronavirus - Liang Wudong, a senior doctor at a hospital in #Wuhan, died on January 25 after failing treatment for the new pneumonia at the age of 62. This is the very FIRST case of death concerning a doctor since the outbreak of the 
#coronavirus Thread: Virus-hit #Wuhan has 2 laboratories linked to #Chinese bio-warfare program #coronavirus maybe originated in a Wuhan laboratory linked to #China’s covert biological weapons program, says an #Israeli biological warfare expert  …
Cases of people infected with coronavirus reported in #France #Australia #USA and #UK. Reports on at least 100,000 people who might carry the virus in the chinese city of #Wuhan, the outbreaks center. Chinese new year traveling causes difficulties to contain the virus.
#coronoavirus: China lock-down 13 cities in Hubei province after Wuhan; school holiday extended. Death toll climbs to 41, confirmed cases rise to 1287. China launches highest level of public Health emergency response. Military doctors deployed to help civilian doctors 
People across China anonymously ordered takeout food to medical staff on the frontline of battling #CoronavirusVirus in #Wuhan on the eve of Chinese Lunar New Year to extend their support and gratitude: CGTN 
Please read this articles regarding Wuhan virus.  …
The Wuhan coronavirus has some people fearing a repeat of the SARS pandemic in 2003 that killed hundreds & wreaked havoc on Hong Kong's economy. A lot has changed, but there's still concern over China's response — and just how transparent Beijing is being. 
Australia declared its first confirmed case of the Wuhan coronavirus in Victoria, with the patient hospitalized in a stable condition in Melbourne  
#BREAKING: Authorities confirm that a man in Melbourne who had travelled from Wuhan has tested positive for the deadly coronavirus.
BREAKING: Chinese government censoring Wuhan virus outbreak posts on social media - 
I’ve read they’re under reporting the amt of people. They can’t even explain HOW it’s spreading. How can they contain something worldwide if they don’t know?! China builds 1,000-bed coronavirus hospital in Wuhan at the epicenter of the outbreak  …
Australia reported its first confirmed case of coronavirus following the infection of a Wuhan man who flew into Melbourne from China on Jan. 19 
Liang Wudong, a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line of the #CoronavirusOutbreak battle in Wuhan, dies from the virus at age 62. 
I need you guys to at least read this to at least know what Wuhan virus is please. It’s 80% genetically identical as SARS, not airbone but spread through water droplets (sneeze/cough). There is currently NO vaccine for this virus.  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times  …
The Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory is the only lab in China designated for studying dangerous pathogens like SARS and Ebola. US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' this exact facility.  …
Even Shanghai Disneyland dah closed down starting 25 Jan 2020 (till further notices) because of the Wuhan viruses. Shit is getting real. Whatever info we’re getting from non-Chinese press is just the minimal one je. 
First confirmed case of coronavirus in Australia. ‘The Sunday Herald Sun has learned the person returned to Melbourne from Wuhan in China last week. The State Government will make the announcement today.’ 
January 25 is the first day of the Lunar New Year, as countries across Asia greet the Year of the Rat. But celebrations will be considerably smaller in China this year as authorities seek to help contain the Wuhan coronavirus. Follow live updates: 
Patient returned from Wuhan last week.  …
Victorian Health has confirmed it has Australia’s first confirmed case of the new and deadly coronavirus. The state’s health minister said the person is a Chinese National in his 50s that had spent time in the city Wuhan. He has been isolated in a Melbourne hospital.
BREAKING: Australia’s first case of coronavirus has been confirmed here in Melbourne. A man in his 50s from Wuhan is in a stable condition and in isolation at Monash Hospital in Clayton. He flew into Melb on flight CZ321 on Jan 19. 
BREAKING: The first case of the deadly coronavirus in Australia has been confirmed - a man in Melbourne who had traveled from Wuhan, China.
Chinese 'nurse' claims 'everyone will end up being infected' as corpses of coronavirus victims are left lying in a Wuhan hospital  #CoronavirusOutbreak
NEW: It’s Chinese new year here in Beijing but it’s tough to truly celebrate. #Coronavirus cases have jumped past 1,000, up 180 overnight. 41 people have died, up 15. And watch - Wuhan is rushing to build a hospital in 10 days with 1,000 beds! @CBSNews is here. @CBSEveningNews 
PTSD from medical staff in #Wuhan. There are not enough resources to spread around and those who want to quit are being threatened that their licenses would be removed. Latest speculation is that infected persons may be up to 100,000. Stay clean, stay fresh and healthy folks.  …
*Red Zone update in Thailand* - Train night market Ratchada - The Grand Palace - JJ market - Iconsiam - Siam Paragon - Platinum department store - China Town Please wear mask and avoid to travel to these areas. #ไวรัสโคโรนา #Wuhan
Bill Gertz @BILLGertz is one of the top National Security journalists in the world. This is his his latest piece on the bio warfare labs in Wuhan. - Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program #coronaviruschina #outbreak  …
Three cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been identified in France, the Health Ministry says. They are the first European cases of the newly discovered virus, officials said.  
People across China anonymously ordered takeout food to medical staff on the frontline of battling #CoronavirusVirus in #Wuhan on the eve of Chinese New Year to extend their support and gratitude 
I don’t think the #coronarovirus is something to joke over anymore, it’s getting more and more serious. According to this woman with family in Hubei (province where Wuhan is) they’re running out of supplies. Please stay safe everyone. 
This says that the #CCP now realized the #coronoavirus is out of control. In #Wuhan alone, 150K have been infected. They plan to replace the current leaders of Wuhan and Hubei. More cities can be locked-down, the entire country can be put under military control & emergency status  …
I have noticed a tendency among Vancouverites of the non-Asian persuasion to snicker at face masks viz the risks posed by the Wuhan coronavirus. I don't laugh. People who were in Hong Kong during the 2002-2003 Sars outbreak don't laugh. It was a shared trauma for millions 2/
#BREAKING : The people of #Wuhan began to protest on the streets, police began to crack down with baton and shield. #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronovirus 
#China has a history of not accurately reporting outbreaks, so it's hard to know exactly what is happening, especially with no free press, internet, etc. China's massive response is VERY telling and strongly suggests that the #CoronavirusOutbreak is VERY bad, especially in Wuhan
In an "outbreak," local hospitals can get overwhelmed, and there aren't enough hospital beds, staff, ventilators (breathing machines). This appears to be the case in #Wuhan, where authorities are working to build a 1000-bed (mobile) hospital in JUST 10 DAYS. This is ALARMING.
Per @CDCgov, "Early on, many of the patients in the outbreak in #Wuhan, #China reportedly had some link to a large seafood/animal market, suggesting animal-to-person spread." Now, many newly diagnosed patients have NO connection to the market, supporting human-human spread = BAD
Two facilities in Wuhan are linked to covert Chinese biological weapons programs. Did the deadly coronavirus escape from a BW weapons lab?  …
True, but consider that flu (compared to SARS, can’t speak to Wuhan) is a more capable killer given its infectivity, incubation, mutation ability. Flu doesn’t really get contained like SARS or MERS did. But none of it is good. Wash your hands. Don’t lick strangers.
Bat soup is a popular dish in #Wuhan, #China, a location of the recent #coronavirus outbreak. Scientists link the deadly coronavirus to the flying 
Funny thing is, if we said there was a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus right now, we’d all run out and get it — but way too few people get a flu vaccine, and flu can be hella deadly. Presently way deadlier than Wuhan, SARS, MERS, etc. What I’m saying is, get your flu shot.
Chinese health authorities: 15 new deaths confirmed in coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, raising China’s death toll to 41; more than 1,000 cases confirmed  …
We have raised our travel advice for Wuhan and Hubei province to level 4 - “Do not travel.” Chinese authorities have restricted travel in at least 5 Hubei cities. Australians going there may not be able to leave until restrictions are lifted. Please check  ….
The US has announced its second confirmed case of Wuhan coronavirus. Senator Hawley wants to know when and how the Administration might consider restricting travel to the United States from affected regions of China.  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program 
The #Wuhan #Coronavirus has so far spread to: - Vietnam - Thailand - Japan - Singapore - South Korea - Taiwan - Hong Kong - 
Breaking News: 15 more people died from a coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, pushing the death toll to 41 
Ground glass opacity is the major early CT manifestation of wuhan 19-nCov 
#NEW: 1,125 confirmed cases of the coronavirus worldwide - 41 fatalities. #Wuhan #China #CoronavirusOutbreak
really no need to say much about the topic but my only take is wuhan is building a hospital immediately to be ready by feb 3, when has the US ever done anything like that? most days it seems like the US doesnt even have 1000 hospital beds across the whole country
Western diplomats in #Wuhan are understood to have looked into information about Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory, a key facility for researching Ebola and SARS located just 20 miles south of the Huanan seafood market, epicentre of the latest #coronavirus outbreak.
Good morning #Wuhan: Real-time network data show China education and research network #CERNET is back online in the city as of 6 am local time. Timings are in line with a curfew-like outage cycle introduced 22 January. The nightly cuts are novel and remain unexplained 
I feel so bad for all the doctors and nurses in Wuhan. I've seen videos my friends in china sent me of doctors working 4 shifts straight yelling at the higher ups and nurses crying because there now infected. Praying for everyone 
New Perspective article: A novel coronavirus, designated as 2019-nCoV, emerged in Wuhan, China, at the end of 2019. Although many details of the emergence of this virus remain unknown, it has put global public health institutions on high alert. #nCoV2019 
No cars exiting the city. Only materials and professional personnel(doctors, nurses, construction  in. #coronovirus #wuhan 
BREAKING: The server with Hillary’s emails has been located in Wuhan China. They will happily turn it over to Trump upon his arrival.
This is a terrible take. Trying to link the spread of the Wuhan virus to the Belt and Road Initiative is nonsense.  …
Stress and anger in Wuhan’s overburdened hospitals: “I don’t want do this job any more. Just fire me! Kick me out, send me back home,” a doctor at Wuhan No. 5 Hospital yelled into the phone, frustration and exhaustion exploding out of him.  …
Looks like we might already be seeing human-to-human #nCoV2019 transmission following exportation. “One confirmed case in #Vietnam had no travel history to any part of #China but was a family member of a confirmed case who visited #Wuhan.” Read More:  …
Chinese government is the murder! They use their official medias like CCTV, Weibo, Tencent to spreading the rumors and arrested those people who are spreading the truth. Wuhan people didn't know how dangerous it is. #Wuhan 
Mainland nurse claimed 90,000 infected #coronavirus in,CCP hide the truth.1 infected wl spread virus to 14ppl. At least 300,000 ppl runaway just fm Wuhan b4 it's locked down,they can go anywhere by flight & train once they runaway fm those locked cities. 
"I have nowhere to turn to now ... Please help me." People in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, are using social media to express their fear and anger — and cry for help. 
I am certain that China do not understand what 'Situation contained' .... actually means! FYI: Earlier they dispatched a medical team from Second Military Medicine University in Shanghai to Wuhan.
Officials in Wuhan initially downplayed the new virus 
Hey, you plan to help my family and the 1000s of other Americans who are stuck in Wuhan??? Is the government negotiating anything? Or are you leaving your citizens here to die? PLEASE HELP US!
Number of people infected with #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan, China, predicted to reach 250.000 by Feb. 4th 2020. Major international crisis. Multiple reports to Western press that situation is (much) worse than officially reported. 
This morning the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced confirmation the first case in Illinois of novel coronavirus in an individual who travelled to the city of Wuhan in central China. At this time, the risk to the general public remains low.
#CCP #censorship have withhold for weeks -as in #SARS epidemia,2003- information vital to #PublicHealth.It was only when #HongKong media reported #coronavirus spreading to other cities beyond #Wuhan that @XiJingping Gov.admitted:4days ago! 
CDC Confirms Wuhan Coronavirus Case In Chicago As China Locks Down Travel In More Cities  …
As with any new disease, we must carefully monitor the Wuhan coronavirus and devote more resources into medical research to fight outbreaks like these. All indications so far are that the Wuhan coronavirus is not as severe or deadly as SARS or MERS. So that’s a good thing.
If this 1:14 infection rate and estimate of infections of 90,000 cases is verified then the world has a serious pandemic on it's hands. #coronarovirus #Wuhan  …
China is rushing to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan dedicated to patients infected with the coronavirus. It will be a prefabricated structure slated  by Feb. 3. China has done this before, It built a SARS hospital from scratch in just six days back in 2003. 
The Coronavirus outbreak, spreading quickly from its epi-center in Wuhan, China is now in cities near you! This video tells you what you need to know & what you need to do to keep your family safe WATCH  
Correlation is not causation: China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center  … via @MailOnline
Here's a glimpse of new virus-related developments that occurred overnight. Total of confirmed cases now 939+, 26 dead. China restricts travel for 46+ million people across 16 cities as the death toll surges. AFP reports that the virus has jumped to Europe Wuhan Hospital 
There's been a 2nd confirmed case of #coronavirus in the US in Chicago. @SenatorDurbin and  the Chicago hospital personnel for identifying this quickly. We  @chicagosmayor and others who monitor travelers and visitors from Wuhan, China.
#MostWatched Construction began on the night of January 23 for a new specialized hospital for #coronavirus patients in central China's #Wuhan City. The hospital is designed to have an area of 25,000 square meters with 1,000 beds and will be put into use by February 3 
Dear @realDonaldTrump, In light of the recent trade deal with China, I think it would be a great idea for you to visit that country. I have booked a room for you at the Shangri La Hotel in Wuhan. No need to wear protection, I hear you don’t like that anyway. Sincerely, CHT
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE CHINA -At least 26 dead, 845 confirmed cases -Transport ban: 13 cities, 41 million affected -Country to build hospital for virus within 10 days -Wuhan gets 2 billion yuan loan to fight virus -Beijing to close section of Great Wall, other tourist sites
Wuhan is a city of 11 million people, larger than New York City, and a transportation hub. Direct int flight out of the city (and of course from China). Coronavirus is passed like an ordinary cold virus. Here's a link to a real-time map of global cases:  
Man, who had recently returned to Pakistan (Multan) from China, via Dubai, has been admitted to Nishter Hospital, with suspicion that he may have contracted the Wuhan/Coronavirus. ARY reporting. Can we panic now?  …
UK virus researchers estimate 250,000 people in Wuhan will have coronavirus in 13 days  
When the Chinese president will sneeze at the next international meeting ... #coronarovirus #Chine #Wuhan 
Hundreds in Shanghai lined up to buy protective face masks for the deadly coronavirus that originated from Wuhan. Local media has reported that some hospitals are low on supplies and testing kits.  
#coronavirus confirmed in Chicago! Chinese woman from Wuhan flew there on Jan 13. Yep, exactly during the timeframe when China tried to cover it up and censored their citizens from spreading "rumors" online. THANKS AGAIN CHINA!!!! Full vid:  
Wuhan is the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China. Population: 11 Million (currently on lockdown) Right now, confirmed deaths from #coronarovirus (according to China): 26 Infected: 
QUARANTINED: Video appears to show nearly deserted streets in Wuhan, China, after the city of approximately 11 million was locked down since being identified as the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
FOR YOUR SAFETY- IF YOU HAVE COPPED CLOTS, DO NOT PICK THEM UP! I REPEAT, DO NOT PICK THEM UP! GO ON THE TRACKING AND FORWARD THEM TO MY ADDRESS. I HAVE THE PROPER EQUIPMENT TO DECONTAMINATE THEM FROM THE WUHAN VIRUS. THEY WILL BE RETURNED TO YOU FOLLOWING DECONTAMINATION 
France reports Europe's first cases — 2 — of #nCoV2019. This from the AP story gives me pause: "One of people sickened, a 48-year-old man, passed through Wuhan..." I hope that's more a writerly florish than the suggestion he barely spent time there.  …
France has declared its first two confirmed cases of the Wuhan coronavirus  
WATCH: What you need to know about the Wuhan coronavirus, in under 3 mins:  …
Wuhan Ultra Biohazard Lab Was Studying "The World's Most Dangerous Pathogens" 
Update: CDC  travelers avoid all nonessential travel to #Hubei Province, #China, including #Wuhan.  
JUST IN: Europe recorded 2 cases of the Wuhan #coronavirus today as France confirmed cases in Bordeaux and near Paris. Read more:  
#China During the CCTV News Report on 23 Jan 2020, Xi Jinping gave a cheering speech for CNY, he talked about: "Construction of the moderately prosperous society" "Chinese Dream" "The great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" ZERO mention of #WuhanPneumonia or #Wuhan. NOTHING. 
PANIC IN CHINA: The Chinese city of Wuhan is rushing to build a new hospital in just six days to treat patients of the deadly #coronavirus #China #wuhanvirus #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning 
The streets in Wuhan were eerily empty, except near hospitals. The city has been largely shut down: Departures are barred, and subways, buses and ferries within Wuhan are suspended. Many residents lined up at hospitals to check or stayed indoors. 
Today, the Senate HELP and Foreign Relations Committees held an all-senator briefing with top administration health officials regarding the novel coronavirus outbreak that was first detected in Wuhan, China.  
UNVERIFIED - 90,000 DEAD IN #WUHAN Calling herself “Jingui” & claiming to work in one of the hospitals in Wuhan, says the number of people that have died due to the #coronavirus is 90,000 If true then we should really be worried because this affects all of us Via: 
[Donation] 2020.01.24 In response to recent #Coronavirus outbreak in China, Baidu Jungkook Bar organized a 1-Day Emergency Fundraiser and collected 52,000 rmb (~7,500usd) for emergency relief in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. #WuhanCoronavirus #FightingWuhan 
Chemical warfare trucks spotted rushing towards coronavirus-infected Wuhan What do you think they might actually be spraying ? #chemicalwarfare #vaccines #coronavirus #wuhan  …
Those Wuhan’s people who gets infected with this disease literally said that even if they die, they want everyone to die together. They even pull doctor’s face mask & spit on them just so that the doctors would get infected too. Hope us Malaysian will be safe  …
Such a hero! In this difficult time, I want to be the voice of Wuhan people. I won’t fear Chinese police. I will speak the truth. We need more people like him in China. I hope someone like him can report the Chinese concentration camps as well. 
[The medical team collapsed] [Wuhan Medical Care is asking for help! #coronavirus More than 10,000 medical staff at the main hospitals in Wuhan have been overwhelmed in the past few days and have not seen their loved ones, along with a shortage of supplies at the hospital. 
Freshly from my colleague in #Wuhan: medical workers from Shanghai arriving at Wuhan Tianhe intl airport with medical supplies, at 1am Jan 25 local time, New Year's Day. #wuhanvirus #coronoavirus 
UK Research about #WuhanPneumonia: - R0 ~3.6-4.0 - Only 5% of patients identified in Wuhan - Further outbreaks in other Chinese cities is expected - In 14 days, predicts >250,000 people will be infected in Wuhan - City lockdown unlikely to be effective  …  
The second US case of #coronarovirus has been confirmed in Chicago. A 60 year old woman who was traveling in Wuhan in December and arrived back Jan 13 has the virus. There is a delay before symptoms appear, meaning more could be infected already. Its spreading. Be careful  …
We respond to around 10,000 disease outbreaks and health emergencies every year both at home and abroad. This includes emerging threats such as the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China. Find out more here: 
The Chinese government has blocked internet traffic to prevent and hide the dimensions of the spread, this video was sent using VPN #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanVirus #Pneumonia #CoronaVirus #Wuhan #WuhanSARS #WuhanPneumonia #China 
#coronoavirus Now the doctors for military all over China  for Wuhan. Pictures were taken before they leave. Cannot stop crying when seeing the daughter grabbing her moms clothes with tears. Hope u all safe. 
People recycle used masks in Wuhan trying to sell it again. Fucking scum #WuhanCoronovirus 
Looks to me like this coronavirus is VERY serious. They're building a new hospital in Wuhan with 1,000 beds to put patients infected with the virus. (ABC) 
What’s the probability of more scary Wuhan virus headlines over the weekend? 100%?
A total of 450 professional #PLA medical staff from Shanghai, Chongqing, and Xi'an arrived at #Wuhan at 23:44 on Friday to deal with the #pneumonia caused by the novel 
So, I guess our romantic getaway to Wuhan is off: CDC confirms second US case of coronavirus via WSJ
#coronoavirus I was not about to tweet this tonight but find the VPN I am using on my PC was blocked ,I don’t feel right right now. This is what really happening in Wuhan, both patients and doctors are mental breakdown. #wuhanvirus 
The streets of the Chinese city of Wuhan are deserted amid the coronavirus outbreak.  
450 military medical personnel from #China's Army, Navy & Air Force medical universities are heading to #Wuhan to help with the #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak, video shows them loading up into the 
Impeachment news is dominating Washington this week, but @bianca_nobilo is tracking today's other headlines: - China seeking to contain the Wuhan coronavirus - Iraq protests calling for US troops to leave the country - Locusts in East Africa Read more:  
Incredible footage of #China rushing to build a new, 1,000 bed hospital in #Wuhan to  in ONE WEEK in an effort to contain the #virus outbreak.  … #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #ChinaVirus
Partners in Wuhan & from around the world in ⁦the @ISARIC1⁩ Network been working together since early January to design, adapt for Wuhan & collect harmonised clinical data on n-CoV2019 - leading to first clinical description @Lancet  …
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center Is this a coincidence??? #ChineseNewYear2020  …
As the coronavirus continues to spread, China says it will build a new, makeshift hospital within six days. The facility will serve as a quarantine center on the outskirts of Wuhan, the city where the new virus originated. 
Chinese government censoring Wuhan virus outbreak posts on social media  via @YouTube @JackPosobiec #OANN
At 22:00 on Lunar New Year's Eve, an Air Force aircraft took off from Xi'an and flew 143 medical staff of the Air Force Military Medical University to #Wuhan to support the local prevention and control of #pneumonia epidemic of new #coronavirus 
I think its fair to say things got a little worse since yesterday. "Coronavirus 'will infect 350,000 people in Wuhan ALONE': Scientists dramatically increase estimate as China locks down FOURTEEN cities and races to build 1,000-bed hospital.  …
China is Building a Hospital in 6 Days to Fight Wuhan's Coronavirus 
A professional team of 150 #PLA medical staff from the Second Military Medical University are flying to #Wuhan by Air Force plane to prevent and control the spread of #pneumonia caused by the new 
Learn about the #WuhanCoronavirus,the pneumonia-like virus-also known as 2019-nCoV was first discovered in the central Chinese city of Wuhan on December 31. With now two cases discovered Tues. and today, one in Washington state, the other in Illinois.  …  
We have released an update on Wuhan novel #coronavirus. There are no confirmed cases of the virus in Scotland, and the risk to the public remains low. Read our latest update  … View Health Protection Scotland's latest advice  
Sounds like the Apocalypse? Disinfection in Wuhan. #coronovirus  …
#coronoavirus is spreading fast overwhelming medical staff with sheer numbers. Imagine 300000 infected all needing medical attention Must be so stressful. Thoughts with heath workers in Wuhan  …
Once again I am in awe of the work of my Johns Hopkins colleagues: the Center for Systems Science and Engineering built a near-realtime map to track the spread of the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
In Wuhan city, 35 diggers and 10 bulldozers are working in a faster pace, to set up a 1000-bed hospital to treat victims of coronavirus  
At least 26 people have died as a result of the #CoronaVirus: • More than 800 people have been diagnosed • Hospitals in Wuhan are overwhelmed with patients • The disease has reached Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the United States
The scientist who helped China fight SARS in 2003 has been tapped to lead a national research team of 14 experts in the fight against Wuhan coronavirus 
Trump Administration brief on the #Wuhan virus: - Airborne virus. - Can remain on objects. - Two week incubation period. - CDC confirms third individual in the US has the virus.
wuhan this wuhan that but whowant u?
Extraordinary footage shows the project underway in the outbreak city of Wuhan
China vetoes Taiwan to participate in an emergency WHO meeting about the new coronavirus, which has killed at least 25 people since originating in the Chinese city of Wuhan last month. Taiwan has reported one case.  …
The news says the wuhan virus is not serious but but everyone I see or talk to with family in Wuhan says it is really scary and the hospitals are past capacity. Medical staff have not slept and are out of supplies. Not much a tweet can do but I hope that some awareness can help.
Frontline medics in #Wuhan suffer from shortage of basic medical protection gear. They have to DIY face protection from file folders. Where the fuck is the gov supply during #WuhanCoronovirus outbreak and city lock down？！ #WuhanCoronovirus 
Here's what you need to know about the Wuhan virus and coronaviruses like MERS and SARS - from what they are, to how you can treat them.  
A #Chinese medical expert who assured the public that the “Wuhan pneumonia is controllable” has been diagnosed with the #Coronavirus after visiting #Wuhan City as one of the chief medical consultants for this new viral pneumonia.  …
the Wuhan flu fanbase is dying
Striking juxtaposition today on front page of Wuhan's main newspaper. The banner headline is a line from Xi Jinping's Lunar New Year speech, talking of "a great historic time for Chinese civilization". The picture just below it needs no explanation. 
A 2nd case of coronavirus has been found in the U.S., the CDC said on Friday. This is we know: —The woman had traveled to Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter, and returned to Chicago —Officials don't believe others on her flight are at risk 
“Don't  We must treat it extremely seriously.” Virus expert Yuen Kwok-Yung on Wuhan pneumonia outbreak  
Err....... This document shows that the virus is a pathogen with bats that has gradually evolved into today's Wuhan pneumonia, that is, a close relative of SARS in 2003, but the point is that artificial modification is absolutely made in china and definitely a human disaster! 
CDC confirms the second case of Coronavirus in the U.S. The woman, in her 60s, traveled to Wuhan, China earlier this month. She's currently being isolated at a Chicago hospital.  
Coronavirus 'will infect 350,000 people in Wuhan alone' Scientists make alarming new prediction as China locks down FOURTEEN cities and races to build 1,000-bed hospital in just FIVE DAYS WE ARE NOT GETTING THE TRUTH NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE TRUTH Wake the F^^K up America~ 
The Wuhan Government is constructing a specialised hospital to handle all the Corona Virus patients in 6 days....the Chinese are going to construct a whole hospital in 6days. This is a video of the trucks supplying material 
Airport screen staff waiting for wuhan flights to land 
#Wuhan #coronovirus #WuhanCoronavirus She is a doctor in Wuhan... If she quit. The local government will revoke her doctor's qualification and ban doctors from publishing the true situation of the hospital 
BREAKING: FOMC SAYS WILL ADDRESS WUHAN CORONAVIRUS BY CUTTING INTEREST RATES TO ZERO AND USING COMMUNICATION AND ASSET PURCHASES
Hundreds of doctors and nurses are leaving their families from #Shanghai #Guangdong #xian for #WuhanCoronavirus in the eve of #ChineseNewYear. A big salute to them! Stay strong #wuhan #China! @DrTedros @DrTedros @takeshi_kasai 
These are the symptoms of Wuhan coronavirus, and how you can protect yourself:  
In a wrap, HK’s high speed railway has carried 4 out of 5 Wuhan travellers confirmed with #nCoV2019 to Hong Kong, including the first confirmed case.
Does anyone else think that two military tanks going down the road in Wuhan is odd?? 
A #Wuhan first line medical personnel reporting the situation of #WuhanPneumonia: 1. the totally dead case numbers is 90,000, not only 26. 2. if one influence, can be spreading 14 ppl. 3.the virus already second generation mutation, will hv explosiveness dead cases 
I'm amazed every single person who went to wuhan wasn't checked in on and quarantined . Symptoms take 2 weeks to show. Why is America letting these people travel around. Ridiculous
 breaks my heart while you guys want to make memes and joke about another disease outbreak these medics in wuhan China have reached their breaking point please they need help this is awful to see #coronoavirus #Wuhan  …
China has stepped up measures to contain a virus that has killed 25 people and infected more than 800, amid reports that some hospitals in Wuhan, where the outbreak began, are facing severe medical shortages. More here  
If we could all agree not to eat this, things like the #Coronavirus in #China wouldn't happen. Just sayin' #bats #virus #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus 
#BREAKING: @CDCgov confirms the second case of Wuhan #coronavirus already in the United States in Chicago. Will have more from 
BREAKING: WHITE HOUSE SAYS THAT ANY CITIZEN CAUGHT SELLING STOCKS AHEAD OF THE WEEKEND WILL HAVE THEIR CITIZENSHIP REVOKED AND BE SENT TO WUHAN CHINA
JUST IN: The CDC has confirmed the second infection in a U.S. resident of the coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, China. She was admitted to an unnamed Chicago-area hospital a few days after returning to the U.S. from Wuhan.
#WuhanOutbreak — #China built this National BSL-4 #Virus Lab in Wuhan to study level 4 disease like SARS & #Ebola virus. As early as 2017, #US scientists already #WARNED China that these virus could “escape” & spread! #coronavirus #ChinaPneumonia  
HELP!!! #Medics in #Wuhan are overworked and losing the plot. I can’t imagine if this catastrophe ends up spreading across the world. 
UPDATE: Nepal  the first country in South Asia with confirmed Wuhan #coronavirus (2019-ncoV) case. Meanwhile, Suadi Arabia clarified that their case is MERS-CoV, not the 2019-ncoV. Read more:  
This is concerning — this person flew from Wuhan to the United States on the 13th and wasn’t showing signs of illness. That’s a long incubation period.  …
First clinical data from initial cases of #Wuhan #coronarovirus now online at @TheLancet  Initial 41 patients  … A familial cluster  … Editorial  of #nCoV2019 vs SARS & MERS  
#CoronavirusOutbreak as of 1330 GMT: - 897 confirmed in China - 26 dead - 15 confirmed cases reported in six overseas countries Work continues at Huoshenshan Hospital, a specialized facility to treat coronavirus patients in #Wuhan. Building is expected to be done in six days 
 coronavirus to Thailand edok #Wuhan #coronavirus 
A Chicago woman in her 60s is confirmed to have the second identified US case of the Wuhan coronavirus, the CDC says  
JUST IN: A second case of Wuhan coronavirus in the United States has been identified in Chicago, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a press briefing. 
MORE: The patient, a woman in her 60s and a Chicago resident, had traveled to Wuhan, China, in December. She was admitted to the hospital and is in stable condition, according to Illinois health officials.  …
If the UK chooses Huawei 5G will they allow users to post about the Wuhan virus?
At least 22 cases of Wuhan coronavirus have now been confirmed outside of mainland China: • Thailand: 5 • Singapore: 3 • Taiwan: 3 • Hong Kong: 2 • Macao: 2 • Japan: 2 • Vietnam: 2 • South Korea: 2 • United States: 1 
A woman eats a whole bat in disturbing footage which has recently surfaced on the internet, as scientists link the deadly #coronavirus to the flying mammals. Bat soup is a popular dish in #Wuhan, #China, where the virus 
Another video showing medics from  burn out & melt down. really sad and angry to see this happening they need much more support than now. where the fuck is the government support after #wuhanquarantine ?! #coronoavirus #WuhanPneumonia  …
A Chicago woman returned Jan. 13 from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. She began experiencing symptoms a few days after arriving home, said the city's health officials.  …
Of all the aspects of the rapidly spreading Wuhan virus, this is perhaps the most alarming: A single patient has infected 14 health care workers. That's what's called a "super spreader" -- and identifying them is a key element of fighting the virus. 
China will build this state of the art medical facility to cater for patients who have contracted the Wuhan virus within 6 days and fully equip it within 3 days, meaning this will be functional by February 3. These Asians are a different breed  …
A Chinese army (PLA) medical team has departed from Shanghai going to Wuhan to help deal with the outbreak of the Coronavirus #China #Wuhan 
U.S. health officials said they diagnosed a second patient with #China #coronavirus after a Chicago woman returned from Wuhan with the infection. @CDCgov says it is currently monitoring 63 other potential  …
Chicago has the 2nd confirmed case of Coronavirus in the US The patient is a woman in her 60s She had traveled to Wuhan in late December, flew back to Chicago January 13  …
This video shows two key things about #nCoV2019 lockdown of #Wuhan : - no vehicles are leaving the city (empty right lanes) - huge congestion inbound, bringing supplies & food to the city. China is the only nation on earth that can mobilize on this scale.  …
Wuhan students when Taal erupted. I hope the same spirit  prevails among some who articulate dangerous thoughts about “the mainland Chinese” amidst this flu outbreak. 
PLA medical team from Second Military Medicine University (第二军医大学）departing Shanghai for Wuhan tonight. 
China Army’s medical teams are ferried to Wuhan from multiple locations to help in local hospitals. Few hours ago 
#BREAKING: confirmed case of Coronavirus in Chicago Illinois Dept of Health says it’s travel related Invididual had traveled to Wuhan  …
At least 22 cases of Wuhan coronavirus have now been confirmed outside of mainland China: • Thailand: 5 • Singapore: 3 • Taiwan: 3 • Hong Kong: 2 • Macao: 2 • Japan: 2 • Vietnam: 2 • South Korea: 2 • United States: 1 
Video: Scenes from Wuhan, the Chinese city at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak 
Wuhan, China is building a hospital in just 6 days to treat coronavirus patients. It will have 1,000 beds. (Via: 
China is building a 1,000-bed coronavirus hospital in Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of the outbreak affecting hundreds of people in multiple countries.  …
A mentally collapsed doctor from Wuhan crying in her family group of wechat that each doctor interviewed more than 100 patients today and They have thousands of doctors there. So they estimated there were about 100 thousands suspected cases already. 
Today, we publish the first clinical data from individuals confirmed to be infected with 2019-nCov from Wuhan, China. As for all public health emergencies, we will be making all related #Coronavirus Lancet content fully and freely available  
China is building a massive hospital in Wuhan in just one week 
LIVE: Shanghai Rescue Team to Head to Wuhan  …
With Wuhan  for us all, my current career as a doctor is finally cooler than my previous one as a Naval Aviator. 
Bringing this legend back to fight the Wuhan away. 
China has deployed biochemical troops to Wuhan 
New Study: “We estimate that only 5.1% (95%CI, 4.8-5.5) of infections in Wuhan are identified, and by 21 January a total of 11,341 people (prediction interval, 9,217-14,245) had been infected in Wuhan since the start of the year.” — Imputes an R_0 of 3.8  …
CORONAVIRUS: State Department warns Americans not to enter China's Hubei province due to the coronavirus, as U.S. pulls most of its diplomats and their families from the consulate general in Wuhan. 
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  …
Cfans donating under Kun, Xiaojun and Hendery's name for the coronavirus prevention funds Wuhan fighting!
Among the sites closed in China due to the Wuhan coronavirus: • The Forbidden City • A section of the Great Wall of China • Shanghai Disney Resort • McDonald's restaurants in five cities • The Bird's Nest stadium • National Museum of China 
If I read this right, the internet traffic from #Wuhan is down 15-20%. As people can't stay out or travel one would expect the internet connectivity to go up and not down?  are disrupted or 1,5-2 Million people gradually dropped offline? 
Scary reality. And a few days ago authorities still thought lies can cover the truth. Coronavirus leaves Wuhan a ‘zombieland’ with people collapsing in streets and medics patrolling in hazmat suits  …
Hospitals in #China over “overwhelmed” due to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, and a 1000-bed mobile hospital reportedly will be built in #Wuhan (the epicenter) within 10 days(!). Unfortunately, this outbreak will get worse (likely MUCH worse) before it gets better.  …
Hi~ I’ve heard that some of you are worried about coronavirus in Thailand. As far as I know, 5 infected ppl were found and most of them are Chinese tourists traveling from Wuhan. However, from a news, Ministry of Public Health of Thailand has elevated measures to monitor and pre
prayer circle thread: for the wuhan virus to go away as fast as possible and ever1 stayinh safe DO YOUR MAGIC
China has shut down the Great Wall as the Wuhan Virus Outbreak spreads  …
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center!  …
The people of #Wuhan are literally dropping like flies all over the city. Like something out of a horror movie. CHINA IS NOW A ZOMBIELAND. #coronavirus #ChinaVirus #China #wuhanvirus #WuhanOutbreak 
Folks, China has now locked down 14 cities because of the Wuhan virus. That's 40 million people. We might have a problem.  …
LOOK: China has started construction on a special hospital in Wuhan to be used to treat coronavirus-infected patients. The hospital is designed to have 1,000 beds and they say it will be open by Feb. 3. 
China spent the crucial first days of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak arresting people who posted about it online and threatening journalists  … via @businessinsider
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
Wuhan Coronavirus: China in LOCKDOWN China cancels its New Year celebrations, closes FOURTEEN cities, part of the Great Wall, Disneyland Shanghai - and even McDonald's shuts up shop - as the army is deployed in desperate bid to contain killer coronavirus  …
Googled bout the #Wuhan #Coronavirus just to find out the world had a new plague starting around the same date for the last few 
A top virologist who was involved in the response to SARS says he has visited Wuhan, China and believes that the coronavirus is “out of control.”  …
Worshippers wearing #mask as a precautionary measure to the #coronavirus as they queue outside the Wong Tai Sin Temple to offer the first incense of the year rat. #LunarNewYear #YearoftheRat #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus 
Wuhan is now being described as a real-life 'zombieland' after Coronavirus outbreak.
Wuhan coronavirus lockdown: 'We've got enough food to last 10 days' 
Drone footage shows dozens of diggers working to build a new hospital in Wuhan to limit the spread of coronavirus. Authorities hope the structure will be built by February 3  
Disney is closing down its mega theme park in China over the Lunar New Year holiday as fears grow over the deadly Wuhan virus. 
The streets of the Chinese city of Wuhan are deserted, amid the coronavirus outbreak.  
LOOK: China has started construction on a special hospital in Wuhan to be used to treat coronavirus-infected patients. The hospital is designed to have 1,000 beds and they say it will be open by Feb. 3 
wuhan or birdbox disease 
video from a hospital in #Wuhan showing a patient psychologically melting down. the desperate patient lay on the floor with a lot money scattering around. the whole situation of #WuhanPneumonia outbreak is chaotic and its getting worse after 
Video from inside a hospital in Wuhan. Chaos. #China #Wuhan 
China is building a new 1,000-bed hospital in less than 6 days to treat victims of the new deadly coronavirus. Construction has started in the central city of Wuhan. 
The specialized hospital set up for patients with the new #coronavirus has been named “Huoshenshan Hospital", according to Wuhan authorities. The new hospital is expected to contain 1,000 beds 
A hospital in Wuhan. So many people packed into a confined space is not great when there’s a virus outbreak. 
BREAKING — #Xray of #WuhanCoronavirus patient leaked to @appledaily_hk from radiology department, Wuhan Union Hospital. Expert said the diagnostic image show “white” lungs, resembling that from #SARS or #MERS. #Coronavirus #ChinaPneumonia Source:  
Thread on internet connectivity in #Wuhan, #China: Network data from the last ten days show a gradual fall beginning 17 January 2020. The decline is consistent with population exodus as residents either flee the city closing up shop due to #coronavirus or for #LunarNewYear 
Dozens of people are dead in China and more than 800 infected as the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread throughout Asia and across the world. At least 10 cities in China's central Hubei province face travel restrictions. @David_Culver has the latest:  
Coronavirus updates: - More than 800 people have been diagnosed and at least 26 are dead - Hospitals in Wuhan are overwhelmed with patients - The disease has reached Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the United States 
McDonalds is shutting down restaurants in five cities in China amidst the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak 
Flora, an American(?) living in Wuhan, has gone viral (no pun intended) among China expat circles this week following an epic freakout over Thursday’s citywide lockdown. #2019nCoV Explainer here:  
A section of the Great Wall of China, Shanghai Disneyland, and the Olympic Bird's Nest stadium are among major attractions shutting down due to the spread of Wuhan coronavirus  
Hong Kong is facing a serious shortage of face masks as fears over the Wuhan coronavirus spark demand. 
Wuhan, China, is panic-building a hospital to treat coronavirus patients as they overwhelm health systems. The city wants to finish it in 6 days.  …
The scientist who helped China fight SARS in 2003 has been tapped to lead a national research team of 14 experts in the fight against Wuhan coronavirus 
China is building a 1,000 bed hospital from scratch in #Wuhan in response to the #Coronavirus outbreak. Construction is expected to take just 10 
Almost 30 million people and 10 cities are now facing travel restrictions in the Chinese province of Hubei, where Wuhan coronavirus was first detected. 
NCT’s Chinese Fanbase, TaeilBar, JohnnyBar, TaeyongBar, YutaBar, DoyoungBar, JaehyunBar, JungwooBar, MarkLeeBar, RenjunBar, JenoBar, HaechanBar, JaeminBar, ChenleBar & JisungBar  together and donated these items to Wuhan  the 
Coming out of raccoon city with the #Wuhan #coronarovirus 
Breaking news: the ibans are immune to the wuhan virus  …
A new hospital dedicated to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak is being built on the outskirts of the Chinese city. It is due to  and in use by February 3. 
#ChinaPneumonia — Greed or Underresourced? In #Wuhan, people are seen *recycling & collecting* USED face masks.. God bless EVERYONE #WuhanPneumonia #coronarovirus #China #ChinaVirus 
Islam has perfect guideline in foods consumption. We only eat HALAL. There are reasons why you can't eat pork, snake and other exotic animals. Here is new threat in the world. It's also now entering Singapore. It could be in Paris soon. #coronovirus #ChinaVirus #Wuhan 
Construction began on the night of January 23 for a new specialized hospital for #coronavirus patients in central China's #Wuhan City. The hospital is designed to have an area of 25,000 square meters with 1,000 beds and will be put into use by February 3 
This report's key findings are alarming. The authors predict that by 4 February up to 250,000 people in Wuhan could be infected by the corona virus. The virus will also further spread to other transport hubs like Beijing and Shanghai. #WHO the time to act is  …
The Wuhan coronavirus is believed to have originated from a market that sold wild animal 
The Wuhan virus has turned up in Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Taiwan, Vietnam and the United States. Investigators in other countries, including Mexico and Saudi Arabia, are evaluating possible cases. Here's what we know. 
This is Wuhan right now, in armed lockdown. The situation is worse than we think.  …
Shanghai Disneyland is shutting down due to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. Disney has not said when the park will reopen. 
NEW BLOG: Wuhan novel coronavirus: what you need to know 
China rushes to build 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan  | 
Disinfecting itself off the Wuhan virus. 
In response to the outbreak of a new, rapidly spreading Coronavirus in Wuhan, the Chinese government are building a new 1000 bed hospital in just 6 days to deal with the disease. Read more here:  
Because the recent epidemic in Wuhan has affected people's hearts, lisa bar donated 10,000 disposable hoods, 10,000 disposable gloves, 100 disposable shoe covers, and 10 disposable protective clothing to Hankou Hospital of Wuhan City. ©3yearswithLisa #LISA #BLACKPINK 
Singapore confirmed 3 cases of Wuhan virus within 24 hours. Here's what we know about the #WuhanCoronavirus cases:  
The Chinese city of Wuhan is rapidly building a new 1,000-bed hospital to treat victims of a new coronavirus, mobilizing machinery to get it ready by early next week  
VIDEO: Chinese medics in protective overalls check worried patients' temperatures at a hospital in Wuhan. One patient fears he could be infected with the virus as he waits for his results 
Medical staff at the dedicated isolation ward of Wuhan's People's Hospital wish everyone a Happy New Year, saying: "We're here, don't worry [and celebrate Spring Festival]" - a hashtag that's now propagated online to ease the #coronavirus panic. 
Wearing protective uniforms, medical staff from the Dongxihu District People′s Hospital in Wuhan, #China send #LunarNewYear wishes to the public via video, reassuring the country that they will fight against the 
#coronavirus Hospitals in Wuhan, full. Currently designing a building a new one in 6 days. I live in Wuhan and everything is in an apocalyptic situation. Markets empty. I have food for 5 days. And no one can go out or inside the city. Lovely. 
Reports that the Chinese Army (PLA) has been deployed in Wuhan to assist with the lockdown of the city #China #Wuhan 
BE CAREFUL Wuhan Corona Virus Mutate easily from animals to humans. human to humans A New Respiratory Virus has emerged. This new disease is based on 3 factors 1/ Mortality rate 2/ Incubation period 3/ How Contagious it Creating New Threats in China & Asia 
#Coronavirus Drone footage of the the new hospital construction site in #Wuhan, #China for confirmed cases of #coronavirus. It'll take only 6 days to build. Yes, unbelievable, but they did the same during the SARS 
The blanket over one of the bodies and a plastic bag both read "Wuhan". So this video was taken in one of the city's hospitals. 
Wuhan feels much like a ghost town, except for the hospitals. Shops are shut. Restaurants are closed. But the mighty Chinese courier keeps working. At this depot they told me that they were accepting and delivering only medical supplies — nothing else — to keep the city safe. 
Video today from inside a hospital in Wuhan #China #Wuhan #Coronavirus  …
-The lockdown in #Wuhan #China left millions trapped in the city where the #coronovirus originated, likening it to living in a horror movie -Local public transport has been shut down and people are being told to stay inside 
Outside the No. 4 Hospital in Wuhan a couple  paper for a family member who died several years ago — not in the current epidemic. They said it was a sad time for the city, and wanted to remember their loved one on the eve of Lunar New Year. 
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
Live Updates: Hospitals and medical workers at the center of the Wuhan outbreak made urgent appeals for supplies, as stocks of surgical masks and other equipment quickly flew off shelves 
A weibo video posted by a person claiming to be a nurse in #Wuhan Red Cross Hospital. She said medical workers and patients were stuck with three deceased in a packed hospital corridor. No one is here to take care of the bodies. 
BLACKPINK's C-fanbases donated to the Red Cross and hospital in Wuhan BLACKPINK_4EVER: 200 protective glasses 200 masks JENNIE BAR: 3000¥ JISOO BAR: 5000¥ ROSÉ BAR: 1000 disposable masks LISA BAR: 10K hats, 10K gloves, 100 shoe covers, 10 protective suits @ygofficialblink
Wuhan will follow Beijing's SARS treatment model to build a special hospital planned to  1,000 beds. It will be put into use by Feb. 3  
#WuhanPneumonia — unverified video in #Wuhan train station #CCPChina LOCKING DOWN at least 7 cites by far, as #coronavirus death toll climbs to 26. Soldiers with #rifles — This is how #China encircling 22 MILLIONS! 
The CDC has raised its travel advisory for Wuhan, China, to the highest level. The "Warning - Level 3" status urges travelers to avoid all nonessential travel to Wuhan. Travelers should "remain alert if traveling to other parts of China." 
Protective gowns reach the No. 4 Hospital in Wuhan. But the medical workers told me they are still seriously short of the gowns and masks that will keep them safe. One told me that they have been buying their own masks. and using them too long to be safe. 
China rushing to build a new hospital in a staggering 10 days to treat patients at the epicentre of a deadly virus outbreak  The existing Wuhan Medical Treatment Center 
Dozens of Indian students TRAPPED in #Wuhan as #China scrambles to stop spread of deadly #coronavirus STORY:  VIDEO: #China's airports to set up quarantine 
“WE WANT TO GO HOME!” The people in #Wuhan cry and beg the #Chinese authorities to let them go. There is a large population that live in the countryside that have migrated to the city for work, but now wish to leave but the city has been sealed. #WuFlu 
Likely a video from #Wuhan railway station. Someone please helps me to verify. China’s army is locking down the city with assault weapons due to #WuhanPneumonia outbreak. Is it necessary？People just want to survive. No individual life is respected when its odd with CCP 
Some Wuhan residents have told me that food is hard  or expensive by because markets and shops are closed. At least the Walmart I dropped into has fresh fruit and vegetables on the shelves. What are other people with friends or family in Wuhan hearing? 
My journalists friends on twitter, if u are looking for people from Wuhan to interview regarding to the lockdwon of #Wuhan and the outbreak of #WuhanPneumonia. I can help to connect. But b careful to protect ur source, already found twitter users threatened by China 
Shanghai Disney has announced its temporary closure due to concerns over the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
SINGAPORE: Two more people have tested positive for the Wuhan virus in Singapore, bringing the total number of cases to three, the Ministry of...  …
The scale of China’s fight against the coronavirus could be staggering. Shanghai health authorities want anyone who was in Wuhan during past 14 days, fever or not, to go to designated hospitals for checks. The day before the quarantine alone: 299,600 people left Wuhan by train.
Inside China’s sealed-off city of Wuhan: hospitals look overwhelmed, while streets and markets are empty 
135 Chinese tourists from Wuhan who arrived in the Philippines yesterday are being sent home h/t  …
While India can help China, it should be super careful about taking in any infected ppl here. We just can't afford it. Hope @PMOIndia & @MoHFW_INDIA take some serious steps. Harsh ones if needed. We have to stop this Wuhan  to India. Screen everyone from North Asia.
A day after the first case of Wuhan coronavirus was confirmed in the US, a middle school has canceled an on-campus cultural exchange program with a group of Chinese exchange students visiting the DC metro area, citing health concerns 
Philippines is repatriating all Chinese tourists who arrived from Wuhan before the city's put under lockdown.  …
One feature of Chinese medicine is a heavy reliance on the drip for patients. Outside the Red Cross Hospital in Wuhan this elderly man was setting up his drip outside on the street. It was too crowded inside the hospital, he explained. 
Made a quick gif of the spread of confirmed #wuhan #coronavirus in China from January 15 thru January 24. #2019nCoV 
#WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanPneumonia Due to Chinese gov’e censorship on Wuhan Coronovirus, patients might already spread all over China and, possibly the world. Not sure if this video is from Shanghai, but people probably have not realized how devastating this virus is  
flights from Wuhan to SG are cancelled till the 28th of March 2020. But the scary thing is that we still arent safe because there are people from different states of PRC who could be diagnosed with the virus that flies here to SG. Nurses and AirCrew/Airport staff are more prone  …
Maps: The Wuhan coronavirus has sickened more than 800 people in Asia and at least one person in the United States. We’ve tracked where it has spread so far. 
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center  …
I said the Hankou Hospital in Wuhan seemed less crowded on Friday. But the Red Cross Hospital is packed. People anxiously lined up. Medical workers rushing in and out to receive people from ambulances. 
HK Cable TV News reporters made it into Wuhan after the city's lockdown and have sent stories back. A doctor (right) told them he was just out for a break and "we still have a life", and a shopper said masks didn't matter to him becos "If you are destined to get it, you will". 
well for a start the wuhan virus has arrived  …
Authorities in China are reportedly planning to build a dedicated pneumonia hospital in Wuhan to help treat the hundreds of people affected by the deadly coronavirus -- in just six days 
Multiple stores in Hong Kong have reportedly run out of face masks, as people bulk-buy them amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak 
Good news everyone, the Wuhan virus thankfully mutated and is now only deadly to high end retail.  …
Game (Plague) of the year. #ChinesePneumonia #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan 
Families outside Hankou Hospital in Wuhan were in no mood for Lunar New Year festivities on Friday. There’s no holiday spirit this year, most said. Just the anxiety of waiting to hear about loved ones. Follow our live briefing here:  
Video from the construction site in #Wuhan this morning shows earth movers, crushers & dump trucks all on site working in full swing, local reports suggest the team will work 24×7 to ensure the hospital is ready with medical equipment latest by 03 FEB 2020 #China  
So far, 830 cases of the Wuhan coronavirus have been confirmed in mainland China, including 26 deaths. Live updates:  
Wuhan #coronavirus quarantine facility under construction Day  …
Authorities in China are reportedly planning to build a dedicated pneumonia hospital in Wuhan to help treat the hundreds of people affected by the deadly coronavirus -- in just six days 
Persida and Erfe going to Wuhan to look for links between coronavirus and Dengvaxia
So far, 830 cases of the Wuhan coronavirus have been confirmed in mainland China, including 26 deaths. Live updates:  
At Hankou Hospital in Wuhan a patient is wheeled by. Family members must cope with the gnawing uncertainty of knowing whether loved ones have the new coronavirus or something less menacing. 
Medical workers in Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, are balancing dealing with the overload of patients and suspected patients while also keeping themselves safe. 
Wuhan is home to China's most dangerous bioweapons research lab. It is the first ever BS-4 lab allowed on the mainland. BS-4 is the highest level of biocontainment. No mainland lab had ever studied a pathogen higher than BS-3 until 2015. They are VERY new at this.  …
Coronavirus patented 2015 Wuhan builds intense bio lab 2017 Novavax has in-the-works vaccine  share price goes up 60% today, was planning Jan 2020 trials This is false flag event. UN depop (virus deaths, then vaccines) Money maker (extortion by meds) Whoa
#US embassy in #Beijing raises advisory level to 4: do not travel to #Hubei province – amid growing concerns for the spread of the #coronavirus. #Wuhan (pop. 11 million) is under lockdown. Latest tally: 835 confirmed cases, 25 deaths. 
A Han Chinese: You said Uyghurs deserve concentration camps, now Wuhan is a concentration camp. You said Hongkongers wear the mask, so they are terrorists. Now you are fighting to get a . Xi is the curse of the Chinese people. 
Hospitals in #Wuhan, the epicenter of #CoronavirusOutbreak, have asked for donations of necessary medical supplies including masks, medical gloves and protective 
China Wuhan; Presumably a doctor in tears asking desperately for reinforcements for the Wuhan hospital to help control the starting epidemic of flu because there’s too many patients to take in charge!  …
Downplaying of Wuhan story by People’s Daily and TV news seems like a serious propaganda mistake. Public is well aware of news by now, can feel discrepancy between happy New Year and Xi adultation pieces and reality.
Wuhan on Friday. The Hankou Hospital, which was packed last night, seems a little less crowded so far today. 
Keep calm under any situation. STAY AWAY from anyone with mild symptoms  cold/pneumonia. Hand sanitizer/wash hands & avoid touching face w/o washing.That is MORE effective than face masks-JHU scientist Eric Toner. Wuhan our prayers are with you #Wuhan #coronoavirus 
"In 2004, a SARS virus 'leaked' from a lab in Beijing. And when China set up a lab in Wuhan in 2017 to study some of the most dangerous pathogens, U.S. scientists warned of a similar leak from Wuhan."  … via @IndoPac_Info
C-binic are sweet. They are donating to Wuhan red cross association. Making a thread post. Start fund project etc. These campaigns are not even organized by any fan union. Like idol，like fans #HanbinIsWorthy #김한빈 
Sources told me they are now very worried that the government might cut off internet connection in #Wuhan, which would disconnect what's happening on the ground from the world,  the  effort to make sense of #WuhanCoronavirus.
This is a very interesting time to get an email from the bio dept about a study abroad in Wuhan
Sources in #Wuhan shared the message with me, which allegedly shows that all staff at hospitals are forbidden to discuss about the latest development of #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak with family, relatives and friends through email, phone calls, texts, WeChat, Weibo or 
#Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus Under Sanlian's news report, there are many  Many readers doubt the real number of infected is much larger than the government reported 
"Save my life, doctor. I have the fever, too." We searched for civilian  out of Wuhan, hoping to gain some insight into the situation at #2019nCoV ground zero. On @nytimes w/ @ckoettl @rarecanary @whitney_hurst @markscheffler @ChuBailiang  
Of all the aspects of the rapidly spreading Wuhan virus, this is perhaps the most alarming: A single patient has infected 14 health care workers. That's what's called a "super spreader" -- and identifying them is a key element of fighting the virus. 
xiaozhan fans have already donated over 1.1 million yuan to aid for wuhan 
A live look at an “Americans in Wuhan” group chat. Ts and Ps to Flora 
Construction of the special hospital with a capacity of 1,000 beds for patients with #nCoV2019 has begun in Wuhan, according to the model of the hospital built in seven days in Beijing to deal with #SARS in 2003. The construction is scheduled to  by February 
We hope for the safety of everyone following the globalized outbreak of Wuhan Coronavirus. Here's an interactive map to know the countries with confirmed and suspected cases!  … Be Safe MOAs! We also pray for TXT's health! @TXT_members 
Hospitals across Wuhan, China are only accepting people with insurance, & only certain special hospitals are accepting anyone who's infected with the coronavirus. The city is filled with mass chaos #coronovirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan 
Because the recent epidemic in Wuhan has affected people's hearts, lisa bar donated 10,000 disposable hoods, 10,000 disposable gloves, 100 disposable shoe covers, and 10 disposable protective clothing to Hankou Hospital of Wuhan City. Like idol like fans..beautiful heart 
Commentary: Wuhan virus sparks questions over local Chinese officials' disclosure of information  
This video is making the rounds on Chinese social media, reportedly tied to Wuhan 
5 family members ill after loosing brother/uncle to the #WuhanCoronavirus Sister says death NOT included in official death toll 2 family members turned away from Wuhan hospitals after being told there’s no space Read:  
China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city at the coronavirus outbreak's center 
Pretty crazy the #coronavirus started in the city with the highest level biosafety laboratory in China #Wuhan. Level 4, able to handle terrible pathogens. I hope folks are safe, healthy & get this under control soon.
The US State Department has issued a Level 4 - Do Not Travel Advisory for all of Hubei province (which includes Wuhan) 
Coronavirus: Chinese embassy in Paris finds Wuhan woman who 'cheated' checks 
can y’all stop using this wuhan coronovirus thing to be xenophobic n stupid???? “cb all these prc dogs go back la” ???? justified fear and worry but use ur brain  saying they purposely spread it????? u think they’re not scared n suffering????
We have donated a total of 20,000 yuan towards medical relief effort in Wuhan. 10,000 yuan to Wuhan Charity Federation 10,000 yuan to Hubei Red Cross God bless the people of Wuhan 
Faced with a severe novel #CoronavirusOutbreak, #Wuhan will build a dedicated hospital in Caidian District for receiving patients. Construction is underway and the hospital will be built within six days. 
Changchun Yatai announced the signing of Serginho from Kashima Antlers. The signing of the 24-year-old midfielder is a signal that Changchun Yatai aim to return to CSL. 2 years ago, Wuhan Zall signed Rafael Silva from Urawa Red Diamonds, and they won promotion to CSL soon. 
BREAKING: A patient at Hackensack University Medical Center in NJ is being evaluated for possible infection with the coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan, China. Read more:  
#CoronavirusOutbreak China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility that has  key in fighting the outbreak Hmmmm........  …
"With the Wuhan coronavirus spreading across the country, killing at least 25 people so far, China is now facing a major test of just how much it has changed since 2003," writes CNN's @jgriffiths | 
Been in China more times than imaginable. Putrid. Wuhan Live animal Markets full of pestilence and feces of vermin. When you see these open live animal markets not sure if your ina pet shop or a zoo. Snakes Rats Birds Chickens Pigs Crocs Dogs.ABSOLUTELY HORRID. Send Schiff over.
At least 25 people are dead in China and more than 800 infected as the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread throughout Asia and across the world. Follow live updates: 
Embassy of India,Beijing: Embassy of India has been receiving queries from Indians in Hubei province&their relatives in India in connection with #Coronavirus epidemic in China.The Embassy is in touch with relevant Chinese authorities in Beijing&Wuhan and Indians in Hubei Province 
Should we be worried about coronavirus in #Thailand? Yes and no. The chance of people getting the virus is low. Even though there are 4 confirmed cases, they all had direct connections with Wuhan. However, up until 22 January, most Chinese from Wuhan flew to Bangkok! 
Death Toll Climes, First Death Outside Wuhan Epicenter Is Reported - A patient died in the province of Hubei, 600 miles north of Wuhan. WTF?! WHO decides not to declare a global health emergency yet.  …
#CDC warning level raised for Wuhan. Now  people avoid all non-essential travel to #Wuhan, 
I don't think it came from the bats or food. There is a biolab in Wuhan that studies the world's most dangerous pathogens, including SARS. It was either accidentally or intentionally released  …
#BreakingNews - In #Wuhan，people are collapsing on streets due to the deadly #coronovirus . This Is getting 
Current PRC numbers for the Wuhan Coronavirus. - 835 confirmed cases - 25 deaths - 1,072 suspected cases Currently spreading much faster than SARS. #Coronavirus 
Please RT and share with people residing in Singapore. I am conducting a short 10min study on how Singaporeans think about the Wuhan virus. You will write short responses & do some surveys. Please email me with any questions at jin.goh@colby.edu Thanks!!  …
In light of the Wuhan virus panic, I would like to urge all tourists and visitors from China to... . . . . . . BALIK CHINA LA WOI. Also, Gong Xi Fa Cai. May the Year of the Rat bring you prosperity and longevity.
With Worst Economy in Decades, Will Wuhan's Deadly Coronavirus Be the Catalyst for China's Economic Collapse?  … via @gatewaypundit
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
The Chinese government conceals the illness, condition is very serious, Wuhan has blocked the area. The death toll may far exceed our imagination, as Chinese media absolutely do not report the true.
FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR OWN HEALTH, PLEASE REFRAIN FROM COPPING YEEZYS TOMORROW. YEEZYS ARE BEING MADE IN CHINA AND YOU HAVE THE RISK OF CONTRACTING WUHAN VIRUS WHICH HAS ALREADY KILLED 12 PEOPLE AND CURRENTLY HAS NO CURE. THOSE THAT COPPED CLOTS FROM HK 2 DAYS AGO ARE ALSO AT RISK
The death toll in China from the Wuhan coronavirus rises to 25 people, officials announce.  Follow live updates: 
Last year I asked you all to add a emoji to your Twitter name in support of the #HongKong protests after the government outlawed masks. This ban has since been reversed by the court but we now wear them for a different reason: the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak
The death toll in China from the Wuhan coronavirus rises to 25 people, officials announce. Follow live updates:  
Japan confirms second case of Wuhan virus: health ministry  
#NEW: Chinese officials have requested the temporary closing of all indoor activities with 100 or more people to stem the coronavirus outbreak - Reuters #Wuhan #China #Coronavirus
BREAKING: 25 people have died from the Wuhan coronavirus with 830 people infected, China’s National Health Commission says 24 of the deaths were in Hubei province, around 1059km away from Beijing, and 1 from Hebei, 267km away from Beijing | via 
The Wuhan Virus is just another demonstration as to how  lose their minds concerning all things China. So determined to make political gain from this.  …
NEW: University of Minnesota student Luo Daiqing just emailed me saying he has been released from Chinese prison and is staying in his hometown of Wuhan.  …
Sigh... racists are REALLY showing their asses in light of the horrible coronavirus outbreak. I'm deeply saddened by the people in Wuhan and elsewhere who are infected and dying. Hope that scientists/epidemiologists around the world can help put an end to this ASAP.
#Wuhan virus: - 830 confirmed cases in #China. - The death toll from the outbreak in China at 25. #coronavirus
Friday is the eve of the Lunar New Year celebrations 除夕 and it’s going to be a melancholy and worrisome time for many in China. In Wuhan I’ve run into several migrant workers from Henan who can’t leave. But what about those who have already left to home towns and villages? 
Important update on #nCoV2019 from WHO ◆Basic reproduction number R0 prelim estimate of 1.4-2.5 (no bueno) ◆Amplification occurred in one hospital ◆4th-gen cases in #Wuhan  … This nice chart always help to put things into perspective in times like 
UPD Pol Sci Prof Jan Robert Go ( @WuAnping), currently doing his PhD studies at Wuhan, tells the @BBCWorld about how the city is coping with the novel coronavirus  …
China's lab for studying SARS and Ebola is in Wuhan, the outbreak's center ⁦  …
#CoronaVirus - WATCH (compilation) people collapse as infection spreads throughout #Wuhan and surrounding cities. RT AND SHARE to spread message. (Previously posted videos, some deleted by twitter) #Wuhan #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanOutbreak #ChinaVirus 
Does anyone know how long the incubation period of the new #Wuhan virus is? The danger posed by a new disease is based on 3 factors Mortality rate Incubation period How contagious it I've read the mortality rate of Wuhan is similar to the Spanish flu (100 mln dead in 1918) 
Hospital staffs are getting stressed WHO declines to declare China Virus outbreak a global health emergency,but the virus is now spreading over the world Take good care of yourself #WuhanSARS #Wuhan #WuhanCoronovirus It must be more dangerous than SARS & WHO,Gov will not 
China canceled almost all domestic flights out of Wuhan but kept the remaining flights to Urumqi, East Turkestan open. Doesn’t make much sense in terms of protecting Han citizens when millions of Han also live in Urumqi, but nevertheless is indicative of something greater  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak An 80-year-old man, who had lived in Wuhan for two months, died in Cangzhou, north China's Hebei Province, on Thursday. This is the first death outside #Wuhan. The total deaths: 18 
UNCONFIRMED: Reports of influx of #Wuhan residents arriving in Shanghai early this morning/last night by car #China 
On the front page of China's most influential newspaper on Friday, no mention of the deadly viral outbreak in Wuhan. The Communist Party is instead showering attention on Xi Jinping and the achievements of the Communist Party. 
Chinese Lab That Studies “World’s Most Dangerous Pathogens” is Based in Wuhan  …
"Fifteen cases of the coronavirus have been officially reported among medical staff in the city, but doctors say the true number is far higher" -SCMP #Wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak @SCMPNews
 insane how the wuhan coronavirus hasn’t generated sympathy for the victims or people most at risk but instead spiralled into racist hysterical conspiracy theories about “dirty” chinese people who eat weird food or a victim-blaming mentality. 
A video posted on Weibo showing how crowded a hospital in #Wuhan is. Cross infection is a huge concern. 
Mandate of Heaven and Dynastic Cycles are a major existential threat to the CCP’s rule That is why the govt is censoring social media about the Wuhan virus so hard 
Hold up. If the Wuhan airport and other public transportation is shut down as of Jan 23 10am and nobody is allowed to leave, then WTF is this? 
President @realDonaldTrump - close down the flights from Wuhan Coronavirus infected areas right now, before it is to late! I believe drastic preventive measures must be taken. Better to be safe than sorry.  
Wuhan medical staff being infected at faster pace than reported: sources  …
.. continued from previous: Just FYI - the person suspected of the corona virus in Italy - tested negative. I DGAF, ALL flights from Wuhan to anywhere! Should be BANNED. The ppl that can't get back from there can stay there! The rest of the world doesn't need this BS.
The Wuhan coronavirus most likely uses the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor to gain entry into our cells. We can use genetically engineered yeast or E. coli to produce ACE2 as a potential treatment for the coronavirus by pushing the virus away from our cells.
At least 4 generations of spread of #nCoV2019 have been seen at #Wuhan, @WHO said Thursday. A new study from @gmleunghku & colleagues at @HKUniversity says the emerging data is suggestive of sustained human-to-human spread of the  …
A Texas A&M University student is being examined for a suspected case of the Wuhan coronavirus. Officials say they're keeping the patient isolated at home while they do additional testing. 
W T F ... are flights still being allowed from Wuhan, China. Aren't they meant to be in quarantine, so how exactly had Italy received people from there. You had ONE job!
A patient who traveled from Wuhan, China, to Brazos County, Texas, is being tested for coronavirus. Health officials announced that this could represent the 2nd case of the virus to be identified within the U.S.  by 
You didn't get World War 3 and you're not getting Wuhan apocalyptic plague. Please get a job.
Yikes! This is scary. China built a lab to study SARS & Ebola in #Wuhan - & US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the #coronavirus outbreak's center. via  
The Brazos County Health District in Texas is investigating a suspected case of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus. The patient traveled from Wuhan, China, where the coronavirus originated.  
BREAKING: Health ministry confirms second case of coronavirus in Japan: a man in his 40s visiting Japan from Wuhan. 
A @TAMU student suspected of contracting the deadly coronavirus has been quarantined in Brazos County. The student recently traveled from Wuhan, China, where the virus originated.  …
The 2019-nCoV outbreak first identified in Wuhan, China, is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation. CDC is providing updated information as it  available. For the most current information, please check   …
LATEST: Health authorities in Texas are investigating suspected coronavirus case in a Texas A&M student. The student, who recently traveled to Wuhan, went to an emergency department yesterday with a cough and congestion. 
It’s horrifying #CoronavirusOutbreak #Wuhan 
wait hold awn.. 2020 is the year of the rat in the chinese zodiac... there was a plague in both 1820 and 1920... the coronavirus outbreak is bc ppl in wuhan were eating rat adjacent rodents that carried the virus.. rats caused the bubonic plague.. 
Aight boys,Kathy ate some bat soup. She spread the wuhan virus. 
"Novavax said it will use  nanoparticle" technology to develop a vaccine candidate  the virus, which appears to have started in the city of Wuhan in central China."  …
Video of Wuhan City in China as authorities try to disinfect a contaminated area after discovery of mutated virus there CCP has blocked the city of Wuhan and will not let anyone leave .. scary stuff as if we aren’t scared enough already 
BEFORE YOU PANIC about the coronavirus in Wuhan... WATCH THIS VIDEO. For perspective, SARS was also a coronavirus and had a much higher mortality rate... this seems to only be causing deaths in weaker people with pre-existing conditions.  …
A case of #CoronavirusOutbreak in Texas Is it a coincidence that Wuhan was the site of the first "biosafety" lab in China? Most importantly: #Coronavirus patented by Pirbright funded by NGO's & Bill/Melinda Gates Foundation (portrayed as saviors in  …
Breaking news: "Experts say the Wuhan Coronavirus can be killed with alcohol and high temperatures" Me: 
Today is the Chinese New Year eve. I have canceled my trip back to #Wuhan, and my family decided not to have any gathering. It’s an extremely distressing time and seeing these videos of despair from afar really upsets me. Praying for Wuhan. 
We have one confirmed case of coronavirus in the U.S. This virus is scary and deadly! This isn't the first incident of somebody collapsing on the streets of Wuhan due to the coronavirus. 
THE WUHAN VIRUS & #StarTrekPicard SAME THING SHEIKY BABY AND THE WILLIAM SHATNER BOLDLY FUCKING SUPLEX THEM BOTH WHERE NO JABRONI HAS GONE BEFORE #WeihanVirus #CoronaVirusOutbreak
Hopefully we will be able to contain Wuhan virus better than we did with TDS
This is the way we should respond to Wuhan!  …
A day after the first case of Wuhan coronavirus was confirmed in the US, a middle school has canceled an on-campus cultural exchange program with a group of Chinese exchange students visiting the DC metro area, citing health concerns 
BREAKING: Wuhan 'orders workers to build a dedicated coronavirus hospital in SIX DAYS' in a desperate bid to tackle the deadly outbreak  …
Wuhan  fucked. 
People in wuhan China are just falling over and leaking blood. Imagine when rome lost half it's ppl. That would be crazy seeing dead ppl all over losing blood in the streets. 
With Worst Economy in Decades, Will Wuhan’s Deadly Coronavirus Be the Catalyst for China’s Economic Collapse?  
The Wuhan coronavirus outbreak explained  
They just fall down. #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan 
Coincidently there is a working biochemical laboratory in Wuhan, that studies the world's most dangerous pathogens and viruses. Scary stuff.  …
Health officials in Brazos County, Texas, said they were investigating a suspected case of Wuhan coronavirus and were keeping a patient isolated at home as they did additional testing 
Wuhan coronavirus does not yet constitute a public health emergency of international concern, the World Health Organization said. "Make no mistake. This is an emergency in China, but it has not yet  a global health emergency. It may yet  one." 
BREAKING: The Brazos County Health Department (near College Station where Texas A&M is) is investigating a case of Novel #coronavirus there. The patient traveled from Wuhan, China, where the coronavirus originated.  …
 about waiting times in the NHS. This is a #Wuhan local hospital at the centre of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. This is either mass hysteria, or #China could have a 
Video via social media alleges the work on site has begin even with rainy conditions the workers will work round the clock to deliver the project Contractor : Wuhan Shengshi Hongyu Construction Company 
The new #virus spreading worldwide began in #China in market selling exotic animals for food. Live #koalas + #wolf cubs sold in the same market. #SARS also began from consuming exotic animals. Now we'll all suffer the consequences of this bizarre cruelty. #Wuhan 
Suspected case of the Wuhan Coronavirus in Bravos County, Texas. The person recently traveled to Wuhan, China and is currently in isolation. (PorterMedium)
#China plans to build a hospital within six days in #Wuhan to deal with the #Coronovirus cases 30.527219,114.088672 
A World Health Organization  decides it is "too early" to declare the Wuhan coronavirus a public health emergency of international concern  
A biosafety level 4 laboratory that studies the “world’s most dangerous pathogens” is based in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in China, leading some to claim that the virus could have accidentally escaped the lab.  …
The stress on the Wuhan medical workers is unimaginable. When will pla doctors and nurses be sent in to help?  …
Have you ever looked so good that you don't want to go home because enough people haven't seen you.....? #Wuhan #ThursdayThoughts
Video of a medical staff in a #Wuhan hospital emotionally broke down as the hospital was totally overrun by #WuhanPneumonia patients. "Do you think I don't want to go home? What do you want from me!?" "Just fire me now so I can go home now!" "So many patients, what can I 
Chinese dissidents made this meme to protest the social media mass censorship going on in China about the Wuhan outbreak 
CCP bots are now attacking my tweets with disinfo that the US created the Wuhan virus as a biological attack on China
A video shared by a resident of Wuhan shows people stocking up on supplies as China ordered a lockdown on the city at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. Details here:  
Health officials in Brazos County are investigating a suspected case of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus in a patient who traveled from Wuhan, China, where the coronavirus originated, the Brazos County Health District says.  …
#Wuhan after the lockdown. After spent few days in #Hubei, I feel sad for local residents including my mom & dad, as lots of them have not realized that #WuhanCoronavirus is a such big public health crisis until Jan 22-23. This is not normal, as the first outbreak was 
Faced with the fast-changing situation of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, the government of #Wuhan City decided to set up a special hospital for receiving patients. The hospital is required to be built within six days, according to local authorities. 
The crisis videos you  out of Wuhan are illegal to post in China That is why there are so few of them The CCP uses AI and internet police to censor images they say "damage social stability"
Helpful diagram by the WHO showing the various symptoms of the Wuhan 
Wuhan suspected in UK now too  …
well, @WHO also said just a week or two ago that the Wuhan Pneumonia not infectious among human beings. It's time for the world to know how corrupted the WHO institution is, and how China asserts influence into WHO in a way that harm the global population. It is a shame  …
Guan Yi (virologist who identified SARS) on #CoronavirusOutbreak: "I’ve seen it all: bird flu, SARS, influenza A, swine fever... But the Wuhan pneumonia makes me feel extremely powerless... Past epidemics were controllable, but this time, I’m petrified."  …
Li Lanjuan studied on the Wuhan virus with Zhong Nanshan, the first scientist to discover the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus that seized the world in 2002 and his team of six other experts have produced some of the most vital insights. 
China has put Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, and neighboring Huanggang, a city of some 7 million people, under lockdown. Authorities have urged citizens in the two cities at the epicenter of a coronavirus outbreak not to leave  
@WHO not declaring the Wuhan Virus spread a global emergency?? WHAT? WHY? What’s wrong with you @WHO 
This deadly #coronavirus was spread fr #Wuhan (China) to many countries just in days and kill 17 ppl. Maybe thousand ppl carrying pathogens are traveling around the world It’s spread fr human to human via air and still have no vaccines Pls read it & reduce the risk of infection. 
WUHAN VIRUS handled by Bodhi Ji when he returns  
#CoronavirusOutbreak From my relative in Wuhan. One of the five hospital waiting line to get checked. 
Is anyone else following the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan? I’d like to know what steps the world is taking — not just China — to ensure that this doesn’t spread to other countries. #Coronavirus
#China This is one of the most disturbing news reports about #WuhanPneumonia: "Central Theater Command assists Wuhan lockdown" CCP Central Military Commission has ordered Central Command to assist the Wuhan lockdown in response to social instability due to panic emotions.[1/3]  …
Breaking: The following 7 cities in China are on lockdown to prevent the spread of nCov, or novel coronavirus: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, Zhijiang, Qianjiang, Chibi, Xiantao. Over 22 million people in total are under lockdown orders.
BOMBSHELL! Canada sent Lethal Viruses to China.  … Canadian govt scientist under investigation  … Xiangguo Qiu — who was escorted out, was invited to go to the Wuhan National Biosafety Lab 2x a year for 2 weeks each time.
Some of the  out of #Wuhan look just like those from post-apocalyptic movies. Here is one from the city's hospitals. Probably thousands infected out there. Let's hope it doesn't mutate further... Who knows where it could end then... 
Wuhan is a megacity with a population upwards of 11 million people—more than Los Angeles county, the most populous urban agglomeration in the US. And it's now under quarantine by the Chinese government. 
You know it’s getting bad and the Communist Party isn’t telling people the whole truth when they cancel Chinese New Year in Beijing, Wuhan, and elsewhere: Coronavirus latest: Quarantine in China expands beyond Wuhan - The Washington Post  …
footage of a Wuhan doctor having a mental breakdown #wars #WuhanCoronavirus #wuhanvirus #Wuhan 
Here's a current list of the coronavirus lockdowns: - Wuhan (11 million people) - Huanggang (7 million people) - Xianning (2.5 million people, starting at 10 a.m.) - Chibi (half a million people) Partial lockdown: - Ezhou (1 million people, limited to closure of railway system)
First paper on Wuhan nCoV shows it has 96.2% sequence identity to a SARSr-CoV we found in bats in Yunnan Province previously, and that it uses ACE2 receptor  …
4th City in #China will be going into lockdown according to reports #Xianning, this follows #Wuhan, #Huanggang and #Chibi.
Me seeing the doomsday clock going to 100 seconds to Midnight, Australia on fire and the coronavirus all trending on the same day #AustraliaOnFire #CoronavirusOutbreak #DoomsdayClock #Wuhan 
A video out of China purports to show a victim of the deadly new coronavirus after he collapsed on the streets of Wuhan.  …
"A laboratory in Wuhan is on the cusp of being cleared to work with the world’s most dangerous pathogens" February 22 2017  
Where the Wuhan Coronavirus has spread  
Yay! We can get estrogen & carcinogen laden soylent green fake meat that causes infertility even cheaper now! Wooo hooo! Maybe soon  w Victoria Secret’s coupons for all the men developing boobs! I’m not sure which is worse, this or Wuhan coronavirus bat soup. 
Coincidence? A disease we've never heard of, coronavirus just so happens to emerge during the busiest travel time of the year in China (Chinese New Year) from a city, Wuhan, that has a lab that studies the world's most dangerous pathogens. Hmmm...
The government in #China lied to citizens about #WuhanCoronavirus + censored news, social media. Some people posting online about #virus even detained by police. Didn't China see what happened when #Iran tried to lie about shooting down #Ukrainian plane?  #Wuhan 
Philippines suspends flights to and from Wuhan, China  …
The Wuhan coronavirus and SARS are similar: Both belong to the same virus family, and both originated in a Chinese wet market. Here's what these outdoor bazaars look like, replete with pigs, chickens, fish, and snakes (to name a few).  …
Quick reminder for those tweeting about Wuhan/coronavirus: This is a really, really scary thing that directly threatens the family and close friends of a lot of people reading your tweets. Just keep that in mind when firing off a hot take.
This is like a scene straight out of World War Z: "Relief and Panic in the Rush to Catch Last Trains From Wuhan"  
Vincent Fung, director of HK ETO in Wuhan, took to FB and said he did not take the last plane and instead chose to stay in Wuhan to handle potential requests from HKers and lead the office. He said he’s alright except gotta to cook and do the housework himself.. 
Impeachment news is dominating Washington this week, but @bianca_nobilo is tracking today's other headlines: - Wuhan coronavirus - Auschwitz liberation anniversary - Australia fires - Myanmar at the UN Read more:  
WOW!!! THIS IS CREEPY! Wuhan train station cordoned off! City of 11 million goes on lockdown to stop the spread of coronavirus. 
Three cities of China- Wuhan, Ezhou and Huanggang on lockdown as China allocates 1 billion yuan for Coronavirus; Large scale new year celebrations cancelled in Beijing city. 1 billion yuan to finance efforts to contain Coronavirus. US, S.Korea, Japan, Singapore& Thailand affected
If you’re a media outlet or influencer circulating videos and pictures of Chinese people eating bats or other animals just to get clicks and views while fearmongering about different cultures and the Wuhan coronavirus, then you’re both a racist and a dangerous opportunist.
Guan Yi, the virologist who identified SARS, with a chilling perspective on the Wuhan outbreak: “I’ve seen it all: bird flu, SARS, influenza A, swine fever and the rest. Most of the past epidemics were controllable, but this time, I’m petrified.”  …
"Use N95 Mask to protect yourself from recent/possible ashfall from volcanic eruptions. Surgical masks will not work" "Don't use N95 Mask, but surgical mask to protect from the spreading Corona/Wuhan virus" Me: Yeah ok, but there's only one headgear slot sooo---
Extraordinary: transport in/out of Wuhan and other cities is stopped, cities under quarantine, Beijing new years celebrations being cancelled and the forbidden city will close. It's not getting a lot of coverage in the US, but this is a big deal.  …
On @TeamCavuto at 12:00 ET to talk about the #Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. #China is now cracking down on information about the outbreak, and that's another indication this situation is getting worse. #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanSARS
Video allegedly shows a victim of the #CoronavirusOutbreak after they collapsed in the middle of an intersection in #China ---- Location unknown, possibly #Wuhan 
News as of the last 72 hours: >Infected: 600< reported >Deaths: 25< reported Cities Locked down: >WUHAN population 11,000,000 >EZHOU population 1,000,000 as of 2010 >CHIBI population 500,000 >HUANGGANG population 7,000,000
A number of people in Scotland are being tested for coronavirus. Samples had been taken from 3 people who recently travelled from Wuhan to Scotland. It's thought none is in a serious condition. At least one is a student. There is also believed to be a 4th patient in Glasgow.
First it was - "Only 150 cases, one death, only in Wuhan" Then - "200 cases, contained in China, not a big deal" Then - "25 million quarantined, all over the globe, Chinese doctors saying it is mutating" That happened in one week.  …
#UPDATE China locked down some 20 million people around the epicentre of a deadly virus outbreak on Thursday, banning planes and trains from leaving in an unprecedented move aimed at containing the disease which has spread abroad  #Wuhan 
A senior correspondent with NBC is reporting that a total of 7 cities in Hubei province are under total or partial lockdown, with  population nearing 23 million. This suggests that transmission has extended beyond Wuhan, but official figures show no cases in 5/7 cities. 
CORONA VIRUS IS NO ACCIDENT CREATED IN WUHAN LAB EXPOSED FOR LUNAR NEW YEAR
Important paper out on #Wuhan #nCoV2019 via @biorxivpreprint 96% sequence identity to a bat #coronavirus ~80% sequence identity to SARS ~95% AA sequence identity in 7 conserved replicase domains to SARS uses the same cell entry receptor, ACE2, as SARS  
BREAK: Prime Minister’s spokesman says 4 patients being tested in Scotland for coronavirus / Wuhan virus are Chinese nationals. The measures are ‘purely precautionary’ and ‘no one has tested positive’. No 10 say patients are in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
BREAKING: People are beginning to collapse in the streets of #Wuhan, China as deadly #coronavirus is 
Video of #Wuhan #China allegedly showing the plight of doctors ..... "You only talk of the courage of #Wuhan & its doctors, there aren't enough medical supplies,we are overloaded physically & mentally, we can't rely on sloganeering, where is the solution ?" 
Residents in Wuhan waiting to be treated. Many have been turned away, refuse treatment due to lack of capacity in the hospital, died @home. Death #released only include those being officially diagnosed #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Wuhan suspends all car-hailing services. Taxis OK but limited by odd/even plate number each day. So: -no public bus, ferry, subway -no outbound train, flight -no inter-province/city bus, ferry -no chartered car, boat -only way out by own car or taxi but health checks on highways
Of all the aspects of the rapidly spreading Wuhan virus, this is perhaps the most alarming: A single patient has infected 14 health care workers. That's what's called a "super spreader" -- and identifying them is a key element of fighting the virus. 
In the wake of the Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak, we are calling for the immediate closing of live animal markets around the world that trade in wildlife.  
Highly doubt the Wuhan coronavirus jumped from bats to snakes to humans. Snakes are cold blooded reptiles and it makes absolutely no sense for the virus to do that. Just examining the genetic code and making rushed assumptions to publish quickly is not evidence-based medicine.
Expats in Wuhan reckoning with the corona virus. 
Singapore confirms first case of Wuhan virus 
Bat soup is known to be a popular dish in Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak originated, and scientists say that the virus shares a strain of virus found in bats. Utterly gross and dangerous. I'm not eating bugs or bats. F off.
The Chinese Communist Party has shamefully blocked Taiwan’s participation in the World Health Assembly for years. As the Wuhan virus spreads, Beijing’s petty attempts to deny Taiwan’s place in the world may have deadly consequences:  …
all nurses out there please take good care of your health this wuhan virus don’t play play ah
Four suspected cases detected in Malaysia. Two patients in Selangor and one in Sabah were tested negative, another patient currently in isolation ward in Sabah, still awaiting results. AirAsia has temporarily cancelled all flights from Sabah & Thailand to Wuhan till Jan 28  …
Timelines difficult for you to scroll down? I'm not saying it, the people in China in Wuhan are saying it, saying that the goverment is shutting down public groups discussing this and censoring articles over there.  …
Me seeing the doomsday clock going to a 100 seconds, Australia on fire and the coronavirus all trending on the same day #AustraliaOnFire #CoronavirusOutbreak #DoomsdayClock #Wuhan 
One keral nurse in KSA tested +ve for Wuhan virus and many quarantined--Pinarayi can call Kerala assembly and pass a resolution condemning China for not controlling the virus --u may ask what use? Same as resolution opposing CAA which is not of any use:)) RT
#WuhanPneumonia — video in a local hospital. Earlier several #Wuhan hospitals calling for *public donations* of #medical supplies like N95 masks, surgical masks, protective goggles, etc. No wonder number of #coronavirus cases slowing down. #China 
Airports around the world are increasing health screenings and implementing new quarantine procedures as officials race to slow the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus  
I urge all Nurses and EMS personnel to practice routine hand washing after attending to your cases, and wear appropriate PPE when necessary. PLEASE DONT EAT BATS THAT ARE SHIPPED FROM WUHAN!! Take care of yourself before taking care of others
message from a frontline doc in Wuhan，the reason for the stopped growing number of infected #WuhanPneumonia is because the hospitals has run out virus test kit… This is not a joke from soviet union，this is China  …
What the fuck Kalibo Airport let 153 passengers from Wuhan in Their only basis? The thermal scanner that showed an absence of fever Even if they weren't experiencing symptoms that time, there's a big risk that they might AFTER. #coronavirus #coronovirus
Video from inside a hospital in Wuhan #China #Wuhan 
Here's the nasty bugger. Micrograph of the Wuhan coronavirus Most similar to one found in bats. 
The global count of confirmed Wuhan coronavirus cases now stands at 622, with 611 of those in mainland China 
Australian Govt seemed pretty sure we were safe from Wuhan virus. But it’s hit Singapore. Travel makes it easy for pandemics. What a shame LNP IPA closed down our Infectious Diseases Lab. #auspol #Corona Singapore confirms first case of Wuhan virus  …
A family from Wuhan China also arrived in Singapore and now the virus is there too. Is it just me or it’s fishy these families from Wuhan China keep travelling to other countries (spreading the virus). Call me delusional, i’m freaking panicking over this #CoronavirusOutbreak
A video from a hospital in Wuhan … i am so speechless，just look at the crowd... it only takes one real patient of #WuhanCoronavirus to doom everyone else on the site! #Wuhan #WuhanPneumonia 
There's a scene in a Tamil Film about Bodhidharman. An unknown disease kills ppl & affects village after village. Until Bodhidharman arrives & cures them. Coincidentally, we're hearing about Wuhan few months after Xi visited Bodhidharman's native in Tamil Nadu.
Hours before the lockdown of Wuhan City in China, the epicenter of the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak, a plane headed for the Kalibo International Airport flew out early Thursday morning. 
They're saying the Coronavirus outbreak is linked to bat soup sold at Wuhan market in China. 
3 people who've recently travelled from Wuhan to Scotland are being treated as suspected cases of Coronavirus. The head of infection medicine at the University of Edinburgh, Professor Jurgen Haas, said all 3 had respiratory symptoms and had been in Wuhan in the last 14 days.
#NEW: One Indian nurse in Saudi Arabia has tested positive for the #Wuhan virus - Reuters
PRESS RELEASE: Given the developments concerning the coronavirus in Wuhan, China, Wisma Putra would like to advise Malaysians to defer all non-essential travel to Wuhan and other areas that may be affected. @saifuddinabd @MarzukiYahyaFC @IkramShahrul @amran_zin 
video showing people are saying 20 ambulance rushing to Xiaotangshan hospital in beijing where use to b special facility for #Sars crisis in 2003. So this probably means Brijing is facing critical situation of #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak as well #Wuhan 
The #coronovirus has caused the lockdown of Wuhan, a city with a bigger population than London or New York. This is a video from Wuhan Hospital's reception area. It's worse than we're being told. 
What did Wuhan wet market in China do made God so angry to strike the region with coronavirus now?! These clips have the answer. 
JUST IN: International news agency AFP reports Vietnam confirms first case of new #coronavirus from Wuhan, China. 
Hong Kong shops are selling out of face masks as Wuhan virus spreads 
Bodhi dharma we need you to fight the wuhan virus
This is v strong language from Guan Yi and a total recalibration of his views since I last spoke to him about a week ago. Back then, he said everything appeared to be under control and that he had  about government transparency. (This was before he went to Wuhan.)  …
These are the symptoms of Wuhan coronavirus, and how you can protect yourself:  
WATCH: Wuhan train station cordoned off as the city of 11 million goes on lockdown to stop the spread of coronavirus. Just waiting 4 an outbreak of something nasty like this or worse (the plague) to pop up in Commie Cali Coming to a city near you! 
Hospitals themselves are  high-infection risk areas in Wuhan 
Wuhan has  a ghost town as people are staying inside during the lockdown 
China is quarantining everyone from Wuhan City to prevent the spread of the deadly coronavirus. We need to do the same with the just as dangerous TDS syndrome, Trump Derangement Syndrome, for which there is no cure.
An Indian nurse in Saudi Arabia has been diagnosed with Wuhan coronavirus, according to India’s foreign office. 
Animal: *exists* Wuhan people: 
JUST IN: Singapore confirms the first case of Wuhan virus. A 66-year-old Chinese man, a Wuhan resident who arrived in the country with nine  on Monday, tested positive for the virus. | (Report from The Straits Times) 
I’m not on the #WuhanCoronavirus story as a journalist this time. I’m a very concerned 武汉人 posting videos I see in chat groups. Here is a another one - the man in the video speaks with a Wuhan accent: “I’m at the Hankou Hospital... (1/2) 
#NEW: Singapore has officially confirmed that a chinese national has tested positive for the #Wuhan virus. There are approximately 6 countries that the Wuhan virus has made it to. (8 cases in total) - China - Thailand - Japan - South Korea - United States - Singapore
Here are some things you can do to protect yourself if you are worried about contracting the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Singapore has confirmed the first case of the Wuhan coronavirus in the country, involving a Chinese citizen. The 66 year-old Wuhan resident arrived in Singapore with his family on Jan 20, from Guangzhou via China Southern flight CZ351. 
Everyone please take care. This Wuhan virus really spreading like wildfire. If you're feeling not well, immediately seek for consultations. Wear mask and wash hand.
Now, more than 1,000 doctors who have worked in the Xiaotangshan Hospital which was on the front line of SARS treatment in 2003, signed a joint letter, and they said they would go to #Wuhan Wuhan without hesitation and bring hope to the patients. God bless those doctors. 
Both Shanghai and Wuhan will set up designated hospitals to treat confirmed #WuhanCoronavirus patients like the XiaoTangShan hospital during #SARS in 2003. The Wuhan one will be built in 6 days at a workers’ medical retreat facility in Caidian district. 
Of all the aspects of the rapidly spreading Wuhan virus, this is perhaps the most alarming: A single patient has infected 14 health care workers. That's what's called a "super spreader" -- and identifying them is a key element of fighting the virus. 
China is battling with Wuhan virus causing loss of lives but some insensitive women are busy showing their biceps on Instagram, some are sharing pics with red, blue hair & many are enjoying eating biryani at Shaheen Bagh not realising this virus is spread by eating biryani only
All local sources that I've talked to agree that the decision to enforce a "lockdown" on Wuhan and neighboring cities was merely a cosmetic act that can't reduce the damages that #WuhanCoronavirus and #Beijing's incapability have done.
Here's a current list of the coronavirus lockdowns: - Wuhan (11 million people) - Huanggang (7 million people, starting at midnight) - Chibi (half a million people, starting at midnight) Partial lockdown: - Ezhou (1 million people, limited to closure of railway system)
Now we have first confirmed Wuhan virus case in Singapore, and one suspected Wuhan virus case in Sabah. On top of that influenza outbreak still not stoping. Ah.
friendly reminder that Wuhan, the Chinese city currently under quarantine to contain a coronavirus outbreak, is bigger than any American city, including NYC. In fact, at 11 million people, it’s bigger than NYC and   …
video from a Wuhan hospital，patient collapes on the ground. #WuhanPneumonia #wuhan 
We have 1 Person Under Investigation (PUI) for the nCoV (Novel Corona Virus) here in Tacloban. A 36 year-old American Male who works as a teacher in Wuhan, China. Went home to Tacloban last January 17.
This is... not good. Earlier today, several Wuhan hospitals put out a call for public donations of medical supplies e.g. surgical masks, scrubs, protective goggles. Gives some idea of how desperate the equipment shortage is and how under-resourced hospitals are in times of crisis 
A good friend who is home in China for new year’s said the first 20 minutes of news tonight were anchors talking about Xi Jinping being great and then nothing about the Wuhan coronavirus
Singapore confirms first case of Wuhan virus 
This guy clearly didn’t live through SARS. Wuhan may be “3000 miles” away but there are countless flights daily from China to SG. This is just doing due diligence, not blind “panic”.  …
JUST IN: Singapore confirms first case of Wuhan virus, 66-year-old Chinese man warded and in stable condition  
WATCH: Highways near Wuhan have been blocked to stop people from leaving the city of 11 million in an effort to contain coronavirus 
Latest novel #Wuhan #coronavirus updated timeline and slight redesign. #workinprogress Please drop me any errors or items that are missing - I know there are a 
As China releases details about the 17 people who have died in the Wuhan outbreak, a well-known SARS expert raised an alarm about the virus’s spread, saying he felt “powerless" and "very angry" 
Breaking News: The authorities in China expanded travel restrictions to at least 4 more cities near Wuhan, the epicenter of a mysterious outbreak of coronavirus 
A thing to keep front and center on Wuhan: Many people work 6 days a week, 12 hours a day, or more, so that once a year they can go home for Spring Festival. This is a public health disaster and also a big heartbreak for millions and millions of Chinese families who live apart.
Hospital in Wuhan today 
JUST IN: Travel restrictions have been placed on a third Chinese city to help control the spread of Wuhan coronavirus 
So uhh Chinese top biotech lab is in Wuhan. Burely a goincidence? 
Surrounding cities Ezhou and Huanggang take measures as Wuhan goes into lockdown amid the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Wuhan Coronavirus Hits the U.S. And Vaccine Stock Soars  …
Why were Chinese spies smuggling viruses out of Canada? #Wuhan  …
They say the new deadly muted virus in  from their “special” eating habits. How do we stop the Chinese from eating gross things or make sure that they at least cook it before eating it?  …
WUHAN VIRUS SPREAD FASTER THAN CHINA EXPECTED - SINGAPORE'S LEE
Patient 0 in the #CoronavirusOutbreak is believed to have been infected in a seafood and livestock market in #Wuhan, presumably by close contact with an infected animal. Bad news: Now, the #coronavirus appears to have adapted to spread  …
Outrageous menu from Wuhan’s market shows live koalas, peacocks, wolf pups & over 100 wild animals on sale  
#coronavirus Update: 625 confirmed cases in CN & 17 deaths City lockdowns: Wuhan (11 million people) Huanggang (7 million people, starts at midnight) Chibi (500K people, starts at midnight) Partial lockdown: Ezhou (1 million people, limited to suspension of railway services) 
Airports around the world are increasing health screenings and implementing new quarantine procedures as officials race to slow the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus  
All large-scale Chinese New Year celebrations have been canceled in Beijing to try and contain Wuhan coronavirus 
CNN International: Authorities in Beijing have cancelled all large-scale Chinese New Year celebrations in an effort to contain the growing spread of Wuhan Coronavirus.
So the Wuhan outbreak is blaming marketplace animals for this virus...which would be my guess...if it wasn't for that accidental release of pathogen at the Wuhan virology lab last month. Primary host: bat, or snake. I doubt it. This virus jumped to humans too quickly.
At least 17 people are dead in China and more than 600 confirmed infected as coronavirus continues to spread throughout Asia and the world. Wuhan, the city of 11 million people where the outbreak began, is under partial lockdown. @drsanjaygupta reports  
Beijing joins Wuhan, Zhejiang, Macau in canceling #LunarNewYear celebrations. #China capital’s culture & tourism bureau says all public gathering activities, incl. traditional temple fairs, are off. (Holiday is normally major consumer spending time. #WuhanCoronavirus) @TheDomino
Wuhan-KK-Wuhan flights have been suspended until Jan 28, Christina Liew has announced. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
All transport links (buses, subway, trains, airport, ferries) in Wuhan shut down due to the coronavirus, days before the Lunar New Year. The city is home to 11m people, making it China’s 7th most populous city (and larger than NYC or London). 
We are concerned to hear about the ongoing situation in Wuhan, China. Our thoughts are with all those affected and the families of those who’ve passed away. We hope that the brave medical staff on the frontline will be able to stop the further spread of the disease. Forza Wuhan!
#CoronavirusOutbreak may be linked to bat soup sold at Wuhan market It has been claimed that the deadly strain shares  ancestor with a virus found only in fruit bats. Bat soup is reported to be an unusual but popular dish particularly in Wuhan  …
China coronavirus update: 20 million people are now in the quarantine zone around Wuhan, where travel is heavily restricted. Hospitals struggling. School openings delayed. People are angry and afraid. And there's lots of censorship. All the latest:  …
Today in Wuhan district in China everyone was restricted from moving out or inside of the city and everyone to stay indoors to prevent more further spread of the deadly #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The new virus causing the outbreak in China - and the disease it causes - need real names. Experts worry inappropriate ones - ones that stigmatize #Wuhan - will take hold otherwise. 2019-nCoV is just a placeholder.  …
When Wuhan shuts down, only the rich with private cars can get out of the city. You’re screwed if you have to take public transportation. What  socialist paradise.  …
Wuhan, a city of more than 11 million people, has been virtually locked down as Chinese officials seek to stop the spread of a deadly new coronavirus that has sickened hundreds and spread to other countries. Train and air travel has been cut off. 
A 73-year-old woman is the first Thai to test positive for coronavirus. The patient fell ill shortly after returning from Wuhan. There are now four confirmed cases in Thailand. Three are Chinese tourists. Govt confirms Thai coronavirus case  … 
Coronavirus outbreak could be linked to bat soup sold at Wuhan market  …
Live: Hubei Health Commission holds press conference on control of the novel #coronavirus #Wuhan  …
Plane passengers on one of the last flights out of Wuhan get their temperature checked on arrival in Kunming as China tries to contain deadly new viral illness.  
Video of people fighting over food in the sealed off Chinese city (12 million people) #Wuhan where a deadly new mutated virus is infecting more and more inhabitants. Wonder how many of these people laughed at preppers a few months ago?  …
JUST IN: Huanggang, a city about 80 kilometers from Wuhan, will be effectively locked down due to risks associated with the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus, Chinese state media reported. 
This is Wuhan tonight. 
In Wuhan city China, residents have no access to masks to prevent them from catching a virus due to limited retail, so they use other strange things instead to save their health. 
What is a coronavirus? What are the symptoms? Should you be concerned about travelling? When has something like this happened before? Here's everything you need to know about the 'Wuhan virus' outbreak  …
Chinese government tomorrow: "Wuhan? No such place. But please visit new Chinese Grand Canyon.."  
Videos show apparent Wuhan coronavirus patients being transported in small boxes and plastic tubes to stop the deadly disease from spreading further  …
PH aviation authorities on Thursday banned flights to the Chinese city of Wuhan as a precaution, following the outbreak of the novel #coronavirus. 
Last updated 5:47 pm today: “Philippines stops accepting flights from Wuhan, origin of new coronavirus”  …
The Wuhan outbreak shows that the government didn’t learn enough from the SARS epidemic. My take. 
#CoronavirusOutbreak supermarket shelves have been emptied as the city of Wuhan is tightly sealed off. 
Regional health authorities in China have confirmed 13 new cases of the Wuhan coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases in mainland China to 611. 
Passengers from China's Wuhan arriving in Rome checked for coronavirus: airport spokesman  
China released more details about the 17 people who have died in the Wuhan outbreak. The information shows that the disease has thus far largely killed older men, many of whom had underlying health problems. 
As @BNONews pointed out, this second city going under lockdown is Huanggang (population 6 million), which is next to Wuhan WTF is going on there??  …
While ya'll are focused on an innocent woman's video, the Coronavirus has been spreading fast. First cases of Coronavirus has been reported in Singapore. An outbreak has been reported in the US as well. The state of Wuhan reportedly is being quarantined.
It’s true. The roads out of Wuhan seem blocked. Police at expressway entrances around Wuhan wave back drivers who think they can leave. 
A second Chinese city Huanggang, which is next to Wuhan with a population of 7 million, will go into lockdown beginning at midnight to prevent the spread of coronavirus. The coronavirus is fueling worldwide anxiety! #Huanggang #Wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The Wuhan New-type Coronavirus Pneumonia Command -- a task-force set up to deal with the crisis -- says Wuhan has sufficient supplies of food, medical supplies  The city is under partial lockdown to contain the spread of the virus. 
#BREAKING A second central Chinese city is being put on lockdown to help control the spread of a virus epidemic that broke out in neighbouring Wuhan, authorities say 
BREAKING: The Philippines is suspending all flights from Wuhan City, considered to be ground zero for the new coronavirus which has so far killed 17 and infected more than 500 people in mainland China. 
Genuinely terrified by this coronavirus outbreak, & now it turns out that it’s potentially been started by ‘bat soup’, a ‘popular dish’ in Wuhan . Who the hell eats bat insides?  …
