The city of Wuhan registered no new cases of COVID-19 in 24 hours – for the first time since reporting its first case in December in an outbreak that has gone on to infect more than 270,000 people around the world and kill more than 11,000 people.  
Not only you but also CNN had been also saying Wuhan virus but they suddenly changed their behaviour and started criticizing people who call it so. No apology for those who had to face unfair discrimination (as you posted) because of media & "experts" calling it as such "NAMES"??
Why are you, and Democrats so offended because it is called the China virus ?? — it originated in Wuhan, CHINA.  …
Jan 23rd China closes off the city of  to slow the spread of COVID-19 to the rest of China.
Jan 21st The first person with "known" COVID-19 arrives in the United States from "China", where he had been in Wuhan.
Dec 1, 2019 The first known patient started experiencing symptoms. He had not been to the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market of Wuhan. No epidemiological link could be found between this case and later cases.
Random Thought: The Wuhan Virus would be a real grab bag for Tyler Durden. Soap Business is booming, but Fight Club is cancelled.
There have been several false and dangerous rumors spread about the Wuhan #coronavirus. @FEMA has a new tool out  the #FakeNews:  …
Muslim users have now taken to TikTok, the video-sharing social networking service, to encourage social proximity amidst the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak 
Got the Social Distancing Blues? Let's play a game... Say It 5 times fast: WuhanCoronavirus,WuhanCoronavirus,WuhanCoronaviru, WuhanCoronavirus,Wuhan Coronavirus. Tough, Now something easier and more familiar: CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX 
Not mentioned: Taiwan was screening Wuhan flights Dec. 31, banned Wuhan residents Jan. 23, suspended tourist visits to China Jan. 25, banned all Chinese arrivals Feb. 6; Canada permitted flights until last week.  …
Irish doctors have been getting advice from doctors in Wuhan about how to deal with the Covid-19 outbreak. They spoke of the need for everyone to follow hygiene rules, to isolate suspected cases either in hospital for high-risk patients or at home for lower risk cases,
Jan 3 2020 "Mystery" pneumonia being investigated due to only 44 cases, in a population of over 11 million? Hong Kong & Singapore ALREADY screening travelers from Wuhan with only 44 cases? @realDonaldTrump is right, China isn't telling the whole  …
This is media hype means to panic. The virus, in its early stage, has had this death rate almost everywhere. Then, it suddenly drops off about 3-4 weeks in from the 1st death, until it gets to a rate of 0, as in Wuhan. This  w/ most viruses.   …
Tell that to Xi. He knew about the virus and let *tens of thousands* of Chinese families attend that Lunar New Year Banquet exposing them to the deadly virus, silenced good doctors, let millions leave Wuhan untested, and unleashed the virus outside China’s borders.  …
This isn't one person's fight, it's the paramedic from Wuhan, the ED nurse from Seoul, the Intensivist from Lombardy, the Virologist at the CDC, the cleaner in Paz UVI in Madrid. We are all in this together.
China lied to the World Health Organization, which then repeated the lie, that the Wuhan Cornovirus wasn’t transmitted human to human  …
This isn’t in #Wuhan or #Iran. This is #Italy. #Coronavirus has devastated Italy. Today, Italian #Hospitals recorded over 793 deaths. @WHO is strikingly silent on the Italian tragedy. #ItalyCoronavirus. 
Some FakeNews clowns were quick to accuse @realDonaldTrump of xenophobia and bigotry because he called #coronavirus “foreign” “Chinese” or “the Wuhan Coronavirus.” But in fact, scores of media members have used those terms to refer to the origin of the virus. #KeepAmericaGreat
Serious question: how is the Clinton foundation  the Wuhan virus right now? Hillary's tweeting doesn't count.
It looks like open the gates to unvetted migrants from terrorist countries, but I will bet anything that these America-hating Democrats will extend it to migrants from Wuhan.  …
In Wuhan they saw a lot of cased like this, especially among young people, they felt better, and the actual CT scan show the opposite, if the  back earlier, she should have been put into hospital, given some treatment, she would have survived.
No. Calling it the Wuhan Virus is an accurate location description. Knowing how and where things originate is called research. Schiff is clearly the anti-science division of the CCP.
China lied about the virus going from person to person, let millions leave Wuhan, travel the world infecting and killing people. China CAUSED this. To NOT hold them responsible is asinine! Every American needs to send them the bill for lost $in our 401ks. Flood their mail!
Flu-like symptoms spread through 5G. The first city to  set up with 5G? Wuhan, China. Chemtrails, metal in your body - plates, screws, mercury fillings, make you a receptor. The answer? Increased spirituality. Great vid. @realDonaldTrump @HHS @CDC @WHO  …
dark emptiness of tree-lined Wuhan streets my life and dreams shrink to the size of a laptop screen  #5lines #tanka #poetry #micropoetry #poem #Wuhan #China #Coronavirus #Covid19
Wuhan Market where it all began 
"In the likely epicenter of the virus -- the so-called wet-markets of Wuhan, China -- where wild animals are held captive together and sold as delicacies or pets, a terrifying mix of viruses and species can occur."  …
It came from Wuhan China! Dr Li Wenliang tried to warn the world but was permanently silenced by the Chinese government! 
only 15 new cases Jan 3-10? according to the Chinese authorities, the virus behind the Wuhan cases can cause severe illness in some patients and does not appear to pass easily from person to person. ..of the 59 patients, only 7 have been seriously ill.  …
So you mean that CNN,  . were wrong when they referred to it (correctly) as the Wuhan virus. I don't see the people of Lyme, CT raising an issue w Lyme disease. Quit being a feckless politician for once and do something remotely responsible
Rachel Maddow is a cheerleader for the Wuhan Coronavirus to destroy America and President Trump. Someone needs to ask her how much stock and investments she has in China, because liberalism is a mental disease. 
and to quickly trace all contacts of confirmed cases. The Chinese doctors are based at the 2nd Affiliated Hospital of the Zhejiang School of Medicine in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province about 800km from Wuhan but were sent to Wuhan to treat patients during the outbreak there.
Great job over there in Wuhan.  …
Two months into coronavirus lockdown, her online diary is a window into life and death in Wuhan  …
New Polls Show a Clear Majority of Americans Approve of President Trump's Handling of the Wuhan Virus Pandemic  …
You’re falling for their trick. They want you to be focused on them calling it the Wuhan virus instead of focusing on their failure in addressing this early when we had a chance.
Update: Italy now reports 4825 deaths from coronavirus, surpassing China as the country with highest death toll. Why? A new (unproven) theory suggests the virus has been there since November, emerging in Lombardy shortly after it arrived in Wuhan.  …
It is bound to. It took 4 weeks before thing really started turning around in Wuhan. Poor Italy. Desperate. Poor Spain. Poor us.
Irish doctors have been getting advice from doctors in Wuhan about how to deal with the Covid-19 outbreak  …
Wuhan went under lockdown after 571 cases were reported and 17 people had died. That is how China was able to contain the virus within Wuhan and recorded only few cases in other major cities like Beijing. New York has recorded over 10,000 cases and Trump is picking his nose.
Humm... #Obama’s brother poses a challenging question.. #FollowtheWhiteRabbit #StayAtHome #WhenThisIsAllOver #WhereIsJoeBiden #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #coronavirus #COVID19 #Wuhan  
IT’S TIME CHINA CAME FORTH Chinese military bio-weapons lab in Wuhan Coincidence Don’t think so The BIG CHINESE COVERUP  …
Maybe somebody (Wuhan Institute of Virology + Bill Gates) gave them a little nudge to  them?  …
We had 2 months to prepare for large-scale tests, contact tracing and quarantine - to be like Guangzhou not Wuhan. But the govt's  led by the ex-boss of David Cameron's "nudge" unit, decided British science knew best. By  …
#BREAKING China records no new cases of Wuhan-virus. In other news: China has stopped testing for Wuhan-virus. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied China is still lying.
Japanese Doctors have learned from physicians in Wuhan, that Wuhan is reporting no new infections. And the reason is, they have stopped all testing in Wuhan. This is the kind of deceit that has  synonymous with China. And the world is paying the price!  …
absolutely right. South Korea, Singapore and Japan were all more directly exposed to Wuhan virus, but each managed their affairs to avoid pandemic. EU, especially Italy, seems to have exposed western society.  …
Quarantine-at-home between 1/23-2/1 in Wuhan helped and did not work effectively, as family members and close contacts may be infected and might affect the  e.g., going shopping. Centralized quarantine is critical. From  …
#EverydayHero Yuan Mengqiang, a nurse in the medical team supporting #Wuhan, finally returned hometown. #Covid_19 
Wuhan Resident: China Sent Me to a Mental Hospital for a  …
“In Wuhan, virtually everyone is traumatized....The people need to vent, to weep loudly, to speak of their sorrows and to  The pain of Wuhan’s people cannot be relieved by yelling a few slogans.”  …
Everything the Democrats do has ‘disastrous’ written all over it. Even during trying times like we’re in Trump has his foot on the jugular. Choke. HuffPo Reporter: The Democrats' Response to the Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Has Been Disastrous  …
Doctor from global epicenter of virus Wuhan says having high blood pressure is a major death risk  …
What a surprise, Chinese propagandists used the term “Wuhan Virus” to describe it before magically condemning it as “racist.” Cue 10k people: “BuT wE cHAnGEd tHe nAMe SO wE CAn yELL aT YOu nOw.”  …
Political Correctness (liberalism) is responsible for killing thousands in Italy ———————————— Italian Virologist: Fear of Being Falsely Called Racist Led to Italy’s Wuhan Coronavirus Crisis  …
Media: we need treatment Trump: ok Media: not that! Media: we need hope Trump: have hope Media: that’s false hope! Media: Wuhan virus Trump: Wuhan virus Media: racist! Media: we need action Trump: financial relief, state of emergency, more supplies Media: over the top! Absurd  …
3/21 While CCP official media is busy boasting 0 growth of #CCPVirus for the 1st day on 3/19, at least 2  in #Wuhan posted notice that new #WuhanCoronaVirus patients were identified. CCP’s lies are everywhere and how ridiculous for people still trust 
Did anybody notice that they‘re all wearing masks? And were able to return to an almost life with 0 new infections in the last 3 days? Also, apparently not a single one of the 4000 additional healthcare workers sent to Wuhan infected (had proper PPE).  …
Did @WHO Lie About the Spread of Wuhan #Coronavirus to Protect #China?  … cc @TonyDaoryebb @geopolytica @FernandoAmandi #ChineseVirus #ChinaAssumaTeuVirus #ChinaCoronaVirus
Dems: President Trump wasn't able to predict that the Wuhan Virus was going to be a global pandemic in December, what an idiot. Dems Prediction Record: - Hillary will win - Economic Crash 2016 - Muslims/LGBTQ in Camps - War with NK/Iran - Mueller Time - Trump in Jail - Etc...
ChineseCoronaVirus has nothing to do with bats & spreads only from human to human. China's Biological Weapon was being developed at Wuhan Institute of Virology to be unleashed as a weapon in trade war. It went out of hand, was suppressed by China & WHO, till it became a Pandemic!
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01 #FBR
No thanks, #China The world is still dealing with the last creation out of #wuhan.  …
I hope one day I can visit Wuhan to see this.  …
"Not one of the 42,000 health workers sent to Wuhan is known to have  infected with the #coronavirus. The United States isn’t protecting health workers with the same determination; it seems to be betraying them." - @NickKristof #COVID19
Dec 10—The 1st person in Wuhan became ill Dec 30—CCP began shutting down social media, detained whistleblower Dr.Wenliang Jan 1—Labs ordered to destroy Virus samples, CCP claim no new cases Jan 14—WHO claims the disease is not transmittable human-to-human #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Why Democrats are really upset about the Wuhan 
What's life like in Wuhan two months into coronavirus lockdown? Read this @aliceysu story about a novelist keeping an online diary followed by 4m people. She weeps, she shouts, she describes corpses in  …
ICYMI - I joined Matt Boyle earlier today on @BreitbartNews to talk about the latest on the Wuhan coronavirus and the threat of Communist China. You can listen to the full interview here:
Dear Secretary, never believe @JZarif 's false claims about money shortage in Iran for  #Wuhan_Virus. He is so skilled at playing possum. Everyone knows well @khamenei_ir has tremendous amount of money which he pays on acts of terrorism in Middle East.  …
Trump’s policies will be vindicated in the wake of coronavirus President Trump’s rapid actions to shut down travel from China saved many lives slowing down the spread of the COVID-19 bug Originated in Wuhan, China.  
After blaming #US for bringing #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #ChinaVirus to #Wuhan, #CCP is trying to shift responsibility to #Italy, saying their top expert Giuseppe Remuzzi said that #coronavirus symptoms had appeared in Italy earlier than in #China. Report:  
Cell phones from a Wuhan hospital. Their owners died from #coronavirus and were 
The fact that my ancestors lived in present day Wuhan is crazy The best thing they did was leave that place for India, or I'd probably be in some incinerator right now
“I call it the Chinese coronavirus because  from Wuhan, China and China is responsible for its negligence in containing the outbreak,” Cheong said in a retweet. “I’m Chinese, in case that isn’t obvious,” he added.  …
5/ As for the idea that it could kill you, the @Bloomberg article says: “A woman in Wuhan proved how lethal chloroquine can be when it’s taken beyond the  dose.” I am pretty sure that ANY drug could kill you if you take more than the  dose.
Just to put this in perspective... Four weeks of *complete* lockdown is what Wuhan had. We don’t have that. We don’t have anything like that.  …
Dear Teddy: The Covid-19 virus's first documented case was in Wuhan China. It originated in Wuhan China, hence the name #ChineseVirus . Now stop pandering and playing the race card and clean up your district and state. Thanks, the American  …
When @CNN first began reporting on COVID-19 in January, the network called it “Chinese coronavirus” or “Wuhan coronavirus.” In record time — under two months, in fact — those phrases became racist. Why? Because the president was using them, of course  …
In all of this Wuhan Chinese Virus madness, it's still lent time leading up to Easter Sunday. What would Jesus do? He would shutdown the entire abortion industry. It's a Christian value to let all babies be born.  …
Every time I heard people sez calling Wuhan Virus & Chinese virus was racist I wanted to puke. Thé Chinazis r doing ethnic cleansing in Xinjiang, formerly known as East Turkistan that China has been occupying illegally.   …
Wuhan virus. China. That’s where it originated, and it was unleashed on the rest of the world. #facts
Trump - Shut the border Media - Ur a racist Trump - Shut the border Media - You didn’t do it fast enough Media - Chinese Wuhan Virus Trump - Chinese Virus Media - Ur a racist Media - We need a leader that gives us hope Trump - Have Hope Media - Ur giving false hope #Trumpin
The long locked-down Chinese city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak first emerged late last year, has started to drop its checkpoints, celebrating the moment with bursts of fireworks. Bus routes out of the city will remain blocked. 
South Korea: Was prepared and acted swiftly to ramp up testing Within weeks of outbreak in Wuhan,  had manufactured tests from #WHO’s recipe As a result, they quickly had a system that could assess 10,000 people a day Cases have been #declining for 
Italy is 3 days away from the Wuhan lockdown to tapering off point on the case growth curve, so increasing toll likely. They'll have had perhaps 7000 deaths at that point already. Absolutely horrific
The Wuhan #coronavirus has made us aware of the supply chain dependence on China for even our most  medicine. & how Chinese transnational capital has globalised loans/debt as well as disease. Ireland needs to  more self sufficient, not reliant in any  …
11. Wuhan gov’s official WeChat account posted an article today confirming this thread. The article “debunked the rumor” that there’re some new confirmed cases—they’re asymptomatic positive cases instead. 
5 year old Yuanyuan from Wuhan, #China, peels an orange in a ward where she now lives. Her parents and grandparents tested positive for #covid19 and were admitted to a hospital. She was the only one in her family not infected with the #coronavirus. v/ 
I've seen a lot praise today for this "Evidence over hysteria" piece. Sorry. No. Confirmed cases <> real world growth rates. Why not? #DontTestDontTell China CFR <> real world mortality. Why not? China stopped counting sick and dead in Wuhan. 
According to Imam of Peace! These mobile phones are from just one Wuhan hospital. Their owners died from #coronavirus and were sent to the crematorium. A very heartbreaking scene. 
London will be worse than Wuhan. We need all people confined to home, shops closed except food stores and pharmacies, police + army to manage lockdown + panic buying, medical reservists brought in, aid or purchase of protective equipment from abroad, and a state of emergency.
He identified four qualities of a good response 1. Openness about the reality. 2. Willingness to take painful measures 3. Strong logistics 4. Take people with you. The UK is weak on all four counts. China did it after the terror of Wuhan.
Our death rates without adequate care will be more like Wuhan (2.8%). Read the blog by Daniel Falush, a British mathematical biologist based in China. 
Hard FACT #FakeNews won’t report. It’s Ending in China! 71,857 cases cured! Go to the source.  #Wuhan is still bad, but no cause for panic as FakeNews would have us do. Observe CDC precautions. It will be over soon. @Lrihendry @PT4AZ9 
If China really is recovering from the Wuhan virus, then why aren't we receiving information from them regarding... 1) a vaccine? 2) a possible cure? 3) help in general? Just asking for about 5.5 billion other people
What if Journos were the real Wuhan Virus the whole time?
My latest at @LegInsurrection -->>> Italian Virologist: Fear of Being Falsely Called Racist Led to Italy’s Wuhan Coronavirus Crisis  …
Two months into coronavirus lockdown, her online diary is a window into life and death in Wuhan  …
For those organizing mutual aid: an inspiring look into  mobilization to deliver groceries, medicine, and toiletries to those in need. They do this work with the resources, infrastructure, and food subsidies of the CPC.  …
HuffPo Reporter: DEM Response to Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Has Been Disastrous The anti-Trump media cannot fight a 2-front war. They’re not smart enough. So, either way—Trump has won—again. And if this outbreak is contained—the economy will recover.  …
Don’t forget - the same useless media outlets that put the country through 3 yrs of hell, & accepted at face value a ridiculous dossier, are now demanding conclusive evidence that a scientifically promising drug for the treatment of the Wuhan Virus, or else it’s “false hope.”
If I’m forced to work from home for 12-18 months, I’m taking a cheap flight to Wuhan.
Apparently, @AndrewFeinberg isn't up on the news he is tasked with reporting, nor how the virus progresses. Death from the Wuhan Virus is mostly caused from bacterial pneumonia, which can be addressed with antibiotics.  …
I saw @rzhongnotes share this beautiful photo and was inspired to do a quick little painting. When all of this is over, I'm definitely taking a trip to Wuhan to see its beauty for myself.  
Imagine Milan: suddenly over a period of days (mostly from Jan 20-23) hundreds or thousands of tourists from Wuhan arrive for their New Year holidays. You have no idea of the threat, by the time you start to have an idea they have returned to China, to be strictly monitored there
“[China] wasted valuable days at the front end, allowing hundreds of thousands of people to leave Wuhan.” The #CCP covered up the #CCPVirus, said @SecPompeo, warning that a similar situation could unfold “if we don’t get to the bottom of  …
Don’t be an asshole. Don’t wish the Wuhan Coronavirus on people you dislike ideologically. This is a pandemic that the entire human race is trying to fight. It’s about our lives. Our children’s lives. Our parents’ lives.
Me: It’s impossible to have greater contempt for the media than I currently do. Wuhan virus coverage: Hold my bat soup.
Just your daily reminder that referring to the corona virus as the “China virus” or the “Wuhan virus” is incredibly racist and xenophobic. So please stop now. Thanks!
Unless the virus magically skipped Wuhan's neighboring provinces and made it's way directly to far away countries, all the Chinese data is bullshit. 
And then of course: over the next few weeks every Wuhan resident outside Wuhan was forced to give himself to the authorities under penalty of criminal prosecution. That was in China. Outside China people from Wuhan had no such obligation...
Something else. We know Bill Gates had a patent on the virus We also know he funds #geoengineering and he is for population control. We also know he was seen in Wuhan China 1 week before the outbreak! He resigned 10 mins after @POTUS said we know where the virus came  …
Right sir. And yet it’s called Spanish. If China has its way, this coronavirus will be called American. China says US troops brought it to Wuhan. Fixing accountability for a pandemic like this of paramount importance.
"China has a large population; there’ll be no difference without you!" a sick Wuhan resident was told by  staff when asking for assistance. The latest #CCPVirusupdates ➤  
Health professional, Wuhan "Very important to check temperature, very important" Over here, Irish Health Chief: ah it'll be all right lads, give them a leaflet #Covid19 #Covid19Ireland
Join me in supporting our President and VP would you in the way they’re handling and reporting the Wuhan Chinese Virus? Retweet Comment Follow Bookmark Follow more Please follow me 
IMO nothing wrong with calling coronavirus the Chinese or Wuhan Virus, China tried covering this up, many people have died and this virus has shutdown the world, they need to take blame for what they have done, also many other viruses are named after regions they originate from
“Hey everybody, this is my friend, Mr. Wuhan! No offense!” . . . Jeez, and we thought CNN was terrible. Your news literally is run  #INSTABLOCK #TributeToJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods #Trump2020Landslide  
Two months into coronavirus lockdown, her online diary is a window into life and death in Wuhan  …
China has no new cases of the coronavirus in Wuhan because they stopped bothering to test anyone. Solid.  …
There is only one certainty about the Wuhan Virus Pandemic: When it is over, the Deep State will have managed to whittle away a little bit more of our Freedom and Liberty. #DangerousFreedom
James Rosen Drops Bombshell Report That the CDC 'Lied' to the White House About Wuhan Virus Testing  …
CCP should pay for causing thousands of deaths, and turning Italy, and perhaps other places later on, into another Wuhan 
Ebola was named after the location it was first discovered in but now everybody suddenly understands this is wrong with Wuhan  …
Whole world going thru same issues b/c CHINA not only hoarded all the N95 masks, they bought up all the polypropylene needed to make new masks. This all while covering up how bad Wuhan was. Failing to contain pandemic, strategy shifted to enslaving all to Chinese "benevolence"
Some Koreans make a new campaign to bash japan about the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus virus Yet south korea has a higher rate than japan. Here are the original links to the bashing. Dirty south korea, stop lying, japan bashing!  …  
China started the virus “fire” in Wuhan. Media fueled the panic response. Mainstream Media helping China attack the United States.  …
Taiwan, which instituted COVID-19 preventive measures before any country, said it alerted WHO on Dec. 31 to human-to-human transmission by detailing how Wuhan medical staff were getting ill. But WHO, deferring to China, said on Jan. 14 there was no evidence of such transmission.
This article terrifyingly sums up the UK's response to #covid19UK. "The British government did not listen. We had two months to get prepared for large-scale tests in the population, contact tracing and quarantine, to be like Guangzhou rather than Wuhan."  …
The Dems, Fake News and globalists have carefully planned their hype on the Wuhan/China Virus. When the Impeachment HOAX didn't work, they needed a new political attack on Trump. In addition, the Hype HOAX is allowing Dems to create a more government controlled society.
After a long depressing winter, spring has arrived in Wuhan. An alumni shared a picture of Wuhan University, which usually attracts thousands of visitors during cherry blossom season. We are living in a world where people are fighting virus while flowers are blooming. 
Average social contacts in Wuhan declined from 15 per day to 2 after COVID-19 control measures went in. Reproduction number (R) is proportional to contact rate, so this change in social behaviour let to a dramatic reduction in  below the R=1 threshold for control  …
Media Embarrassing Themselves Over Trump's Use Of 'Chinese Virus' The mainstream media’s ranks are populated by biased hacks who don’t care half as much about reporting accurately on the Wuhan coronavirus as they care about making Trump seem like a racist  …
Beijing must be held accountable for the Wuhan virus. Read more here:  …
While the Wuhan Virus was spreading YOU suspended all House Intelligence Committe Classified Briefings related to everything except impeachment. From July thru February, WHEN YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN FOCUSED ON THE VIRUS INTELLIGENCE BRIEFINGS YOU WERE SOLELY FOUCSED ON IMPEACHMENT!
Can someone please tell me the names of the hospitals in NT, CA, and WA that are currently filled/overrun with Wuhan virus patients?
Rockefeller, Globalization and the World Health Organization against Trump Taiwanese health officials alerted WHO about the Wuhan coronavirus' transmission between humans back in December but the organization failed to alert countries around the world.  …
Straight after Six One, Irish doctors & their counterparts from China explore what we might learn from ground zero of #COVID-19. @mcculld presents “Lessons from Wuhan”, 6.30pm @RTENewsNow & on-demand 
Just how did that Virus spread in Wuhan??? 
Here's the amazing story of the plague in Kashmir during November 1903 - August 1904. Quarantine was used and it has other striking parallels with the current Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic. Must read, from  …
#China state media report a Chinese vaccine is being tested on humans. Volunteers from the epicenter Wuhan between ages of 18-60 have received the injection. ( #China has indicated it wants to win the global race for a #coronavirus vaccine.)  …
Hajdu praises China for locking down Wuhan without mentioning that they covered #Covid_19 up for months and didn’t shut down travel. Once they left the initial Chernobyl style lying stage they mobilized impressively but we should be careful with 
...more details, @JohnCornyn & @NRO: 12/26 was first time a doctor suspected the clusters of illness they were seeing at a single hospital wasn't just a strong pneumonia. She reported it to her hospital, which reviewed her data and contacted Wuhan health authorities on 12/28...
Two months into coronavirus lockdown, her online diary is a window into life and death in Wuhan  …
We indians have more potential than china‍ Am running off to Wuhan ..Will clap from there on Janata curfew 
What globalists have failed to acknowledge for over 30 years is that when  to supply chains vital to national security a degree of autarky is essential. As the Wuhan virus paralyzes country after country, we are re-learning this simple truth the hard way. @GrayConnolly
POLL: How should China pay for LYING about the Wuhan Virus?
Something is not right..... We are into this virus crisis for weeks here in America and we have only 267 Wuhan Virus related deaths..... This virus is affecting the health of the American economy more then people..
Did u know the Left is upset with the do nothing Dems? Me either! But they r! Bigtime! @realDonaldTrump keeps on #WINNING! HuffPo Reporter: The Democrats' Response to the Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Has Been Disastrous  … #trumptrain1111 #WWG1WGA
Italy needs more supports. China sent 40,000 doctors and nurses to save Wuhan City. Now there are 300 Chinese doctors in Italy, but far from enough; language is also a problem. Other EU countries should do more; to save Italy is to save yourselves!
Has Huffington Post put out an article about how those hardest hit by the Wuhan Virus are Undocumented Trans people of Color yet? Hint: And it's probably Trump's fault.
Public approval of how POTUS is handling the Chinese Wuhan Kung Flu has sharply increased to 55%... MSM is crediting "Trump's shift in tone". But anyone paying attention can see that it's more likely the MEDIA'S shift in tone on reporting the facts over their need to bash Trump.  …
On the far side of this crisis, a fairer question to ask is: Where were our exalted intelligence agencies in early December when it first broke in Wuhan? Did they know? If not why did they miss it? Did they tell @POTUS? Is #China telling the truth about no new  …
What was going on in WUHAN? Why nobody in whole world saw  This has led to Global lockdown, People losing lives &  down. Why no action on China for this criminal act? #ChineseCoronaVirus #ChinaVirus 
My husband tried to get EI on Thursday, he runs his own business in our home and his clients have cancelled or put hiring freezes on due to WUHAN. His business was already suffering because of Groper’s policies but now its dead. My husband was denied EI yet has paid into it!  …
"Not one of the 42,000 health workers sent to Wuhan is known to have  infected with the coronavirus. The U.S. isn’t protecting health workers with the same determination; it seems to be betraying them."  … via @nytimes @NickKristof #coronavirus
“I’M FROM WUHAN AND I SAY INFECT THEM ALL.” 
EDITORIAL | Viral untruths I: No one should be too shy to say: The Chinese Communist Party dictatorship disastrously botched in its handling of the initial Wuhan outbreak. A coverup cost precious time and countless lives. 
Great @NewYorker piece by Dr. @Atul_Gawande. In Wuhan, healthcare workers were infected w/ #SARSCoV2 at 3X the rate of the pop & were a major source of further transmission. Here’s how we can stop it. #1: Test! Read on. #COVID19 #StayHome  …
51 Goals 22 Assists European Golden Boot UCL Golden Boot Most knockout Goals Most Freekicks but Dan 23 years of age from Wuhan,China is judging his season based on one game in which he was his team's best player and created 3 clear cut chances  …
I haven't heard from @MatthewFoldi in a while. I think he prob caught that 'Rona. The Boomer remover. Foldi is gone, he's only Yung Wuhan now.
Twitter continuing its practice of banning posters for being informative or correct, in this case @howroute who was one of the early people getting info out of Wuhan. Here’s an archive from 2/11:  …
James Rosen Drops Bombshell Report That the CDC 'Lied' to the White House About Wuhan Virus Testing. Pretty damning info and evidence. Hopeful the CDC owns up to this misstep but know this is doubtful. History however will fully expose everything.  …
Chinese army paying salute to the doctors who worked hard in wuhan infighting against 
The other drug is a failed Ebola pipeline medication that was rebranded as an anti-coronaviral in a study published just before the outbreak by literally the exact same lab that created those chimeric SARS-like coronaviruses back in 2015 in collaboration w Wuhan Institute.  …
If they were just being super-correct about where the virus came from, they'd call it the Wuhan Virus. But that just isn't racist enough.
What's wrong with US politicians?? None of them seem aware that US scientists have already visited Wuhan during the outbreak   …
Wuhan experience tells us that the outbreak can be controlled with mitigation and suppression. There were three phases: Rt from 3.88 (no intervention) to Rt=1.25 (mitigation [Jan. 23-Feb. 1, traffic ban, home quarantine]) to Rt=0.32 (Feb. 2-18; centralized quarantine). 
F.- Dr. Fauci, why did you fund a research, in 2015, together with the Science Foundation of China, to produce a lethal CoronaVirus, and two Scientists of the Wuhan Virology Lab were on that Team? cc: @ChanelRion , @realDonaldTrump
China Lied, People Died If you do not like 'Chinese Virus', then instead of 'Chinese' should it not be: •Wuhan food •Wuhan checkers •Wuhan language •Wuhan Dragon •Made in Wuhan •Wuhan embassy •Wuhan restaurant •Wuhan Duck •Wuhan virus . @marklevinshow . 
Obvious qsns nobody is asking: 1)If Patient 0 was in Wuhan  there was no outbreak in Shanghai & Beijing which r right next door but Italy Iran UK & even USA r reeling? 2)How is Wuhan miraculously 100% free of #WuhanVirus? Bcz #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
New Polls Show a Clear Majority of Americans Approve of President Trump's Handling of the Wuhan Virus Pandemic 
In Wuhan, clinicians were infected at 3 TIMES the rate of the general population. How can we keep healthcare workers seeing patients— instead of  patients? 1. PPE 2. Separate #COVID19 patients & care teams 3. Social distance—even in hospitals  …
MSM & Democrats Continue to Self-Identify as Enemies of the People During the Wuhan Virus Crisis. They are truly despicable people for cynically exploiting a serious public health crisis for political purposes.  …
Liberals, I have a new book to help explain the Wuhan even you can understand 
Interesting modeling study (pre-print) looks at social mixing patterns in Wuhan and Shanghai pre- and post- implementation of social distancing measures, and effects on coronavirus spread.  …
Catching up with yesterday. @HelenBranswell wrote re: @mlipsitch "there was a 4-week lag between the shutdown of Wuhan and the overwhelming of critical care units. 'So if you wait till you see a problem, then you have another month of agony, at least.'"  …
Dr? AZITHROMYCIN has been used quite effectively  acquired pneumonia and has been shown to have a poorly understood anti-inflammatory effect. Pt’s infected with the Wuhan virus develop pneumonia. Trump is reporting what the experts are telling him.
anyone spreading this racist bullshit can catch these hands anyone claiming Canada isn't deeply, deeply racist can also catch these hands seriously if chinese virus or wuhan virus or kung-flu is in your vocab just go ahead and unfollow/block me.  …
And... three of the most prominent citizen journalists who were reporting what was actually happening in Wuhan have mysteriously disappeared.  …
"I can't go to sleep because I keep having bad dreams that something is happening to my family." A South African woman has described her experience of being stuck in her room in Wuhan, China since the initial #coronavirus outbreak. Read her story here:  
The first #Coronavirus case was at the beginning of December 2019 in Wuhan, China. Today, China said there have been no new cases for three days. Is it over in China? Probably not, but it could be the beginning of the end. There's hope here for us all!
Apparently I'm a white supremacist now because I refuse to follow along with Chinese Communist propaganda that is designed to absolve themselves of blame for this pandemic. What say you about Asians calling it the Wuhan virus?   …
The reason why Joe Biden is able to lie about this unchallenged is because journalists perpetrated the lie themselves. Media Deliberately Distort Trump’s Wuhan Virus Advice To Governors About Ventilator Purchases  …
LOL CCP promotion: 1. Wuhan virus is because Chinese eat bats 2. Wuhan virus is caused by American soldiers 3. Wuhan virus is because of Italy
He only shared what he saw and what he heard. Now he is probably under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 43 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
Movie producer Manish Mundra pledges Rs 3 crores to secure 70 ventilators amidst the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak  …
“Contact surveys data for Wuhan and Shanghai before and during the outbreak and contact tracing information from Hunan Province. Daily contacts were reduced 7-9 fold during the COVID-19 social distancing period”  
Wuhan death rate now estimated at 1.4%.  …
Schiff has a new bone: Chinese Wuhan Virus BTW where is that DEFINITIVE PROOF of @realDonaldTrump colluding with the  …
Good #SaturdayMorning May God Bless US Multiple doctors and staff of Planned Parenthood have tested positive for the Chinese Wuhan Virus, As business shuts down why is it so important to keep killing babies.  …
Attention #Italy! After blaming #USArmy for bringing #CCPVirus #COVID2019 to #Wuhan, #CCP is trying to shift responsibility to you, saying your top expert Giuseppe Remuzzi said that #coronavirus symptoms appeared in Italy earlier than in #China. Report:  
China is, of course, lying. We should under no circumstances believe the propaganda of Xi Jingping and the Beijing regime. Their cruelty guaranteed Coronavirus would infect Wuhan, China and the world.  …
I gave an updated zoom talk on "Learning from 26,000 COVID-19 cases in Wuhan" at the Broad Institute on Friday, March 20. Here is the recording. It provides several updated take home messages and priorities.  
There is nothing more disgusting to me than Dems hoping that no treatment for the Wuhan Virus works. They are literally cheering on the deaths of Americans and the destruction of our economy. They would rather see people die than see Trump successfully navigate this disaster.
On Jan 25 President Trump tweeted to appreciate and thank China's efforts & transparency. The same day US StateDept started to withdraw its consulate in Wuhan. On Feb 2 the travel ban was applied to China. What have you done since then? Scapegoating China doesn't help.  …
Wuhan virus Chinese virus Corona virus Covid19 Conora sub corola ...That is the correct official name as approved by the Trident Queen; Tacha 
We need better data before we take drastic measures (like ruin millions of people's livelihoods) to fight the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
#CCPVirus doesn't stop corruption. Security guards exposed to #COVID2019 patients $their payments get embezzled. At the quarantine center of Zhixing College of #Hubei University in #Wuhan (to be continued) #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
A new study estimates that 1.4% of people with COVID-19 symptoms died in Wuhan. That suggests the overall fatality rate in the U.S. is likely to be much lower than many people feared.  … via @reason
WHO: #Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation can be turned around 
Shelter in Place does have a Silver Lining: 9 months from now, America’s sagging, aging population will get a serious boost! It will take some getting used to so many children named Covid and Wuhan!
This hilarious woman obviously has kids home due to the Wuhan Virus.  …
You may not know that Wuhan Health Commission issued a notice on December 31? Please take some time to understand the situation before you speak.  …
Trump is correct! The virus came from China, they tried to cover it up and allowed millions to leave Wuhan =FACT #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied China Thanks HRC For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using “Racist Rhetoric” For Saying “Chinese  …
The Trump Administration failed to act. The first known case of the virus in Wuhan was Nov 17, 2019. China reported the unfolding epidemic to WHO on December 31. By Jan 24, 2020, Chinese doctors had published details in international journals. For 2 months, Trump did nothing.
Thanks to the derranged media, thousands of Liberal NPCs are now opposed to "false hope" about eradicating the Wuhan Virus. Don't believe me, read  Enemy of the People.  …
Taiwan succeeded in preventing spread of the coronavirus because while autocratic Beijing censored the Wuhan doctors who early on warned us of the new dangerous disease (no bad news allowed), democratic Taiwan heeded their call and acted upon it.  
Democrats Play Politics, Try to Shoehorn Climate Change Provisions Into Wuhan Virus Relief Bill  …
China let this SPREAD Worldwide by trying to SAVE FACE. BIG FAIL Footage of Wuhan Virus Patients in Italian Hospital Seems is a PNEUMONIA inducing VIRUS especially hard on Elderly & those with underlying Medical conditions PLEASE PRAY 
Is it just a coincidence or it's really what #China Did "The Eyes of Darkness" a novel by American writer Dean Koontz, released in 1981 was describing some biological virous named "Wuhan-400" from page no 353 to 356 and it is same as #Covid_19 
A couple random thoughts on the Wuhan Virus economic depression. 1. We are a country run by absolute idiots at every level of government. There's almost a 100% chance that every politician you see lamenting a ventilator shortage today spent (1/x)
#Chinese civil aviation hero Captain Liu Chuanjian operated the #Sihuan Airlines plane that carried frontline medical personnel to #Wuhan, and today he will also be the one to bring them home. 
“Can you imagine how great and safe our country would be if America treated the Illegal Alien Pandemic in the same way we are treating the Wuhan Virus Pandemic” -Kate Steinle
Beijing’s attempts to elude blame for the Wuhan virus will backfire  …
James Rosen Drops Bombshell Report That the CDC 'Lied' to the White House About Wuhan Virus Testing  …
COVID-19 Narrative Mirage #3: ‘China Virus’ or ‘Wuhan Virus’ is racist. The dominant context that matters here for decades  is geopolitical, not racial.
Canada is facing an Apocalyptic series of crisis Protest Blockades Stock market crash Oil price collapse Wuhan Virus 500,000 job loss CDN crash Next  1 million job loss Bankrupt industries Healthcare collapse Housing meltdown Fasten your seatbelt
The wildlife trade has gone from being an expedient of the backcountry to a luxury for the rich — the seafood market in Wuhan sells live wolf pups, bamboo rats, civets and more  
Today's Wuhan botanical garden. Photos from my old schoolmates. For 3 consecutive days, there has been no new confirmed case in Wuhan, the epicenter of #Covid_19 outbreak in 
If this had happened in like 1952 I promise China would have just dropped a few A bombs on Wuhan and been like. “We were conducting atomic tests”
Can you imagine if this Joe guy @JoeBiden was POTUS? So tell me Joe, how do you think the Chinese Virus traveled from Wuhan China to the US and all over the world? By hotair balloon? Through fortune cookies? Thank God @realDonaldTrump is my President.  …
A new study estimates that 1.4% of people with COVID-19 symptoms died in Wuhan. That suggests the overall fatality rate in the U.S. is likely to be much lower than many people feared.  … via @reason
#COVIDー19 Cumulative deaths due to the #coronavirus Wuhan went into lockdown when the total number of deaths was 25 Spain declared a state of emergency when the total number of deaths was 196 Italy's Lombardy went into lockdown when the total number of deaths was 463 
Stock the basic items, reasonably, of course. I think the country will be on lockdown soon. The coronavirus infection cases are escalating at a fast clip. I believe in protecting the downside. Govt’s being advised by China; Wuhan had a total lockdown. Not rocket science.
“I don’t believe this number – I think it’s safer to keep staying at home,” Wen Ji, Wuhan resident uncertain after #China reports zero new in-country #coronavirus cases for 3 days. Wen confirmed to @SCMPNews the epicenter is dismantling some  …
This is a checklist  in lockdown. It doesn't mean Wuhan did it 'better' or 'worse' - but their outbreak began much earlier that most of the world's, and this is their experience to offer:  …… #COVID19 @DrTedros @doctorsoumya @DrSenait
When it used to be OK to refer to the virus as the Wuhan Chinese virus-  …
Damn you wuhan!!!!  …
Democrats Continue to Self-Identify as Enemies of the People During the Wuhan Virus Crisis  …
“Even among children younger than 16, coronavirus may affect boys more than girls. In a recent report on 171 children and adolescents who were treated for COVID-19 at the Wuhan Children’s Hospital, 61% were male.”  …
A medical team from Yunnan Province has been working in Wuhan, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak, for a month. Click to watch what their daily life is like. 
#China A residential district in #Wuhan sends out an apple for each household. 
This pandemic reminds us we are HUMAN BEINGS, not human "doings" - as we're forced away from business as usual, the skies over Wuhan are clearer and less polluted, the waters of Venice are clear and fish-filled - homo "sapiens" attack on the world is temporarily abated. #StayHome
Wuhan Coronavirus: Ignoring social distancing appeal, Muslims continue to gather in large numbers to offer Friday Namaaz  …
I hope everyone is staying safe from the Chinese Wuhan Virus which began in China and is the fault of China! #ChineseVirus
Dr. Anthony Fauci, feels like a Deep State plant, who managed to convince local and state politicians and businesses to deliberately sabotage the economy. @sean_spicier is correct. The DNC/media politicization of the Wuhan Virus is simply the rider to their insurance policy.  
The origin of Case #1 CoronaVirus is Wuhan China. The epicenter was in Wuhan China. Chinese claimed it came from a Chinese food market in Wuhan transferred to humans by a bat or a rat, where they house their bio warfare lab. Our Politician's & MSM sold America to China.
In Feb 2020, the Pakatan Harapan government donated 18 million pieces of medical gloves to Wuhan, China. Now, when Malaysia is seeing a rapid increase of #COVID19, the Chinese government upholds the same spirit of solidarity and donated medical supplies to Sungai Buloh 
Chronology Jan 11: First death in China Jan 20: Cases in Japan, S Korea, Thailand Jan 21: Case in US Jan 23: Wuhan lockdown Jan 30: Case in India Jan 30: WHO declares emergency Feb 2: First death outside China Feb 2: 2nd case in India
As the fight against the #coronavirus draws closer to an end in #Wuhan, more volunteer medics from other parts of China bid farewell to the city, with mask-less smiling faces. They leave as spring sets into the city. 
#Wuhan park opens its doors free of charge for medical workers providing support in Hubei province 
So sad to see this. Chinese medical staff went through exactly the same in Wuhan. Two months ago.  …
Chinese Communist Party dictator Xi Jinping is personally responsible for the human and economic destruction occurring in our country and the rest of the world from the Wuhan virus. And he should be held to account.  …
gave an updated zoom talk on "Learning from 26,000 COVID-19 cases in Wuhan" at the Broad Institute on Friday, March 20. Here is the recording. It provides several updated take home messages and priorities. A summary is given below.  
People with flu rarely go to the hospital. 20% of Wuhan Flu people need intensive care.
TB Joshua is suggesting that the rains in Wuhan are wiping the Corona virus, he said on the 27th it will all be over... We tracking it. 
An OW fan sent these to me. He is one of the heroes supporting Wuhan from Shanxi province. The note pinned on him says, Meiling Zhou: Our world is worth fighting for! I know he is not the only one. There must be many OW fans, Blizzard fans fighting for our world. Thank you! 
Ashwini Patil, Satara based girl who came back from Wuhan, shares how everything panned out in her journey from Wuhan to India. ( @PoojaShali) 
Why are we calling it Covid-19 or Coronavirus and not Chinese Virus or Wuhan Virus? Had China contained it or conveyed the world immediately, many lives could’ve been saved. The world should demand accountability from China. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
CONSPIRACY THEORY: Someone told me that the newly built hospital in Wuhan was actually built to cover the data of people dying due to COVID-19. In the middle of it was a crematory where people were cremated immediately. Possible. Possible.
Michael Hayden, owned by China, refuses to acknowledge that the Wuhan Virus originated in Wuhan, China, and calls the Acting Director of the ODNI, thus cementing him as a traitor to America too, because attacking the  is the worst thing you can do.  …
14.5 million missing mobile phones of China are found in 1 crematorium of Wuhan. Dead can't take their phones with them. But China said that out of 80,967 only 3,248 died. So, China lied in their official figure? #ChinaWuhanVirus via 
We fear what we have seen in Wuhan and Lombardy, but we risk creating­ the economic misery of Pyongyang to stave it off.  …
Chinese people in Western countries are fazed by the idea of wearing #facemasks outdoors, because some foreigners believe whoever wears face masks is infected. This, not #Wuhan lockdown, is the real violation of #HumanRights.  
Both Italy and the US first started reporting coronavirus deaths in early March. Italy now has 4,032 deaths. The US has 276. And the US population is 5.5x Italy’s population. The Wuhan workers in N. Italy vs travel restriction between the US and China explain this difference.
Exactly! This has been a blind spot from day one & continues - the People's Republic of China - a Communist government - has not been truthful and remains less than transparent... plus now engaging in a propaganda campaign to hide the origins of the coronavirus as Wuhan China...  …
This wuhan is gonna force alot of people to do things they should already be doing like doing their own nails, doing their own hair, cooking their own food, and watching their own kids.
It's great to see all branches of government in  together to deal with the Wuhan Virus emergency. Sad then to have Supreme Court of India frustrate police efforts to clear public places of political demonstrators in Delhi even though this threatens public health.
Your husband & the PM were notified about Wuhan cluster of bilateral pneumonia at latest in early Jan; told about lack of preparedness in 2011, 2016, & 2018. Ignored docs, virologists, & epidemiologists. “Herd immunity” insane. Where are the tests?!! PPE for staff??
- @airindiain & Indian Airlines did Kuwait airlift in 1990.They went to Yemen in 2015 -Operation Rahat.They went to Wuhan & are now going to Rome. Catch any Private Airline doing that . @HardeepSPuri wants to sell it and take away their jobs. He should reconsider  …
Well that will make it the 5th colleague of China's coronavirus whistle-blower that died of the disease at a hospital in Wuhan. Don’t let the media fool  China arrested doctors trying to warn the world about what was happening in Wuhan  …
Once again a totalitarian regime tries to hide reality and the world pays the price. Wuhan is today’s Chernobyl.
Coronavirus: fireworks in Wuhan as checkpoints are taken down, other cities in China ease controls  …
Ten’s of thousands of Wuhan textile workers work in Northern Italy. Many of these workers flew home for the Chinese New Year in January, and brought the virus back with them to Italy. Italy got heavily seeded. Contagion rapidly spread before distancing awareness could kick in.
counterpoint: SARS was largely contained internationally not b/c of warmer weather, but agressive suppression after HK sent out a global red flag. Everyone who had it was tracked and quarantined. This could have been contained in early January to a few districts in Wuhan.  …
China locked down #Wuhan situation is under control, Italy didn’t take it serious initially, despite best medical facilities the epidemic is now out of control, death toll is rising to an alarming level. Timely action can save lives! 
#Wuhan, people queuing up outside a hospital. And keep seeing notices warn about new cases in residential areas. Netizens: Fxxking #CCP, lying to the Chinese & the world. The #coronavirus outbreak is far from over. 2nd wave already 
Jamia Coordination Committee invites people to mark 100 days of protest amidst Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak, to be joined by Shaheen Bagh ‘Dadis’  …
This can be controlled and the example is none other than the originator Wuhan. 
No Kenyan in China was infected with coronavirus including students & acrobats in Wuhan, China. “We're happy that none of our citizens was infected by the deadly virus. We are grateful to the Almighty God for bringing us this far,” Ambassador Sarah Serem. #NationalDayOfPrayer
A thread on Coronavirus & how China lied to world: Timeline: 10.12.19- 1st patient reported ill 16.12.19- Admitted in hospital with infection in both lungs 27.12.19- China gets info about Coronavirus 30.12.19- Top whistleblower 'silenced' in Wuhan 31.12.19- 27 cases in Wuhan
Chinese Red Cross Chief Executive, says Italy not doing enough to lockdown. Only 1 month  lockdown did Wuhan province in China hospitals manage to start coping with crisis. We needs to learn from mistakes of others. Irelands need a lockdown #coronavirus  …
“The trend line in American Wuhan Virus  to total infections continues to be grounds for cautious optimism.”  …
This is precisely the reason @airindiain should not be sold to a private player -it has a rich history of evacuations (1990 Kuwait; 2020-Wuhan)whenever Nation demanded & Indians stranded abroad needed to be evacuated-BJP Govt must have a rethink on selling our national carrier  …
Admittedly, 1st Wave (Containtment), WE knew we cant 'isolate' our rakyat frm the novel Coronavirus. Cant ban travellers. But Wuhan itself was lockdown 23 Jan, then Wenzhou & Zhejiang by 3rd Feb. "Aggressive Contct Tracing, isolated-treated: 22 +ve, 20 dischrged wt 2 in d ward.
"We're like neighbors who care for each other": Medic from Shanghai recalls her working experience in a temporary hospital in Wuhan. #coronavirus 
Brothers and sisters, I understand that you want to run away to your parents who live elsewhere amidst the Wuhan Kung Flu pandemic. However, be responsible and stick to where you are. Or you could get them all killed. Stay where you are, it's the best you can do right now.
Breaking: The Actual Number of New Cases in Wuhan Is At Least 22 Times Greater Than the “official data”  via @Gnews202064
Just how naive & delusional must one be to fall for chinese propaganda. They have effectively shut down the entire planet after deploying their virus fidayeens to all the parts of the globe. People of wuhan were just collateral damage. While the world suffers, china consolidates
#adrenochrome #AdrenochromeWithdrawal #AdrenochromeHarvesting #AdrenochromeVirus #RachelChandler #Qanon #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE #WWGIWGA Watch "Liberals LOSING THIER MINDS Over ADRENACHROME Shortage: Wuhan WHITE RABBIT C0V-FeFe 'Coincidences'" on YouTube 
So two anti-CAA "protesters" at Jahangirpuri in Delhi have tested positive for Wuhan Coronavirus. Remember : Anti-CAA protesters dragged the life out of a 40 day old baby, slowly and painfully. They have no mercy. They want the whole nation to perish. Shame!
Where would the world be today if Chinese authorities had heeded rather than censored the Wuhan medical whistleblowers who in December tried to warn us of the coronavirus threat. The censorship gave the virus a disastrous three-week head start.  
Communist China Is Not Our Friend... THEY Want To Keep This Coverup QUIET! Wuhan Lab Identified COVID-19 As a Highly Contagious VIRUS Similar to SARS in late Dec Ordered To Stop Tests & Destroy Samples! Proof Is There, But They Would Rather Blame U.S.  …
Posts claiming presence of swans, dolphins in canals of Venice after Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak turns out to be misleading  …
Oh, you started lab after that in Wuhan? #ChinaVirus  …
The National Guard arriving at Bergen County Community College as they open New Jersey’s first drive through testing for the Wuhan coronavirus 
A Pakistani student from wuhan China has message for everyone. No govt can succeed unless it’s people cooperate with them. #COVID2019 
The world needs to watch and learn from what happens in Wuhan once restrictions are lifted. You cannot do more to suppress the virus than has been done there. Will cases pick up again, or the outbreak be kept under control?  …
The Maryland National Guard where they are setting tents in the parking lot of the FedEx Field. This is a Wuhan coronavirus testing site 
California National Guard in Huntington Beach. To assist in food banks and possible testing sites for Wuhan coronavirus 
The current Wuhan Corona virus issues underscores the importance of building a business with monthly automatic recurring  Aweber & Interserver just billed me anyway. Namecheap too a few days ago. I saw a gym trainer who now teaches his students from home via livestream.
I know we Nigerians love our life and don’t take insane risks with it. However, this is a good opportunity for anyone who it fits. Coronavirus is over in the city & life is picking up. Wuhan Uni is one of the best in the world and really great for int’l students. Just my 5 cents.
A coronavirus hospital in Wuhan is having video conference with the Italian National Institute of Health and Science on Ageing, sharing experience of fighting Covid-19  – at 武汉市第一医院
'Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation can be turned around,' says the World Health Organization.  …
Wuhan University is offering fully funded scholarships for Master and PhD studies in China.  and Medical insurance is also provided. Application is FREE. Nigerians are eligible. The deadline has been extended to April 20th 2020.  …
Delhi: Jahangirpuri anti-CAA protest organizer tests positive for Wuhan Coronavirus after meeting his infected sister  …
An 87-year-old COVID-19 patient and his doctor, Liu Kai, watch the sunset on their way back from a CT scan on Thursday at Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University in Hubei province. This epic pic already viral...it's known as the last sunset .it was the death wish of that pt. 
Guys learning is good, but  Why Italy is at centre of COVID. They had huge number of Chinese workers, that too from Wuhan region. The spread has been from the source and not stopping direct flights in time
Chinese bought up Italy’s garment industry for the “Made in Italy” label apparently. Flights daily from Wuhan to Lombardy. Workers returning after Chinese New Year were probably bringing the virus from its lethal origins. Awful.
Update: in the original book the bioweapon had a very Russian-like name, "Gorki-400". It was changed to "Wuhan-400" in later editions.
Kristina Shramko has been living on lockdown in Wuhan for almost 2 months, with strict restrictions on everyday life. Her advice to the rest of the world now battling the #coronavirus? “It’s better to be safe than sorry." 
'China has a history of mishandling outbreaks, including SARS in 2002 & 2003. But Chinese leaders’ negligence in December & January—for well over a month after the first outbreak in Wuhan—far surpasses those bungled responses.'  …
China built 3 huge hospitals in 10 days in Wuhan to fight Corona Chinese PM was at hospital construction site. Ask BJP sympathisers journalists what has India's PM done, answer is - Modi has given a fantastic speech! #Ashok_Swain 
One ENT surgeon dead in the UK, one in the ICU "ENT specialists are particularly prone to virus exposure...Experience from Wuhan shows that ENT and Ophthalmology doctors are particularly badly affected" Laryngeal procedures = aerosol generation Tracheostomies = high risk 
The virus outbreak's epicentre of Wuhan in China reported no new or suspected cases again for a 3rd consecutive day China on Saturday reported 41 new cases detected over the previous 24 hours, all among people travelling from overseas, and another 7 deaths, six of them in Wuhan.
Did the Corrupt Globalist @WHO World Health Organization Lie About the Spread of Wuhan Coronavirus to Protect Communist China?  …
Local health authority in #NewZealand on Saturday apologized for using a pamphlet calling #COVID19 the “Wuhan Coronavirus,” and said the outdated flyer was only used early in the outbreak and the virus’ name was soon changed.  
Two things will happen with humanity after the war on the Wuhan virus outbreak is won - people and nations will get closer or they will install walls and keep each other further apart. Through history, humanity has always chosen to do the later, so I am not holding out hope.
Once again, unlike Wuhan which was ambushed, India has two full month's to prep this konda stuff. There is no excuse for such  when every other govt in the world has managed to do better by its citizens.  …
#Breaking: #China injected its first #coronavirus #vaccine to volunteers on Saturday. The first group of volunteers for the experiment is limited to permanent residents in #Wuhan, aged between 18 and 60 years old. 
#Wuhan, the epicenter of #COVID19 outbreak in China, provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation of COVID-19 can be turned around, WHO chief said Friday.  
China zero new cases? This looks familiar during the peak of #ChineseVirus pandemic in Wuhan - people dropping dead on the street 
5 million people from Wuhan, the epicentre of Coronavirus, had left the city before China put stringent restrictions in place: Report  … via @OpIndia_com
Govt has moved admirably on many counts to counter #Coronavirus but this decision is questionable."Apart from Pakistan & Nepal (who didnt fly them from Wuhan)India is only country refusing to take back its own nationals, people who are paying their own way  flights"  …
#China and the #WHO's chief: Hold them both accountable for pandemic Tedros turned a blind eye to what happened in #Wuhan & in China & after meeting with Xi in January, has helped China to play down the severity & scope of the #coronavirus  …
Interesting article about #Covid_19 serum therapies by an American professor in Wuhan, China. National Health Commission of the Peoples Republic of China - "91/157 patients treated with convalescent serum showed clinical improvement within 48 hours."  …
Chinese Wuhan Infected @Andy. Let that sink in...  …
"about 50% of the [...]studied out of Wuhan had presented diarrhea even before respiratory symptoms showed up. The virus is in the stool. And it’s possible after using the bathroom we can contaminate a door nob a table top....”  … #putdownthelid #WashHands
This is NOT Wuhan, China. This is SUKKUR. Corona quarantine center established by Govt of Sindh !! 
Thank you Chinese News Service (too racist?) for tweeting American news outlets their daily talking points. The epitome of "Full transparency." #ThankYouChina for the #WuhanVirus you created. You spread it to your people & infected. the. entire. world. #Wu who? Wuhan, China.  …
Dear Hulk, Stop acting like  dumb*** and get your facts straight!! First off, Chinese is not a race, it's a nationality. Second, the virus originated from Wuhan, China! Nothing scientific to figure out there. Please stick to acting, because your mind is already stupid
Some businesses allowed to re-open in Wuhan, no new cases for 3rd straight day  … #AWANInews #AWANI745 
No new coronavirus cases in Wuhan for third straight day.  …
Beijing’s Claim of No New Infections Contradicts Reality on the Ground  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CoronaVirus #CCPVirus
Last nigh i watched a very moving documentary on BBC as how the people of Wuhan nearly won the war against coronavirus due to lock down. If you get a chance please watch.
5 million people from Wuhan, the epicentre of Coronavirus, had left the city before China put stringent restrictions in place: Report  …
The National Guard has been helping out with the Wuhan coronavirus just as they have with other emergencies. They are patriots. You can follow @USNationalGuard for more info. You can also check out their webpage. Replace fear with knowledge. 
Viruses are categorized by family, named according to origin. For example, HIV is in the “retrovirus” family.  cold is a “coronavirus.” The Chinese Bat Soup Kung Flu Sweet N Sour Sicken Chop Fluey pandemic is also in the coronavirus family, it originated in Wuhan,China
Hillary Clinton is currently on Sale during the Chinese Wuhan Virus pandemic. Hurry while she lasts! Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  … via @gatewaypundit
Video: Seven extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) machines work together in the ICU at a hospital in #Wuhan to treat seven patients simultaneously, as the hardest-hit city shifts its focus to treating critically ill patients amidst the easing #COVID19 
#PoliticsKillsScience in #Hongkong. Medical academic retracts published piece entitled 《 #Pandemic originates in #Wuhan, 17-year (SARS) lesson forgotten》 due to tide of negative political response. Yuen Kwok Yung had blamed CRUDE Mainland Chinese culture of eating wild life 
I honestly want to know your thoughts: When you know for sure the CCP lied about the spreading of Wuhan Pneumonia and made up figures in early January. What makes you believe that the same government is now providing honest statistics now?
“Expert guidance” from who?! The morons pushing the “1619 project” myth? From rich white liberals on the CCP payroll saying “wuhan coronavirus” is “racist.” Get a grip, I can’t stop laughing at these fools. They are bankrolled by globalists. They don’t make any actual money.
Wuhan reported no new coronavirus cases for the third straight day. In Hubei, the province Wuhan is located in, some of the restrictions placed to stop coronavirus' spread have been lifted. 
China's Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation of #COVID19 can be turned around, #WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a briefing on 
But there's more. On 12/23, hours before the outbreak in Wuhan, Putin and Xi announced an unprecedented partnership on all things science-related—designating 2020 a year of Russia-Chinese partnership. Wouldn't Xi have told Putin of Wuhan, and Putin, Trump?  …
12/29: Putin calls Trump unexpectedly. 12/30 (NYT): "Health authorities [in Wuhan] were treating dozens of cases [of an unknown virus]...[as] an emergency notice to city hospitals was shared on social media...triggering some public panic." They could be unrelated. We don't know.
China’s barbaric practice of eating dogs, cats, panda bears, camels, reptiles some while they are alive. WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG? #ChinaVirus #Women4Trump2020 The coronavirus outbreak likely started in a Wuhan wet market: photos - Business Insider  …
This covid19 pandemic did not happen overnight. We had some lead time to invest in equipment and people. We knew about Wuhan and Italy's experience.  …
So, the MSM could call it the "Chinese coronavirus," the "Wuhan flu," or the "Wuhan virus" back in December, but NOW it's racist? @TheLaurenChen says sit 
I’m surprised that no one has named their new born as “Corona” or “Covid19” or “Wuhan”, just because they were born during this time.
We saw our first Chinese Wuhan Flu patient, in the entire state, die today. Arizona Population is 7,000,000 He was 50 with Underlying health issues RIP to that gentleman 1 person out of 7,000,000 and we shut the entire State down Am I missing something?
Front-line medical staff dancing to Beyoncé in Wuhan China, the country’s epicenter for coronavirus. 
Thanks for putting this thought out. Just last night I wondered what's happening in the Africas! Are they being ignored by the Wuhan Virus or by the Media Virus!
I do not expect the current quarantine efforts to have anything close to the impact observed in Wuhan. We are politely asking people to stay home and wash their hands. They forced every marginally sick person into impromptu housing isolated far from the public...  …
We had Hanoi Jane now we have Wuhan Hill. Nice Job Hillary (sarcasm).
Name the last virus that infected 90% of the world in a few months? This is panic hysteria, not justified science. The Diamond Princess was a perfect petri dish for infection, yet 82% were never infected. 95% of those in close contact w/ infected in Wuhan tested negative.  …
If you have no influence, if they can just ignore you, then you are as powerless as Wuhan citizens were
At least some are stating the obvious TRUTH about the Globalist controlled establishments like the CDC & WHO... #TheMoreYouKnow James Rosen Drops Bombshell Report That the CDC ‘Lied’ to the White House About Wuhan Virus Testing  …
To all of you Wuhan Virus and Chinese Virus truthers out there, get back to me when they change the website. In the meantime, wash your hands, be safe and slow the spread. 
A Wuhan Institute of Virology study found that the drug can kill an adult just dosed at twice the daily amount  for treatment. Short-term side effects incl nausea, diarrhea & tinnitus while long-term use can irreversibly impair eyesight.  …
A nurse attends to a baby with COVID-19 at an isolation ward of Wuhan Children's Hospital in China. More images from the coronavirus frontline:  China 
Are we to believe that they are telling the truth..NOW? Or a version of the " Wuhan truth" at the very beginning of the crisis and THE doctor *air quotes* died?
I think it has to do with #adrenachrome, #Wuhan and it could explain why the world is dealing with the #CoronaCrisis. #Covid_19 #WWG1WGA #QAnon #GreatAwakening #SocialDistancing 
Live: Medics from SW China's Sichuan Province leave Wuhan after weeks of intensive work #coronavirus  …
China hid information about the Wuhan Virus. China allowed the Wuhan Virus to spread. President ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ has been right all along about China. China lied. People died. Communist China should pay for this economic destruction.  …
#coronavirus A direct account of the reality in #Wuhan, not the CCP propaganda: "70% of homes seem to be empty. No lights at night. Military in hazmat suits are still going house to house clearing rotting corpses"  …
Nope spot on France and Australia are both using the 2 drugs he is clammering for more studies. Both are showing 6 days or less the drugs kill the wuhan / Chinese Virus but he is not satisifed. An obama hold over on top of that.
Do any of you know of anyone personally who has been infected with Wuhan Coronavirus? Better yet do any of you know anyone who knows anyone who is infected with Wuhan Coronavirus? All I see are elites who don't mingle with the general population catching Coronavirus! Go figure!
How #China controls narrative. Money power & naked force. In 1 yr they will delete #Wuhan as source of #CoronaVirus. How many recall #Tiananmen? Leading Hong Kong microbiologist retracts op-ed claiming pandemic began in Wuhan  … via @scmpnews
Trump - Shut the border Media - You’re a racist Trump - Shut the border Media - You didn’t do it fast enough Media - Chinese Wuhan Virus Trump - Chinese Virus Media - You’re a racist Media - We need a leader who gives us hope Trump - Have hope Media - You are giving false hope
Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation can be turned around, says WHO chief @DrTedros. #Coronavirus  …
From the mouths of the #Chinese people regarding the actions of #china's govt handling of the #chinavirus RETWEET RETWET #SaysrytoAmerica #Wuhan #QAnon @freezebrand44 @vegasrenae @AFBranco @JohnCha75700451 @GmanFan45 @freenaynow @RealDrRusty @realDonaldTrump @bbusa617 @OANN  …
BIOLOGICAL WARFARE Created:Wuhan Institute of Virology Wuhan China Event:Military World Games Where:Wuhan China When:10/18/19 - 10/27/19 Below: #Commie 101 Accuse your enemy of what U are doing, as U are doing it to create  …
With Wuhan virus, political correctness is being ‘monetized’ for the first time ever  …
The Wuhan Virus originated in Wuhan, China. Just because you're owned by China doesn't mean everyone is.  …
Dr. Vin Gupta says states' "patchwork" approach on lockdowns is causing confusion for public health officials. "How can you actually have an effective response akin to what they did in Wuhan, if we don't do it as a country?" 
This is devastating families with medical personnel across the globe and is why I am still hurting for Wuhan even though a lot of people are doing a victory lap re: China  …
Workers disinfect Hankou railway station in Wuhan, which has been closed for 58 days due to the #coronavirus outbreak, on Friday. The transportation hub, whose reopening time is yet to be determined, can  up to 160,000 passengers in normal times. 
Taiwan has had the best response to this pandemic bc they operated under the correct assumption that China is always lying about everything. Hence they started boarding flights from Wuhan on 12/31 to do health checks & mobilized public health response. First to ban travelers from
Caixin reports that 230+ of Wuhan Central Hospital's 4000 employees are infected. Liu's husband, also a doctor, waited outside the ICU for hours before his wife passed. He'd brought her a hand-drawn birthday card from their child earlier. He's  "unrecognizably thin."
No new Covid-19 cases for a third straight day in Wuhan, here’s the latest: - South Korea reports 147 new cases - Confirmed cases in Mexico rise to more than 200 - New Zealand keeps schools open, urges limits on movement For more:  
Another Chinese hospital worker died of the coronavirus yesterday, the 5th employee death at Wuhan's Central Hospital, where Dr. Li Wenliang worked. Liu Li, a member of the hospital's  had just passed her 45th birthday this week.  …
Here's my thoughts on Coronavirus. This could very well be a biological weapon of some sort. The Chinese are accusing the US Military. Also, a Harvard professor and 2 Chinese nationals have been arrested for work they did at Wuhan University of Technology.  …
Intelligence reports known as ‘public newspapers and Youtube videos from Wuhan political elites ignored.’ The #coronavirus was not a fucking secret. I remember screaming in Feb ‘why isn’t this  pandemic part of the Dem  …
Some members of medical assistance team from Zhejiang choose to stay on the #COVID19 frontline in Wuhan, although the epidemic situation in the city has been greatly eased  
interesting article. Unlike Wuhan doctors, Italian doctors didn't carry out genome sequence on the "strange pneumonias" that they observed last year. Maybe we should give more credit to Wuhan doctors who proceeded so quickly to genome sequence COVID-19.  
NEW: Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in China, reports no new or suspected COVID-19 cases for a third consecutive day.  …
Recording of seminar from this morning at @broadinstitute - Learning from 26,000 cases of COVID-19 in Wuhan 
China. It started in Wuhan China and they tried to hide it causing it to be unleashed on the world. I just did your job and saved taxpayers millions.  …
I have a colleague stuck in Wuhan since January. The news from there is insane. 70% of homes seem to be empty. No lights at night. Military in hazmat suits are still going house to house clearing rotting corpses
The covering up by CCP obstruct the world to contain #Wuhan #CoronaCrisis We can't have the latest data about the virus, it's said to be evolved into several strains We can't predict what would happen months later in US as the figures by China is not  …
(11/x) That seems to have been one of the key steps in breaking the back of the epidemic in Wuhan. Those mass isolation centers? Now all closed down. Took about 4-6 weeks.
(8/x) In Wuhan, they stuck *all* lightly sick people in there for 14 days. Removed them from public at large. Allowed hospitals to deal with those with 
(7/x) Recognizing this problem, Chinese authorities shifted tactics in Wuhan. Within 1-2 weeks in early February, they built 20-odd mass quarantine isolation centers, able to house tens of thousands of people.
San Jose Uses Wuhan Virus Crisis to Infringe on the Second Amendment by Shutting Down Gun Stores  
Wuhan sacrificed to buy us time. Italy sacrificed to buy us time. Now 100s of millions of Americans are sacrificing their liberty, livelihoods, and wellbeing—which for some will ultimately mean sacrificing their lives—to buy us time. What are our leaders doing with this time?
Why is it that "Wuhan virus" and "Chinese flu" are considered racist names because it associates the COVID 19 virus with a specific location, but Ebola, West Nile fever, Zika, and African swine fever are all acceptable names?
1. Italy, “… very strange pneumonia, very severe … in Dec and even Nov” 2. China, On 31 Dec 2019, the WHO was informed of cases of pneumonia of unknown etiology (unknown cause) detected in Wuhan City 3. USA, on 20 Dec 2019, Influenza activity continues to be unusually high. 
Shit, now you're making me remember about the SO2 emissions in Wuhan 
China's Wuhan reports zero increase in #COVID19 cases for 3rd day  
Apologize or not, CCP must pay reparations! Chinese Communist Party’s lies about wuhan virus has killed many! The world must demand  and CCP must be punished! Chinese Envoy Refuses to Apologize for Beijing's Initial 'Cover Up'  …
Wuhan recovery gives hope to rest of world: WHO  #COVID19
You've been getting a lot of Corona related material on WA, Twitter and Facebook and it surely is a serious shit. . . Fortunately it can be stopped, Contained & the process of spreading can be minimized . Watch this sensible talk from China on How Wuhan fought it Part 1 /2 
This is not good. A majority of #COVID cases outside Hubei happened because lot of people moved out of #Wuhan before the LockDown & carried the virus with them to rest of #China. Hope 20th March does not  a watershed moment in #India's fight against  …
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital in operation to save #COVID19 patients  …
We are fighting #Wuhan & a disinformation campaign from the Communist China, Russia, & Iran. •Gun grabbers across the nation are banning purchases. •Bloomberg has dumped 18M into races for the DNC. •Digital Censorship is in full swing. Nov is not just another election.
G'Night Patriots The COVID-19 bug Originated in Wuhan, China! American must react & get back to Work to Save our Economy! If we delay our Nation’s Small Business will be Destroyed along with our jobs. All Americas must be protected but We must get back to work. Trump2020 
Not only that, the same  that he bothched the Wuhan virus response  he overdid it if it isn't a cataclysmic catastrophe.  …
One official noted that it was discussed at a meeting in the third week of January, around the time that cable traffic showed that U.S. diplomats in Wuhan were being brought home on chartered planes — a sign that the public health risk was significant.
"Enhanced screening" for #Covid_19 when I arrived in the US yesterday was filling out a form asking if: -I'm feeling ill  in contact with someone positive or someone from #Wuhan, China -Then they took my temperature This didn't boost my confidence #CoronavirusPandemic
The unvarnished truth: Xi Jinping and his  crew has caused this global economic crisis by spreading the Wuhan (Chinese) Coronavirus around the world, having shut out all information about its spread in the first 6 crucial weeks 
Chinese launched movement to say sorry to America for spreading disinformation that US Army brought the coronavirus to Wuhan 
Specifically the Italian fine leather industry in North Italy was bought out by the Chinese literally opening up direct flights from Northern Italy to Wuhan and back. A direct flight pipeline was established straight from Wuhan to send low wage workers years ago...
Mike Pompeo calls Covid-19 the “Wuhan virus”. He said this while also talking about fake  from Iran,Russia and China. Really the fake  from the crumbling American empire and the Zionist entity called Israel. The virus was also made by them and not China. 
If you followed reports from Wuhan, it was clear that a pandemic was likely -- at least from January 20. The scoop is not that they were privy to insider knowledge but their dangerous lying in public and the fact that they didn't mount a response. This will cost lives.
This is our culture: 修身，齐家，治国，平天下。 Cultivate the self, regulate the family, govern the state, then lead the world to peace. Now, these lovely people have brought peace back to Wuhan, defeated the raging virus.  …
Ghosts of Wuhan. Are they dead?  …
I'm certain that racism towards China has a lot to do with why so many Trump supporters believe what happened in Wuhan won't happen here. Americans need to get over their sense of superiority. We need to learn how to be humble. COVID-19 doesn't know about American exceptionaism.  …
Democrats Play Politics, Try to Shoehorn Climate Change Provisions Into Wuhan Virus Relief Bill  …
The city of Wuhan registered no new cases of COVID-19 in 24 hours—for the first time since reporting its first case in December in an outbreak that has gone on to infect more than 250,000 people around the world and kill more than 11,000 people.  
In Hubei (province of Wuhan), as of 3/18 there are still 6636 patients in the hospital, including 1809 severe cases and 465 critical cases. Attention focusing now on #rehab, including rehab hospitals and primary care involvement This is going to be a marathon for healthcare.
Numerous people in China infected with this Wuhan virus have tested positive then negative, then positive again, all while being fully infectious Because the Italian tested negative, you all rushed to crowd around him Tomorrow, people in this picture will start testing positive  …
Disinformation is not  from random actors around the world - but also from the Chinese Communist Party, Russia, and the Iranian regime. We must not permit these efforts to undermine our democracy, our freedom, and how we're responding to the Wuhan Virus. 
No. What China are trying to say is that COVID19 originated in the United States prior to the Wuhan outbreak & they want WHO to investigate. This is part of a massive disinformation campaign by China
Wuhan Flu, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar
Both of them should catch a train to Wuhan.  …
2) That said, contact tracing is very labor intensive. Wuhan has thousands of investigative teams. We still need to use distancing and mitigation measures to slow the epidemic down. Then use precision contact tracing to go after  cases. #COVID19
Taiwan Says It Warned WHO In December That Wuhan Virus Was Contagious, But They Were Ignored 
WHO chief Dr. Tedros said the Chinese city of Wuhan provided hope for the rest of the world. Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, reported no new cases for the first time Thursday. Follow latest updates here  
A story of Samuel Kabano, a Rwandan student based in Wuhan, China on what it is like living in the epicentre of #CoronavirusPandemic 
Wuhan was placed under a lockdown on Jan 23rd. Daily fatalities peaked on Feb 23rd and then  down. Please bear in mind that a Chinese lockdown is very different from a lockdown in any democratic country.  …
Jan 31, 2020 SCHUMER, PELOSI, & leftist goons were trying to extend IMPEACHMENT. Distracted by the HOAX, TRUMP had enough presence to order a ban on WUHAN CHINA. THOUSANDS of INFECTED would  and AMERICA would have ended in a BLOODBATH. GOD BLESSED AMERICA Remember Nov 3 
"Yesterday, Wuhan reported no new cases for the first time since the outbreak started," WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said. "Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world that even the most severe situation can be turned around."  …
Absolutely true. Direct flights to Wuhan as well. Came about when the Italian  sold out to China, who then imported their own workers.
"It’s a racist misnomer to call it the “Chinese virus” or the “Wuhan flu.” It’s an attempt to politicize language about an illness that is a global crisis, to place blame when lifesaving action is what’s needed."  …
As @benjaminhaddad Benjaminhachortles with glee that he is able to make false accusations which uplifts China's disgusting role in denying & spreading the Wuhan China Virus. Benjamin works for Bloomberg $$$& pledged to help the State run media of China's disinformation.
Massive synthetic DRUGS K2/Spice from CHINA killing US citizens Tons of precursor chemicals for methamphetamines sent from CHINA Synthetic opioid Fentanyl made in labs in CHINA NOW COVID-19 WUHAN CHINA VIRUS WHICH IS SHUTTING DOWN OUR WAY OF LIFE! CHINA CHEMICAL WAR WITH US
How can I not think of the hospitals in #Gaza overwhelmed by the wounded arriving in waves at the rhythm of the Israeli bombardments when I see the images of hospitals in Wuhan, Lombardy and Veneto overtaken by the epidemic of 
The Chinese army salutes the Chinese doctor after eradicating the Covid-19 in Wuhan city.. #CoronaVirusUpdate #COV19Game 
I do believe the Wuhan virus should be taken seriously, and there ways to do it (S. Korea, Taiwan, etc.) that don't involve mass indefinite detention and martial law. But even so, the problem remains that I just don't enjoy the taste of boot.
James Rosen Drops Bombshell Report That the CDC 'Lied' to the White House About Wuhan Virus Testing  …
Quebec has 5 hospitalized patients from Wuhan Coronavirus and it's already running out of medical equipment.
As we’re fighting the Chinese, Wuhan, Foriegn Virus spare a thought for those farmers that play a vital role in supplying our food. #COVID19Aus 
Fact: China Communist Gov't (CCP) lost their propaganda war against #HongKong protesters, 2019. China will lose this one too - blaming others for their Chinese Virus. China lied, covered up, silenced their citizens warning t/ West about Wuhan Epicenter   
No one: Guy in Wuhan: 
These scumbag Democrats just can't do something good for the country and help people who need it. They always have to push their agenda! Democrats Play Politics, Try to Shoehorn Climate Change Provisions Into Wuhan Virus Relief Bill  …
Satellite observations have found that nitrogen dioxide levels over Wuhan, China, dropped by 10 to 30 per cent between Jan. 1 and Feb. 25. Similar reductions have been observed in northern Italy. 
China built 3 huge hospitals in 10 days in Wuhan to face #CoronaCrisis. Chinese Prime Minister was at the hospital construction site. Ask Indian journalists what has India's Prime Minister done, answer is - Modi has given a fantastic 
I fear for the citizens of Catalonia and Spain. On top of the Wuhan Coronavirus crisis, there are human rights abuses, medical supplies confiscations, and bureaucratic  These are a very  Spain is like China and Iran, by choice. #covid19
Just walked into a hospital entrance and they were blasting the heat at over 100 degrees as you walked Into the first set of doors before you reached the 2nd set..... Do the hospitals know something the media isn't reporting on???? Does excessive heat kill the Wuhan virus???
Conservative Lawyer Files Class-Action Lawsuit Against Chinese Government For Wuhan Virus Outbreak - Larry Klayman & his group Freedom Watch filed  in federal court in Texas seeking at least $20 TRILLION damages from China.  …
The head of a Chinese delegation visiting Italy warned the country isn't sufficiently enforcing the #coronavirus lockdown. Sun Shuopeng said Wuhan only saw infections peak after one month of strict lockdown 
I don't think I can handle living with Trump supporters any fking more. All I'm hearing is "Chinese Wuhan virus" & "Democrats are working with China to hurt Trump & the world" & all the same disgusting, racist, hateful language. I hate Trump for what he's done to our country.
This is the live animal market in Wuhan China! This is so heartbreaking to me. How can they possibly do this to these poor animals! You people have infected the entire globe with these filthy eating habits. You belong in the cages, flipping sickos! 
Never forget. China created the virus. China lied about it. China jailed the doctors who tried to warn us. China closed Wuhan to international observers. China lied. People died. More people will die. And even more, will lose everything.  …
Fentanyl, precursor chemicals for large scale production of Meth and now NASTY COVID-19 WUHAN CHINA VIRUS causing massive problems and deaths in America! Time to change some strategies in dealing with China and of course Mexico. AMERICA FIRST 
Do you wonder why Italy's deaths have surpassed China's? Population densities: Wuhan - 3,354 / mi² Hubei - 822 / mi² Milan - 20,000 / mi² Lombardy - 1,086 / mi² Population density is very relevant to social distancing. Manila - 108,434 / mi² NCR - 53,975 / mi² Nightmare!
What exactly does Senator Diane Feinstein have to do to get kicked out of the Senate? Harbor a Chinese spy 20 years No Use insider trading to profit during Wuhan Flu pandemic No DiFi is so far above the law, her nose is bleeding!
Today's #coronavirus recap: -220,000+ confirmed cases & 10,000+ deaths - report first cases of #COVID19 - #Wuhan has 0 new cases for first time since outbreak began -114+ countries close all schools nationwide -Approx. 87,377 recovered ( @JHUSystems)
Hi Katie, can you tell us the origin of the coronavirus— it was in Wuhan, China right ?  …
At the #WHO news briefing on Friday, World Health Organization officials said the example China has set gives the rest of the world hope. Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said regarding #Wuhan, “even the most severe situation can be turned around”. 
This is what a world under quarantine looks like!!! #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #Covid_19 #nyc #france #Italy #Wuhan #China #London 
Did you notice the “Stay Strong Wuhan” messages at the All Star Game in Chicago last month? The NBA was trying to connect to millions of fans in lockdown in China. Now that the US is in a similar isolation, that gesture means so much more.  …
We hope all of our clients, families, and everyone staying safe and healthy during this special time. Let's unite and fight coronavirus together! Fosun teams will always be with you. Support from Fosun teams in Wuhan, Shanghai, Sanya, and Hainan. #Fosun #FosunFamily 
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  03 #FBR
Dan #Bongino: “Why were the Chinese police arresting people before the word got out about the severity of this global pandemic & the Wuhan Virus? If It was just a local pneumonia, why were you putting people in jail for talking about it?” 
The world has enjoyed China's bloody cheap goods for so many years, defaulting to the poor human rights situation of the Chinese and the demonic system! Wuhan virus tells everyone, it's time to end it all!
Someone pls send this SP leader to Wuhan 
Received by whatsapp: China: we close Wuhan Germany: we close Baviera Austria: we close Tirol Italy: we close Lombardía USA: we close California sPain: Quim Torra is a bastard #Covid_19 #SpainIsAFailedState #SpainIsDifferent
#EverydayHero Nurse Guo Yanzi hugged her husband at Wuhan Tianhe Airport on Thursday after not seeing him for over a month. Both were front line medical workers dispatched to support #Wuhan in the #COVID_19 outbreak, but worked in different hospitals. They were returning 
Another sobering documentary from Wuhan: 
 | Recovery of people in Wuhan gives hope to rest of world - WHO  …
China's #Wuhan provides hope for rest of the world: WHO chief #coronavirus  
It's an educated guess. I was the healthcare specialist for a U.S. Senator for 14 yrs. They first tested for COVID-19 in late Dec after the virus was officially sequenced. It existed before that. Lots of international travel through Wuhan Province...
Netizens don’t trust China's new narrative. “If the outbreak isn’t critical, it [the government] would allow us to return to work. Now all roads are still blocked, and businesses have not resumed production in Wuhan," a Wuhan resident told  …
The World Health Organization said on Friday that what has happened in the Chinese city of #Wuhan, once the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, offers hope for the rest of the world in fighting the #COVID19 pandemic now spreading rapidly around the globe. #WHO
Yes !! China Outraged as Brazil President Bolsonaro’s Son Blames China Dictatorship Misled World on Wuhan Virus  its management of the crisis with the Soviet’s handling of Chernobyl. This is far worse than Chernobyl, make China pay!  …
"The number of novel #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan…was manipulated in time for…Xi Jinping's visit last week… The number of patients…is deliberately being reduced in an effort to show the Xi government's success  [ #CCPvirus]"—local  …
People lining up for wuhan virus test in queens. Presumably half of them will get positive results from the test. The other half will catch the virus from standing shoulder to shoulder in this crowd. 
The fifth colleague of China's coronavirus whistle-blower has reportedly died of the disease at a hospital in Wuhan. Never forget China arrested doctors who tried to warn the world about what was happening in Wuhan.  …
Do you personally know more people who have been diagnosed with the Wuhan virus, or do you personally know more people whose jobs and finances are being destroyed by the Wuhan virus shutdowns?
I ALSO WANT TO SEE ALL THE STOCK TRADES AMONG ALL OF TRUMP, TRUMP FAMILY, AND CONGRESS FROM THE DAY WUHAN ANNOUNCED THE COVID VIRUS BACK IN DECEMBER to today...how many HAVE MADE MONEY during THE DELAY before admitting it's a problem
Remember Dr Li? He was the coronavirus whistleblower who let the world know about the disease. Then he died at the age of 34. Now his fifth colleague to die has done so at age 45. What is going on in Wuhan?? 
This virus originated in Wuhan, China. The CCP covered it up for months with help from WHO. On January 24th WHO stated that there was no evidence of human to human transmission. On 1/30 they said there was. On 1/31 Trump shut down most travel to and from China.  …
And you called it the “Wuhan Virus.” You just forgot to mention that Wuhan is in China. And you deleted this tweet!? How convenient for you. Would you continue your rhetoric if one of your children became ill with the #ChineseWuhanVirus? Wake up! BTW, IT CAME FROM 
34. Financial Times updates its chart with the now more than 1,000 dead here. Spain has by far the steepest Coronavirus death curve of all. Steeper than Wuhan, steeper than Italy. 
I am fed up watching ABC CBS NBC CNN NPR NYT corrupt useful idiots of China tells us that Italy death toll exceeds China! ALL THE DEATHS WORLDWIDE are China’s death toll! ALL these deaths in Italy are a result of the Wuhan WMD released on the world by evil Chinese Government
China Wuhan; Apparently 20 news covid19 cases are taken in charge at Tongii Hospital but the hospital didn’t officially dare to declare them! CCP is in full control of the story!  …
Li Wenliang, the #whistleblower who warned us in January about an outbreak of a SARS-like infection that could be traced back to a market in Wuhan, deserves far more than a half-assed apology. He's a hero who deserves both honor & our collective gratitude.  …
Is this Wuhan flu making everyone much more annoying or is it just Twitter?
Any and all Congressmen and Senators who profited from insider trading during the Wuhan Virus Pandemic must resign immediately. Democrats and Republicans. This is an issue of integrity, and honesty, not politics.
'I can't believe people are still going to work' - #Wuhan Brit on Europe's #coronavirus 
“They wasted valuable days at the front end, allowing hundreds of thousands of people to leave Wuhan.” The #CCP covered up the #CCPVirus, said @SecPompeo, warning that a similar situation could unfold “if we don’t get to the bottom of  …
Somebody told me today that the unique severity of Covid-19 in northern Italy is due to tens of thousands of legal and illegal Chinese workers in leather and textile factories, many travelling to/from Wuhan after the outbreak there. True or false?
Residents under quarantine (already for nearly 2 months) in #Wuhan not allowed to organize independent group shopping. Everything needs permission from leaders. #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina 
Democrats Play Politics, Try to Shoehorn Climate Change Provisions Into Wuhan Virus Relief Bill 
#Gravitas | Since the outbreak, WION has been the only channel to report on every aspect of Wuhan Coronavirus. @palkisu brings you a 
“Chinese media are now openly asking questions and drawing a connection with the shutting down in August last year of the ‘unsafe’ military bioweapon lab at Fort Detrick, the Military Games, and the Wuhan epidemic.”  …
As the fight against the #coronavirus draws closer to an end in #Wuhan, more volunteer medics from other parts of China bid farewell to the city, with mask-less smiling faces. They leave as spring sets into the city. 
Indeed, COVID-19 is the CHINA virus!! Nov 17 – 1st known case of COVID-19 in Wuhan, China China did not alert WHO until over 1 month after 1st incident (end of Dec) Dec 27 – Dr Zhang Jixian sounded the alarm Then cover up began. . . .  …
imo a grave mischaracterisation of the UK. they are not carrying out the effective parts of the "wuhan-like response", like mass testing. workplaces are still open. transport is packed. there is little to indicate they're not still going for herd immunity  …
Repost If you get tested for CV.. they got your DNA .. who is behind the tests? Bill Gates. Who owns 15% of the WHO? Bill Gates. Who funded the lab in Wuhan? Bill Gates. Who’s behind the Pandemic movie on Netflix? Bill Gates.. Who heavily funds vaccines ? Bill Gates
We've been telling you about the virus since early January, and people are still saying "oh shit, look at what's happening in Italy, I thought it was just a flu!" Every country should have started screening once pneumonia cases started increasing in China (large Wuhan cluster)
#UPDATE As governments and central banks flooded the economy with unprecedented sums of money trying to dodge a global recession, Wuhan - the Chinese city where the new #coronavirus first emerged - reported no new cases in 24 hours  
China has been fucking with us for decades you might even call it stealing and all because WE allowed it. They’re hurting by the effects of Trump’s America First policy. China is as innocent as the MSM. I blame China for the Wuhan Virus and blame MSM for the panic they create.
I find it hilarious, how despite that hydroxychloroquine, a generically produced medicine, is repeatedly proving successful in treating the Wuhan pneumonia, the media are still trying hard to report on the much fewer studied cases of treatment with remdesivir, a Gilead patent.
The US: -Flew people out of Wuhan after the lockdown -Is worsening global public health by neglecting its people & sanctioning Iran -Is undermining other countries’ medical research -Held elections during stay home advisory Who is the authoritarian regime again?
I'm doubtful about the Wuhan numbers - where deaths were very likely uncounted or played down - but the median age in Italy is also 8 years old than China, and the difference between the number of 70-something and the number of 80-somethings appears critical in this outbreak.
Our age demographic is nothing like Italy, we don't smoke like Italy, our pollution is not as bad as Italy, we didn't  thousands from Wuhan into our country at the start of the outbreak like Italy. We are nothing like Italy in any way. But we're Italy. Got it.
The devastating impact of Covid19 on humans has thrown up an unexpected benefit for the planet.I'm obsessed with the natural world & the positive impact that nature & green spaces has on us;how vital they are. Since the global shut down pollution levels in Wuhan have crashed/ 
Pretty much what we saw in Wuhan China in January. 627 died today in . Bergamo Italy . One of the most advanced hospitals in Europe. 1000 ICU-specialists are not enough. I rue all lost time.  …
Soros is funding a virology lab in Wuhan. Address: 666 Gaoxin Road! I would bet that a product and services list from the George Soros Virus Factory in Wuhan would prove quite disturbing. You can be sure his gene splicing tech is up to bo good as well.  by RomeoB  …
In a few days the UK #COVID19 policy has done a full 180, from "do nothing, let herd immunity kick in" to all-out social control and Wuhan-like responses under consideration. As @devisridhar notes, valuable time was lost on the herd immunity fiasco, likely forcing new  …
Where the hell is Joe Biden?? Has any professional journalist seen him in person in the last 48 hours? Is he only appearing in videos? How do we know that isn't a hologram? If they can make Tupac look real they can make Wuhan Joe look real.
People are wearing gloves and masks around Joe Biden!!! Does he have the Wuhan virus??? Are they wearing face shields so his eye blood doesn't spray Wuhan on them??  
At the peak of spring, #Wuhan is waking up from hibernation. 
"Hope" as Wuhan reports no new cases for first time since #coronavirusOutbreak: WHO.  
#Gravitas | Objections have been raised against the usage of the term 'Chinese Virus'. @palkisu tells you why it's accurate to call the Wuhan Coronavirus a Chinese Virus. 
8 million people missing or dropping out is no joke even it its China not per se Wuhan. What has the CCP done !!  …
Poll time: Is corporate media making you feel better or worse about the Wuhan coronavirus?
8.11 million Telephone Users drop in Wuhan. What happened to these men. What did the CCP do. Your guess is as good as mine. By the wuhan has total 11 million residents !  …
This crisis has a “made in China” stamp and the questions about what happened in those early days in Wuhan are already being picked over with as much forensic attention as subprime mortgage lending a decade back. It does not and will not show the Chinese system in a good light.
The fake news media has  insane over minimal amount of deaths in America. We are in NO way the same as Italy that had Chinese workers from  & going, infecting tens of thousands in northern region. President Trump is aggressively keeping us safe.
#Gravitas | China refuses to take blame for failing to control the Wuhan Coronavirus. Meanwhile, Chinese state media is preaching Italy on how to control the pandemic. @palkisu tells you how Beijing is trying to control the damage after the 
" #Wuhan provides hope that even the most severe situation can be turned around. Of course, we must exercise caution– the gains can reverse. But the experience of cities & countries that have pushed back this virus give hope & courage to the rest of the ." - @DrTedros 
To all my followers, I have observed this disease since January, from the time Wuhan was quarantined. I can now say that exponential growth of cases is a reality which will happen. I will from now on also be highly skeptical of the Government and their reported figures.
#Gravitas | In the Parliament today, Congress MP @ManishTewari asked a question on the origins of the Wuhan virus to Health Minister @drharshvardhan. Since the outbreak, WION has been the only channel to report on every aspect of Wuhan Coronavirus. @palkisu brings you a 
President @realDonaldTrump is right to resist calls from crazy activists to release illegal aliens onto our streets. @ICEgov should test detained aliens for the Wuhan virus and then remove them from the country as quickly as possible!  …
Experts warned possible 2nd outbreak in #China amid increasing #imported cases and virus origin remaining unknown. #Hubei&#Wuhan, once hit hard by #COVID19, reported ZERO new cases for 2 consecutive days, a positive signal for #China’s prevention.  
#Gravitas | Objections have been raised against the usage of the term 'Chinese Virus'. @palkisu tells you why it's accurate to call the Wuhan Coronavirus a Chinese Virus. 
13/16 After early missteps, China put in place tougher protective clothing protocols than the US (double gown, double gloves). Of 42,000 health workers sent to Wuhan, none is known to have been infected. In contrast, the US has pretty much abandoned front line health workers.
No doubt China hid the actual number but ffs 8m is too high. Looking at the scenario in Italy, you really believe Wuhan didn't lose more lives? The origin of the virus? Makes me think.  …
A new study estimates that 1.4% of people with COVID-19 symptoms died in Wuhan. That suggests the overall fatality rate in the U.S. is likely to be much lower than many people feared.  …
Indian Government must immediately start mass manufacturing masks/gloves/gowns RIGHT NOW. If the  10-14 days later. The medical staff without protective equipment will  a bioweapon and Hospitals ,the killing Fields like Wuhan. 40% infection from Hospital. 
At a minimum. I fully believe this. Wuhan has been doing this since last year - with strict measures in place. Why would anyone think it would be shorter anywhere else?  …
Fascinating and informative documentary about the Wuhan virus and its tragic outbreak. 
Nah, the Government has dug itself into a hole now. We should have never evacuated anyone after Wuhan. Now if we don't evacuate every single kid abroad their parents would just say why was my kid left behind? Still yes they shouldn't evacuate, but damage is done.  …
Is calling the Chinese Wuhan Virus racist Retweet this tweet Comment using your @handle Follow all new Patriots Bookmark to return for more new Patriots Please follow me 
Disinfecting robots are on duty in a Wuhan hospital. The robot can spray disinfectant at designated spots and finish operations automatically, depending on the disinfectant concentration in the air. #coronavirus 
This emotional placard appeared on 6th Feb & Italy hugged them. Rest is history! Dear World, Don’t fall for this trap. This Chinese Wuhan Virus will not spare you, if you slip out.  …
Peter Alexander's hurt feelings are more important than whether or not you're going to die from the Wuhan Virus, okay?
Of course people should avoid calling it "Chinese virus," since it's needlessly provocative, but nowhere in my piece do I call it that or suggest anyone else should call it that. That said, it's perfectly okay to call it Wuhan Virus since that's, well, where it originated
Because the CCP won't tolerate a folk hero whose veneration it can't control. Party propaganda will have him as Wuhan's Bethune soon enough.  …
After 58 days of lockdown, #Wuhan train station sees one last full-front disinfection work before it reopens to the public. 
'Actually dangerous': Head of the WHO 'still parroting the Chinese gov't line' on domestic Wuhan virus infections 
China locked down much of its population for over a month; Wuhan is still quarantined. Italy's lockdown is nearing two weeks long and things aren't getting better.  …
Dr. Fauci praised Trump’s China travel ban early during Wuhan virus outbreak as "one of the things we did right." Restricting travel from China & Europe has helped containing the virus spreading in the US.  …
#BREAKING 'Hope' as Wuhan reports no new cases for first time since outbreak began: WHO 
China is responsible for the: China Wuhan Virus Thousands of lives it has taken Loss of jobs Markets taking a massive hit Small businesses going under Global travel bans Global quarantines Fake News Hysteria DEM corruption CHINA LIED and PEOPLE DIED!
SAYING WUHAN AND CHINESE DOESN'T MAKE ME A RACIST GET A GRIP, YOU LANGUAGE POLICING DOLTS.
I suspect if we'd gotten official videos like this from Wuhan, the global reaction would have been different from the beginning. Instead we got mysterious cell phone footage and official secrecy.  …
Trump Is Doing the Right Thing by Calling It a “Chinese Virus” It’s not “racist” to call Coronavirus the “Chinese Virus”! It started in Wuhan, China! China must be held accountable!  
An upset stomach could be an early indicator of the coronavirus. Nearly half of patients hospitalized in Wuhan and the Chinese province of Hubei, suffered from digestive issues, per a new study, The average age was 55.  …
"Yesterday, Wuhan, China reported no new #COVID19 cases for the first time since the outbreak began. #Wuhan provides hope for the rest of the world, that even the most severe situation can be turned around." - @DrTedros at @WHO #coronavirus press briefing on 20 
President Trump On Wuhan Virus Preparation: Only Thing We Weren’t Prepared For Was The Media: Truth bomb. #Coronavirus  
China must be punished for their disinformation campaign. Since the start of the outbreak in Wuhan,  Chinese govt has been actively working to suppress the truth. This is unacceptable! Once the economy rebounds, harsh action must be 
CCP didn't announce #Wuhan #coronavirus can transmit among humans until late Jan, after the people's Congress, though the doctors reporting this were detained and let died of the virus later 
Very important point. Wuhan reached the summit point of hospitalization after a month of total Lockdown. There is no alternative. We are wasting each day by allowing people to move out.  …
The Chinese government may be able to control and lie to their citizens. However, your lies and propaganda won't work. The world knows the #ChineseVirus originated in Wuhan China. That's not racist or bigoted. That's a known fact.  …
Deaths in Greece now stand at 9. Greece is doing well so far on containment but a lot depends now on what happens with Athenians who left the capital en masse today. The same thing happened in Wuhan & north Italy. We know the 
11/Chao's father has met with Trump on Air Force One to talk "business." She has failed to recuse herself multiple times over clear business conflicts of interest & failed to disclose her Wuhan consultant position.  
I'm not sure that after a week of major news orgs brazenly erasing their own past coverage describing COVID-19 as a Chinese virus that originated in Wuhan, China... ... I'm just not sure that right now is when you want to be putting on public shows of outrage on this debate.  …
5G did not cause COVID19. But did it pull the trigger on the virus by causing oxidative stress to the residents of Wuhan, 1 of China's 1st test cities? The more oxidation, the more free radicals, the more susceptible we are to viruses and bacteria. #Stop5G #5G #COVID19 
Unlike countries like the U.S. and India that banned travel to and from China, Italy continued to receive large numbers of travelers from China, including on flights from Wuhan. As Dr. Anthony Fauci says, Italy sought to close the stable door after the horse had already bolted. 
10/According to the Chinese press, Chao had accepted appointed in 2009 as an "International Consultant of Wuhan Government." Yes, WUHAN.  
#Chinese woman launched movement to #saysrytoAmerica for spreading disinformation, saying it's the US army who brought the #coronavirus to #Wuhan. Respect to this brave lady. A tiny bit of wht she's done is still bigger than the evil #CCP. #China should learn from her. 
137 medics from Liaoning province headed for home after finishing their mission fighting the novel #coronavirus in Wuhan. 
A “Never Trumper” posts that First Lady Melania Trump should “Be Infected,” later saying that Trump supporters are too slow to understand his humor. Pathetic! The media still outraged over China / Wuhan virus label. :) Check out the show -->  
ICYMI: Ds continue to blatantly politicize a crisis—setting up a “coronavirus war room” to blame the President of the United States instead of the Chinese government for the China-Wuhan virus. Ds need to put their country before their political ambitions.  …
You mean the CINESE WUHAN CORONAVIRUS? That one?
China lies infected the world with the Wuhan #coronavirus. China lied and people  …
What we know so far: #COVID2019 23 Jan - Wuhan & other cities go in lockdown. 31 Jan - Italy affected. Feb - Europe / US & other nations face outbreak. 11 March - pandemic declaration. World is fighting it with science,  India - GauMutra & Thaali Bajaao
Before CCP want to insulting the U.S military brought the virus during 'Military World Game' on Oct 2019, It is obviously that Wuhan P4 laboratory have been studied 'Bat coronavirus' earlier than Nov.2018 Is there should be some explanation from CCP side at first? 
Now do Ro Khanna’s 33 PAGES of stock transactions during the same timeframe. Welch (D) on Homeland  bought QGEN  up HUGE) & CHD (makes sanitizers & cleansers) during same early Wuhan timeframe.  …
B'coz in entire Europe..Italy hs max number of Chinese as citizens (3 lakh+) & tourists (5 million +). Raw material for famous Italian leather  fm China in Tonnes on daily basis..worst hit Wuhan & Milan r interconnected with direct flights.
#China lack of DECENCY/ MORAL infected the world with repulsive practices full of cruelty against #bats #pangolins #Dogs #cats in #Wuhan market.. #Wildlife TRAFFIC gives to #CCP BILLIONS of #China PROPAGANDA blame USA cos #XiJingping don't want to stablish #AnimalWelfare 
Both Italy and the US first reported coronarvirus deaths in early March, so timeframes match. Italy now reports 3,405 deaths in pop of 60.5M (.0056%). The US now reports 217 deaths in pop of 330M (.0001%). As %, Italy is 85x the US. Wuhan workers in N Italy. Back and forth.
Fantastic. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is ripping the  for their garbage, Wuhan coronavirus propaganda
If you're going out of your way to obfuscate that COVID-19 or cornavirus is a Chinese virus that originated in Wuhan, China, and became a global pandemic in large part because of the totalitarian instincts & behavior of the Chinese Communist Party, everyone else also knows why.  …
"As nations across the world struggle to contain the Wuhan coronavirus, they should realize it is also long past time to quarantine the Chinese Communist Party."  …
Jim. @Acosta, you and . @CNN brainwashed America calling it the CHINESE CORONAVIRUS from WUHAN CHINA. Do you & the lib media realize why America is sick of you liars? 
Wuhan, China has no new cases of coronavirus But sure keep blaming your lack of response on China, calling the virus racist names When you had 2 months to prepare, order vital medical equipment, tell military to help as they're trained to do in disasters & pandemics YOU failed
WUHAN ISLAND is officially OPEN! Who will be my starter residents? Will they be adorable as fuck or ugly as hell? Only one way to find  to my stream right now as I will be playing #AnimalCrossingNewHorizons for the FIRST time. You know where to find me! 
Communist China is definitely hiding something by destroying the samples. #WuhanVirus is very likely to be created in a lab in Wuhan. That's why Communist China rejected medical assistance to Wuhan from US and @WHO for months. #CoronaCrisis 
Jim. @Acosta, you & . @CNN taught America to call it the Chinese Wuhan Virus. YOU SHOULD SEND OUT 100 TWEETS A DAY APOLOGIZING THAT YOU & CNN ARE RACISTS. 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo joins the White House Wuhan coronavirus task force update today
No one is saying these Chinese people are viruses. But that does not mean some carried the virus from Wuhan. I have explained exactly why Italy is so egregiously impacted.  …
Soros is funding a virology laboratory in Wuhan. Address: 666 Gaoxin Road! February 4, 2020  … Further convinced there is a tainted  …
If china have hide 8 millions deaths then world is doomed. USA have best spy satellites they would have known this. Wuhan have population of 11 millions ! Now think what  to Italy & USA & UK / France
It's now the "Wuhan Corona Pandemic," according to the 
By Jan. 3, Chinese authorities had already ordered #COVID19 virus samples destroyed, silenced Wuhan doctors, and censored public concerns online. @SpokespersonCHN is right: This is a timeline the world must absolutely 
While you were socializing and spreading Wuhan Coronavirus, I was studying the blade.  …
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: +Why the Wuhan virus is a 'Chinese virus' +Wuhan coronavirus outbreak: How China ignored the warnings +Origins of Wuhan virus raised in Parliament +Wuhan virus: Why the internet is under pressure  …
After 58 days of lockdown, #Wuhan train station sees one last full-front disinfection work before it reopens to the public. 
55 Percent of Americans Approve of Trump's Response to Wuhan Virus Is this why Cuomo, ⁦ @Ilhan⁩ ⁦ @CNN⁩ are maybe in some backwards  ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ efforts? November’s just around the  …
Outside FedEx Field with the Maryland National Guard where they are setting tents in the parking lot. The plan is to setup a Wuhan coronavirus testing site. 
Humanity is worried about only one made in China product - Wuhan Virus  …
SEC records show George Soros was funding a virology laboratory in Wuhan as recently as 2011. The laboratory's address: 666 Gaoxin Road.  …
This chat says on Mar 18, over 100 #CCPVirus #COVID2019 cases were confirmed at Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan, one case at the Railway Hospital. But they suppressed the info as everything needs to give way to reopening businesses now. #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Wuhan and its surrounding province, Hubei, had no new cases of coronavirus to report Thursday. It’s a remarkable turnaround for the city which was only very recently struggling to cope with thousands of sick people requiring hospitalization. 
Philip Rucker, China controls much of our media, Hollywood & Universities. Liberal news taught us it was the Chinese Wuhan virus, now they spend most of their efforts telling us what they taught us, is racist. Why were the Harvard profs arrested for their secret deals w China?
Wuhan-Chinese Virus update: This acclaimed Stanford professor argues America’s response is like an elephant jumping off a cliff to its death because of a house cat. Death rate far lower  flu... interesting take:  …
Are you talking about the Chinese Wuhan Virus?
Anthony Weiner's laptop could tell the tale, they say, but what I find interesting is the address of Soros' WuXi lab in Wuhan. Kind of stitches all the pieces of the Satanic conspiracy quilt together. (For those who don't want to look it up, it's THAT number.)
Trump fought back & called out #FakeNewsMedia for labeling him as racist when he imposed a travel ban on China in preparation for the spread of Wuhan virus. #MediaExposed 
And the West ignored them and even criticized them as authoritarian when shutting down Wuhan in an attempt to contain. They cooperated with WHO and neighboring Asian countries have effectively mitigated its effects. But go ahead and scapegoat.
If you're calling Covid-19/Coronavirus the "Chinese Virus" or "Wuhan", feel free to unfollow me, and take some time to think about how your racism is making people's lives worse.  …
Plainclothes police detained journalists trying to report from Wuhan’s Jinyintan Hospital, forced them to delete their TV footage and hand in phones and cameras for inspection. Surely no coverup here!  …
Eerie to go back and watch our first @ABCWorldNews report on #COVID19 back on January 17th, when we were calling it a "mystery virus" in Wuhan. Life in America has changed so dramatically in just two months. 
Not sure exactly when. Anyway, this Chinese chat says that over 20 #CCPVirus #COVID2019 cases were confirmed in Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan. However, they dared not report it. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina #Coronavirustruth 
I wonder why the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission stopped releasing daily updates on new cases of the #ChineseVirus on January  …
#Wuhan, China, where #coronavirus outbreak began, offers ray of hope with no new infections reported for a SECOND DAY IN A ROW and only 39 cases reported nationwide, government says  
China’s top health authority (National Health Commission) issued a gag order directing that Wuhan pneumonia samples be moved to designated testing facilities or destroyed. NHC orders institutions not to publish info related to the unknown disease. 1/3/20  …
If you read and RT one thread this year it should be this. Afterwards I think you’ll want to thank @realDonaldTrump for taking such decisive action against Wuhan despite nonstop hate and nonsense from the media who ran with the Dem talking points. RT  …
Why has China's #PLA claimed *zero* covid-19 infections despite a strong role on the frontlines in #Wuhan? I explore in @ForeignPolicy 
Good morning Twitter! Tried of arguing whether or not the "Chinese Virus" or the "Wuhan Virus" is racist? Just call it the #CCPVirus instead! It's win-win mutual cooperation!
GM & Ford pledge to build ventilators to help Wuhan Virus scare. Pray you don’t need one. Pray if you do, it wasn’t made on a Monday or Friday. Prediction: Feds will end up giving a ton of cash to auto giants for medical equipment they never build. Just another cash cow bailout
Just a perspective of reality (IN AMERICA) 2009 -2010 H1N1(swine flu) 12,000 deaths 60 million infected +4000 Dow jones 7k 11k 2020 Kung Flu Wuhan China Virus 210 deaths 14,500 infected -9,000 Dow jones (over -30%) Millions outta work Total economic chaos ?? ??
1) The virus is named after its place of origin, not a people group. 2) “Chinese” is a nationality, not a race. 3) China’s bad handling of the Wuhan virus of has cost thousands of lives and billions of dollars. As irritating as “Imagine” was, can you please just stick to that?  …
If only the folks in Wuhan knew warm water would do the trick we wouldn't be in the situation we are in now  …
We can only wonder what would’ve happened if the Democrats heeded the early  out of #Wuhan about the #ChinaVirus instead of focusing their attention on a fake Impeachment. Could this all have been avoided? #FridayThoughts
My theory (warning..) : The link between COVID-19 and African Swine Fever (ASF). China has lost ~50% of its pig herd to ASF A massive gap in meat supply in China A boom follows in illegal wildlife trade for meat Lots of illegal meat sold at market in Wuhan and COVID begins.... 
No new #CCPVirus cases in #Wuhan? This notice to residents says there is one confirmed case at Golden Elegant Garden on Mar 17. Patient felt unwell on Mar 15, went to Xinhua Hospital on Mar 16. Test came back on Mar 17 as positive. #COVID2019 #Coronavirus 
Truly grateful Doctors & paramedics who came from all over China to treat #Corona virus patients in Wuhan given a memorable farewell by the people, as they leave after all patients r cured. #CoronaVirusUpdate 
The meme that young people are immune to #coronavirus was designed to ease panic. It has caused more harm than good. Doesn’t anyone remember the 33 year old doctor that died in Wuhan? 
. @HillaryClinton and China govt propaganda machine reading from the same script #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus 
Say "Wuhan" five times into a mirror, and a @cnn reporter will appear from behind the glass to scold you for racism.
China has exonerated a whistleblowing doctor who police reprimanded for warning about the early spread of the coronavirus in Wuhan and later died of the disease, in a rare admission of error by Chinese officials. (from  …
Encouraging #coronavirus news out of China today: No new locally transmitted #COVID19 cases for second day in a row. All 39 newly confirmed cases in country were imported. Zero new infections in #Wuhan for the first time since outbreak began.
New cases in Wuhan continue to emerge. If China says it has zero new cases, do keep in mind that’s a #political zero to meet the propaganda 
Newly discovered symptoms of Trump Derangement Syndrome include: - Trusting the Chinese government - Blaming any country or leadership other than China for this pandemic. - Saying it's racist to call it the China or Wuhan Virus.
Who here is old enough to remember "there's no evidence of person to person transmission. It'll be fine, just don't go to Wuhan and eat bats lol"
If you had NO PROBLEM when every mainstream media outlet was referring to this virus as the 'Wuhan virus', 'Chinese coronavirus' and/or 'China's coronavirus' - but you're now feigning outrage over Trump calling it the 'Chinese virus', then you are a disingenuous clown. Sit down.
We were told mortality from COVID-19 in Wuhan was 5.8%. Turns out it was 1.4%. Oops.  …
CHINA WAS LYING - IT WASN'T AS BAD AS THEY SAID - Coronavirus Death Rate in Wuhan Lower Than Initial Estimates, New Study Finds - WSJ  …
#Wuhan: new cases are still happening, but won’t report to the officials. Various notices announcing there are news #COVID19 cases discovered in residential areas. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied is still happening. #WuhanVirus  …
China's #coronavirus cases in numbers: 1. Zero new infections in Wuhan for 2 days in a row 2. No new domestically transmitted cases on Chinese mainland Thursday 3. All 39 newly confirmed cases on Chinese mainland Thursday were imported 
Hold that panic! Deaths in Wuhan from coronavirus likely to have been less than first thought :  … See also 
FYI... The Chinese People's Liberation Army's Joint Logistics Support Base is located in Wuhan. After its establishment a shocking case of missing college students began being swept under the rug: hundreds of young people in Wuhan have disappeared unexpectedly!  …
#Pompeo said to Fox News "China has allowed hundreds of thousands of people to leave Wuhan to go to places like Italy that's now suffering so badly" . Stop lying through your teeth! As WHO experts said, China's efforts averted hundreds of thousands of infection cases. 
so moved by these Guangzhou metro billboard, cheering for the returning heroic medical team back from Wuhan When everybody were fleeing out from Wuhan they were heading into it Some of them are heading to Italy after a few days rest in Guangzhou 
“Not one of the 42,000 health workers sent to Wuhan is known to have  infected with the coronavirus. The United States isn’t protecting health workers with the same determination; it seems to be betraying them.” via 
. @FrankLuntz, the virus spread from Wuhan. My words: “Both Wuhan scientists collaborated w/Level 3 BSL in N. Carolina on the Gain of Function Experiment using Coronaviruses from bats [...] The Novel Coronavirus so happened to emanate out of Wuhan.” Youstudies: 2015 study  …
Coronavirus did  from a "military lab" in Wuhan. We don't know if it's seasonal. You don't need a 6-month supply of toilet paper. You don't need to shave your beard (unless it's a goatee, gross). You can't flush out the virus by drinking lots of water.
The economy is facing destruction. No law should prevent people from working as best they can. Suspending AB5 is the only humane thing to do. Me for ⁦ @FDRLST⁩ In Wake Of Wuhan Virus, Calif. Needs To Suspend Its Ban On Gig Work  …
Its a beautiful day to be alive........as long as you keep that Wuhan breath away from me!
There needs to be a WWII-style, 24/7 global media campaign led by the White House / State Dept ringing the bell on the evils of the Chinese regime. Honoring the fallen heroes of Wuhan would be a great start.  …
I heard about COVID19 in January when China was blockading Wuhan. We did nothing to stop the spread of it then. Our government officials didn’t take it seriously. Some called it a hoax, some said itll never make it here (by putting nothing in place to prevent that) This is on us  …
Remember back in January when @CNN referred to Covid 19 as the "Wuhan Virus"? Yeah, me too.. How R@c!st! Still waiting for the PC name so I know what NOT to call it... 
I hope everyone understands that the Chinese Communist Party is lying about "zero infections" in Wuhan, and American media is helping them do it, without a shred of skepticism. Hopefully the situation really is improving, even if not as much as the CCP and its shills claim.
GOOD MORNING DAY ONE No media for me! I am turning off the constant barage of the Wuhan Virus. No tv. No radio, except country music, for one week. Ill read @POTUS tweets and the @WhiteHouse tweets to stay  …
#SaluteCoronaFighters A Pakistani doctor who volunteered to treat coronavirus patients in Wuhan epidemic area as a volunteer has got appreciation from Pakistani students  members residing in China. Dr. Nabeel is an other example of such nobality 
One thing we've learned in the midst of the Wuhan virus pandemic is that free press and freedom of expression inside China is essential to all of our health and survival. 
#China #Harbin As long as video posts about the epidemic are blocked on the entire network, public opinion control is no less severe than that of Wuhan in February. 
Kristina Shramko has been living on lockdown in Wuhan for almost 2 months, with strict restrictions on everyday life. Her advice to the rest of the world now battling the coronavirus? “It’s better to be safe than sorry."  
The head of a Chinese delegation visiting Italy warned the country isn't sufficiently enforcing the #coronavirus lockdown. Sun Shuopeng said Wuhan only saw infections peak after one month of strict lockdown 
Can you see the unscrambled HUMAN in WUHAN? #coronavirus
Have you seen videos of the Wuhan open-air markets? Disgusting. I can't believe some new plague does start there daily.
Trump reacted faster than the media did and now the media is mad that he tried downplaying the severity early on These snakes vomited "wuhan virus" or "chinese virus" and now screech like banshees at Trump for it No matter what he does its wrong The media  trash  …
Following a media narrative that President Trump is “racist” for calling COVID-19 the ‘Chinese virus’, the New York Times has now deleted the word ‘Wuhan’ from its coronavirus tracking map.  …
G'Morning Patriots God Bless America Don’t Panic & Remember USA Is Strong We R Not Red or Blue, We Are Americans Pull together Don’t Panic keep your family safe "Social Distance" We will get through this crisis together & WIN The COVID-19 bug originated in Wuhan, China 
Nearly half of the patients hospitalized in Wuhan and the Chinese province of Hubei, where the fast-spreading sickness was initially discovered, suffered from digestive issues,which could be an early indicator of the coronavirus. 
Israeli spirit remains strong in the face of Wuhan virus. Residents of Petah Tikvah join together in song from their balconies. 
Say what? Yesterday global death rates from coronavirus were reported: Italy 8.34% Iran 6.17% China 4.0% US 1.4% South Korea 1.0% Overnight a report says Wuhan death rate is 1.4% from 3.4%. I hope it's not just propaganda because it means U.S. will tumble with expanded testing
If you would find it helpful to understand why Italy is in crises with Corona - please calmly read this article. When the workers fled #Wuhan - they came ‘home’ to Italy. Facts. Not fear. Please  …
Respectfully - and without inciting fear - this is  fallacy. China’s death toll is unknown. Equally Italy’s source is Chinese from #Wuhan Facts before fear. #Wuhan 
America needs to stop-time; go into total lock-down. There is likely no other way to protect lives. Quarantines and isolation are the  solidarity. A 1:15 sec video laying down a hard Wuhan truth.  …
When the history of the post-Wuhan world would be written, the largest chapter would be on how artists, bureaucrats, politicians, and other assorted entitled dingleberries spread the #WuhanVirus as if it was marmalade.
If one good  out of the Wuhan flu, I hope it’s that more people decide to continue homeschooling when this all blows over.
Line of people outside hopsital in Wuhan yesterday 
"A network of Democratic non-profits and super PACs are funneling millions of dollars toward advertisements in key swing states, with the intent of politicizing the Wuhan coronavirus crisis and blaming the pandemic on President Donald Trump."  … #MAGA #tcot
COVID-19 thought of the day: Why don't we offer hotel/dorm isolation for those who tested positive? Could be voluntary for now, expenses paid, maybe even pay people to incentivize. Would certainly reduce transmission within families. @XihongLin work shows this helped in Wuhan.
God help us in this country! After reading her tweet please sanitize your brain, these people are deadlier than the virus. An outbreak in Wuhan 8,659 km away has killed more Italians than ever. This madam feels a careless act in Ibadan won't 'directly' affect her in Lagos. 
Health Dept in #SDF areas says its scientists developed kit to detect #COVID19 'in under 30 seconds' -'works in all weather conditions' - 'contains no harmful chemicals' - detects '85% of cases' - tested 'successfully' in #Wuhan - NE #Syria's administration 'gift to 
They do not want anyone to question the official story... They do not want anyone to look into the World military games held in Wuhan right before the outbreak   …
This is so stupid Nobody better hug this Chinese person I don't want to get the Wuhan virus  …
The change was first noticed over Wuhan, China, the city that first reported incidents of the new coronavirus that leads to the COVID-19 disease. 
This is not Wuhan, Itlay or USA... That's #Sukkur - #Sindh World's largest Corona isolation center established in a 
Because "of course". Twitter Denies the Trump Campaign's Request to Have an Edited Video of His Wuhan Words Labeled as 'Manipulated Media'  …
Gal Gadot is oblivious but in a simple caring way. She just wanted to cheer up the clones. I can respect that. Plus Wuhan Fever nuked her giant summer movie which is a bit like losing her job.  …
Since Trump said he hopes it’s true, let me tell him China did realize this goal in less than two months since Wuhan imposed a lockdown. It is hoped he is able to lead the US through this crisis, reporting zero new domestic COVID-19 cases in the US in two months. 
When I asked a teacher in Wuhan why she was content to stay in lockdown, she said it was good for her family's wellbeing, and because the health workers protecting them can return home sooner to their own families. Very touching #lockdown #wuhan #COVID19
Leave. I heard NoKo and Wuhan are beautiful this time of year.
And the US media didn’t care until they realized their attacks on the President’s handling of the virus wasn’t working. Up until that point, they had also been calling it the China virus or Wuhan virus. It’s apparently only racist when the President does it.
China distancing the “Wuhan” origins of virus. Claims origin is US. Weak position in trade deal exploited by Trump, who now calls it China Virus. Anyone calling coronavirus a racist term must be paid, or influenced by China. Propaganda wars for Big Bucks; China losing.  …
Terrific piece by @julie_kelly2. What if the Wuhan Virus has been making its way across the country not for a matter of weeks. as we have assumed, but since the beginning of the year? What does that mean about the curve everyone is trying to descry?  
Absolutely irresponsible behaviour. They aren't following govt rules and being united with PM @narendramodi and his govt's efforts to fight Wuhan virus.  …
On Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Coronavirus Response Coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx stated that, at the moment, she believes China’s claim that there haven’t been any new cases in Wuhan.  …
DO NOT MISS my explosive interview with former White House Doctor Ronny Jackson about the Wuhan Virus, his time in the White House, & his experience with the ruthless Democrats’ attack machine. Watch here 
Dr Tedros of the Wuhan Health Organisation, and his clear and firm leadership: a timeline. 
Overall symptomatic case fatality rate of Covid-19 in Wuhan estimated at 1.4% @NatureMedicine  …
WHO: test, test, test. @BorisJohnson: it is now government policy to test anyone with a cough, provided they are in hospital (but are not medical staff), and they have personally been to Wuhan in the past 24 hours, and their middle names include "virus" or "bat plague".
Thanks @HopkinsMedicine for organizing this zoom call with Wuhan colleagues - excellent insights from their front line to our front line! @HopkinsCFAR 
More ‘Mission  reports on China’s State TV about #Wuhan. Given everything they’ve thrown at it, easy to believe a big drop off in new cases. But w/ 6,000+ current infections in Wuhan, difficult to believe all domestic #coronavirus  
Don't let China turn the Wuhan virus narrative to its advantage:  … #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
So from Zhenghou to Wuhan is 5hours , 23 mins . Factory don open, shipping don start. Worry don go. Market dey wait for sales. Nice weekend
To protect yourself from the Wuhan Virus, take a screenshot of Earth on Google Maps and then delete all other countries except the one you're in. This means nowhere else exists and therefore the virus will never reach you. That's science.
Virus-lock down thought. I, being the genius I am (hahaha) predict an explosion of December Babies..could be a record #for Christmas babies..What will we call them? the "Wuhan" -"Coronavirus," -"Chinese"-Covid 19 or just Covid - How about the Virus generation? Any suggestions?
Keep in mind also, in addition to the lockdown after 800 detected cases, China sent in 42,000 medical staff to Wuhan. We don’t have that. Waiting for the NHS to breakdown will lead to a catastrophe.
"Event 201 was sponsored by Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the World Economic Forum (WEF), the CIA, Bloomberg, John Hopkins Foundation and the UN. The World Military Games opened in Wuhan on the exact same day."
"questions linger about the opaque Event 201 in New York on October 18, 2019: a rehearsal for a worldwide pandemic caused by a deadly virus – which happened to be coronavirus. This magnificent coincidence happened one month before the outbreak in Wuhan."  …
Oh LQQK, Yet Another One! This Job Opening Was Posted On USA Jobs, Stating That The Term Will Not Exceed (13 Months) - Also Posted On November 15th 2019 BEFORE - The First Case In Wuhan China. Please SHARE With Everyone! IT WAS ALL PLANNED, In Advance!  
Wuhan went into lockdown on 23rd of January - death toll was 25. Italy went into lockdown on 13th of March - death toll was 463. It has now overtaken China with 3,405 deaths. UK has a steeper incline in the rise than Italy - death toll at 144. Why still no lockdown? 
Because Wuhan Health Organisation @WHO doesn’t listen to Taiwan. They didnt even share info on the Wuhan Virus with them  …
Who should win the Darwin Award in the Chinese Coronavirus/Wuhan Kung Flu Category? (Vote and RT!)
If having mishandled the Wuhan virus the  regime now successfully spins it into a propaganda victory, this will be on us for allowing them to get away with it. ⁦⁦ @shadihamid⁩ ⁦⁦⁦⁦ @TheresaAFallon⁩ ⁦  …
Very correct—we need to follow the successful example of China in Wuhan that now has ZERO (0) new cases of COVID-19 because of  response at every level of society. Full and enforced lockdown is absolutely necessary. Shut it down!  …
I fear there is severe under-detection of #COVID19 cases in the PH Our current fatality rate is 7.8%, among the highest worldwide. This implies unidentified cases. Considering the Wuhan death rate in Feb (4.4%)  PH stats, our under-detection could be as high as 44%.
KKM when Corona-chan was still at Wuhan: 
So now we can assume that the rumors of crematoriums in Wuhan running 24/7 back in January may have been true. We can probably also safely assume that so were the rumors of many people (sometimes whole families) dying at home - thus never making it into the official statistics.
Please note that, our own response notwithstanding, iran literally dumped pakistani zaireen on the border. The parallel to pakistani students in wuhan does not apply here. Again, this is not an endorsement of the taftan situation.
Of course it’s absobloodylutly Chinese as that’s where it originated from from an area called Wuhan where they have a biological warfare laboratory try to keep up your not good for anything else silly little man  …
Make the insanity stop please! Is this a silent precursor to #Wuhan? 
Ok so this Journo calling Corona as ' Indian Virus' how much money China paid her to name Wuhan Virus as Indian Virus , any guess ? 
The speed with which the US (and other countries) are pushing out a #WuhanVirus vaccine, despite China refusing US scientific entry to Wuhan, is due to these countries' advanced medical science. #ChinaFakeNews #COVID19  …
As the COVID19 is sweeping the world,it’s testing every govt how they tackle  Pak Amb to @AmbNaghmanaHash & her team which stayed at frontline  COVID19 in Wuhan along with Chinese Govt right at the peak of crisis which took care of everyone equally. 
The Wuhan Bat Flu is homophobic too it seems... This might be its single biggest moral sin  …
Life is hazardous. Wuhan Flu is a new hazard, but it  with all the others, and because of news reporting and political expediency, it will kill many more than it should.  …
#Wuhan police apologize for reprimanding doctor who sounded early alarm on #COVID19  
Goodbye and thank you! Medics leaving Wuhan reveal their laughing face that have been hiding behind the masks for months. 
Obedient, like the citizens airlifted from Wuhan who refused to enter quarantine? Obedient like the Japanese who panic-bought toilet paper? Obedient like the throngs of citizens in the streets? The latest in a long history of "othering" Japan as some kind of monolithic hive-mind.  …
We should wait for the figures from Italy, and we can estimate how many are actually died in Wuhan 
Lets also not forget that their way of quarantining Wuhan after the outbreak started was to evacuate the city instead of locking it down
But it is still Wuhan virus
Dispatched food rations and essential supplies from #Pakistan landed in #China on Friday for Pakistani students stranded in #Wuhan on PM Imran Khan’s directives 
In January WHO said Wuhan Coronavirus does not spread from human to human. Few weeks ago it said the virus does not transmit to pets. DO NOT TRUST WHO.  …
Wuhan the city that started this whole thing now  free of the virus. Can they like extend this to the rest of the world and share their recipes?
You're calling @POTUS TRUMP a "a racist ass"...instead of calling out CHINA for trying to blame the WUHAN CHINESE VIRUS on AMERICA??? Some media contributor you are. P.S. YOU are the racist ass.  …
Sorry about it. But the fact is the coronavirus is originated from Wuhan and the Chinese govt covered it up for months. There’s nth prejudice about that at all. (And meanwhile, Communist China is spreading fake news about how the U.S. army brought the virus to Wuhan) 
Madness of the left; Call the Wuhan virus, Chinese- racist Want immigration controls- racist Say transgender females mustn’t ruin female sport- transphobic Criticise the niqab & Islam-islamophobic Say rape-gangs are mainly Pakistani men-racist. Never call a spade a spade!
#HeartwarmingMoments: Remember to fulfill your words! Netizens urge Sichuan man to fulfill promise to wife that he will do all the housework for one year after she returns from the fight against #COVID19 in Wuhan.  
Here’s how China spread the #coronavirus. 1st case reported in Nov 2019. Wuhan locked down on 23 Jan 2020. In this period between Nov & Jan, over 5 million ppl, all potential carriers,left Wuhan for other cities & countries. Just like SARS,which China exported to 37 countries  …
Just got off phone with @ShangriLaHotels - they provided a home for 236 health worker volunteers in Wuhan and 24,000 meals to 4 hospitals in the epicenter. Preparedness was key: they had the foresight to pull-out their SARS manual to give them a head-start on #COVID19 
our 130 cr population wud hv reduced by 10 pc atleast. he himself got admitted in chennai Apollo. Lies and spreading lies thro media pigs. kerela is Wuhan of India. need to be isolated totally
Diary of the #Wuhan lockdown by a feminist social worker, now published as a book by #聯經, Taipei:  
#Covid19 originated from #Wuhan’s wild animal market where bats are a Chinese delicacy. Why has Italy been so badly hit? And why are Indian infections/deaths so low? Is it only because of few tests done so far or are there other reasons? My @mail_today oped, now online  …
In the past two days China has been reporting zero domestic #COVID2019 new cases. And the most majority of the medical staff came to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #pandemic, are going home after  of their jobs. Congratulations. 
The Chinese Wuhan Virus was created in China and is the fault of China. Stop wasting our time with this ridiculous nonsense.  …
#coronavirus Important: A news outlet was able to get the real data on how many #WuhanVirus cases #Wuhan city had on March 14 & the number is 22 times the official numbers, 91 cases instead of the official 4. Google translation of part of the article  
A special #COVID19 patient was cured and discharged from hospital Friday in #Wuhan. He is special because he was treated with #ECMO, extracorporeal membrane 
Whoever is writing the President’s scripts is a two-bit authoritarian who follows the Wuhan policy formula, heavy of hand and weak  that people are watching. This is not a movie where the actors wear their patches facing the cameras and their names on their hats.
We are not going to “quit with the inflammatory China bashing”, Tim. We’re going to divert most (if not all) trade away from China and incentivize it so that businesses will have no choice but to follow! #AmericaFirst #KungFlu #ChineseWuhanVirus #Wuhan  …
The nurses who battled the disease in Wuhan get a military salutation. Chinese have shown us nothing but efficiency on unparalleled levels. 
She posted this yesterday, it’s the study of all the patients in Wuhan and shows like every symptom, underlying problems and conditions they already had age and everything!! It’s interesting I was reading it yesterday  …
Proud of Pakistan Ambassador to China, Naghmana Hashmi, & her dedicated team , esp Education Attaché Suleman & 3rd Secy, Junaid, who fought ‘war’ against Coronavirus by their personal presence in epidemic’s epicentre, Wuhan, at peak of crisis, solidarity with our students there 
This is scary. My aunt in Beijing left me vitriolic msg after months of being out of touch. “U should know the truth. The virus never started in Wuhan.American came to China 2 distribute it 2 Chinese. As an American,how do u feel about that??” I honestly dont know how to respond. 
Here's just a SMALL sample of Ro Khanna's (D) CA post Wuhan transactions. A few are prior but almost all are post. 
Dear Ted @tedlieu Don't be apologetic. Be realistic. It's really #WHOChinese #COVID19 pandemic. UN @WHO approved the Wuhan bioweapon lab in China from where #coronavirus pandemic  …
Ro Khanna (D) CA has 33 PAGES of stock sales. Almost all are post Wuhan. Click that link, type in "Khanna" and select CA. There are THREE separate filing links.  …
Australia now has 846 cases of coronavirus 16 more than Hubei province (Wuhan) did when it was locked down almost 2 months ago At the current rate of infection growth we risk potentially  the next Europe.  …
There was no new case in Wuhan yesterday and Trump has asked FDA to mass produce Chloroquine tablets, meanwhile a month ago Pakistan already transported 300,000 #Chloroquine tablets to China silently. Modi govt should learn from Pakistan. #CoronaStopKaroNa 
Doctors and nurses who were treating Coronavirus patients in China were isolated and not allowed to go home. Here in this country, the useless of government of Ramaphosa let’s them go home to their families. Meanwhile, healthy people from Wuhan and their doctors are quarantined
Medical workers are the front-line heroes of China's battle against the novel #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, Hubei province. In the isolation wards, doctors and nurses not only treated, but also forged strong bonds with their patients. #Covid_19 
I imagine there’s a lot of us going back through our timelines, looking to find our first mention of COVID 19. My first was on 2/25. I believe I had started paying attention to what was going on in Wuhan perhaps a week before that.  …
Coronavirus death rate in Wuhan is lower than previously thought: study  #COVID19
Barbara Nuwagira: In Wuhan, the situation is better. We are still having online classes. The information is positive, and we are grateful for that. Wuhan is still on lockdown. We received the UGX 2.2 million from the government and we are grateful for that. 
Kidney involvement  in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 infection and acute kidney injury is independently associated with in-hospital mortality, says new data just out from Wuhan in @Kidney_Int  … . 
No new infected cases found in Wuhan City for a second day 
Wuhan coronavirus: A pandemic that was started in China, covered up by China but China thinks calling it Chinese is ‘racism’  …
Wuhan Uni Hospital. A twenty-something year old Doctor from Shangai was taking a 87-year-old patient who’d been hospitalized for a month to take a CT scan. He asked if he wanted to stop to enjoy the sunset. The man said, Yes. They enjoyed the moment together. 
So... is the Wuhan virus situation actually in control in China or are they lying once more?
Seems as if Wuhan Corp, coincidentally, also manufactures synthetic adrenochrome 
China has known about #coronavirus since November Lied about it, Said it was not contagious Delayed releasing data #ChinaCoverUp Allow contamination to spread Wuhan 11 million people Then allowed the to infected fly around #ChinaMustPay 
Somehow we now need a replacement for the term “Wuhan spirit” in the context of Indo-China ties!
Daily Updates of COVID-19 in Mainland China. 80967 confirmed (existing 6569), 104 suspected, 3248 deaths, 71150 recovered, 684331 traced, 8989 observed. 39 new imported (228 in total) Wuhan for 2nd day: new confirmed new suspected existing suspected 2062 severe cases. 
China's chief medical advisor DENIES the coronavirus originates in Wuhan as he blasts the claim as 'irresponsible... 
If you think that bat soup is the cause of the Chinese Virus, then I've got some great ocean front property to sell you in Idaho. This is a biochemical bomb unleashed by a Chinese Wuhan lab, with full support of deep state scumbags, as last ditch effort to take down Potus Trump.
Pasig City Government employs different steps to fight off COVID19 including the use of drone technology, the same type/ model used in Wuhan, China and South Korea to disinfect their area. ⁦ @VicoSotto⁩ ⁦ @24OrasGMA⁩ #covid19ph ⁦  …
Wuhan and its surrounding province, Hubei, had no new cases of coronavirus to report Thursday. It’s a remarkable turnaround for the city which was only very recently struggling to cope with thousands of sick people requiring hospitalization. 
The official China News Service late Tuesday said police in the epicenter city of #Wuhan had revoked its admonishment of Dr. Li Wenliang that had included a threat of arrest and issued a “solemn apology” to his family. 
It's much worse, here's some info from DOJ incitements. China Thousand Talents Plan : recruiting academia (i.e. Harvard) to Wuhan. China exploiting J-1 visas (as students/researchers) for spying and theft. How many more are spying or selling out for China?  …
“In Wuhan, officials have tried to make it appear that recovery efforts are going smoothly. But when "central leaders" personally survey disinfecting regimens and food delivery, local officials "make a special effort" for them and them alone...” WELP:  …
"We estimate that the overall symptomatic case fatality risk (the probability of dying after developing symptoms) of COVID-19 in Wuhan was 1.4% (0.9–2.1%)." -- better number for many purposes than case fatality rate.  …
I’m Chinese. The recent death cases are all counted. But I think some early deaths may not be counted when Wuhan was in chaos. May be hundreds of more? The death rate may be underestimated a little, but not much.
FBI arrested Prof Charles Lieber, head of Harvard’s chemical biology dept, in Jan 2020 for concealing $1.5million he received from China but it’s tough to prove a nexus. Besides, this virus began in Wuhan’s live animal market, probably from bats which Chinese relish as a delicacy  …
This phase may take longer than it did in China; the US is looking at potentially multiple cities with Wuhan-scale spread, not just one. And central to China's strategy was widespread testing and rigorous quarantine, which we still (still!) don't have here.
New study in Nature puts overall symptomatic case fatality rate of #COVID19 in Wuhan at 1.4% (0.9–2.1%); lower than prior estimates of City's experience. Uses model of transmission dynamics. Also finds symptomatic infection rises steadily as age increases.  
Milan in Italy’s northern Lombardy region has > 4,000 Chinese-owned factories churning out leather bags & other products. Planeloads of Chinese fly between #Wuhan & #Milan. From Nov to Jan the deadly infection spread across Lombardy to unsuspecting Italians. Hence the high  …
If, it is confirmed that the #WuhanCoronaVirus was created and engineered in a lab in Wuhan, China, then will it be ok sue China for the worldwide problems created by this bio-weapon? #ChineseVirus I’m just wondering. .  …
Why is it that #Nepal never stopped flights from #China since the outbreak of the Wuhan virus? While it is willing to shut flights with India and close borders, why it did not stop  from #China?
As promised,Pakistani cooked food rations&supplies for our ppl in Wuhan,Hubei prov have been dispatched. We are under strict instructions from PM @ImranKhanPTI to ensure all students in China are especially taken care of.Thanks to PAF,NDMA &all who came together&made it 
Watch This Epic Video Montage of Media Repeatedly Saying "Wuhan Coronavirus" - Before it was Considered Racist... Because Orange Man Bad  … via @gatewaypundit
A Baby Infected due to Coronavirus in Wuhan Let's take Pledge to Make Sure all children n Elders are Safe at their House for next 15 Days Together We can N We Will Defeat #CoronaVirusUpdate Let's Support Health Workers by keeping Social Distance n Avoid 
Yes the president continues to call the virus #ChineseVirus. Because the first reported case happened in Wuhan China. As in point of origin. Facts have nothing to do with race or bigotry, they are just facts. Now, put your big boy pants on Jimmy and accept reality.  …
R.I.P., doctor Liu Li at #Wuhan Central Hospital who was also a member of the hospital's  passed away after being infected with #COVID19 on Friday,  the fifth medical staff member at the hospital who died amid the outbreak: 
Wuhan got you all in check. 
#CCPChina Claims of #Wuhan being free of the pandemic is a big fat lie.  reported 05 New cases on 18 Mar. #ChineseWuhanVirus It is not what the #CCPChina Wants us to believe. 
California should close its borders to prevent people from leaving to go stay w/family & friends out of state, which could spread the outbreak When China announced the quarantine on Wuhan, which is the epicenter of the outbreak, they let *5 million* people leave, which spread it  …
Corona originated in Wuhan Nov 17th. Announced on 31 Dec. In this period 5 Million Chinese traveled globally impacting nations. Compare to Nipah virus announced immediately by India on discovery in 2018. Why should it not be called Chinese virus? Why should China not pay for cost
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! He called the virus from Wuhan, China, the #ChinaVirus?????? TELL ME IT’S NOT TRUE!!!! PS: You’re such a clown. How do you even shave without laughing so hard you de-nose yourself?
During this difficult time, the importance of all the gains made in economy and stock market since @realDonaldTrump was elected cannot be understated. It is thanks to this president and his policies that we’re fighting the war against the Wuhan Virus from a position of strength.
In the last 36 hours, no new cases of #COVID19 have been reported from #Wuhan, the Chinese city where the outbreak started, proving that this epidemic can be controlled. Let's deepen our resolve & follow all guidelines to contain this virus. #कोरोनाशी_लढूना #CoronaSeLadona
DONT TELL ME WHAT IT WAS OR WASNT LIKE IN WUHAN. I WAS THERE. If ya don’t like what I post, the unfollow button is literally right there.
Salute! Chinese soldiers wave their flags and bid farewell to the medical workers from Yunnan province who are now leaving Wuhan. | China Central Television and China Global Television Network via @Reuters 
As someone from the Wuhan area & now lives in NYC, I feel like living thru the coronavirus outbreak twice. As my mom can finally go out after 57 days of quarantine, I started a self-isolation that may last for weeks."You worried about us, now we're worried about you," she said.#1
Over 10,000 deaths worldwide. 2,44,000 people infected. How did #COVID19  a global #pandemic? It began in #Wuhan, the hi-tech Chinese city. Between Nov 2019 & Jan 2020 #coronavirus had 2 months to spread across an unsuspecting world. But why esp Italy? Here’s why. My 
Do not fall for Chinese propaganda! This was manufactured in a lab in Wuhan. Whether it was mishandling or evil doings is yet to be determined. Stay safe my Twit friends. I’m pretty sick
If or when they have the Chinese Wuhan virus vaccine, will you get the vaccination?
nothing disgusts me more the people praising china for the Wuhan coronavirus. tell me NBC how does that Chinese dick taste?  …
So they release the prisoners from jail out of fear of them getting the Wuhan Kung Flu Chinese Coronavirus and then threaten the law abiding working Americans with jail. #LosAngelesLockdown #Coroavirus
It's too late. #RIPLiWenliang"The official China News Service late Tues said police in the epicenter city of Wuhan had revoked its admonishment of Dr. Li Wenliang that had included a threat of arrest and issued a “solemn apology” to his family."  …
Dr. Birx on Fox tonight: "So if you go to the Johns Hopkins dashboard, it does track recoveries. And you can see that most of the individuals from China have fully recovered, at about a 96 percent rate. And if you were outside of Wuhan, about a 99 percent rate." #coronavirus
China locked down Wuhan on Jan. 23, halting all public transportation going in and out of city. But in a blunder of far reaching consequences, China did not issue an order suspending Chinese group travel to foreign countries until 3 days later, on Jan. 27.  …
Even the Chinese media also called it the wuhan virus 
China: two months of lockdown, free testing and free treatment, built 2 ICU hospitals in two weeks and modified dozens of public facilities into mobile cabin hospitals, sent 40K medical staff to Wuhan from other parts of the country. We all should put hate aside and take actions
What's wrong with calling it "Wuhan Virus," "Chinese Virus," or "Kingflu"? Did  about the Spanish Flu? 
Did you know: There were military world games in Wuhan last year in October and U.S.A soldiers took part in them. Then duku duku in December the “unknown” Corona virus started to spread. Now the U.S.A president who is not a China fan calls it the “Chinese” virus 
COVID-19: Wuhan reports no new cases for 2nd straight day  … #AWANInews #AWANIpagi #EnglishNEWS 
Half? Not even close to half of Wuhan got it...  …
Don't trust CCP numbers out of China. They claim they only had 144 flu deaths in 2018. They haven't "beat" the Wuhan virus. They've stopped reporting anything outside the official narrative.
#WuhanVirus or #ChineseCoronaVirus is not racist it’s merely a fact. The virus came from #Wuhan #China The #MSM used the term until some left wing nut job realized it could be used against my great President  …
Potential good news: Death rates from Wuhan much lower than originally thought: 1.4% Fast track vaccine in UK from Oxford team. It could be available in the fall if effective. Promising data on weather and the #coronavirus-not spreading fast in warmer climates.
Five MILLION people were able to flee Wuhan before it was put under quarantine and head to neighbouring Chinese provinces - taking the deadly coronavirus with them.  …
#Poll: Where is the Wuhan corona virus from? Vote & retweet, reply with others! #coronavirus #covid19 #covidー19 #covid_19 #covid2019 #coronavirusoutbreak #wuhanvirus #wuhancoronavirus #hubei #chinacoronavirus #ccpvirus #武汉肺炎 #武漢肺炎
It looks like South Korea is quarantining everyone who tests positive, too, not just telling them to ’self-isolate’. That turned out to be essential to getting it under control in Wuhan too.
The death rate from the coronavirus was 1.4% in Wuhan as of the end of February, according to a new study in the Nature Medicine journal—lower than previous estimates of mortality rates of 5.8% in the first several weeks of the epidemic. 
Wuhan coronavirus death rate far lower than thought, with 1.4 percent mortality from COVID-19  …
really great how it turns out these senators dumped stocks based on private security briefings BEFORE the US govt decided to break Wuhan’s quarantine by airlifting 201 Americans straight to Southern California
The Wuhan Coronavirus is China’s Chernobyl.......with all the coverup, lies and needless deaths.
Foiled by the Wuhan Flu: “On Feb. 21, Masood bought a plane ticket from Chicago, Illinois to Amman, Jordan, and from there planned to travel to Syria. Those plans, however, changed when Jordan closed its borders due to the novel coronavirus pandemic.”  …
An instant traditional Chinese medicine in the form of granules that has proved effective  #COVID_19 in Wuhan, Hubei province, is gaining popularity in Europe. #coronavirus #TCM  
China’s Wuhan reports no new coronavirus cases for second straight day, here is whats new: – South Korea reports 87 new coronavirus cases – New Zealand confirms 11 new cases – Two Los Angeles Lakers players have tested positive For more:  
President Trump discussed a possible treatment for the Wuhan #coronavirus today and this is what CNN is running 
Today, #China officially reported zero infections in the entire country. Our interviews with #Wuhan residents and information from Chinese social media show that that’s likely not the case. Long lines, ppl turned away from hospitals,new quarantine centers  …
China's leading medical advisor denies coronavirus originates in Wuhan  via @MailOnline
G'Night Patriots God Bless Our President GodBlessPOTUS USA,Justice,Military,Blue,ICE Fighting 4 USA Hold CHINA Responsible for The COVID-19 Wuhan, China Virus It’s not racist to say the virus came from CHINA! The Coronavirus bug originated in Wuhan, China! Trump2020 
So??? I am an Asian and I call it Wuhan virus too as the virus originated from Wuhan, and not the U.S. army (and Chinese propaganda is widely spreading this fake news to smear the U.S.) I will never forget how 
BUSTED: New York Times deletes the word "Wuhan" as political correctness is weaponized to serve the Swamp's Chinese masters RT to show how absurd and dangerous they are  …
“They wasted valuable days at the front end, allowing hundreds of thousands of people to leave Wuhan.” The #CCP covered up details about the #CCPVirus, said @SecPompeo, warning that a similar situation could unfold “if we don’t get to the bottom of  …
Wife: they built a hospital in wuhan in 10 days Me: yeah pretty impressive Wife: what can we learn from them? Me: don't eat bats
It is the Chinese virus. That’s where it came from, LIBTURD! CHINA. Wuhan CHINA. Try reporting some facts for once Dear Diary Jumbo. HERES A FACT! THIS VIRUS CAME FROM CHINA! Pile on Patriots! Time to knock this stupid PC to the curb!  …
See the Disgusting Market In Wuhan Where This Virus Started China is notorious for their unregulated consumption of exotic animals, as well as animals we have as part of our family, which is why I keep #StopYulin as my name...no wonder viruses start  …
Ain’t that the truth. When are we ever ready for the fiction the media tries to pass off as journalism? Trump On Wuhan Virus Preparation: We Weren't Prepared For The Media  …
Great thread on China ‘Trolling the world’ to Dodge Responsibility for the coronavirus MSM & Chinese state-run media are pretty much running in sync about now, with MSM fully buying into the idea that calling it the Chinese virus or Wuhan virus is racist  …
Big fat lie (again)! While #CCP claims #Wuhan is having 0 new #CCPVirus #COVID2019 cases, this  alone has 5 confirmed cases as of 5:00 pm, Mar 18. #CoronavirusOutbreak Bulletin of Wangdian Community, Jiufeng Street at Wuhan East Lake High-tech Development Zone 
The only stock that she sold that is mentioned in this piece (REZI) started declining on January 17 Prior to the 01/24 meeting: 01/20: Coronavirus detected in South Korea 01/21: Coronavirus detected in U.S. 01/23: Wuhan quarantined All that is public knowledge  
It’s called the WUHAN CHINESE VIRUS. We need to be accurate about where this virus came from and who is at fault. China has caused the world countless amounts of pain. They need to be held accountable!
I'm old enough to remember February when every talking head on @MSNBC & @CNN were calling it the Chinese Wuhan virus relentlessly. You people are so obvious @jheil @chrislhayes @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid  …
"Epidemiologists have been trying to track the virus back to its origin, which appears to be in the city of Wuhan." (2/5) 
Did you know MSNBC analyst @glennkirschner2 wants to prosecute @realDonaldTrump for negligent homicide over the way he handled the "CHINESE WUHAN Coronavirus...THAT CAME FROM CHINA?" First he's racist for stopping travel from China & now he's a murderer for saving lives! SMH!
Better for the Chinese government to try to redeem its image (for having censored the Wuhan doctors who warned early about the coronavirus when it might have been stopped) by handing out medical supplies than by censoring journalists who report on Wuhan.  
Is the Wuhan Coronavirus crisis is an elaborate government-run psyop? Or is it a conspiracy theory? Hear BOTH sides of the story on the Episode 1226 of the No Agenda Podcast With @adamcurry and @THErealDVORAK Listed in the Mueller report as l “best podcast in the 
10,000 people are now dead from Wuhan Coronavirus. Thousands of families & friends have been torn apart This is the direct result of an  regime focusing on  a world power instead of the health & safety of millions China must pay for this. RT if u agree!
@china so China introduces the world to Wuhan China Coronavirus from China. It’s a Chinese born illness from Wuhan which is in China. Are we paying attention to China now?
Smoke and mirrors! The PCR test is inaccurate with close to 50% false positive. There is no evidence of the zoonotic origin of the Wuhan virus.  …
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital treats #COVID19 patients with severe  …
impossible that Trump was briefed on pandemic in December as 1) it wasn't a pandemic then; 2) even at end of December, Wuhan doctors were still trying to connect cases; 3) genome sequence identifying new virus done on Jan 2  …
If the first confirmed case of the Wuhan Virus tracks back to November 17, 2019, how long has it been with us in the US?  …
So is the left defending the Chinese, the virus or Wuhan when they feign outrage over calling it the Chinese Wuhan virus? Why does the truth hurt them so much?
No new infections or suspected cases of the novel coronavirus were reported on Thursday in Wuhan, marking two days in a row of zero report  
Americas face Wuhan flu from China and Tim Kaine stands up for China and calls Americans bashers.  …
Before his death, Li Wenliang was reprimanded by Wuhan authorities for warning about the coronavirus. Now, Beijing is officially rescinding his penalty and punishing those who rebuked him—though it also insists he's not a symbol of resistance. 
Sr State Dept official : “If you read Chinese and you look at  out on Weibo and others, they still call it the Wuhan bingdu or Wuhan virus. That’s what they call it. They don’t call it COVID.”
Between the Chinese Wuhan Virus and the price war between Russia and Saudi Arabia, American Energy Dominance is under attack. We have to protect it.  …
Human Events was among the first to uncover what was happening in Wuhan, China, in depth.  …
GOOD NEWS, up to 3x lower Death Rate: The coronavirus death rate in Wuhan might be lower than previously thought | Live Science  …
Don't know for certain. Anyone who claims to is full of it. But definitely not a bat. Most likely leaked from a BSL-4 biolab in Wuhan.
Jim, no one really cares & if they do, it’s only because the media created the fake outrage. Remember, your own network called it the Chinese Wuhan virus. So just stop ... seriously ... start doing your job which is not propaganda  …
Chinese officials have openly said that they think the #coronavirus might have been brought by the American government to #Wuhan as a secret attack from the American government! This is an absolute insane theory with no evidence. Extended Version -  … 
Democrats/Medis Waged War Against America Years Ago!!! America wasn’t ready for Wuhan China Virus because of DEMOCRAT/MEDIA RESIST policies! #MadeInChina Clintons & Obamas sold American security to Russia and China for book deals and Clinton Foundation donations.  …
Monkey:  closer, lemme tell you something... the #Coronavirus is from #Wuhan, China.  closer... yea I know, and #CCP wanna make a disinformation campaign to accuse #US military Monkey: ( wow... for real? ) Human: take a look at it, it’s all over the 
Not to mention a harvard professor was working at wuhan university and was arrested along with 2 others. Follow link its all there  …
One reason people are alarmed in U.S.: In China, the fatality rate in Wuhan, the raging epicenter, was 5.8%. But in all other areas of the country it was 0.7% — a signal that most deaths were driven by an overwhelmed health system.  …
the fact: wuhan lab produces adrenochrome, same lab that studies virus the rumor:last batch of adrenochrome laced with virus hence so many celebrities testing positive
Aiding China’s cover-up: @realKTMcFarland says the W.H.O needs to answer for not investigating the origins of the Wuhan Virus. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
JUST IN: Wuhan: No new coronavirus cases for 2nd straight day  … 
Democratic groups plan to spend millions slamming Trump over Wuhan virus response while Biden aims 'to project leadership by staying above the fray.' From WP:  …
Told my 3-year-old son coronavirus might cancel football. He asked, “Can the games be played in aircraft carrier hangars? Two fields can fit, and the flight decks can be used to carry out airstrikes against China for their crimes with the Wuhan virus.” I’ve never been so proud.
No lie if #AnimalCrossing doesn't allow me to name my island "Pussyville" I'm gonna name it Wuhan.  to Wuhan Island, where you can find exotic animals, just like their wet market. "Not funny." Fuck you.
Did a Chinese-Canadian scientist and her family indulge in Scientific espionage at a Cdn Microbiology Lab in Winnipeg while transferring biotechnology to Wuhan, China the place that is the source of the #CoronaVirus? Read and reflect.  
Is it me but since the Wuhan Virus took off I see all the robo calls have stopped. I guess they think I must have died already.. My car no longer requires an extended warranty, my house doesn't need an alarm, nor do I need solar panels installed.
28/ There is danger that the surface appearance that things are going well could  triggering a delayed explosion of infections on a par with Italy, Wuhan, etc.
⁦⁦ @ChrisCuomo⁩ the virus originated in the WuHan Province, China. It was not bioengineered. Anyone with a brain can deduct that it came from China. Chris Cuomo blasts Trump for saying 'Chinese virus': 'It could  from anywhere'  …
If you get tested for CV.. they got your DNA .. who is behind the tests? Bill Gates. Who owns 15% of the WHO? Bill Gates. Who funded the lab in Wuhan? Bill Gates. Who’s behind the Pandemic movie on Netflix? Bill Gates.. Who heavily funds vaccines ? Bill Gates.
UPDATE: It is with a heavy heart I announce the traditional @DailyCaller Friday lunch won’t happen tomorrow because of the Wuhan Chinese coronavirus. Much like the Olympics being paused for WWII, we’ll be back stronger than ever once this crisis is over.  …
Shutting down beaches? Can anyone see what's really happening? All this is to inhibit/ prohibit human inter-action! The Wuhan is just the excuse! I am sorry @1GigiSims @dbongino and others, but @realDonaldTrump has gone too far, or is 
This ⁦ @CBCNews report sounds like espionage. Xiangguo Qi is the Chinese-Canadian scientist who came under investigation by @RCMPgrcPolice in Oct 2019. He worked for the Cnd govt, but also trained Chinese staff at a Level 4 laboratory in Wuhan, China.  …
In Wuhan, China, and in France, trials of Hydroxychloroquine and Azithomycin have been going on for a few weeks as a potential therapy for #CoronavirusPandemic . The results have apparently been noteworthy. Note that Hydroxychloroquine is a milder form of 
When this all began, the people in Wuhan were trying their best to get the world to condemn China. Citizen journalists risked their lives to get the world to speak out. People who defend China are erasing what happened to those citizens and are allowing China to rewrite history
23/ No lockdowns. Unlike Wuhan or Italy, thus far no threat of widescale lockdown (based on gov policy of not attempting overarching person-to-person spread). TBC
Not long ago even the Chinese state media called the virus Wuhan Virus. That’s before China realized there’ll be hell to pay for the damages it has done to the world. 
On Thursday, 39 new #COVID19 cases were reported on the Chinese mainland, all imported from abroad. The death toll is now at 3,248, with two more deaths. Wuhan reported no new cases. 
Now can the govt stop US public pension from being invested in a country that should be held accountable for killing people all over the world with its Wuhan Virus?  …
I deleted this tweet. I meant to type that random people in Wuhan and Iran were dropping dead on the street but coronavirus derangement took over my brain momentarily and made me type untrue things. 
Trump’s first Major error in the crisis came a year before the novel coronavirus first emerged in Wuhan, China. In May 2018, he authorized National Security Adviser,John Bolton,to eliminate the National Security Council’s global health security unit &demote its pandemic experts
Fighting The Wuhan Virus: @RepDougCollins says we need to put partisanship aside and work together to fight the Wuhan Virus. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
(BN) *CHINA REPORTS NO NEW CORONAVIRUS CASE FROM WUHAN FOR SECOND DAY
Imagine the panic if they told us Covid 19 was actually a genetically modified, weaponized virus engineered in the Wuhan Level 4 lab. Truth, you can not handle the truth.
Racism that ensures the survival of one's race as is the obvious case in Italy is natural. It is not wrong. The reason Trump didn't act earlier was due to his fear of being called 'racist' against Chinese people fleeing Wuhan. Now look at us. Hiding in our homes.  …
MORE HISTORY ON HOW ITALY HAS GROWN IN HUGE CHINESE POPULATION The Chinese Workers Who Assemble DesignerBags in Tuscany! #ChineseWuhanVirus Travel 2 Wuhan was on going. Please Retweet @realDonaldTrump @GenFlynn #safetyinyourhand  … via @NewYorker
My dog just asked "Why is the FDA slowing down testing of the efficacy of chloroquine phosphate as a treatment for the Wuhan Virus? Also, Eric Swalwell should sniff his butt after he farts." I could not answer and was left literally shaking.
This is the utter crap WHO put out on Jan14th without insisting their own team be allowed into Wuhan to review the situation. One week later the Australian Govt, distrustful of the WHO assessment, began implementing national pandemic protocols cc @thespybrief  …
Coronavirus: the high stakes propelling the US-China blame game ⁦ @joetsai1999⁩, cofounder of Alibaba who also owns the Brooklyn Nets & ChiCom Propaganda SCMP should stop publishing craps like this. Wuhan Virus is 100% on China. Prepare to get sued  …
Many people even said doctors told em their flu shots were ineffective and they tested negative for the flu. Had  This matches the report about China and U.S soldiers visiting Wuhan. Also uptick in "pneumonia related" cases.  …
I've called it the Wuhan Virus since it left China. It's not racist to call it by it's locality name. Lyme Disease is one many know. Named after Lyme, PA where it originated.
NEW: Research just published in @NatureMedicine reveals #coronavirus mortality rate is lower than previously reported. Probability of dying after developing symptoms of COVID19 in Wuhan was 1.4%. (Previously 2-3%). Rate of hospitalization peaked 30 days after first cases arrived.
Hillary would definitely kill the Wuhan coronavirus if she could.  …
The fact that the Wuhan virus came from China is no coincidence. In this biomedical journal, Chinese cultural practices were termed a "time bomb" for future coronavirus epidemics in 2007:  … via @powerlineUS
News report from 7 years ago. The fact that China is so desperate and preposterous to pass the blame makes more plausible the speculation that the virus was leaked from the P4 lab in Wuhan.  …
Wuhan reports no new coronavirus cases, offering hope to world  …
Good for Prez #Trump. This is a #ChineseVirus, especially if it came, as some evidence suggests, from the P4 lab near #Wuhan. Question: Why won't #China allow an investigation into the origins of the outbreak?  …
China reports no new coronavirus cases in Wuhan  
Heard about a new strain of bird flu out by Wuhan China...
 a week after Chinese researchers at the Wuhan Institute of Virology filed an application to patent Gilead’s drug Remdesivir to treat the new coronavirus, a bid that would give China leverage over the global use of the therapy to fight the outbreak. #AdjunctProfessr
#LDTPoll: Should President Trump create a Presidential Commission to investigate China’s Wuhan Virus Cover-Up? #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst #Dobbs
In the absence of data, go for the logical and probable. There were direct flights from Wuhan to Aklan before the travel ban. That should've been enough to demand expanded random testing in Western Visayas. When you have no proof that can back up your denial, that's dumb.
Wuhan reports no new coronavirus cases, offering hope to world 
Wuhan flu... dont be a jerk and spread Chinese propaganda! America first!
About 1.4% of people infected with coronavirus in Wuhan, China, where the outbreak originated, died, new study finds. 
Any public official who traded on insider knowledge of the Wuhan virus’s likely shock to the economy should step down. And then be prosecuted. If the law doesn’t allow for it, pass a new law. Now. This behavior is absolutely unAmerican and unacceptable, regardless of party.  …
Fmr. Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice says President Trump calling the coronavirus “the Chinese virus, the Wuhan flu” are racist descriptions. “The fact of the matter is that viruses don’t know borders.” 
It is not racist to say it is Chinese or Wuhan Virus. Diseases are often named after the place where they originated.  …
Here is a story that ran on 1-25-2020 saying China will admit  from its P4 lab in Wuhan. But things changed quickly. (See video of the P4 Lab) Breaking news: China will admit  from its P4 lab  via @Gnews202064
Because we’re not going to be browbeaten by the faux woke people who were calling it “Wuhan” just 30 days ago?  …
Who else thinks it should be called Wuhan virus?  …
Wuhan= Chinese to me Jim. Your words here. Is this the only way you can get recognized now since your rating and CNN ratings are down. Maybe it’s time to find another line of work Bub. @Acosta This ones not workin out to well for 
When the CCP found out how bad the #CCPVirus is, they freaked out and concocted propaganda that somehow 5 million people in Wuhan flew out of the city 2 days before the quarantine. Maybe not! I think those bodies are -gone-. Mixed into the upper atmosphere.
A patient with heart disease was taken by ambulance to a hospital, but was rejected once arriving. The hospital worker said that all hospitals in #Wuhan were full. The latest #Coronavirus updates ➤  
Wuhan recorded no new virus cases in the most recent 24-hour reporting period – but is this “miraculous” recovery too good to be true?  …
This from ⁦ @dkahanerules⁩ When Wuhan Virus Departs, World Will Be Changed  …
And you can still criticize the Chinese government without calling it the Chinese or Wuhan virus.
March 19, 2020 Wuhan Blackberries? Rosenstein's Sister Again? This Blac...  via @YouTube Stop vaping for a week. Ground glass? Is there another type C virus? Patient Zero. @slavewar @X22Report @QArmyInfo @GeorgWebb @TinRepublicOfTX
"This fried bat is a little undercooked. Oh well, what's the worst that can happen?" - Dude in a Wuhan wet market, 2019.
Instead of blaming it on the Chinese, Americans should be studying the Chinese response to containing the virus. Wuhan with zero new cases yesterday. China and South Korea have provided a template the U.S. should have been following for weeks now.
After a massive lockdown, healthcare workers in Wuhan are able to take a much-needed break. 
Burr did nothing for three years to uncover the blatant FISA  by agencies he allegedly oversees. He did nothing to hold any of the corrupt agents accountable. But boy was he quick to sell off his stocks after getting Wuhan virus briefings.  …
cc: ⁦ @KyleClark⁩ Congrats! The world now knows you’re a progressive hack! Local TV hack says ‘everyone else knows why’ you’re calling it the Chinese or Wuhan virus, trips over his own station –   …
Congress needs to gear its relief package to 1) stabilizing the economy, and 2) supporting families who have been financially ruined by the Wuhan virus panic. Handing out checks based on what people earned two years ago is not targeted Wuhan virus relief, it's welfare.
‘The world is paying a big price for what they did’: President Trump said the coronavirus outbreak could have been contained in Wuhan, China, where it began. For live updates:  
Guarantee that almost all if not all of these clips are from January or early February when it was exclusively IN WUHAN, CHINA! Now that it has been scientifically identified, we should be using the scientific term for the virus: COVID-19. End of story.
A 98-year-old woman has been discharged from a hospital in the Chinese city of Wuhan after being cured of the coronavirus – making her the oldest person in the world to survive the deadly illness. There is hope! 
China's chief medical advisor DENIES the coronavirus originated in Wuhan Probably a laboratory just outside? 
Well, that's rich Bob. How about we make those & a lot more things instead? Europe too. Sure, they may cost 10% more, but then we'll have to give a little bit less of a damn about  authoritarian apartheid state. Don't make me start to call COVID-19 the Wuhan Flu.  …
Our Dem Media has shown a pattern. They covered up FBI corruption They covered up Ukraine corruption They covered up Epstein corruption They're helping China spread disinformation and deflect blame for Wuhan coronavirus They are indeed the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE
The people who need help to financially survive the Wuhan virus panic have no money now because their jobs or businesses disappeared within the last month. Basing need on what they earned two years ago  idiotic.  …
The left lost their minds because Russia bought some Facebook ads that didn't change a single vote... ...so when they find out the "saying Wuhan is racist" narrative is literal Chinese Communist Party agitprop will they care?
Wuhan Coronavirus It's settled! Trump was right! 
Wuhan's Public Security Bureau declares that its admonition of late Dr. Li Wenliang was an incorrect application of the law, and "solemnly apologizes" for this "mistake".  
Democrat Dark Money Groups To Spend Millions Politicizing Wuhan Flu  …
Chinese virus. Chinese virus. Spanish Flu. Chinese virus. Ebola (River in Africa) virus. Wuhan virus. Chinese red plague of death. Wuhan death plague. Chinese virus. Chinese virus. I’ll bet some of your best friends are Chinese. And no one cares what you think. Trump’s the Boss!
[Recap] Coronavirus: Wuhan police ‘inappropriately’ punished whistleblower doctor Li Wenliang, Chinese gov’t probe concludes#CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #covid19 #covid #covidoutbreak #HongKong #China  
Asian-American chiming in... The terms "Chinese Virus" or "Wuhan Coronavirus" are appropriate based on decades of disease-naming protocols. @realDonaldTrump's attacks are directed at the CCP, not Chinese people. Good Chinese food is awesome. I support @ChanelRion.
The death toll is what's useful here. In Wuhan, 1.4% of the infected died, per Nature. But 22/3615 suggests NYC has a .6% case-fatality rate. More testing will identify more cases & existing patients will still die. But still worth keeping an eye on.  …
The coronavirus sweeping the globe originated in Wuhan, China. It's not racist to say that. |  via 
This is NOT Wuhan, China. This is SUKKUR. #CoronaInPakistan Hats Off to Sir @MuradAliShahPPP @murtazawahab1 @BBhuttoZardari @SaeedGhani1 for taking steps in 
Congressman Jim Banks Wants Reparations from Communist China for the Wuhan Virus  
SO WE ARE CLEAR: The #ChineseCoronaVirus is FROM #China, #Wuhan China to be EXACT. The #CommunistParty COVERED it up in December! It’s NOT from a bat; it’s from a Lab! It has been WEAPONIZED against the World, but intended target was #USA & @realDonaldTrump! dEVIL LOSES!
#Wuhan, the epicenter of China's novel #coronavirus outbreak, had no new infections on Wednesday and Thursday. Indeed, except for 34 imported cases, the entire country saw no increase in the number of infections. A new dawn has arrived after the long, dark night of the epidemic.
10... 1/23/20: 2 days after reviewing the data, Beijing imposes quarantines allof Wuhan, prohibiting anyone from going in or going out. Soon, that is expanded to 15 cities. 1/26: 3 days later, Beijing changes national holidays to limit traveling that could spread the disease...
To think that this man and Hillary Clinton could be leading our nation’s fight against not only the Wuhan virus but also the fight against China is both astounding and frightening. America dodged a bullet.  …
PHOTO: People applaud as departing medical workers enter Wuhan International Airport in China. Just last month, Wuhan was overwhelmed with thousands of new cases of coronavirus daily. But in a dramatic development today Chinese authorities say the city had no new cases to report. 
How about she moves to Wuhan, at the open meat market where the virus started...
Meanwhile, the measures taken to #Quarantine and treat the population of #Wuhan were grotesquely inhumane. — Apartment buildings were welded shut. — Temporary “hospitals” actually served as jails where those believed to be sick were trapped until death. 
#CCP officials knew in early December that the #Coronavirus had appeared in #Wuhan, but they sat on the information for 6 weeks, arresting those who tried to warn of the danger. What might have been contained was allowed silently to spread.  …
8... to stop spreading rumors that the virus was similar to SARS. 1/3/20: Four days after the report to the WHO, Doctor Li Wenliang, who is a central guy in the reporting, is admonished by the Wuhan Police....
Whatever you do don't call the virus that originated in China under mysterious circumstances in Wuhan next to a biological warfare unit and was covered up, the Chinese Virus. That would be racist when we all know the evil coconuts Priti Patel & Rishi Sunak are killing poor people
Looks like chicken, smells like chicken- must be chicken...came from Wuhan, Chinese govt covered it up- must be a Chinese Virus!!!
Where did Covid19 originate? Wuhan Where is Wuhan? China End of debate... Goodnight Twitter
President Trump is speaking the TRUTH when he calls this the ‘Chinese Virus’! This virus originated in Wuhan, CHINA! The President is only being accurate and transparent! The fake news media is only calling it racist to distract from the President Trump’s strong leadership!
Wuhan has no new cases because everyone fled, or isnt alive, or because reporting new cases would be illegal
CoV is its family name Co Corona V Virus I infraction D disease 19 is from 2019 Actually it is CoVID-19 but we write it COVID-19 1st it was named as "2019-nCoV" It's Other names are 1. Novel coronavirus pneumonia 2. Wuhan pneumonia 3. SARS-CoV-2 Any other question plz?
5... 12/28: Wuhan Jianghan CDC begins researching these cases to figure out what is going on. 12/31: Wuhan Municipal Health Commission notifies the WHO. Yes, 5 days after the first suspicion there was a problem, WHO was notified. Also issues public notice of outbreak...
The CDC confirmed that Jeffery Epstein doesn't have the Chinese Wuhan Virus! 
4...that was, as time passed, showing itself to be more brutal than others. She *suspected* this was being caused by a new virus. (Remember date: 12/26, small cluster.) 12/27: Jiaxian's hospital notifies what is basically the CDC of Wuhan Jianghan, a group of urban districts...
Out of the 500-600 of missing college students in Wuhan, only 3 bodies were found and all ruled as “suicide”. It is only with the outbreak of Wuhan virus, that some suspect possible link between the virus and those disappeared.  …
A university in Wuhan is looking for English lecturer
Hey Ahole Acosta, After this is all over I will still eat at US Chinese restaurants... China Wok N Roll China Dragon China Buffet China China China...... It started in Wuhan that’s in China do you need a map to process this? Stop spreading racism! People are hurting.  …
#CoronaVirusUpdate Picture of the day. - Soldiers salute Doctors who led the battle against Corona Virus in Wuhan, China. 
Hey, @acosta. Media Called Coronavirus "Wuhan" Or "Chinese Coronavirus" Dozens Of Times  …
Former FEMA administrator Craig Fugate rips earpiece and storms out of live MSNBC appearance saying “I don’t have time to listen to this bullshit, people,” after Obama official Andy Slavitt accuses him of not being “helpful” in the Wuhan virus epidemic. 
A  soon from the federal gov't will allow doctors and medical professionals to practice across state lines amid the #GlobalPandemic caused by the #CCPVirus—which originated in #Wuhan,  …
China not only lied, destroyed evidence and allowed the virus to spread but it arrested doctors who in December tried to warn the world about what was happening in Wuhan. My column in today’s @theheraldsun on why China must be held  …
the naturally occurring virus was modified in a Wuhan lab and escaped or purposely released. bat soup is the CCP propaganda they used to cover it up.
CNN’s Hall Monitors Clutch Their Pearls Over OAN Asking About Media Focus on Wuhan Virus Name  …
Just out of curiosity... If we get this Wuhan Kung Flu China virus thing and survive it, thus creating antibodies and an immunity to it... Can we go back out in public?
This might be literally just me, but I think there's a huge difference between "Chinese virus" and "Wuhan coronavirus." (i.e. I see why the former is bad, but am irritated that people say the latter is bad)
SEE THE HYPOCRITE PARADE OF CLOWNS #ChineseVirus Watch This Epic Video Montage of Media Repeatedly Saying "Wuhan Coronavirus" - Before it was Considered Racist... Because Orange Man Bad  …
Most of the names on your graphic I haven’t even heard referenced (which are the racist ones) for Covid19. You leave out Wuhan Virus, which is quite popular so I assume you accept that as a non-racist name.
Me to Tim Kaine (my Senator) @timkaine “Stop being an apologist for the Chinese Communist Party & start defending the honor of the USArmy, which they falsely accused of creating the Wuhan flu while you’re at it.”  …
Riding this Wuhan thing out! But I will arise to watch the @NoSpinNews on  tonight. Best news analysis 
I do like the “Kung Flu” name, but it is a bit flippant. Don’t want to tag Taiwan with the “Chinese” title. So, for me, “Wuhan Virus” works fine.
Wuhan schools were already closed for lunar new year when the crisis emerged. Then they never opened again and everything was shut down. So, naturally there will be no evidence of child to child transmission. Australia is cherry-picking the crap out of  
Everyone knows that the people refusing to call it the China Virus/Wuhan Virus, or the CCP Virus are Chine$e Puppet$They are loyal servant$to the CCP
been a couple days and would like to ask again. if you would be so kind in participating it would be very much appreciated! Q: do you know anyone PERSONALLY that has been infected by the Wuhan China Virus? *actual friends, relatives, etc. you would normally hang out with.
I believe probably both. Animals used for experimentation in the Chinese state laboratory in Wuhan then sold illicitly in the market. Covered up by the Chinese government without any care about the effect on their own people or the world.  …
It's really amusing how 'China watchers', looking at western nations today, are saying "This is exactly what happened in Wuhan"  ignoring the fact that those nations had weeks to prepare, and Wuhan didn't. Hindsight is a wonderful thing - but it can also be a bitch.
UPDATE: Awesome reporter @jenniferatntd has followed up on this: IT seems that 80%+ of the Wuhan residents (some 6-7M people) have vanished since the 23 January lockdown. No one knows where they are.  …
Is the right-wing argument true? Did everyone use terms like “Wuhan virus” and “Chinese coronavirus” until China dictated otherwise, leading excessively woke scolds to inaccurately calling those terms racist? No. And there's data to prove it.  …
I see it as a biological attack from China, nothing severe that would decimate the population & warrent a military response. Just a little Covid Booger flicked at us from Wuhan. Then of course the Enemy Within takes the handoff & makes it way to the goal post. Carrying him 
The blooming  after a chilly winter. Friends sent me photos of cherry blossom in Wuhan university. It's a real delight that yesterday, on March 18th, for the first time, there's no new confirmed case of #COVID19 in Wuhan - the epicenter of the pandemic. 
"We’ve always said the real point of entry for coronavirus is a busy emergency room” - Mike Ryan, W.H.O. 41% of #COVID2019 cases in Wuhan resulted from hospital-related transmission.  …
Also on 3 March, I broke the story on how there were HUGE clouds of Nitrous Oxide (NO2) & Sulfur Oxide (SO2) over Wuhan and two other heavily infected Chinese cities. It hints that thousands and thousands of bodies are being burned...  …
Wuhan reports no new COVID-19 cases, offers hope to world  
Wuhan Flu - Thanks for Everything. - Julie Newmar.
CNN's Hall Monitors Clutch Their Pearls Over OAN Asking About Media Focus on Wuhan Virus Name 
Chinese army salutes the Chinese doctor after eradicating the Covid-19 in Wuhan city. Huu ndio UZALENDO #CoronaVirusUpdate  
At 8:00 pm today local time in #Wuhan. See how few lights there are? One can fake the numbers, but can’t fake the fact that only a few apartments are still lit up. Where have people gone? #CCPVirus #COVID19ON 
President Trump is right! This is the Chinese Wuhan Corona Virus! We need to hold them accountable! 
Started in Wuhan China=Wuhan Virus. Just like these names. Place of origin. Or better yet, tell me why they are named what they are West Nile Virus Zika Virus Ebola Virus German Measles Spanish Flu Marburg Virus Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever Norovirus Lyme Disease
#stemcells reportedly cured 100% of #COVID19 patients in #Wuhan & REVERSED lung damage But #FDA gags info & bans the treatment Still think government will save you? They ban EVERYTHING but #BigPharma drugs & #vaccines as they #shutdown the  …
President @realDonaldTrump is at @FEMA headquarters, speaking via teleconference with America's Governors on preparation, mitigation, and response to Wuhan Corona Virus.(COVID19) video courtesy of 
My older brother lives in China, and has done for 13 years. He lives not too far from Wuhan. Too close for  He runs an English school and lives with his partner, and they began #SelfIsolation about eight weeks ago. We were worried, of course.
“officials green-lighted the massive Chinese Lunar New Year banquet in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province. Xi also bears the responsibility for permitting 5 million people to leave Wuhan untested.”  …
Italy; 902 death in the last 48 hours New York; 1770 new cases and 1425 in total. UK; 643 new cases and 40 new deaths And China's epicenter Wuhan reports ZERO new cases of #coronavirus in the last 24 hours. #CoronaVirusUpdate #COVID19
Watch This Epic Video Montage of Media Repeatedly Saying "Wuhan Coronavirus" - Before it was Considered Racist... Because Orange Man Bad  … via @gatewaypundit
Social media giant #Facebook is reportedly preparing for an increase in #depressed & #anxious users across its platform based on the #Wuhan #Chinese #coronavirus  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica #ChineseCoronavirus 
