There's now a $186 flight from Hong Kong to New York - with a 6-hour stopover in Wuhan  
Combined modeling of Wuhan #nCoV2019 incidence with travel cases by @AdamJKucharski et al. A couple things I particularly like here: 1. Data that the model is being fit to is clearly shown 2. R0 and mobility are not treated as constants  
For the 100th time, it's Wuhan, not Wutang
Wuhan discharged 20 cured patients today ugh my heart
. @seanwhelanRTE has handed in a transfer request to travel to Wuhan and report on the Coronavirus  …
The top infectious disease doctor in the United States says a new study published Thursday night shows people can spread the Wuhan coronavirus before symptoms set in. 
There have been more than 9,800 cases of Wuhan coronavirus globally as of Friday afternoon  
Qantas is not a govt airline but still evacuated 600 Australians from Wuhan. Similarly other airlines did that on request of their govts. @Swamy39 ji's argument is  …
The @hifly_airline A380 has just departed Paris. It will fly to Hanoi, then Wuhan to evacuate French citizens.  
A convenience store we visited in Wuhan yesterday had just received a new shipment of Dettol disinfectant and hand wash — but the logistics of getting those supplies here have  China locked down 50 million people and has to keep them fed  …
Talk about a Friday news dump - US to deny entry to foreign nationals who recently traveled to China - Imposing 14-day quarantine on US citizens returning from China - Federal quarantine on Wuhan travelers - Official Brexit - No impeachment witnesses - Expanded immigration ban
India flies 325 of its citizens out of Wuhan and Bangladesh taking out 361 citizens. But Pakistan abandons it's citizens.
What do Chinese whistle blowers say about #Wuhan #coronarvirus? Chinese youtuber/political show host Mr. Lude said following: 1. China held military drill on Sep. 18th. Before the drill, officials of Hubei province was given a medicine can block corona virus. To be 
 the media are SILENT on the fact that China’s only Level 4 BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS LABORATORY is located in Wuhan, where the #coronavirus started? I guess that don’t want to “offend” the Chinese government. #auspol  …
By imposing temporary travel restrictions on China, the president has taken decisive action to protect Americans against the Wuhan coronavirus.  the administration for taking the situation seriously and erring on the side of caution.
A "wet market" in Wuhan, China has been linked to the coronavirus outbreak. Researchers say wet markets can be problematic—in part because domestic and wild animals from different places are in close proximity, and different viruses can mingle and spread. 
“Thank you Epoch Times for your help saving my mom.” #Toronto resident Jason Wang, whose elderly mother has contracted the #Coronavirus in #Wuhan, says she is finally receiving care at a hospital thanks to @EpochTimes’ reporting on her  …
If you think #coronarvirus came from bat soup, you're racist. If you think it came from a lvl 4 biolab that opened a month prior in Wuhan, you're a conspiracy theorist.
Epoch Times Reporting Helped Mother Finally Receive Care in Wuhan for Coronavirus, Toronto Man Says  …
The streets of the Chinese city of Wuhan now resemble a horror movie as the deadly coronavirus spreads and claims new victims. Warning: Distressing. Full story:  : Hector 
#US 7th confirmed #coronavirus case Santa Clara Co. #CA -a man fell ill following 1/24 return from #Wuhan -man self-isolated at his residence, leaving home 2x to seek medical care. -officials contacting individuals who may  into contact w/ him  …
“Estimates by the University of Hong Kong suggest the true total number of cases could be far higher than official figures suggest. Based on mathematical models...experts there say more than 75,000 people may have been infected in city of Wuhan alone”  …
As news of the #Wuhan #coronavirus continues to evolve, AMA Board of Trustees Chair @DoctorJesseMD shares three key points for physicians to know. Mentioned in the video: @CDCgov interim guidance:  @JAMA_current:  
Turkish Air Force A400M flight crew ready for departure from Wuhan.  …
Workers labor day and night, at the site of Huoshenshan Hospital and Leishenshan Hospital,  emergency specialty hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei province, built  and contain the spread of the novel 
I decided to go for a walk this evening after being down for a couple of days with flu (not the Wuhan virus please) and there was this lady walking her dog who saw me and greeted me first. I greeted her in return and she says “I am so sorry.’ I ask “what for?”...she says BREXIT.
There have been more than 9,800 cases of Wuhan coronavirus globally as of Friday afternoon  
Santa Clara Co. health officials say the man who tested positive for #coronavirus has been self-isolating since he returned from a trip to Wuhan and Shanghai on Jan. 24 and  into contact with few people since he's been home. 
The first charter flight sent by the Chinese government to bring home stranded #Hubei residents from overseas arrived in #Wuhan Friday evening. Departing from Thailand's Bangkok, the airplane brought back 76 people. 
Today's Sinocism is outside the paywall - Wuhan virus; Travel bans; Economic impact; What was known in December? by  …
Be careful out there. As the Wuhan coronavirus reaches global emergency status, phishing attackers are already pouncing. 
The White House takes dramatic steps to contain the Wuhan coronavirus' risk to Americans as officials grapple with an outbreak that sent financial markets plunging, led airlines to cancel flights and challenged scientists with its unusual speed/symptoms.  …
So my sister got a package from Wuhan, China. Here’s what happened. 
AI lifts 366 from Wuhan, to be isolated in Delhi-NCR camps  
US Orders 14-Day Quarantine for 195 Evacuees from Virus-Hit Wuhan  …
Hobart-based public servant Malcolm Scriber is resolute: not going to Christmas Island, the family is staying put in Wuhan.  …
Satellite images show Wuhan — a city of 11 million — almost bereft of cars and people, in a dramatic illustration of how successful the city's quarantine efforts have been in convincing residents to stay home  via 
#China: The Dept of State may be staging additional evacuation flights for U.S. citizens on a reimbursable basis, leaving Wuhan Tianhe Intl Airport on or about Feb 3. Individuals subject to CDC screening and a strong possibility of quarantine. More info:  
More than 200 people have died from a new #coronavirus following an outbreak in the central city of Wuhan, China. While symptoms of the disease have been traced back to December 8, China started reporting the numbers only on December 31  
The seventh confirmed case of the Wuhan coronavirus has been confirmed by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. An adult made in Santa Clara County, California, has tested positive, according to the Santa Clara Public Health Department.
If you like coincidences, how about this one: Wuhan virology labs are working actively on gp120, the main HIV insertion now found in nCOV 
DISTURBING: The U.S. Is Quarantining Citizens Brought Back From Wuhan China. Yet, Patty Hadju Says Canada Won't Do The Same.  …
Twenty #coronavirus-infected patients, aged 15 to 64, are cured and released from #Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Friday. This is the largest number of recovered patients discharged at one time since the epidemic began. 
This is a weird moment. I’m sitting in NYC’s only Wuhan food establishment, rushing through a bowl of 热干面, yet also listening to NYT Daily’s episode about the Wuhan coronavirus, checking the news my friends sent in Wechat, and trying to hold back tears.
Lol the couple escorted out of Canada's lab after samples were sent to Wuhan had experience in both SARS and HIV. The coincidences just keep piling up its remarkable
20 patients were discharged from the hospital in Wuhan on Friday, recovering from the novel 
Uighur Tocharian bodybuilder is ready to use might of legs to  party and stop Wuhan Miasma on 
Ok... So it got out of the Wuhan lab?  …
Honest to god they will fly him over private jet, little stop off in wuhan for a lick of some handrails and a big gulp of some breathe and go on a tour of town, fucking ferguson at the wheel, hi fiving every cunt.  …
All 195 American passengers evacuated from #Wuhan on a charter flight will be #Quarantined in #California, to evaluate whether they have contracted the deadly new strain of #Coronavirus, US federal #Health authorities said on Jan.  …
JUST IN: The Wuhan coronavirus is now a public health emergency in the United States, Alex Azar, secretary of the US Department of Health and Human Services, announced at a White House press briefing 
A vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus is six to 12 months away. To slow the spread of the disease, the world must rely on public health measures 
Unconfirmed report of 4th virus case in Canada, "a woman in her 20s who had traveled recently to Wuhan" h/t  …
Medical workers from all over China saying goodbye to loved ones as they leave for Wuhan city to aid the coronavirus control efforts there. They are together in the fight unlike some vermin wishing it enters Nigeria so they can mock the president. 
Jesse Lingard could French kiss the whole village of Wuhan and still not be able to pass anything to his teammates...
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s mandatory 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who returned from Wuhan, China, is the first such order in more than 50 years 
A recent opinion poll shows that around 80 percent of Hong Kong people are in favor of a total border shutdown to limit the impact of the Wuhan novel coronavirus epidemic, called nCoV-2019 (Wuhan) by the WHO.  …
A passenger who was onboard the US State Department evacuation flight from Wuhan, China, to California tells CNN the CDC mandated 14 day quarantine “is a very good thing" 
Chinese authorities are rushing to build two new hospitals in Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus 
Apologies for not following back but my cat has contracted coronavirus after a sojourn to Wuhan and the goldfish has leprosy for reasons as yet unexplained. Like this tweet and I shall follow back, interfrastically. #HappyBrexit
First, Dr. Eric Feigl-Ding has been spreading a ton of misinformation about nCoV. Second, those amino acids are NOT unique to HIV. Third, the "inserts" they claim are only present in the Wuhan nCoV are actually almost entirely present in the closest bat coronavirus RaTG13.
Dr.Liang who ws trating patients f coronavirus n Wuhan gets infcted while treating patients &  d frst doctor 2 die frm d new Coronavirus. A reminder that while evryone else is tryng 2 avoid it frntline mdical stff e rskng their lives 2 cure it & save others. 
A woman in her 20s in London, ON is Canada’s 4th case of Coronavirus. She had visited Wuhan, was originally tested and declared negative. Now positive with mild symptoms. Dr. David Williams says all health protocols followed to protect workers. #coronavirus 
There's two theories about coronavirus. 1) It's from Chinese people eating weird things at a Wuhan market. 2) It's a biological weapon escaped from a Wuhan lab. Here's @SenTomCotton telling you #1 isn't  …
To see what the #coronavirus outbreak really looks like, Dr. Rajeev Fernando took a one-day trip on Jan 18 to #Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the outbreak. As an infectious disease expert, what he saw was surprising, and alarming. @news_ntd  
#coronavirus: New HK study estimates R of 2.68, doubling of 6.4 days, and +75k Wuhan infections. "inferred that epidemics are already growing exponentially in multiple major cities of China with a lag time behind the Wuhan outbreak of about 1–2 weeks"  …
Before and after high-resolution SkySat imagery reveals one of the new hospitals in Wuhan, China. It was built in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus. 
An Air India flight carrying 324 Indian nationals from the coronavirus hit Hubei Province of China took off from Wuhan in the early hours of Feb 1. Majority of the passengers were Indian students. We sincerely thank the Chinese government for facilitating this flight. (1/3)
Track flights to/from China’s 25 busiest airports and see how to track some of the international evacuation flights from Wuhan.  
Dr. Chris Mackie says she wore masks from Wuhan to Canada, and went straight into home isolation even before she showed symptoms. She continues to be in isolation, and the illness was ‘barely positive” with a high recovery.  …
The #CoronaVirus isn’t stoping these young ladies in Wuhan from finding love on @Tinder 
#BREAKING: Dr. David Williams, Ontario chief medical officer of health, confirms third case of #coronavirus in Ontario - woman in her 20s who came back from Wuhan asymptomatic. 
Air India Spokesperson: Air India special flight takes off from Wuhan (China) with 324 Indians on board. #Coronavirus  
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
I have a friend in Wuhan, and if what he has told me is any indication, things are even worse there than media reports are making it seem. Communism is evil.
Beautiful Gemma (was Gromy) as I see the fear leave her eyes and her bravery allows her to start to trust a human again, it makes me so so proud that you care so much that you donated to allow her rescue Gemma survived #wuhan #meatmarket THANKYOU #dogbus #adoptdontshop 
The fourth confirmed case of #coronavirus - and third in Ontario - is a woman in her 20s who recently travelled to Wuhan. She was in hospital but now in isolation at home and said to be doing well. We are expecting a briefing in about 15 minutes from Health officials  …
#NEW: All 195 US citizens evacuated from #Wuhan will be staying under mandatory quarantine for 14 days. "While we recognize this is an unprecedented action, we are facing an unprecedented public health threat," -  …
Good news! The hospital specialized for #coronarovirus treatment is to  soon in Wuhan!  …
Just because I love y’all, I’m doing a FREE giveaway! Just like and retweet this post for a chance to win a free flight for you and one guest to Wuhan, China!!!
For first time in 50 years, CDC orders a federal quarantine for American evacuees who were flown to California from Wuhan, China, amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
Passengers from the plane that carried Britons from Wuhan in China have arrived at a facility on the Wirral where they will spend 14 days in quarantine
BREAKING: @CDCgov says the Americans evacuated from #Wuhan will be quarantined for 14 days due to: Rapidly increasing number of cases Human-to-human transmission #German case where an *ASYMPTOMATIC* person might have spread #2019nCoV  …
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. 
*Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* 
Modi should send this moron to Wuhan with some cow dung and urine!  …
One of the passengers onboard the @StateDept evacuation flight Wuhan told me they were informed about the CDC mandated 14 day quarantine in a "town hall" like meeting. Their reaction to it: "I think this is absolutely the best decision to keep us and the public safe."
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  …
Beautiful Fiona enjoying a walk with her Foster parents. To think she's experienced the horrors of the #wuhan #meatmarket is just heartbreaking. Fiona made it, she's safe and loved in the #uk Thankyou to everyone who donated towards her rescue #dogbus 
The U.S. has taken the rare step of imposing a quarantine on 195 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, on Wednesday to a military base in California. The group will be held for 14 days. 
LATEST: CDC orders federal quarantine for all 195 passengers who were repatriated from Wuhan, China, and are currently voluntarily quarantined at a base in California. It's the first order of its kind in 50 years. 
A man lies dead in the street: the image that captures the Wuhan coronavirus crisis  …
As Wuhan soldiers through week two of a lockdown, people who’ve been there recently in other parts of China are being tracked down, monitored, and sometimes forcibly quarantined in hotels and their own homes. Read some of their Kafkaesque stories here:  …
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China  
Does it seem coincidental to anyone else that as soon as Trump signed the China Trade Deal that suddenly a viral epidemic outbreak occurred? And that a Harvard Bio-Chem Professor was arrested for lying about his work in Wuhan? I smell a Deep State operation. Am I too suspicious?
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new 
BREAKING: CDC is now ordering the 195 U.S. citizens who were flown from Wuhan China to a military base in Southern California to remain there for 14 days. They've already been there 2 days. It was voluntary. It's now mandatory. So far none of the 195 have  …
Breaking: US has imposed a rare federal quarantine on 195 people who were evacuated from Wuhan. They are being held at March Air Reserve Base in Riverside, Calif., for 14 days.  … #coronarvirus
The CDC, under statutory authority of the Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary, has issued federal quarantine orders to all 195 United States citizens who repatriated to the U.S. on January 29, 2020. The quarantine will last 14 days from when the plane left Wuhan, China.
Our correspondents are on the ground in Wuhan, China. Follow @amyyqin for more updates and read the latest:   …
NEJM report out describing first case of #Wuhan #coronavirus in the United States Notably, the patient’s clinical condition improved after treatment of $GILD remdesivir (GS-5734)  … 
#Coronavirus update: First batch of Indian passengers started boarding from Wuhan, China to India: Health Ministry 
First batch of Indian passengers in Air India special flight that will take off from Wuhan (China) shortly. 
 Indians evacuated from Wuhan boarding Air India flight back to Delhi 
The uprising that quickly ended the Qing dynasty began in #Wuhan in 1911. Today, people in #China are saying the epidemic there is overwhelming the regime. So will Wuhan be "China's Chernobyl"? As Marx told us, history repeats. #WuhanCoronavirus
A healthy 35-year-old man who had visited Wuhan, China, presented to an urgent care clinic in Washington state with cough and fever that progressed to pneumonia. This report describes the diagnosis, clinical course, and management of the condition.
Air India Crew in #Wuhan, China to rescue stranded Indians. 366 Indians rescued, on way back to India. More power to them! 
#ICYMI #Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital  
not  out of Wuhan has the virus. I work in a hospital, and we get a ton of people who recently traveled to  in concerned they're a carrier but so far we only have one confirmed case. just because someone's Asian doesn't mean your life is in danger
Anyone who reads the Epoch Times knows the Chinese Communist Party is an evil organization. The Wuhan virus has now spread throughout China. A significant reason for this is the misguided political concerns of CCP officials. Read Nicole Hao's breakdown: 
God bless and be safe all of you in #wuhan @airindiain  …
Just in | The doctors and Air India staff at #Wuhan Tianhe International Airport. They are there for the evacuation of Indians from the #coronavirus-hit Chinese city. Photo: Special 
I thought #HongKongPolice fully supported #Wuhan ppl - didn’t cops on their Weibo a/c encourage them  to Hong Kong for medical treatment? Hence it’s extremely disappointing to see cops backs away immediately when a man turned up & said he’s from Wuhan! 
This man has just returned from #Wuhan, the city where the epidemic has spread. When the police tried to return him to Wuhan, he refused so police killed him in cold blood. #CoronavirusOutbreak #China #WuHan #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak 
Indian nationals arriving at #Wuhan Airport to take the flight back to India on @airindiain special flight. Being screened and checked. @IndiaToday @MEAIndia @MFA_China @EOIBeijing @China_Amb_India @DrSJaishankar @VikramMisri #cronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Schools in Hong Kong have been suspended until March 2 due to Wuhan coronavirus 
"The foreign minister extended the offer of sending a field hospital to China, as well as sending group of doctors to the brotherly people of China to assist them in the recovery efforts." Field hospital in Wuhan? Give Qureshi a Nobel in medical science!  …
Our Air India crew leaving for Wuhan. These wonderful Men and Women, have left today morning on one of the most difficult evacuation flight of their life along with a medical and engineering team. They all are at risk of contracting the virus from the evacuated passengers. 
It's s miracle, it's a miracle we are all cured!!! Propaganda video by the CCP in Wuhan #coronarvirus Yeah I'm really convinced everything's ok now Credit: Ray 
LOCKDOWN: Haunting drone footage shows nearly empty road and waterways in typically busting Wuhan, China, amid a citywide lockdown over the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
Thought this little cartoon would be nice to share. The dishes behind the window are signature dishes from various provinces in China, and they're showing love and support to the hot and dry noodle dish laying in bed, which is Wuhan's speciality dish. 
I know it's scary but keep in mind that Wuhan Coronavirus only has a 2% fatality rate. I know restaurants with a 2% fatality rate
He is a doctor. This is the moment before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Loved ones. " Allah Bless You " 
Wamos Air 747 now en route to Madrid with the Spanish citizens evacuated from Wuhan.  
NEW: "We don't have bat soups!" Wuhan Noodle 1950 restaurant in Markham says that they've lost two-thirds of their customers. Why? Racist social media rumours, and accounts like 6ixbuzz, that promote them more than a million followers. 
Hundreds of foreign students are on lockdown in Wuhan. Some from Nigeria + Pakistan report campus food shortages and say they want to go home: "I don’t know what our govt is waiting for." Others say they'd rather stay: "Our country is not capable of treating the coronavirus." 
In Wuhan,China , people are cheering up each other to conquer the virus. Meanwhile in the philippines , some pinoys want to #OustDuterte , and also some of them are praying for the Death of the president. #PrayForWuhan 
Air India special flight to evacuate Indian citizens from China's Wuhan today. Wuhan is the epicentre of coronavirus. Salute to the 5 pilots, 15 crew members, 5 doctors & 1 paramedical staff on-board who are carrying out this operation. Pray for them and the Indian citizens.
Here's a  for the rate of spread between the Wuhan #CoronaVirus and #SARS. See the difference. Just to put this in perspective: #SARS from 160 to 5000 cases in ~35 days #CoronaVirus from 120 to 5000 cases in ~11 
That's a copy of the mail from our school. We want to leave Wuhan, China, please @MBuhari  …
3) “An estimated 75815 individuals have been infected in Wuhan” —> this is substantially higher than current reports or ~10k reports by China media. (75k estimate from above Lancet article)
2) Whoa- the rate of increase ***outside of China*** is steeper than inside of China or Wuhan! Figure 1A. From: @TheLancet “Nowcasting and forecasting the potential domestic and international spread of 2019-nCoV  
Looks like he needs a warm bowl of Wuhan bat soup.
Roubar just donated in Rosé name for Wuhan Red Cross which is the 1st time on their own (¥3320). 2nd all together with cfansé (¥27115). They’re the first bar to do so before other pinks’ bars. @RoseChinabar #로제 
Just arrived in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, which has been under lockdown for more than a week now. The mood among locals: anxiety, flashes of anger & frustration, and extreme boredom. Here I am getting my temperature measured in a hotel lobby. 
Yes Mikey @HorsemanCoaches with superhuman drivers who require zero protection against the #Coronavirus collect the Britons evacuated from Wuhan as they arrive in UK at RAF Brize Norton on way to Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral where they will be quarantined for 14 days. 
“This government doesn't care if #HongKongers live or die. You still support this regime?”, #Wuhan #Coronavirus related graffiti on Lennon Wall. The refusal of closing the border w/ China is very likely causing #CoronavirusOutbreak in #HongKong. (Total 13 cases at the 
#coronavirus In just 10 days, scientists in #China have reportedly developed a rapid nucleic test kit that can detect 2019-nCoV coronavirus in under 15 min The test is reportedly mass-manufactured at a rate of 4,000 kits per day with the first batch deployed to #Wuhan  …
A Pakistani student in Wuhan, Fawad Zaman says the fear of coronavirus is like watching a wildfire spreading fast."I m afraid & stuck in my room for the last 13 days.Govt.should send a team & if we are clear,send us back like the Indian & Bangladeshi students who were sent back." 
Again I say: My heart bleeds for our #Pakistani students in #Wuhan & their parents in Pakistan. But how can people demand that the students be flown back while the incubation period is 14 days and we have no quarantine facilities at the airport Is it ignorance or deliberate ?
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
Today, coronavirus has infected at least 9,776 people, with 213 deaths, almost all of them (204) from the Hubei province, home to the city of Wuhan. It is spreading at alarming rates  
Is Red Cross currently trafficking via cargo ships under the guise of Aid to Wuhan? Heard today given green light on customs.
Indian Army has created a Coronavirus quarantine facility near Manesar for monitoring around 300  from Wuhan in China.  …
To the people of Wuhan, we are thinking of you. The city is all but shut down, but its people have not been pushed down. #WuHanJiaYou. Stay strong. Through the Mayor’s #ChineseNewYear Dinner,  has raised funds in support of the people of Wuhan. 
Don't feel guilty. Don't worry. No one wants it to happen. Don't be sad. Don't despair. Fight it together. Chinese fight. Wuhan fight. We love you. Fight through it together.
Assuming SARS-like variation and Wuhan-like transmission, we estimated that once more than three infections have been introduced into a new location, there is an over 50% chance that an outbreak will occur 7/ 
Me chilling at the Wuhan Delta Sky Club 
Coronavirus may have infected over 100,000 people in Wuhan, scientists believe  …
I've been seeing " #nCoV is a bioweapon!" and "the Wuhan lab is a bioweapons facility!" going around again, and first: stop. If this was a bioweapon, it'd be the bioweapon all the other bioweapons in kindergarten shun because It's. So. Bad. (at being a bioweapon). 1/4
Sixty-two countries have implemented some form of immigration control on Chinese citizens, as the deadly coronavirus has spread from Wuhan -- capital of China's Hubei province -- around the world. 
Scientists at last found the origin of coronavirus.They say, the first victim of this virus had shook hands with a mentally challenged stand  in Mumbai & when he reached back Wuhan, he was diagnosed with this virus. China has asked India to put  in a cage
There's a $193 flight available between Hong Kong and New York City. It includes a six-hour stopover in Wuhan  …
#coronavirusuk #coronavirus #BorisJohnson @MattHancock why are the bus drivers escorting the UK citizens from #wuhan not wearing any protective gear? There is a medic in a hazmat suit next to them! They will have to go into quarantine. This is a serious breach in public safety 
CORONAVIRUS LIVE UPDATES: Currently 9,776 Infected, 213 Deaths Globally Wuhan’s Mayor said containment of the virus is “severe   … via @SaraCarterDC
Do 'intellectuals' like Tapan Bose realise it is the same Indian army he abuses  in to create an emergency healthcare facility for Indians returning from #Wuhan. From protecting borders to people, from disaster relief to building bridges, literally & metaphorically.  
I’m just a student but I hope that my donation can help the Wuhan people get the medical help and supplies they need. The donation was made under Doyoung’s name as he has always inspired me to care for others around me and abroad #HAPPYDOYOUNGDAY 
He is a doctor. This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Love once. " Allah Bless You " #كورونا #coronarovirus 
A "wet market" in Wuhan, China, is being named as a probable source of the coronavirus outbreak. Here's a look at what wet markets are — and why disease researchers say they can be problematic 
While whole world is panicked about #CoronavirusOutbreak & trying to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, China.India is also trying to take out its citizens from Wuhan.But only country who want to show solidarity towards China and let their citizens die in wuhan is #Pakistan. Wow
Timelapse video shows the construction of makeshift hospital Leishenshan for #coronavirus patients in Wuhan. 55% of the construction  The hospital is expected to receive patients on Feb 6. 
These early estimates underscore that it will likely take rapid immediate scale-up of substantial public health control measures to prevent large epidemics in areas outside Wuhan. In our new issue @richardhorton1 shares early lessons from the  …
An estimated 75815 individuals have been infected in Wuhan, substantially higher than current reports. 
17 cities in China are on lockdown because of the coronavirus, affecting 50M people. Trucks have been allowed to deliver food and supplies. Wuhan (which has a bigger population than NYC) has closed schools, subways and most of downtown, forcing people to walk or bike. 
This new modelling study estimates 75,800 individuals in the Chinese city of Wuhan may have been infected with 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as of January 25, 2020 - but authors caution that the true size of the epidemic remains unclear  
NEW #coronavirus research: Modelling study estimates potential domestic and international spread of the 2019-nCoV outbreak originating in Wuhan, China. All Lancet #coronavirus content is fully and freely available at our 2019-nCoV Resource Centre  
A moment of thought for the entire crew of @airindiain who’ve flown out to get 400+ Indians stranded in #Wuhan without worrying about their own health getting inflicted with #CoronaVirus. We pray & wish they all remain safe and unaffected while helping India 
Twenty novel #coronavirus patients were discharged from Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan on Friday, the highest number of recovered patients at one time. Their ages range from 15 to 64
#Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital  
Maybe 5 years from now Hollywood would make a movie about Coronavirus originating from Wuhan, China. Just like they’ve made CONTAGION (2011) based on the 1990s Nipah virus from Malaysia. Nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Horror Film. And as usual, many may soon forget it 
Wuhan virus: K-pop boy band Got7's Singapore concert on Feb 22 postponed  …
This tweet is kinda picking up, so gonna drop this GoFundMe here. The Wuhan Univ. Greater Alumni Association of NY is raising money for medical supplies (which are in short supply) for people in Wuhan. Please consider donating  …
Multiple layered monitoring facility for Indian students returning from Wuhan established by the armed forces medical branch. Whenever called, armed forces are always there. On the other hand Pak has left its students to die just for a few bits of crumbs given by China. 
Get up close with Huoshenshan Hospital: The first SARS treatment-model hospital being built in Wuhan will be put into use on Monday. #coronavirus 
There are many things more viral than the "Wuhan" virus, these stats won't be one of those things. 
#China - A woman wears a plastic water bottle with a cutout to cover her face, as she walks on a footbridge in Hong Kong, as a preventative measure following a virus outbreak which began in the Chinese city of Wuhan. #AFP 
Called Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi today to thank him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan. As China deals with the #coronavirus challenge, we agreed to stay in touch.
The government's handling of the Wuhan crisis has been fast, efficient and effective so far. Teams in position quickly, medical facilities identified, doctors deployed, Air India in position,  Lets pray the situation remains under control.
He asked me “can you help me where the pool area is?” “Sure, the gym and the pool were at the same floor. Is right around the corner of the gym” and he said “i’m not sick. I’m not from wuhan” and he can’t even look at me in the eyes. He was actually wearing a mask and I dont...
Indian spin doctors at work Pakistan official said it’s not evacuating citizens from China’s Wuhan because WHO "does not  evacuation"  …
The international panic over the Wuhan coronavirus has taken another, more familiar form -- the re-emergence of old racist tropes that portray Asians, their food, and their customs as unsafe and  
#WATCH Air India special flight from Delhi lands in Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians. 
Pakistani restaurants open your door for free halal food to all Pakistani students  & also for Chinese's. ZamZam restaurant, wuhan city announced that if you have no money, take free meal & if you want to pay than pay after 10 Feb not yet #coronavirus 
Excellent overview of the #Wuhan #coronavirus. Some key points: More total cases of #2019nCoV than SARS Rate of new cases is accelerating Spreads more easily & is more deadly than seasonal flu Unlike #influenza, NO treatments or  …
This is the moment a plane carrying 83 British nationals from Wuhan - the centre of the coronavirus outbreak - lands at RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire  
Good news! 20 infected people recovered and got discharged from the Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan today. The oldest one is 64-yesr-old and the youngest one is 15-year-old. #WuhanCoronovirus 
Time lapse: The dormitories to house medical workers in Leishenshan Hospital, the second makeshift hospital in Wuhan, are  
A plane carrying 83 Britons and 27 foreign nationals to the UK from Wuhan, which is at the centre of the coronavirus outbreak, has landed at RAF Brize Norton Passengers will be kept in isolation for 14 days  
Doctors and nurses are bravely saying goodbye to their families as they’re deployed to Wuhan to fight the coronavirus outbreak. Or as it has been described as “coronavirus suicide mission”. #coronavirus 
The Air India pilots leading operation Wuhan Airlift #WuhanCoronovirus --Capt Amitabh Singh Executive Commander & Director Operations --CaptKamal Mohan Commander --Capt Sanjay Achalkar First Officer --Capt SH Rex’s Commander --Capt Bhupesh Narain First 
Twenty recovered #coronavirus patients, aged 15 to 65, were discharged from the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Friday. They represent the largest number of people discharged at the same time since the outbreak began. 
Coronavirus: Britons evacuated from Wuhan arrive in UK  …
Workers labor day and night at the construction site of Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan. As of Thursday noon, altogether 1,000 prefabricated room units have been carried to the site and 7,000 of them have been assembled. #novelcoronavirus 
#UPDATE Air India special flight which departed today from Delhi has landed in Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians.  …
Air India's Boeing 747 led by its director operations Amitabh Singh while leaving for Wuhan today. #coronavirus #special 
Bargain flights between Hong Kong and New York have emerged in the wake of the new coronavirus — as long as travelers are willing to stop in Wuhan 
Nigerian Students in Wuhan are also waiting  home @abikedabiri  @GeoffreyOnyeama  …
Makes ya wonder if this coronavirus is another evil demonic deep state distraction. Who is Bill Gates? What’s in Wuhan? Who owns the patent?
A 67-year-old man and his wife, both previously infected with novel #coronavirus, were discharged on Friday from a hospital in Wuhan.  
Update: Construction of the first #Coronarivus hospital in #Wuhan, or #Huoshenshan hospital has entered its eighth day. Here’s the latest video on its  …
The Wamos Air flight carrying European citizens from Wuhan has begun its descent into Brize Norton.  … 
Huh. Guess which area of China he has ties to.. yup. WUHAN.  …
#expertview Zhong Nanshan, one of China's leading respiratory experts and a hero of the 2003 fight against SARS, said that huge concentrated outbreak of Wuhan coronavirus won't happen.  …
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has created a facility near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, China. Families and children will be taken to this facility from the Airport. #Coronavirus  
“I think I’ll be much more useful here than in France.” A French doctor has vowed to stay in China’s Wuhan city to help fight the coronavirus 
Oh to be a diaspora tankie grifter ignoring the really serious issues inside Wuhan to be clawing clout from English speaking Twitter
Coronavirus: Man found dead in street in face mask, alone on Wuhan city centre pavement 
A friend at a big law firm in LA shares that their entire law office was coronavirus disinfo’d — one guy got an email forward about “dozens in LA” coughing up blood, Wuhan virus devastates (some random LA suburb), even listed BCD Tofu House as a contamination site. All fake. Fake
It’s Friday in Wuhan and I’m stepping out for a while. We’re a week into the lockdown, and in some ways the city — at least this part of it — feels more sci-fi deserted than ever. There’s much more actual news on the Times’ live briefing.  
Good news! Around 5 pm Friday, 20 patients infected with novel #coronavirus were discharged from Jinyintan Hospital, a major hospital treating the deadly spreading virus in #Wuhan, marking the largest number of simultaneous discharges since the outbreak. 
Wuhan Nurse reveals the truth of Corona Virus. Keep safe everyone! (ctto) 
Wuhan virus: First Singaporean confirmed to have virus; she was on Scoot flight from Wuhan  …
14th, 15th, 16th cases of Wuhan virus confirmed in S’pore, including 1st S’porean. MOH also updated that the 13th case stayed at ParkRoyal Collection Pickering and Oasia Hotel Downtown prior to isolation.  
The World Health Organization has declared the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak a public health emergency of international concern, after an  reconvened Thursday in Geneva 
#CORONAVIRUS: ITBP creates a facility swiftly near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, #China. Families will be monitored by a qualified team of doctors to watch for any signs of 
Update regarding Wuhan Novel Coronavirus: 
Israeli youths send 100,000 masks and gloves to Wuhan more:  
Indictment unsealed. Harvard professor developed Wuhan virus and sold to Chinese for 1.4 million dollars:  …
The South Korean government is sending a second charter flight to Wuhan to repatriate South Korean citizens 
More #coronavirus cases around the world - The second flight evacuating Japanese nationals trapped in #Wuhan has returned to Japan. Two male passengers, in their 30s and 50s, have been diagnosed with #coronavirus. This raised Japan’s total number to 
Hong Kong has seized 68,000 surgical masks with an allegedly false manufacturing date from a local pharmacy, according to a police statement. It's part of a city-wide crackdown on fake surgical masks amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
This is the Air India crew that has gone to Wuhan today morning. Way beyond their call of duty to evacuate our fellow brethren who are stuck there. The NDA/BJP Govt wants to snatch the livelihoods of these brave men @women through it it’s ill considered Sell out 
My timeline's full of Chinese people helping Pinoys. Remember that not all are from Wuhan, most of them grew up here and have lived here for decades. A lot of them are Pinoy at heart. 
Israel is requiring all airline passengers returning to the country from mainland China to self-quarantine for two weeks to decrease the chances of transmission of the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Gonna debunk this real quick Clorox and  the Coronavirus because it existed before 2020 The Wuhan outbreak is just a new strand of the virus that's evolved over the years and scientists haven't confirmed whether these cleaning products can deal with the new strain  …
#IndianArmy If you do not see us, it means we are doing our job. #CORONAVIRUS #IndianArmy responding to the emergency has created a facility near #Manesar for quarantine of approximately 300 #Indian students arriving from #Wuhan #China. 'अदृश्य लेकिन 
India's Wuhan evacuation operation - thread.  …
As well as UK nationals we are also bringing Spaniards & other Europeans home on our flight from Wuhan. I want to thank @AranchaGlezLaya & Spanish authorities for your support to help make this evacuation happen @ukinspain  …
#BREAKING Plane carrying French citizens evacuated from China's Wuhan lands in southern France 
A very video sent by an indian in Wuhan of Indian citizens boarding their long awaited transport to the airport for the first evacuation flight 
The big question is how did the Wuhan ‘researchers’ acquire the most virulent and deadly pathogens on earth? Maybe the Chinese-Canadian scientists being escorted from their labs and  from Manitoba university shortly after shipments of pathogens arrived in Wuhan?
JUST IN: German military plane leaves Cologne for the Chinese city of Wuhan on a mission to evacuate more than 100 people, including dozens of German citizens. Follow our live updates on the coronavirus outbreak here:  
#Coronavirus enters the UK on the same day that #Brexit happens. If the UK was a nightclub it would be a case of...Wuhan in, Juan out. Thank you so much. I'll be doing better stuff than that tonight in Newport, UK and tomorrow in Swansea, GAC (Gweriniaeth Annibynnol Cymru)
Wife saying goodbye to the doctor before he goes outside with the purpose of serving people in Wuhan city, China. This picture is worth a thousand words #coronavirus 
Western researchers knew coronaviruses were present in Chinese bats in 2015. Wuhan’researchers’were included in this study that tested monoclonal antibodies from Ebola strains that had no effect on curing the mutant coronavirus. #coronaviruschina #outbreak  …
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has created a facility near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, China. Families and children will be taken to this facility from the Airport. 
The international panic over the Wuhan coronavirus has taken another, more familiar form -- the re-emergence of old racist tropes that portray Asians, their food, and their customs as unsafe and  
It’s rare to be spotted on the street by a reader. Even rarer, and more special, when it’s on the grim streets of Wuhan. Wang Yu, a teacher here, said he’s been following the international coverage of the crisis. He had a very simple message: pay attention, work together. 
Brit stranded in Wuhan missed the British plane but was told by the Foreign Office "one of Britain's EU partners" cld fly him out. small human illustration of what we lose today. #notmybrexit 
Hi all racists on twitter. These works are created for your moron brains. And yes，We Chinese  for all your pathetic ass with this eye spreading，bat powered，bio-weaponized #conoravirus . #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #wuhanconoravirus #WuhanFlu #WuhanLockDown #Chinavirus 
BREAKING: two cases of coronavirus being treated at Newcastle's infectious disease unit. New Gov advice:  back from China with respiratory symptoms should self isolate for 14 days.  back from Wuhan, with symptoms or not, should self isolate for 14 days.
Chief Executive Carrie Lam warns #HongKong people not to go to the mainland due to the #Wuhan virus, but says stopping  to Hong Kong would be discriminatory.  …
Huge respect for this Chinese nurse saying goodbye to her family while leaving Shanghai for Wuhan as a volunteer to treat #coronavirus patients. PC: Ding Ting/Zuma Press #coronavirus 
In Video: Flight MF8664 of Xiamen Airlines arrived at Kota Kinabalu Airport, Malaysia, at 4:35pm local time and is scheduled to fly 124 Wuhan tourists back home. All passengers onboard have normal body temperature and will receive another physical check after landing in Wuhan. 
#CORONAVIRUS #IndianArmy responding to the emergency has created a facility near #Manesar for quarantine of approximately 300 #Indian students arriving from #Wuhan #China, students will be monitored by a qualified team of doctors, to watch for any signs of infection. 
The WHO has declared the Wuhan coronavirus an international emergency. What does that actually mean? | Analysis by 
Lieber is a Harvard chemical biologist who was receiving $50K per month while working in Wuhan  …
Australia spends hundreds of billions of Taxpayer money on Defence, War machines, bombs & already obsolete Submarines yet when we face an Emergency situation in evacuating Citizens from Wuhan, it’s a user-pay system. LNP are not for Australians #auspol
India is flying about 400 citizens out of Wuhan today 
To create and manage a facility for quarantine of approx 300 Indian students arriving from #Wuhan, China, Indian Army has swiftly created a facility near Manesar where the students can be monitored for a duration of two weeks @ThePrintIndia 
Isolating Wuhan returnees in India is now a full fledged Indian Army/armed forces operation. The isolation centre at Manesar is a huge quarantine facility & those infected will be isolated in Delhi Cantonment in another facility. Full details here ... 
A man lies dead in the street: the image that captures the Wuhan coronavirus crisis  …
Just in: Indian army creates a quarantine facility for approximately 300 Indian students who will be arriving from wuhan near Manesar, Gurugram. 
Indian Army: Screening of the Indian students from Wuhan, China, at the airport will be done by a joint team of Armed Forces Medical Services (AFMS) and Airport Health Authority (APHO). #coronavirus
Indian Army has created a facility near Manesar, Haryana for quarantine of approximately 300 Indian students who will be arriving from Wuhan, China. At the facility, students can be monitored for a duration of weeks by a qualified team of doctors and staff members. 
Indian Army setting up corona virus isolation centre in Manesar for Wuhan returnees. 
The UK confirms its first two cases of Wuhan coronavirus. Chief Medical Officer: “We can confirm that two patients in England, who are members of the same family, have tested positive for coronavirus.”
5 pilots, 15 cabin crew, 5 doctors & 1 para medic along with Amitabh Singh Chief of Pilots in Air India left for Wuhan to evacuate Indians. Big Salute to the heroes. 
Hong Kong's Polytechnic University has developed new face masks that could be reusable for up to 70 times, amid citywide precautions against the Wuhan coronavirus 
A ten-year-old boy helps his father pack emergency lights into boxes, which will be sent to the construction site of the second makeshift hospital dedicated to #coronavirus treatment in #Wuhan. 
French doctor is infected with Wuhan coronavirus in the country's first human-to-human spread 
The heros of our time! Wuhan Air India Crew that will be reaching Wuhan for evacuation of Indian citizens. #WuhanCoronavirus  
The international panic over the Wuhan coronavirus has taken another, more familiar form -- the re-emergence of old racist tropes that portray Asians, their food, and their customs as unsafe and  
Dear TATAY FYI, Wuhan and surrounding province has been in LOCKDOWN since LAST WEEK. Anong TRAVEL BAN on them pinagsasabi mo! “Best and brightest” government tlga! SUSPEND VISA upon ARRIVAL temporarily, PROTECT us, not your BOSS! Sincerely Chad
Two news items today. 1. #Pakistan abandons it's citizens caught in #Wuhan #coronavirus lockdown to show solidarity with #China 2. Indian govt sends a #AirIndia plane with doctors to Wuhan to airlift it's people trapped Thats the difference of living in India & Pakistan..
Two Pakistani students offer a glimpse into Wuhan city, the epicentre of #coronavirus which is now cut off from the outside 
French citizens board a plane during their evacuation from #coronavirus-hit Wuhan, China. Police guard a holiday resort near Marseille where the evacuated French citizens are expected to be put in quarantine for 14 days @hectorretamal and Gerard 
环球时报weibo update"This morning, the Global Times went to Wuhan to send special correspondents to the Tongji Hospital affiliated to Huazhong University of Science and Technology.During the interview, they happened to meet a group of caring people who helped Wuhan " 
Hong Kong has seized 68,000 surgical masks with an allegedly false manufacturing date from a local pharmacy, according to a police statement. It's part of a city-wide crackdown on fake surgical masks amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
A moment of silence for all the bad books that will be written by ‘those’ expats in China about “surviving” the Wuhan Coronavirus.
Bargain flights between Hong Kong and New York have emerged in the wake of the new coronavirus — as long as travelers are willing to stop in Wuhan 
VIRAL VIDEO IN WUHAN, CHlNA-QUARANTINED RESIDENTS LIFTING EACH-OTHERS SPIRITS-SINGING PATRIOTIC SONGS: “WUHAN STAY STRONG, YOU CAN DO IT!” The city, home to roughly 11 million people, was the epicenter for the coronavirus outbreak which has now spread across the globe. 
Niggas if you were to choose between buying her flowers and walking with them in Nairobi and travelling to China, what time will you depart for Wuhan?
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Long Winding, who was treating patients of Carona virus in Wuhan, gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from Carona virus. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusWho 
Movie i’ll watch Plane to Wuhan Starring entire Duterte Government #OustDuterte
facts abt the virus i learned today in bio class ! pls rt for awareness - people don’t want to call it wuhan virus anymore because it seemed disrespectful to the people living there - the virus will die even if u wash ur hands with only water ( it’s that easy )
China is building two dedicated hospitals in Wuhan to help treat the thousands of people affected by the deadly coronavirus  
Australia: we’re interning Wuhan quarantinees on Christmas Island, in conditions so bad that people are choosing to stay in Wuhan. France:  …
From the world of #tabletennis and the whole ITTF family: Be strong, #Wuhan 
To make this super clear, the information AND video was from AFP in Wuhan. I am encouraged by the questions about verification from people — you have high media literacy! And checking is the best inoculation against misinformation.
“Not all Chinese are bad people”: Wuhan resident’s Facebook post goes viral  …
'BRAVELY SERVING ON THE FRONT LINE' LOOK: A doctor prepares to enter the isolation ward at a hospital in Wuhan, China. | via AFP 
Good morning to all the Britons on the Wuhan to Brize Norton express, currently over Siberia in a rented 747 while racing home for their Brexit day quarantine. 
The World Health Organization has declared the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak a public health emergency of international concern, after an  reconvened Thursday in Geneva 
Inter president Steven Zhang is sending supplies of 300 thousand masks to Wuhan and Hubei  against coronavirus. The shipment should be there next week.  …
It's been exactly one week since #China began working on the 1000 bed Hospital in #wuhan, video from the site today shows  transformation which would hopefully save lives of people affected by the #WuhanVirus #Cornoavirus 
The international panic over the Wuhan coronavirus has taken another, more familiar form -- the re-emergence of old racist tropes that portray Asians, their food, and their customs as unsafe and  
18 South Koreans evacuated from Wuhan are hospitalised after showing symptoms of #coronavirus  Ambulances carry South Korean citizens repatriated from the Chinese city of #Wuhan away from Gimpo airport in Seoul 
Anyone else notice that the usual #woke #SocialJustice warrior #snowflake #elite saw #China's barbaric treatment of animals in #wuhan cause a world wide viral outbreak and instead of calling out the #Communist nation they decided to... accuse #Auspol of racism #coronavirus
Air India ( @airindiain) special flight departs from #Delhi for #China's #Wuhan for evacuation of Indians following outbreak of novel #CoronaVirus in neighbouring 
Workers are racing against the clock to meet the deadline at the construction site of Leishenshan Hospital, central China's Wuhan.  
[WARNING: potentially upsetting for some]: A dead man lying on the streets of Wuhan. According to AFP, over the course of two hours, 15 ambulances passed by and nobody did anything. It is unclear what he died of. But a scene from ground zero. 
Fighting the Wuhan virus: Important research breakthrough by @DukeNUS & Singapore healthcare partners. They have successfully cultured the #coronavirus. It will be used for developing diagnostic methods, potential cures and more.  #NUSImpact 
Doctors in Wuhan are making their own protection masks 
Oversees the construction process of Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital through aerial images taken by Jilin-1 high-resolution optical remote sensing satellite. The Huoshenshan Hospital is expected to open around Feb 2, providing 700 to 1,000 beds for patients with 
Poor Pak nationals left to die in Wuhan for just a few dollars in aid. Are lives of Pak nationals worth only in Chinese aid. Hope Pak learns from India and cares for its own people Coronavirus: Air India special flight to take off from Wuhan at 12.50 pm  …
Plane leaves Wuhan, China with 110 British and EU nationals on board. Keep up to date with the international response to the outbreak here: 
195 Americans flew from Wuhan on a “surreal” plane flight to California, only to begin a waiting process. They must clear medical tests that could take 72 hours or many days. 
Ebola kills half of the people who get it. SARS killed 10% of those infected. The new coronavirus from Wuhan appears far less fatal—and that presents a different problem 
WTF, @AdamsonUni? What is this blatant discrimination against Chinese students? Hindi naman tutubo nalang sa katawan nila bigla ang nCov dahil Chinese sila? All of those who have been to Wuhan and other parts of China needs to observe self-quarantine, not just the Chinese! 
News Daily: Brexit day arrives and Britons leave Wuhan 
Chinese authorities reported more than 40 Wuhan coronavirus deaths on Thursday, the most fatal day yet in the outbreak. The total death toll is 213, with almost 10,000 cases confirmed worldwide. 
A photo of an elderly man, wearing a face mask and carrying a plastic bag, lying dead in a Wuhan street as cyclists peddle past has shown what conditions in the locked-down city are really like. 
Morrison’s claim that Labor charged Australians for tickets on charter flights out of Egypt during the 2011 uprising is an outright falsehood. The cost (about $3400 per person) was borne by the Government. Why is #ScottyfromMarketing slugging Aussies to get them out of Wuhan? 
How to cure the WARS epidemic in China? When President Trump's  insist China to deliver what is promised in the First Round trade agreement and head to the second term trade negotiation, the epidemic in Wuhan will very soon disappear. 
"From January 1, 2020, through to January 20, 2020, for a full 20 days, not a word appeared in the CCP’s official People’s Daily newspaper about the epidemic in Wuhan." An incisive reading of the Party's main organs during the Wuhan virus. 
Caixin is rocking it. Today they have interview w Li Wenliang, one of the 8 doctors reprimanded by Wuhan police for "spreading rumors" about suspected SARS cases. We now know they were early coronavirus cases & the doctors considered heroes.  …
LIVE: A second #SARS treatment-model hospital, Leishenshan Hospital, is under construction in Wuhan, China. It's expected to be put into use within a week. #coronavirus  …
An elderly man collapsed and died along a street near a hospital in Wuhan on Thursday. An emergency vehicle arrived carrying police and medical staff in full-body protective suits to inspect the body. | via AFP 
Why is the @ScottMorrisonMP government proposing a charter flight to evacuate and isolate Australian Wuhan residents when daily flights are still arriving from China. It makes no sense #CoronavirusOutbreak
Context for this photo, this is the staff at the emergency medicine staff at Wuhan University's Zhongnan hospital holding up their party branch flag. At the hospital, all 66 different branches & total of 936 party members are working tirelessly to fight the coronavirus.  
Restaurant owners say #HongKong people are too scared to go out to eat and drink now because of the #Wuhan virus outbreak, and closing the border is the only way to restore confidence.  …
A man lies dead in the street: the image that captures the Wuhan coronavirus crisis  …
Little Yellow, Little Blue, Brother Red Bull. This by @kerrya11en on China's love for "the cutest and most hard working little forklifts" building the new hospital in Wuhan is the more adorable thing you'll read on the #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
It's hard to keep up with developments with #2019nCoV, but I see Japan has at least 12 cases now. Here's at least the 2nd in someone who didn't leave Japan, but was in contact with someone from #Wuhan.  
Thanks to rapid and open data sharing by @TheDohertyInst, @unimelb, @DohertyGenomics,  now includes the genome from the #nCoV2019 case in Melbourne, Australia. It groups with genomes from CA, Paris and Taiwan and is consistent with direct import from Wuhan. 
He is a doctor This is d moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat virus patients.This is a coronovirus suicide mission &many of these brave doctors &nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". Human Story is same everywhere 
Hong Kong has seized 68,000 surgical masks with an allegedly false manufacturing date from a local pharmacy, according to a police statement. It's part of a city-wide crackdown on fake surgical masks amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
“Indonesian medical laboratories lack the testing kits needed to rapidly detect the Wuhan coronavirus...and the virus may already be present in country despite government claims of no infections.”  …
Gene sequencing to detect Wuhan or novel coronavirus can take up to 5 or 6 days. Australia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Cambodia and the Philippines have all reported cases of coronavirus - but Indonesia has not reported any confirmed cases yet.
Medical experts raise concerns about Indonesia's ability to detect novel coronavirus. The reagents - chemicals used in specific testing kits to identify the Wuhan, or novel, coronavirus - are not yet in the country. They'll arrive in next few days 
China has responded at lightning speed to the virus that has struck Wuhan. Despite impressive efforts to contain this disease, it is a human tragedy no one could have expected and we in Pakistan stand by our all-weather friend in this moment of trial. Stay strong @CathayPak
Over 40 million people in China have been watching livestreams of workers in Wuhan rushing to build 2 new hospitals for patients with #nCoV2019, showing their support in the battle. Some netizens cheer on the construction process by making up nicknames for trucks working on 
Ridiculous - stay in Wuhan if you don’t like the rules  …
Just In #Wuhan hospitals are short of everything: medical supplies, bed, ambulance, doctors, nurses... One patient waited hours to be sent to hospital. He died waiting. "A sudden fever... and he was gone." video source @chenqiushi404 #WuhanCoronavirus 
#coronarvirus - Air India flight to evacuate Indians from Wuhan today -WHO finally wakes up, declares a global health emergency, praises China’s handling! - Pak rejects appeals from its citizens in Wuhan, says no evacuation coz China is a friend - Economy next casualty @WIONews
China is sending a plane to bring back Wuhan/Hubei residents currently overseas. This is the chance, your home  to pick you up! Let's start packin..... uh, where'd everyone go?  …
I salute to these medical workers in Wuhan working tirelessly during the coronavirus outbreak. They even don’t have time to take a proper lunch break. My heart goes out with them. #PrayForWuhan #WuhanCoronovirus #ChinaVirus #WHO #coronarvirus 
An Air India 747 is currently en route from Mumbai to Delhi to collect medical supplies. It will then fly to Wuhan to bring back Indian citizens.  
Before I leave, I need to post this. It is now the one month anniversary of the New Year's Eve announcement. People's Daily made a post concerning the discovery of a new virus in Wuhan. If People's Daily knew, then Beijing knew. They all knew.  …
C-BLINKs raised money （23,575.17 yuan）through us and our group members donated 3,000 yuan to help the coronavirus in Wuhan @ygent_official 
How’s this for a twist - China announces it will send charter planes to overseas... to pick up Wuhan/Hubei residents who are abroad... and bring them back to China ... because of the #coronavirus outbreak 
A friend in China just informed that @airindiain is sending its flight and crew to get the Indians back from Wuhan. Assuming true please spare a thought for the captain and crew. We criticise a lot but this requires exemplary dedication knowing the risks involved.
Handong can't go home since her home is in Wuhan. She can't see her family that probably lives there...Please I hope she is in a safe place and fine, and all her family too
The national carrier once  to the rescue - this time to evacuate Indians from Wuhan, the site of the outbreak of coronavirus. This mission begins today with a Jumbo 747 operating between Delhi and Wuhan. Jai Hind
I mentioned the unearthly quiet on this street in Wuhan, and then of course this fellow came along. Turn up the sound. The sad coda is that there was someone disabled in that bed, and the old man was using loud music to attract attention for donations. Hard  by now. 
UPDATE: Filming for Idol Producer has recently been cancelled for the time being due to the Coronavirus outbreak. Wuhan is in quarantine, Handong can’t visit her family. For now we don’t know if she can return to Korea. Let's hope for the best guys.  …
“Scientific prevention, don’t panic, don’t let rumors do more harm than help.” Banners have been going up on the streets in this part of Wuhan. This crisis has shown how political banner culture lives in China. 
China coronavirus: #HongKong’s public officials insist they are powerless to act to isolate Wuhan visitors in the city. But the Chief Executive has a lot of power to do more if this is a public health emergency. Check out the law below.  … 
Air India crew leaving Mumbai to evacuate India citizens from Wuhan, China. What will we do without @airindiain 's several evacuations over years. Be safe. . 
Air India Spokesperson: Air India special flight will depart today from Delhi for Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians. 
China decided to send chartered flights overseas to fly stranded Hubei, especially Wuhan citizens back home, according to a foreign ministry spokesperson on Friday. 
#BREAKING China to bring overseas #Wuhan citizens back to city: state media 
The US State Department raised its travel advisory for China to Level 4: Do Not Travel -- the highest level -- due to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
The total number of Wuhan coronavirus cases has risen to 9,692, China's National Health Commission has announced -- a jump of 1,982 from the previous day. 
Reaction to death of elderly man on the streets of #Wuhan highlights fear pervading the epicentre of #coronarvirus  Hector 
Global defence. Passengers and staff wear masks at a Sri Lanka airport. Ambulances line up to meet a Wuhan evacuation flight in South Korea. Journalists cover a cruise ship in Italy as passengers are tested for the virus. Medical staff screen passengers at an Ethiopian airport 
#Coronavirus official figures update: 213 dead; 9720 infected; 15,238 suspected to have been infected; 179 recovered and discharged. Hubei alone 5806 infected and 204 dead. Wuhan city 2639 infected and 159 dead. #China
LIVE: Thousands of workers are racing against the time to construct Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan. The facility is expected to be put into use in three days.  …
#China Travel Advisory Update: Level 4- Do not travel due to novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan. On 1/30 the WHO determined the outbreak a Public Health Emergency of Int’l Concern. Those in China should consider departing  means.  
You are right to be frustrated @AnnastaciaMP . During a Monday briefing I asked Australia’s Chief Medical Officer why Border Security weren’t tracing all recent arrivals from Wuhan. His reply was quite unsatisfactory #auspol  …
Chinese authorities are trying to contain the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak while other countries evacuate their citizens from Wuhan. At the same time, scientists are racing to learn more about the virus and develop a vaccine. Here are the latest updates: 
The State Department elevates its warning and tells Americans not to travel to China due to the recent Wuhan coronavirus outbreak 
“This is a very hard moment for us,” Felicity Feng says. As Wuhan residents stay at home, her father is overseeing construction of a coronavirus hospital 
Further evacuation from Wuhan.  … 
US State Department travel warning: “Do not travel to China due to novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, China. ...Commercial carriers have reduced or suspended routes to and from China....”  …
BREAKING: U.S. State Dept issues 'Do Not Travel to China' advisory due to novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, China. "Travelers should be prepared for travel restrictions to be put into effect with little or no advance notice."  …
This is one of the more infuriating sentences I’ve written on Twitter: The 8 people detained in Wuhan for “spreading rumors” — who we wrote about in a Jan. 2 article that was censored — were doctors trying to raise the alarm about a new SARS-like virus.   …
According to a nurse in Wuhan, staff are overwhelmed, resources are running low, and there are no beds. There are so few hazmat suits that staff disinfect them to wear the next day. Around 30 of the 500 medical staff at her hospital are now sick. 
JUST IN: U.S. State Department issues advisory, warning citizens, "Do not travel to China due to novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan."  
“Imagine being a Wuhan citizen…they can't get any medical treatments…they can only sit and wait to die.” Follow @EpochTimesChina A #Wuhan citizen spoke out about the #Coronavirus, saying the symptoms do not match what authorities are telling 
Lokohan ba to? Hubei province, specially Wuhan City, is already on lockdown. No travelers will  out of that area because there is simply no way of transportation from there. A big chunk of confirmed cases are outside this province, BAN ALL TRAVELS FROM CHINA ALTOGETHER.  …
7. The crew of the special flight is travelling with masks, gloves and disinfectant sprays and will not get off the aircraft in Wuhan.
5. About 325 passengers waiting in Wuhan will be brought back today.
"I'm more useful here": French doctor stays in Wuhan to fight #coronavirus  
It would be a good idea if both Civil Aviation Minister @HardeepSPuri & health Minister @drharshvardhan go on first evacuation flight to Wuhan. They must lead by example. Air India pilots union sounds caution on Wuhan evacuation flights -  … @AIJointForum
Human-to-human transmission of the #Coronavirus was occurring from mid-December 2019 in #Wuhan, according to a study analyzing patients infected with the deadly virus. Chinese authorities did not confirm human-to-human transmission until Jan. 20.  …
Live: Construction of #Wuhan prefab hospitals for #coronavirus patients  …
You, any random human on this planet, are statistically far more likely to get the flu than the Wuhan coronavirus. The flu is deadly. It has killed as many people this flu season than we've had total Wuhan coronavirus infections. Please #vaccinate.
Population 95 million (not Wuhan) told not  to work for the next 10 days minimum Hong Kong universities closed until ‘March’ Russia closing its border to China including rail freight WHO it’s going to pay for this economic contraction?!  …
#JFCAvrilLavigne Recently little black stars in China raised an amount of over 4630 dollars to purchase masks and other medical materials. We donated them to the local hospitals that are fighting against #coronarvirus in Wuhan, China, in the name of @AvrilLavigne 
The first hospital already finished 95%, second 40%. This is just unbelievable. #Wuhan #Huoshenshan  …
CNN thinks that meritocracy is less important than diversity when forming expert  the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus. Do they want to kill us  …
Daughter of the uncooperative Wuhan couple diagnosed with #WuhanCoronavirus is reportedly #HongKong's first case of human to human infection. The family was allegedly kicked out by W and tried to conceal themselves at Four Seasons but were reported. Selfishness 
In a study done in China Estimated mean incubation period: 5.2 days Mean duration of illness to first medical visit: 5.8 days Probable incubation period: 14 days Cases double every 7.4 days in Wuhan cause HUMAN TO HUMAN TRANSMISSION ONGOING IN THE COMMUNITY
China's Wanda (commercial real estate co.) announced it would not seek rent from shops from 1/24 to 2/25 due to Wuhan coronavirus. I asked my friends in RE / retail what they thought: overall very impressed / appreciative. Another property co. only giving 6 days free. 
Dr. Hu Ming, director of ICU at #Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital, received a phone call in an interview and wept silently: the director of another ICU was diagnosed with #coronavirus infection after treating many infected patients. Her whole family are in ICU now, no one is 
30 of the 42 virus deaths yesterday were in Wuhan, but Wuhan only makes up 19% of yesterday's new cases (from government statistics)
OK Group has donated 10 million Chinese yuan to help victims of the coronavirus in Wuhan. The first batch of supplies and medicine has been delivered and more is on the way. We'll fight this together.  …
How many of you heard of coronavirus epicenter, Wuhan, before the last ten days? Funny coincidence that the Harvard Professor arrested this week via @POTUS's DOJ China Initiative was working with Wuhan University. (I am NOT suggesting a connection!)  
#Breaking: South Korea confirms seventh patient with novel coronavirus, 28 y/o man who visited Wuhan, then returned to Incheon via Chengdu on Jan. 23, who didn’t show symptoms until the 26th and reported himself on the 29th
“We shall not allow any flight in the near future from China to land in this country, not one.” The governments of both #Italy and #Israel announced they are suspending all flights from #China amid escalating fears of the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan.  …
On Tuesday the head of the Communist Party in Wuhan said that since mid-January, Wuhan can only test "about 300" people a day for the virus. Number of new Wuhan cases reported today: 378. (from CNN) 
China's National Health Commission said that as of the end of Thursday, the total number of confirmed Wuhan coronavirus cases in mainland China had risen to 9,692. That's up 1,982 from the previous day, with the total figure exceeding SARS cases in 2003. 
He is a doctor This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat coronovirus patients. This is a coronovirus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". #coronarovirus 
A timeline of how the Wuhan coronavirus has spread—and how the world has reacted 
BREAKING: Colour-coded leaked spreadsheets have revealed that of the 600 Australians trapped in Wuhan, only those coded red in safe Labor electorates are to be sent to Christmas Island. Those in marginal and safe Liberal seats will be flown home in  #auspol
Yeah, according to the Chinese CDC, thirty-three of the 585 environmental samples collected from the Wuhan's Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market were found to contain the nucleic acid of the novel coronavirus  …
Extremely grateful to be on a plane back to the U.K. Big thank you to everyone who prayed and shared our story. Excited to celebrate the birth of our next child in a few weeks time in a safer situation. My heart still breaks for Wuhan. Please continue to pray. #PrayForWuhan
Israel, Italy Suspend All Flights From China. Both the Italian and Israeli governments announced Thursday that they are suspending all flights from China amid escalating fears of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan.  …
Not great. One of the Americans evacuated from Wuhan tried to sneak out of the Southern California military base where they are being monitored for signs of illness. He was promptly stopped and put into quarantine. 
. @timsout sit down and think about  You just tried to use the quarantining of an epidemic to earn some (imagined) #racist virtue points. This is truly sick thinking. Is there no limit to how low the #woke will go to satisfy their ego? #auspol #wuhan  …
GRAPHIC IMAGES!!! #CHINA #wuhan STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! STOP! YOU ARE THE MOST VILE, ABHORRENT AND SENSELESS EVIL HUMANS EVER! KARMA MAY YOU WIPE THESE EVIL PEOPLE FROM OUR PLANET 
Very interesting video for u who want to know more about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus & how the situation looks like in Wuhan This vid was recorded today by a journalist who was 1 of the last to make it in to Wuhan before the quarantine He says he's sick now  …
Doctors in Wuhan performed an emergency c-section after a pregnant woman was suspected of contracting coronavirus 
The death toll from the Wuhan coronavirus has risen in mainland China to 213 people. Follow live updates:  
#CyberpunkisNow The side of a building in China projects the message "Wear a Mask", presumably due to the Coronavirus/Wuhan Pneumonia outbreak, posted by Reddit user Traumlore.  
Scientists looked at data from the first 425 cases of #coronarvirus in Wuhan and found that human-to-human transmission among close contacts occurred since mid-Dec 2019. Chinese authorities did not confirm human-to-human transmission until Jan. 20.  …
too little too late and really dumb. Wuhan and Hubei province are already on lockdown in China, nobody from those places will reach the PHL. the ban should be from all of China. news reports say 5 M were able to leave Wuhan before the lockdown was imposed.
The Wuhan coronavirus has now spread to all 31 regions of China. 
5G Launches In Wuhan Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak  …
"I am a university student in Wuhan," one student wrote online, according to HRW. "I promise I will self-quarantine, please do not treat us as enemies."  #coronavirus #nCoV
Aussies trapped in Wuhan by the #coronavirus outbreak will be charged $1,000 to be rescued, THEN ferried straight to quarantine on #ChristmasIsland , THEN dropped off in Perth where they have to find their own way home AT THEIR EXPENSE. WTF?!  …
Putting the country at risk because of this government’s refusal to impose travel ban on China (not just Hubei or Wuhan) is betrayal of public trust.
Still an ass-licking action to China. Hubei province is already under quarantine, Wuhan under lockdown. What this temporary ban on Hubei province will do is only minimal. Temporary ban should be imposed on MAINLAND CHINA because the n-CoV has already spread to all its provinces.  …
I think we should send Antifa to Wuhan Province to help fight the #cornonavirus
A very human and unexpected moment in this conversation with a man in Wuhan, China. It's the the epicenter of the coronavirus. Confess I had not considered what that might mean for the dating scene.  …
In China, the number of confirmed cases of the Wuhan coronavirus has already exceeded the number infected by SARS in 2002 and 2003. But so far, the SARS outbreak had a considerably greater fatality rate.  
Under lockdown ang Wuhan City, I don't think may flights pa na mangagaling don. Pretty useless travel ban imo  …
Italy has confirmed two cases of Wuhan coronavirus on its territory, Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said in a press conference in Rome 
The @CDCgov and the U.S. Army Public Health Center are closely monitoring developments around the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by a novel (new) coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. Learn more at  #USArmy 
BREAKING: Duterte finally agrees to impose a temporary ban on travelers from China's Hubei province, where Wuhan — the ground zero of the deadly novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) — is located 
Can anyone please advise. Were the Australians evacuated from Mallacoota by the navy charged for the privilege? Someone in Wuhan wants to know. #auspol
Surprise surprise @PeterDutton_MP has lied about the AMA being supportive of a detention centre in the middle of the ocean  a safe place for quarantine. If I were in Wuhan, I wouldn’t want to go there either. What’s wrong with a hotel near appropriate medical facilities?  …
Apparently, the  symptom of the Wuhan coronavirus is an uncontrollable urge to board a crowded airplane.
President Duterte has agreed to impose a temporary travel ban on people traveling from Wuhan City and the entire Hubei province in China amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak, according to Sen. Bong Go. 
#NEW on @OANN: Today, the @CDCgov confirmed the sixth coronavirus case in the U.S. and the first case spreading from one person to another in our country. The patient is the husband of a Chicago woman infected with the virus after returning from Wuhan, China last month.
BREAKING: President Rodrigo Duterte approves temporary travel ban to those who will  from Wuhan City and the entire Hubei province of China to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus amidst the confirmed case here in the Philippines. | via 
Morrison: "I'm stuck. I've got 600 Aussies stuck in Wuhan and we need to be seen to be helping them, but I don't really want them here" Baldrick: "I've got a cunning plan. Why not offer them a way out - but make it so onerous and costly, they won't take you up on it?" #auspol
“This is a very hard moment for us,” Felicity Feng says. As Wuhan residents stay at home, her father is overseeing construction of a coronavirus hospital 
I had an unexpected message today from someone trapped in Wuhan to say that she has found strength and hope in one of my sonnets. Surprised me, stimulated my prayers, and reminded me of the power of poetry to cross borders!
8,236 confirmed cases. There are reports out of Wuhan that the real number is 10x the confirmed cases right now. The Chinese are acting like it's a modern-day plague, so maybe we should get serious too.  …
Chinese VIPs are amazing they donated the following to help with the hospital supply in Wuhan: ×1000 protection masks ×1200 surgical gloves ×100 bottles of 75% alcohol ×1200 surgical gowns ×1200 medical caps, ×155 goggles And more individual fans are donating as well. 
Southern California accepting evacuees from Wuhan! NO blanket quarantine? Just monitoring for 3 days and followup on the phone. What could go wrong with that? Geesh 
We're already there, folks. "Will the Wuhan virus  a pandemic?"  …
The World Health Organization says the deadly Wuhan coronavirus that originated in China is now a “global health emergency." 
Kerala Health Minister KK Shailaja: The patient who had returned from Wuhan (China) and had tested positive for #Coronavirus is stable. She may be shifted to Thrissur Medical College from Thrissur general hospital today.  
Air France suspends all flights to/from China until February 9: statement (Air France had already suspended flights to Wuhan Jan. 22)
Authorities have all but shut down China's Wuhan, a city of 11 million and a major transport hub, as coronavirus continues to spread. See satellite images of the empty streets  via 
so the government gave all UK citizens in #Wuhan a last minute 2 hours to get to the meeting point, when the roads are blocked and there are no taxis etc (also Wuhan so huge that some live 3 plus hours away). I can't believe they were given no help in getting to the plane.  …
#抗爭學英文 #增值推 Cover up (動詞) 隱瞞 例：The Chinese government has been covering up the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, just like the way they handled the SARS outbreak 17 years ago. Cover-up （名詞） #手足互科 #手足科勞
British, Spanish and other EU citizens collecting boarding passes for a flight from Wuhan to the UK 
Here’s what it’s like to live in Wuhan amid the coronavirus outbreak 
What is the source of coronavirus? @DrJohnTorres: The source of the virus is believed to be a meat market in Wuhan, China. Officials aren’t sure exactly which animal it came from, but past coronaviruses have typically spread from bats to civets to humans. (2/10)
Some parents of Australian children in Wuhan have indicated that they would prefer to stay in the quarantined city rather than be evacuated to Christmas Island. That’s their choice
Ben Kavanagh is an Irish resident of Wuhan in central China. He is one of the Irish people being evacuated this evening on a British flight, as the coronavirus epidemic is declared a public health emergency by the World Health Organization. | Read more:  
[Recap] Wuhan conoravirus: Improvised barricades across China as online shaming spreads  … #China #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Outcry builds over Australia’s plan to quarantine Wuhan evacuees in offshore migrant detention center 
Get rapid access to #Wuhan #coronavirus sequence data and analytics. Newly-released GenBank data available here:  
Wu: "The Government wouldn't send its citizens to Christmas Island detention centre if those who are trapped in Wuhan were white Australians." this is true. it's disgraceful.  …
No shortage of food in Wuhan.  …
What utter bollocks! The AMA has criticised the federal Govt plan to temporarily house Wuhan evacuees on Christmas Is. AMA president Tony Bartone argues that there are a number of sites on the mainland that would be a more 'humane option' for quarantining the evacuees. #auspol
Still getting my head around the government’s Christmas Island plan for Australian Chinese in Wuhan. Is it: 1. Typical LNP racism and dog whistle 2. Geopolitics 3. Morrison-Dutton  4. So LNP can justify wasting all that money re-opening CI 5. All of the above #auspol
Someone in my household ordered something from Amazon. I went to get the mail today and grabbed a package that shows the vendor is from: Wuhan, China. Of literally all the cities in the planet, we now have a package from the epicenter of the coronavirus. WHY IS THIS MY LIFE.
Corona, the  says it trusts customers not to link its drinks to the deadly Wuhan coronavirus | @BISouthAfrica  
The WHO declare Coronavirus a global emergency but vanOldsmobile thinks sending 600 people from Wuhan to Christmas Island for 14 days to ensure mainland Australia is not exposed to potential harm is "half arsed". The man's a clown.  …
Fight breaks out between construction workers in Wuhan that are building a hospital to help deal with the Coronavirus outbreak. Construction workers are under pressure to finish construction as soon as possible #China #Wuhan  …
The World Health Organization has declared a global 'public health emergency' over the deadly coronavirus outbreak. The virus has killed at least 170 people and sickened more than 7,700 people in 19 countries since it was first identified in Wuhan, China, on Dec 31, 2019. 
JUNGKOOK BAR donated 52000元 to the Wuhan Charity Organisation. That’s literally $7500usd. Holy shit 
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the coronavirus outbreak a global health emergency. Get the latest news and updates on the Wuhan outbreak below. 
TAEHYUNG BAR donated 50,000 surgical masks (35,000元 approx $5045usd) and 20,000 N95 masks (30,000元 approx $4325usd) to Wuhan medical centres. They are also raising awareness for medical centres that are in need of medical supplies. Jesus fuck 
Hi all, It turns out that Chantelle’s Uncle Brian is not over visiting from Wuhan but from Wigan. Still, we’ve decided to keep her in quarantine for the full 14 days. Just in case. Thanks x
Doing our small part. Delivery truck for #Wuhan sponsored by @BinanceBCF. With Chinese Internet giants donating in the 100m to 1b range, the shortage isn’t money, but logistics and supplies. Physical world 
Yes, this  but Australian citizens deserve better from their government. This, from one citizen: “The Government wouldn't send its citizens to Christmas Island detention centre if those who are trapped in Wuhan were white Australians.”  …
#WHO Tedros has so much respect and thanks for China, including a shoutout for 'transparency'. Why didn't he pay respect to the eight #Wuhan doctors who were arrested for raising the alarm on #2019nCoV?
JIMIN BAR donated 10,000元 to help out with the Wuhan crisis. That is approximately $1440usd Jesus Christ 
We hear Mr. Manuel Almunia is currently on a humanitarian mission to Wuhan Province as he is the only person 100% guaranteed not to catch the virus
Morrison's Wuhan evac plan is spin designed to make it seem like he's acting. He made it costly, is incarcerating returnees on Xmas Island and then dumping them in Perth to find their own way home. As a result few will actually take up the offer. Exactly what he wanted. #auspol
1. There are only 400 Ugandan Students in China so let’s stop inflating numbers for personal benefit. 2. The only people that need evacuation are Wuhan residents because they have been locked in the epicenter of a deadly virus that’s multiplied by 13.5 times in the last 7days.  …
Maybe the WHO can do their next press conference in Wuhan to show their confidence in the job China is doing
Not remotely alarming that British Airways has flown in thousands of people from Wuhan over the last few days..... Stable &  to mind. #coronavirus  …
Why is it such a song & dance for Australia to get people back from Wuhan when citizens from other countries are already home?
#WuhanCoronavirus pressure mounting up on construction workers, fights break out on site as the race against time to build the first #coronarvirus hospital in #Wuhan continues Wonder if #China's "live site video" streamed the fight for millions of international viewers 
BAIDU RM BAR donated 1994元 (approx $290usd), 100 bottles of disinfecting hand-sanitiser, 500 surgical masks and 10 bottles of disinfecting hand-wash to the the Wuhan Charity organisation and Wuhan medical centres 
The WHO declaring that the Wuhan coronavirus is a public health emergency of international concern is appropriate, and we should all take precautions to prevent the spread of the virus. But we can do that without panic or fearmongering, especially at a sensitive time like this.
Still looking into this. This will be an ongoing thread. It's looking like he assisted with Tech & the set up of a Facility in Wuhan to Chinese specifications. He MAY have been the source of this pathogen or simply a specialist brought in for oversight
The World Health Organization declares a global health emergency as cases of Wuhan coronavirus continue to spread outside China. Follow live updates:  
JUST IN: The World Health Organization has declared the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak a public health emergency of international concern 
Off Topic (Just for Information and educational purpose) - Coronaviruses (SARS, MERS and now Wuhan Cornavirus or 2019 Novel coronavirus) - What are Coronaviruses in layman perspective ?  
We still don’t know where coronavirus originated. Could have been a market, a farm, a food  I would note that Wuhan has China’s only biosafety level-four super laboratory that works with the world’s most deadly pathogens to include, yes, coronavirus. 
HORROR!....... Chinese Woman from Wuhan Goes on Vacation to Philippines - Visits Cebu, Manila, Dumaguete -- Then Checks into Hospital with Coronavirus  … via 
The Pakistani students in Wuhan are frightened. One of them messaged me a few hours ago and asked the govt is considering evacuating them. I told her Dr Mirza said not right now. Her reaction: They won't even allow families to bury us in Pakistan because they can't control virus.
"The vast majority of cases outside #China have a travel history to Wuhan, or contact with someone with a travel history to Wuhan"- @DrTedros #2019nCoV
Folks: please don't discriminate against or blame Chinese people for the spread of the Wuhan virus. It's unethical, counter-productive, and wrong.
Yesterday, the CDC had said all of those returning from Wuhan had voluntarily agreed to stay on base.  …
Official statement on 1 of the Wuhan returnees in California being ordered into quarantine 
BREAKING: 1 person who was evacuated from Wuhan and tried to leave a California military base has been ordered into quarantine
#Breaking Quarantine ordered on a passenger from #Wuhan flight who attempted to leave @March_ARB prior to 72-hour monitoring period. Riverside County health officials issued the order stating the person will stay the entire incubation period or until cleared to go.  …
Important thread that suggests underdiagnosis or underreporting. - Wuhan is an 11M person metro - Less than 10k confirmed cases - If true, random Wuhanese has <0.1% of infection - So you'd need 5000 to see 5 infected on avg - But are there that many entering the US? - Seems high 
China claimed—for almost two months—that coronavirus had originated in a Wuhan seafood market. That is not the case. @TheLancet published a study demonstrating that of the original 40 cases, 14 of them had no contact with the seafood market, including Patient 
He is a doctor This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat coronovirus patients. This is a coronovirus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". 
Wife saying goodbye to her husband, a doctor, before he goes outside with the purpose of serving people in Wuhan city, China. That's heartbreaking man 
UK Gov charter #coronavirus evacuation flight Wamos Air 747 PLM471P climbing out from Hanoi, Vietnam. Heading to #Wuhan then on to RAF Brize Norton 
Pakistani students in #Wuhan brave girls indeed . Stay safe girls  …
REMINDER: It is likely that more lives were saved by the traffic ban (~5 per day*) than died from the #coronavirus in #Wuhan * Based on: Chinese traffic death rate: ~18 per 100.000 inhabitants Population of Wuhan: ~11 million Wuhan annual traffic deaths estimate: 2.000 
When nurses fighting in the frontline of #coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan take off their masks... 
"declaring international cooperation projects, cultivating young teachers and Ph.D. students" What ELSE was he "cultivating" over there in WUHAN? Maybe helping them FUTZ AROUND with a stolen US LvL IV Pathogen? 
Words I literally didn’t know existed, up until Jan 23rd 2019: 1. Wuhan 2. Hubei 3. Coronavirus 4. Novel cov 5. R nought 6. CFR 7. Epidemiology There are people who have dedicated their entire professional life to knowing these words. Listen to them, let them work #havefaith
The first confirmed case of person-to-person spread of the Wuhan coronavirus in the U.S. has been reported.  just after U.S. officials including Kellyanne Conway said the U.S. has mobilized resources to fight the virus here.  …
Friendly reminder: those who came home on the #Wuhan flight will be the only ppl in the USA confirmed to not have the #coronavirus. Instead of being jerks to us, and worrying about us spreading it, worry about those already here, who have no clue they’re carrying it.
Chinese officials checking passengers for the #coronavirus flying from wuhan to the Wirral 
The Nigerian Embassy in Shangai, China has not put up any notice on their website regarding the Coronavirus in Wuhan. Are there no Nigerians in the city of Wuhan or neighboring cities? And by the way, the website still shows Goodluck Jonathan as president.
Meanwhile a Malayali student who was studying in Wuhan has  the first known #coronarvirus patient in India. Is admitted to a hospital just 100 kms from my place Thankfully Kerala &Tamilnadu are organised & scientific enough to be able to contain this virus, unlike cowshed
First human to human transmission of the coronavirus has been confirmed in the US. Wife who had recently visited Wuhan transmitted virus to her husband.
#China A fistfight broke out at the Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital construction site. Sources claimed that one construction team destructed another team's road of transporting construction materials, leading to huge dispute. #WuhanCoronavirus 
The British evacuees from Wuhan will be taken to Merseyside for two weeks in quarantine. I do hope there is a logic to that decision, because we can all see how it looks..
This may be my last tweet for a while about @NCBI resources, but an important one for #virologist colleagues. Please R/T! Here are the CoV sequences from Wuhan and US isolates:  … @linsalrob @JasonWilliamsNY @jxtx @nomad421 @DoctorRuth @mikelove @mike_schatz
It would be fortunate in this situation if the Wuhan coronavirus, like SARS and MERS, is not transmitted through small droplets as an airborne disease like measles and TB. All indications so far suggest that it doesn’t spread that way, so I want us to stop that fearmongering now.
The first human-to-human transmission of the Wuhan coronavirus has occurred in the U.S., the CDC says. It was spread between a woman who recently traveled to China and her husband after she returned. 
#now - dept of health confirms 2 new #nCoV cases, 12 in #hk now. 11th is a 37 yo woman, the daughter of a #wuhan couple tested + earlier. 12th is a 75 yo man who visited GZ in #mainland earlier. Was told the man was initially in a non-iso ward becos he did not declare travel hist
WATCH LIVE: In response to the #coronavirus outbreak, #China began building new hospitals in Wuhan on 1/24. The #Huoshenshan hospital, with capacity for 700 to 1,000 beds, is expected to be put into use by  …
Straight from Wuhan to where??? OH THE FUCKING WIRRAL
BREAKING: British citizens flown out of Wuhan following the outbreak of the coronavirus will be quarantined at Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral. 
Wuhan virus to all of us :  
#China's "socialist system" either engineered this novel #coronavirus and allowed it to get out or permitted a natural virus to spread while its officials in #Wuhan and Beijing dithered. Socialism will not--cannot--stop the disease.  …
I Have A Suggestion: All the Anchors who want #Pakistanis in #China to be brought back immediately without any concerns for #CoronavirusOutbreak spreading here DO ONE THING Dear “Certain” Anchors. Please fly to Wuhan yourself. Hug every CHINESE and bring the Pakistanis back.
!!!!!! while you are here please take some time to donate to this gofundme to help  the virus! medical supplies are running low so any amount is greatly appreciated  …
Everyone: “Wuhan Virus!!! Kobe!!! Impeachment!!! WWIII!!!!” Me, unbothered knowing I create my reality as I continue minding my business, living my best life, eating clean & securing the bag: 
#Wuhan virus: Toronto arrivals from China say there was no special screening when they arrived at Pearson International Airport. WATCH:  | 
Following the detection of coronavirus in the city of Wuhan, writes @NickKristof, Chinese authorities acted decisively — not against the virus but against whistle-blowers who were trying to call attention to the public health threat  
Chinese authorities are rushing to build two new hospitals in Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus 
BREAKING: "They have chosen a former NHS location on the Wirral, in Merseyside." Sky News understands Britons being flown from Wuhan to the UK will be quarantined on the Wirral. Sky's @AliBunkallSKY has the latest. Read more on the #coronavirus here:  
He is a doctor This is d moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat coronavirus patients.This is a coronovirus suicide mission &many of these brave doctors &nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". Human Story is same everywhere 
Sky News understands the British passengers on a plane being flown to the UK from Wuhan in China will be quarantined at a health centre on the Wirral
As a Chinese official said, "It is the virus that is  enemy, not people from Wuhan." People across the world have been showing their support for those in Wuhan #IamNotAVirus #StandWithWuhan. Thai celebrities film videos saying "Hang on, Wuhan" to show their support. 
Anonymous Bites Back is live with Anonymous Back Bites Asia Episode 5. Subjects: #CoronaVirus #Wuhan #Russia and more! Stream:  #Anonymous #AnonymousBitesBack
Wasn't some Wuhan Conservative gril defending this the other day?  …
There are now nine confirmed cases of the Wuhan coronavirus in #Taiwan, but Taiwan is blocked from @WHO emergency meetings because China is actively trying to undermine Taiwan’s global 
China should not be allowed to hide the Wuhan coronavirus from its people and the world, and the @WHO should not  The Chinese Communist Party hid details about the spread of the virus and arrested people who attempted to alert the  …
How contagious is the Wuhan coronavirus?  #disease 
Well, lets not talk about the owner before they found out Wuhan had an outbreak.  
Marking the 1st cured elderly patient in C China's Hubei Province, a 78-year-old man diagnosed with the novel #coronavirus #pneumonia was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan on Wed 
According to a nurse in Wuhan, staff are overwhelmed, resources are running low, and there are no beds. There are so few hazmat suits that staff disinfect them to wear the next day. Around 30 of the 500 medical staff at her hospital are now sick. 
The most adorable, honorable people in this new era! Salute to these Chinese doctors and nurses who have been working tirelessly in the wake of #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city. 
This guy is trying to report from Wuhan with the government hunting him as WHO kisses Xi's ass. Unreal. 
Rare decision by #China top court that gets at Beijing transparency over virus. Court ruled #Wuhan medical workers accused by police of spreading rumors due to online chat about SARS-like illness were mistreated. China signaling wants locals to share info.  …
A specialized military cargo plane prepare to take off from Ankara Thursday, January 30, to evacuate Turkish citizens from China's Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus. The plane will bring back 35 Turkish and 10 Azerbaijani citizens & their families. (Reuters) 
When the mayor of Wuhan was asked why he had not disclosed the severity of the coronavirus outbreak in his city, he replied that his hands were tied by laws that required him to seek authorisation from Beijing 
The unsung heroes of #wuhan : This nurse contracted the disease and fell ill. After recovering, the first thing she wanted to do is get back to work. #coronavirus Via @QuickTake @AudreyDesisto @AmandaRay02 @NevilleGaunt @annemariayritys @MarshaCollier @UrsBolt 
Let's read further... " arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding" Hey, what does WUT stand for? WUHAN UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY 
“Imagine being a Wuhan citizen…they can't get any medical treatments…they can only sit and wait to die.”  A #Wuhan citizen spoke out about the #Coronavirus, saying the symptoms do not match what authorities are telling us. Follow @EpochTimesChina
Can we get Trump to visit the Wuhan region in China to advance tariff talks?
Latest video clip of the second #coronavirus makeshift hospital, or #Leishenshan in Wuhan with a capacity to host 1600 beds for patients! @CSCECNEWS @GlenGilmore @debraruh @EliseQuevedo @edwindiender @CurtisSChin @avrohomg @YuHelenYu @psb_dc @terence_mills 
I suggest the Trump administration send Wilbur Ross to Wuhan China so he can find out exactly how things are going with the Corona-virus. Without a face mask.
Don’t let Wuhan people see this  …
oh god big chungus what are you doing in wuhan that's so dangerous oh god somebody please help him 
In Opinion Dan Werb writes, “In the case of the Wuhan coronavirus, what should trouble us the most is the rapid expansion of the environment across which the pathogen can infect its hosts, which maps neatly over China’s emergence as a global superpower.” 
If the Wuhan  to Europe en force, could someone please start making these masks again? Maybe with an updated filtration system in the beak? Thanks. 
He is a doctor This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat coronovirus patients. This is a coronovirus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". #coronavirus 
If the Wuhan virus originated in bats, it will be one of many that the animals tolerate without ill effect, perhaps because of an unusual immune system. 
#WuhanCoronavirus Inside Report: American describes #Wuhan scene amid #coronavirus #outbreak "It's like something out of a sci-fi movie" Gov't saying "... do  to the hospitals, we're overrun" "It's a disaster"  … 
Chinese Amb. in #lkr called on me to discuss the well being of Sri Lankans in Wuhan. He assured me that his govt. is taking all measures to contain the outbreak. Both nations are currently working together to arrange for a special flight to fly out the Sri Lankans the earliest.
The Wuhan coronavirus has now spread to all 31 regions of China. 
Pakistan not to evacuate its citizens from virus-hit Wuhan to show solidarity. Until now, Pakistan had only sold its national assets to China. Now it is selling its citizens, too. Leaving its citizens to die so that money continues to flow in from China.  …
that frog is from wuhan  …
People's Republic of CHINA, a massive country very well known& multiple times tested for it's practical approach, futuristic wisdom, extreme determination, strong will power & speedy progress, We can only expect it exactly from China. God bless China, God bless People of Wuhan.  …
Morocco,India, BanglaDesh begun arrangements 2 evacuate students/nationals from Wuhan,the city of the #CoronaOutbreak . Bangladesh students wi b evacuated tommorrow. Chines asking students 2 have their embassies evacuate.Why Pak not evacuating 2 quarantine nationals in Pak?
Be careful of your ill wishes & “they deserve it” statements as the virus spares no one—no race, gender or status quo. Innocent people from Wuhan are as troubled and scared as we are.
After long delays, Chinese authorities have given permission for the UK to fly its nationals out of Wuhan early Friday morning local time, British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab said 
The coronavirus isn’t new. It was discovered in the 1960s. What is new is this new strain from Wuhan. It’s more dangerous & contagious than China will let on & we should be taking it very seriously. Don’t fall for the WhatsApp forwards & memes lol. 
#BREAKING Two New Hampshire residents who traveled to Wuhan City, China have tested NEGATIVE for the #coronavirus
TRON  Tronics contribute to a special medical fund for Crononavirus prevention. HELP WUHAN, we are in action. #prayforwuhan #TRON #TRX @Tronfoundation  …
#coronavirus Wuhan construction site fight 
Large queues of people have formed in cities like Hong Kong and Shanghai as residents wait to collect surgical face masks to help protect them from the Wuhan coronavirus.  
Good morning! Tune in to One America News for the latest! (Photo: A U.S. Air Force plane sits at the March Air Reserve Base in Riverside, Calif., where an airplane carrying U.S. citizens being evacuated from Wuhan, China landed on Wed., Jan. 29. -- Ringo H.W. Chiu via AP) 
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he believes the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, will help return jobs to the US and Mexico. 
As of last week, only Vietnam had a coronavirus patient who hadn’t personally been to Wuhan. It was just one case. Now there are at least three more. 
#EverydayHero Medical workers from across the country are heading for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, to help the city  the crisis. 
The construction of 2nd makeshift hospital, Leishenshan, for #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan, the epicenter of #outbreak, is  beds are planned in Leishenshan 
-At least 170 people dead and more than 7,000 cases of Wuhan coronavirus confirmed in mainland China -6,000 people being held on a cruise ship in Italy -Long lines for masks in Hong Kong @willripleyCNN reports on the latest coronavirus outbreak updates  
Updates: Latest video on the construction progress of the first #Coronavirus hospital or #Huoshenshan hospital in #Wuhan. 
Updates: latest video of the second #coronavirus makeshift hospital, or #Leishenshan, in Wuhan undertaken by #CSCEC. It is expected to expand to 60,000 square meters with 1600 beds for patients. 
When the navy was mobilised to evacuate holidaymakers and residents from Gippsland, I don't recall anyone having to buy a ticket to get on a boat or helicopter. Why is the Wuhan evacuation different? #auspol
With at least 170 people dead from the Wuhan coronavirus, and more than 7,700 cases confirmed in mainland China, several countries are scrambling to evacuate their citizens from the city at the heart of the outbreak. @David_Culver is live from 
I am closely tracking the coronavirus situation in Wuhan, China, and the State Department’s evacuation of diplomatic personnel and U.S. citizens from the city. Any San Antonians in Wuhan, or their family members, can reach out to my district office for assistance.
Coronavirus patients in Wuhan spit at doctors to spread disease  … 
Just In | #Pakistan has decided not to evacuate its citizens from the #coronavirus-hit Wuhan to show “solidarity” with its all-weather ally, a senior official announced, though four Pakistani nationals have contracted the deadly disease in China.
The 195 Americans who were evacuated from #Wuhan will remain under observation at a military base to confirm no #coronavirus infections. #CoronavirusOutbreak #2019nCoV 
“This is a very hard moment for us,” Felicity Feng says. As Wuhan residents stay at home, her father is overseeing construction of a coronavirus hospital 
Breaking some good news here! I’ve been in touch with TCL representatives who have informed me that all the trainees from AP who are stuck in Wuhan of China owing to the outbreak of Coronavirus are safe & well cared for by the management. Posting video to dispel all rumours (1/2) 
#Australia has not gotten permission from #China to evacuate its citizens from #Wuhan. #Britain had to delay its evacuation. What is this, hostage diplomacy? #QuarantineChina  …
Korean Air sending a 747 to Wuhan for evacuation.  … 
CHINA BUILDS HOSPITALS: The Chinese city of Wuhan is scrambling to build new hospitals in its race to contain the spread of the Coronavirus that has infected thousands of people.  …
2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus identified as the cause of an outbreak of respiratory illness, first in Wuhan, China. 18 countries, including the Philippines, are infected with nCoV. Here are the ways we can help ourselves. Keep safe, MaScians! 
This govt really knows their priorities huh. Ban these  flights from Wuhan, China and scan all  and outgoing people from these flights. Tsk.
Masks are running out in the Philippines, Gordon on the other hand, gave millions to Wuhan for humanitarian reasons daw. Kinginayan, let the Filipinos suffer as long as their master is happy. AAYUPNYO, AH!
A Chinese civil rights defender Gao Fei, who has been updating #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Wuhan on twitter and recruiting medical materials for Wuhan doctors, lost contact with his friend since yesterday’s night. He was suspectedly arrested by the local authority. 
With just six days before the deadline, workers are speeding up #Wuhan's second prefab #hospital, Leishenshan, with 1,600 beds to curb #CoronavirusOutbreak Power is already up and running. You can watch on-site progress with our live-stream here:  
Guo Jing lives in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the heart of the outbreak of #CoronaVirus. The 29-year-old social worker & rights activist lives on her own; she shares her diary with @gracehw on life under a  …
just watched a video about the state of Wuhan right now. They must be terrified. RIP to the brave medical heroes that lost their lives treating the immense amount of people in the hospitals. Be safe, wash frequently, stay away from crowded places.
[NEWS] #Xiumin Goyang & Ansan performances have been canceled. In the recent case of confirmed Wuhan pneumonia, we decided that it would be too much to go ahead with the performance in both regions. Please understand the measures taken for your safety. #EXO #엑소  …
Read this poignant account by feminist activist Guo Jing of her daily life in Wuhan, on lockdown because of the #coronavirus h/t  …
Was Wuhan a 5g testbed? 
Wuhan virus: 3 more confirmed cases in Singapore, bringing total to 13  …
Travelling to Wuhan animal market, eating bat soup, catching coronavirus, contracting pneumonia and dying of liver failure to own the racists.
Ikea is shutting down all of its stores across China as the deadly Wuhan coronavirus outbreak escalates. 
in order to isolate the problem, one must isolate the cause!!! POTA WUHAN IS THE GROUND ZERO BOBONG GO KA TALAGAAAAAAA  …
Doctors in Wuhan performed an emergency c-section after a pregnant woman was suspected of contracting coronavirus 
Pakistan decides not to evacuate citizens from China after #CoronavirusOutbreak as WHO "does not  evacuation", says Dr @zfrmrza. "China has contained the virus in Wuhan city. If we act irresponsibly & start evacuating people, the epidemic will spread all over the world"
Read this thread. It turns out that the eight people whom Chinese authorities detained in Wuhan early on for spreading untruthful information were all doctors trying to alert people to the emerging coronavirus threat. Again, censorship over public welfare.  …
Six thousand people are being held on board a cruise ship docked in Italy after a woman showed signs of the Wuhan coronavirus  
JUST IN: 6,000 people are being kept on a cruise ship in Italy as one passenger shows symptoms of the Wuhan coronavirus 
ANG TANGA! Wuhan, China ang ground zero, ang source, ang epicenter ng coronavirus! Jusko! This fucking government left us with no choice but to pray. Reminder, Bong Go is the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health. 
DOH Undersecretary Eric Domingo confirmed that the female patient, who is also a tourist from Wuhan who traveled to Hong Kong before landing in Cebu, was undertaking treatment in San Lazaro Hospital.  
1/ #WuhanDiary d3 —— 29.01.2020 Dairy of Wuhan under quarantine. Honored to illustrate & translate for it. Returning home was more pain. Stand in the hallway, take off jacket, pants, shoes, face mask, gloves, bend my mask , cut it with scissors... #coronavirus 
Foreign secretary Dominic Raab says flight carrying British nationals from Wuhan airport in China to the UK will leave Wuhan at 5am local time tomorrow (9pm UK time tonight)
#TROPOMI observations from today show how #NO2 levels over #Wuhan and are much below typical values, when the city has "shut down" with much less traffic than normal, due to #coronavirus epidemic. @tropomi #temis 
11th, 12th & 13th cases of Wuhan virus confirmed in S’pore  
Here’s what it’s like to live in Wuhan amid the coronavirus outbreak 
I live in #Wuhan and I know many people die every day. My beloved city is ill, I don't want this same tragedy happen in other cities. We don't want rest of the world suffer the pain we suffer!
The Australian government defended its plans to quarantine evacuees from the coronavirus epicenter, Wuhan, at a detention center  
Bong Go, do not play hero now, gago. You are just after saving your career. You are also to blame for this chaos. You do not care for this country. Go to Wuhan.
Sanity prevails - Pakistan not to evacuate its nationals from Wuhan, have full faith in the efforts by Chinese side to stop the spread of #coronavirus, Don't want to add to the spread of this virus says @zfrmrza in a press conf. #Pakistan #China
Coronavirus outbreak: While other countries are evacuating their citizens, Pakistan remains unware of evacuations from China. So far 4 Pakistani students have been diagnosed in Wuhan.  …
A female doctor aiding the #coronavirus control in Wuhan, China couldn't help bursting into tears while video-chatting with her baby. Find out why. 
Latest on coronavirus outbreak: • Death toll in China climbs to 170 • More than 7,700 confirmed cases • 195 Americans evacuated from area near Wuhan — more evacuation flights are on the way • Number of airlines halted flights to and from China 
Please can you refer to them as the Wuhan Clan in any future news broadcasts?
3 Japanese evacuees from Wuhan test positive for new #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Still a dynamic situation but it seems like #Wuhan #nCoV2019 is “more infectious”; “less deadly” than #SARS. One big difference: relative lack of upper respiratory symptoms (runny nose, sore  to SARS. Be vigilant. Don't panic. #新型冠状病毒 #SciComm 
Malaysian airport cleaners diligently wipe down surfaces to protect travellers from Wuhan virus | Malay Mail  …
Dr Ben So spent $10k+ for a hotel room to self-quarantine, after he treated 2 confirmed wuhan virus patients. He was instructed there’d be no wash out period nor  for medics after direct contact w the patients. 
This essay argues pretty convincingly the virus was released- accidentally or intentionally-from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Also,the US Department of Defense as well as Chinese bioweapons research may have been funding this virus’s study&development   …
Taxi drivers in the middle of Dec, they already knew there was a serious disease. Why cant they say its SARS? It’s just as serious as SARS. The Wuhan Police haven’t even apologized now (for arresting people talking about SARS). /10
If you need a taxi, you have to call the district management; it’s impossible to get one. So if you don’t have a car, you have to walk to the hospital – but Wuhan is huge, so many people don’t go to the hospital. Call 120 for an ambulance – but there aren’t enough. /9
“This video is a bit long. Usually I do short videos for WeChat etc. I’m in Wuhan, this is my 6th day. My name is already a ‘sensitive word’, so I can’t put anything on Wechat. Don’t put any of my videos on Wechat, or your account will be frozen. Mines already been frozen. /3
BREAKING: The 200 British citizens being flown out of Wuhan following the outbreak of the coronavirus will be quarantined here in the North West. Its thought they'll be housed at at NHS facility, such as nurses  
Nearly 200 Americans flown out of Wuhan are being held and monitored at a military base in California. What kind of potential risk could this pose to the public? @miguelnbc 
Health Alert: The Department of State will be staging additional evacuation flights with capacity for private U.S. citizens on a reimbursable basis, leaving Wuhan Tianhe International Airport on or about February 3, 2020. Click here for more information:  
With our huge trade relationship with China, and flight connection between Wuhan and Lagos, it is now a matter for coronavirus to rear up here, if it isn't here already
#Indonesia #Wuhan #coronavirus evacuation flight to be operated by #BatikAir #A330 #PKLDY to depart 01FEB, with a medical team to fly home Indonesian citizens in the lockdown region. Aircraft will stay on the ground in Wuhan for about 5 hours prior to return.
South Africans in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, have expressed frustration about their government's lack of evacuation plans from the city. Several countries, including the US and Japan, have flown out hundreds of their citizens. 
WATCH: French doctor in Wuhan vows to stay in #coronavirus epicenter to help fight #nCoV 
Interesting: On Jan 1, a group of 8 doctors in China posted on social media, about a new 'SARS-like' virus in #Wuhan. The police later caught them for spreading 'rumours'. Now the Judge has pulled up the Police for being ignorant of the case.  …
The first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus arrived in the Philippines from: 1. Wuhan, China 2. via Hong Kong 3. to Capitol Manila 4. to Cebu 5. then to Dumaguete 6. and now admitted at a hospital in Manila ChiNa iS pHilLipPinEs A jOkE 2 u? AnO tO iSLAnD hOpPinG?!?!?
@IvankaTrump Hey Grifter, Last year was a good year for u Swindling America. You received Trademarks from China for Sunglasses, Wedding Dresses, Voting Machines. They want to meet with u immediately in WUHAN, CHINA to grant you more trademarks. Can I make travel arrangements?
India prepares to airlift first batch of its citizens from China's coronavirus-hit Wuhan city on Friday: Indian Embassy in Beijing
Not BTS related ! Corona virus offers concern but don't panic. Im from Kerala where one student ( she was studying in wuhan )was tested positive for the virus. She has been isolated in hospital and her condition is stable. Out of the 27 samples, 26 samples of the people who+
The Wuhan coronavirus has now spread to all 31 regions of China. 
We're getting reports about a purge of  out of Wuhan regarding the #Coronavirus. Tag us if you have more details. As a reminder, we will make sure the important information you find stays online 
Ellie Goulding says she’s amazed there were 200 British people in the coronavirus-hit city of Wuhan. “What the fuck were they doing there?” she asked 
So Australians in Wuhan get a staycation on CI via Darwin. Yet flights are arriving multiple times a day direct into each Capital City. The logistics of getting food onto CI for 600 people x 14 days in the monsoon  This idea is just too dumb for words to describe.
I am seeing many accounts of people in Wuhan getting rejected by hospitals and not getting treated despite severe symptoms. The WHO team needs to investigate this instead of going from one model hospital to another as arranged by the Chinese hosts
Dutch airline KLM announced it is reducing some of its flights to China because of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak in the country 
"The case of a 10-year-old boy who was diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus even though he showed no symptoms is raising concern that people may be spreading the virus undetected by the front-line screening methods implemented to contain the epidemic."  …
Two Pakistani students stuck in China's Wuhan show us around the city where the #CoronavirusOutbreak began. Latest updates:  
If you ask to ban flights from Wuhan and neighboring provinces, that’s being cautious. But If you ask to ban all flights from China, that’s being a racist.
Here's what all travelers should know about the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, from flight cancellations to how to protect yourself if you must travel 
U.S. plans a second evacuation flight for as soon as next week for American citizens in coronavirus-stricken Wuhan 
More than one week after Wuhan, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, was put on lockdown, the megacity has been racing against time to battle with the epidemic. Check out how the city and China at large tackle the challenge 
South Africans in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, have expressed frustration about their government's lack of evacuation plans from the city. Several countries, including the US and Japan, have flown out hundreds of their citizens. 
Nepali students in China got interviewed by CMG reporter: we are safe and healthy in Wuhan. Let's join hands to fight for victory! 
FWIW I think message #ScottyfromMarketing wants to convey by sending Wuhan evacuees to Christmas Id is, “Look how carefully your Government looks after you - we are not letting these people anywhere near the mainland”. Exploiting plight of Chinese Australians for political gain.
Medical Heroes who have been risking their lives fighting the coronavirus at Wuhan Union Hospital. 
The Philippines and India have both confirmed their first cases of the Wuhan coronavirus 
Three Japanese people evacuated from Wuhan have tested positive for the coronavirus. Japan’s health ministry said two of the infected had shown no symptoms  
think of all the people that woman from wuhan encountered during her stay here in dgte!!! pedicab drivers, vendors?????? i am so mad rn
i cant believe we went from blowbagets to wuhan  …
JUST IN: The Philippines has confirmed its first case of the Wuhan coronavirus 
— Australians flown home from Wuhan will be quarantined on an island — Americans evacuated from Wuhan will be “temporarily housed” on an air base in California — In South Korea, police have been empowered to detain people who refuse to be quarantined 
Scientists have said that a type of snake may be the original source of the Wuhan coronavirus. However, other infectious disease experts say the ultimate culprit is more likely to be the bat. 
They are the most adorable, honorable people in this new era! Salute to these Chinese doctors who have been working tirelessly in the wake of #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city. They've been cut off from their families for a national cause.  …
A student at Arizona State University has started a petition to cancel classes after someone from the university was confirmed to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus 
A 38-year-old Chinese woman who traveled to the Philippines from Wuhan through Hong Kong is the country’s first case of novel coronavirus. She is currently admitted in a government hospital in Metro Manila. 
CM Sindh has reached out to Foreign Secretary in respect of the Pakistanis in Wuhan & in particular from Sindh. Hes been informed that the website of Pakistani embassy in Beijing has the numbers on which the well being of Pakistanis can be checked.
A professor with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said in a new study that the data they had so far was consistent with the Wuhan coronavirus being initially hosted by bats 
Malaysia has arrested four people on suspicion of spreading fake news about the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak on social media, according to the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission 
Labor supports the evacuation just as we have provided bipartisan support for other actions in relation to caronavirus. But no Australian should be denied evacuation because of dollars. Every Australian who wishes to be evacuated from Wuhan should be.  …
Update on #Coronavirus incident: A patient has been tested positive for Novel #Coronavirus infection and is kept in isolation.The infected patient is a student of Wuhan University. We are closely monitoring the situation.
Turkish ambulance plane departing from Ankara to evacuate Turkish and Azerbaijani citizens from China’s Wuhan city, the heart of the coronavirus outbreak 
Holiday delay notice Dear all Currently, due to the epidemic situation in wuhan, many Chinese cities have extended the Spring Festival holiday (including  Therefore, I am sorry to inform you that we will not resume work until February 10th. 
HEALTH DEPT. CONFIRMS FIRST NOVEL CORONAVIRUS CASE in the Philippines -DOH monitoring Cebu, Dumaguete where infected person visited. -38 year old woman from Wuhan, China tested positive. -Infected patient is in Manila. Source: CNN PH KEEP SAFE EVERYONE. ALWAYS WEAR A MASK!!!!
The nearly 200 Americans flown out of China will stay at a military base in California for at least three days so they can be monitored for Wuhan coronavirus symptoms. 
FAST FACTS: Here's what we know about the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCov), and how you can reduce your risks of infection from the Wuhan virus. For live updates on nCoV follow this link:  
Three Japanese evacuees from Wuhan test positive for virus, two had no symptoms  
Which is why evacuating Pakistanis from wuhan not a good idea. No way we can handle an outbreak, we can't even handle 'regular' diseases  …
australian government: you need to pay $1000 to evacuate Wuhan me: ok Australian government: and then you’ll be on Christmas Island for 2 weeks me: ok Australian government: and then you’ll go to Perth me: oh my god
Philippines has confirmed its first case of corona virus, a 38-year-old woman from wuhan china, who also traveled to cebu and dumaguete city before she was admitted in the Government-Run Hospital in Manila. Ngl, im terrified. Please be extra careful!
January: - Taal erupted affecting thousands of people - First case of nCov was announced today Gov't Actions? - Offered a tribute for Kobe - Allowed people from Wuhan and affected regions to enter our country - DOH: No need to fear - Drugs is the major problem Tang ina.
China approves charter flights to bring home Wuhan tourists #coronavirus  …
#Coronavirus #China #Wuhan “The truth is our university take good care of us as much as they can. They provide us with relevant medical equipment for safety precautions, and HALAL food twice a day. “ Pakistani students in Wuhan said. @Zoon_AhmedKhan @CathayPak @zlj517 
y'all, please always wear a mask because it's already confirmed that someone from wuhan, china who have a novel corona virus came here in the philippines. take care and always be safe!
Salute to these Chinese doctors who have been working tirelessly in the wake of #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city. They’ve been cut off from their families for a national cause. 
Funplus donated more than 2million yuan to help Wuhan a corona virus affected area #LoL #LPL . 
Corona confirmed in Kerala. A student of Wuhan University isolated in Kerala. Condition stable currently according to Malayalam News Channels.  …
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
BREAKING: DOH confirms that a 38 year-old woman from Wuhan, China is the first positive case of the 2019 novel coronavirus in the Philippines. According to DOH Health Undersecretary Eric Domingo, the confirmed case is in Manila. 
Wuhan coronavirus has now spread to every region within mainland China 
The Philippines on Thursday, January 30, confirmed its first case of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Suspend all visas from Wuhan and other parts of China. Ingat po tayong lahat!  …
We now have one confirmed case of a 38 year old woman from Wuhan China who tested positive of nCov. She traveled both in Cebu and Dumaguete in the Philippines. This scared the shit out of me. Keep safe everyone! So anuna, di pa rin magtravel ban? #coronavirus 
This is exactly why i am not in favor of govt extracting Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan, we have no isolation plan or proper healthcare system & God forbid some of them carry it back, we will all be doomed. It’s very selfish but it is what it is  …
JANUARY 21 - The woman who has the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus arrived in the Philippines from Wuhan, China via HK. JANUARY 25 - She was admitted in a gov't hospital. JANUARY 30 - DOH confirms that she has the novel coronavirus 9 DAYS AFTER SHE ARRIVED FROM
First it was the masks that was sent out to China, instead of being used in your own country after a volcanic eruption you prioritised others. Now, putting your own men in quarantine instead of those outsiders that came from Wuhan themselves? Philippines, you disgust me.  …
The DOH & WHO Phils has confirmed its first case of novel coronavirus or 2019-nCoV for Phils on Jan 30, 2020. Always remember WUHAN Wash hands Use mask properly Have temperature checked regularly Avoid large crowds Never touch your face with unclean hands, no beso-beso. CTTO 
BREAKING: Philippines recorded its first case of the novel #coronavirus (2019-ncoV) as per DOH and WHO today. The first case is from a 38-year-old person that arrived in the country from Wuhan, China last January 21, 2020. 
India confirms its 1st case of coronavirus: a student who recently returned home from Wuhan University. Now in isolation in Kerala.  …
The unsung heroes of #wuhan. Medical workers fighting the #coronavirus on the front line working non stop fell asleep without taking off their protective suits. @GlenGilmore @helene_wpli @YuHelenYu @HeinzVHoenen @AmandaRay02 @NevilleGaunt @psb_dc @debraruh @kashthefuturist 
As per @DOHgov we already have one confirmed case of a 38 year old woman from Wuhan China, surveillance is ongoing both in Cebu and Dumaguete where travel was tracked. Time stamp January 30, 2020 1609H and as seen in @cnnphilippines #coronavirus
DOH: The confirmed case arrived in PH from Wuhan, China via Hong Kong last January 21. #nCoV #coronavirus
BREAKING: The Philippines has confirmed its first case of novel coronavirus or 2019-nCoV. Local health officials announced that a female Chinese national is the country’s first case of 2019-nCoV, which was first reported in Wuhan City in China 
BREAKING: DOH confirms 1st case of NCOV in the country. PUI is a 38-yr old Chinese woman who arrived from Wuhan, China from Hong Kong on Jan 21, 2020. Patient was admitted in a govt hospital on Jan 25 after experiencing mild cough. She is currently asymptomatic. 
One positive case of Novel Coronavirus has been found, in Kerala. The student was studying at Wuhan University in China. The patient is stable and is being closely monitored. 
A professor with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said in a new study that the data they had so far was consistent with the Wuhan coronavirus being initially hosted by bats 
BREAKING: DOH confirms first case of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in the Philippines—a 38-year-old woman from Wuhan, China. | via 
Christmas Island not equipped to deal with people from coronavirus-stricken Wuhan, AMA chief says  …
After 3 days of non-stop work, here’s a look at #Wuhan’s 2nd emergency #coronavirus hospital. The Leishenshan Hospital is being built with special medical sewage treatment facilities #雷神山医院 
NEW: Huanggang, a locked-down city close to Wuhan, will ban the use of private vehicles in an effort to stop coronavirus
Bats, the source of so many viruses, could be the origin of Wuhan coronavirus, say experts | via 
Christmas Island not equipped to deal with people from coronavirus-stricken Wuhan, AMA chief says  …
Ikea is shutting down all of its stores across China as the deadly Wuhan coronavirus outbreak escalates. 
The Wuhan nCoV may be deadly contagious, but what's even worse is the sheer amount of fake news and hoaxes surrounding this pandemic. I get it, you want people to be vigilant. But when y'all start getting racist and presume every Chinese folks are infected, y'all are just evil.
Ebola kills half of the people who get it. SARS killed 10% of those infected. The new coronavirus from Wuhan appears far less fatal—and that presents a different problem 
In the Chinese city of Wuhan, 11 million people are marking a week on lockdown to try to stop the spread of the deadly coronavirus. However, scientists are warning that other major cities could soon  self-sustaining epidemics. 
Government minister Nick Gibb has told Sky News the plane due to carry British nationals from the Chinese city of Wuhan will land at a military base in the UK
A week after Wuhan was placed under lockdown, more than 7,700 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in China, including 170 deaths. 
Every time I read "the Australian government is planning to evacuate citizens who might have coronavirus from Wuhan to a refugee concentration camp that currently holds 100+ staff and a single refugee family", I have to double-check I'm not reading satire. What a world
People in Wuhan, China, are shouting messages of hope from their apartments as all residents are being encouraged to stay home during the coronavirus outbreak 
Thursday in the crisis over the new coronavirus: WHO experts to consider declaring a global health emergency; confirmed Chinese cases surpass 7,700, more than the total in the SARS; a planeful of 195 Americans leaves Wuhan.  
Scenes from #Wuhan today. @AFP's @hectorretamal photographs life in the city under lockdown: removing a suspected #coronavirus patient from an apartment block, queuing at a pharmacy and disinfecting a residential 
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
The Australian government is evacuating people from Wuhan for $1000, which is almost double what they would have paid for a coffee and a muffin at Sydney airport. #CoronavirusOutbreak
There are more than 100 cases of Wuhan coronavirus in 19 places outside mainland China 
'We're not prisoners': Australians in Wuhan conflicted over being sent to Christmas Island detention centre  …
Online videos show Wuhan  up with all kinds of activities to kill time during the coronavirus lockdown: playing ping pong on the dining table, square dancing in the living room, and pretending to fish in fish tanks. 
Wuhan virus: Hong Kong unions threaten strikes in push for border closure to curb spread  …
Hong Kong customs officials are carrying out a large scale city-wide special operation to crack down on stores selling fake surgical masks amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
Rasam: If you are from Wuhan, I am your Tuhan
Three Japanese evacuees from Wuhan test positive for virus, two had no symptoms  
At least three of the Japanese citizens evacuated from Wuhan on Wednesday have been diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus. Only one of the patients has a fever, while the other two are not showing any symptoms. 
—China now has more cases of the Wuhan coronavirus than it had of SARS,  the two is tricky —170 people have died. More than 7,711 cases have been confirmed. —Mask hoarders may raise the risk of an outbreak in the United States Live updates: 
Doctor who help lead Wuhan‘s fight against coronavirus is himself terminally ill and has only 5-10 years to live! Zhang Dingyu, head of Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, reveals in interview he is an #ALS patient but said will continue to work in time of #coronavirus 
The closure of factories in China in response to the Wuhan virus will cascade through the global economy 
The Chinese city of #Wuhan was lit up at night to encourage 鼓励(gǔ lì) people to stay strong & fight against the #coronavirus. Four Chinese characters 武汉加油 (wǔ hàn jiā yóu) were shown on the skyscrapers meaning “Hang on, Wuhan.” 
Wuhan coronavirus has now spread to every region within mainland China 
Coronavirus Wuhan diary: Living alone in a city gone quiet 
Medical workers fighting the #coronavirus on the front line in Wuhan fell asleep without taking off their protective suits. Many of them have been working nonstop and could only sleep for 2-3 hours a day. 
You should monitor it from Wuhan.
Focus of #Wuhan now. One of the earlier images of Wuhan, The Yellow Crane Tower, also symbol of Wuhan, and one of the Four Great Towers of China. Built as watch tower in AD 223, gradually turned into a scenic spot, demolished 12 times,rebuilt 12 times. Ca.1884，albumen print. 
Elon Musk's Tesla factory in China just got up and running. Now its vehicle production there will be delayed because of the deadly Wuhan virus outbreak. 
#coronavirus #Wuhan Hospital’s medical staff sleeping on the floor during a break. Exhausted!!! It says a lot about the pressure that these people are under and the very long working hours. 
Medical team in #Wuhan receives a surprise cake from anonymous sender 
Hang on, Bridgette McKenzie can use a RAAF plane $40+K to fly to a Gun expo, but ordinary Aussies caught in WUHAN have to pay to get rescued ??????? says it all doesn’t it
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
This is South Korea's Vice Minister of Health and Welfare Kim Gang-lip, being attacked by residents of a facility in Jincheon County, where some of the Korean citizens to be repatriated from Wuhan will be quarantined for 14 days. 
3. Similarly the number of deaths in China from the Wuhan coronavirus are vastly underestimated. If the disease wasn't diagnosed, any deaths resulting from it went uncounted. Plus the Chinese government is actively covering up critical virologic and epidemiological information
This is of course illegal to charge people  with a Biosecurity order, but why worry about those little things? Australians will need to pay $1000 to be evacuated from Wuhan  … via @smh
I have spoken with my Chinese counterpart, State Councilor Wang. I conveyed our readiness to help at this difficult time & thanked him for China’s cooperative approach. We covered numerous issues. I advised him of our request to assist in the departure of Australians from Wuhan.
As panic grows over the lack of face masks in #HongKong to stave off the #Wuhan virus, the government says rumours that it will provide some for the public are totally unfounded.  …
Three Japanese evacuees from Wuhan test positive for virus, two had no symptoms  
Huoshenshan Hospital, an emergency specialty field hospital, is being constructed in Wuhan, China. The facility is expected to  in 4 days. #pneumonia  …
Difference between mainland & HK? Mainland nurses from Shanghai & other cities go to Wuhan to help out, HK nurses strike in protest  donating masks to Hubei, HKers protest at Watson's for running out The riots have changed HK morality  …
After looking through social media, the penny has dropped. It seems that most of the 700 Australian citizens to be brought from Wuhan to the Christmas Island detention centre are Chinese Australians. It's all about their ethnicity and the government's racism. #auspol
Ms. Ng had spoken up on behalf of all HKers, while she queuing for several hrs 2 buy a single box of surgical mask. Saying that HKers were terrified by d zombies rushed in from #Wuhan. In response 2 what she wanna say 2 d HK government, "Eat shit, I'm so pissed". 
Wuhan coronavirus found in Xinjiang, squalid Uighur concentration camps vulnerable  …
Wuhan coronavirus: Hongkongers queue overnight to buy face masks amid citywide shortage  … @krislc #HongKong #China #WuhanPneumonia #coronaviruschina #Cornoavirus
So far, 9.7 million confirmed influenza cases, 8,200 people have died and 140,000 people have been hospitalized during the 2019-2020 flu season, according to preliminary estimates from the CDC. I guess the Wuhan coronavirus must have a better PR agent.
When I wrote this Wuhan documentary story earlier this month, none of us knew Wuhan would   different Wuhan. But let's take a moment to remember Wuhan for what it was like before the virus disrupted everything, for what's the most precious in life-"the mundane."  …
Appreciate all students in #Wuhan who’ve been reaching out to me,just request you to stay patient & not believe misreported news. So far no students ve been evacuated,we’re connected with gov managing things on both sides,it’s our priority to keep you & everyone around you safe
The #UAE's health authorities said they detected #coronavirus in a family of four people who had arrived from #Wuhan, #China.
A  in Sichuan is attacking a household who had a son return from Wuhan and tried to hide him 
Good Idea. Take the Sanghis to Wuhan and each and every Corona virus  suicide.  …
Australians trapped in the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak will have to pay up to $1000 to be evacuated from Wuhan to quarantine on Christmas Island  …
Australians will need to pay up to $1000 to be evacuated from Wuhan, and after quarantine on Christmas Island, they will be dropped off in Perth and make their way home at their own expense  …
My mum just came back from Wuhan recently, but because she's white, nobody is treating her like this. This is absolutely racism and nothing to do with legitimately trying to avoid disease.
New Zealand evacuation flight from Wuhan offers spare spots on 300-seat plane to Australians and Pacific Islanders wishing to leave #coronavirus-hit city. 53 New Zealanders are confirmed to be in Wuhan but the actual number is believed to be double that  
A look at the #WuhanCoronavirus #evacuation today: - 195 Americans now back to a #California air force base, under voluntary medical testing - 206 Japanese now in Tokyo, 5 hospitalized - #France, #Australia, #Thailand also moving citizens out of #Wuhan  …
Indian students at Wuhan university appeal for early evacuation, say 'running out of food and water' — ⁦ @DrSJaishankar⁩ get our ppl out. We can’t let the Chinese dictate  …
(3/7) That US evacuation flight from Wuhan to Cali finally landed - to *cheers*. The ~200 Americans will stay at March Air Base for 3 days then allowed to go home but undergo “active monitoring” for 14 days for #WuhanCoronavirus. There’s still public concern. @CBSNews is here.
"The whole world needs to be on alert now," said Michael Ryan, the head of the World Health Organization's Health Emergencies Programme, as the number of confirmed Wuhan coronavirus cases continues to rise 
WATCH: Anger boils over and the police are called as people across #HongKong desperately search for face masks to protect themselves from the #Wuhan virus Full story:  
People are desperate for face masks in Hong Kong as the #coronavirus spreads globally from #Wuhan, China. Some started lining up at around 5am #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Amending this - it appears to be in a city outside Wuhan but the home belongs to people who came from Wuhan - Sign reads: “此户型 武汉返乡人员 请勿接触” “This household returned from Wuhan. Please do not touch”
82 Malaysians have been identified in and around Wuhan, free from the new coronavirus . That’s according to Malaysia’s ambassador to China, Nushirwan Zainal Abidin . Wisma Putra is seeking cooperation from Beijing to bring them home  …
Chinese authorities are now barring the homes of suspected coronavirus patients from Wuhan 
Wuhan officials seen barring shut a suspected carrier’s home and placing a warning notice 
Authorities in Langfang, Hebei province sealing the door of a family who has returned from #Wuhan, despite the woman protesting inside. That's how #CCP is dealing with #coronavirus. A humanitarian disaster is happening in China now. . #WuhanCoronavirus 
Some patients with Wuhan coronavirus only show mild symptoms. “We have seen patients, especially children, who have pneumonia, but have no symptoms, no fever or cough,” says Yuen Kwok-yung, a microbiologist at the University of Hong Kong  
Elizabeth Warren is now blaming the spread of infectious diseases like the Wuhan coronavirus on climate change. Is she now 1/1024th scientist? Warren must have received her degree from Al Gore and got her facts from Greta Thunberg!
Asian governments are scrambling to limit the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus while bracing for economic repercussions. 
Three people from #Japan who flew out of Wuhan yesterday have tested positive to the #coronavirus. Apparently two of them showed no symptoms. I wonder if anyone else on the flight has been infected? #China
[Long queues at outlets across Hong Kong selling masks, as panic buying continues amid Wuhan coronavirus outbreak] Hong Kong is now under the severe hit of Coronavirus, and unfortunately, our earloop masks here now face tremendous supply shortage. 
The coronavirus outbreak shows the cost of the Chinese government's insistence on censorship over public debate. Rather than encouraging health professionals to sound the alarm, eight early whistle-blowers were summoned for talks by the Wuhan police. 
It's just a week into China's full-scale fight against the Wuhan coronavirus. But the economic cost is already looking huge, and could easily outstrip that of any other epidemic in recent decades, including SARS.  
1. What is new about the 'Wuhan coronavirus'? 2. What are the odds it  to India? 3. How bad can it get? 4. Won't China's quarantine measures prevent a pandemic? 5. Where did the virus originate? @PriyankaPulla has answers + more.  … @TheWireScience
Wuhan is surviving and staying relatively orderly thanks in large part to its working class: people sent out to collect trash, clean streets, work in supermarkets and food stores — when every instinct tells residents that they should hole up at home. 
"A tour-bus driver in Japan" got coronavirus after driving tourists from Wuhan. Do you think those tourists kissed the bus driver as they disembarked? Me neither. Coronavirus may be aerosolized. Time to  flights from China to US.  …
If the Wuhan virus originated in bats, it will be one of many that the animals tolerate without ill effect, perhaps because of an unusual immune system. 
At least 7,711 cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been confirmed in China, including 170 deaths as of the end of Wednesday, according to China’s National Health Commission. This number reflects an increase of 1,737 cases and 38 deaths from Tuesday. 
China NT Pharma Group extended gains on Thurs, opening more than 60% higher and now trading 30% up.  said it's ready to cooperate with the mainland govt for mass production of ambroxol, known as Mucosolvan, as a potential treatment for the deadly Wuhan coronavirus. 
There are more than 90 confirmed cases of Wuhan coronavirus - but no deaths so far - in 19 places outside mainland China. This is a full list of places outside mainland China with confirmed cases.  …
Staff in one of the few hotels still open in Wuhan have been engaging in daily group exercise to keep the coronavirus at bay 
Live: Construction continues on January 30 for #Wuhan makeshift hospitals for novel #coronavirus  …
The UN sends almost 19,000 protective suits and 20,000 masks to #Wuhan, China to  the spread of the 
Malaysia has arrested four people on suspicion of spreading fake news about the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak on social media, according to the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission 
Huoshenshan Hospital, an emergency specialty field hospital, is being constructed in Wuhan, China. The facility is expected to  in 4 days. #pneumonia  …
Three Japanese evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan have the novel coronavirus says Japan's health minister: AFP news agency
Case of 10-year-old boy diagnosed with Wuhan coronavirus even though he showed no symptoms raises fears it's spreading undetected 
Coronavirus latest: -Death toll rises to 170, cases jump to 7,711 -Three Japanese evacuated from Wuhan test positive for coronavirus -Airlines cancel more mainland China flights to counter virus 
Heartbreaking! Medical workers fighting the #coronavirus on the front line in Wuhan fell asleep without taking off their protective suits. Many of them have been working nonstop and could only sleep for 2-3 hours a day. 
Good Morning Minister @HardeepSPuri-why don’t you ask Vistara, Indigo,Go Air,Air Asia or any other private airlines to operate Rescue Flights to Wuhan?Why @airindiain only? Airline your Govt’s Nadir Shahi seeks to destroy is one you turn too in a moment of crisis? 
Qld Health says the man confirmed to be infected with Coronavirus travelled to the Gold Coast on Mon from Melbourne on Tiger flight TT566 . He flew in from Wuhan 5 days prior and was travelling with 8 people - 4 are currently unwell - all are being tested @abcnews @abcbrisbane
Race against time! Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital, the second special hospital to treat #coronavirus  electricity installation by the evening of Jan 29, the 5th day of its main body 
He flew from Wuhan to Melbourne via Singapore, arriving on the 22nd of January. He spent some time in Melbourne before flying to Gold Coast. @9NewsAUS
The other problem here is that a plane big enough to evac all the aussies in Wuhan is too big to land at Christmas Island, so they’ll probably need to change planes in Darwin. #ScottyFromMarketing hasn’t thought any of this  …
I got banned on redditt for this video I found searching. Wuhan in the recents on ig the original post came from a Chinese citizen named one truth news but I got banned for posting this video 
#Breaking: #Japan has confirmed three passengers on board their first evacuation flight from Wuhan, #China are infected w/ the #Coronavirus according to NHK
Meet deliveryman satisfying #Wuhan's late-night food cravings 
Coronavirus: Australia doesn't have permission from China to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan  …
the party arrested doctors who were trying to tell the truth about the wuhan corona virus as early as January 1. imagine a china where they had been allowed to speak. imagine how much more could have been done to save people's lives.  …
#BREAKING Three Japanese evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan have the novel coronavirus, Japan's health minister says 
In eyes of Chinese， #Wuhan people r not human but virus. In eye of HKers， Chinese r not human but virus too. I don't blame anyone who wants to survive，but worth to point out no one is better than anyone, just selfish survival instinct. I don't like this HK cartoon. 
BREAKING: Three Japanese evacuated from Wuhan, China, have tested positive for coronavirus.
#Trump suggested Wednesday that he’d recently spoken to Chinese President #XiJinping amid concerns over containing the Wuhan #coronoavirus, but a White House official tells CNN that the last time the two world leaders spoke was in December. Via @Acosta @Kevinliptakcnn
NEW: 3 Japanese people have tested positive for coronavirus after they were evacuated from Wuhan  …
. @StateDept staff and some private citizens evacuated from #Wuhan today, thanks to our great team and @HHSGov, @CDCGov, @DeptofDefense, and state and local officials. We’re closely watching outbreak, focused on welfare of American citizens still in Wuhan. 
just reading about the British citizens in #Wuhan with no idea of when their plane might leave - and Natalie Francis, a York teacher who has been told she can take the plane, but her three year old, who has a Chinese passport but also British citizenship cannot. This is wrong.
Probably best that you go to Wuhan to see for yourself though. Y'know, a solo fact finding tour of the epicentre. Without a mask...
This is a remarkable detail. The 8 people detained in Wuhan for spreading rumours about the mysterious pneumonia then just starting its spread through the city were all doctors.  …
An alternative "honest" Morrison presser: "My government has offered to help evacuate Australian citizens from Wuhan. We haven't checked with Qantas or Christmas Is. authorities yet. Passengers will have to pay of course and be detained for 2 weeks on arrival" #auspol
Of all the findings regarding the first #NCIP #2019nCoV cases in #Wuhan I think the most amazing is ZERO children -- no under-15-yr-olds. Why? Is the "disease" a cytokine storm response to  nonhuman, alien antigen? (Most #SARS & #MERS is adult, 
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Countries that have evacuated citizens from Wuhan, China because of the coronavirus: Australia European Union Germany France Italy Spain India New Zealand Japan South Korea Turkey UK US 
With worldwide uncertainty growing over the new Wuhan coronavirus, I asked Harvard epidemiologist @DrEricDing to sort out the facts from the hysteria. Watch the full interview on YouTube tonight:  
After recovering from the novel #coronavirus pneumonia, Guo Qin, a 38-year-old nurse in Wuhan returned to work to continue the fight against the virus. “I don’t want to be a hero, but I just can’t run away at this time,” she said. 
BREAKING: There are now at least 162 dead from Wuhan coronavirus in China’s Hubei province — the epicenter of the outbreak. Death toll has gone up by 37 from the previous day | via 
Maybe it’s meant to discourage the Australians in Wuhan from applying.
John Bolton is about as trustworthy as a meat market in Wuhan!
Read my latest report about the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak on @HumanEvents.The medical system of Hubei is paralyzed. But propagandists on twitter are praising China, says that they are quickly mobilizing to deal with this crisis. It is a human  …
A professor with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said in a new study that the data they had so far was consistent with the Wuhan coronavirus being initially hosted by bats 
coronavirus has been racialised as a "chinese" illness and for this reason chinese people, regardless of their proximity to wuhan are being treated like carriers of the virus. similar to how ebola was subtly touted as an "african" illness.  …
New Hubei cases outside of Wuhan: Two days ago: 399 Yesterday: 525 Today: 676
A couple confirm infected by #WuhanCoronavirus were sent to Princess Margaret Hospital last night for isolation, they’re #Wuhan residents. Actually 95% confirmed cases in #HongKong aren’t local residents, govt is putting ppl at risks not to seal all borders. 
Approximately 2/3 of the 1,032 new cases in Hubei province are not in Wuhan
Here’s everything you need to know about the current #coronaravirus outbreak from Wuhan, China.  
Same ANA aircraft as yesterday is again flying Japanese citizens from Wuhan to Japan  … 
US health officials will not institute a blanket quarantine for about 200 Americans who landed at a California military base after being evacuated from Wuhan, the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus outbreak in China 
Weird how anti-vaxxers and Q-Anon followers believe the exact same conspiracy theory bullshit that ingesting a bleaching agent can "cure" the Wuhan coronavirus, HIV/AIDS and autism. Wait no... that's totally expected.  …
NEJM new paper out analyzing data on the first 425 confirmed cases in #Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak  … - median age ~59yo - 56% male - mean incubation period ~5.2 days (95% CI, 4.1 to 7.0) - basic reproductive number R0 ~2.2 (95% CI, 1.4 to 3.9) 
Authors provide an epidemiologic analysis of first 425 confirmed cases of infection with #2019nCoV in Wuhan, China. This analysis provides estimates of the epidemic doubling time and the basic reproductive number and shows clear evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission.
The rise in false or misleading online posts about the Wuhan coronavirus, which has infected thousands of people primarily in mainland China, could once again test the ability of social  to handle viral misinformation on their platforms 
A short summary of #BullshitBoy's #Wuhan evacuation plan: 1. Qantas were not consulted 2. It is doubtful Xmas Island runway can handle large airliners 3. Xmas Is. medical facility not up to quarantine standard 4. Evacuees have to pay for airfares (and  #auspol
We definitely aren’t there yet — but #東京オリンピック中止 ( #TokyoOlympicsCancelled) trends on Japanese Twitter after media reports that WHO and IOC are in talks over Wuhan coronavirus fears  
A woman walks in the street on Jan 29, 2020 in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. The coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan, has infected more than 6000 people in China, killing at least 133. : 
Thanks to rapid data sharing by @institutpasteur, we've now included two #nCoV2019 genomes from Paris sampled on Jan 24 at  . These two virus genomes appear identical and fit exposure to the same source case in Wuhan or household transmission. 
People from Wuhan are getting locked in their apt from the outside. What is this inhumane treatment?  …
Here’s what it’s like to live in Wuhan amid the coronavirus outbreak 
It’s curious how many Australians are now furious about “innocent” people in Wuhan being forced to go to Xmas Island for a coupla weeks ... almost like there haven’t been innocent, desperate people locked up on Xmas Island for years & fucking YEARS. #PardonYourRacismIsShowing
Chinese farmers, supermarkets race to supply food to locked down Wuhan  
CGTN's Xu Xinchen goes to the city of Huanggang, a neighbor to the city of Wuhan, to see how the second worst sit hit by the #coronavirus outbreak is handling the 
Hundreds of Americans who returned to the United States Wednesday from the epicenter of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak are voluntarily quarantined at the March Air Reserve Base in southern California 
Australian tourists returning from Wuhan... straight to Christmas Island for 14 days and a bill at the end of it. Chinese tourists direct from anywhere in China... direct line to capital cities and here's a pamphlet.... #auspol
"Unbeknownst to Harvard University, beginning in 2011, Lieber became a “Strategic Scientist” at Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) in China." That's uh, interesting.  …
Latest news on the coronavirus:  • More than 6,000 confirmed cases • Americans evacuated from area near Wuhan • Finland confirms first case • British Airways halts flights to and from China • WHO to reconvene to discuss global risk
This is how people are reacting to the Wuhan virus in China. 
Planet SkySats capture the desolate streets and railways of Wuhan, China as businesses temporarily suspend operations in an attempt to limit the spread of the deadly coronavirus. 
An airplane carrying more than 200 Americans evacuated this week from Wuhan, China, the center of an outbreak of a deadly virus that has quickly spread across the globe, landed at an Air Force reserve base in California, Pentagon officials said.  …
— China now has more cases of coronavirus than it had of SARS —A flight of over 200 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan landed in Southern California Wednesday morning —British Airways canceled all flights to and from China 
Scientists have said that a type of snake may be the original source of the Wuhan coronavirus. However, other infectious disease experts say the ultimate culprit is more likely to be the bat. 
Not only is it grossly unethical for ⁦ @ScottMorrisonMP⁩ ⁦to make Australians removed from Wuhan and quarantined on Christmas Island pay for their 2 week detention, it is most likely illegal too ... 
#coronaravirus How doctors be looking going into Wuhan 
People seem to think Corona beer is related to the deadly Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, as searches for 'Corona beer virus' are trending  … via @businessinsider
Chartered plane carrying American consulate personnel and citizens from Wuhan, China, lands in California after undergoing coronavirus screening in Alaska.  
201 Americans will be quarantined for an undisclosed amount of time after the U.S. govt evacuated them from Wuhan. Evacuees passed a health screening en route to a military base in California, officials said. Thousands of foreigners are stuck at the epicenter. 
More than 200 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, because of the coronavirus will remain at a military base in Southern California for three days. 
China literally had an amazing response to the coronavirus. They’ve built two hospitals, provided thousands of supplies, quarantined Wuhan, and sequenced the virus, but all America wants to talk about is how China is BiG bAd aUthOriTaRiAn  …
More tragedy during #coronavirus. Single father quarantined, 17 year old child with autism who couldn't look after himself left alone at home and died 6 days later in Huanggang, (very close to #Wuhan) Hubei Province in China. The child got only 2 meals in 6 days. 
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new #Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid 
Community action for Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic response 
Airlines are cutting flights to China. It’s not enough. The best way to stop the Wuhan coronavirus from spreading is a targeted travel ban.  …
Boarding a flight for connecting and some people are coughing on flight I know how hard they trying not to because everyone’s on edge This trip is going smooth so far but about to land in HK Here’s the new forms to fill out... RIP if you’re from #Wuhan 
Here’s a look at #Wuhan’s 2nd emergency #coronavirus hospital after 3 days of non-stop work. The Leishenshan Hospital is being built with special medical sewage treatment facilities 
A laboratory in Australia has  the first outside of China to grow the Wuhan coronavirus from a patient sample. Scientists say they will “share this with international colleagues” to help with the developments of vaccines and medicines. 
6) To be clear, this mortality % is not the official “Case Fatality Rate” (which is technically not a true rate since it doesn’t have time). This is just a selected sample of infected patients seen in Wuhan hospital, not of all infected patients. So let’s cautiously interpret.
“Imagine being a Wuhan citizen…they can't get any medical treatments, they can't even get a diagnosis. They can only sit and wait to die.” A #Wuhan citizen speaks out about the #Coronavirus, and says the symptoms of the virus do not match what authorities are 
A 78-year-old patient who had severe disease of the novel #coronavirus pneumonia was cured and discharged from hospital in #Wuhan on Wednesday. This is the first case that a seriously ill senior patient infected with the novel coronavirus has been cured in Wuhan. 
To help China in the hour of it's need India has agreed to take 79 Corona infected patients. They'll be flown from Wuhan, straight to Shaheen Bagh protesting crowds to study the mass spreading pattern.
People in Wuhan, China, are shouting messages of hope from their apartments as all residents are being encouraged to stay home during the coronavirus outbreak 
5) Clinical summary of the 99 #coronavirus infected patients in Wuhan hospital, their symptoms, and the exact passage in the Lancet article that describes the 11% of the 99 who died (page 5).  
#SOS International #Pakistan students from Huangshi near #Wuhan r calling for help！ They stucked in Quarantine Zone & their gov dont want to help retreat. They are scared & need the world to know！ Please DM me or contact Kashir directly @KashirSandhu to help 
People seem to think Corona beer is related to the deadly Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, as searches for 'Corona beer virus' are trending. Don't drink the Beer LOL People need to be educated. SMH  …
4) MORTALITY numbers from a new @TheLancet article in Wuhan hospital shows the % mortality from the #coronavirus is... 11%! Wowzers. That was much higher than expected. Here is the summary from editor in chief of the Lancet (article PDF) in his link...   …
In #Wuhan , on Jan 18, when the #coronaravirus was already spreading rapidly and out of control, the government organized a grand “Eat Together “ event in which 40K families participated. 5 days later, the entire city was locked down, when 5 millions already  …
Lyu Jun (L), a member of a medical team leaving for Wuhan of Hubei Province, says goodbye to his family at #Xinjiang Medical University in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Jan. 28, 2020. 
Just got back from visiting relatives in Wuhan for chinese new year. Feel a little weird but my manager where I work as a Chipotle burrito artist says we're too shorthanded for me to take a sick day. Oh well!
I have directed 3 of my Chinese staff to go support the #CAA_NRC_Protests They are so kind ,especially flying down from Wuhan via Hong Kong, they are reaching #Shaheen_Bagh tomorrow #coronaravirus
How is the Wuhan coronavirus spreading, what misunderstandings are being proliferated along the way, and how can it be stopped? Foreign Policy editors have collected our coverage of the outbreak so far. [Thread.]  
Remember the 8 ppl who were detained by Wuhan authorities in early January for spreading "rumors" about a new virus (which discouraged others from speaking out)? It turns out they were all doctors. PRC govt's obsession with social stability has tragic consequences.  …
NEW: Aerial footage shows a U.S. government charter flight evacuating Americans out of Wuhan, China – coronavirus epicenter – as it touched down at March Air Reserve Base in Riverside County, California; all passengers are subject to additional screening.  
Found an IR thermometer at work. Scanning coworkers and yelling WUHAN! if they're over 100°F Probably going to get fired
As someone who follows cities stuff, I am resistant to using "Wuhan virus" or "Wuhan coronavirus" shorthand. Toronto had to work hard to shake the SARS stigma without having a deadly virus actually named after it.
A new study found only 82-83% of #2019nCoV patients in 99 cases of Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital will exhibit fever and cough as symptoms, hinting invisible transmitters could be spreading the virus  before admitting  …
Important piece by @Justin_Ling looking at the very shady origins of the stories about the Wuhan virology lab. One off-hand guess by an Israeli intelligence 'expert' has spawned an entire genre.  …
+ Chinese netizens are sending their messages of thanks to Korea.” In their caption, they wrote “BTS Jungkook’s Chinese fanbase (Jungkook China) donated 52,000 Yuan (8.77M Korean Won) gathered through fundraising and also donated professional medical goods to Wuhan’s hospital.
Videos of firecrackers go viral as "proof" that police are shooting patients in the streets of Wuhan; claims that the CPC is digging mass graves and not building quarantine hospitals, rumors China has "paid off" the WHO bc it praised China's cooperation with international orgs
Sorry. I don't believe this. I will wait for official reports. No way can the Chinese government be trusted. They refused help from the CDC to help contain it. That to me is suspicious. China Claims Wuhan Virus Spread Is Miraculously Declining  …
Corona Virus in Wuhan China. I don’t think the Chineses Communist Government is telling the truth on all the fatalities! 
knowledge. After all, the #coronavirus was only formally declared identified on Jan 9, 2020. Imagine the Wuhan authorities had acted on the information from these professional doctors to contain the emerging epidemic rather than punishing them. Alas, this is one more example of
Wuhan hospitals had SARS cases. It turns out that all eight were doctors; at least one of them had contracted the #coronavirus while treating patients.  from the Supreme People's Court weighed in that the eight were giving their opinion to the best of their
Earlier today the Wuhan police tried to lighten the effect of its earlier action by saying that the eight were given "education and criticism" but were "not detained"  …). It also revealed that the eight had shared information with others that various
Wuhan Jiayou!! @ChinaDaily when People are in crisis, a beautiful feeling that we are one, and that together we can  anything....People of China, We are with you!  …
China Claims Wuhan Virus Spread Is Miraculously Declining  …
"The Justice Department says Lieber, 60, lied about his contact with the Chinese program known as the Thousand Talents Plan. He also is accused of lying about about a lucrative contract he signed with China's Wuhan University of Technology."  …
Kaif-ul Wara, from Badin, sharing situation in her university which is near to #Wuhan city, China. Appeals GoP to help Pakistani students urgently. 
Pakistani student Nadeem Abbas, urging #Pakistani govt to evaluate them [around 500 students] from #coronavirus hit #Wuhan, #China, as four Pakistani students were found infected with the 
Paper 2: New analysis of 99 patients with laboratory-confirmed 2019 novel coronavirus who were transferred to Jinyintan Hospital, an adult infectious disease hospital admitting the first 2019-nCoV cases from hospitals across Wuhan, between Jan 1 & 20  
The U.S. and Japan pull their nationals out of Wuhan amid the coronavirus scare  
Paper 1: A new genetic analysis of 10 genome sequences of novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from 9 patients in Wuhan finds that the virus is most closely related to two bat-derived SARS-like coronaviruses  
In the wake of #2019nCoV #coronavirus, @HHSGov & CDC are supporting safe, expedient departure of approximately 200 US citizens from Wuhan, China back to the US. @StateDept leads the safe and expedient ordered departure of US citizens. Full 
The latest clinical report on 2019-nCoV: 99 patients from Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital. Important: a key group of patients progress rapidly to ARDS, septic shock, and multiple organ failure. 23% ITU admission, 17% ARDS, 11% mortality. 
Aerial images show major progress being made in the construction of #Wuhan's second specialized hospital amid the novel #CoronavirusOutbreak. The hospital covers 75,000 square meters and will have a maximum capacity of 1,600 beds  
Tibet, previously the last uninfected region of mainland China, announced its first suspected case of Wuhan coronavirus today. This suggests the virus is no longer just in dense urban areas, but has also spread to remote, rural corners of the country 
FBI filings show Prof. Lieber accepted $50,000 a month & $150,000 in living expenses from a contract with China's "Thousand Talent" program. He also received $1.5 Million (!!) from Wuhan University to establish a lab. Sell-out. He should be ashamed.  …
Wuhan, a Chinese city that most of us had no knowledge of till a few weeks ago, is probably bigger than Lagos, Nigeria's biggest city. There are 165 Chinese cities with a population of over 1 million. For perspective, there are only 10 American cities with a population of >1m.
Chinese citizens say that the new #Coronavirus outbreak is spreading quickly to other parts of the country outside the epicenter of #Wuhan. “The government data is hugely distorted,” said Mr. Li, a pharmacist at a state-run Chongqing hospital.  …
"Spare a thought for the thousands of front line health workers in China, many from outside Wuhan... [going during New Year to provide care at risk] is a testament to [their] professionalism  @WHO @DrMikeRyan in #ncov2019 press conference on now.
These Lies And Conspiracies About The Wuhan Coronavirus Are Totally False  … Note: this is just the tip of the iceberg. The amount of unverifiable videos and allegations is overwhelming
Selena Gomez has donated an amount of $3 MILLION to hospitals in Wuhan, China and to the research laboratories who're trying to find the cure for Corona Virus. Thank You Selena! We appreciate your humanitarian service! #coronavirus 
Folks, we're told the coronavirus started in Wuhan. The Chinese government has their highest level biohazard lab in Wuhan. The Harvard professor of chemistry indicted by the FBI was getting cash from Wuhan university. Wuhan. Wuhan. Wuhan.  …
BREAKING #CALIFORNIA #CA .... FLIGHT CHARTERED BY US STATE DEPT BRINGS 200 US CITIZENS HOME TO MARCH AIR RESERVE BASE FROM WUHAN, CHINA.... I sure hope they aren’t releasing them without a proper period of observation! 
My city, my hometown. #Wuhan lights up for the first time since #coronaravirus outbreak. Wuhan people are warm-hearted, resilient & hardworking. The city is sick, hopefully, it can get better soon. 
A man in Wuhan whose Canadian wife may soon give birth says they may leave the city aboard a British evacuation plane  …
Incredible snow artist using his feet as paintbrush! A beautiful way to honor the medical workers in Wuhan. #heroes  …
Come on, Wuhan. I believe the virus will be conquered soon. Come on! My family and I are very well. Thank you for worrying about my friends  …
More than 200 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, due to the deadly coronavirus arrived in Alaska late last night. The passengers have undergone four health screenings. 
Somali Students in Wuhan Speak of Fear, Loneliness, Hunger  …
US chartered evacuation flight from Wuhan on approach to March ARB now.  
HAPPENING NOW: Flight from Wuhan, China (where there's a #Coronavirus outbreak) getting ready to land in 
"Wuhan is a heroic city and will conquer its difficulties." 83-year-old Professor Zhong Nanshan, a Chinese respiratory expert, makes  when talking on the novel #coronavirus and the current fight against its 
1st #2019nCoV coronavirus case confirmed in Finland. Chinese 32yo female tourist from Wuhan region. Left Wuhan on 23rd, was hospitalized on 28th after 2 days of respiratory illness. Approx 15 others possibly exposed.  …
Find out everything you need to know about Wuhan coronavirus on our blog: 
Every week @gaslitnation does a bonus episode for Patreon members at the $5/month level or higher. Our bonus this week is on Wuhan and what happens when a virus spreads in a world dominated by dictators and disinfo! Listen to it here: 
9 tons of emergency medical supplies provided by Japan have arrived in #Wuhan, capital city of C China's Hubei, to help the fight against the novel #coronavirus 
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
British nationals returning from Wuhan will be quarantined for 14 days, the country's Health Secretary says 
This footage doing the rounds on social media in #China purportedly shows men barricading somebody from #Wuhan inside their home so as to stop them from spreading the #coronavirus. This is extreme but there are other examples of Wuhan people being badly treated at the moment.  …
United Airlines is temporarily reducing its schedule between the United States and three cities in China in light of the Wuhan virus 
FINLAND CONFIRMS FIRST CORONA VIRUS CASE ON TOURIST FROM WUHAN
#China is reportedly not allowing #Taiwan to evacuate its citizens from #Wuhan where the deadly #coronavirus is. It is an outrage that the Chinese government is playing politics with people’s lives & public 
Han Feizi on why Li Keqiang and not Xi Jinping is in Wuhan: "Where there are  the ruler takes credit for their worth; where there are errors, the ministers are held responsible for the blame; hence the ruler's name never suffers." (Watson, p. 17)
The Bureau of Customs says it is on high alert regarding shipments of "ukay-ukay" or used clothing, amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak that has spread to several areas worldwide. 
#5DemandsNot1Less from #Wuhan: 1) Apologize to 8 citizens who accused of sending rumours on #WuhanSARS 2) Investigate to officers covering up SARS 3) #FreedomOfSpeech Cannot delete posts 4) Open for humanitarian aid & not monopolize charity 5) Universal suffrage of President
Researchers in Australia are the first outside China to announce that they’ve grown the new coronavirus in cell culture, which can help in developing diagnostic tests and vaccines. Get the latest news on the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak below. 
Papua New Guinea has said it will refuse entry to  from Asia in an attempt to keep the Wuhan coronavirus out of the country. 
The best report I've seen about the situation in Wuhan.  …
This video is a fascinating example of people standing in solidarity with each other. People in Wuhan, China -- the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak -- are yelling supportive messages out their windows to each other. @nowthisnews Watch with 
I can't wait to another fan mail video and get incurable amounts of WUHAN CORONAVIRUS from all the shit China packages I get
We can restrict cabinet members from travelling to the US because of some petty reason, but we can't do the same to travellers from the Wuhan region who are possibly carrying the coronavirus? This government needs to check its priorities.  …
Jack Ma, Alibaba founder and China's richest man, has donated 100 million yuan ($14.4 million) through his foundation to help find a vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
IF Wuhan virus spreads in the Phl, causing thousands of deaths, we've to remove Gongdi ASAP. AFP should lead. No buts & ifs. The AFP should lead to fulfill its constitutional mandate as "protector of the people." This is instinctive. For reason of self preservation.
LATEST: Coronavirus has sickened nearly 6,000 people, and 132 have died, authorities say. Americans evacuated from Wuhan are set to land in California today after undergoing screening in Anchorage. 
People in Wuhan, China, are shouting messages of hope from their apartments as all residents are being encouraged to stay home during the coronavirus outbreak 
BIG CHINA UPDATE: Airlines Cancel More Flights, Borders Closing - Mayor of Wuhan Says Government Was Warned in December But They Kept it Secret @JoeHoft  … via @gatewaypundit
"We separate people from virus, not from others", world's love and supports to Wuhan continues #StandWithWuhan - Singapore people and firms donated 75,000 masks, another 400 boxes to reach Wuhan - Japanese city of Oita, sister city of Wuhan for 40 years sent 30,000 masks 
Harvard Chemical Biology Head Charged With Conspiracy to Aid College in Wuhan, China  … via @thenatpulse
For my column @supchinanews, I write about medicine & bioethics in China: hospitals & patient violence, He Jiankui & gene-editing, the #coronaravirus outbreak & lockdown of Wuhan. It's about individual rights vs state power, & politics in times of crisis:  …
Wuhan coronavirus: More airlines halt China flights as death toll hits 132 with 6,000 infected  …
wow that blew up fast. let’s fight wuhan one mask at a time. follow me  
Some patients with Wuhan coronavirus only show mild symptoms. “We have seen patients, especially children, who have pneumonia, but have no symptoms, no fever or cough,” says Yuen Kwok-yung, a microbiologist at the University of Hong Kong  
A flight carrying ~200 American evacuees from #Wuhan is headed to a military base in Southern California. @CDCgov says all passengers were screened during the flight, upon their arrival in the US, and will continue to be monitored for  …
(Jan 23&24, 2020) In order to support the treatment of the outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, Chinese fansites collectively donated to the relief fund under the name Seungri. 
The coronavirus has spread to at least 16 countries, mostly linked to travel to Wuhan: Thailand: 14 Singapore: 10 Taiwan: 8 Australia: 7 Japan: 7 U.S.: 5 France: 4 Germany: 4 South Korea: 4 UAE: 4 Malaysia: 3 Canada: 2 Vietnam: 2 Cambodia: 1 Nepal: 1 Sri Lanka: 1 
Conti: …wash & don't have gatherings. There's no mountain we can't climb, no obstacle we can't  Wuhan jiayou/fighting, Chian jiayou/fighting From 200129 China Movie Report weibo  … @layzhang #Lay #Yixing #Layzhang
Shanghai, which it says right there on the sign, in English, is very obviously not Wuhan. 64k likes. The state of this website. 
Staff in one of the few hotels still open in Wuhan have been engaging in daily group exercise to keep the coronavirus at bay 
THREAD: The person Shanghai is trusting to keep the city safe from the Wuhan #coronavirus raised a few eyebrows while speaking to media today. So who is he, and what did he say?  …
Footage shows relatives saying goodbye to brave doctors and nurses who have volunteered to go to Wuhan to treat coronovirus patients. This is a coronovirus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their loved ones. "God bless them". 
Good News! Wuhan Institute of Virology under the Chinese Academy of Science has listed some medicines that can effectively curb the novel coronavirus at cellular level & provided the result to Hubei provincial headquarter, which is at the forefront of the battle against the virus 
British Airways cancels flights to China as Wuhan coronavirus spreads - Business Insider  …
#Wuhan and most places in #China's Hubei Province are facing a severe medical supplies shortage, Hubei Governor Wang Xiaodong said Wednesday during a press conference on #coronoavirus. A total of 3,553 confirmed cases and 125 deaths have been reported in Hubei 
Masks have  a symbol of the outbreak. But here's the best way to avoid the spread of the Wuhan virus. My family's experience when I covered SARs. For  …
The Yulin kidnapped Family Dogs & Cats Slaughter Is Still Scheduled To Take Place In June! Unbelievable! Wuhan coronavirus: China cases overtake SARS, as virus spreads worldwide - CNN  …
As China fights the worsening #coronavirus outbreak, residents under quarantine in #Wuhan have shared videos online of their battle against cabin fever, showing how they are lifting each other’s – and the nation's – spirits 
Photos doing the rounds online today showing people who returned to their hometowns from Wuhan being imprisoned in their own homes, sign in pic 2 says "this home contains person(s) who returned to the village from Wuhan, please do  into contact with them."  …
Telling my kids that this is the cough that started the wuhan virus  …
Reuters: HUBEI GOVERNOR SAYS VIRUS OUTBREAK IN HUANGGANG IS ESPECIALLY SEVERE, WE SHOULD NOT LET HUANGGUANG BECOME THE SECOND WUHAN
Hang on, #Wuhan 
What we know #LKA #CoronaVirus. 23 admitted to IDH (11 Negative) 11 suspected (Pending results) 1 positive case (Recovering ) Mask max retail price Rs.15 Hotline setup 011 307 1073 Officials ask not to panic 11 hospitals standby Stay Safe #SriLanka #Wuhan 
I've set up a gofund me Paul, will you contribute to my trip? "Last Night In Wuhan"
Tibet, previously the last uninfected region of mainland China, announced its first suspected case of Wuhan coronavirus today. This suggests the virus is no longer just in dense urban areas, but has also spread to remote, rural corners of the country 
In Guanghan city, Sichuan province China, someone has been to #Wuhan to work but hid the fact. He went everywhere to enjoy himself. Today he suddenly had a fever, neighbors pouring out their anger like this.  …
Footage of the roadblocks in Hubei province as more towns and cities are fully quarantined meaning no one can leave or enter #China #Wuhan 
1/ #WuhanDairy D2—— 28.01.2020 Dairy of Wuhan under quarantine. Honored to illustrate and translate for it. “I was dumbfounded when I saw it happening. Wasn't this really just like assembling a lot of people together to shoot their spit outdoors?” #coronavirus 
Coronavirus infected are trying to spread disease 'by deliberately SPITTING at health care workers in Wuhan' 
A plane carrying 240 Americans evacuated from #Wuhan, #China because of the #Coronavirus is on its way to California. They’ll be quarantined for 3 days to make sure they’re ok. Latest numbers: - 132 deaths - 6000 confirmed cases - 70 cases outside of China - 5 cases in the 
Americans evacuated from Wuhan pass coronavirus health screening test upon return to U.S. 
#EverydayHero After recovering from the novel #coronavirus, Guo Qin, a 38-year-old nurse in Wuhan, returned to her job to continue the fight against the virus. “It's not about  a hero, I cannot just run away at such time,” she said.  
Tracking China’s new coronavirus: At least 132 people have died from a new coronavirus labeled as 2019-nCoV in China following an outbreak in the city of Wuhan  
LIVE: Huoshenshan Hospital is under construction in Wuhan, China. The makeshift hospital is expected to be put into use in 5 days  …
/3 Clearly that's just stupid. Or profoundly ignorant. Or intentionally misleading. You decide. Also, what's with using area-squares to display a time series? Here's what happens when nCoV  to SARS with the time series matched up from 1st case. (from r/Wuhan_Flu) 
British Airways has suspended all direct flights between the United Kingdom and China in light of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. 
You find weighing the possible exposure of Filipinos to the virus vs possibly offending Beijing to be tricky? Beijing locked down Wuhan & suspected contaminated areas, do you think it was worried about offending the people & their local officials?  …
Wuhan coronavirus continues its global spread with more than 6,000 cases  …
Countries who plan to evacuate their citizens from #Wuhan or have already executed these actions are the following: - Germany - United States - Japan - Britain - Australia
Coronavirus: My wife must stay in Wuhan, says British man 
China’s tragic handling of the Wuhan coronavirus, is another clear reason why HK must have democracy and determine their own future! ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Fight4HongKong⁩ ⁦ @SolomonYue⁩ #HongKong  …
Wuhan will smile, Wuhan will win. I stand with Wuhan. Love you Wuhan Pakistan stands with Great China in Hard time. #coronoavirus #China @zlj517 @CathayPak 
Job posting (Nov 2019) at Wuhan Level 4 Virology Lab was seeking 2 post-doc researchers to study how bats carry dormant  CDC help refused by China today. #biowarfare ⁦⁦ @AmbCuiTiankai⁩ ⁦ #coronaviruschina  …
A flight carrying 201 American passengers out of Wuhan has continued on to California following health screenings and refuelling in Alaska 
A doctor on the frontline of the fight against novel #coronavirus in Wuhan tells China Daily reporter how his hospital and his family are coping with the challenge in a video call. 
China appears to be making good on its vow to build two new hospitals in Wuhan to battle the #coronavirus 
The story of the nurses at #Wuhan No.4 Hospital In order to reduce the chance of infection, Xie Jingjing, a nurse at Wuhan No. 4 Hospital, bob the hair of the colleagues and herself. 
‘Made in China’: how Wuhan coronavirus spread anti-Chinese racism like a disease through Asia  …
The first flight to evacuate Americans from Wuhan, China, returned to the U.S. With more cases being detected, health officials and now airlines are working desperately to contain the rapidly spreading virus. @janisfrayer has the 
British citizens returning from #Wuhan will spend two weeks in quarantine to help prevent the spread of the  …
Australian Daniel Ouyang is trapped in Wuhan. He told @yveyong he has "mixed feelings" about being quarantined on Christmas Island and worries for his freedom. #TheWorld #virus #Wuhan 
Australia wants to save its citizens in the Chinese city of Wuhan from the coronavirus outbreak—by sticking them 1,000 miles out to sea 
This is where Wuhan coronavirus cases have been confirmed worldwide  
Wuhan resident reports that some patients are deliberately sneezing/spitting at medical staff or contaminating objects when carrying the virus.  …
Singapore confirms 3 more Wuhan virus cases, bringing total to 10; all are from Wuhan 
Young female nurses from a military university are assisting with the #coronavirus fight in Wuhan. 
Already more people infected with the #Wuhan #Coronavirus in #China that throughout the entire SARS epidemic which went on for around 7 months. More human movement now than 2002/3 but this virus also seems much more infectious. More infectious but (for the moment) not as deadly.
