Some interesting tidbits from Wuhan Virus “invisible scourge” briefings... . Using the military to fight narcos . WHO de-funding . China investigation . “Looking into” NIH funding . Voice of America disgusting . Many governors corrupt . Empty cubbard . “Third rate” anything  
Before this poll, did you know Trump created a new National Influenza Vaccine Task Force, under Military control... 59 days before the first case in Wuhan...
Joe Biden . . . Why did Obama think our U.S. Taxpayer $$should fund Communist China's Wuhan Top Level Virology Lab . . That Experiments in High Level Biohazards? Why didn't Obama think of U.S. National Security?
Good old fashioned China bashing. Payne asserts virus originated from Wuhan and likely from wet markets. Cases first started to rise in Wuhan but no one is sure where it actually originated, there’s speculation it may actually originated in US. Why make wrong assertions? #insider
According to the report, the Obama Admin funded the Wuhan lab back in 2015  …
eg a journalist asking the foreign minister “Do you think the virus originated in wet markets in Wuhan?” Like. What is the point? Don’t answer that. I know the point #Insiders
Republicans don't fight for us Why did Republicans allow Obama/ Biden do all this crap and get away with it They had to know about the Wuhan Lab Funding and the Iran Money in the middle of the Night 3:00 AM Delivery They had to know about the China deals What was their Cut?
Exposed for all to see now, cont... Gates, Fauci, Birx, Vaccines, big pharma, Hussien 3.7 mil$to Wuhan. Who owns Lab? Soros. Down they go. Republic Restored. Lexington Concord. #GreatAwakeningWorldwide People are sick. 
Stunned. "A 25 March paper in JAMA Cardiology documented heart damage in nearly 20% of patients out of 416 hospitalized for COVID-19 in Wuhan, China. In another Wuhan study, 44% of 138 hospitalized patients had arrhythmias." 
CHINA KNEW THEY HAD A PROBLEM IN WUHAN. The lab accident released a KILLER HIGHLY INFECTIOUS COVID VIRUS. They had to SHUTDOWN WUHAN to the rest of China. But then they thought. HOW WOULD THE WORLD REACT? So they DECIDED IT IS BETTER TO HAVE INFECTED WORLD THAN ISOLATED CHINA 
China deliberately infected the world with Wuhan virus it created, kills 100s of thousands, sells defective medical supplies to those who haven’t been killed. EU needs to wake the hell up, CCP is more dangerous than the Nazis had ever been.  …
Sen. Cruz: U.S. Government Funded Wuhan ‘Coronavirus’ Research | The Daily Wire  …
Fang Fang's diary from Wuhan won her great praise. Translating the book has not 
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Have you noticed no reporter asks Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx if they believe Hydroxychloroquine is effective anymore. It's because they know it is.
Will CNN do any Reporting on the $3.7 BILLION to the Wuhan Lab Or on Kerry Violating the Logan act Or why Obama gave $1.8 BILLION in Cash to Iran Or on the FISA Scam by our great FBI Or where Hillary's 33,000 Emails really are locate Or what was really on Weeny's Laptop Or Huma A
Saving Face 1. Chinese [DS] releases COVID 2. Wuhan containment zones 3. But flights aren’t stopped 4. Chinese under reporting 5. MSM sees opportunity 6. America over reports 7. Trump sues Chinese 8. Seizes CCP assets 9. CCP lets happen 10. Saving face 11. $2 trillion #QANON
How Trudeau's press conferences made room for @RebelNewsOnline to break a viral Wuhan flu story @SheilaGunnReid sits down with @ezralevant WATCH:  #cdnpoli 
SHOCKER: China Now Admits Coronavirus Death Toll In Wuhan Was 50% Higher Than Reported  …
Reporter: "Is there a dangerous epidemic spreading in the Wuhan region?" Chinese Official: "There is no epidemic in Wuhan and it wasn't released from a government lab!" I get they're trying to save face, but do they have to do it so BADLY?  …
Mike Pompeo Demands Investigation of Wuhan Virus Lab It looks increasingly plausible that coronavirus escaped from a laboratory.  …
. @VernBuchanan & I are calling on @POTUS to urge President Xi to drastically expand regulation & enforcement of often contaminated & cruel live animal #WetMarkets in China. #COVID19’s emergence was linked to one such market in Wuhan. This is unacceptable & cannot continue! 
I admit to not having kept up on how many strains are currently in circulation. I know that in US original strain in Washington state was "L" Wuhan type and the strain in New York City was the "S" European strain, which was more virulent. Every person causes it mutate  …
The US  is nearly unanimous on the origins of the Wuhan virus: a lab in Wuhan. Yet the mainstream media is yet to report on it. 
Pompeo: China Has ‘Not Permitted The World’s Scientists To Go Into’ Wuhan Lab  …
Notice how barry husein soetoro had a habit of giving cash to countries not friendly to the USA? Obama's NIH Sent $3.7M to Wuhan Lab Where Coronavirus May Have Originated. Trump's Stopping It  … #NewsandPolitics
For the moment, forget the Wuhan lab and conspiracy bio weapons stuff and know this. China gave #Wuhan residents time to leave the area before the Jan 23 lockdown and an estimated 5 million people fled. This how #COVID19 became a pandemic, negligence bordering on 
On @InsidersABC @MarisePayne calls for an independent, international inquiry into the origins of #COVID19 in Wuhan. Is this the agreed demand on China out of recent phone hook-up between many #G20 countries?
Really? A mere 2 days after the WHO said it couldn't even be transmitted between humans, and almost a fortnight before they were still saying there was no reason to screen flights from Wuhan? Why didn't you advise the WHO of their errors if you knew better?
BREAKING: Wuhan's Coronavirus Death Toll Skyrockets After "Investigation"  …
Why doesn’t Press ask Trump about the warnings he received about lax practices at Wuhan Virology lab in 2018?
It is worth highlighting that Maze continues to leverage the PDB string as messages with the Cognizant signed loader DLL variant mockingly as follows: Digital Cert->[GO ONLINE d.o.o.] #Sectigo The related sample PDB string message is as follows: "C:\Wuhan\lab\coronashit.pdb"  …
25 Jan. Cobra met today to discuss the situation in Wuhan, China.. A Lancet report that day presented a study of 41 coronavirus patients admitted to hospital in Wuhan, which found that more than 1/2 had severe breathing problems...six had died.’  …
China shut down domestic flights out of Wuhan but allowed International flights to continue! Is there much more that needs said?
‘No evidence’ connecting Covid-19 to Wuhan lab – French official — RT World News  …
Peston is having a worse war than the Pangolin and Bat Stew stall at the Wuhan wet market.
As U.S. Investigates Wuhan Lab Leak Theory, Senior China Researcher Says Allegations Are 'Malicious, Impossible' 
Wuhan. That’s in China. Not racist. Geographic.   …
So China forbad Wuhan citizens from traveling anywhere in China, but allowed them to travel everywhere else in the world Legally speaking, does this establish INTENT to harm? This goes so far beyond mere negligence it makes my head spin. #CommunismHATESNationalism
British political and international relations analyst Tom Fowdy shares his views on China's revised numbers of #coronavirus deaths in Wuhan.  …
Story of Western #coronavirus response has been one of doing today what should have been the day before yesterday. Took 2 months to pacify Wuhan at r0=0.32. There are now dozens of Wuhans and virtually nowhere is r0 below 0.5. The war is lost. 10s millions of deaths to follow.
Why was 1 penny from taxpayers being sent to a lab in Wuhan, CHINA? We have billions upon billions of a trade deficit each year with China and the Obama Admin was sending millions to a lab in Wuhan, CHINA. Something is off. The stench of Obama treachery is all over this.
January 24th - Matt Hancock says the threat to the British public "remains low". Meanwhile the Chinese government had pledged to build a 1,000 bed hospital in 6 days in Wuhan. How can this  oaf continue to serve as Health Secretary!  …
I'm a housewife, I'd spotted what was occuring in Wuhan in late January .... How is this even news?? The real news is "How on earth did our UK Government miss taking this as deadly seriously? Unless the Herd Immunity & Cummings' #WeWillLoosePeople mentality was really a policy.
6 cities in #China, including Wuhan, Guangzhou and Suifenhe, are considered potential hotspots for the next #CCPVirus outbreak. Photos on social media show airport passengers are told to take a different route than others if  from the 6 
Fauci was a leader of this initiative at the SAME TIME he authorized dangerous "gain of function" research on CoronaVirus (illegal in US), moved this research to Wuhan, and approved at $3.7mil budget for it. Evidence here  …
(THREAD) Pay attention to the geo-politics of this pandemic. COVID19 has chosen its targets selectively - 8 out of 10 countries with the highest deaths are in NATO. The tragedy in New York, assisted by Trump's failure to act, mirror's XI's initial cover-up of Wuhan.  …
Two yrs before the coronavirus pandemic US Embassy officials visited Chinese lab in Wuhan and sent two official warnings back to Washington about inadequate safety at the lab, which was conducting risky studies on coronaviruses from bats. Trump ignored.  …
BOOM! #Potus just called out the NIH for "giving away $32 BILLION away each year" + that they've "been looking at that for a while and will be having some things 2 say on that..." Also calling out Obama 4 giving Wuhan Labs $3.7M in '14. Why? It's all so very interesting. #COVID
Yesterday was 32, today NCDC reports 23 in Lagos, For me, i have prepared my mind for auto lockdown renewal. Since Lagos is behaving like wuhan. How can Lagos alone bag 306 out of over 500 cases, sebi it’s champions league.
Lawmaker organizes protest of governors Wuhan China Virus stay-at-home order. REP CHRIS JOHANSON SMACKS LEFT CRAZED GOV JANET MILLS ! WARNING LEFT WE ARE DONE WITH YOUR SHIT ! WE WILL SHOW UP ARMED AND IN NUMBERS ! A WAR YOU WONT WIN !!! Paint my country red 
Nobel winning scientist who co-discovered HIV claims novel Coronavirus was made in Wuhan's lab  … @ElContador2000 @KTHopkins @mitchellvii @redmagakag @OnAngelWings @Kalimeralynn @y_PenDraig @mssassysally @LittleDi70 @GaynorBoughey1 @Janewhitt5 @SueWhitaker11
WATCH: Latest ‘Verdict With Ted Cruz’ Takes On ‘The Wuhan Coverup’  
Why would Obama give The WUHAN LAB $3.7 MILLION Taxpayer Dollars in 2015?
China’s dictatorship admits 50% more died in Wuhan but denies any cover-up—Authorities admit “mistakes”, not to have lied about the true extent of China’s coronavirus outbreak, amid mounting international calls for an investigation into their culpability  …
In Wuhan, life after lockdown isn’t business as usual 
Dr. Bo: It's a total humanitarian disaster in Wuhan. In many cases, there are not even families to claim ashes of the dead. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
President Trump has announced that he will end Obama era funding to the Wuhan lab accused of spreading the China virus. Why were we funding it in the first place?
Canadian government scientist & staff were under investigation in July 2019 at Level 4 Wuhan lab in China. RT non-coincidental Please follow @Leighforusa1  …
The director of the Wuhan virology lab at the center of conspiracy theories denies rumors and says that manufacturing a coronavirus is not humanly possible. See his interview with CGTN. #coronavirus 
"The Obama admin gave a grant of $3.7 M" Trump said during WH WuFlu briefing re: the Wuhan, virology lab. Intelligence reports the lab had been written up by U.S. officials for problematic safety procedures. Trump: "We'll end that grant very quickly."  …
In 2015, obama/biden gave the Wuhan Lab a grant of $3.7 Million. Why? For what? So now we have the Wuhan virus! Was that planned by obama? 
The #CCP revised the death count of #CCPVirus in #Wuhan from about 2,600 to about 3,900, an increase of 50%. But many say it's still far from the real number. A report revealed that one funeral home received 5,000 urns in 2 days, which is 1,000 more than the revised death count. 
NY Post wrecks Facebook over their Wuhan lab “fact checking”  …
Coronavirus may have started spreading as early as September and it may not have originated in Wuhan, say Cambridge researchers 
Obama gave 3 million dollars to the lab in Wuhan that developed the virus. Says everything you need to know right there.
2) “SARS outbreak in Wuhan” and “Wuhan Health Committee” were some of the many blacklisted terms. Heartbreaking to think of the lives that could have been saved had China respected basic human rights.
Gut Feelings: I worked with doctors in Wuhan to analyze #COVID19 digestive symptoms from the original outbreak. We found a group w/ only gut symptoms. They were more likely to test positive in stool & to have a longer delay in viral clearance. Full paper:  
The species of supposed Bat that carries the virus is not in Wuhan! Trump “we’re going to find out” how COVID-19 originated. RT if you agree! Please follow @Leighforusa1  …
Kenyan Hussein send pallets of DOLLARS to IRAN & now we find out Hussein gave 3.7 Million Dollars to WUHAN in 2015!! #TheMoreYouKnow 
Glad to see this report uses " #CCPVirus" too, as well as a video I shared. Like in Wuhan, people are collapsing on streets in Harbin; China enforces emergency lockdown  …
Let see how smart you are,this are words we see everyday we see in the news now.. First 2 are done 1. Orovacrusin - Corona Virus 2. Hunaw - Wuhan 3. Mayhoest 4. Fasstaye 5. Danpmice 6. Knowdcol 7. Fecruw 8. Siovepit 9. Ongasidis 10. Kerbauto Solve the rest...
Massive arrest in #HKPoliceState is definitely political suppression. CCP is getting impatient, trying to add more suppression on us when everyone were busy  Wuhan Virus. Pls REVOKE HK special status and sanction CCP! HKers are ready! 
While the Trump admin. is using Bush-era "WMD"-style lies, absurdly claiming the coronavirus is a Chinese bioweapon that leaked out of a lab in Wuhan, even NATO allies like France are pointing out that there is no actual evidence for this conspiracy  …
Yes CCP is getting impatient, trying to add more suppression on us when everyone were busy  Wuhan Virus. But they never understand how united our people are to fight against them. We just want justice and freedom. Please exercise HKHRDA and revoke HK special status! 
For all the libs...we all have the Wuhan Virus in SC. Please stay away from SC. You will die of the Wuhan Virus. Don’t visit and please god don’t move here. And if you currently live here go back up north. Hurry!!!!
Wuhan researcher warned of coronavirus outbreaks linked to bats last January 
"China did not allow Wuhan, Nanjing or other cities to reopen until intensive surveillance found zero new cases for 14 straight days..Compared with China or Italy,..US is still a playground." The Coronavirus in America: The Year Ahead  …
The Wuhan lab at the center of the coronavirus controversy 
Mike Pompeo Demands Investigation of Wuhan Virus Lab 
The wet market story was the planned diversion. We must look towards the Wuhan lab.  …
If #China does not voluntarily allow US, UK, & French investigators into #Wuhan, the Trio should move to restrict the movement of Chinese diplomats & assets worldwide. This coercive action is necessary to force transparency; all nations need true info to protect their citizens.  …
Facebook ‘fact checker’ worked at Wuhan lab 
Obama administration gave Wuhan virology lab a 3.5 million dollar grant in 2015. Thanks Obama...
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus fatalities by 50%, confirming that Beijing suppressed data to push narrative of defeat against virus. Why is China on a U.N. panel that will play a central role in choosing the U.N. monitor on the right to health?  …
"It is especially vital that we have reliable data from China given the possibility of a second wave of infection following Wuhan’s release from lockdown last week" This article is free to read till 10pm  …
#FoxNews says US intelligence investigated if the #coronavirus was released from a #Wuhan virology lab, and concluded with "high confidence" that it was because of lax safety protocols, but U.S. intelligence says they have  to such a conclusion.  …
China has raised its official coronavirus death toll in the city of Wuhan by 50%. My thoughts on Sky News this morning... 
Of course the WHO is allowing Wuhan's wet markets to reopen. They're seafood markets. They don't even sell bats there. They're not where the virus broke out.
Live Panel: Exploring the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
Bobi Wine's involvement in a racial matter affecting an entire race of people shouldn't make racism to be brought down to the level of students'(most of whose parents are govt civil servants btw) inability to afford meat in Wuhan! I mean c'mon people WTF?
Multiple “credible” news outlets are now reporting on the possibility that the virus originated and/or escaped from a Wuhan biolab. So @CBCTheNational, who is spreading misinformation with this piece? And is “Uncle Bob” not allowed to freely share his thoughts with his  …
Here's Zero Hedge, today, calling Wuhan the epicenter. So either they don't understand what epicenter means, or they're trying to manipulate perceptions. Today, based on the mainstream data (which is all we have) the US is the obvious epicenter, by far.  …
From his own mouth, Gates wants to microchip the world with proof they were vaccinated with his Wuhan Vaccine! What else will be in that microchip? A tome for our bodies to shut down? 
. @realDonaldTrump responds to @EmeraldRobinson's query about a $3.7 million grant the U.S. gave to a Wuhan lab tied to COVID-19's origins. "We will end that grant very quickly... It was made a number of years ago [2015]. Who was president then, I wonder?"  
It's time to kill every last one of these bastards. No more Americans losing their jobs to robots or wuhan virus.  …
Well, we're working in the NHS And the PPE's a bloody mess Up in Downing Street they're wasting time Dicking about While we wait in line We all knew about the virus before Out in Wuhan it had killed by the score Had our warnings from the WHO That was our chance We were too slow
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab 
Dr. Fauci’s organization funded the research program in Wuhan that were experimenting on the Corona-infected bats to begin with. Now he’s being elevated as some champion in the fight against the “invisible enemy” he helped create. Stop it. Fauci is for himself, and no one else.  …
The fact checker, Danielle Anderson, is not independent, she states: “I will disclose I am a scientist trained to work in high containment and have collaborative projects with the Wuhan Institute of Virology. I have worked in this lab for the past 2yrs"  …
No, The #Wuhan Virus Won’t Cause A U.S. #population Decline @stavernise @nytimes, of course, fail to tally the #of abortions that most assuredly do affect population growth of the #USA "A drop in births" Excellent article  …
It’s good if China's Taiwan did well in the prevention & control of #COVID19, but no need to exaggerate. Other 18 provincial-level regions in China, which are even closer to Wuhan & some of which are larger & more crowded than Taiwan, report less confirmed cases than the latter. 
Hong Kong is denser than NYC, relies on crowded mass transit, is not fully shut down, and had much more travel from Wuhan early on—and has had four known COVID deaths TOTAL in all these months. Four total. Don't let anyone say NYC tragedy was inevitable.  …
The boom starts at 3:48 Link should take you there. This connects all the dots. Started at a US university Fauci  Ended up in Wuhan...
In 2015, Obama sent nearly $4 million dollars to the virology lab in Wuhan where this pandemic allegedly started The same year, Obama sent $1.5 billion in cash to Iran Obama had a track record of sending money to all the wrong places Worst. President. Ever.
Ep 126- Pandemic: Descent into Hell, Xi and The Death Sentence of Wuhan Pt. 1  …
President Donald Trump said U.S. intelligence officials are investigating whether the coronavirus began spreading after an accident at a high-security biomedical laboratory in Wuhan. He offered no evidence.  …
Science--the January 24 article in the Lancet--and anecdotal evidence suggest the #coronavirus escaped from the #Wuhan lab. And if there is no "hard evidence" yet, it is only because #China has been suppressing research papers and barring foreign scientists from  …
Lawmakers introduce bill that would let Americans sue China over 'Wuhan Virus'  … via @nypost
LIVE PANEL 3:30pm ET:  Deep-dive discussion on @EpochTimes's viral documentary—"Tracking Down the Origin of #Wuhan #Coronavirus"—w/ investigative reporter @JoshJPhilipp & other experts! Have burning Q's? @JanJekielek will take Q's from the live 
Are you surprised?? Obama's NIH Sent $3.7M to Wuhan Lab Where Coronavirus May Have Originated. Don’t forget that Obama also sent Iran, (the biggest terrorist sponsor in the world) Billions of dollars. Obama was not on our side !! #KAG  …
BOOM Fauci Unmasked Why is Trump keeping Fauci in everybody's ? Bipartisan  US banned Chimeric research (mixing virus') Fauci approved 3.7M budget and moved illegal project from US to Wuhan Fauci helped create WuFlu  …
US intel HAS begun a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab 
China: We're lifting Wuhan lockdown WHO: no sound, crickets Trump: We're reopening USA WHO: Lifting restrictions is a bad idea Landlords evicting Kenyans in China IOM: no sound, crickets Kenyans say #ChineseInKenyaMustGo IOM: There's a high risk of xenophobia in East Africa
Perhaps we can Jerusalem China Malls in Johannesburg so they can feel it in Wuhan #day23oflockdown 
US intelligence has ALREADY started a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab and its 'role in the virus' 
1/2 Dr Fauci ignored a moratorium on his research in NC. He was eventually forced to move his research to the Wuhan research center. The U.S. gave the center (Fauci) $3.7 million to help fund it. guess what he was researching??? yep, the coronavirus. the same one that decimated
Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent In JANUARY, After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province, Knowing It Was Effective Against Wuhan Virue  
Obama gave 3.7 million to Wuhan lab
#China's Communist Party has not permitted the world’s scientists to go into the #Wuhan laboratory "to evaluate what took place there, what’s happening there, what’s happening there even as we speak," @SecPompeo told @hughhewitt yesterday:  … #WuhanVirus
I don't want "relations" with the Chinese Communist Party after they intentionally spread their virus to our country. They didn't allow travel from Wuhan to other cities in China, but sent hundreds of thousands from Wuhan to the U.S.  an act of war against us.  …
When we are done with this round of Wuhan Virus, I think it is very very important to recognize that when Bharata Desa needed help to feed it's poor & needy, the middle class stood up to be counted. Any poor without food is mainly due to lack of info than lack of intent.
What about China banning travel out of Wuhan to the rest of their country, but allowing travel from Wuhan to the U.S.? What does that say to you? It says "act of war" to most people.
New narratives emerging: Trump losing popularity, Trump failed to act quickly or Trump acting too quickly, China not to blame, Wuhan Virus "natural", Trump inciting rebellion. Do they not realize we are awake & see what's going on?
“It is too soon to know whether people will end up crediting China for suppressing the [coronavirus] or blaming it for suppressing the doctors in Wuhan who first raised the alarm”—deadly censorship that allowed the virus to go global. 
Wuhan Virus: Here is a LIST of WHO Director’s Long History of Cover-Ups  
Pompeo: China Has ‘Not Permitted The World’s Scientists To Go Into’ Wuhan Lab  …
. @TedCruz is calling for a new approach to relations with China, as they've  "greatest geopolitical threat." " @NIH confirmed to me 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in Wuhan." 
Escaped from a lab? A stunning Fox News exclusive report on how the Coronavirus sprang from a Wuhan lab as China strove  with the U.S. @BretBaier joins Watters' World with his reporting, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
We all really know what happened in Wuhan. #Caturday #WuFlu #Wuhan #coronavirus 
While President God was threatening to cripple China’s economy: - He was pulling US scientists from Wuhan. - Ivanka was receiving Chinese patents for voting machines. - Kushner was trying to get China to give him large business loans. ...But Hunter Biden #WhatWeHaveToLose
Gordon Chang, China expert: Doctors in China knew in mid-December that the Wuhan Virus could be transferred human to human, but lied about it until January 21. The rest of the world lost 6 WEEKS to prepare. Jinping "wanted to level the playing field..what he did was malicious." 
LIVE PANEL at 3:30pm:  Join @JoshJPhilipp, Epoch Times senior investigative reporter & @JanJekielek, Epoch Times senior editor ...and other experts as they discuss the film "Tracking Down the Origin of #Wuhan #coronavirus," "fact checking" & 
Who exactly does @RepAdamSchiff think we should blame? Tahiti? Italy? Switzerland? It started in Wuhan in Communist China. You have no problem saying the German measles. And we have no problem calling it the Chinese Wuhan virus. Let loose on the world. 
The #ChineseCommunistParty hasn’t let scientists from around the world into the Wuhan Institute of Virology, which is being probed by American officials as a possible source of the #CCPvirus ( #coronavirus), according to U.S. Secretary of State 
China faces backlash as UK joins US to investigate mysterious Wuhan lab's role in COVID-19. 
@JackPosobiec don’t drink the leftist cool aide, my friend. How many would have died from the flu? Heart disease? Stroke? Cancer? Diabetes? How many Americans die each day? Answer: 8,000. Your odds of dying from Wuhan? .00001. End of lockdown.  …
Wuhan, once the hardest-hit city by COVID-19, has been classified as a low-risk area of the outbreak as the city has seen no newly confirmed cases for the last 14 days  
@GaninNewsom @XavierBecerra OPEN THIS STATE. Stop inflating deaths by forcing hlthcare to list Wuhan Virus as the Primary,even if tests haven't been done. Ridiculas. We will not stand 4 Mail in votes in light of the admittance of mass fraud. PS, When its warm here, ill be surfing 
Interesting how right as the U.S. Intelligence Community announces they’re doing a full investigation re: COVID-19 leaking from Wuhan BSL-4 Biolab, U.S. media outlets make a full court press to discredit it. Looks like the USIC is under new mgmt and Media Mockingbirds are pissed
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-- Adam Schiff Begs Trump to Stop Blaming China and the WHO for the Wuhan Coronavirus Pandemic  …
Facebook Coronavirus ‘Fact Checker’ Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab 
WTF? LINDSEY GRAHAM SAYS HE WANTS BILL GATES IN CHARGE OF THE W.H.O Why would Senator Graham say this? Bill Gates has no scientific degrees and has had a hand in funding the Wuhan lab Corona Virus originated from. He would be an absolute disaster!  …
Australian virologist who helped map the #SARSCov2 genome says there is "no evidence" the virus originated in a lab in Wuhan; it is not possible the bat virus studied in the Wuhan lab was the progenitor virus. Jump from wildlife is the "most likely" reason  …
US HAS BEGUN AN INVESTIGATION INTO WHETHER COVID-19 ESCAPED FROM WUHAN BIOLAB - FOX
WATCH: [VIDEO] Trump says US will investigate the Wuhan lab and find out if Corona Virus is a “biological weapon” I hope we're ready to find out the answer.... What do you guys think?  …
1-The true scale of China's medical stockpile is revealed: More than TWO BILLION masks were imported into Wuhan in just one month as the coronavirus crisis escalated...  …
Who can tell us where and how Chen Qiushi is right now? When will anyone get to speak with him again? Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 71 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio  …
Then your bangsa can go to Wuhan and eat bat soup there.  …
#France rejects US anti-China claim of COVID-19 link to Wuhan lab  …
The #coronavirus almost certainly escaped from the #Wuhan lab. See:  . Why was #China experimenting with dangerous pathogens? @tperkins
The “lab” broke it’s silence? Really? Are we truly back to believing whatever the  say? The whole situation needs to be investigated. Whether it was a “wet market” or “lab” the virus originated in Wuhan and the PRC covered it up.
LIVE NOW: Chinese citizen "Ailee" calls in to #WarRoomPandemic Hospital system in Wuhan totally paralyzed from the #CCPVirus. We should not trust CCP death figures. #DescentIntoHell Listen & watch  @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit @jfradioshow @AVoiceNews
Discussion of 3.7 M grant to Wuhan  …
A laboratory in the Chinese city of Wuhan has broken its silence to deny accusations that the coronavirus originated there. 
Dr. Bo: It's a total humanitarian disaster in Wuhan. In many cases, there are not even families to claim ashes of the dead. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus Listen & watch  @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit @jfradioshow @AVoiceNews
11 refugees & 12 staff test positive for the Wuhan virus at Toronto shelter. I observed numerous breaches of safety etiquette but when I attempted to interview people, the cops were called! Alas, no tickets issued to those actually breaching the rules. 
Happy Saturday to all except the W.hore H.ell O.rganization of snobs performing tonight on NBC for their luciferian master, Bill Gates. They’d all suck the tiny balls off Wuhan bats for extra money, fame and relevancy
If you hyperventilating sissies keep insisting that “Wuhan virus” is racist, how about we just call it the New York plague?
NEVER FORGET: US NIH Awarded Wuhan Lab that Studied Bat Coronavirus a $3.7 Million US Grant -- AFTER WARNINGS ABOUT THEIR RISKY TESTS  … via @gatewaypundit
China increases Wuhan's death toll by around 50% and says that there has never been a cover up.  …
The Obama-Biden Administration gave $3.7 million to the Chinese lab in Wuhan for the investigation into the origin of the coronavirus. President Trump said he is looking into it and will end that grant very quickly! Rt if you agree. Please follow 
Yesterday, the State of Utah added two Wuhan virus deaths for a total of 23 deaths. Both deaths we’re Utah residents who died in Arizona hospitals in March. always read beyond the headlines And keep tracking.
More  out about Wuhan Virology Lab- more that points to Dimms & Dr Fauci. In 2015, Obamas NIH gave $3.7M to Wuhan V Lab. Who’s responsible for that lab relationship at NIH? Nat’l Inst Allergy & Infectious Diseases(NIAID) Who heads NIAID? Dr Fauci! Investigate!
“Bats, cute or otherwise, are not the problem @MaryVought. #China's COMMUNISM is the problem.” ~ @GordonGChang #coronavirus #Wuhan  …
LIVE NOW: Naturalized American citizen "Jun" on the reality inside of China & Wuhan Night before #Wuhan lockdown on Jan 23, 300,000 fled the city, revealing that #CCP failed to prevent spread of the virus. This caused the pandemic. 
Two doctors, Yi Fan and Hu Weifeng, have been taken off ECMO and are now recuperating after contracting #COVID19 while working at #Wuhan Central Hospital. With their faces bruised and Hu still unable to talk, they said goodbye to doctors deployed from Beijing during the outbreak. 
Chinese diplomacy  a zoo. Out with pandas, in with wolf warriors. Not to mention Wuhan bats  …
Bombshell: U.S. Intel says Obama gave millions of dollars to Wuhan lab that produced coronavirus  … via @robmaness
Sir your observatory news is correct today, United States is conducting a full-scale investigation into whether the novel corona virus escaped from a lab in Wuhan, China.  …
. @tedcruz on #Verdict: Absolutely YES the US Govt knew the Wuhan Institute was conducting dangerous bat virus research & #WeTheTaxpayers FUNDED IT! The Chinese govt needs to answer this question right now: Were they studying the novel #Coronavirus?  …
Who cares about WHO? Because we have no faith and trust in our govt and #China , we start wearing mask back when there were increasing cases in Wuhan. We learnt from the history of SARS and it’s time for the western society to learn their lesson of NOT trusting #CCP in any case
These two citizen journalists traveled to Wuhan in late January to try to cut through the government cover-up about the coronavirus. They were arrested and have since "disappeared." Where are they, Xi Jinping?  
Wonder how many layers of the proverbial onion the Trump administration will reveal with its investigation into the Wuhan Lab as the origin of the CV-19 pandemic. Goes much deeper than just lax lab standards.  …
WHO KNEW AND WHEN DID THEY KNOW? China Knew W.H.O. Knew ANOTHER QUERY: Why did the Obama Administration send $4 Million to the Virology Laboratory in Wuhan? This is where the Pandemic originated. LET THIS SINK IN SLOWLY... UMMMMM...... Thoughts? IFBP  …
Business as usual isn’t business as usual after Wuhan's lockdown  via @BW
The Obama Administration gave the lab where the Wuhan virus originated a $3.7 million Grant in 2015 The MEN who wrote our founding *laws*... specifically the Constitution did so with the likes of Barack Obama in mind because he literally was out to DESTROY America!
#VIDEO Wuhan residents react after China admitted missteps in tallying its death toll from the virus, as it abruptly raised the count by 50 percent in the country. The  as doubts mount around the world about how transparent China has been...  
Don't believe anything you hear out of #Beijing. The gov't in #China is still censoring information and punishing whistleblowers. This brave woman from #Wuhan speaks out on the #CCP's disgusting #Coronavirus lies. 
Just received my online degree as a doctor of pandemic virology from the Ted Wuhan Lu Institute of Online Degrees. I’m a doctor now!
China cut off flights from Wuhan to other Chinese cities, but NOT the rest of the world. China murdered over 100,000 people worldwide; my Father was one of these people. China colluding with @WHO has blood on their hands and needs to pay for these 
Once upon a time there was an EVIL BIO LAB in China, The Wuhan Institute of Virology. President Obama sent pallets of cash to EVIL Iran. He then sent a pallet of cash to the Wuhan Lab. The Wuhan Lab started a Pandemic & would you believe they tried to blame this cute little guy 
Three #coronavirus whistleblowers still missing after two months They wanted to show the ‘truth’ of #Wuhan, but have not been seen for two months Chen Qiushi, Fang Bin and Li Zehua shared dramatic pictures and videos from inside the quarantined city  …
LIVE NOW: Descent into Hell: Xi and the Death Sentence of Wuhan @WarRoomPandemic WATCH:  
Hey @drawandstrike I'm building this for your #Memoryhole story. Media cleared all their Wuhan, China, Virus tweets.  …
Let’s see now Fact: There’s a virology lab near Wuhan Fact: it studies bats & coronaviruses Fact: US scientists warned it wasn’t secure Fact: the 1st outbreak of Covid-19 was in Wuhan Fact: China lied & covered it up Draw your own conclusions  …
WHY did the Obama Admin award $3.7 million to the Wuhan lab to study #coronavirus? Virologist Dr. Shi, nicknamed "Bat Doctor" RAN the program & remembers thinking, "if coronaviruses were the culprit, could they  from our lab?”  …
So you want me to believe that a super virus access was given to an intern in a highly secure lab. Journalist samjha hai kya? Covid-19 virus accidentally leaked by intern at Wuhan lab: Report - world news - Hindustan Times  …
If the risk of Wuhan Virus is minimal to you: Open your business Patronize local businesses If you are old, chronically ill, stay home another few weeks. If you are a snowflake raised by helicopter parents, paralyzed by fear, stay on mommy’s teat, and stay off social media
... That cold fact soon may be evident with four class action lawsuits brought against China over its failure to promptly notify the world of the coronavirus pandemic, as well as allegations that the outbreak may have started in a laboratory in Wuhan.  …
The novel coronavirus may have been accidentally leaked by an intern working at the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China: Report  …
The @nypost wrecks Facebook over their Wuhan lab "fact checking"  
The death toll in China "is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!" The  regime raised its #CCPvirus death toll by 50% in the epicenter #Wuhan, drawing criticism from President 
Let's do our own unbiased poll. Are you more worried about getting the wuhan-virus or are you more worried about experiencing severe financial hardship for months.
Wuhan was ahead of the world... Italy was ahead of USA.. USA was ahead of many African countries.. Kenya we are not exceptional Health CS Mutahi Kagwe said kenyans still think coronavirus is a myth we are headed where USA is if we joke around #coronaviruskenya
Fox News reported late on Wednesday that U.S. officials say that the coronavirus originated in a Wuhan lab, and that  officials blamed a wet market in Wuhan to deflect blame from the lab and destroyed evidence from the lab. 
#ICYMI Exclusive interview with director of #Wuhan Institute of Virology on conspiracy theories about #coronavirus: Man-made coronavirus beyond human 
At least we know @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo are looking into it on world’s behalf. If it is proven this virus  from Wuhan lab and was covered up and lied about, relations with China’s officials responsible will change. Could also be considered a war crime? Strange times  …
The Left sees the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus as an opportunity to change voting practices in America...FOREVER! 
Seems my hunch was right: #POTUS said today it all came down to bats and whether they were anywhere near Wuhan. This means the “intermediate” horseshoe bat virus from a secret cave 1700km away in Yunnan (RaTG13/2013) which miraculously appeared on 1/23/20 is ’s only alibi.  …
Wuhan Coronavirus not a ‘natural virus’, but was leaked from a Wuhan lab by an intern: Read shocking revelations made in a report  …
The U.S. is conducting a full-scale investigation into whether the novel coronavirus, which went on to morph into a global pandemic that has brought the global economy to its knees, escaped from a lab in Wuhan, China, Fox News has learned. 
The Wuhan Virus - Medicare pays $13,000 if someone is admitted to a hospital for the virus. If that patient goes on a ventilator the hospital gets $39,000. Experience tells me, it’s now a numbers game and money grab.
WATCH: @NIH confirmed 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in Wuhan at the center of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The Admin should immediately halt US taxpayer funds from going to these Chinese virology labs. MORE:  …
While the liberal media is gushing about China’s response to the Wuhan virus this is happening in real time and not being reported on ? Why  in all forms and it needs to be eradicated!!! #WuhanCoronaVirus 
The best side effect of these Wuhan Virus pressers, daily: Lamestream media exposed as ALL supporting Communist China over the United States “Journalists” exposed as  puppet hacks President @realDonaldTrump exposed as BEST PRESIDENT EVER  …
The correct name is the WUHAN VIRUS. WUHAN FLU sound cooler, but that's just my personal opinion. As for Amnesty International, they can take a hike.  …
LIVE 10AM-12PM ET: Steve Bannon hosts a #WarRoomPandemic #CCP special "Descent into Hell: Xi and the Death Sentence of #Wuhan" feat. @DanDavidPA of “China Hustle” Watch and listen  Also on @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit & @jfradioshow network 
US intel HAS begun a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab  via 
True, it's true name is the WUHAN VIRUS. That's what most Chinese people are calling it, you clowns.
Spot on except the bat soup. In three years in China I didn't see a single bat soup stall. I bat it's from the Wuhan lab.
Coronavirus may have started spreading as early as September and may not have originated in Wuhan, say British scientists 
China Media Now Claims Coronavirus Originated from American Athletes Who Visited Wuhan in October 2019!  … via @gatewaypundit
I’d put “Wuhan virology lab employee” a bit higher on that list.  …
Radical Obama/Biden regime sold off America to her enemies piece by piece for their own profit: Iranian cash/weapons Hamas Russia-HunterBiden China-Hunter Biden Mexican drug cartels George Soros-Nazism now the #NIH #WHO COVID Wuhan lab! Biden must never be President! #Trump2020
The people who have been in NYC since the beginning of this, and those who work in Lombardy, Italy, and in Wuhan, China have faced loss for weeks to months. Not only do we not know when this will end, but it is likely that after it fades, it  back in a second wave. 5/
How does ancient medicine tackle modern pandemic? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip to see  of traditional Chinese medicine for COVID-19 patients in Wuhan 
Brcause there was a moratorium on studying bioweapons at that time, so the  continued their "research" within the wuhan lab with connections to lab in NC and in Winnepeg CAN. The CCP virus is a gain of function BWeapon I will probably get banned for this info so retweet.
The story also reminds us that Wuhan doctors suspected as early as late Dec. there was transmission among humans, but were silenced by officials. And it makes the point that Trump & other foreign politicians were told of dangers by Jan. 20 at the latest, but failed to prepare.
Given the recent reports of how our IC assets were decimated in China during the prior administration, how exactly are we planning to investigate the Wuhan lab? Not looking for Obama/Schrill bashing. I’m wondering how this will be possible.  …
MANY of us were avoiding crowds and self-distancing way before Morrison came to the party...because we listened to experts such as Dr Swan and Dr Suan and saw what was happening in Wuhan
Let’s be clear, they (Deep State) WANTED COVID-19 to spread around the globe! Gordon Chang: “China admitted for the first time, that this disease was transmissible human to human, H2H, on January 20th! But doctors in Wuhan knew by the second week of December that it was H2H,... 
Here's why they call it COVID: In the beginning, it was called the Wuhan Bat Virus, then they changed it to Coronavirus bc Wuhan Bat Virus was dumb. But then we learned Bill Gates owns the patent to Coronavirus so they switched it to COVID because that don't really mean anything
Secret behind the virology and Wuhan lab. #COVID19 #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaMustPay  
When first learning of the virus, China shut down domestic travel, but not international flights, to and from Wuhan. Xi knew then that he and China were headed for loss of life and economic ruin. Did he decide to take the rest of the world, especially the US, with him?
Besides the fact that everybody in this picture is going to catch Wuhan Virus, it is once again necessary to point out that the people who are always shouting "Islam gives women rights" put the men under a nice shade and left the women under the blazing sun to fry like akara.  …
So, Duterte is a liar because Wuhan declared a lockdown earlier than Phils? 
Business as usual isn’t business as usual after Wuhan's lockdown  via @BW
Hubei Province in central China has had its #coronavirus risk evaluation downgraded to "low risk" in all cities after Wuhan announced to lower its risk level to low on Saturday. 
A new report from Washington Examiner reveals that U.S. intelligence is investigating the Wuhan lab.  …
Wuhan's finest. Sweet & sour crispy bat soup.  …
“Communist Party of China treated the Covid19 outbreak in Wuhan in November as a political embarrassment rather than a public health emergency, delaying the start of containment measures until Jan 23” - @Chellaney is right Geopolitical effects will be big  
Every single "journalist" who interviews Joe Biden and doesn't ask why the Obama administration sent the Wuhan virology lab all that money is abdicating their duty to the American people. We need answers!
Long a go stated: US intel HAS begun a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab  @MailOnline
The ACLU criticized a tracking feature designed by Apple and Google to limit the spread of the Chinese virus. The feature uses BlueTooth technology to track a smartphone user’s distance from other users that have tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
POTUS said, he will continue to investigate the origin of the CV. Recent reporting has questioned whether, the virus could  from a virology lab in Wuhan that was studying bats, rather than a bat sold in a market! POTUS said, he was aware of the reports. Thoughts??
Did the Chinese government revise #Wuhan’s number of confirmed cases & deaths out of pressure? In Wuhan, Du Bin, Director of the Medical ICU at Peking Union Medical told me he’s not aware of any political pressures or issues behind this. He’s in Wuhan for the past 3 months. 
Why did the Obama Administration send nearly 4 million dollars to the virology lab in Wuhan where this pandemic allegedly started?
The USA banned “GAIN OF FUNCTION” virus research because of the dangers of causing a pandemic. So in 2015, Dr Anthony Fauci's NIH, funded research into bat corona viruses in Wuhan China ($3.7m) using “gain of function" technology, which is effectively making bio-weapons! 
As first reported by @SheilaGunnReid, the Liberal govt gave $828,046 in funding to a virology lab in Wuhan for coronavirus testing. Both the US and the UK are investigating whether the origin of the virus was at one of two labs in Wuhan.  …
Much much higher than 50% Now for the real truth of what broke out there !!! Friday briefing: China admits Wuhan death toll 50% higher  …
Wuhan far off from herd immunity - 2-3% with antibodies  …
#Birx says “we no longer have flu”.. so where’d the flu go? It should frighten every1 these “leaders” of #Covid_19 task force eradicated the flu so everything is death by #Wuhan. Can’t believe anything they say. @realDonaldTrump open #America 
Coronavirus: Is there any evidence for lab release theory? US embassy was worried about biosecurity at a virus lab in Wuhan, China. The lab is in the same city where the coronavirus outbreak first came to the world's attention.  …
China intentionally let the Wuhan Vorus spread all over the world & kill 100s of thousands.  …
The Wuhan Health Orgonisation. 
issuing correction on a previous post of mine, regarding the health system in Wuhan. you do not, under any circumstances, "gotta hand it to them"  …
Interesting question from (I think) an OANN reporter, asking President Trump whether they’re looking into a 3.7 million grant that the NHI, in 2015 under the Obama administration, gave to the Wuhan lab where the virus came from. President Trump: “The Obama administration gave.. 
US controlled media won’t tell you: 1-Harvard University got kicked out of China once for #DNA_theft! 2-US had presence and funded virus research in the Wuhan lab accused of leaking the #Covid_19! Perhaps because it doesn’t fit their 
Why, in 2015, did @BarackObama give $3.7MILLION to the lab in #Wuhan, #China... where the #Coronaviruspandemic originated? Why did #Obama predict a FUTURE worldwide virus when he was President? #CrimesAgainstHumanity 
China mandates coronavirus tests for key public workers leaving Wuhan  
On @ffweekend at 6:30 ET to talk about the #coronavirus escaping from a lab in #Wuhan. Yes, this bug once lived in one of #China's secretive labs. And we'll talk about the wrongdoing at the #WorldHealthOrganization. Should #Tedros resign? You bet. #TedrosResign #ChinaMustPay
Almost immediately after that, it began breaking that Obama’s administration had given the Wuhan Lab $3.7m. Why?  …
Look at you requesting to bring non Ugandan citizens to Uganda yet when Ugandan students in Wuhan were asking to be evacuated you bird boxed them  …
We didn’t visit this particular fish market in Wuhan, but we filmed at similar markets in South East Asia. Wild animals are kept in tiny cages in terribly unhygienic conditions. We show the extent of this in @STROOP_film #Covid_19  …
Novel Coronavirus May Have Been Accidentally Leaked By Intern At Wuhan Lab, Claims US Media  …
BOOM! Barack was a busy little bee indeed! US intelligence now says Obama got the NIA to give $3.7 million and a grant to a lab in Wuhan, the exact lab where the coronavirus originated from! WTH 
@RiazGilani That was a different virus altogether for I too got it & my tests for #COVID19 show no sign of previous infection on PCR or Antibody tests. Also a few other people tested similarly. SARS-CoV-2 is very new to the world only from January 2020 after Wuhan in Nov-Dec 2019
De “Obama-Administration” gaf in 2015 3,7 miljoen $aan het Chinees labo in WuhanShocking! US gave $3.7 million to China's Wuhan lab that conducted coronavirus tests on bats  …
No doubt why some ppl are calling MP as the Wuhan of India. Entire health dept in quarantine, no health minister, no measures taken to control the Virus. One man Shivraj govt is probably working as an agent of the virus #भाजपा_मस्त_MP_त्रस्त
Trump is so sick. 1. Wuhan is not doubling, but 50% adjustment. 2. Rest of China was not like Wuhan (most US cities are not NYC). 3. He is desperate to distract from his colossal mistakes. China’s measures so effective (it takes months for US to figure out wearing masks.) 
A team of medical experts led by Professors Qiao Jie & Zhao Yangyu from #PKU Third Hospital have published a correspondence titled 'Clinical Characteristics of Pregnant Women with #Covid19 in Wuhan, China' in @NEJM, the New England Journal of Medicine.  
If it can be (somehow) confirmed that coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab, what could the consequences be?  #FoxNews
President @realDonaldTrump #COVID19 Wuhan Bat Wet Zone They talk about a certain kind of bat. All I can say is wherever it came from… It came from China. #ChinaLiedPeopleDie #MAGA #MAGA2020Landslide #KeepAmericaGreat 
Is this the confirmation of that #US government created the #coronavirus and send it to Wuhan? Terrible story… We need the truth! Be transparency, USA!  …
"Though I can't see their faces behind the masks, I will remember these medics by heart." Xu Ming, a 95-year-old patient who recovered from #COVID19 in Wuhan, shares his experiences during one of the most difficult times of his life. Take a look 
Exclusive interview with director of #Wuhan Institute of Virology on conspiracy theories about #coronavirus: now, humans don't have the capability to create such 
#ScottyFromMarketting scolds the W.H.O for approving the reopening of Wuhan wet markets. @ScottMorrisonMP needs to be scolded for ignoring climate change experts @PeterDutton_MP needs to be scolded for allowing the Ruby Princess to dock  …
No one can be right all the time or wrong all the time. Hypocrisy reins In that Trump cannot call it the Wuhan virus BUT, the Chinese can discriminate against Africans; citing imported cases. Both can be wrong at the same time though #Covid_19
Why does the MSM still avoid saying Chinese or Wuhan Virus? The description,Coronaviruses are only a group of viruses which produce symptoms similar to flu for example MERS (MIDDLE EAST Respiratory Syndrome!) Originated in China & they’ve been criminally economical with the truth
France says no evidence Covid-19 linked to Wuhan research lab set up with French help  
#CoronavirusOutbreak | Covid-19 virus accidently leaked by intern at Wuhan lab: Report  
An early, consistent determination? No kidding. W.H.O. declared pandemic on March 11, 7 weeks after China closed Wuhan. They also announced human-to-human transmission was limited outside China on Jan. 30. Both W.H.O. and The New York Times are in China's pocket.  …
Trump wrote a tweet about Wuhan raising its coronavirus death toll by 50% & asserted that China may actually have the biggest number of deaths. US has had 37308 deaths. It's a massacre. Meanwhile WHO shamelessly justifies China's revision and still won't question the death toll.
The perception of many in the UK is that some of our left leaning MSM is campaigning against our government rather  against the Wuhan Virus. Democracy with free speech is the best form of government but needs to be used responsibly in a time of national crisis.
China Now Admits Coronavirus Death Toll In Wuhan Was 50% Higher Than Reported  …
US intelligence has ALREADY started a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab and its 'role in the virus' 
New data from China shows no infections found in over 30,000 healthcare workers in Wuhan, who all had proper PPE. Meanwhile, in the UK @MattHancock insists “We aren’t aware of any links from shortages of PPE" to deaths of NHS  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak | Covid-19 virus accidently leaked by intern at Wuhan lab: Report  
We were right! The Wuhan Virus is widespread in the USA, but acute illness, & death rates (much like the seasonal flu) are well below 1%. We shut down our country & hurt millions for a virus that only makes a few of us sick. Why? Who benefits from this?  …
Increasing Wuhan's death toll was a stroke of genius. Not only was it the right thing to do - not to mention respecting the dead and their families - but it also called the western media's bluff. In one swoop, the "secretive" CCP has proven its critics wrong - with transparency.
Cardinal Antonio dos Santos Marto insults those of us who consider it possible that the Wuhan virus is a chastisement from God He accuses of us "ignorance, sectarian fanaticism or insanity" He, on the other hand, thinks that God is only capable of sweetness and light mercy  …
I am going to stop making fun of anyone who may be under the misapprehension that the Wuhan Virus is not dangerous. This isn't how best to convince people of the true threat to freedom and the organization responsible for the pandemic: the Communist Party of China.
Chinese writer hit by nationalist backlash over diary about Wuhan lockdown  …
FUZZY MATH: Beijing Raises Wuhan Death Toll 50% Over Growing Backlash of Potential Cover-Up 
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether #coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab. Known Fact: In 2015, the Obama Admin gave $3.7M grant to Wuhan Virology Lab for #COVID19 research. - Trump: The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN! Logical! #Trump2020 
Chronicle of deaths foretold (with due apologies to Marquez) - Tencent reporting 24000 deaths, suspicious Wuhan heat maps, lost mobile phone connections & thousands of urns in funeral homes. China was hiding deaths. It brazenly “revised” the toll up by 50% citing “misreporting”  …
After repeatedly defending the accuracy of their data, Chinese officials revise the coronavirus death toll in Wuhan to 3,869, 50% higher than previously reported 
Wuhan's 11 million people are free to dine out. But they aren't 
In pictures:  back to life after COVID-19  
China admits Wuhan coronavirus death toll at least 50% higher than first reported  
French Nobel Prize winner, co-discoverer of AIDS virus, says the Wuhan virus is the result of a lab accident: “the characteristics of the new Coronavirus could not have risen naturally.”  …
China mandates coronavirus tests for key public workers leaving Wuhan  
#Shanghai Huashan Hospital on Friday honored its 287 doctors and nurses who were dispatched to Wuhan, the hardest-hit region in China during the novel #coronavirus outbreak, and the Shanghai frontlines to treat #COVID19 
Report: China Quietly Keeping Residences Quarantined Despite ‘Reopening’ Wuhan 
#Wuhan has recently conducted more than 270,000 nucleic acid tests, among which 182 were found to be cases carrying the novel #coronavirus but showing no symptoms, a local newspaper reported. 
There was not a single fact, not one, in the @NewshubNZ story on covid19 and Wuhan just now. It was all conjecture. This outfit is  more like Fox news everyday.
An importer of seafood in Seattle one our buyers knows said the death toll is WAY higher in Russia. They're assigning them as "pneumonia" deaths. Her family still lives in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky (Kamchatka Peninsula) and said it's bad there. Wuhan just got reinfected from
#CoronavirusOutbreak | Covid-19 virus accidently leaked by intern at Wuhan lab: Report  
Chart showing COVID19 symptom onset vs public health policy in Wuhan. With key events highlighted. From  
China admits 50% more died in Wuhan but denies any cover-up Are You Sure? We Are Not Convinced!  …
Sources believe coronavirus outbreak originated in Wuhan lab though not as a bioweapon but as part of China's efforts  with US | Fox News  …
Whoever in Wuhan ate one of these, we have no fútbol thanks to you  …
This fantastic papers hows that before Hong kong's government had taken the very first measures, BEFORE WUHAN WAS EVEN ON LOCKDOWN, 61% of HKers were avoiding crowded places, 67% avoided symptomatic people, 75% wore masks, and 71% increased handwash frequency.  …
Not only did Obama send pallets of $to Iran... he apparently sent pallets of $to Wuhan in ‘15 Coincidence this was right before Trump became president? INVESTIGATE China/Dems & what they knew abt #COVID19 & WHEN! This is seeming like a DELIBERATE attack/act of 
$3.8 DOLLAR GRANT TO THE WUHAN LAB IN 2015 WHO WAS PRESIDENT IN 2015 ? RENEGADE 
Pompeo: U.S. Asking China for Access to Wuhan Lab to Determine Coronavirus Origins  
If people in Wuhan are staying in, I think it’s safe to say this is real. Economic losses >>>>> Human lives lost 
Did  from a lab in Wuhan? A new study “Project Evidence” examines evidence the virus was introduced into Wuhan by an infected lab worker or animal from a biolab. I remain both curious and skeptical, but there sure are a lot of coincidences  
Obama gave the Wuhan lab (the lab where the man-made novel coronavirus was released unto the entire world) $3.7 million.
US intel HAS begun a full-scale investigation into Wuhan lab 
Wa the CIA involved in the $3.7 million NIH funding of the Wuhan Lab? The whole China/CIA setup began in 2010, and turned deadly in 2012. And it got worse from there.  …
Taiwan had written to the World Health Organisation raising questions about the human-to-human contact spread aspect of the Wuhan coronavirus but was ignored by the WHO 
Neither ‘lab’ nor ‘wet market’? Covid-19 outbreak started months EARLIER and NOT in Wuhan, indicates ongoing Cambridge study 
For a country reeling under #Covid_19 to use a maverick one novel anarchist to defame India with best possible record in containing #Wuhan virus despite Islamist #Tabhligi aggression shows limitations of Left intellectual discourse. 
Raise your hand if you’re not surprised. Keep it raised if you think the real number of Covid-19 deaths in Wuhan needs to be multiplied many times from their “Official Report”. 
If China contained the virus in Wuhan so that it could not spread to Beijing & other cities, why was it allowed on flights to world destinations? Was #WuhanVirus #WuhanLabVirus sent out into the world on purpose? Chinese cities not infected! World 
"The WHO said Wuhan had been overwhelmed by the virus, which emerged in the city in December, and the authorities had been too swamped to ensure every death and infection was properly recorded." Shameless @DrTedros is still batting for Chinese  …
In its ruling, the court kept the shares frozen, citing the SBU probe into whether selling Motor Sich sabotages NatSec by allowing sensitive tech into foreign hands. So far Ukraine has 4662 cases, 125 deaths from Wuhan virus, hope @ZelenskyyUa realizes how dangerous China 
Interesting thread with quantitative info about the effects of different public health interventions in Wuhan at different time periods in the tbreak.  …
RT @TrumpWarRoom The Obama-Biden Administration reportedly gave $3.7 million to the Chinese lab in Wuhan that is the subject of the investigation into the origin of the coronavirus. President Trump says "we will end that grant very quickly." 
Bill Gates & Barack Obama released a docuseries on Netflix called PANDEMIC in December right before the Wuhan virus was "discovered." #NoCoincidences  
. @WHO: An upward revision in #China's #coronavirus death toll was "an attempt to leave no case undocumented" The total number of confirmed #COVID19 cases in Wuhan as of the end of Thursday was revised up by 325 to 50,333, and the number of fatalities up by 1,290 to 3,869. 
World #coronavirus deaths surge past 150,000 as US President Donald Trump accuses China of continuing to cover up its toll, even after Beijing revises figures sharply upward for Wuhan, the original epicenter of the global pandemic  
It started as Wuhan virus, then it became Chinese virus , then to covid-19. Now China want to rename it african virus, 
The Obama administration gave a 3,5 million $grant to the Wuhan laboratory from which the #Coronavirus escaped. What does that tell  …
The Wuhan lab at the core of a virus controversy #AWANInews #AWANI745 #COVID19  
China have been trying to cover up the origin of the Wuhan virus by controlling the narrative thru the fake news MSM by playing the race card. But we can always count on @realDonaldTrump to tell us the truth #Trump2020 #FakeNews Follow me @koi529 
In a city withy a population of 11 million they doubled their death toll 3,869. If you believe that, then please raise your hand and slap yourself with it. Still underreporting. China increases Wuhan's COVID-19 death toll by 50%  …
Wuhan starts testing for antibodies among thousands returning to work, and others without symptoms, to gain clearer picture of immunity to prevent second wave of disease 
CHINA DEATH TOLL SURGES: China has revised the coronavirus death toll in hard-hit Wuhan by 50 percent, but many nations remain skeptical of the new number. @JamesAALongman reports.  
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #China - P4 Laboratory at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. #AFP @hectorretamal @johaynz More on  
A crime against humanity has gone unnoticed during the Wuhan Corona virus pandemic. Pakistan and Bangladesh have used the pandemic as an opportunity to starve their Hindu minority. Through deliberate neglect, the whole world is to blame for genocide against Hindus.
It really makes you wonder when US dollars & Canadian dollars are both being sent to the same lab in Wuhan.
We’re pleased to see that our recent #documentary, “Tracking Down the Origin of #Wuhan #Coronavirus,” has generated a lot of healthy discussion and more than 70 million views across multiple channels.
France doesn’t buy into Trump’s conspiracy theory about  out of Wuhan lab. Europe defends China & WHO. More embarrassment for USA  …
The New York Times is dangerous, sir. They told people to travel to Wuhan in February..... Now it's the "best for you" MASK! 
My advise all Democrats should wait till there are no more deaths and no more risk and we have a vaccine. They should shelter in place while the rest of us go free. After all only, Republicans will die from the Wuhan virus. I'll take my chances.
Where were you when? This tweet from Singaporean journalist @suilee on 16 January was the first I’d heard of the new coronavirus. (Two days later, Wuhan city officials hosted an annual Spring Festival potluck for 40,000 people).  …
Where did  from? The W.H.O. in order to rename the Wuhan virus. Of course according to the WHO and China they bear no responsibility for the Wuhan virus. It came from President Trump.
War with China won't arise directly because of Wuhan virus But the collision  between us  …
All of us, paying any attention at all, know for a fact that the Wuhan virus came from China. Don't tell that to Some Democrats and the Media. They blame Trump? OK, no one is really this stupid, but they think we must be and you are if you're buying this political line from CHINA
Pompeo: U.S. Asking China for Access to Wuhan Lab to Determine Coronavirus Origins US is asking Chinese Communist Party (CCP) for access to the Wuhan Institute of Virology lab to determine if the novel coronavirus originated there.  …
30,000+ health care workers (HCWs) from other provinces went to Wuhan to help care for patients.  PPE, amazing that none of them was infected! Fully protecting HCWs in the outbreak of a high transmissible infectious disease is highly essential. They are heros! 
Wuhan's 11 million people are free to dine out. But they aren't  …
The CCP restricted travel from Wuhan to other cities in China but allowed international travel. They wanted the world to get sick.
My fellow #Wuhan to #Beijing passengers (no social distancing at the train gate ) + me continuing to file furiously (because the news never stops 
Press had to admit who was President . . When the U.S. gave Wuhan Virology Lab $3.7 Million dollar Grant!  …
Mobility curbs remain: Only 1,000/day allowed #Wuhan- #Beijing via lottery system. @TelegraphWorld went by rail. Below: My ID + #train ticket + negative #coronavirus test results (valid within 7 days) being examined before allowed entry into 
Above tidbits from a fascinating 10 days in #Wuhan as the city of 11m slowly lifted lockdowns. Not quite normal - people struggling to understand what happened, small biz owners barely staying afloat. Also kids in #hazmats (didn’t even know mini suits were manufactured..)
China’s Wuhan Disease Spreads Through ICE Jails, Slows Deportation 
Some of this I read in reports from Wuhan -- kidney damage also?-- and I can't understand why there isn't more focus on long-term #COVID19 consequences. For how many? Are American doctors following up on this?
Pompeo: China Has ‘Not Permitted The World’s Scientists To Go Into’ Wuhan Lab  
BREAKING NEWS! Congrats @WhiteCoatWaste in helping to to get the president, @realDonaldTrump,  to END taxpayer spending on #Vivisection, animal experiments at the Wuhan Institute of Virology!! WOW!  …
The #Yangtze River lit up at night; view from the Hankou side. A sealed path due to #coronavirus. And 2 signs letting everyone know there are no #COVID19 illnesses, fevers etc in this  for 30 consecutive days #Wuhan 
US wanted to call it China virus, G7 disagreed. US blamed WHO, G7 disagreed. US going back to blame China by spreading unnamed source that virus came from Wuhan Lab, now France disagrees. Who's is the next US' target? Obama?  …
Why were U.S. tax dollars used in funding virology labs in Wuhan China? And who was responsiblefor this?
More #Wuhan postcards: Entrance to Carrefour; makeshift takeout window through metal barrier; makeshift barrier, period - everything plus the kitchen sink; #Communist Party disaster relief tent (these are still 
Trump Masterfully Trolls Media, Shows Obama Gave $3.7M Grant to Wuhan Lab in 2015 REPORTER: "Why would the U.S. give a grant to China?" TRUMP: "When did you hear the grant was made?" REPORTER: "2015." TRUMP: "Who is president then, I wonder?" 
What about FY2014, FY2015, FY2016, FY2017, & FY2018? It's way more than $76,000. Under the direction of Anthony Fauci, U.S. taxpayer $$$was funding researchers in China to go into caves, collect bat viruses, & genetically manipulate them to make them more lethal in a Wuhan lab.  …
And how did it get to Europe? In January China banned flights out of Wuhan to the rest of the country but *allowed* travel from Wuhan to the rest of the world.  …
Why would Obama give the Wuhan Lab $3.7 MILLION in 2015, he was leaving office in a few months. He thought Hillary would win though. Could that be Insurance in case she didn't win mmm
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab 
Trump confirms US suspects deadly bat coronavirus escaped from Wuhan laboratory  …
Prof Luc Montagnier, Nobel Prize winner, says Corona-chan is man made and was accidentally released from a lab in Wuhan in the last quarter of 2019:  … Thank you @maxfulgi for the heads up.
Glad you admit you lack simple logic "This is their new hoax" = Russia, Ukraine, now Dems will use this to attack POTUS "This" = the Wuhan virus, which the Chinese Communist Party covered up, let spread and caused untold damage throughout the world  …
China Revises Wuhan’s Coronavirus Deaths: Toll Was Higher by 50 Percent After Recount -same thing will happen here.  … via @thedailybeast
Wuhan lab origin of Covid-19 ‘seems to make sense’, says Trump as Fauci douses cold water on ‘man-made virus’ conspiracy 
Why would the Obama administration give a 3.75 million dollar grant in 2015 to the level 4 lab in Wuhan where this virus supposedly originated from?! We think this is shady! How about you?
Did you know that the taxpayer money of "We the People" was being used to fund the lab in Wuhan China where the China virus came from? Now I'm wondering if it was a CIA inside job! Why are we funding our enemies to develop & study biological weapons??
This is jaw-dropping stuff: Our article was censored based on the  of a scientist who . . . collaborates with the Wuhan virology lab. 
BREAKING:  to ending taxpayer spending on animal experiments at the Wuhan Institute of Virology!! This  just a week after the release of our blockbuster exposé. We'll shout it from the rooftops: WOO HOO!  …
WERE YOU AWARE.... The Lab in Wuhan is owned by George Soros.....? The same lab that the Prime MOISTENER just made a donation to.... WHAT THE HELL is going on?
If a “‘wet market’ animal to human transmission” was the correct virus explanation - and not  at the Wuhan Lab - then given how many putrid wet markets there are across Asia, we should have these extremely contagious & deadly viruses rampant all the time.  …
People aren’t going back to sitdown restaurants in China. This indicates that even if we try to open up here, consumer behavior will change significantly. Many businesses won’t survive Wuhan’s Life After Lockdown Isn’t Business as Usual - Bloomberg  …
Chinese scientists have said the virus likely jumped from an animal to humans in a market that sold wildlife in Wuhan, but the existence of the lab has fuelled conspiracy theories that the germ spread from the facility. 
THIS WAS YESTERDAY 1PM: Leaked documents indicate Virus came from Wuhan lab 2PM: Wuhan coronavirus deaths revised up 50% 3PM: China denies cover-up Sure, now we believe you.
Nancy told everyone to parade down San Francisco’s China Town in late February to celebrate that they were all invincible from the Wuhan China Virus. 
#WhyImNotVotingForTrump - I'm not Voting for Trump because I died from the Wuhan - And everyone knows dead people only vote 4 Democrats
- "Carrying Water" For the W.H.O. and Bill Gates - Breaking CHLORINE DIOXIDE Trials - DOJ Injuncts Jim Humble - Wuhan Leaks - Another Pedogate Doc - FISA DECLAS 
US Launches 'Full-Scale Investigation' Into Wuhan Lab  …
After @EpochTimes published the documentary “Tracking Down the Origin of Wuhan Coronavirus,” an “independent fact checker” on @Facebook marked the video as false. The fact checker says she is a scientist who works with the Wuhan Institute of  …
POSTSCRIPT: After we raised the alarm, Facebook uncensored that Steve Mosher oped about the origins of the Wuhan virus. But  didn’t apologize to the NYPost or offer any explanation/accountability.  …
Wuhan researcher warned of coronavirus outbreaks linked to bats last January 
Obama gave the Wuhan lab $3.7 million.  …
BREAKING NEWS: Bret Bair just said on Sean Hannity that the virus was being studied in the Wuhan lab. It was NOT linked to a man made weaponization. China cut corners (has lower sanitary standards) and the virus jumped to humans. WAIT!! I said that 3 or 4 weeks ago.....
"US  became aware of #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan in the 2nd week of November & drew up a classified document. They informed the Trump admin, “which did not deem it of interest." The IC also provided NATO & Israel w/the document."  …
Imp question: how does Trudeau govt reconcile giving $828K of Cdn tax$& sharing sensitive scientific data/research with #Wuhan lab under an oppressive Chinese regime that is prohibiting sharing/publishing of scientific #COVID19 data/knowledge by its scientists?  …
Hilariously ALP stooges in The Western Australian newspaper are calling me 'racist' for addressing the pandemic as 'The Wuhan Virus.' Straight out of the CCP playbook. Pathetic.
“Cdn govt didn’t explain why Wuhan lab was chosen as research partner” Has Cdn govt suddenly forgotten about stolen deadly viruses &data from ’s only Level4 Nat Microbiology Lab by Chinese scientists linked to regime in May2019—under RCMP investigation?  …
The worst part of all of this is that China knew how dangerous coronavirus was and made a decision to restrict travel from Wuhan to other areas in China, but allowed international travel. They then "disappeared" doctors and witnesses and destroyed as much evidence as possible.
Let’s break this down. In 2015 @BarackObama & @JoeBiden use your tax dollars ($3.7B) for a grant to a Chinese BioLab in Wuhan, 5 yrs. later America is collapsing under the sheer #Dumbassery of that administration. To add injury to insult one of the clowns is running for President
Now we find China prevented flights to and from Wuhan within China even while Trudeau allowed flights from there to continue to land in Vancouver. #TrudeauMustGo
WTF? Are Obama/Biden behind this WUHAN VIRUS? No wonder Pelosi, Schiff and the Democrat Party Criminal Cabal have been trying to stop Trump - They are providing each other cover, and they pay the Media to repeat their propaganda!  …
Obama admin gave $3.7M in grants to Wuhan lab responsible for releasing the Chinese Virus. They were planning this to happen for awhile, especially Bill Gates, to demand world shut down until his vaccine is available. Ushering in NWO around the globe was ultimate sick agenda.
On @seanhannity's show at 9:00 ET with @danielhoffmanDC to talk about the source of the #coronavirus outbreak. Did this bug  from a lab in #Wuhan? This "conspiracy theory" is no longer sounding so conspiratorial. #China #Hannity @FoxNews
BREAKING NEWS: Today @NIH confirmed to me 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in Wuhan at the center of the #CoronavirusOutbreak.
The Obama administration gave a $3.7million grant to the Wuhan lab suspected of releasing COVID-19 I wonder how they’ll blame Trump for that too.
Tucker Carlson on how China is shaping the narrative on the Wuhan Virus in the US: "China doesn’t see this simply or even primarily as a public health disaster in which thousands are dying. China sees this as part of a larger geopolitical struggle for control of the world." 
Great job @mattgaetz @WhiteCoatWaste @TuckerCarlson for exposing this crazy NIH grant to the Wuhan lab (only a few nights ago), and already TODAY NIH will be discontinuing those grants. We can not be funding the unleashing of deadly viruses upon the world. #AmericaFirst  …
The Chinese virus likely came from a lab in Wuhan that the Obama administration gave $3.7 million to! I love this reporter for bringing this up! 
Trump asked about reports that the Obama Administration gave the Wuhan Lab where Coronavirus may  from a $3.7 million grant back in 2015. Why do you think Obama funded this Lab? 
"The Obama administration gave them a grant of $3.7 million...we will end that grant very quickly." Thank you President @realDonaldTrump and @SecAzar  to end this America Last grant given to labs in Wuhan by the Obama administration! 
Dear @CDCDirector: Stop lying. Your initial tests failed. And you had ridiculously restrictive testing criteria focused on people from Wuhan. You missed everyone who brought in the virus from Italy, S Korea, Spain etc. And you  spread. That’s why virus exploded.  …
BREAKING: @TuckerCarlson: China conducting influence operation on Wuhan virus out of its San Francisco consulate....working with members of Congress, targeting state and local officials. #coronavirus
US gave 3.7 Million Dollars to Wuhan in 2015! Wasn’t the Kenyan Hussein President in 2015? 
Imagine that. Q Posted the HUSSEIN Obama Renegade graphic earlier today...and then millions of Americans learned from the #TrumpPressConference that Obama gave Wuhan $3.7 Million There are no coincidences: . 
TUCKER: “As of today, says someone in a position to know, there is ‘Almost unanimous agreement in the American Intelligence gathering agencies that the Virus currently destroying much of the world emerged from a lab in Wuhan’.” 
The lab in Wuhan being investigated as the source of the deadly coronavirus that spread to the world was given a grant by the Obama/Biden Administration. You can’t make this stuff up. 
The previous administration gave $3.7 MILLION to the virus lab in Wuhan. Damn the stars are aligning quite nicely... 
Where does  from ? Did the  from the same area ? Do they make the flu vaccines every year and send them over here for last years flu? Is this why the flu is gone ? Why did Bummer admin pay Wuhan 3.7 M ? So many questions Boom boom boom  …
Tucker is calling out Fauci for his evasive, non answer to the question asking if the virus came from the Wuhan lab. Fauci's answer: it wasn't genetically engineered. Strange.
This was the best exchange on the night. A reporter asked Trump about the $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan lab that Obama gave out. Trump made it VERY clear that the grant was issued by Obama, and that he would end it. Does anybody know who this reporter is? She seems pleasant. 
"2015? Who was President then, I wonder?" @realDonaldTrump says they'll end a reported $3.5M grant "very quickly" that was given to a lab near Wuhan that the virus is being suspected of leaking out of. The grant was reportedly issued in 2015 under 
Trump on Obama’s $3.7 MILLION grant to CHINESE lab in Wuhan in 2015: “We will end that grant very quickly.” 
The biolab studying viruses is only 280 yards from the supposed origin of the Wuhan Virus. Read the report here:  …
This paper published in February by researches at the South China University has been almost overlooked. The Chinese researchers found that "the killer Coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan." It was quickly suppressed. We need to know the TRUTH!
It's pretty clear that the virus was released from the virus lab in Wuhan, China. Our government gave the virus lab in Wuhan millions of dollars when @JoeBiden was the VP.
Who were FB’s “independent” fact checkers that denied the virus came from Wuhan lab? Wuhan collaborators! Who knew better! Not independent at all! Just more chinese influenced censorship! @POTUS  …
60 Minutes - Xi Jinping allowed 5 million people to leave the epicenter of the virus, to leave Wuhan without been screened for #COVID19 before he decided to impose the lockdown! #ChinaLiedPeopleaDied #WHOLiedPeopleDied #MakeChinaPay 
Reporter ask President Trump about the grant given to the Wuhan lab for $3,7 Million President asked when was that given? 2015, who was President? Obama
3.7 million to Wuhan? Who was President then I wonder? #Boomerang #TheMoreYouKnow 
Correction: the OBAMA admin gave the grant to Wuhan.  …
Obama gave the Wuhan lab $3.7 million.
Why did the Obama administration in 2015 give a $3.7 Miliion grant to the very lab in Wuhan that ended up releasing coronavirus on the world? Why were we giving China grants at all? Great question from @EmeraldRobinson
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS ASKED ABOUT THIS TONIGHT REVEALED: U.S. government gave $3.7million grant to Wuhan lab at center of coronavirus leak scrutiny that was performing experiments on bats from the caves where the disease is believed to have originated  …
Re grant to Wuhan lab DJT: when was that grant? PRESS: 2015 DJT: Gee, who was President then?
President Trump asked about reports that the Obama Administration gave the Wuhan Lab where Coronavirus may  from a $3.7 million grant. 
Ah, the president of the United States is going to "take a look" at a conspiracy theory proffered by the weirdos at OAN involving Obama and a grant for the Wuhan lab. No updates on Trump's look into weather weapons and lizard people.
President Trump just said that he's looking into making sure there is no more American grant money going to the virus lab in Wuhan. Apparently Obama gave them $3 million to develop this virus
IF SARS-CoV-2 is ultimately found to have originated from the BSL-4 Wuhan Lab AND was bioengineered THEN was it likely an “accidental” release Please  .... #QAnon #MAGA #POTUS #WWG1WGA
Iran shot down a passenger plane full of innocents. Democrats blamed President Trump. China let the coronavirus escape from their lab in Wuhan. Democrats blamed President Trump. Why does the left ALWAYS side with our enemies?
In Wuhan scientists conducted antibody tests on 3,600 hospital employees, 5,000 visitors; shows about 2.5% positivity for exposure - surprisingly low. Accumulating evidence shows overall U.S. exposures likely to be lower than once presumed, 2-5% nationally, more in hot spots.  …
US officials confirm investigation into whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  
Shocking news about the Wuhan Institute of Virology:  …
Given the fact that the  was sounding alarms in November about Covid, coupled with Trump saying it was released from the  in Wuhan... You know how he projects. I gotta tell ya, it’s giving me an uneasy feeling.
if you think Wuhan virus came from eating bats, you might be a democrat.
Correspondence: Pregnant Women with Covid-19 in Wuhan, China #COVID19 #SARSCoV2
The lockdown never happened for me and I live in LA I’ve been following scientific reports since very early on Claimed over 2 months ago I believed it was from a lab in Wuhan and not bats Took normal precautions such as washing hands And it’s been great enjoying the outdoors  …
WARMINGTON: Canada’s COVID-19 research tied to Wuhan virus lab – Toronto Sun - follow to ⁦ @SheilaGunnReid⁩ s scoop this week that brought this to light. There are many interesting things that have happened in the past year in virology  …
France has distanced itself from US claims that the virus originated in a lab in Wuhan. Macron says there is no evidence of this.
China’s CCP wants U 2think Wuhan-Coronavirus was an ‘accident’ that accidentally got out of their top secret test laboratory in Wuhan • What was NOT AN ACCIDENT was after CCP ‘knew’ COVID-19 was VERY CONTAGIOUS & Deadly they allow the virus to MINGLE & then SPREAD abroad 
#UPDATE As world #coronavirus deaths continue to increase, President Donald Trump accused China of covering up its toll even after Beijing revised figures sharply upward for Wuhan, the original epicenter of the global pandemic  
This didn’t age well... @CNN, @AP and @brithume have all started talking about the Wuhan Institute of Virology as the source of the 
Chinese explanations of exactly where and how the coronavirus began are drawing intense scrutiny, as Beijing denies a cover-up. U.S. intelligence is investigating theories that include accidental release of the virus by a Wuhan lab. Here's @margbrennan  
Wuhan death-toll just went up by 50% today... I think it's probably a good time to stop letting media tell you lies and then using them to further other narratives.
Facebook Coronavirus 'Fact Checker' Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab  …
I believe this will happen globally. No trust in governments telling us the truth will likely be a factor in this. “Yes, go back to normal, everything is fine.” “Yeah, don’t believe you Wuhan's 11 million people are free to dine out. But they aren't  …
Unleashing the Contagion: @gen_jackkeane says President Xi knowingly let the Wuhan virus spread and  a world pandemic. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
New: US intel has been examining the Wuhan lab theory for months, said people briefed.  have been asking agencies if hard evidence exists to support it. So far, there is none. w/ ⁦ @QuintForgey⁩ ⁦ @dlippman⁩ ⁦  …
Very pleased to report that our JAMA paper on public health interventions with the epidemiology of the COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan based on analysis of 32,000+ lab-confirmed COVID-19 cases in Wuhan till Mar 8 appeared on April 10. See below for a summary.  …
Michigan Madness: @robertjeffress says it is lunacy for MI Gov. Whitmer to ban elective surgeries yet calls abortions “life-sustaining” during the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
"Guy Fieri's" new show 'Diners, Drive Ins and Wet Markets' brings us to the Wuhan wet market to try some delicious dishes. 
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab -  …
United States Tax Payers funded the Wuhan Bio Lab... Awake yet...
A Facebook fact checker who has 'debunked' articles suggesting that COVID-19 may have leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology has a giant conflict of interest; she worked at the institute.  #CoronavirusPandemic #WuhanVirus 
Chinese government has revealed that the death toll in Wuhan, the place of origin of the deadly Coronavirus, has witnessed a 50% spike from what was previously reported 
Finally, we have something to agree on. Bato cited the Wuhan couple who were first confirmed COVID-19 case[s] in the country... "Had that contact tracing been successfully done, maybe our present situation could not have been this worse." Dela Rosa  …
Major Drug Developments: @DrOz says remdesivir has proven to be effective against the Wuhan Virus and anti-viral drugs are a promising method for treating the sickest patients. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
China - wuhan virus WHO - useless Tedros - resign 
TOMORROW: What was really going on in the labs of Wuhan, China? Virus Hunter CJ Peters breaks down the Coronavirus in a must-see interview. Tune in to #FoxNews Saturday at 8PM 
The Liberals have increased funding to the WHO. and donated to the Wuhan Institute of Virology last month. They defend China and the WHO while Canadians suffer. And the opposition MPs? AWOL. Next election, vote for people that care about Canada. Vote PPC @MaximeBernier
China’s Deadly Lies: @gen_jackkeane says most nations will have to reassess their relationship with China after  regime lied about the spread of the Wuhan virus. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
If anyone needs more sauce that China has infiltrated the fabric of our lives: Facebook Coronavirus 'Fact Checker' Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab h/t Kathy R.  …
China revises total coronavirus death toll in Wuhan, increases by 50% @David_Culver 
Maybe the ppl who are worried that the country directly responsible for lying about the Wuhan virus, is the same one putting their new internet network in. Maybe they care. Idk just a thought.
The Chinese Communist Party’s Covid-19 narrative has been  & utter failure. The world is calling on it to provide more transparency on what really happened in Wuhan. We’d all like to see more transparency regarding the CCP’s dangerous nuclear weapons build up as well.
#BREAKING: The French virologist Luc Montagnier, who won the Nobel Prize for the discovery of HIV in 2008, believes that #COVID19 is not of natural origin & that it was developed in a laboratory in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak.  …
32 in Lagos? Lagos is now the Wuhan of Nigeria! 32 at once! It’s almost a month and things are getting worse God oh 
Key questions for a Congressional investigation of Trump admin’s handling of coronavirus: 1. What US intelligence was shared with Trump? 2. What efforts did Trump make to get US experts on the ground in Wuhan in January? 3. What early advice did Trump receive from US experts?  …
WHO: "Chinese authorities have informed @WHO that...a multisectoral team was estab'ed in late March to perform  review of #COVID19 data in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Following this, the total #of cases in Wuhan ^ed by 325 & the total #of deaths increased by 1290."
 party of China thinks its nuclear weapons testing may divert the world's attention from the epidemic in Wuhan ! 
11. If you torture the data hard enough, you can find a correlation between Covid-19 and: a. BCG b. MMR c. Bubble tea d. Malaria endemicity e. ABO blood group f. Religion g. Distance from Wuhan h. Warm weather i. 5G technology j. Ibuprofen k. Vitamin D.... (To be added)
China lied to @WHO about Wuhan #coronavirus @WHO was deceived to misled the world and this has cost the lives of thousands of people. China is evil and #ChinaMustExplain 
UNCLE RAMSES ASKED ME TO TWEET THIS OUT. He can’t tweet from the great beyond.... #ThisTooShallPass #Covid_19 #NoFear #Wuhan 
French virologist claims #coronavirus not of natural origin, developed in #Wuhan laboratory 
"US officials are 100 percent confident China went to great lengths to cover up after the virus was out, the sources said." US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  …
Attached the so-called warning letter from Taiwan. It was basically rephrasing what Wuhan authorities reported in Dec 31, 2019: Patients were quarantined, but obvious signs of human-to-human transmission were not yet found.  …  
I had a long business chat today with a bloke in South-East China. Asked him about the number of.dead in Wuhan - that some reports say 40,000 rather than the 2,000-3,000 reported by the Party. He said "Try around 100,000. That's what we Chinese think".
Liberal PM Trudeau refuses to criticize China for what it has done. Other world leaders are not so weak. China has faced criticism from world leaders, Trudeau sidesteps questions as China revises Wuhan’s COVID-19 death toll by 50%   …
Today, China admitted that the number of deaths in Wuhan is actually 50% higher than they previously stated. Media that takes China’s word on ANYTHING - @CNN & @MSNBC - is LYING to America.
Barely 3 months ago, the mere suggestion that coronavirus originated in a Wuhan biolab was branded “conspiracy theory”. Now it’s a mainstream possibility. It’s also the perfect example of why anyone claiming to have a monopoly on the truth is probably trying to sell you something 
Nestled in the hilly outskirts of Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus crisis, a Chinese high-security biosafety laboratory is now the subject of US claims it may be the cradle of the pandemic.  …
"Xiangguo Qiu — who was escorted out of the Winnipeg lab in July amid an RCMP investigation ... was invited to go to the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory ... she also met with collaborators in Beijing"  …
Coronavirus was identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province in CHINA not Wube Bereha, Ethiopia in AFRICA. If China wants to control pandemic they should start with controlling their own eating habit and wet market culture. Stop using Africans as scapegoats.  …
I personally know half a dozen small businesses on the brink of collapse. Our small businesses are failing because Pelosi refuses  back while she displays her life of luxury. May 15th will be too late! #WheresNancy #LetThemEatIceCream #COVID19 #Wuhan  …
Much attn today to the 50% increase in #COVID19 death reports from Wuhan, which Chinese authorities say reflects an undercount due to overwhelmed HCWers + ppl dying at home. Before you criticize them, note that we're having same problem in USA.  …
To no one’s surprise the city of Wuhan, where coronavirus originated,has raised its death total by 50% overnight and now is at 3869 raising the national total to more than 4600. Reason given for the inaccurate reporting is that people would die outside of hospitals & not reported 
The number of deaths worldwide linked to Covid-19 has reached 150,000, a Reuters tally shows. The first death occurred in the central Chinese city of Wuhan on 9 January.
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  …
Yes, it's fun to get out and yell and jump and carry banners about a fantasy, climate emergency, but when the real  along, the Wuhan virus, they run for the hills. Even the corrupt UN have forgotten all about Greta.  …
Increasingly, evidence is showing that this is the case: COVID 19 "is a manipulated virus that was accidentally released from a laboratory in Wuhan, China." @nytimes @CNN  …
More than 600 severe patients with #COVID19 in #Hubei province, over 500 of whom were from #Wuhan, have been treated with plasma transfusions and saw notable improvement, officials said on Friday.
WHO expert Maria Van Kerkhove said today that many countries will have to go back and update their data from Covid-19 like Wuhan. The cause of those discrepancies included an overwhelmed health system in an outbreak, makeshift hospitals and people dying at home etc
China has increased Wuhan’s death toll figure by nearly 1,300 amid ongoing criticism that the country downplayed the danger of a pandemic 
If #China does not voluntarily allow US, UK, & French investigators into #Wuhan, the Troix should move to restrict the movement of Chinese diplomats & assets worldwide. This coercive action is necessary to force transparency; all nations need true info to protect their citizens.  …
Ah yes, that well known "mental giant" Lady Gaga is now an medical authority on the Wuhan Virus. Maybe she can replace Dr Birx! 'Dr. Tedros, you're truly a superstar': Lady Gaga backs embattled WHO chief with star-laden aid concert 
"China’s authoritarian instinct to suppress bad news enabled the virus to explode in Wuhan in December, when it might have been contained by the free flow of information and a rapid emergency response."  
We will get to the bottom of this. Did the virus escape the lab? Question for me is what will we do about it? @realdonaldtrump US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  #FoxNews
NEW: Mike Pompeo is calling on China to allow them access to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. “We are still asking the Chinese Communist Party to allow experts to get in to that virology lab so that we can determine precisely where this virus began,” he said on FOX. (1/2)
Officials Bump Wuhan Death Toll Up By 50%  …
Okay Ladies and Gentlemen. Shall we? Topic: Ecommerce Products To Sell After Wuhan COVID-19 virus pandemic Thread continues below. 
Folks, the increased death toll in Wuhan is EXACTLY 50 percent. Well, 50.019387. (H/t @tculpan  …
"Prime Minister Justin Trudeau evaded questions about whether China had concealed the extent of the COVID-19 epidemic after the country revised the death toll by 50 percent in Wuhan, the city where the outbreak first emerged."  …
In January, while #COVID19 was sweeping across #China, @GovCanHealth told travellers: Wearing a mask in Wuhan "is not  @SheilaGunnReid debuts a NEW and EXCLUSIVE report at 4:30pm TODAY WATCH here:  #cdnpoli 
We already know the wuhan flu came from their lab n china Not sure why they're not just saying it already It was and is a planned event by china, NWO, globalists & willful bureaucrats and politicians in the US to take down Trump and the USA WAKE UP  …
. @DrButtar BLASTS Gates, Fauci Fauci/NIH awarded $3.7M to the Wuhan lab to carry out research on bats 2015 #CoronavirusPandemic Wuhan BioW lab #coronavirus HIV/Sars=BioW #COVID19 WHO/Fauci/CDC/NIH/CCP= #CrimesAgainstHumanity  …  
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  …
Patriots, pls do your own tweet using #WheresNancy Our small businesses are hurting & she refuses  back & DO HER JOB until 5/15! This may be too late! Help spread our frustration. I hope to see Twitter flooded w/your great #WheresNancy tweets #COVID19 HELP! #Wuhan
What's behind US claims that the novel #coronavirus may  from a maximum security laboratory in Wuhan, China?  
Subnational death tolls cumulatively: • Revised deaths in Wuhan shift its curve up to match London • NY curve tapering, but has passed Lombardy for world’s highest subnational death toll All charts:  
Subnational region daily deaths: • We’ve added 1,290 deaths in Wuhan • NY daily deaths peaking? (we’re excluding nursing homes for consistency) • London may have passed peak deaths • Texas added. Daily deaths trending up in many US states All charts:  
This is the tip of the iceberg people. Anything China says is a lie. China Raises Coronavirus Death Toll by 50% in Wuhan  …
#Gravitas | China has increased the death toll in Wuhan overnight by 50%, officials list 4 reasons for revising the numbers. But China has been accused of under-reporting the #COVID19 deaths. @palkisu tells you how China's figures are fudged and its story is riddled with 
China announced death count in Wuhan up 50%. Which is almost like doubling.  …
Coronavirus outbreak may have started as early as September, scientists say, and not in Wuhan. Earliest Wuhan cases were the later Type B virus, not the original Type A, found in Guangdong and America...  … #Covid_19 #Covid_19 #CoronavirusPandemic
It turns out keeping people inside and shutting down everything except mass transit might be the most counterproductive epidemiology strategy imaginable.  … #ChinaVirus #Wuhan #CoronavirusPandemic
I am glad that WHO experts gave a good explanation of Wuhan’s updated data and they believe many countries will have to do the same. It is sad to see some China haters jumping on this in smear campaign against China while it was ok to them for New York to do that days ago.
I wasn’t speculating. The  believes: 1. It was absolutely not a bio-weapon 2. There’s at high possibility that it escaped from a lab in Wuhan where it was being studied. I wouldn’t have made those claims without being pretty confident in my information. 
WHO expert Maria Van Kerkhov said today that many countries will have to go back and update their data from Covid-19 like Wuhan. The cause of those discrepancies included an overwhelmed health system in an outbreak, makeshift hospitals and people dying at home etc
Black people not being allowed to go into the mall in China because according to CCP propaganda, they are the cause of the Wuhan virus. Ministry of Love in full throttle. 
After a post-epidemic review, the China's Wuhan updated its coronavirus death total to include 1290 additional deaths—primarily those who died without hospital admission. For perspective, this is less than today's SINGLE DAY death total in the US of 1327!  …
HUGE: US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether #coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  #FoxNews
This week New York City revised its death total to include an additional 3800 deaths and China's Wuhan city revised its death total to include an additional 1290 deaths. Here is how Western media covers the same story, depending on if it's the US or China: 
The U.S. is conducting a full-scale investigation into whether the novel coronavirus, which went on to morph into a global pandemic that has brought the global economy to its knees, escaped from a lab in Wuhan  …
Up next Sheriff @BillWaybourn joins me to discuss pandemic policing and how their manner of dealing with Wuhan coronavirus outbreaks in jails should be the national model.  …
We want our wuhan virus survivor money from China. Pay 
In my opinion, Chinese authorities did not do themselves a favor by adding additional mortality numbers to the already quite fishy statistics about #Wuhan. It made things only worse.  …
US officials confirm full-scale investigation of whether coronavirus escaped from Wuhan lab  …
Report: China Quietly Keeping Residences Quarantined Despite ‘Reopening’ Wuhan 
Following a post-epidemic review, the Chinese city of Wuhan has updated its coronavirus death total to include 1290 additional deaths—primarily those who died at home without hospital admission. For perspective, this is less than today's SINGLE DAY death total in the US of 1327.  …
Did China Create the Wuhan Virus or #COVID19?
Famous #USA #Doctor #DrRashidButtar says #Fauci of #CDC #NIH should be Arrested he  CRIMES by PAYING 3.7 MILLION DOLLARS to #CCP #WUHAN #CHINA P4 Bioweapons lab "No Virus jumps 13 feet" "10's of Thousands of #Doctors know this is a FRAUD"  …
A new report from the University of Cambridge suggests that the coronavirus may have actually came from further south than Wuhan – and began spreading among humans as early as September 2019.  …
#UPDATE Criticism is mounting against China over its management of the #coronavirus outbreak, which has killed more than 145,000 people worldwide and hammered the global economy since it first emerged in the Chinese city of Wuhan  
Trudeau sidesteps questions as China revises Wuhan’s COVID-19 death toll by 50%  
And despite recent reports, there is no evidence that SARS-CoV-2 came from a lab in Wuhan or anywhere else.  …
The Wuhan Lab At Centre Of The COVID-19 Controversy  
Beacuse it's Wuhan Health Organization And 
UPDATE: Dr. Shi Zhengli Who Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan Had US Project Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER After the US research project was shut down, Dr. Shi continued her coronavirus research in Wuhan, China.  …
I've lost count of the days Boredom has struck me in many ways I counted the tiles on the floor And I've greased up every door The fan spins 82 times a minute Sometimes I take my hand and spin it I'm really getting the Wuhan blues But not bored enough to watch cable news
Amid international skepticism, China defends its official data after revising Wuhan death toll by 50 percent 
Taiwan releases the letter dt. 31st December 2019 to WHO warning about Wuhan Coronavirus !!!  …
A message from nurses #StayHome #staysafe #Covid_19 #Wuhan #TheCloneWars Which of them did it best?? TAG A 
This chart is a rolling average of #COVID19 deaths. You can see how some of these trajectories have flattened. -  down - Germany rising slightly, but levels much lower - US going up, up, up - Look at that Chinese line - those are the newly declared Wuhan deaths 
China is reportedly imposing more coronavirus quarantines in Wuhan despite lifting the lockdown and declaring the city virus-free. 
After @EpochTimes published the documentary “Tracking Down the Origin of Wuhan Coronavirus,” an “independent fact checker” on @Facebook marked the video as false. The fact checker says she is a scientist who works with the Wuhan Institute of Virology.  …
China revises Wuhan death toll upward by 50 percent  … For China, the only death toll that will have meaning is in Beijing.
The US imposed travel ban on China. And also withdrew all Americans from Wuhan. Yeah, everyone knew about the human-human transmission.  …
Coronavirus update: - US reported cases top 672,000 - Trump lays out proposal for “reopening” American economy - China revises its Wuhan death toll up by more than 1,200 - Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro fires health minister during pandemic  …
Nowadays it is extremely difficult to do  cover up. The trickled news tells us enough of the horrendous death dance that took place in Wuhan. People contemplate the death toll to be 25 times higher than what they have accepted. What is strange is  of WHO!
"U.S. intelligence officials are now investigating if the natural born novel #coronavirus was accidentally leaked from a lab in Wuhan, China, which was the original epicenter of the outbreak."  …
Coronavirus latest: • Death toll in Wuhan revised up 50% • UK social distancing and financial support extended • Germany says country’s coronavirus outbreak is now “controllable” • World’s biggest trial of drugs to treat covid-19 patients set up  
#Conflict #CoronaVirus #FactCheck Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles  …
*insert church lady “well isn’t that convenient” gif* Facebook Coronavirus 'Fact Checker' Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab  …
You can call #baloney or #conspiracytheory all you like but the 2008 Nobel Prize Winner for Medicine says #WuhanFlu WuhanFlu is man-made in Wuhan lab.  …  …
Nobody is going to credit the United States for China's revision of deaths in Wuhan? After weeks and weeks of pressure, accusations and back&forths. 1,200 deaths covered up just like that.
State Department cables warned of safety issues at Wuhan lab studying bat coronaviruses - The Washington Post  …
Here's my new interview with @VoiceToAmerica. Runs about 20 minutes and covers aspects of the Wuhan Virus and the New Depression. Also pivots to the potential for war with China as more  to light about the lab origin of the virus.  …
Coronavirus latest: Wuhan death toll jumps by 50%. Trump suspends @WHO funding. Global infections pass two 
The problem is, he says, the responding officers don't have the ability to test these cases for Wuhan virus or not, so it would have to be done later by Medical Examiners, EMTs, etc who are already overloaded. But that it's way more than he's ever seen
Facebook’s COVID-19 ‘Fact Checker’ Once Worked At Wuhan P4 Biolab; Labeling Articles on COVID-19 Originating in Wuhan P4 Lab as ‘False Info’ Conflict of interest or controlled misinformation? Check out my latest on  …
UPDATE: Dr. Shi Zhengli Who Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan Had US Project Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky - PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  … via @gatewaypundit
Breaking! Professor Luc Montagnier, winner of the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2008 for “discovering” HIV: the SARS-CoV-2 is a virus that was manipulated and accidentally released from a laboratory in Wuhan, China, in the last quarter of 2019. CCP is over! 
Bannon: Citizens of #Wuhan who lost loved ones to coronavirus will stand as jurors, represent all of humanity when Nuremberg-type trials of the  to pass #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus  
. @RaheemKassam: You know the revisions of #Wuhan numbers dead are still a massive understatement of what happened #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus  
Bannon: People in Wuhan told us that the #CCP has lied about everything The doubling of the number dead is just a drop in the bucket of their deceit #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus  
China admits Coronavirus death toll in Wuhan is at LEAST 50% higher than what they first reported. Interesting they announce this the day after Trump talks about re-opening the economy 
Wuhan officials have revised the city's coronavirus death toll up by 50%. Try 200-300% or more and maybe we’ll get closer to the truth. The regimes in China and Iran are in a race for the gold medal in coronavirus mendacity.  …
FIFTY PERCENT?? That’s not only a coverup, they need their Abacuses revoked. No one in their right mind believes a slip up of 50%!! C’mon!! China denies cover-up as Wuhan coronavirus deaths revised up 50%  …
If the Stanford study of Wuhan coronavirus infections in Norther California is accurate and reflective of infectivity nationwide, it could mean that the true mortality rate of the virus is around 0.1 percent, which is roughly equivalent to seasonal flu.  …
Covid-19 virus accidentally leaked by an intern at Wuhan lab: US media 
Was the #coronavirus made in biology lab in Wuhan; are lockdown rules not for VIPs? Watch #Newstrack with @RahulKanwal Full show:  
PELOSI and SCHIFF IGNORED CRIES FROM WUHAN and INSTEAD SOLD OUT AMERICANS for an investigation of UKRAINE and IMPEACHMENT COUP. PELOSI and SCHIFF have the BLOOD of AMERICANS on their HANDS, and they DON’T GIVE A DAMN. PELOSI, kiss my China Horseshoe Bat . #93 
DONNA WARREN Get this straight . The new official story is the BIO LAB located in Wuhan, CHINA at 666 Goaxin Road, which is owned in part by GEORGE SOROS, just happened to release #Coronavirus on the world ACCIDENTALLY and it is was in no way a BIO WEAPON or PLANNED. Got it.
BREAKING: Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles - Freedom News USA  …
Help me understand... Once China identified the virus, their government quarantined Wuhan... however, while Chinese officials closed the mainland of China, Wuhan citizens were still permitted to travel outside of the country to other nations (e.g. Africa, U.S., Europe, etc.)
A sew serological study from Stanford doctors suggests that the true population of Americans infected with the Wuhan coronavirus could be 50 to 85 times larger than what's been suggested thus far by coronavirus tests.  
No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now. He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 70 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio  …
WHO REALLY STARTED THE #Wuhan FLU? WHO IS PLAYING POLITICS AND DECEPTION WITH OUR LIVES? WHY? WHAT IS THEIR END GOAL? #WHO #DepopulationAgenda #ForcedVaccines #Agenda21 
China’s Wuhan Virus death toll numbers are quadruple what they’re reporting  …
On Jan. 23, China suddenly shut down every highway, airport & rail line in the Wuhan region, quarantining more than 50 million people in a step WHO called "unprecedented in public health history." At that point, all doubt was gone. China's earlier lies were exposed. We knew. 1/9
A doubling? You cannot even get the fact right? Only Wuhan has adjusted by 50%. New York adjusted too just days ago. Please focus on your job. No distraction.
Blacks in China are being harassed in their apartments & visiting malls as though COVID-19 begun in Wa, Ghana instead of Wuhan, China .... Africa must stand together & break-off diplomatic relations with People’s Republic of China for Republic of China (Taiwan).
President Trump @POTUS , Thank you for keeping us informed every day about COVID-19! I hope you  on this new Israeli study suggesting the Wuhan Virus has its own timeline, and how this data might speed the reopening of America? #MAGA 
Good Morning to everyone, except: The UN The WHO The DNC Wuhan & China Any Democrat politician Anyone who wants mail in ballots Anyone who is in this country illegally Anyone who ever votes Blue
BOOM. Senators Cotton and Crenshaw have introduced legislation to allow Americans to sue China for Wuhan virus damages.  … @TomCottonAR @RepDanCrenshaw 
Among 118 pregnant women with Covid-19 in Wuhan, China, the vast majority had a mild course of disease. #COVID19 #SARSCoV2
All are fed up with #disinformation & oppose it. Recently, some in the US made up another conspiracy theory & spread the disinfo about #COVID19's leaking from a Wuhan lab, aiming at escalating China-US tension. It's time for science, not disinfo, for cooperation, not smears.
UPDATE: Dr. Shi Zhengli Who Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan Had US Project Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky - PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  … via @gatewaypundit
Wuhan just raised its coronavirus death toll by 50% after what Chinese state media called “a city-wide investigation.”  
Sources believe coronavirus outbreak originated in Wuhan lab as part of China's efforts  with US  #FoxNews
The Wuhan Washington Post chiming in with some of that sweet sweet China propaganda:  …
Ottawa issued 656 visas to residents of Wuhan between January 1st, 2020 and February 2nd reports @SheilaGunnReid of @RebelNewsOnline #cdnpoli 
China's #Wuhan revises up total #coronavirus death toll by 1,290 — a 50 per cent increase!! Sure.....
Daily reminder that @JustinTrudeau gave $830K to the Wuhan lab suspected of starting this pandemic
Also, had a professor arrested for working with the Chinese government and illegally had a lab set up in Wuhan
PM asked about China/Wuhan death toll now 50% higher than China first reported. PM says his job is to keep Canadians safe, there will questions for "different countries" later
Wuhan's 11 million people are free to dine out. But they aren't 
Public transportation was shut down in Wuhan in January. New York could’ve done the same if Trump had taken the threat seriously, shared intelligence reports with Cuomo/de Blasio. Now New York would need to install mass sanitizers in stations, subways, require daily sanitizing.  …
Professor Luc Montagnier, discoverer of the HIV virus in 1983 and winner of the 2008 Nobel Prize for Medicine, claims that SARS-CoV-2 is a manipulated virus that was accidentally released from a laboratory in Wuhan, China.  …
Attended webinar on @CGTNOfficial with Dr Cao Bin, the leading frontline doctor from Wuhan China and also attended by doctors from Russia, USA, Egypt and Brazil. Must watch discussion for better understanding of #Covid_19  …
China acknowledged Friday that the coronavirus death toll in the one-time epicenter city of Wuhan was nearly 50% higher than reported. Thousands in many nations have died with COVID-19 symptoms without being tested. [via @ap 
Wuhan's coronavirus death toll rises by 50% after Chinese city revises original figures. Carry on calling them liars and it will rise by another 50% and so on and so on. 
US intelligence agencies alerted Israel to the coronavirus outbreak in China in November. According to Israeli news, US intelligence became aware of the disease in Wuhan in the second week of that month and drew up a classified document.  …
Important to note: This bump in the official Wuhan deathtoll figures is literally exactly 50 percent. Like, the previous figure times 1.5 equals the new figure. OK, well 3868.5, rounded up 
#AmericaWorksTogether Does anybody remember when they counted every death as a Corona Wuhan death? It’s funny now in every Republican controlled state they will make damn sure they categorize each death correctly so they can stay OPEN! #PhaseOneisOver #OUAA 
Another reason China is a poor model: few trust their numbers. In fact, today Wuhan authorities said they raised their previous estimate of the dead by 50%.
He said his numbers are based on the experience of Wuhan in China and surrounding province of Hubei, where the virus’ attack rate was about 0.1% of the population.
Since the discovery of the virus in December,  regime has taken extraordinary efforts to hide its origination and early spread. Today, Wuhan revised its death toll—which increased by 50%.
Bats, cute or otherwise, are not the problem.  is the problem. #coronavirus #Wuhan  …
Yes, the Wuhan death toll was raised by 50.0% ... LOL.  …
Coronavirus updates: Wuhan says death toll was around 50% higher than reported Trump unveils three-stage process to end shutdown Germany's outbreak 'manageable again' as infection rate falls  …
BREAKING: China has now admitted that the Death Toll in Wuhan was 50% Greater than Reported...
[VIDEO] Wuhan Government Revises Confirmed COVID-19 Cases By 325 To 50,333 #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #DemocratsHateAmericans #COVID19  …
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: +Wuhan death toll increased by 50% +China's first economic slump in 40 years +America registers its deadliest day +WION Ground reports from Afghanistan & Pakistan  …
82% of Brits say they don’t trust the reported Chinese coronavirus death numbers, after the People's Republic raised the Wuhan death toll by 50% this week  
We've learned so much since the pandemic outbreak. *Bring mfrg back to US *China cannot be trusted *WHO cannot be trusted *Trump has our back 100% *Pelosi wants to destroy US China Dramatically Raises Death Toll From Wuhan After Skepticism Over Body Count  …
China Dramatically Raises Death Toll From Wuhan After Skepticism Over Body Count  … via @gatewaypundit
Strange... Officals are telling me that if I don't get the Bill Gates "Tracking" posion Vaccine for the Wuhan Virus I could potentially kill people from flying germs. All I can say is try to put a "vaccine" into me people will definitely die from flying lead!
"US intelligence agencies alerted Israel to the coronavirus outbreak in China already in November...[they] became aware of the emerging disease in Wuhan in the 2nd week of that month...WH was reportedly NOT INTERESTED in the intel" The Times of Israel 4:16
Madhya Pradesh is paying a heavy price for the shenanigans of the BJP and the shamelessness of the Scindia scion in toppling the INC govt.Informed journalists are calling it the Wuhan of India
China just admitted that the death toll out of Wuhan was 50% higher than initially reported. Next, they should admit the real #of Muslims in their concentration camps.
Over 500 patients with novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19) have been treated by the #plasma of recovered cases so far in #Wuhan, local authorities said Friday. 
Wuhan abruptly increased its Covid-19 death toll to 50% higher than previously reported | @BISouthAfrica  
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus deaths by 50 percent, denies cover-up  
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseVirus #COVID19 China Just Admitted Coronavirus Death Toll In Wuhan Was 50% Higher Than Reported  …
There's been a lot of controversy over research into bat coronavirus at Wuhan Institute led by "Bat Woman" Shi Zhengli. A major funder was Fauci's NIAID award R01AI110964 "Understanding the risk of Bat Coronavirus Emergence". See award search  
Wuhan officials add 50% to official coronavirus death toll  …
After so many months, China suddenly finds 1290 more deaths in Wuhan alone caused by the Coronavirus. What do you think the actual toll in China was?
So  Corona virus didnt reach Beijing and Shanghai from nearby Wuhan but made it to Mumbai Delhi Rome Madrid London Paris Berlin New York Washington  no Chinese politicians got it but over here politicians and celebs are getting it
Now we have Macron and Trudeau involved in the Wuhan scandal. France Also was Involved with the Wuhan Coronavirus Facility and Awarded 'Bat Doctor' Shi a High Level French Civil Medal  … via @gatewaypundit
— BOMBSHELL — Trudeau Liberals "rubber-stamped" HUNDREDS of Canadian visas to Wuhan residents AFTER pandemic was in full force in #China WATCH  report by @SheilaGunnReid here:  #cdnpoli 
I’m going to be watching CTV when Trudeau’s presser this morning airs. I’m wondering if Sheila Gunn Reid, or Bob Fife will be there to ask Trudeau why he gave $828,000 to the Wuhan lab where the virus originated. Don’t hold your breath, Trudeau has total control of the press.
They're still lying! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaIsOurEnemy #ChinaMustPay China’s Coronavirus Epicenter Wuhan Sees Death Toll Leap by 50%  …
The guy who discovered HIV came out that COVID has HIV dna code inside it, which means that the Wuhan Lab was engineering a bioweapon that lost containment. What WHO is doing and all their associates amounts to attempted genocide.
On #Gravitas with @palkisu | 9 PM IST China has revised the death toll in Wuhan. It has increased by 50%. Did China under report its numbers? Watch LIVE:  
This is my shocked face Remember this is only for Wuhan Also remember China & Russia spreading disinformation & propaganda that COVID-19 came from our Military (it did not and China & Russia can go kick rocks)  …
Overnight, China raised the death toll in Wuhan by 50%. This should remove all doubt of the fact that #China is incorrectly reporting their case  …
China's coverup of the coronavirus—which we're now learning likely originated in a Wuhan lab, and not wet markets as they told us—is yet another item on a long list of lies from the Chinese Communist Party.
Let's start with the facts: On Jan. 21, the CDC confirmed a case of COVID-19 in the US from someone who had traveled from Wuhan, China, to the U.S. on Jan. 15  … On Jan. 30, the CDC confirmed person-to-person spread within the U.S.  
China: Wuhan revises coronavirus death toll up by 50 percent  
China admits Wuhan coronavirus death toll at least 50% higher than first reported  
China acknowledges that the coronavirus death toll in the one-time epicenter city of Wuhan was nearly 50% higher than reported. 
 China used a biological weapon to attack the free world. The Commies purposefully sealed off movement out of Wuhan to other parts  China, but made sure millions were able to infect the free world, including the US!
50% fatality increase in Wuhan reported in the last day. The #CCP is attempting to cover up their lies, but it’s not going to work. Congress needs to back the  …
Wuhan health officials raise death toll linked to COVID-19 by 50%  
Faced with mounting skepticism at home and abroad over its COVID-19 figures, China responds by increasing its Wuhan death toll by a neat 50%. Its chart illustrating that it crushed the curve also presents a neat flattening, unlike the uneven way South Korea reined in the virus.
For weeks, the Trump administration has accused China of covering up the scale of its coronavirus outbreak and extent of its deaths. Today, China has revised its official count, adding 1,300 coronavirus deaths in Wuhan. 
China denies coverup as it simultaneously ups the death count in Wuhan by 50%! The CCP is the laughing stock of the world. #CCPVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
If you think a naturally-occurring strain of COVID-19 just appeared in a Wuhan wet market and spread organically throughout the world, I have oceanfront property in Arizona I’d like to sell you.
Wuhan's revised numbers suddenly increase coronavirus deaths by 50% China’s underreported numbers still cannot be trusted! Nor can NY’s overinflated numbers based on presumed coronavirus deaths Bottom line is we’ll never have accurate reliable data  …
Serology testing from Wuhan indicates only 2-3% have antibody among 8,600 hospital workers and visitors, with much more testing in the works  … by @JNBPage (where there were >50,000 confirmed 
Keep it here for the latest #COVID19 updates from around the globe: ‣ Africa could see 300,000 deaths this year in best-case scenario, UN report says ‣ China revises Wuhan death toll, marking a 50% increase ‣ UK records 847 new deaths  …
#China now admits that the death toll in #Wuhan was 50% higher than previously reported, but deny that it was a coverup. The #CCP’s long history of censorship & lies, starting with Mao, begs the question: why would anyone believe a word out of #Beijing?  …
Trump was told -- repeatedly -- that there was an outbreak in Wuhan that had the potential to  a pandemic.   …
SO CHINA LIED Wuhan's #coronavirus death tolls increase after China REVISES their numbers Blaming early stages of, residents dying at home, emergency services focused on treating victims than logging reports P_L_E_A_S_E it was little over 1,000 more  …
Michigan padding Wuhan virus numbers like NY did This is why the people are rebelling Whitmer! Times up, Trumps opening the economy with or without you-you can own what you're doing to Michiganders @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
Officials in Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus was first reported late last year, on Friday added 1,290 coronavirus deaths to the city's toll. They also added 325 confirmed cases to the city tally. 
NO DOUBT WE ARE GOING TO WIN THE BATTLE AGAINST CHINA’S PURPOSELY INFLICTED WUHAN FLU Chicago hosp treating severe Covid-19 patients w antiviral Remdesivir is seeing rapid recoveries in fever and respiratory symptoms, with nearly all patients discharged in less than a wk
FUZZY MATH: Beijing Raises Wuhan Death Toll 50% Over Growing Backlash of Potential Cover-Up 
BREAKING: Professor Luc Montagnier, Nobel Prize winner and man who discovered the HIV virus back in 1983, claims that COVID-19 is an engineered virus that was accidentally released from a laboratory in Wuhan, China.  …
Lawmakers introduce bill that would let Americans sue China over 'Wuhan Virus'  
China raised its coronavirus death toll in Wuhan by a whopping **50 percent** today, amid widespread criticism and accusations that Beijing had long been concealing the extent of the outbreak. @amyyqin  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST:  — U.S. death toll surpasses 33,000; global death toll tops 146,000. — China increases Wuhan death toll by 50%. — Illinois has deadliest day since pandemic began. — Michigan governor critiques Trump's guidelines to reopen economy.
Easily explainable. There’s a shortage of new Buttigieg parts since a lot of Buttigieg was constructed in Wuhan. Don’t worry China  back online.  …
They buried the lede. U.S. Intelligence knew of the threat in Wuhan in November and informed the Trump administration "which did not deem it of interest." For context: U. S. Death toll exceeds 34,000.  …
From @joe_warmington: Canada funding #COVID19 research tied to Wuhan virus lab  
Want to give a shout out to #wuhan #china considering that this is #BatAppreciationDay. Take in this beautiful Griffin's Leaf-Nosed 
> Original official Wuhan death toll: 2,579 Add exactly 50%: 3,868.5 Round up to nearest integer: *3,869* Which just happens to be the... > Updated official Wuhan death toll: *3,869* They're not even trying to lie effectively.
The total number of #coronavirus deaths in Wuhan has been revised up by 1,290 - a 50% increase 
Wuhan's coronavirus death tolls increases by 50% after China revises numbers #jtnreports 
It was on China’s state media that researchers from Wuhan was studying bats. This is exactly what @tedcruz was asking about last night on @seanhannity. @MariaBartiromo Full video.  
Officials in Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus was first reported late last year, on Friday added 1,290 coronavirus deaths to the city's toll. They also added 325 confirmed cases to the city tally. 
Real percentage will still be higher tho. China just admitted Coronavirus death toll in Wuhan was 50% higher than reported.  …
Communist Cover-up Chinese epicenter Wuhan raises number of virus dead by about 50 percent  …
VIDEO: China's coronavirus ground-zero city of Wuhan on Friday abruptly raised its death toll by 50 percent 
Australia confronted the World Health Organization over claims it supports so-called wet markets reopening in the Chinese city of Wuhan. 
There is nothing wrong  but when you fail, you should confess. China lied and covered up at the expense of untold deaths. SAD. Sources believe coronavirus outbreak originated in Wuhan lab as part of China's efforts  with US  …
Over 140K people have lost their lives around the world because of the #CoronavirusPandemic. If China had not deliberately covered up the initial outbreak in Wuhan, we could have prevented the vast majority of those deaths. 
Wonder what's going to happen today? What will Trudeau say and what will he do? We found out yesterday he gave $830K to the Wuhan lab which now appears to be ground zero. Will our bought and paid for media ask him about it? Stay tuned. #trudeaumustgo
Here’s a #Facebook #FactChecker That Worked at A #WuhanBiolab #Zuck underestimates #truthseekers & right now that a good thing #Wuhan #CoronaVirus #COVID19  …
I seriously doubt the validity of China’s new coronavirus totals. Be that as it may, America and the world needs to continue to pressure China  forward with truths. Chinese epicenter Wuhan raises number of virus dead by about 50 percent  …
Warning - our data sucks - The death toll in Wuhan, in China, has been revised up by 50 percent after widespread criticism, though officials offered several reasons for the revision, including at-home deaths that weren’t included in earlier statistics. Same here w/ our data. 
China raised its coronavirus death toll by 50 percent in Wuhan amid accusations that the government had concealed the extent of the epidemic. “They are on the defensive, clearly...It’s an uphill battle now for China to improve its image.”  …
#Coronavirus killed tens of thousands in #Wuhan. The exact count will never be known due to the chaos of the early weeks of the epidemic, but the official number is way off due to falsification. Expect more "revisions" as residents demand a true accounting.  …
Lead researcher at Wuhan virus lab warned of SARS-like outbreaks a year before COVID-19 hit 
China denies cover-up as Wuhan coronavirus deaths revised up 50%  …
Coronavirus: Wuhan’s Death Toll Rises To 3,869  
China raises coronavirus death toll in Wuhan by 50%  …
And now you know why the Minister of Health was so adamant last week that the virus wasn’t accidentally spread by the Wuhan virus lab & that it was Internet misinformation. I’m sure the CDN media will be all over this ridiculous decision, right?  …
Hi @vijaya. Now that it's been proven by the US gov't and intelligence agencies from around the world that @ZeroHedge was right to talk about the Virus Labs in Wuhan, China, are you going  the media institution? Your ban caused damages. Make peace.
APRIL 17: Richard Engel here, with the #Coronavirus headlines I'm following today. China revises the death toll for Wuhan, the virus’ epicenter. Meanwhile, in Europe, the UK extends its lockdown by 3 weeks, and Denmark gradually opens up shops and the courts. 
From @TheLancet Jan24 publication below: #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 Patient 0 in China had NO epidemiological link to later cases. Patient 0 and several other pts had NO link to Wuhan market The Lancet is one of world’s oldest and leading medical journals #COVID19Ontario  …
After being accused of lying about the number of coronavirus deaths in Wuhan, Chinese authorities release a new, higher number. Exactly 50% higher. Could their bureaucrats be so inept at fudging numbers, or is a clever one trying to send us a message?  …
FLASH: China's Wuhan has now officially revised their coronavirus death toll up to 3,869 from 2,579. They now admit some calculation errors. Little by little, everyone will see that China lied.
Evidence SARS-CoV-2 Emerged From a Biological Laboratory in Wuhan, China Published April 16, 2020. 
It is extremely difficult to believe China’s numbers. Wuhan has 11 million people in a affected Hubei province of near 60 million. With what we now about this virus, it doesn’t add up.  …
As America awakes on another Wuhan Virus Friday we brew our first cuppa Joe and await, with pregnant anticipation, the first words of immense wisdom  from our Hollywood Royal Alyssa Milano. What anticipatory Joy! @Alyssa_Milano
The coronavirus death toll for Wuhan was 50% higher than previously reported, Chinese officials admitted. 
"The city of Wuhan - where coronavirus pandemic first started - raised its death toll by 50%." - BBC How can over 1,200 people die in one city and that number was missing, until yesterday. SMH!
China raised Wuhan's #COVID19 death toll by 50% — reporting 1,290 more deaths, as the government faces international criticism over its transparency. It says they include people who died at home or were missed by "overloaded" hospitals during early 
Wuhan’s #COVID19 death toll jumped by 1,290 to 3,869 after review 
Previous Wuhan death toll = 2579 "Revised" Wuhan death toll = 3869 2579 x 150% = 3868.5 That mean the new figure is increased by EXACTLY 50% (after rounding up to the nearest number) If in #China people can die in halves, I'm pretty sure the revised death toll would be  …
So, Bill Gates is unhappy that halted our funding for the WHO, after they promoted CCP propaganda & aided China’s Wuhan cover-up. funds $400 MILLION/yr to WHO Gates is worth $103 BILLION He could personally fund the U.S. share for 257 years!
#China revises its official #COVID19 death toll, raising the number by more than 1/3. #Wuhan added 325 #coronavirus cases & 1,290 deaths; totaling 50,333 cases & 3,869 deaths, a 50% increase in deaths. These numbers are still FAR less than actual.  …
Why did the CCP not ground international flights from Wuhan in November 2019?  …
Donald Trump announces that the USA is suspending funding for the WHO. A big part of  were that the WHO was too China Centric. A couple of days later China uncovers and announce a large number of previously unreported deaths in Wuhan. Coincidence?
Virus update: • China says virus death toll in Wuhan 50% higher. • Trump presents gradual plan to reopen the economy. • Africa could see 300,000 virus deaths this year. • Pro-Trump protesters push back on stay-at-home orders. Follow all @AP 
Authorities in Wuhan, China, have revised up the death toll by 50%, putting total fatalities at 3,869  …
This morning China revised the #coronavirus death toll in #Wuhan upwards by a huge 50%. Also this morning, China’s foreign ministry spokesman @zlj517 said: “There was no cover up, China does not allow cover  …
If Xi Jinping is so proud of China's response to the coronavirus, why are his censors working overtime? Could it be that unmentionable censorship of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us in December, gaving the virus three disastrous weeks to go global?  
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus deaths by nearly 1,300, denies cover-up  
The Wuhan Lab should sue Fox News for defamation.  …
Live updates: Coronavirus crushes China’s economy as Wuhan death toll is revised higher; Trump tells governors, ‘call your own shots’  …
Coronavirus: China outbreak city Wuhan raises death toll by 50%  …
That Jan. 14 tweet from WHO's Tedros was so bad... "China’s initial coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan spread twice as fast as we thought, new study suggests" Covid-19 twice as contagious as previously thought, study finds  … via @scmpnews #WarRoomPandemic
Well, well, well: After repeatedly defending the accuracy of their data, Chinese officials revise the coronavirus death toll in Wuhan to 3,869, 50% higher than previously reported  … via @WSJ
Wuhan has revised upwards the numbers of confirmed coronavirus cases and deaths in the city — raising its death toll by 50%, state media reports. 
Wuhan health officials raise death toll linked to COVID-19 by 50%  
Never thought of it that way. But it makes sense. The tragedy of Madhya Pradesh: the Wuhan of India.  …
China’s Wuhan abruptly raises number of virus dead to 3,869, an increase of 50% It's almost like China lied!  …
While factories around Wuhan are working around the clock to get back up to speed, the recovery of consumer-focused businesses such as restaurants won’t be so straightforward  …
The origin city of the COVID-19 pandemic has hiked its official death count from the respiratory illness by 50%. Officials in Wuhan, China say many victims weren’t counted in the chaos. They now say coronavirus killed 3,869 of the city's 11 million people. 
It has been established: China has been lying for months #China knew, allowed & spread #Coronavirus worldwide #Wuhan lab modified virus making it more lethal Patient zero disappeared Those that warned the  died #WHO knew & has been covering for 
Wuhan raises coronavirus death count by 1,300 
Italian people singing is real and authentic Wuhan people singing is propaganda UK NHS workers dancing is inspirational Chinese medical workers dancing is propaganda
From AP Morning Wire: • Trump sets out road map to reopening economy. • No exit for poorer nations caught up in pandemic. • China’s Wuhan raises number of virus dead by 1,290. • Anxiety remains high 25 years after Oklahoma City bombing. SIGN UP:  
Huang was a graduate researcher at the Wuhan institute of Virology from 2015,Huang worked in the team of Bat Women. Huang was THE PATIENT ZERO Huang’s has disappeared from November 2019. Is she alive or dead? Only Communist Party of China (CCP) can answer. 
A study in Wuhan found severely ill covid-19 patients treated with convalescent plasma did significantly better than patients who had not been 
Coronavirus: China's Wuhan city revises up death toll by 1,290 - a 50% increase  …
Daughter doesn't recognize mother back from treating patients in #Wuhan #COVID19 
????? Ottawa funds COVID-19 research project that is collaborating with Wuhan virus lab /via  …
Chinese authorities said at least 50% more people had died from #coronavirus in Wuhan - the epicenter of the pandemic - than previously disclosed. But China has denied allegations of a cover-up. 
China's covid-19 death toll increases to 4,636 after Wuhan revised its deaths, adding 1,290 (50%) more fatalities #CoronaVirusUpdate  … via @kamlinks_
#China must have the #vaccine something isn't right about only #Wuhan & not #Beijing or the rest of China getting this #ChinaVirus #Covid_19 should be all over China like it is all over rest of the world #coronavirus is a #BioWeapon or #China has a #Vaccine 
After repeatedly defending the accuracy of their data, Chinese officials revise the coronavirus death toll in Wuhan to 3,869, 50% higher than previously reported 
Good morning twitter friends The insanity never ends I still know no one with the Wuhan flu But I know many singing the blues Times are tough but it wont break my spirit As for the virus, I wont fear it Be safe be smart Lead with ur brain, follow ur heart
‘I believe death toll is higher’: Wuhan residents want answers after lockdown  … "In Italy they published profiles of many of the dead in the newspapers. But China wouldn't do it, it might even hide the real numbers."
Terrible that Fox News (and the White House!) are giving Phil and Oz a platform, but also worth remembering that Oprah's show was basically the Wuhan wet market of this particular pandemic of prats.  …
Chinese mainland reports 82,692 overall confirmed COVID-19 cases as Wuhan revises figures  
China has now reluctantly announced a higher death toll than originally reported. Wuhan alone has revised its death toll from 1,290 to 3,869 - an increase of 50%. They've also now publicly denied any cover-up. That denial  & utter bollocks.
UNBELIEVABLE! George W. Bush Center PUSHES More Globalization As The Answer To Wuhan Virus Crisis Wake Up People! Clintons, Bushes & Obama's Are What Got Us Into This Mess & Ran Havoc On Our Working & Middle Class Americans Trump Saved The Day!  
Coronavirus updates: Global COVID-19 deaths soar as China hikes Wuhan toll  
#CORONAVIRUS update 4/17/2020: *Wuhan, China, official death toll is revised upwards from 2,579 to 3,869. *China foreign ministry denies cover-up. *World's biggest trial of Covid-19 drugs starts in UK, involving 5,000 patients. *Global deaths pass 145,000.  
Wuhan officials today revised the city's official coronavirus death toll up by 50%, from 1290 to 3869. Now just add a couple of zeros at the end, and I’ll believe them. China lied and people died.
Coronavirus map LIVE: China sees death toll rocket – Wuhan total suddenly jumps by 1,000 More Like 10,000!  …
Beijing & Shanghai haven’t had the virus next door to Wuhan but my friend has died from it in stockport england?? But the media won’t allow China our enemy to be put in bad light saying it’s racist to do so Well done to @realDonaldTrump for standing up for the western 
China's Wuhan hiked its death toll from the coronavirus by 50% on Friday bringing the total to 3,869, state TV reported 
Wuhan in China, "suddenly" discovered that it had missed out nearly 50% of the death figures. They added 1,290 deaths to the tally in Wuhan, taking the total deaths to 3,869. Will anyone believe that the epicenter and origin of #COVID19 could "miss" 50% of deaths for months??
China's Wuhan revises covid19 death toll up by 50%. China says 1,290 more people died than previously recorded. The total number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Wuhan was also revised upwards to 50,333. Moi: Add 10,000 more to that... China and Lying. #Covid19
Wuhan officials have revised the city's coronavirus death toll up by 50%  …
Imagine the Free World’s Shock... Covid19 death toll jumped by 50% - 1,290 to 3,869 in Wuhan, after the  regime “revised” numbers. PS: A lot more “revised” numbers till the Chinese people & the world get the truth. 
How Facebook is carrying water for the Chinese government and suppressing any examination of whether COVID-19 actually escaped from a Wuhan 
#Wuhan lightens Yangtze River to say thank you to those from across the country who had helped #Hubei Province during the #COVID19 outbreak more:  
BREAKING - China denies cover-up after Wuhan's Covid-19 death toll is revised up by 50%  
I’ve just returned to Beijing from Wuhan and here’s the  
So Wuhan revised its death toll and increased it by 50%
Not only are the Wuhan numbers top of the BBC website right now, the UK also revises its death numbers on a delay, the last of which revisions was an increase of... 48%. That revision is not included on the govt charts in the daily briefing.  …
The death toll from the coronavirus jumped by 1,290 to 3,869 in Wuhan, the original center of the pandemic, after authorities in the Chinese city announced revised numbers 
China upping their death toll figures by 50% in Wuhan. Imagine it will still be far higher. Good to see more and more MPs questioning what is going on. Gov needs to stop using their figures as a point 
#Wuhan's revised #COVID19 death toll is based on a thorough check, showing government credibility and respect for lost lives, Chinese FM spokesperson Zhao Lijian @zlj517 told a press conference Friday, adding China never allows cover-up and revision is an international 
China's Wuhan city revises up total coronavirus death toll by 1,290  
Key takeaways: 1) US Intelligence was “operating” in Wuhan in NOVEMBER. 2) US intelligence warned Israel in NOVEMBER. 3) Doctors in Wuhan didn’t discover the virus until DECEMBER. Implications => #TrumpVirus #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
The Chinese Communist Party’s propaganda "is limited by the simple fact that too many people know about...its [disastrous] efforts to suppress information and silence many of the doctors who first warned of the emergence of a dangerous new virus" in Wuhan.  
African homes in #Guangzhou are being attacked by racist Chinese who blame the African's for spreading the #Coronavirus that originated from Wuhan. 
Tout s'explique #Wuhan 
"Hang in there #Wuhan, hang in there China” Chinese state media released a music video called “Peaceful Greetings” to mark the end of the #coronavirus epicenter’s 76-day 
Mission  Over 4,000 military medical workers leave #Wuhan 
Follow our live blog for all the latest updates on the #coronavirus pandemic: UK extends lockdown Wuhan death toll revised by 50 per cent Matt Hancock to face grilling from MPs Click the link to find out more  …
Significantly more people died of COVD19 in Wuhan than previously reported, it is now reported. But is this the full story? Doubts are likely to remain.  …
Based on newly revised numbers of #COVID19 confirmed cases and deaths in #Wuhan, the latest Chinese mainland tally shows (as of Thursday midnight): - Confirmed cases: 82,692 - Fatalities: 4,632 
BREAKING China says there “has never been a cover up” after revising upwards the number of #coronavirus deaths in Wuhan by 50%. The deaths rose by over 1,300 from 2,579 to 3,869 because of a “statistical verification to ensure accuracy”. It takes China’s #COVID19 toll to 4,632.
Wuhan death toll rises 50% in one day as China starts reporting non-hospital deaths  …
The Chinese city of Wuhan has revised its #coronavirus-related death toll from 2,579 to 
More to be added? China increases its official death toll in Wuhan from Coronavirus by 50%  …
China raise its death toll from Coronavirus by 1,290 upon reviewing the data at the height of the epidemic in Wuhan. This will be repeated in every country affected by Coronavirus. In most cases it will be people who died at home & in care homes. UK missed 2,000 last week for eg
At least 50% more people died in China’s #COVID19 epicenter of Wuhan than previously counted: +1,290, but case count only +325. Official say it was due to undercounting errors during chaos in the epicenter.  …
Before it became known as the epicenter of a deadly virus, Wuhan was the sight of Paul Lee's biggest career moment, writes @gerardmos. Remember this play?  … via @SpinPh
“We were here to see how the city emerges from lockdown.” From people in full protective gear to those who feel Wuhan is the safest place to be, @sharonchenhm spent 10 days in the city where the #coronavirus pandemic emerged 
China have revised the death count from #wuhan by 50%, from 2,579 to 3,869. I don't believe either of those figures, nor the figures for the rest of China. The virus spreads across the planet like wildfire yet China contain it mostly to one city? Hmmm
China's coronavirus ground-zero city of Wuhan admits missteps in counting its death toll  @AFP's Hector Retamal photographs health workers with an elderly man who died on a street near a hospital in Wuhan on January 30, 2020 
Pentagon official throws cold water on right wingers’ ‘Wuhan lab’ bioweapon conspiracy theory  …
Look at all that CCTV at the Wuhan lab. C'mon now @NSAGov 
Life is slowly returning to Wuhan The uncles and aunties are back out dancing on the streets. Let’s hope we soon will see similar scenes from Milan , New York and the rest of the World! 
China has revised figures for the number of dead from #Covid_19 in the city of Wuhan - by 50%! Questions have been raised about the accuracy of the figures Chinese authorities have released so far - what else do we not know? #702Breakfast
 This got under my skin. The son of a turd was told as far back as November that there was a virus spreading in Wuhan, China but he ignored it. Not only that but he has the effrontery to lie on live TV. When are we going to hold him accountable!
Ouch. Wuhan, the city where COVID-19 first appeared, revises their death toll +50% to account for people who died at home and misplaced records. New case-fatality rate in Wuhan, 7.7%  … Even with revisions, one should probably be skeptical of these numbers.
China has revised its official count of deaths from the coronavirus, adding some 1,290 deaths in Wuhan, the city where the virus first emerged last December 
Huge Did Wuhan Institute create this pathogen through gain of function technology and did it escape the lab before treatments and a vaccine could be created. This is what I've always suspected. The CCP lied to the world and used the WHO to shield them. 
1/3 The closest type of COVID-19 to that discovered in bats – type ‘A’, the “original human virus genome” – was present in Wuhan, but not the city’s predominant virus. Versions of ‘A’ were seen in Chinese individuals, & Americans 
This is the country the world expects transparency from in the #Covid19 fight: Amid sustained skepticism of its data, China has revised its official Coronavirus death count, adding 1,290 fatalities from Wuhan, boosting nationwide death toll by 39%  …
Wuhan suddenly increases coronavirus death toll by 50 percent  
Chinese authorities have revised upward by 50 percent the death toll in Wuhan. Are the new numbers the real ones now? No one knows. Because China's regime engages in massive censorship & allows no free media. Authoritarianism is bad for our health 
So China have revised up Wuhan death toll by 50%. This is a minor concession by the CCP, an attempt to show what an honest actor they are, no one is buying it. Also China's economy has suffered its worst Q1 performance in decades.  …
lf you only read three stories... UK lockdown extended for at least three more weeks  China's Wuhan city revises up death toll by 1,290  UK investigates whether #COVID19 started in Chinese lab  
When I visited Wuhan in 2019 along with @emiliebmaret, we were told the city has 1 million (mostly very small) restaurants. You could see them all along the crowded streets. This must be a disaster for the local  …
Graveyards are working over time in Indore. People o talk to in MP say it's India's Wuhan. The state doesn't have a functioning govt. We need more people covering Madhya Pradesh.  …
*Entirely imagined* convo between Beijing official and Wuhan official: "People are saying the 2,579 number is too low.” "Shall we increase it?" "About 50%. Make it look believable.” “Okay." 2,579 + 50% = 3,868.5 Beijing official sees the news: Wuhan toll revised up to 3,869 
China's Wuhan sharply revises its #coronavirus death toll by 1,290 to a total of 3,869  
China revises Wuhan’s Covid-19 death toll with a 50 percent rise  
#CCP lies about the death toll in #Wuhan have  too ludicrous to maintain Revising numbers upwards allows #China to establish a more plausible lie while feigning transparency Those saying “haha I told you so” are feeding directly into #Beijing’s narrative Don’t be  …
Friday briefing: China admits Wuhan death toll 50% higher  …
China revised its death toll today, adding 1,290 more deaths from Wuhan. That is a near 40% from its originally reported death toll. Why did it take weeks to do this? Would the World have been more alert if these were released on time? How many more numbers are they hiding?
The death toll from coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan has been raised by 50%  …
‘Wet markets have reopened in Wuhan despite being suspected source of source of #coronavirus pandemic’ #r4today - This needs a global response permanently banning this disgusting trade.
China economy shrinks for first time as Wuhan Covid-19 death toll is increased by 1,300  …
China requested supply of Remdesivir from Gilead in January.  China (Wuhan Inst of Virology) copied the drug and applied for a patent. US firm offers help, and China steals its intellectual property.  …
American news sources are reporting that Canada, as recently as last month, provided funding to the Wuhan lab responsible for covid-19. Let’s see if we hear about THIS on Canadian MSM. @globalnews @CTV @CTVNationalNews @CTVToronto @CBCAlerts 
There is good and bad news in the initial test results—for Wuhan and for other hard-hit places around the world 
Wuhan has added another 1,290 fatalities to its official death count, South Korea suffered its worst monthly job losses in more than a decade and the Beijing-based AIIB doubled its virus funding to $10bn. Follow our live coverage here:  …
#Wuhan in #China the ground zero of of #coronavirus has now suddenly raised its death toll by 50% to a total of 3,869, saying many cases were missed! Total #COVID19 deaths now rise to 4632 in #China. It also reiterated the long held belief that #China was fudging the numbers!
China raises Wuhan's coronavirus death toll by FIFTY per cent to 3,869  
#BREAKING : #China revises the death toll of #Wuhan to 3,869.. And the total #China #Coronavirus death toll goes up to 4,632.. An increase of ~1,300.. #CoronavirusChina
My walk & talk from downtown #Wuhan 
The minute China found out about their leaked Corona Virus, they banned all Domestic travel from Wuhan but didn't ban International travel to Wuhan !!!! These Mother F*ckers purposely f*cked us ! They need to pay for this !!! Do you agree?
 … 106 year old British woman fights off Wuhan Virus
GAME CHANGER BREAKING NEWS: "The death toll in Wuhan, the epicenter of the #COVID19 outbreak in China, has been revised up by 50%. The move followed criticism of the accuracy of China’s data, though officials gave several reasons for the discrepancy..." 
The central Chinese city of Wuhan has raised its number of COVID-19 fatalities by 1,290. State media says the undercount had been due to the insufficient admission capabilities at overwhelmed medical facilities at the peak of the outbreak. 
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied —-> This upward revision of death toll is still way underreported ——> China's Wuhan Raises COVID-19 Death Toll By 50%, Admits To Missed Cases  …
Can’t believe coronavirus actully started when an lab intern in Wuhan went to a wet market and ate a 5G tower
Top Pentagon official throws cold water on right wingers’ ‘Wuhan lab’ bioweapon conspiracy theory  …
China's Wuhan city revises up total coronavirus death toll by 1,290  
On January 14, Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove noted in a press briefing there was human-to-human coronavirus transmission, which WHO reiterated after a trip to Wuhan on January 20. So why didn’t the Trump White House issue a nationwide alert, advise use of masks, start rolling out tests?  …
And they need to airlift all the Chinese out of Akebulan and deport them all back to Wuhan! Drop em off right at the laboratory. 
Wow. A Facebook “fact checker” flagging content on coronavirus originating in the level-4 bioresearch lab in Wuhan...wait for it...recently collaborated in 9 publications with that lab. The conflicts of interest in fact checkers is unbelievable. #fakecheckers #FreeZeroHedge
Chinese state media report the Covid death toll in Wuhan, where outbreak began, revised upwards by 50%, from 2,579 to 3,869. Many local folk think that’s still an underestimation.
Wuhan suddenly revises death toll up 50% - because China's death toll looked increasingly bogus vis-a-vis other nations?  …
Wuhan’s Life After Lockdown: will this be a universal experience? or will the impact of local policy and culture = different   …
Q: What two world leaders were being embarrassed on the world stage by weekly protests that had been going on for months and months and months? A: The same two leaders whose Countries owned the Wuhan lab. 
What the hell is the matter with you, Justin Trudeau, sending research money to #Wuhan laboratory in enemy #China when you should have sent the money to our Winnipeg lab? Helping Canadians. Canadian jobs. You’re the biggest failure Canada has ever had. #cndpoli
That’s.... that’s... a freaking HUUUUGGGEEE #COVID19 mortality upward revision for Wuhan. But are they do fixing the numbers?  …
If it’s confirmed that the coronavirus originated from the Wuhan Institute of Virology and the Chinese government covered it up, bribed the WHO, and continued to allow outbound international flights from China for months— how would that not constitute an act of war?
Wuhan, China's coronavirus ground-zero, has abruptly raised its death toll by 50% to a total of 3,869, admitting many cases were "mistakenly reported" or missed. | 
NEW: China has revised its coronavirus death toll, adding 1,290 deaths in Wuhan. Raising the country's total to 4,636.
Coronavirus: Peter Dutton ‘demands answers’ of China over virus origins lending weight to US claims it may have escaped from a lab testing bats into the Wuhan wet markets  …
Coronavirus: China's Wuhan city revises up death toll by 1,290 - a 50% increase  …
Another joke. After their "adjustment", #Wuhan's death toll spiked by 50%. #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina #Coronavirustruth #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronaVirusChallenge  …
FEBRUARY Me: It makes more sense this virus came from a Wuhan lab 2 miles down the road to the wet market. Media: Far-right conspiracy theories. APRIL Media: “BreAkInG nEWs“ it looks like the virus came from a Wuhan lab 2 miles down the road to the wet market. You’re 
So Wuhan casually increasing its COVID-19 death toll by 50% tonight also increased its reported mortality rate to nearly 8%. Cool cool cool.
A Facebook fact checker who has 'debunked' articles suggesting that COVID-19 may have leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) literally worked at the institute  …
LAB LEAK? Sources Tell Fox News Coronavirus Could Have Escaped Chinese Laboratory in Wuhan 
We MUST MAKE CHINA’s Communist Government PAY for the misery they have brought to the world. The lies,coverup, propaganda, and then the intentional allowance of flights leaving Wuhan internationally after xi shut travel down domestically... #MakeChinaPay  …
China’s Wuhan death toll spikes by 50% as authorities report 1,290 ‘delayed & omitted’ fatalities 
#UPDATE Wuhan raises COVID-19 death toll by 1,290, up 50%: Chinese government 
My dad runs  in Wuhan and during the entire 76 days of lockdown he didn’t lay off a single employee and paid salaries as usual. Asked him why and he said he’s just taking his fair share of responsibility for a society in crisis. Super proud of him.
BREAKING: Wuhan coronavirus death toll revised upwards by 50%  
The Coronavirus epicenter, Wuhan where the bio-lab with all the viruses was located has added 50% to their deaths. China now claims only 3,869 dead in the city of Wuhan from Covid-19. Screenshot is from a deleted tweet you can see them bragging about having 1,500 strains of virus  – at The White House
NEW: Wuhan revises #coronavirus infection and death tolls up. Reported* cases: 50,333 from 50,008 (+325) Deaths: 3,869 from 2,579 (+1290) Government outlines four reasons (see below via @GoogleTranslate.) Here’s the link:  … @CBSNews is here. 
Breaking News China revises Wuhan coronavirus death toll to 3,869 from 2,579. Not sure what's motivating this but maybe greater international scrutiny. Some will be placated by this news others will say its still probably way too low. Put me on the latter camp. #JustSaying
Nice try. But it's a sign that China realizes that the rest of the world is no longer buying its story. Wuhan has millions more people and is far denser than NYC. Talk to me when they report numbers that are 1,000% higher than this—that's probably closer to the real number.  …
#Breaking Wuhan revised up coronavirus death too to 3869 from 2579 or +1490.
Wuhan cites the following reasons for the sudden increase in deaths: the surge in patients overwhelmed hospitals, which meant some patients couldn't go there and they died at home. There were also missed reports and some agencies failed to report deaths.  …
BREAKING: China's Wuhan revises coronavirus death toll up to 3,869 from 2,579
Wuhan on Friday revised its numbers of #COVID19 confirmed cases and deaths. The total number of confirmed cases in Wuhan as of the end of April 16 was revised up by 325 to 50,333, and the number of fatalities up by 1,290 to 3,869.  
Breaking: Wuhan has revised its data for the no. of deaths due to Covid-19, increasing by 1290 to 3869 - an 50% increase. Authorities admitted due to healthcare system overload a lot of deaths were not counted. This confirms what many has suspected  …
BREAKING: Wuhan, where the coronavirus pandemic began, revises death toll to 3,869, an increase of 50%
Evidence SARS-CoV-2 Emerged From a Biological Laboratory in Wuhan, China 
Beijing Biden Is Not The Leader We Need Amidst Wuhan Virus Crisis - Joe Biden ignores China threat,putting US jobs/NatSec at risk. His family’s corrupt ties to CCP elite raises serious question about his ethics/secret motives for his weak stance on China 
One of the "scientists" who attacked my suggestion that the #Covid_19 virus leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology is engaged in a research project at that same lab. So much for "scientific objectivity."  …
Sean Hannity covered the story of Canada giving money to the Wuhan bio lab responsible for the corona virus.
The biggest "oopsie" in history is killing people in the hundreds of thousands. And, yes, the world will never be the same. #ChinaMustPay #China #coronavirus #Wuhan  …
The Liberal government gave $828,046 in funding to a virology lab in Wuhan for coronavirus testing according to Rebel News Reporter @SheilaGunnReid.  …
9000+ doctors and nurses have gotten Coronavirus in the US so far. This is a system that cares only about $$$and forces people to work without PPE and other best practices. Meanwhile, in China: 40,000 doctors who went to Wuhan, returned healthy!  …
Why no attribution to @SheilaGunnReid on this Wuhan lab story ? That is not ethical journalistic behavior Fife. #cndpoli
Facebook "fact-checker" who worked at the Chinese Wuhan Lab helped "censor" a documentary that blamed China for the spread of COVID-19.  …
I am waiting for China's offer to host the IPL in Wuhan.
“Trump shut down the program last September”—this could  one of the key points of focus for a Congressional investigation—why did Trump do this? How many lives (globally) could US have saved if we had maintained that direct line to Wuhan instead of relying on WHO?  …
Twitter has flagged the following zerohedge article as malware. It is not. It describes some negarious activity with the Wuhan Labs. This should trouble y'all. First they boot 'em now they mute 'em. You are next...  …
Educating Democrats/Liberals: I will go real slow for you all. 1. The Corona Virus came from Wuhan China either via wet markets OR a Chinese laboratory. 2. Since the virus came from Communist China it is their fault 100% that it exists. 3. China lied about the virus.  …
Trace Gallagher reports the US and Canada have been funding lab in Wuhan where the virus was originated. 
Twitter banned @ZeroHedge for (accurately) speculating that the virus originated in a lab in Wuhan Today Twitter banned several prominent accounts critical of the Chinese government (such as @ALX) All while allowing CCP bots to flood the website with propaganda
CBC moves more into Communist territory, directing kids on how to re-educate people who disagree with the Trudeau view of the Wuhan Flu, or teaching them to avoid family and friends who suspect China has guilt in this  …
When the sun goes down on the Yangtze river, the lights turn on along the banks in #Wuhan. As #coronavirus eases, the city once again shines with light and 
NASDAQ is higher today than when the first case of Corona-virus was reportedly seen in Wuhan. Right.......... 
You see that video on Sean tonight on Wuhan? They’re all wearing masks, every single one of them. That’s going to be our new reality.
IMF Proposes to Deploy Full USD $1Trillion Lending Capacity to Support Countries Battling Wuhan Virus - @POTUS should make sure China, won’t get a dime from IMF. Loans to OBOR countries can’t be used to pay off Chinese  …
G'day Oz. Here's my new interview with Kerry Stevenson, head of @symposiumAU and one of the leading  in Australia. Runs about 40 minutes and covers Wuhan Virus, economic impact and the social disorder  next.  …
So.. Canada and USA gave millions to the very WUHAN Lab that the COVID19 emerged from. When will the USA ever learn? No wonder why we are in debt. Not only are we the world's orphanage, piggy bank, and mercenaries we now own the title of the STUPID COUNTRY< @realDonaldTrump
China has gagged hospital staff in Wuhan from speaking to foreign journalists. This is a memo from a hospital to all staff banning them from speaking to any foreign media. They are also been banned from posting on social media about their experience during the outbreak. #wuhan 
China locked down internal travel to/from Wuhan WHILE allowing international travel to continue AND WHO/CDC covered for their lies 22,000,000 Americans now out of work because of this 10,000s dead Almost all people united against China now... Before Declass & Durham C before D
US intelligence agencies alerted Israel to the coronavirus outbreak in China already in November,the US  became aware of the emerging disease in Wuhan in the second week of that month and drew up a classified document. DJT went to Walter Reed Nov 17 suddenly
Belt and Road Debts to China Skyrocket Under Coronavirus Lockdown - Chinese Loan fund projects in over 100 countries estimated to be worth $8 trillion. These countries should default their debts & ask China Reparation for the damage cause by Wuhan virus.  …
Huge story - US warned Israel of coronavirus in Wuhan in mid November 2019 - over 5 months ago now. #TrumpFailed #TrumpPandemic #wtpTEAM US alerted Israel, NATO to disease outbreak in China in November — report  … via @timesofisrael
#ChineseVirus is a “superbug” developed by  technology in the lab. Gag order has been placed by the CCP on the #Wuhan lab doctor in charge of #Coronavirus research & all evidence already likely destroyed. Why would they do this if it weren’t a bio 
you cant make this stuff up "Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles"  …
From people in full protective gear to those who feel Wuhan is the safest place to be, @sharonchenhm spent 10 days in the city where the #coronavirus pandemic emerged 
The original scoop by @SheilaGunnReid Justin Trudeau’s government is funding a nearly one million dollar Canadian taxpayer-funded coronavirus research project at the Wuhan China virus lab suspected as the source of the deadly plague.  …
Another scoop by me you might see when the mainstream media wakes up and reports yesterday's news tomorrow. Trudeau gave hundreds of visitors visas to people from Wuhan AS THE PANDEMIC ALREADY HAD WUHAN IN FULL LOCKDOWN. seems legit. 
We would have been on it way before. There was a White House pandemic team and we had people working in Wuhan until this September. If trump would have kept the team & our scientists in China. The lies he told would have actually been the truth.
As the US investigates the #coronavirus’ origin, China says there is no evidence that the pathogen came from a Wuhan lab  
Should we impose a Wuhan tax on Chinese products of 90% until the trillions of dollars that they've cost us is paid off?
SHOCKING! NOT! Operation Freedom brought this issue forward in January & we were blocked! Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles | Zero Hedge  … @lrihendry @SidneyPowell1
#Coronavirus #COViD19 #MadeInChina ———————— Who really is @WHO 1. Wuhan Health Organisation 2. Wasteful Health Organisation 3. Woeful Health Organistion 4. Windfall (well funded) Health Organisation
U.S. diplomatic cables warned of Wuhan lab safety issues. The world needs answers, @JoshRogin says. Watch:  
The Wuhan wet market initially identified as a possible point of origin never sold bats. Interesting.
January 26 Michael Pillsbury tells Tucker Carlson virus could have escaped from Wuhan laboratory rather than bats spreading to humans [ed  …
DID THE CHINESE CORONAVIRUS ESCAPE FROM A LAB? New evidence has emerged that the coronavirus ravaging the globe may have escaped from a poorly equipped lab in Wuhan, China, where researchers were conducting risky viral disease experiments.  …
Chinese leadership seems to have wasted six precious days before they figured out that the situation in Wuhan really was bad trouble. American leadership seems to have wasted six precious weeks before they figured out the same thing. Which means Trump is seven times dumber.
Wuhan Institute of Virology Dr Shu-Jun Li Specialist in “gain of function” virus research... aka upgrading the function or lethality of a virus... so the lab can later study how to make cures. China denies “gain of function” research on COVID-19  …
TOM COTTON.... @TomCottonAR Has any of the media or Dems apologized to you yet about China and the Wuhan lab? THEY SHOULD. But ..they won't. As a resident of Arkansas...I want to thank you for standing up for truth. THANK YOU. You are awesome!
US. Intelligence warned the Trump administration in November. We had a pandemic team IN WUHAN. Before trump disbanded it in 2018. When is the winning gonna stop?  …
"Project Epstein" open-source initiative seeks to prove that (1) the SARS-CoV-2 virus was present at a biolaboratory in Wuhan and (2) the SARS-CoV-2 virus was introduced into the greater Wuhan population by an infected lab worker or animal. 
The Wuhan Institute of Virology as the source of the #CoronavirusPandemic is no longer a conspiracy theory. #Covid_19  …
As lockdown restrictions eased in China’s Wuhan, weddings and celebrations have finally resumed  
You can not run and hide China! We will expose you... Sources believe coronavirus outbreak originated in Wuhan lab as part of China's efforts  with US  …
In the meantime from the ground in St. Petersburg.Vlad is not happy. Tests aren’t accurate.The virus came in through trade route w China, no where NEAR Wuhan. So they are dispatching teams to the far parts of Russia. Vlad thought he could beat coronavirus but it’s out of control
"The Canadian government did not explain why the Wuhan lab was chosen, in particular, as a research partner." The answer is probably that the Wuhan lab is the only level-4 lab in China — meaning it is the only facility with clearance to handle COVID-19.  …
Fauci's NIAID specifically funded Wuhan Instititute of Virology scientists doing bat Coronavirus research. This was a DIFFERENT one than the NIH story MSM has discussed. MSM is HIDING the NIAID one because they love Fauci and to confuse. Get it?  …
Barack Obama is Using Wuhan Coronavirus to Push Another Agenda Using the Coronavirus crisis to push hysteria about climate change. SICK.  …
China on Thursday came under mounting pressure over the coronavirus pandemic from Western powers led by the United States, which said it was probing whether the virus that has infected more than 2.1 million people actually originated in a Wuhan laboratory  
China's foreign ministry addressed accusations that the coronavirus originated in a lab in Wuhan, where the disease first emerged, saying the @WHO has found no evidence  
Wow. Awarding the same Wuhan lab whose lax QA lead to the death of 100’s of 1000’s of people & killing economies around the world. This is utterly unacceptable. And telling. #trudeaumustgo #liberalsmustgo #wuhanvirus #ChinaLiedPeopleaDied #trudeau is in bed with #china. #cdnpoli
Wise words indeed! #covid19 #coronavirus #wuhan 
Narratives that have gone mainstream: Wuhan Institute of Virology Fauci's relationship with Gates Dems misled on lack of supplies Hydroxychloroquine fight was politics Media ran false coverage Blue Checks read our content, fight against it, then pretend it's all new, more at 11
Ottawa funds COVID-19 research project that is collaborating with Wuhan virus lab - The Globe and Mail  …
The brave Chinese netizens who alerted us to the Wuhan virus outbreak in December with their videos have all been disappeared now. They're likely organ donors. China is an evil empire. #ChinaMustPay
A lot of opinions.. a lot of conspiracy theories...dont know what to think anymore... What are your thoughts??  … #Covid_19 #Wuhan 
* Professor Luc Montagnier, 2008 Nobel Prize in Medicine, says that SARS-CoV-2 is a manipulated virus accidentally released from a laboratory in Wuhan * Chinese researchers reportedly used this coronavirus as part of work to develop an AIDS vaccine
This virus didn't "escape" from the Wuhan lab, it was unleashed. They did this intentionally. If not, why did they shut Wuhan off from the rest of China but allow travel from Wuhan to anywhere else? They wanted to infect the world. They must be dealt with.
Chinese citizen journalist Chen Qiushi traveled to Wuhan to report on coronavirus and undo the secrecy that would leave the world unprepared for what was  He hasn't been heard from since February 6th. #VICEonSHO, Sunday at 8 PM ET on 
Washington Post debunks Feb. Washington Post article that falsely claimed theory that coronavirus came from Wuhan lab was "conspiracy" that "had been debunked."  …
Why would Trudeau give travel visas to Wuhan residents even AFTER the pandemic started? I mean, other than the fact that he's utterly submissive to the Chinese Communist Party. P.S. How are Michael Spavor & Michael Kovrig? Do we know if they're even alive? Has Trudeau checked?  …
wow, one of the reasons taiwan was so prepared for corona was because its deputy director of disease control was browsing a reddit-like gossip forum and saw a post from wuhan. the next day they started setting up border screenings and quarantine 
This is the false @Facebook factcheck that censored @EpochTimes documentary re: coronavirus possibly from Wuhan lab in China. As you see, "fact checker" was-- I kid you not-- scientist from Wuhan lab. How does one get Facebook's false fact checks fixed?  …
My #WIP is my 3rd color #comedy #novel "Uncle Don's Modern Times". It's full of #shortstories and #spoofs about 2020. Here are the first 4 REVISED pages of the #shortstory "The Batman of Wuhan". #humor #marvel #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #IARTG #indie #author #booksbeseen 
Report: China Quietly Keeping Wuhan Residents Quarantined  …
A look at the Wuhan laboratory at the center of China's coronavirus controversy  …
Featured expert of PBS segment on conflicting claims over origins of covid - with Chinese claims it maybe came from the US during military games in Wuhan & anonymous US officials saying it is from a Chinese lab - is the president of In-Q-Tel, the CIA's strategic investment firm 
Facebook Coronavirus ‘Fact Checker’ Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab  …
If you didn't catch our daily LIVE CHAT at noon ET today, you can still watch it:  Here, @TheMenzoid talks to @SheilaGunnReid about her scoop about Trudeau sending almost $1M to the Wuhan virus lab:  #cdnpoli 
Are people of all ages susceptible to the Wuhan coronavirus? Absolutely. Do people of all ages face the same risk of hospitalization or death? Not even close, which is why it’s disappointing to see someone like @ScottGottliebMD use data to deliberately misinform.
This is a perfect example of using statistics to deliberately mislead people about Wuhan coronavirus risks. In the U.S., people aged 65 and older are about 15 percent of the population.  50-60 percent of all coronavirus hospitalizations.  …
Promising New Treatment: Dr. Christopher Voscopoulos discusses how Proning can help people avoid respiratory failure with the Wuhan Virus. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Even if there’s no Wuhan Virus (Aka COVID19), how can you wash your hand and then drink the water? Gross.
#Pentagon official throws cold water on right wingers’ ‘WUHAN LAB’ BIOWEAPON CONSPIRACY THEORY But according to Gen. Milley, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, the “weight of evidence” indicates that the deadly coronavirus has “NATURAL” ORIGINS  …
Wuhan health workers are experiencing significant psychological disturbances during coronavirus outbreak  …
Now that the truth is getting out that the CHY-NA virus was made in a lab in Wuhan China, how much longer should the public wait to find out that Bill Gates owns the lab and that they weaponized the Corona virus to destroy the United States Economy and try to take down Trump?
Wuhan has started testing for antibodies among thousands of people returning to work, and others without symptoms, to gain a clearer picture of immunity levels in the city and try to prevent a second wave of disease 
Here's the problem with the Trump/Fox News new theory that lax lab procedures in Wuhan caused the initial spread of the virus. The State Dept repeatedly warned about that lab in cables back to DC and there is no evidence that any action was taken. So how were we surprised???
”The whole point is that the World Health Organization and the UN and other global organizations are in the pocket of Chinese Communist Party. As is Hollywood, as are many  US Officials Explore LAB ORIGIN Of Wuhan Virus! 
“We are doing a very thorough examination of this horrible situation that happened,” President Donald Trump said. The US is probing whether the #CCPVirus came from the high-level P4 lab in #Wuhan.  …
The White House is pushing this story that the #coronavirus escaped out of the Wuhan Institute of Virology lab. But the cables leaked to the @washingtonpost say US diplomats who visited the lab requested more US support to safeguard them. Why didn't that happen?
Home Affairs Minister @PeterDutton_MP says reports out of the United States that the new coronavirus may  from a Wuhan laboratory deserve to be investigated.  …
Facebook's "fact checker" who defends the Wuhan lab --- WORKED for the Wuhan lab. Oh my, what a surprise.  …
I heard a Seattle media report that it's a "conspiracy theory" that the virus escaped from the Wuhan Lab. Okay, Seattle news person You just accused @washingtonpost of publishing "conspiracy theories." Weird, since you air one of their  EVERY-SINGLE-DAY.
Bill gates and his rich friends paid to release the Wuhan virus so they could make billions of dollars with their vaccine which has already been developed. It’s a sick plot, not sure if it can be proven. This is just my opinion. No I would not take it
Top Pentagon official throws cold water on right wingers’ ‘Wuhan lab’ bioweapon conspiracy theory  …
A New Age: Lou says China’s cover-up of the Wuhan virus will challenge America’s political and corporate orthodoxies, and puts our national security and way of life under threat. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
Now that the media has finally caught up to the Wuhan Institute of Virology, how long will it take them to ask questions about the fact Fauci's NIAID was funding the Instititute's scientists to do Coronavirus research? It's like herding Bats with the MSM  …
China Lied, People Died: @mikepillsbury calls China’s cover-up of the deadly Wuhan virus “dangerous and deliberate”, adding that it calls into question many of the cooperative programs we have with China. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
U.S. officials investigate whether coronavirus originated in Wuhan lab not wet market @kylieatwood @David_Culver 
With Facebook's Wuhan-lab-scientist fact checking coronavirus stories as "false" on Facebook... we must wonder who's behind the widespread media attempts to controversialize certain facts/people (by WPost, Vanity Fair, NYT, AP  …
TWO LIES. China's foreign ministry Thursday told reporters the World Health Organization has said there is no evidence the coronavirus came from a laboratory in Wuhan, China, according to a report. Y’all keep on. We’ll answer to both. Shorty. Standby. 
Pres. Xi & the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) aren't representing the 1.4B oppressed Chinese people and they're NOT our friends. The #coronavirus #COVID-19, originating in Wuhan Labs, is a wakeup call to recognize the serious threat from the CCP's ambitions to dominate the world 
ZeroHedge was Banned for Twitter for Reporting on Coronavirus Potential Origin Months Before MSM Admitted It Likely Came From Wuhan Lab 
CURVE FLATTENED: Medical staff from Peking College Hospital walk through Tianhe airport in Wuhan. They are the last medical team from other Chinese provinces to leave Wuhan after helping the coronavirus effort. Photograph: STR/AFP/China #Coronavirus #covid19 
“In Jan 2018, the US Embassy took the unusual step of repeatedly sending science diplomats to the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV), which in 2015 became China’s first & only BSL-4 lab. WIV issued news releases which were later scrubbed from their website"  …
Shocked. Shocked I say: “Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles” ⁦ @HarmlessYardDog⁩ ⁦ @NetworksManager⁩ ⁦ @Christine_Brim⁩ ⁦  …
 from bats. Wuhan wet market didn’t sell bats. Wuhan lab had hundreds of bat specimens. Huang Yan Ling is patient zero Ling worked at Wuhan lab. It’s not rocket science people.  …
Wuhan's 11 million people are free to dine out. But they aren't 
Nowhere in that tweet did he say Chinatown was part of China.  the level of seriousness he took towards the Wuhan  to Pelosi at a given point in time.
Wuhan’s Zhongnan Hospital found that only 2.4% of its employees and 2-3% of recent patients and visitors, including people tested before returning to work, had developed antibodies: “This is a long way from herd immunity. So a vaccine may be our last hope”  …
China may not be sharing all the information needed to figure out the origins of Covid-19 — and though it has been presumed that the virus emerged from animals in a food market in Wuhan, scientists say there is no clear evidence this was the source 
While official lockdown in Wuhan ended April 8, HawkEye 360's analysis reveals vessel activity remains generally depressed with April levels of activity similar to February. Read our unbiased report analyzing RF maritime activity.  
I think we have SERIOUSLY over-reported deaths from the Wuhan Virus, and the "strange" drop in pneumonia deaths this year is pretty solid proof. (The graph is from CDC numbers) 
VINDICATED. After the MSM denied this for 4 MONTHS, they have no choice but  out with the truth. We've known the virus was a bioweapon created in Wuhan, but were called "conspiracy theorists" for presenting the evidence. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for  …
U.S. officials are not "reportedly" investigating whether the coronavirus originated from a Wuhan lab through an accidental escape or infection, they ***are*** investigating it. The military &  take the theory seriously, and many of them think it's quite plausible.  …
One thing China was willing to export was COVID infected passengers out of Wuhan to foreign airports while the city was locked down for domestic travel. So there's that.  …
What do you call it when Xi wouldn’t allow infected people from Wuhan to travel in China but lets them travel internationally? Maybe a subtle act of war How can we ever trust anything China says or does ever again Get out of China America Bring it all back home where it belongs
Canadian Government Gave Nearly $1 Million To Wuhan Virus Center For Joint Project After COVID-19 Outbreak  …
#CoronavirusLiar is a moniker no self respecting "news" corp would covet So why did Reuters conflate "made in" with "came from" regarding the #coronavirus' origin, relying on #CCP propaganda? ' #China denies #COVID19 was MADE IN a Wuhan lab'  … 
True or is this Fox News coordinating with Trump to have a scape goat?! Fox's Bret Baier: Sources 'Increasingly Confident' Coronavirus Outbreak Started in Wuhan Lab  via @mediaite
Who added that $3.7 Million appropriation for the Wuhan lab to the spending bill?....Dianne Feinstein???
Main Stream Media Finally Admits COVID-19 Probably Came From Wuhan Bioweapon Lab  
Conflict Of Interest: Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles  … Facebook "Fact Checkers" are disinfo spreaders - see e.g. Neocon warmongers at Atlantic Council & Neoliberal Clinton protectors Snopes
Tune in at 4:30pm ET for ANOTHER scoop by @SheilaGunnReid: — EXCLUSIVE — Trudeau gave HUNDREDS of Canadian visas to Wuhan residents AFTER pandemic began! WATCH the premiere here:  #cdnpoli #KeepTheBorderClosed 
Lies the mainstream media pushed on us: “It’s just the flu.” “Travel bans are racist and don’t work.” “Social distancing doesn’t work, go out and hug people.” “Masks don’t work.” “It’s not from lab in Wuhan. That’s a conspiracy theory.” Don’t let them get a pass on this.
That’s a false alternative. What about the alternative of opening up the country in the right amount and at the right pace and in the right parts of the country? The one size fits all that treats everyone like NYC or Wuhan itself  sense.  …
A new report shows US officials have “high confidence” coronavirus leaked from a Wuhan lab. Why are Canadians journalists unwilling to report on this? @CandiceMalcolm and @AndrewLawton discuss this and much more on the True North Update!  …
ZeroHedge was Banned for Twitter for Reporting on Coronavirus Potential Origin Months Before MSM Admitted It Likely Came From Wuhan Lab 
CHINA COMMUNIST WAR. While China was negotiating with USA, China was criminally unleashing CCP Wuhan Virus & sweeping up world supply of PPE! Then 400,000 thousand people flew from Wuhan to America.Deliberate? China knew!! 
Interesting to see that @keelingsfruits family allegedly own a nursing home that's unable to cope with a Wuhan virus outbreak yet they see fit to import cheap migrant workers during the pandemic while circa 500,000 Irish workers are unemployed.   …
Don’t just sit there - FFS re-tweet this brilliant demo of the amazing #PPE facilities enjoyed by 1000s of our ‘CARE’ in the Community Nurses looking after Pw #COVID19 Would any Tory minister share her bus ride home?  PPE-Wuhan-style... @itvnews @Channel4News  
Jan. 17 ( 0/0): 𝗪𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗼𝗻𝗹𝘆 𝟰𝟱 𝗰𝗮𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗿𝗲𝗽𝗼𝗿𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗶𝗻 𝗖𝗵𝗶𝗻𝗮, @CDCgov/ @CBP began enhanced screening of travelers from Wuhan at 3 airports, and on Jan. 21 expanded to 5 airports to cover 75-80% of inbound travel from Wuhan.
Fox News and CNN are finally reporting what we broadcast February 14 on SciFriday: Evidence points to the Wuhan Virology Institute as the source of SARS-CoV-2, the virus behind the COVID-19 pandemic.  …
True North asking Andrew Scheer whether he thinks the virus was made in a Wuhan lab, good times
US PROBING WHETHER WUHAN VIRUS CAME FROM LAB IN CHINA @EpochTimes #CCPCoverUp #CCPLiedPeopleDied "The CCP (Chinese Communist Party) virus, a novel coronavirus, originated in Wuhan, a city of some 12 million, in 2019 before spreading around the world."  
The United Nations’ biodiversity chief has called for a global ban on wildlife markets – such as the one in Wuhan, China, believed to be the starting point of the coronavirus outbreak – to prevent future pandemics. #UN  …
Kawo bridge in Kaduna is presently under reconstruction, China built an emergency hospital to treat wuhan corona patients in 10 days, with proper funding & measures from the FG, this can be achieved Bash, we are stronger than the enemy and we shall  it In shaa Allah.  …
Not only we inflating COVID-19 deaths, some are inflating the number of conservative Christians in Wuhan, China and New York City.  …
Meanwhile, speculation is that the virus grew legs and accidentally ”escaped” the lab in Wuhan... 
“the Chinese erased data, destroyed samples, doctors and journalists disappeared, and China shut down domestic travel to and from Wuhan, but they did not stop international flights to and from Wuhan" Bret Bair Well this did not age well @Acosta @CNN 
This is a smart post from @JamieMetzl "the most likely starting point of the #coronavirus crisis is an accidental leak from the Chinese virology institute in #Wuhan" Occam's Razor  …
Shocking! US gave $3.7 million to China's Wuhan lab that conducted coronavirus tests on bats The Trump/NIH funded Wuhan Instit of Virology is believed to have conducted coronavirus experiments on mammals captured from caves of Yunnan, China, w/US money  …
So many foreign navies getting infected with this Chinese Virus. What I still don't get is  there was no infection in the Chinese Navy or PLA? Or for that matter how areas far from Wuhan within China remained unaffected. R we being told the whole story.
Did the  from a Wuhan BIO LAB? According to Facebook and USAToday, that's "fake news!" But Rep. @Jim_Jordan and MANY in our government now think 
China denies #SARSCoV2 originated in Wuhan Institute of Virology... but Bats are not indigenous to Wuhan and they are not sold in Wuhan "wet market" #COVID19 
And: Trudeau government gives $828,000 grant to Wuhan lab where virus may have originated  … So basically, the giving of the grant is true. As to its purpose, it sounds legitimate to me but I can see why people would be suspicious.
#Gravitas | More than 1,38,000 people have died due to the Wuhan Coronavirus across the world now. India is now reporting more than 10,800 active cases. @palkisu brings you the latest 
Taiwan has been successful in fighting Covid-19. At the same time, mainland provinces and regions such as Jilin, Qinghai, Shanxi, Ningxia, Jiangsu and Tibet all reported zero death from Covid-19 even they’re much closer to Wuhan. So no need to over-exaggerate Taiwan (1 death).
