More official cases in Wuhan/Hubei today but fewer fatalities 541 new Wuhan cases (314 yesterday) 89 new Hubei cases outside Wuhan (52 yesterday) 96 new Hubei deaths (106 yesterday) And again, these are official numbers, so who knows   …
The Wuhan Virus has an incubation period of at least 38 days, not 14. Until China is honest with the world about this virus, we are facing a pandemic that will kill far more people than it needs to. And, rest assured, the outrage from victims & their gov’ts will only grow. 
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
Harvard Professor arrested by the FBI: A department chair set up a research lab in Wuhan, sold knowledge for big money and lied about it. NO media coverage of this bombshell. He rec'd $50K a month, 150K in expense, and 1.5 million to establish a lab.  
#Coronahero: Wuhan hospital doctor, Dr Peng Yinhua, aged 29, dies from coronavirus 
More on #COVID19 - Chinese medical expert in #Wuhan said that it is very important for those who have "recovered" from #SARSCoV19 to go under another 14 days of quarantine at a designated place after they are discharged from hospitals.  …
From THE GLOBAL TIMES: "A new study by Chinese researchers indicates the novel coronavirus may have begun human-to-human transmission in late November from a place other than the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan."
“We know that #coronavirus didn't start in the Wuhan food market. That was the original story of the CCP, so it's only responsible to ask where it did start.” Given Wuhan contains China's only biosafety level 4 super lab, what work was being done there?  …
So are we getting the truth on Wuhan? 
Here's a better idea. Take a trip to Wuhan. Visit a local market. Enjoy some of the delicious food.
18 sets of protective gear with respirators received by jiangsu medical team in wuhan, one of the many places xiaozhan donated to! 
No, this is not a new virus. This is all the 5 million people who left wuhan before the shutdown. These folks ran all over the world and now we are seeing more cases outside of china
Wuhan Asia Heart Hospital also received Xiaozhan’s donations! 
Well, look at that. The Chinese Communist Party’s propaganda rag finally admits what I’ve said for a month: coronavirus didn’t start in Wuhan food market. So where did it originate? Time for answers from CCP.  …
When nurses fighting against #COVID19 outbreak at makeshift hospital Huoshenshan in #Wuhan took off their masks... 
Containment has failed. Now we have to fight. That means a war footing to build isolation wards, supply protective gear and develop therapy regimens with a single focus: We MUST protect healthcare prof’ls. If we can just do THAT, we avoid Wuhan scenarios. We’ll be fine.  …
What Is going on in Wuhan China You have Ravens falling out if the sky dead You have fish jumping out of the water gasping for air! China is lying about this virus #CoronavirusCoverup #Coronavirustruth 
Research: Virus did not originate at Wuhan market  …
Active trial of remdesivir for #SARSCoV2: let’s watch this trial closely as  out  months: “first randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 2019-nCoV. Enrolment began in sites in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China on 6th February 2020.” #covid19  …
So many people died at home... even no chance to go to hospital because no beds there #coronavirus #COVID-19 #wuhan＃肺炎＃武汉 
Two of the six cruise ships have arrived in Wuhan to provide  for medical staff on the frontline of the #coronavirus 
Survival probability of coronavirus patients admitted to ICU in Wuhan sank to 25-50% after 28 days. Explains high CFR if no. of cases reach critical mass that public health system can't cope with. #Covid19   …
This latest scientific report by a research arm under the China Academy of Sciences made its rounds in Japan and Taiwan media. Among several interesting findings, it concludes that COVID-19 didn't originate from the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan.  
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus: study  … "Key questions now, Schaffner said, are how often does this kind of transmission occur and when during the asymptomatic period does a person test positive for the virus" @_atanas_
Basically everything the experts and the bureaucrats have done so far has been wrong.  in collusion with WHO are too busy dustin their tracks trying to hide the damn truth! Coronavirus Deaths Outside China Spike As WHO Team Visits Wuhan  …
#coronavirus test kit assembly line works at max speed in #Wuhan 
Just received from Beijing. She says people in #Wuhan r locking down the infected people within their homes so that they can't escape out in the open, to stop the spread of #coronarvirues The infected families r being left to starve & die. Horrific  03
 … Belarus is a small country with only 9.4m population. In order to help  the virus, their gov donated 20 tonnes of humanitarian aids to Wuhan. 
Except facing huge workload and pressure from #CoronavirusOutbreak, nurses in #Wuhan gotta tolerate such temper tantrum from high officials. “Go wash the toilet! This is your duty! What, you’re not happy with that?!” @icablenews 
Proud of @XylemInc in China, donated/installed 3 wastewater pumps to help construct the Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital, built in 10 days! When  to fighting #Coronavirus and moving potential wastewater with it- @XylemInc safe bet- for those 
The official story is the #COVID19 epidemic is waning in China, but: "At present, the epidemic preventn & control in #Wuhan is in the most important window, the most strenuous period. Although some positive changes have taken place the sitn is still grim."  …
Logistics managers and freight forwarders were receiving confidential notices in mid-January of potential disruptions to ocean and air freight services from Wuhan. Most began adjusting then. As with anything, the insiders have known longer than has been publicly discussed.  …
Uighur laboratory for virus: After the virus, they locked Uighur city Hotan. now they opened it &sent hundreds of Uighurs to Virus cities. If they can alive, they ask Chinese to go to work.If Uighurs die, that’s not bad to test. #uighurlivesmatter #uyghurlivesmatter #wuhan 
IF 25% of #coronavirus patients end up in the ICU and 50% of those die as this #Wuhan research suggests we’re looking at 12.5% mortality rate. #Covid19  … – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Life in #Wuhan makeshift hospital #COVID19 
Definitely lying! And though he was  from Wuhan, he  from China.. I still find this is very very strange! "A bag of tiny 200 dead birds was seized from the luggage of a passenger traveling from China to Washington, DC"  via @Q13FOX
The good news is, more people around the world now know where the city of Wuhan is.
For those who immediately think of other possibilities, the simple answer is this: Wuhan is a huge city. There are other places in Wuhan and outside of it that engaged in trade/slaughter of wild animals in addition to the Huanan Seafood Market, which as we now know, didn't limit  …
RAVEN TAKEOVER! Hardly any people on the streets of Wuhan, but no shortage of Ravens! 
A team of experts from @WHO were traveling on Saturday to Wuhan, the center of the coronavirus epidemic. Health professionals worked on the outbreak in three Chinese provinces — Beijing, Sichuan and Guangdong — but had not yet been to the city at its heart  …
Concerns are growing over the global spread of the novel coronavirus after a spike in cases outside of mainland China among people with no connection to China or the city of Wuhan, ground zero for the outbreak 
Starting today, novel #coronavirus pneumonia patients in #Wuhan of #Hubei province should be quarantined in designated places for 14 days after they are cured and discharged from hospitals, the city's epidemic prevention and control authority said on Saturday. #COVID19
A huge #thanks to our staff members and #volunteers helping Canadians returning from Wuhan. Find out more on how we're helping in #CFBTrenton  and in #Cornwall  
Wonder if the Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan are feeling all that brotherly toward either China right now -- or for that matter their own government, which seems to be ignoring them to make a point & displaying what happens when you  too dependent on one country  …
The simple mortality rate of deaths/confirmed cases (red line) has been creeping higher in recent days. One reason, when you have 76k cases, you're not treated in an ICU by a team of infectious disease experts. You're shuffled into a sports stadium (pix from Feb 18 in Wuhan) 
A local hospital in #Wuhan has helped more than 60 women who have been infected or were believed to be infected with the virus to deliver babies, and none of the newborns were infected, according to the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. #COVID19
"Wuhan's mistakes"? Don't lay off blame on local officials, @HuXijin_GT. The Communist Party caused this disaster. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
A family cannot return home after Chinese New Year holiday. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 #ChinaVirus #Chinese Location: rural area of Heze, Shandong 
On Thursday, #China's #HubeiProvince reported 349 new cases of #Coronavirus, but #Wuhan, Hubei's capital, reported 615 cases all by itself. The #CCP can't even get its own story straight. This is why no one should believe a  out of  …
Some thoughts on the importance of planning, #autarky, closed borders &national sovereignty in connection with the #Wuhan #Coronavirus epidemia. The number of infected in #Italy #Iran #SouthKorea #Vietnam & #Japan seem to be rising very quickly. Looks like #Pandemia is 
Dear #Family #Friends #Followers I'm having the flu, a heavy one. I got a tip from a friend in #Wuhan China: W ash hands U se mask properly H ave temperature checked A void large crowds N ever touch face with unclean hands Be safe!  …
Why didWuhan Customs conduct a #coronavirus emergency response drill at the Wuhan Tianhe Airport on Sept 18, 2019? What did they know which we still don't know?  …
#India should not hurry evac fm #Wuhan. @MEAIndia must consider #Beijing reaction to dual use cargo detained fm #Karachi bound #Chinese suspicious ship. Risky to send a #C17 at this stage. Prefer to send @airindiain than #military aircraft now even if permission granted.
Wuhan plans to build another 19 makeshift hospitals taking total beds on offer 30,000 beds on Feb. 25. To date, Wuhan has converted 13 existing venues into temporary hospitals w/total of 13,348 beds, & ~9,313 beds have been put into use ht ⁦  …
A Special Air Force aircraft that has to fly to Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians, has been loaded with medical equipment, at Hindon Air Force Station, in Ghaziabad. 
A Chinese soccer team from Shanghai traveled to Tokyo and then to Los Angeles THIS PAST MONDAY. They weren’t quarantined or tested for the Wuhan coronavirus. They walked the airport for hours before they left for Brazil. How did this happen?! AA flt staff very upset. @DHS_Wolf
I’m worried Wuhan’s mistakes are being repeated in other places of the world. In Chinese people’s eyes, epidemic in S.Korea is very serious. A kind reminder, S.Korea is slow in taking action. Besides, low infection rate in the US and other countries need to be verified carefully.
2000-3000 reported and detected death means: ~500.000 actually infected. The Chinese just never detected all the mild cases in Wuhan. The same will happen now in most countries - hopefully the “real” fatality rate of sars-cov2 remains at 0.4% on average! #COVID19
200222 @layzhang replied a Xback, a nurse who is working in the frontline of fighting against novel coronavirus in Wuhan: Because you and your colleagues are there, we all believe that everything will be alright, cheer up, this is my turn to support you #LayZhang 
Like we stood with #China and #Wuhan we stand with every nation that is suffering from the spread of #CoronaVirus As a Lebanese I fully support the efforts of our Health ministry and hope for the full recovery of our  …
Wuhan thanks South Korean, French consulates for support amid  …
GOI sources: “In between the following flights have taken off from Wuhan 16 Feb- Japan 19 Feb - Ukraine 20 Feb - France If the work was not critical enough to stop or delay these flights, how did it suddenly  critical for the Indian flight? 2/n
Japanese infectious diseases expert calls for action to prevent "second Wuhan" in Japan 
I will tell the world the truth. Dr. Kentaro Iwata is a supporter of the CCP. He praises the CCP's response to the pandemic in Wuhan. He is also a discriminator who continues to denounce Japanese conservatives as "You're cockroaches.". 
19? >China's Wuhan to build 19 more makeshift hospitals  …
#Wuhan has just announced that those leaving hospital ( in the city where this crisis started) having "recovered" from the #coronavirus will have to then spend an additional 14 days in quarantine somewhere just to make sure. #China
Remember these two Pakis who said they didn't want India's help to be evacuated from Wuhan because China would take care of them? Well, left to die, Paki students are now begging to be evacuated. And their parents are crying before ministers in Islamabad. Totally pathetic country  …
Three Norwegians were brought home from Wuhan two days ago. Tested negative for Coronavirus, then released with no quarantine. Doesn't seem like a good idea when we know incubation time is up to 27 days?
Wuhan issues new measure for #COVID19 patients who have been discharged from hospitals. They should stay at designated places for another 14-day 
So now China tries to blame Americans for the Wuhan accident  …
The interior of a #coronavirus lab for nucleic acid test in #Wuhan. It has a capacity for 10,000 tests a day 
Uhuru paid 1m fine for the man found with a python in Mombasa, but wait, 1.3m was send to Wuhan for more than 100 Kenyans who are locked due to fear of Corona infection . What if Uhuru forgave the guy and 1m send to wuhan.? #BabuOwino Raila Junet Nairobi 
#EverydayHero Wu Kui and his colleagues prepare meals for the medics and patients at the First People's Hospital in #Wuhan. The 20-something strong team cooks more than 1,000 servings of meals that would otherwise have been done by more than 80 workers. #COVID19 
Bruh gonna take you to Wuhan real quick
Day 31 of the Wuhan Lockdown, Ugandan students have received no help whatsoever from their Gov’t.
IAF flight meant to evacuate Indian nationals stranded in Wuhan, reportedly, delayed “deliberately” by Chinese authorities 
7 cruise ships, instead of the five previously reported by GT, were expropriated by #Wuhan. In  days, 6 more cruise ships will arrive in Wuhan to provide rooms for medical staff who have traveled to support the city as it fights the epidemic. #COVID19  
Volunteer barbers have traveled across hospitals in Wuhan, giving medical staff free haircuts 
Cai Jie, former member of the CPC Standing Committee and secretary general of #Wuhan, C China’s Hubei province, has been expelled from the Party for financial crimes and political discipline violations, according to a statement by the provincial anti-graft body on Sat. 
Not sure what to make of this: “Wuhan plans to build another 19 makeshift hospitals to receive more infected patients.  all makeshift hospitals in Wuhan are expected to offer 30,000 beds on Feb. 25.” Hospitals or parking lots for patients?  …
These pictures were taken from temporary hospital in Wuhan city. 
Kudlow on CNBC today. Cramer's question at 3:10  …… Summary: Cramer, 80% if US pharma from China, 48 Pharma plants in Wuhan. The US will start running out of Pharma in 3 weeks. Cramer asked Kudlow to tell Trump to intervene. Anyone got a link for this?
How deadly is the #coronavirus? Is it just like flu as someone suggested? Dr. Chen Shu of Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, said in his first 8 days in Wuhan, all patients under his care died of the virus. Only since 02/19 he saw some patients survived and were discharged. 
Question to China: Why are they creating roadblock in evacuating India nationals from Wuhan and putting them under hardship and mental agony? Families of Indian Nationals who are still stranded in Wuhan are under tremendous mental anguish.
“The cases that we see in the rest of the world, although the numbers are small, but not linked to Wuhan or China, it’s very worrisome,” the director-general of the W.H.O. said Friday. “These dots are actually very concerning.” 
China is deliberately delaying grant of clearance: Official sources on delay in sending IAF flight to Wuhan to bring back more Indians
Govt sources: China deliberately delaying grant of clearance for evacuation flight to bring back remaining Indians from Wuhan. Flight is also carrying relief supplies. These supplies have been offered even as india faces tremendous shortage itself. 1/n
A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday, offering new evidence that the virus can be spread asymptomatically. What the heck?  …
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus - study  
Sources:Chinese Govt yet to grant clearance to flight carrying relief supplies which will also get back remaining Indian nationals frm Wuhan.China continues to maintain there is no delay(even on friday),day flight was supposed to go,but inexplicably clearance has not been given
Was Coronavirus used to depopulate China? It is interesting that it exploded just after DAVOS! In my Opnion Climate Change has NOTHING to do with weather! It’s Population! Coronavirus: Japan is ‘next Wuhan’ as Tokyo Marathon is cancelled due to virus  …
Yes, the authorities reacted too slowly in shutting down Wuhan but public health experts are almost unanimous in saying that if they hadn’t done so, we would be facing a crisis on a much bigger scale. 
#WHO keeps praising the CCP efforts in containing the virus while the ground WHO team is not allowed to visit Wuhan or any other part of the epicentre of the outbreak. This of course begs to question why?
“The government said they will ‘hospitalize anyone who should be hospitalized ... but then you discharge those who haven’t recovered. “Will these people carry the virus with them?" - daughter of a #coronavirus patient from #Wuhan  …
“Her limbs were so weak that she would fall when going to the restroom." Still sick, the #Wuhan #coronavirus patient was told to go home after her lab results came out negative. (1/2)  …
#PengYinhua, a doctor at the Jiangxia district People’s No. 1 Hospital in #Wuhan, passed away from the #COVID19 #Coronavirus on Feb. 20, making him the 3rd doctor this month to die after contracting the virus from treating  …
Two Aussies (from Cruise) were detected as negative for Wuhan coronavirus in Japan after 14 days of quarantine. However they were re-tested and the results were positive after they were back to Australia.  …
The U.S. confirmed 34 cases of coronavirus — including 21 people evacuated from Wuhan or the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan. Only 3 states are currently capable of testing for the virus (CA, IL, NE), with all other samples being sent to the CDC. 
Feb 21 (Reuters) - A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, traveled 400 miles(675 km) north to Anyang where she infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday.
Why are young doctors in Wuhan dying from the coronavirus? They don’t have the other health problems that cause some older people to die. But the Chinese government’s lack of investment in public health has left them unable to protect themselves properly.  
Fake email ‘from outside the country’ made Ukrainians throw stones at Wuhan evacuees, BuzzFeed report implies  
The #Chinese-language @EpochTimes spoke with a number of #Wuhan residents and found that some neighborhoods, where there are large numbers of reported #COVID19 infections, have had their internet cut  …
28 days later.... Kaplan-Meier survival plot of #COVID19 patients with #SARSCoV2 shows ~50% mortality among Wuhan patients hospitalized in the ICU. “The mortality of critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia at 28 days is considerable”. Oy.  
2/21 #coronavirus #coronaviruschina Common people in Wuhan have been struggling to survive in the quarantine. However, the despair out of the virus, broken family, and disrespect from CCP’s brutal treatment is pushing many people to end their own lives. It is man-made disaster! 
IRAN SITUATION: Wuhan closed it's airport when Hubei province had confirmed aprox. 375 cases. After lockdown, the virus spread from Hubei to places all over the world, and caused aprox. 77.000 cases. Iran now has 760 suspected cases, and airport/stations aren't closed.
Las imágenes correponden a dos libros, "In around 2020 a severe pneumonia-like....." Es del libro: End Of Days: Predictions and prophecies about the end of the world, Sylvia Browne - Lindsay Harrison, 2010. Lo de wuhan-400 si es el libro que dicen.
29 Year-Old Doctor Treating Patients in Coronavirus Epicenter Dies From Disease  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CoronaVirus #CoronaVirusOutbreak
A total of 11 senior residents and a staff member at a retirement home in #Wuhan – the city at the center of the novel #coronavirus outbreak — tested positive for the virus and one of the seniors died, the city's Civil Affairs Bureau said late Friday.
Most of those infected are among those evacuated by the U.S. State Department from Wuhan, China, and a cruise ship docked in Japan 
The virus is winding down everyone, oh, btw... Wuhan needs to build 19 more hospitals.  …
Nearly all people flown back to the US from Wuhan, China on chartered @StateDept flights  their 14-day quarantine. They are returning to family and friends and are not a risk for spreading the virus to others. #COVID19
There are now 2 categories of #COVID19 cases in the US: 1) Cases detected through the domestic public health systems, and 2) cases among people who were repatriated via @StateDept flights from Wuhan (China) & from the Diamond Princess cruise ship (Japan).  .
The 1st #cruise ship sent to aid the fight against novel #coronavirus in #Wuhan arrives at Wangjiagang ferry terminal on Fri. The ship is set to provide waterborne  for medical workers working on the frontline against 
The @WHO says it is "very worrisome" that the 2 deaths and 13 confirmed cases of the #coronavirus in Iran have no direct link to Wuhan, China 
A doctor in Heilongjiang is leaving to support his #Wuhan colleagues He told a white lie to his mother, who suffers from Alzheimer's, so she doesn't have to worry about the son 
NEW: 28 U.S. residents evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship are infected with coronavirus, and health officials expect to see more infections in  days. The 28 plus 3 repatriated from Wuhan = 31 cases. More details here.  …
Yesterday, a 29-year old doctor died in Wuhan of #COVID19 he had no underlying conditions.
Worrisome - 3rd study supporting asymptomatic transmission once again: “familial cluster of 5 patients with #covid19 pneumonia... sequence of events suggests that the coronavirus may have been transmitted by the asymptomatic (Wuhan) carrier“  …
#Pandemic risk for new #coronavirus is INCREASING: Outbreaks of #COVID19 in Beijing hospitals and ≥4 prisons in 3 provinces in #China Cases surging in #SouthKorea After denials, #Iran now reports 18 infected, 4 dead @thespybrief #Wuhan  …
Peng Yinhua, a 29-year-old Wuhan doctor who had postponed his wedding to treat #COVID19 patients died Thursday night after  infected with the virus. #coronavirus Learn more:  
Breaking : China will build another 19 makeshift hospitals in Wuhan to receive more #coronavirus infected 
“Some laboratory animals were sold to markets as wild-caught animals for profit.”  Netizens suspect the #Coronavirus is genetically engineered and somehow escaped from #Wuhan's P4 Biosafety lab. By @news_ntd Read more:  …
#PengYinhua, a doctor at the Jiangxia district People’s No. 1 Hospital in #Wuhan, passed away from the #COVID19 #Coronavirus on Feb. 20. He is the 3rd doctor this month to die after contracting the virus from treating  …
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak.  
Today is Day 30 of the Wuhan Lockdown and the Government of Uganda has done  to help its citizens. Kenya and Rwanda sent their citizens money, Tanzania sent supplies...while Uganda sent PROMISES.
Perhaps dear sir, this govt might be  than you may care to acknowledge. Didn’t buckle under emotional pressure on Wuhan cases/airport screening and did the right thing. Please give them credit where due.  …
WATCH: Clashes broke out between police and residents in Ukraine as they protested buses carrying coronavirus evacuees from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. Despite authorities insisting there was no danger, protesters attacked the vehicles  
Turbulent scenes as buses carrying evacuees from China’s coronavirus-stricken city of Wuhan are attacked by protesters on their way to quarantine in Ukraine.  
TSN has acquired TV Broadcast rights to show WTA Premier 5 & Premier Mandatory tournaments in 2020. Doha Indian Wells Miami Rome Madrid Cincinnati Wuhan Beijing WTA Tour Finals Bianca Andreescu is expected to make her 2020 debut at IW. 
Vlog shared by a #COVID19 patient shows how patients spent a typical day inside one of the temporary hospitals in #Wuhan. (video part 2 ) 
The free world must ask more questions about #coronaviruschina truth. This indicates both Comrade Director General @DrTedros of @WHO & Emperor Corona will respond to worldwide pressure on China  clean & allow experts to visit this drop dead virus epicenter - Wuhan.  
Xiao Jun, a 50-yr-old doctor from #Wuhan Red Cross Society Hospital, passed away on Feb. 8 due to #COVID19 infection while battling on the frontline against novel #coronavrus epidemic, said a press release from the hospital on Feb. 21. 
Senior @WHO team to travel to epicenter Wuhan on Saturday.  …
Wuhan plans to build another 19 hospitals - Jesus..  …
Some people quarantined in Wuhan field hospitals told CNN they had tested negative for the virus and were afraid they would contract it in the facility. The WHO said: "China is facing an unprecedented crisis and is responding in an unprecedented manner." 
This is  A large percent of US medicines are made in Wuhan, and US shortages are expected to begin in 3 weeks. Jim Cramer on CNBC asked Larry Kudlow, WH Dir Nat'l Econ Council, what is being done, and it was news to him. Take your vitamins, I guess. Sheesh.
"Meanwhile, the WHO-led joint mission in #China has been working in Beijing, Sichuan and Guangdong, and will travel to Wuhan tomorrow to continue its work at the epicenter of the outbreak"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
Your heartbreaking photo of today is this one: Donbas IDPs(internally displaced persons) brought some food and sweets for Wuhan evacuees. “They told us war is our fault; they will tell you the same about the virus” 
#Police in #China restrained a man who did not wear a facial #mask while walking on the street. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #COVID19 
NEW: Clinical course and  of critically ill patients with #SARSCoV2 pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a single-centered, retrospective, observational study  … #COVID19 
#Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, plans to build another 19 makeshift hospitals to receive more infected patients, local authorities said Friday.  
The plot thickens - it now seems the attacks on Wuhan evacuees were staged. Who has an interest in dividing Ukrainian society?  …
Here is the pattern and why analytically questioning data throughout is critical. China: - Hide Wuhan #CoronaVirus Until You Can't - Hide Prison Outbreak Until You Can't - Hide Mainland Outbreak Until You Can't Iran: - Hide Nationwide Outbreak Until You Can't
Internal docs obtained by the Chinese-language @EpochTimes show that roughly 25K people per day were leaving #Wuhan while transportation was banned and a lockdown followed  …
#Chinese police warn residents not to spread information about #coronavirus on internet. Location: Longhua District, #Shenzhen City, #Guangdong Province #Wuhan #COVID19 #Hubei #武汉 #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 
World's leading artists send best wishes to #Wuhan Jazz vocal group New York Voices, singer and actor Kris Wu @KrisWu, music producer Chris Babida, singer Bibi Zhou and painter and sculptor Christopher Le Bru send their messages to those affected by the 
We are in different places, but our hearts are under the same sky #Shanghai residents hang placards with encouraging words from windows and balconies to show support for #Wuhan 
About yesterday’s shameful pics of “locals” in Ukraine trying to block refugees from Wuhan - it turns out many weren’t local at all. Notorious rioters to hire. Meanwhile, refugees from Donbas brought help for refugees from Wuhan. 
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak. 
China's Wuhan to build 19 more makeshift hospitals.  all the makeshift hospitals in Wuhan are expected to offer 30,000 beds on Feb. 25  
CNN gained rare access to a field hospital in Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, which reveals the dire conditions there. Some residents say they have recovered but they are still forced into the facility. @David_Culver reports.  
I managed to go outside to buy some cigarettes after pleading with the security guards. #wuhan  – at Wuhan (武汉市)
The current #Coronavirus crisis resembles what we used to read about in books on the Black Plague and how people reacted to it. 74 #Ukrainians were brought back from #Wuhan & bussed to be quarantined in a village but the residents showed up with pitchforks, trying to stop the bus 
Is the virus from a Wuhan lab? No way! "This Wuhan lab has been doing some excellent research work," says a Malaysian virologist. "There is no genome sequence of #COVID19 to show that it is an engineered virus to be used as a bioweapon"  
Ye Yuhua, a farmer from Guangxi donated 16,000 kg of oranges grown in his orchard to the residents of Wuhan, victims of #COVID19 
Attacks on returned Wuhan evacuees in The Ukraine and fears among locals about repatriated Diamond Princess passengers in Darwin show  to  is insufficient or is not hitting the mark/level
Due to worsened situation in China for Wuhan Coronaivirus outbreak, USA has switched its purchase of gingers from Taiwan.  …
Pakistan Embassy Beijing’s 2-member team visits Pakistani students in #Wuhan. Chinese only allowed them to go with an understanding that they would not be allowed to leave till quarantine was lifted. Respect for their courage & sense of duty. #CoronaOutbreak 
On my flight Wuhan-ready. 
sorry, not a joke here.... Rumors in China........ 1. a lot of death in Wuhan (second-hand info) 2. talk of revolution I hope it's not right.
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak. 
Embassy’s two member Solidarity Team visiting Pakistani students in Wuhan. They would not be allowed to leave Wuhan till the quarantine was lifted. They are the true heroes. Their courage and Sense of duty needs to be acknowledged. 
Hope all is well there.Please a reminder that we don’t have food supplies or masks to keep us safe during this time here in Wuhan.Rwanda sent it’s students money and masks,Ghana sent it’s students food supplies and masks. Please ma’am do something for us.  …
Video featuring pregnant nurse treating patients in hospital in the virus epicentre of Wuhan sparks backlash across China 
“Everything looked like the movie ‘Contagion.’” A woman returning from Wuhan gave us a look at life inside a U.S. coronavirus quarantine. 
#EverydayHero A 29-year-old front line doctor, Peng Yinhua, passed away on Feb 20 in #Wuhan. He had postponed his wedding to fight the novel #coronavirus epidemic. Now he will never see his fiancée in her wedding gown. R.I.P. #COVID19 
Update: Peng Yinhua, a 29-year-old Wuhan doctor who had postponed his wedding to treat #COVID19 patients, died Thursday night after  infected with the virus, according to local health authorities.
Our grandmothers have already taught us the solution to stay away from #COVID19 Wuhan coronavirus According to the article “washing your hands is better than wearing a mask”  …
Wuhan CoronaVirus Hospital built within 10days by ChineseGovt My Plastic National ID Card is nt ready After 7yrs by NigerianGovt
Dear friends in Wuhan, my sweetest blessing to you is on the road! Ye Yuhua, a farmer from Zhuyu Village of S China’s Guangxi, on Feb 20 donated 16,000 kg of tangerines grown in his orchard to Wuhan, the epicenter of the recent #COVID19 
FROM WUHAN: I've heard an interview with 3 Kenyan Students in Wuhan, COVID-19 hub, & ALL IS NOT WELL. Nkala (student leader) said that the lockdown is real such that they're more of detainees in their own hostels. Olivier who is 7 months pregnant requested an evacuation by GoK.
Hubei Daily: 271 prisoners in Hubei are infected with #covid19 among which 230 are in Wuhan Women’s Prison and 41 are in Shayang Hanjin Prison. Head of the women’s prison has already been sacked and an officer in Hanjin was given serious warning for omitting contact history. 
The head of Wuhan Women's Prison has been fired for failing to fulfill his duties, according to local media. There are 230 confirmed cases of coronavirus at the prison.  …
Peng Yinhua, a doctor at a hospital in Wuhan, has died of coronavirus. He and his fiancee had planned to get married earlier this month but they postponed it so he could help in the fight against the epidemic. 
China Deploys 40 Mobile Incinerators To Wuhan: Report 
More than 30,000 medical workers across the nation have been dispatched to and are on the front lines in central China's Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, since late January. 
#Coronavirus: Another doctor has died in China of @COVID19. The death is the 2nd physician death in 2 days. Dr. Peng Yinhan, 29, treated patients at a #Wuhan hospital. He's the 8th health care worker to die. More than 1700 reported to have contracted the virus during patient care  …
2/20 #coronavirus #Wuhan Location: Wuhan Hankou Chinese Medicine Hospital The Wuhan policemen in white protective suits were arresting a man with strong resistance. You are not watching a Cultural Revolution movie. It is Wuhan now! 
To contain coronavirus, police forbid street vendors from gathering and destroy their goods.  From @EpochTimesChina #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 #ChinaVirus
In Nantong City, Jiangsu Province, a family forcibly taken away by people in protective suits.  From @EpochTimesChina #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 #ChinaVirus
#RIP: Peng Yinhua, a 29-year-old doctor who delayed his wedding to fight #COVID19 died of novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan on Thursday. Read his story here:  
This is just what we needed. A coronavirus tale of hope (securing a ticket out of Wuhan), sadness (seeing your grandfather cry for the first time), fear (“everything looked like ‘Contagion’”)  for the sick left behind.  …
“Some laboratory animals were sold to markets as wild-caught animals for profit.”  Netizens suspect the #Coronavirus is genetically engineered and somehow escaped from #Wuhan's P4 Biosafety lab. From @news_ntd Full story:  …
We are excited 600+ evacuees from #Wuhan  quarantine this week. Medical professionals from @HHSgov's National Disaster Medical System & #USPHS have been proud to serve night & day throughout the response, evaluating patients & providing behavioral health 
Just so people understand. This all connects to to Wuhan BSL4 lab release. #bioweapon 
Peng Yinhua, a #coronavirus front line doctor of the Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine at Wuhan Jiangxia District No. 1 People's Hospital, has passed away at age 29. He and his fiancée had planned to get married on February 1, but decided to postpone. 
The number of coronavirus cases in South Korea confirmed to be 156. This is a huge jump from 82 cases yesterday. According to JTBC, there are at least 409 people among 3,000 surveyed in Shinchon that inhibited symptoms of Wuhan virus. Please wear masks and stay safe.  …
What was it like to spend 2 wks in quarantine on a US military base? Read this fascinating visual diary by one of my fellow evacuees, Blair Zong, a Chinese American woman who grew up in Wuhan. The part about saying goodbye to her grandparents...  …
FBI arrested a Harvard professor Chemistry and Chemical Biology Department on 28 Jan 2020 who was paid $50k monthly by China's 1000-Talents program. Biological Samples were stolen and involved Wuhan University of Technology 
#Japan has reported 728 confirmed cases of #COVID19 as of 11 pm on Feb 20: -634 on board #DiamondPrincess cruise ship -14 flew back from Wuhan by chartered plane -80 domestic cases Three died from the #COVID19 in the 
This district in Beijing has a corona density just a little less than Wuhan. I'm just gonna leave this right and run for cover  …
Peng Yinhua, a frontline doctor at Jiangxia First Hospital in virus epicenter #Wuhan, died of #COVID19 on Thursday night. He had earlier delayed his wedding as he wanted to treat patients with the disease at 
Again why did Wuhan Customs conduct a #coronavirus infection emergency drill on Sept 18, 2019?  …
“Everything looked like the movie ‘Contagion.’” A woman returning from Wuhan, China, gave us a look at life inside a U.S. coronavirus quarantine. 
“According to a table  the ‘infection density’ of cities or areas — the number of confirmed cases per square kilometer —Xicheng district ranks second, with an infection density just lower than the epicenter Wuhan.”  …
Mini-outbreaks of #coronavirus in Beijing heighten fears. Clusters detected at two hospitals in part of #China capital home to gov’t offices like Finance Ministry, central bank & financial institutions. “Infection density” in district “just lower” than Wuhan, state media reports.
4chan user spoofs his location on Grindr to bypass Chinese censors---Proceeds to catfish gay guys in Wuhan province and ask them about the numbers of infected and dead 
2/20 #WuhanCoronavirus Huangpi New River Bridge, 60 kilometers away from Wuhan. People who fished there shot this video. It was fairly sunny day but the fishes seemed to be frightened. Anyone can explain what’s going on? Many believe it is ominous. 
The HiFly A380 once again carrying evacuees from Wuhan.  
A family of four in Anlu City, Hubei Province, was publicly humiliated and paraded through the streets by police on Feb 14 for playing poker at home. Police also ordered them to publicly read out a "repentance" letter afterwards. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #COVID19 
To contain coronavirus, police forbid street vendors from gathering and destroy their goods. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 
Ukrainian villagers STONE buses bringing countrymen evacuated from Wuhan to coronavirus quarantine (VIDEOS) 
Yesterday in Zhejiang Province where I lived, there were only 2 new confirm cases and 65 cured cases. People will return to work tomorrow. The situation in Wuhan is also getting better. After watching the news about the Japanese gov's response plan, I worry more about them.
Family friend, an elder Japanese woman, was in cinema in fancy middle class bit of London. WASPy lady sitting next to her just asks "Are you from Hong Kong?" Suspecting she knew why she was asked Chiyoko responded "No... I'm from Wuhan." WASP lady legit just got up and left lmao
Gates is running pretty scared right now. The particular strain of Coronavirus that was 'stolen' out of the Canadian P4 lab and into Wuhan is from AFRICA!!! He's been 'real quiet since this came out.
RIDERS OF WUHAN, WHAT NEWS FROM THE MARK?  …
Those "coronavirus conspiracies" are so stupid. Most of them haven't been to China nor can read Chinese. I lived in Hangzhou and my parents lives in Wuhan. We have bean stay at home for the past month but we have plenty of food. Actually I got fat for eating to well.
In Nantong City, Jiangsu Province, a family forcibly taken away by people in protective suits. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 
#Ukrainian protesters hurl stones at buses carrying #Wuhan #coronavirus evacuees in #NovyeSanzhary MORE:  
Anyone else sick of seeing fake news lie about Tom Cotton? He's right about the origins of the corona-virus. He's right about Wuhan's Level 4 Bio-Lab. Fake news has gathered up to condemn him. Proof he is telling the truth is right here  …
this virus was engineered in a lab in Wuhan no, that's not a conspiracy theory. China wanted to weaponize it in Hong Kong but, it backfired  …
Devastated wife of Wuhan hospital chief wails and chases van taking his body to crematorium 
Heard the same thing from two sources (I cannot independently verify it) that #Beijing just had some sort of meeting and it is going to upgrade the #COVID19 control level to that of #Wuhan. People asked to purchase and store food, water, and battery. 从两处听到同一消息，不知真假 
Bannon’s War Room with special guest Guo WenGui aka Miles KWOK, talking about the Pandora’s box being opened in WuHan! 6 millions infected and 250K deaths, who are responsible ? Check this out 
China developed 'CoVid19' the Corona Virus at it's Wuhan Biological Lab. It was Specifically Engineered and Developed to be used as an Offensive Weapon for the Extermination of Humans. This Did Not Evolve In Nature! CONGRESS: #HoldChinaAccountable  …
Me: *posts a video of ppl in Wuhan helping each other out* Some moron: This is CCP propaganda
Plasma from the blood of recovered #coronavirus patients is being used to treat some patients in serious condition in Wuhan, according to Chinese state media. Plasma therapy has reportedly proved effective in treating such cases 
Doctor and patient are seen exchanging each other's Tai Chi skills in one of the temporary hospitals for #COVID19 patients in #Wuhan. 
As Wuhan waits for the coronavirus to pass, one group has emerged as the city’s lifeblood: delivery drivers. They keep their neighbors fed and supplied, despite the dangers to themselves. I interviewed one of them, Zhang Sai.  …
"If I don't deliver the food, they will have nothing to live on." - Wuhan is under lockdown, but these are the everyday heroes that keep it going. #coronavirus 
Images of health workers in Wuhan. Over 1,700 of them have been infected by the #coronavirus, including some who have died. Health workers transcend borders and boundaries. Please maintain them in your active thoughts. They are our most precious resource. #COVID19 
Drone shots of Wuhan. It’s literally a Ghost Town. #Wuhan 
#China France sent a medical cargo shipment for use in hospital facilities in #Wuhan to show #solidarity with China. This operation was coordinated by the Ministry, @CdCMAE, supported by @MinSoliSante, the EU, @LVMH and civil society. Our statement  
According to yesterday's #CCP numbers: #Hubei province had 349 new #COVID19 cases, including 615 cases from #Wuhan. What is the relationship between Hubei and Wuhan? The later is one of many cities in Hubei 湖北新增349其中武汉615？离奇统计引热议  …
The #Coronavirus outbreak, mapped. The EU has helped deliver 30+ tonnes of supplies to China and coordinated repatriation of hundreds of EU citizens from Wuhan and the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship in Japan. Thank you and , for helping EU citizens safely back 
A plane carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from Wuhan, China, arrived today at Kharkiv Airport in eastern Ukraine -- and was met by protests 
From20200124 till now,YIJIANQINXIN has provided 22 pieces of material support for wuhan and other cities. Material support is continuing.All public welfare is conducted in the name of li yongqin. #tenlee_1001 #TENChittaphon 
1/n Shameful & Disgraceful for #Pakistan, Zero Dependability & Credibility of #Pakistan Government in minds of #Pakistani Citizens stranded in #Wuhan Over 1000 #Pakistan students stranded. #PakistanFM even skipped briefing & did not meet families of stranded students ..
#SaudiArabia's Humantarian arm, @KSRelief_EN, is supplying emergency medical equipment  the #coronavirus in China, in an urgent effort to help citizens and medical staff of #Wuhan and elsewhere. 
Don't tell me Wuhan Customs conducted a #coronavirus infection emergency drill on Sept 18, 2019. Why @HuXijin_GT? what did they know which we still don't know?  …
Eng. translation of report about #Wuhan's drill on Sep 18, 2019. "A passenger on the flight felt  had trouble breathing, and showed unstable vital signs”, "simulating an actual case of the Novel #Coronavirus infection..." captured from  
The plot thickens with #coronavirus. Harvard Professor helped develop lab in Wuhan. All a conspiracy or is there something here? Even Snopes says mixture which is like asking a child. Why Harvard Professor Charles Lieber Was Arrested : NPR  …
"When the cherry blossoms bloom and fall, the beauty of the world is tightly connected to you." Liu Yuying, a medical personnel at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, adapted the lyrics of a song for all the medical staff who contribute to the treatment of 
Soros owns a Bio-lab in Wuhan.....why isn't anyone talking about that???
Zhao Yuhua, professor #Wuhan University, is infected with #COVID2019 (Entire family infected. Spouse, Professor He Zhi already died on Feb. 3) and needs urgent blood donation from cured patients of #Coronavirus. Contact Ms. He on 0086-13986080263 if you can 
"I'm exhausted, but for the medical staff, it's only their daily routine." Xinhua journalist Xu Yang visits a critical care isolation ward for #coronavirus patients in Wuhan, China. 
Plasma from the blood of recovered #coronavirus patients is being used to treat some patients in serious condition in Wuhan, according to Chinese state media. Plasma therapy has reportedly proved effective in treating such cases 
Feb 19, Sinopec transferred another 55 tons of up-to-standard high-purity medical oxygen to #Wuhan Tongji Hospital, providing basic medical supplies for the frontline treating the infected patients of the #COVD19.  
Apparently this took place in Hong Kong. #ChinaVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #coronaviruschina #wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak #China #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanVirus 
Special skincare products arrive in Wuhan for medics on front line 
As learned from Fukushima and now Wuhan, no one actually knows where the 3,000 parts that go into the average  from. (Warning to politicians thinking they can costlessly manipulate supply chains via trade deals or tariffs.) By  …
Developments across #China undermine the Communist Party's narrative that #COVID19 is subsiding. Why else would the authorities block #CDC and #WHO virologists from investigating cases in #Wuhan?  …
Looks like we might have another "Wuhan" outside of China. The South Korea city of Deagu (pop 2.5m=Chicago) has reported 73 new cases in the last 2 days. Authorities have told every to "stay indoors"  @MishGEA @chrismartenson @ErikSTownsend 
Just In From Wuhan, China: 98.5% of residents interviewed this morning say no way in hell they would trade places with Michael Bloomberg. #DemDebate #CoronaVirus
Plane with Ukrainians from Wuhan to Ukraine 
In order to bring Ukrainians evacuated from #Wuhan to quarantine in the medical center in Novy Sanzhary, the authorities have to use the National Guard and armored vehicles. Locals protest, block roads fearing the spread of the #coronavirus” 
Over 400 hot pot restaurants across SW #China's Sichuan Province, known for its spicy cuisine, to offer one-year free meals for Sichuan medical workers who join Wuhan's battle against the 
I didn’t believe the Corona virus Wuhan-400 conspiracy theories at first so i had to find the book and look through it myself...WTF It actually says China will use biological warfare the Wuhan-400 virus and even has the details of its nature...This was published in 1981 RT!!! 
Think the Wuhan virus outbreak is slowing? Doesn't feel that way on the ground. My Beijing  just instituted new rules barring nonresidents. We need special passes to get in & out. Only 3 passes/apt. Sorry family of 4. You're out of luck.
One of the @WSJ reporters being expelled from China, @Chao_Deng, has been in Wuhan "exposing herself to potential illness" to tell the world the truth about #coronavirus  … @pressfreedom @RSF_en 
Raveesh Kumar, MEA: Govt of India has decided to send an aircraft consignment of medical supplies on a relief flight to Wuhan and this a small way to express our support to China as it continues to fight against #covid19 
OFFICIAL: Sevilla have confirmed Daniel Carriço has joined Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall FC. 
A day in the life of  worker: On February 17, Wuhan started its latest round of citywide screening to uncover #coronavirus cases. The city has ordered a three-day extensive search, requiring residential areas to conduct door-to-door 
Parents of Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan are demanding their children be evacuated from the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak. #COVID19 Latest:  
Why Wuhan of all places 
STATE SAYS Sh1.3m to be given to Kenyan students in Wuhan for upkeep; Govt spokesman Cyrus Oguna says 100 Kenyans are in the Chinese city. 
"If I don't deliver the food, they will have nothing to live on." - Wuhan is under lockdown, but these are the everyday heroes that keep it going. #coronavirus 
Stay strong #Wuhan! Stay strong #China! Stay strong 
Japanese infectious diseases expert calls for action to prevent "second Wuhan" in Japan 
"Salute to the government. We love Modi ji. Because of him, we are here." These are the words of students rescued from Wuhan in China. No matter where our citizens are, Hon. PM @narendramodi ji's govt. takes care of them. Many thanks to Hon. @DrSJaishankar ji & his 
Anna Liu never expected to  a volunteer in Wuhan. But the former journalist found her calling on a trip home over the lunar new year. Now she gathers info to help her neighbors manage life under quarantine. Nice slice of life from 
One of my friends gets LED lighting, fittings etc manufactured with own branding from #Guangzhou around a 1000kms from #Wuhan He says everything  shutdown. Earliest manufacturing start is 1st Week of March Real and Fear impact of #coronavirus largely underestimated
Footage has emerged of disinfectant being sprayed on a playground in Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak. Read the latest on the outbreak here:  
Two severe #coronavirus patients are discharged from hospital after receiving holistic treatment in Wuhan 
China is shutting down internet in Wuhan
Ok this is pretty funny. RT @Cameron_Gray: Michael Bloomberg's debate performance was like drinking New Coke in a Ford Pinto driving through Chernobyl on the way to the Hindenburg for a trip to Wuhan #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate 
Delighted to hear that all the Nepali returned from Wuhan are negative in their first test for #COVID19. Good Luck for  …
Just in: Foxconn said today that 2020 revenue will be impacted by Wuhan Coronavirus. We knew that. What's interesting, factories in: *India *Vietnam *Mexico are all fully loaded And, it's further expanding overseas
1MDB Fugitive Jho Low Was Active in Wuhan, Malaysia Police Say - “I have told Kuala Lumper International Airport to monitor if  back with Coronavirus.” Isn’t China’s underground nuclear Great Wall in Hubei? ⁦ @MischaEDM⁩ ⁦  …
Jho Low, the fugitive businessman at the center of the 1MDB scandal, may be hiding in Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak began, according to Malaysian authorities. 
 to #Wuhan! Newly appointed Consul General of #SouthKorea in Wuhan, Kang Seung-seok, arrived in the city on a cargo plane Thursday midnight, with relief supplies donated by the Korean government, enterprises, and private sectors. 
Chinese singer and actor #WangYibo performed a finger #dance of the song #NeverGiveUp on Thursday to support #Wuhan. #COVID19 #coronavirus #王一博 #wyb #왕이보 
Luo Wenhao, a  of #Huoshenshan and #Leishenshan projects, had just finished installation of 4,000m² ventilation pipes when he heard his wife had given birth to a baby girl. He named his daughter Yuanhan  his experience of helping #Wuhan. 
There are people in Wuhan, China tonight who feel luckier and will sleep better than Michael Bloomberg. #Trump2020
With insufficient hospital beds in the fight against #Covid19, Wuhan has turned to converting public buildings into temporary facilities. 
A thriller novel, The Eyes of Darkness, written by Dean Koontz in 1981, mentioned a virus named Wuhan-400. In the novel, the virus was created as a weapon in a laboratory. "Wuhan-400 is a perfect weapon. It afflicts only human beings..." #COVID2019 
China Deploys 40 Incinerators To Wuhan Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
Feb. 19, medical supplies worth about HK $300,000 fund raised by 629 employees of Sinopec's subsidiaries in Hong Kong, were transported to the #COVID19-designated makeshift hospital in Qiaokou district, #Wuhan. Find more:  
 #HongKong police college joined the #CCP propaganda army, to “encourage #Coronavirus epidemic control in #Wuhan”, gosh they spoke mandarin.... @StandNewsHK #香港警察學院加入9叫武漢加油 
Pray for those suffering under President Xi. Pray for the people in Wuhan. Pray that Jesus will give them the strength to preserve. Pray that Jesus will bring  joy, peace, love and hope. Pray for those affected by #coronavirus 
”Mike Bloomberg is an infectious Wuhan bat.” -Why I love this woman  …
SMOKING GUN: #China Bought #Weaponized #Wuhan #Virus From US Watch &share this #exclusive #bombshell intel now! #Bioweapons expert Dr #FrancisBoyle joins The Alex Jones Show 2 expose smoking gun linking..  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #coronavavirus 
Live: Construction of #Wuhan's Leishenshan prefab hospital for #coronavirus patients continues  …
Since its inception Democrats were responsible for KKK, slavery, anti civil rights and other political atrocities against minorities incl our republic Dems sold it to Bloomberg to bring those atrocities back Mike Bloomberg is an infectious Wuhan bat #DemocraticDebate
#China  about #Auspol's travel ban all they like but they caused this problem, not us. The #CCP are like a toddler having a tantrum in isle 3 after they knocked over a display of glass bottles. #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus
2/ Though people returned from #China are required to be quarantined, they can actually leave home during 14-day incubation. Although inflected with #COVID19, a Wuhan couple were also found fled from hospital to escape from quarantine.
Long walks in Wuhan
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital. 
This bacteria-killing UV light robot helps a Wuhan hospital diagnose #coronavirus patients. It disinfects its CT scanner to prevent 
“The Wuhan No. 1 Hospital lacks vegetables and rice,” a medical staff said. “Please donate!” In a phone call with the Chinese-language @EpochTimes, a staff member at #WuhanHospital No. 1 confirmed that they were running out of  …
Hospital staff in #Wuhan use sign language to care for COVID-19 patient 
Our data has been showing this virus locked in, for the most part, around the Wuhan area, but nothing is certain. Everyone be safe out there.  …
The Chinese regime has deployed "wartime propaganda" measures to censor info about the Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak, a leaked internal doc shows Paid  have made  to “counter the negative public opinions," it  …
Banning private cars in all of Hubei province (58 million people) sure seems a bit excessive if there really are only 13 new cases in Hubei outside of Wuhan
On #COVID19 "Instead of deriding people’s fears about the Wuhan #coronavirus, I would advise officials and reporters to focus more on the high likelihood that things will get worse and the not-so-small possibility that they will get much worse."  …
Why thousands of deadly coronavirus cases may have been missed in Wuhan: City authorities put too much emphasis on contact with seafood market, doctors say.  …
Rumor has it that the CCP will be disabling the internet in Wuhan soon.  …
"Yesterday morning he was still able to speak...It’s all because of their delay!...How can I get through this without my dad?"  VIDEO: A young girl cries on the street of #Wuhan over the death of her father. Video by @News_NTD
A Wisconsin couple and their two little girls are finally back together in the US. It was a long  -- first on lockdown in Wuhan for Daisy Roth and her daughters, then evacuation to California, and a two-week quarantine at Travis Air Force Base 
Who is really counting, 2000 deaths my ass. The units are able to crush solid waste, incinerate it, and then 'purify the smoke.' This is not the flu... China Deploys 40 Mobile Incinerators To Wuhan: Report | Zero Hedge  …
#China - cancer patients in Wuhan can’t access key treatments -pregnant women w/ medical conditions turned away from full hospitals -people infected w/ HIV have run short of essential drugs -medical access challenges  …
Its just the Flu, nothing to see here. China Deploys 40 Mobile Incinerators To Wuhan: Report | Zero Hedge  …
EXCLUSIVE:Chinese citizens believe #Coronavirus PATIENT ZERO worked in Wuhan bioweapons lab, according to Chinese national who recently returned to Canada from quarantined mainland China. They also don’t believe government info, including death toll. 
China Deploys 40 Mobile Incinerators To Wuhan: Report  …
Horrific!! Why aren’t we getting any reports from China? WTH is going on? I’m praying for all! Struggling to Survive, Civilians Resort to ‘Self Help’ in Virus-Hit Wuhan  …
A 1-year-old child—called “Case 76”—who contracted #COVID19 after being evacuated from virus epicenter #Wuhan made a full recovery and was discharged from a hospital in #Singapore. Follow  …
In #wuhan, the #CoronavirusOutbreak epicenter, patients have to go through a lengthy bureaucratic process to apply for hospitalization. Frustrated with the lack of care, armies of volunteers have stepped in to help them get treatment.  …
A virus called Wuhan-400 causes outbreak … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events?  …
Islamabad: Family members of the Pakistani students, who are stuck in Wuhan (China), protest demanding evacuation of students from the #coronavirus affected city. 
China raced to treat #COVID19 patients with mild symptoms or in severe conditions alike in #Wuhan as the number of hospital designated beds has risen to about 40,000 and supporting medical personnel over 30,000: health authority 
*Be World Health Origination *Tell people you have boots on the ground *That was in Jan *It was like 4 guys *They stuck around for a few days *They were the "China team" *Currently drinking lattes in Beijing *People ask are you going back to Wuhan *LOL fuck no 
shock! 40 mobile crematoriums for Wuhan, each with capacity to bur 5 tons per day. Mainland media recently revealed that nearly 40 mobile incinerators were transferred to Wuhan for support, so that the real death toll has again became the focus.  …
#WangPing, director of #Wuhan No. 8 #Hospital, is in critical condition after being infected with #Coronavirus, according to Chinese state-run media. The  less than 2 days after the director of another leading Wuhan hospital died of  …
Shocking video shows Quarantine VIOLATORS being herded into the No.2 hospital for “Reeducation" at the Qingshan District of #Wuhan After being caught walking the streets w/out permission They are SHOUTING "Qingshan stay strong”  
The Kenyans in  about 'one meal a day' don't know it is a blessing in disguise. One meal a day kicks them into autophagy and ketosis. No self-limiting virus can survive in such an environment.
First coronavirus patient had NO connection to Wuhan seafood market - so did the disease start elsewhere? 
India to evacuate some Myanmar nationals from #coronavirus hit Wuhan city, onboard the C17 aircraft of @IAF_MCC which is being sent tomorrow with medical relief material to China. This special aircraft will bring many indians who could  during earlier 
Wuhan Mother Speaks Out: "No Beds, No Medicine, All Lies"  …
Over 1,900 tons of #disinfectants have been dropped into the #drainage system and 26 sewage plants across #Wuhan since Jan. 29 to prevent #COVID19 pathogens entering sewers, according to local 
How do you disinfect a city five times the size of London? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip as he shadows a water cannon squad in #Wuhan #WuhanToday epi.06 
Senator Tom Cotton says that China is refusing to hand over evidence concerning the bio-safety level 4 research lab in Wuhan despite a new report from biological scientists saying it may have been the source of the coronavirus outbreak. 
- Just in - Back in September, the Airport in Wuhan, China held a *coronavirus* outbreak drill. Of all the diseases... they chose that one? Predictive programming much?  …
Pretty wild if true. 1MDB's Jho Low seems to have been hiding out in Wuhan the past year or so. This dude needs to see a Feng Shui specialist, coz if he's still in Wuhan, that's just damn unlucky cc @ninaandtito @JamesFourM @thespybrief  …
Last night, people from Qingshan District in #Wuhan taken to No. 2 Hospital of Wuhan Iron & Steel Corp to be "educated" after being caught for walking on the street. What they shout is "Qingshan stay strong." Click here for more:  #COVID2019 
China govt is up to something deadly and #CoronavirusOutbreak is likely to be a test. Chinese scientists said Corona Virus originated at a Govt Bioweapons Research facility in Wuhan, rather than Huanan seafood markets as claimed.  
"People in the Wuhan Province have been told they are going to be in quarantine until the middle of May. We don't know how this is going to turn out." #FoxNews — 
A total of 22,000 #PekingAlumni around the world raised over 8 million yuan in 6 days and have already purchased and shipped 100,000 facemasks to 4 makeshift hospitals in Wuhan. Altogether, Pekingers have donated 250,000 masks to #Hubei. Relief efforts are still 
(Neighbour) Shenzhen, the most infected city outside of Wuhan, resumes issuing various visas for Hong Kong #HELP! KILL HK PLAN 
While he criticizes Japanese administration, he praised Chinese administration for its dealing of Wuhan virus on Jan. 23, saying it was wonderful and ideal. As you know, the disease has expanded in spite of its "ideal" policy, killing thousands of people.  …
Very strange coincidence in China, involving a coronavirus emergency drill, in Wuhan, around 3 months before the virus outbreak:  …
Lindsey Gp reports #China sent 'Major general Chen wei ' to Wuhan to oversee activities there. But until recently her job was China's top person in biochemical warfare. Researcher for Med institute of the academy of military sciences. ? @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness @SenTomCotton
He is a left-wing activist trying to overturn the administration. He used to live in China and have been in favor of CCP. At first, he openly insisted Wuhan virus was not dangerous in defense of China and misled Japanese people. I advise you not to take his words seriously.
"It turns out that the boy is held in China – more specifically in Wuhan, the site of a deadly virus outbreak. Here is the passage that is raising eyebrows across the web…"  …
#Japanese garage kit maker @meetissai decides to donate all revenue from the selling of his garage kit inspired by a #cat wearing a mask in China to #Wuhan Charity Federation to show his support for people fighting 
Not sure whether it is true. Rough translation: A friend from #Wuhan just said that someone was taken away by the police for not wearing a mask, had a dispute with the police during the process, and beaten to death by the police with fists and batons on the spot...  …
Students, who were air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation, are full of praise for the Modi Government, This is the slap on those faces who are making kids abuse Modi & Shah in Shaheen bagh. 
An 83-year-old woman is one of the first two cured #coronavirus patients discharged from a SARS treatment-model hospital in Wuhan. 
Two more military-led hospitals, with a planned capacity of 860 and 700 beds, respectively, have been put into use in Wuhan  
Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, has put 12 temporary hospitals into operation  
We have allowed Chinese to continue traveling into Kenya. Even their own embassy now is asking them to self-quarantine with no monitoring by GOK. But we can't hire a private jet to get 80 Kenyan students out of Wuhan. All we have done is pray for 'blood of Jesus'. Ushenzi sana
Don't disturb him, just let him have his fun The workout routine of a policeman on duty in #Wuhan has  a hit online during the #COVID19 
As a volunteer in Wuhan, Anna Liu doesn’t provide transportation, food or face masks, but information. She helps people get treatment and hospital beds at a time when everyone seems to be struggling to make sense of the coronavirus crisis. 
People are so greedy! #wuhan  – at Wuhan (武汉市)
I had an interview with Al Jazeera yesterday about my situation in Wuhan and evacuation of the Ugandans(Africans) by our respective governments. @JaneRuth_Aceng @nbstv @mofpedU @JanetMuseveni  …
And on the ground in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus, @Chao_Deng has been taking great personal risk to show us how people with no medical training are trying to contain the epidemic. We wouldn't have these insights without her.  …
The daily count of newly cured and discharged cases in Hubei, excluding the capital city of Wuhan, has exceeded the number of newly confirmed cases for four consecutive days as of Wednesday.  …
IGP Tan Sri Abdul Hamid Bador has called on Jho Low to return to Malaysia, especially if he has been infected with Covid-19 "Our intelligence (service) has traced him (Low) to being in Wuhan....If he is infected, ask him  back and we will give him the best treatment." 
WUHAN, CHINA... 6 Months Ago, Thousands of Wuhan Citizens Protested Against the Chinese Government's Plan to Build High Pollution Garbage Incinerators in Their City. The Chinese Media Tried to Silenced This Story. And Now, The People of Wuhan Are Under Attack. COINCIDENCE?  …
BREAKING NEWS : Many leading Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say COVID-19 (coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons research facility in Wuhan, rather than the widely-held belief that it emerged from the city's Huanan seafood markets. 
FG bawo? The Ambassador gave the group of 65 Nigerians the sum of 1million naira (20,000 RMB) and said it was a personal donation from him. Between, we have repeatedly asked to be evacuated as Wuhan has been on a lockdown for a month, already. Nigeria  …
Just when you think the Jho Low story can't get any crazier, Malaysia's police say he might have been hiding out in Wuhan and they're monitoring Kuala Lumpur airport in case  back with coronavirus...  … by @AnisahShukry #COVID19
Wuhan whistle blower risks her life exposing China's real motivation behind the Corona Virus; to silence its protesters by quarantining and killing its uninfected dissidents !!! 
Wuhan has been on lockdown due to #coronavirus but the city and its people are strong. The Chinese people will certainly win the battle. This video salutes everyone on the front 
Reporters, please cover the dumping of hundreds of persons into Yokohama, from the Wuhan East Diamond Princess. They were not quarantined, the ship was. Those people might as well be getting off a plane from Wuhan.  …
Eun Jiwon Baidu bar and C-1kyne donated 300 of medical isolation gowns and 10.000 medical gloves to Wuhan centre hospital to help the fight against the COVID-19 #eunjiwon 
One of the Wall Street Journal reporters expelled from China today, @Chao_Deng, is in Wuhan, putting herself in the coronavirus's way to bring readers stories of how ordinary people are coping with the outbreak. This is the essence of foreign correspondence: to be on the ground.  …
I consider myself one of Wuhan people: An Iranian's helping hand amid COVID fight Sina Karami, the only foreign barista at a coffee shop in Wuhan, chose to stay in the virus-hit city and deliver free coffee for medical workers. Why? Read his story:  
#Yemen's government thanks the #UAE for evacuating Yemeni students in the #Chinese city of #Wuhan and making arrangements for receiving them and placing them in temporary quarantine in #Emirates. First positive diplomatic tone since UAE / Yemen's government standoff last  …
Three expulsions are @joshchin @Chao_Deng and @PhilipWen11, with 20  experience in China, all fluent in history, politics, economics, language. One (CD) has been stuck in Wuhan lately doing illuminating work with no way to actually leave  …
I’ve been following this girl in Wuhan through TikTok and... holy shit. I can’t imagine what she must be feeling right now. 
More good news that today the next group of more than 30 people we helped get out of Wuhan left Christmas Island to head home, the last of those who were quarantined there. All of them have been declared free of Coronavirus. 
The IGP, Abdul Hamid Bador, said Interpol has already issued a Red Notice for Jho Low and it is now confirmed that he is hiding in Wuhan, China. Next month, the IGP can make another announcement that Jho Low was infected with the coronavirus and has since died. FILE CLOSED. 
The nr of #Wuhan #Coronavirus infections on the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship has increased to 540 The worst #Locust-outbreak in 50 years hits East Africa. Scientists warn that the swarms can grow by 500 times & reach India Pandemia & locusts? The 10 plagues of Egypt V 
#Tehran's landmark Azadi tower lit up in solidarity with Chinese people as they fight novel coronavirus. Stay strong #China, stay strong #Wuhan! 
#HeartwarmingMoments: Wang Yong, a deliveryman in Wuhan, volunteers to offer transfer services and daily necessities for medics on the frontline amid the #CoronavirusOutbreak, helping out and encouraging others to help too.  
#coronavirus Kills #Chinese Film Director and Family in #Wuhan He was not able to get treatment since the hospitals were full Chang’s father & mother were infected & died. Chang & his sister, who looked after their parents, were both infected and died  …
A vendor prepares a frog for sale at a street market, Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, 2019. 
Director of Wuhan hospital dies of coronavirus as death toll passes 2,000 in China 
. @WHO Director-General @DrTedros expressed his "deepest condolences" over the death of Liu Zhiming, head of Wuhan's Wuchang Hospital, who died from the #coronavirus Tuesday, noting in a tweet that Liu "touched and saved numerous lives in the #COVID19 
#Wuhan's largest temporary hospital with 4,500 beds to open. It will be the largest one of its kind in the city. 
Why are the Kenyan students left stranded in Wuhan City if Chinese #Coronavirus victims are just allowed in to the country??? That's not fair at all.! If this is the case then our Kenyan students must be evacuated . #coronaviruskenya
#India to send military aircraft to #China tomorrow to evacuate its nationals from novel #coronavirus-hit Wuhan.
A doctor in Zhejiang province conducted a #5G-assisted ultrasound on a #COVID19 patient some 700 km away in Wuhan on Tue, marking the first application of 5G tech in the treatment of the coronavirus. 
Canadian lady chose to stay in Wuhan as she didn't want to abandon her cat  
THIS CHINESE BILLIONAIRE IS A CRITIC OF CHINA. DO YOU BELIEVE HIM OR GOV'T? MilesGuo: 'in #Wuhan, 49 crematories have been burning corpses 24/7 for at least 17 days, each day, 1,200 bodies burnt.' THAT COMES TO OVER 50'000 DEAD. #coronavirus  09
Cheating death: China's Wuhan coronavirus survivors recall ordeal  …
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP): The last batch of six people (who came from Wuhan, China) at ITBP quarantine facility in Chhawla, Delhi leaves for their homes  all the #Coronavirus screening. All 406 people have been discharged from the ITBP camp 
Video shows bodies in Wuhan street after novel coronavirus outbreak? No, this video shows people sleeping rough in the Chinese city of Shenzhen  
It's just the flu it will all blow over soon.... Nurse and her 3 family members die of COVID-19 in Wuhan - Global Times  …
I spoke to a Kenyan student Jeffrey Okundi in Wuhan, Hubei province on #Newsnight yesterday. He opened up on the mental anxiety of the lockdown, his feelings as other countries evacuate their citizens & the Kenyan Governments response to the coronavirus outbreak. 
Kenyan student in Wuhan: We survive on one meal a day  …
It is so shameful that Kenyan government hasn't reached out to Kenyan students in Wuhan. The students instead, just get to hear about everything in the media. This is Jeffrey Okundi, a Kenyan Student in Wuhan. 
Policemen stationed to guard a “Fangcang” makeshift hospital in #Wuhan, practice martial arts at midnight to ward off cold. 
Enhanced preparedness for treating #COVID19 patients: #Wuhan will turn 16 universities to quarantine sites to offer 15,000 rooms as a backup, as the city enters the decisive stage of fighting the epidemic (File Photo) 
China: outbreak started in market Wuhan Actual: Dec 1, 1st pt. no exposure to market China: no sustained h2h transmission Actual: sustained h2h transmission early in outbreak, healthcare workers infected China: local gov't mishandled Actual: Xi knew early Jan #COVID19
Prominent Wuhan Doctor and Hospital Director Dies from Coronavirus as Cases Top 72,000  …
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  01
A 1-year-old child—called “Case 76”—who contracted #COVID19 after being evacuated from virus epicenter #Wuhan made a full recovery and was discharged from a hospital in #Singapore. Follow @EpochTimesChina for  …
Around 40,000 packs of sanitary napkins, raised by China Women's Development Foundation, have arrived in #Wuhan to be delivered to female medical workers fighting #coronavirus on the front 
This dog was left alone when its owner got stuck in Wuhan’s #coronavirus lockdown. A neighbour helped out by sending it food and water on a 
First coronavirus patient had NO connection to Wuhan seafood market - so did the disease start elsewhere? An earlier paper said 14 out of the first 41 patients were not linked to the place  …
“Because he [patient zero] was ill, he basically didn’t go outdoors,” said Wu Wenjuan. The 1st #Coronavirus patient in #China did not have contact with a wild animal and seafood market in #Wuhan, @BBC reported. Follow @EpochTimesChina for  …
#Wuhan hospital head dies from #coronavirus; Doctors knew virus contagious before official report Watch full video on "China in Focus":  To subscribe for more  first-hand news from China, please click here:  
Ineffective screening: While evacuating - 2 infected people were missed (out of 126 people from Wuhan to Frankfurt) by symptom-based screening process. It’s these medical journal data reports that worry me the most about #SARSCoV2 containment. #COVID19  
The toll on #China’s health workers. The chief of a top hospital in Wuhan, #virus epicenter has died— the seventh out of more than 3,000 infected medical personnel. @CNBC  …
The #WHO praised #China for its response to the #CoronaVirus, citing the country's ability to build a hospital in 10 days. Look at one of #Wuhan's "hospitals" (read: morgues). The #CCP is more concerned with saving face than savings its own 
I’ll be on @TuckerCarlson’s show around 8:00 pm ET talking Wuhan virus
. @TomCottonAR: Coronavirus *may* be connected to the Wuhan lab, we don’t know. @washingtonpost : We’ve “debunked” Cotton, cite expert as evidence. Exact same expert in a different article: "actually, can't rule out a lab incident." Media bias in a 
A Canadian girl is stuck in Wuhan and is unable to evacuate because they won’t allow her cat to join her on the flight back to Canada. I would do the same thing in her position so I felt I should share her story  …
Senator Cotton: China Refusing To Hand Over Evidence About Wuhan BioLab 
We can call this weird if not a bombshell. On Sep 18, 2019, Tianhe Airport in #Wuhan did an "emergency response drill", presuming a passenger had #Coronavirus infection...Why on earth out of over 10K disease, they chose #Coronavirus? #COVID2019 
#COVID19 NEJM report on Germany evacuation of 126 ppl from #Wuhan  … Important warning that symptom-based screening was ineffective - All 7 symptomatic passengers tested negative - 2 asymptomatic tested positive w/ shedding of potentially infectious 
Corona Virus Predicted: In 1981 Dean Kootz wrote a NY no1 best seller book “The eyes of Darkness” the Fictional book focuses around a Chinese Military Lab in WUHAN that creates an Airborne Bio weapon “Wuhan400” that mistakenly spread. Believe IT! #coronaviruskenya 
. @nytimes "reporter" @jotted lied when she said that I claimed the Wuhan coronavirus was a "Chinese bioweapon run amok" (her words, not mine). I simply said we couldn't rule out any possibility yet for the virus' origin, including a laboratory accident.  …
Why Wuhan? Did you know that Wuhan was the capital of the Nationalist Chinese during Mao and fled to set up the government of Taiwan? Do you believe in coincidences? Do you believe MSM is honest? Do you believe Chinese State media?  …
So a book published in 1981 already predicted corona virus (wuhan-400) 
Did CHINA unleash #BioMediaWarfare on its OWN PEOPLE to CRUSH the Health & Freedom Movements in Hong Kong & Wuhan?  …
This new Coronavirus has now killed the most senior doctor in Wuhan, as well as the doctor that originally sounded the alarm and other health professionals. What happens when nurses and other doctors are too scared to show up?
A nurse's online post of a photo using a milk box handler to relief the pain of wearing masks for too long goes viral on Chinese social media. While just a day after,  Yili donated 15,000 handlers for front-line medics fighting against #COVID19 in #Wuhan. 
Glad other news sources @arirangworld @arirangtvnews from South Korea are starting to tell the truth the #coronavirus is likely a bio weapon that escaped or was let out of the bio weapon lab in #Wuhan. We currently have no way to stop this pandemic, folks.  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
This dog was left alone when its owner got stuck in Wuhan’s #coronavirus lockdown. A neighbour helped out by sending it food and water on a 
First coronavirus patient had NO connection to Wuhan seafood market - so did the disease start elsewhere? 
When I said we couldn't rule out any explanation yet for the Wuhan coronavirus' origin, @washingtonpost claimed I was repeating "conspiracy theories" that experts had "debunked."  …
In this effort to evacuate 126 people from Wuhan to Frankfurt, a symptom-based screening process was ineffective in detecting #SARSCoV2 infection in 2 persons. #COVID19
TIRED. the Wuhan coronavurus came from the depths of a bushmeat market WIRED. the Wuhan coronavirus escaped from a Chinese bioweapons lab INSPIRED. the Wuhan coronavirus is ACTUALLY the first cruel sally in the War of Glorious Vietnamese Conquest  …
"Patient Zero" He is believed to have developed the disease on December 1st, almost a week earlier than the patient previously reported by Wuhan officials on December 8th. ... he has no history of exposure to the South China seafood market.  …
A 1-year-old child who contracted #COVID19 after being evacuated from virus epicenter #Wuhan made a full recovery and was discharged from a hospital in #Singapore. The child—called “Case 76”—“fully recovered from the  …
Andhra Pradesh: 35 people from the state, who were discharged from a quarantine facility in Delhi, after being evacuated from Wuhan, China, arrived at Visakhapatnam Airport yesterday. #COVID19 
The Justice Department says Lieber lied about his contact with the Chinese program known as the Thousand Talents Plan, which the U.S. has previously flagged as a serious intelligence concern & about a lucrative contract he signed with China's Wuhan University of Technology. 
“Because he [patient zero] was ill, he basically didn’t go outdoors,” said Wu Wenjuan. The first #Coronavirus ( #COVID19) patient in #China did not have contact with a wild animal and seafood market in #Wuhan where the outbreak began, @BBC  …
‘He was being paid $50,000 per month by the Chinese university and given $1.5 million to establish a nanoscience research lab at Wuhan University of Technology,  said.’  …
Staff and volunteers have worked incredibly hard to keep the Canadians travelling from Wuhan safe, healthy, and supported at @CanadianForces Base Trenton - thank 
Dead bodies all over #Wuhan #coronaviruschina Can we believe a word that China is saying?  …
UHURU KENYATTA Kimwarer and Aror dams, he didn't speak Locust, he has not spoken Mwiki demos. he ignored Kenyans in Wuhan, no word Chinese landing at JKIA all day every day, now word #coronaviruskenya suspected, no word Kimani Ngunjiri speaks, "Mimi sikulangi kwake
Wuhan Science and Technology Museum, China 
COVID-19 THREAD.. @TomCottonAR you made the foreign News. Many think the way you do. Stand strong. Be Blessed Gravitas: Is Wuhan Coronavirus a bioweapon?  via @YouTube
Update: Some 346 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan over concerns about the coronavirus have emerged from their quarantine, officials say. 
In Wuhan, China, strict quarantine measures have been imposed to try to prevent the spread of coronavirus. The mood can be somber, but people find ways to carry on. A photojournalist captured scenes of life under lockdown 
Go Strong #China, Go Strong #Wuhan! Tehran's Municipality screened message of Iranian sympathy with people of China in the fight against #COVID2019 virus on Tehran's Freedom Tower. 
WAKE UP AMERICA THIS IS SOCIALISM/ COMMUNISM #CommunismKills #Evil #Truth DEMOCRATS WANT THIS Chinese Woman Makes Stunning Claims About What&#039;s Happening With The Coronavirus In Wuhan, China! -  via @Worldstar #WSHH #WORLDSTAR
The Truth About the Coronavirus - ORIGINS? "Did coronavirus originate in Chinese government laboratory? Scientists believe killer disease may have begun in research facility 300 yards from Wuhan wet fish market...." 
Bannon: Overnight death of senior #Wuhan medical doctor who contracted #coronavirus has rattled people throughout the world, the  and particularly the #CCP  
712 People in Washington State Being Monitored for #Coronavirus Symptoms  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #CoronaVirusOutbreak #COVID19
VIDEO: AFP reporters Leo Ramirez, Hector Retamal and Sebastien Ricci are among the few journalists who covered the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, before being repatriated to France and quarantined at the Carry-le-Rouet 
180 Americans who were on the first coronavirus evacuation flight from Wuhan to Travis Air Force Base have been cleared and are out of quarantine, officials say. 
“Meals are actually very limited so you find yourself having to survive on one meal a day…” – Jeffrey Okundi, Kenyan Student in Wuhan 
Hospital director dies of coronavirus in Wuhan as China designates dead nurses and doctors as 'martyrs' - CNN 4crs ppls arrested in there houses 70K China officially infected n 1800K die  …
APPLE MOVING PRODUCTION FROM CHINA TO TAIWAN DUE TO WUHAN CORONAVIRUS 
GT: LATEST CDC PAPER FINDS OUT 104 INFECTED PATIENTS BEFORE DEC 31, 2019 WHILE THE MAJOR COVID19 OUTBREAK WAS IN MID TO LATE JAN BUT LOCAL HEALTH AUTHORITY IN WUHAN REPORTED ZERO NEW CASES DAILY FROM JAN 4 TO JAN 17.
Did you know Coronavirus was already prophecies of Dean Koontz many? years ago. And Corona broke out from Wuhan- about 50miles from the chinese bio war lab institute located in Wuhan 
C-17 aircraft to evacuate more Indians from Wuhan, carry medical supplies  …
The head of a leading hospital in Wuhan, China, the center of the coronavirus outbreak, died of the virus today, officials said. We're watching Dr. Anthony Fauci, an expert on infectious diseases, speak at a Council on Foreign Relations forum.  …
Last week, I left my US family and Wuhan high school alumni chat groups. One side jokingly questioned whether I was “contaminated” and the other side accused me of selling my people out. I had multiple emotional breakdowns and will try to stay away from social media a bit.
“Such a long incubation period would undoubtedly present a larger challenge to the whole public health effort.” #Chinese media reported a patient was diagnosed with #Coronavirus 42 days after returning home from #Wuhan.  Follow @News_NTD for more
#LiuZhiming, the head of #Wuchang Hospital and a neurologist in #Wuhan, has died of the #Coronavirus. He is the highest level #Health official to succumb to the #COVID19 virus so  …
Many leading Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say COVID-19 (coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons research facility in Wuhan I expect the media will apologize to @SenTomCotton any minute now 
550 Wuhan evacuees discharged so far from ITBP and Manesar Army quarantine camps after testing negative for  …
It is increasingly clear that the Chinese Communist Party lied extravagantly about how contagious the Wuhan virus is, how long people who contract it can spread it without displaying symptoms, and how deadly it is.
Since #COVID19 outbreak and #Wuhan lockdown, the Chinese PLA Air Force has sent 4 batches of transport aircraft, carrying medical personnel and hospital supplies to Wuhan. 
PM @narendramodi Ji lauds Wuhan evacuation team: 'In time of crisis, entire nation stands firmly united'  … via NaMo 
Scientists in #China speak out that #Coronavirus ( #COVID-19) is originated from government testing lab in #Wuhan but not the bat. This report published states that the lab could have leaked the virus while it's carrying out tests involving bats. #Chinazi 
Every death is a tragedy. The death of the #Wuhan hospital chief is also a major blow in the fight against #COVID19. Please pray for all the victims. #China  …
A prayer for all the people who are suffering around the world. May God protect, heal and watch over WUHAN 
Corruption at the UN is an incurable epidemic, because the org is engineered with no accountability to anyone. I still have no idea what WHO actually does. Their only role in the Wuhan pandemic is the throw rose petals at Xi Jinping's feet.  …
India is sending a large consignment of medical supplies to Wuhan in China on board @IAF_MCC C17 Globemaster on Thursday to help it fight the #coronavirus. Indians, who are still there and wanting  will be brought back. @ThePrintIndia
Breaking India sending it's biggest military aircraft C17 Globemaster to Wuhan, China to evacuate more s on 20th Feb. - With medical supplies to tackle the NCP virus. - With 2 sets of crew. Returning with more s on 21st. Big Political+Diplomatic+Military signal &. 
Warm  to the 7 Maldivian nationals who arrived in Male today after being evacuated from #Wuhan and spending 14 days in India. Thank you #China and #India for your help. Wish all returnees and all Maldivians good health and good fortune. @presidencymv @MoFAmv @MRM_Office
ATT: STATUS REPORT ON STATE OF BATSWANA STUDENTS IN WUHAN. Rt Via: 
Indian Air Force: Indian Air Force's C-17 military aircraft to visit China on February 20 to evacuate Indian nationals from #coronavirus-hit Wuhan. 
India will also send medical supplies to Wuhan for coronavirus-hit people: Military sources to PTI
India to send C-17 military aircraft to China on February 20 to evacuate its nationals from coronavirus-hit Wuhan: Military sources to PTI
Apple moving production from China to Taiwan due to Wuhan coronavirus 
Enter the 36 Chambers of the Wuhan  …
The head of a major hospital in Wuhan has died of the coronavirus. Dr. Liu Zhiming is at least the 7th health worker death. Doctors in Wuhan have reportedly faced shortages of masks and protective bodysuits, some using makeshift hazmat suits. Over 1,700 are infected. 
The director of a leading hospital in Wuhan, designated to solely treat the coronavirus-infected patients, died from disease  
BREAKING: Many leading Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say #COVID19 #coronavirus originated at a government bioweapons research facility in #Wuhan, rather than the widely-held belief that it emerged from the city's Huanan seafood markets. Via 
Just in: Indian airforce's C17 to leave for Wuhan with medical supplies on 20th Feb
The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission confirmed that Liu Zhiming, director of the Wuchang Hospital, died Tuesday at the age of 51. Healthcare workers at the frontlines are so vulnerable.  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04 #FBR
This dog was left alone when its owner got stuck in Wuhan’s #coronavirus lockdown. A neighbour helped out by sending it food and water on a 
Live updates: Director of Wuhan hospital dies of coronavirus as infections mount in China  …
The director of the Wuchang hospital in Wuhan, the city at the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, himself died of the virus, according to a statement released by local government authorities. 
First coronavirus patient had NO connection to Wuhan seafood market - so did the disease start elsewhere? 
GEE, What's the (Puts on Glasses) WUHAN TECHNOLOGY UNIVERSITY-HARVARD JOINT NANO KEY LABORATORY? (And what was Dr. Lieber doing 9 months of every year there from 2012-2017?  
200218 #KrisWu Louis Vuitton weibo update Although life is incredibly fragile, peoples’ hearts hold an undefeatable power. I’m Kris Wu @KrisWu, and we stand together. Stand strong Wuhan & China. 
On Friday, Jenny McCarthy is scheduled to Ring in the Chinese New Year, in the Wuhan Providence. Claiming it will bring worldwide attention to her staunch anti-vaccination platform.
A UV bacteria-killing robot is employed in a hospital in Wuhan, China to aid the diagnosis of #coronavirus patients. 
"Although I haven't seen their faces, they treated me like their own family member," said a recovered patient at #Wuhan's #Huoshenshan Hospital as medical staff waved him 
Could the Coronavirus have originated in a bio weapons research facility in Wuhan? Very possibly. Sen. Tom Cotton was right. CNN owes him an apology.  …
Don’t Abandon Us, Nigerian Students In Chinese City, Wuhan, Cry Out | Sahara Reporters The young men and women asked @NigeriaGov not to abandon them in the Asian country because their lives were increasingly under threat by the deadly disease. READ MORE:  
One month ago the chair of Harvard University’s Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology was arrested for illegal ties to the Wuhan University of Technology  …
Japan reports 615 cases of #COVID19 thus far: - 542 onboard Diamond Princess cruise - 13 back from Wuhan by chartered plane - 60 domestic cases 
The head of a leading hospital in China's Wuhan has died of the coronavirus  
Apple shifting manufacture of AirPods, iPad, Apple Watch from China to Taiwan due to Wuhan coronavirus outbreak 
A special birthday party for #coronavirus patients at a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, China. 
Wuhan lost a great doctor today. His name was Liu Zhiming. He is our hero! I hope all medical staff who are fighting against the #COVID19 can return home 
In #Wuhan, man gets caught while enjoying some sunshine in front of his own home. The Chinese characters on the white protective uniforms say “ #Wuhan Police”. #COVID19 #coronavirus #武汉 门口晒太阳被抓。 #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID2019 
A #Wuhan patient made a wish: after recovering, he wanted to see giant pandas. And he's got a message from Chenglang, world's lightest panda baby at birth, whose story of getting strong might inspire the patients  
Since the outbreak of #coronavirus, #CSCEC have built over 20 hospitals in #Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Xi'an, Tianjin, etc. to treat patients infected with novel coronavirus pneumoia. Meanwhile, we have been taking prevention measures to ensure safety of all CSCECers. #China 
"The Spanish flu specifically, the current Wuhan virus — and the cruise ships particularly — as well as cancer and diabetes — are all arguably associated with electromagnetic pollution and exposure."  … Who knows! Seems we live in a "dark age with lightbulbs"
Director of Wuhan hospital dies from coronavirus as infections mount in China 
Among #10ThingstoKnow: — Boy Scouts of America file for bankruptcy due to sex-abuse lawsuits — Michael Bloomberg qualifies for Democratic debate in Nevada — Virus claims the life of a hospital director in the hard-hit Chinese city of Wuhan 
#CORONAVIRUS 248 #Indian citizens who arrived from #Wuhan #China & hosted at Quarantine Facility established by #IndianArmy near #Manesar have been declared fit by qualified team of doctors. #IndianArmy in the service of the #Nation. 
Kenyans in Wuhan are sending desperate pleas for evacuation and the govt is just there saying they won't do a thing. But Chinese nationals keep flying in and out of Kenya like they aren't even a threat. This country hates its own people, it should be in the Constitution. 
"Stay strong. Be safe.Your ticket for my next concert is reserved" A fan who is a medical worker in Wuhan posted on weibo saying that when the virus is defeated,her biggest dream is to attend Kris concert so Kris posted a video message as he promised to reserve a ticket for her. 
Why hasn't this made the news? The head professor of Chemistry at Harvard was arrested for receiving payments from China He worked directly with WUHAN university in Wuhan His two research aids were Chinese Spies  …
Sun Weidong, Chinese Envoy to India: This is a cumulative drop of over 50%. The epidemic in Hubei and Wuhan is being managed more effectively. There is a rapid increase in cure rate from 1.3 % to 8.2%. Over 12,000 people have recovered and are being discharged from hospitals.  …
These pictures were taken from temporary hospital in Wuhan city. 
“Stay strong. Be safe. Your ticket for my next concert is reserved. ” Chinese-Canadian singer-actor @KrisWu cheered up a fan who is a medical worker in #Wuhan on Sina Weibo on Tue. 
302 people out of total 406 #Wuhan evacuees leave from #ITBP quarantine camp at Chhawla Centre in New Delhi and remaining is likely to be released by tomorrow. They have tested negative for Novel 
Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Union Minister for Health & Family Welfare handed over the appreciation letters from Hon’ble Prime Minister to the team of Doctors & Nursing Officers who were part of the evacuation team from Wuhan, China. @drharshvardhan @MoHFW_INDIA @PIB_India 
Two (2) patients have been cured and discharged from Hosp on 18th Feb. Both of them are Malaysians’ evacuees from Wuhan (Case no. 11 and no. 12) and was tested positive of COVID-19 on 5th February 2020. Overall total number of cases who have been cured and discharged - 11 cases 
BREAKING: Many leading Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say #COVID19 #coronavirus originated at a government bioweapons research facility in #Wuhan, rather than the widely-held belief that it emerged from the city's Huanan seafood markets. 
Going home at last . After being quarantined for 14 days at an academy in Nilai outside KL, 107 Malaysians incl their foreign spouse & children who returned from Wuhan on board AirAsia humanitarian flight on feb 4 are allowed to go home. All were tested negative of 
107 Malaysians and family members who were evacuated from Wuhan through Humanitarian and Disaster Relief (HADR) mission on 4th February 2020 will be allowed to return back to their respective homes. All repeated COVID-19 tests were found to be negative. 
You dont have 2 evacuate them 2 Pakistan immmediatly but at least get these kids out of Wuhan 2 a safer place. God forbid if over 1300 students are infected it will be the responsibility of those who abandoned them in Wuhan! Get the #PakistaniStudents out of Wuhan 
--A hospital director in Wuhan, Liu Zhiming, who helped lead the fight against China's new virus has  one of its victims. --Japan health authorities say 88 more cases of virus found on quarantined cruise ship in Yokohama, bringing total to 542. 
China's Chen Hu, a former military scientist, discussed genetically engineered superbugs as weapons of mass destruction back in 2018. 'More destructive than a nuclear weapon' #Wuhan, here we are, #coronavirus 
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP): People taken from Wuhan, China at ITBP quarantine facility continue to disperse in batches for their homes. Total 302 people released by 1 PM today. Rest 104 are in a process to be released. 
At 0052 hrs on 16 Feb, 175 Nepalis, most of them students, were airlifted to KTM from Wuhan by Nepal Airlines charter flight RA 4222. This was the culmination of 360-hour preparations among multiple agencies in Kathmandu, Beijing and Wuhan, & 14 varsities across Hubei Province. 
Have you had a meal cooked by a robot? Medics in #Wuhan may be a step ahead of you. A cooking robot sent to assist in the frontline can prepare 100-120 meals in an hour. The non-stop, fully automatic function guarantees a hot & wholesome feed anytime 
Hospital Director in Coronavirus Epicenter #Wuhan Dies of Infection  … via @epochtimes #China #CoronaVirus #CoronaVirusOutbreak #COVID19
Do we all have to shave our hair for #COVID19 relief? Video of tearful Chinese female nurses having all of their hair shaved off before leaving for Wuhan has triggered criticism on Chinese social media. Read more:  
Do such place really exist? Cos I'm visibly shaken (Mikel #OleOut Pogba Wuhan Ighalo) 
How does a book written in 1981 perfectly predict the wuhan virus ( corona virus) in 2020? We are just pawns and this world is being by run few living in the shadows. But at the end of the day, we will all end up in the same box. 
The officers will return to Beijing once the lockdown in Wuhan is lifted, and situation is stabilized. 2/2 #coronavirus @AmbNaghmanaHash @CathayPak
On #Pakistan’s request, #China allowed a 2 member special Task Force from Embassy Beijing to go to Wuhan city to meet our students & coordinate all assistance to them. The Task Force is permanently deployed in Wuhan to maintain close liaison with Chinese authorities. 1/2 
Hospital director in China’s Wuhan dies of #COVID19, as WHO warns against overreaction to the new coronavirus. The death toll has hit 1,868. Follow the latest:  
Liu Zhiming, director of the Wuchang hospital in Wuhan, died from the novel coronavirus on Tuesday morning, according to the city of Wuhan’s Health Commission. 
#Kashmiri student, who was air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation, is full of praise for the @narendramodi Government to  to her rescue and helped her as well as others like 
Head of #Wuhan hospital dies of #coronavirus as global death toll rises to nearly 1900  
7 Maldivian nationals evacuated from Wuhan, China returns to the Maldives after required quarantine period in India. All Maldivians tested -ve for Covid-19. GoM extends appreciation to the Governments of and , for their support in evacuating and bringing the Maldivians home. 
Hope you enjoy the clay pot rice made by robots! A  donated an automatic cooking machine to Wuhan, which can simultaneously cook 36 clay pot rice dishes without manual help. It runs around the clock to provide fresh meals for medics, free of charge. 
Ok this is extremely scary if this is real. Like something out of a movie. Drone footage shows the empty streets of Wuhan, China under its #CoronaVirus quarantine. 
Happy to  to #Maldives the 7 Maldivians evacuated from Wuhan, after the required quarantine. Our heartfelt appreciation to PM @narendramodi , EAM @DrSJaishankar for their exemplary support in evacuating our nationals and the generous hospitality for them in Delhi. #Covid19
#WINWIN #董思成 #윈윈 #ウィンウィン #WayV #威神V #WeiShenV 191123 WUHAN FM Let me love u 
A 1981 novel "The Eyes of Darkness" by American writer Dean Koontz is said to have predicted a Coronavirus look-alike; Wuhan 400. Photos: Courtesy #COVID19 
Inside the #FangCang hospital in #Wuhan. Netizens: No nurses? Only police patrolling make sure people don’t escape. Look at the appalling conditions! Hospital? Death camp more like. #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #COVID19 
A golden retriever was left home alone in the city of Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, without food or water after its owner was stuck in #Wuhan amid the new coronavirus outbreak. But one neighbor came to the rescue. 
Starting yesterday restrictions on leaving apartments in Wuhan got stricter. These are from a friend there who is no longer allowed to leave his building at all. The  organizes food deliveries. Here they are sorting. There’s some ability to personalize orders. 
PM @narendramodi lauds Wuhan evacuation team: 'In time of crisis, entire nation stands firmly united'  … via NaMo 
CCP shaming with chinese characteristics. Surely this will help stop the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. It’s amazing how the rest of the world sits idle and watches crimes against humanity happen in China. #CrimesAgainstHumanity  …
Very sad to hear if true: “the director of Wuchang Hospital in Wuhan, Liu Zhiming, died Tuesday morning after "all-out rescue efforts failed," state broadcaster CCTV reported.” So many top doctors are dying of this.  …
#CHINA | The hospital which was built in 10 days for the Corona virus in Wuhan began to collapse,cracks in the water pipes and fractures on its walls. 
Director of Wuchang Hospital in #Wuhan, respected neurosurgeon, Liu Zhiming, died at age 50 on Feb. 18 due to the #COVID19. He is the first hospital director that died from #coronavirus. Wuchang Hospital is one of the appointed hospitals for COVID-19 pneumonia patients in Wuhan. 
CHEMICAL WARFARE EXPERIMENT Leading Chinese scientists speak out & say COVID-19 (coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons research facility in Wuhan. One: DUH Two: While Democrats waste resources, enemies are trying to kill us 
Chinese-Canadian #singer- #actor #KrisWu cheered up for medical worker in #Wuhan & reminded people to wear a mask when going out on Sina Weibo, a #Twitter like social media in 
Hospital director dies in China's central city of Wuhan, the epicentre of coronavirus outbreak  Follow our live blog for #coronavirus updates:  
BREAKING: Liu Zhiming, the head of Wuchang Hospital in Wuhan, has died of coronavirus - CCTV
Liu Zhiming, director of Wuhan Wuchang Hospital, dies from new #coronavirus, CCTV reporter quotes Peking Union Medical College Hospital medical team in #Wuhan 
R.I.P. Liu Zhiming, director of Wuchang Hospital in coronavirus epicenter #Wuhan passed away Tuesday due to #COVID19,  the first hospital director to die amid the outbreak that caused over 70,000 infections in #China: 
DIRECTOR OF HOSPITAL IN CHINA'S WUHAN, EPICENTRE OF CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK, DIES - STATE TELEVISION God help the people in Wuhan
2/ It’s possible to get infected by the novel coronavirus #COVID19 a second time, according to doctors on the frontline in China’s city of Wuhan, leading to death from heart failure in some cases. “It’s highly possible to get infected a second time. A few people recovered...
#coronavirus: Seven Maldivians evacuated from Wuhan, #China by Government of India leave for their country from ITBP Quarantine facility, Chhawla, New 
“Our hearts are with our Chinese brothers and sisters.” Students and teaching staffs from the University of Sargodha, Pakistan volunteered to march in solidarity with China in the fight against the #COVID19 outbreak, holding banners to encourage #Wuhan and #China to stay 
“Stay strong. Be safe. Your ticket for my next concert is reserved. ” Chinese-Canadian singer-actor #KrisWu cheered up a fan who is a medical worker in Wuhan on Sina Weibo on Tue. 
“Such a long incubation period would undoubtedly present a larger challenge to the whole public health effort.” #Chinese media reported a patient was diagnosed with #Coronavirus 42 days after returning home from #Wuhan.  Follow @News_NTD for more
South China University of Technology paper written by two #Chinese scholars, claims that the #coronavirus may have accidentally originated in the Wuhan Center for Disease Control ( #WHCDC) a mere 300 yards from the Wuhan fish market where authorities claim the outbreak started.
Frustrated and annoyed! This is gonna go on for months! #wuhan #COVID19  – at Wuhan (武汉市)
#FactsTell: Clips have been circulating on social media purportedly showing police shooting #coronavirus patients. CGTN's @Jingjing_Li in Wuhan dug up the truth and busted these rumors. Have a look! 
Joe, I read a report out of Wuhan that said it was taken out of the lab with intended destination Hong Kong. Wouldn’t surprise me, as this recent news hasn’t either.
Another 99 infected on the #DiamondPrincess How many total infected on that cruise ship now? Around 450? China is using its authoritarian system and mass-surveillance technology to limit the spread... But if this takes hold in India or Africa... #Coronavirus #Wuhan 
The leaking inside the hospitals in Wuhan that the chinese government built in 10 days for the #coronavirus The world was stunned by the hard work and efficiency of the Chinese. They built these structures predicting a pandemic. These are not hospitals, they are 
Heavy, cumbersome, layer by layer...but...it's a must. Two doctors working on the frontline of the #COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan, China, show how to properly don and doff protective equipment 
A prayer for all the people who are suffering around the world. May God protect, heal and watch over WUHAn 
BREAKING: Many leading Chinese scientists are starting to speak out and say COVID-19 (coronavirus) originated at a government bioweapons research facility in Wuhan, rather than the widely-held belief that it emerged from the city's Huanan seafood markets.  
#CoronaVirus experts question #COVID19 incubation period after one patient was diagnosed with #coronavirus 42 days after returning home from #Wuhan. 
Thank you @Wolves for your support to Wuhan against the outbreak of COVID-19. We will be stronger together! #JiayouWuhan #StayStrongChina #COVID19 #FosunFamily  …
Xiaogan, a city close to Wuhan, further tightened travel restrictions. Starting Monday, local residents will not be allowed to leave their homes outside of designated hours. Those who disobey the rules will be subject to up to 10 days of detention.
Delhi: Seven Maldivian nationals, including a child depart for airport from the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) quarantine facility in Chhawla, after being screened for #COVID19. The seven Maldivians were evacuated from Wuhan, China by the Government of India. 
Wuhan government forbids any exit or entrance to any building. This is in effect a death sentence for the residents.  …
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  08
Latest #coronavirus stats from #Hubei province: 1,223 released from hospital, 1,807 new cases, 93 new deaths. #COVID19 #Wuhan 
See this clip from our Big Story documentary "Epicenter - 24 hours in Wuhan" on what it's like for a family in China when the coronavirus affects one of their own. 
Once again, the official new case numbers from Hubei province excluding Wuhan have gone down Chinese government reports 207 total new virus cases in all of Hubei besides Wuhan yesterday, down from 243 the day before  …
Chinese media reveals Head of Wuhan hospital dies of coronavirus 
2/17 #coronaviruschina The Health Commmission of PRC announced 20 experts from WHO (not including US) will go to Beijing, Guangdong and Sichuan. WTF！They will not go to the epicenter of the virus Wuhan, Hubei province?! Why are they even in China? These CCP puppets are evil!  …
Senator Cotton: China Refusing To Hand Over Evidence About Wuhan BioLab | Zero Hedge  …
39 years ago, a book was written about the corona virus and Wuhan Province. The book that published on 10th may 1981 
The Govt.of #Maldives appreciates kind assistance of the Govt.of #India by evacuating 7 Maldivians from #Wuhan.They are travelling back home after 14 days in ITBP Chhawla Camp under observation. Wishing them a safe trip. Once again thank you Govt.of India for all the arrangements 
Had an insane dream last night where I went on a work trip to Wuhan and somehow only remembered the coronavirus after landing in  empty plane
Wuhan China Dead Bodies waiting 4 pickup Coronavirus NO ordinary Virus Is it intentionally released BIO WEAPON? PROTESTS stemming from HONG KONG big in Wuhan until Virus CHINAS FALSE FLAG OP?? Plus ARREST dissenters & show POPUL.. who’s BOSS 
China's Xi Threatens More Crackdowns As Scientists Say Coronavirus May Have Originated From Wuhan Labs:  …  …
Weekend at Berines 3: Wild Times In Wuhan. 
We are conditioned to believe FEAR. We are puppets on a string. They pull the FEAR string and everything  "TRUE." FEAR controls. Wuhan... former capital of Chinese Nationalist party... the same party that settled in Taiwan. Why are videos ONLY "leaking" from Wuhan?
This isn't a scene from a horror movie. In #Wuhan, police forcefully drag children out of cars to #quarantine centers. The #Communist gov't's #censorship & lies have simply made a bad situation 
Most of medical workers supporting Wuhan from other areas are women. People got indignant when they read progesterone黄体酮 is provided to postpone period of these “fearless female fighters”. 
Head of Wuhan hospital who caught coronavirus is 'still having treatment' say health officials - after Chinese media reported he DIED  …
Wuhan Hospital Boss Dies, Beijing Finally Accepts American Infectious-Disease Experts |  …
The Wuhan flu is already starting to affect the American economy. This is the cost of reliance on global supply chains! 
Residential buildings in #Wuhan have been quarantined, the residents effectively under siege by the #coronavirus outbreak and  state. 
Powerful thread on life and death during the #COVID19 outbreak in Wuhan:  …
Millions under lockdown in China's Wuhan — in pictures  | 
I'm excited to announce the Coronavirus Deep Learning Competition! Teams will use AI to find potential treatments for COVID-2019, & the top 3 will share $3500 in prizes! We'll be donating samples of the  to the Wuhan IV. Sign up today! 
NOW: Liu Zhiming, director of Wuchang hospital in Wuhan, is said to be seriously ill and in life support; reports of his death have now been denied by local media citing family and hospital sources
This is not Wuhan China, this is Karachi Pakistan. 50 new cases from Gas leak reported just now. DISASTER.  
THIS IS SO SAD! Please listen to this Chinese Woman as she risks her life speaking out against the Chinese Gov and what’s REALLY happening to ordinary citizens living in Wuhan, China -  via @Worldstar #WSHH #WORLDSTAR @POTUS
#Wuhan is speeding up to build temporary hospitals for #COVID19 patients with mild symptoms. By Feb. 16, Wuhan has built 11 temporary hospitals equipped with 20461 beds. Among these, 7,566 beds have already been put in use, 13,000 beds will be open to patients in next few days. 
#Gravitas | The Wuhan #coronavirus has triggered a flood of misinformation. Six videos from China have triggered an infodemic. In this report, @palkisu tells you why accurate information is the need of the 
China's coronavirus predicted in 1981 US novel. American author predicts coronavirus-like outbreak and names disease ‘Wuhan-400’. "If you still think it's just a coincident then you are special kind of stup!d".................... #Wuhan 
2/ All over China physicians & journalists that dare to question govt #COVID19 control strategies are being silenced:  … And journalist Chen Qiushi has been missing in #Wuhan since Feb.8  … My take  …
BREAKING: Head of Wuhan hospital dies of coronavirus  …
a Nurse working in Wuhan's hospital, knew about her mother's death in a phone call. Faced with this heartbreaking news, she bowed three times in the direction of home, Kunming city of Yunnan Province, to pay her respects to her mother and went back to work #coronavirus 
#WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak , why not go #Wuhan ? What does @WHO afraid for? the truth results of them help #CCP covering the real outbreaking days? Can't wait to see their report, U.S.pls ready to cutting the half budgets of this shit organization. @Olympics as next @SolomonYue 
A Chinese professor published a paper saying corona came from poor safety conditions at Wuhan lab. He published, then quick redacted. Went dark. Not suspicious at all given China's PR crackdown. Fortunately for China, reporters have decided this is all just a conspiracy theory  …
#Wuhan:The dead are placed in front of the gate,as if waiting for a"garbage collection".Is the figure of 1700 deaths in 15 days provided by the Chinese government accurate?The video depicts the traumatic situation in China:people do not have human rights, 
Breaking: Liu Zhiming, head of Wuchang Hospital, a designated hospital in #Wuhan, died just now from pneumonia caused by #COVID19. Mourning goes to the FIRST hospital director who died on the battlefield against the 
Health workers from Xinjiang have been teaching patients at a makeshift hospital in Wuhan dance moves to stave off boredom 
Did coronavirus originate in Chinese government laboratory? Scientists believe killer disease may have begun in research facility 300 yards from Wuhan wet fish market 
Chinese media reveals Head of Wuhan hospital dies of coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Re: the paper behind tabloids and conspiracy sites' claims that coronavirus came from a Wuhan lab. @ResearchGate tells me the author uploaded it, removed it, and deleted their account. That author, a South China University of Technology professor, has not responded to emails.
I want to urge Modi ji to immediately send Hindu mahasabha leader to #Wuhan in a special aircraft. He is very knowledgeable, why is he is still in India, he should be sent to China, he will finish the #coronavirus: AIMIM Chief 
This denial is made as #WHO and #CDC investigators are kept away from #Wuhan. #China, #COVID19  …
Residents revealed that #Wuhan authorities are covering up the true scale of #Coronavirus infections. According to locals who spoke with the Chinese-language Epoch Times, scores have been infected with the #COVID19 virus after attending an annual  …
As Wuhan’s desperate and sick beg for help, China shuts them down | Anonymous  …
Doctors at Jinyintan Hospital #Wuhan are injecting plasma from recovered #COVID19 patients as treatment, hoping it will be rich in antibodies. This prompted my question: Do we know anything about transfusion risk for #SARSCoV2 ? Anybody seen anything?  …
How is China's state-of-the-art Y-20 military aircraft helping Wuhan fight #coronavirus? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip onto the airstrip to find out #WuhanToday epi.05 
PLA general with bioweapons background takes lead role in Wuhan virus crisis  …
Pledis donated $40000 to Wuhan Tongji Hospital in 213. Thanks for you. Stay strong, fighting China. @pledisnews 
WOW!!! This novel predicted Wuhan Virus in 1981 (40 years before Coronavirus outbreak). Look at the accuracy! 
Nearly 10K Military Personnel From 110 Nations In Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak!  
The novel coronavirus began in December in the Chinese city of Wuhan. Now, it's spread to 28 other countries and territories, and killed 1,775 people, the majority in mainland China. Here's how it happened: 
Hats off to our heroes! Girl sent out heartening wish to police forces in #Wuhan dispatching medical supplies. 
Gonna translate an excerpt from a post by Wuhan blogger named 方方 who's been writing daily essays that often get censored and taken down Using an archive link here:  …
Wuhan +The Virus: It may be pure coincidence that of all the places in China for the virus to break out it is in the only city of that huge nation where their biological warfare site is located.But it seems odd that nobody @CBCNews @CTVNews @globalnews or PMO asks the question.
Yanyi Wang(also Wang Yanyi), director of #Wuhan Institute of Virology, issued a notice to researchers on Jan. 2 to pass on telephone message by #China's Nation Health Commission, forbidding anyone to release info of #COVID19. Original and English translation here. 
Wuhan virus lab researcher, Chen Quanzheng 陳全姣 posted on Weibo with her photo & ID no., to report the virus lab director, Wang Yanyi 王延軼 leaking the virus. Wang sell research purpose animals to Wuhan seafood market. The post was on Weibo for only 3 mins & was deleted by CCP 
#COVID19 cases not treated in time causes long-lasting epidemic in #Wuhan. On average it takes 9.84 days for an infected patient to receive medical treatment, during these 10 days their conditions deteriorate and miss the best chance to be cured: National Health Commission 
Medical staff sang Happy Birthday to a patient with novel #coronavirus pneumonia Sunday at Hanyang makeshift cabin hospital in Wuhan. 
so pledis has donated 40k USD to Tongji Hospital in Wuhan for treating novel coronavirus on Feb 13th  
I haven’t said the coronavirus is “a Chinese bioweapon run amok,” so I haven’t “walked back” anything. What I have said is that China’s official origin story of the Wuhan food market is almost certainly bogus.
A novel predicted Wuhan virus 40 years before Coronavirus outbreak ! 
Senator Cotton: China Refusing To Hand Over Evidence About Wuhan BioLab  …
I was sent a video of Wuhan market before #coronavirus. It's so disgusting I can't post it!!. All kinds of animal corpses.. rats, bats, dogs, cats & strange creatures littered around in the open. Sickening. The world is paying a price for their inhumanity.
A glimpse at the interior of a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, China, filmed by a coronavirus-infected patient of the hospital. 
Senator Tom Cotton says that China is refusing to hand over evidence concerning the bio-safety level 4 research lab in Wuhan despite a new report from biological scientists in China saying it may have been the source of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Once again, the media defamed anyone who even talked about the bio-lab in Wuhan as a fake news conspiracy theorist. Now biological scientists from the prestigious South China University of Technology have concluded that coronavirus came from a bio-lab in Wuhan. Retractions? 
200217 凤凰网IFENG FASHION Junhui's voice message for supporting Wuhan: No one is born to be a hero. There are always people who make great achievements  Let's wait for  together. #TakeLoveAsLight_GoOnFearlessly #세븐틴⁠ #준 #JUN #文俊辉 
I will accept your version if all you vegetarians go to Wuhan city  back safe.  …
#Xinjiang Tacheng. Policeman: "Where are you going, kid?" Little girl: "Uncle, can you donate these money to the children in Wuhan for me? Ask their parents to buy them masks. " Policeman: "Did you donate all your lucky money?" Little girl: "Yes... Take care yourself!" 
Forget Seyi makinde Ighalo Aisha yesufu #Wuhan NURTW ... Convo between drake and babe 
Medical staff in a Wuhan hospital got quarantined coronavirus patients to dance to keep their spirits up. 
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP): Dispersal of quarantined people who came from Wuhan(China) started today after they were tested #CoronaVirus negative. All people including 192 females, 204 males & 7 children are being given conveyance till the drop 
The Chinese government denies that the origin of the coronavirus was a leak from virology lab in Wuhan, the highest security biology lab in the country. The origin of the virus still has not been determined.  
68 #AirIndia crew members, who were part of 2 special flights that evacuated 647 Indians & 7 Maldivians from #Coronavirus-hit Wuhan in China, given letters of appreciation signed by PM @narendramodi
AFTERNOON GAIN!!! Retweet  Chelsea, Marega, Wuhan or Nigerians Follow who likes your reply and follow back all that follow you to avoid being unfollowed. #CHEMUN
How many followers you want? Follow @MissWorld_2020 50K 60K 70K 80K 90K Retweet  Chelsea, Marega, Wuhan or Nigerians Follow who likes your reply #CHEMUN
Chinese film director and his family killed by #coronavirus in Wuhan, China. And this could be just a tip of the iceberg of how serious the situation really is.  … via @variety
The novel coronavirus began in December in the Chinese city of Wuhan. Now, it's spread to 28 other countries and territories, and killed 1,775 people, the majority in mainland China. Here's how it happened: 
A doctor from Wuhan, China certified supplies donated by Kaibar :"Yesterday, I saw a few boxes of supplies donated by fans in the hospital . Although I know nothing about your idol , I think the fans are great. saranghaeyo " Thank you Kaibar #엑소카이 #종인 #jongin 
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
PM Modi writes to members of medical team that rescued Indians from coronavirus-hit Wuhan Read @ANI Story |  
Delighted to hand over PM Modi's personal letters of appreciation to 68 exemplary aviation professionals from @airindiain who responded to the call of duty to evacuate 647 fellow Indians & 7 Maldives citizens from Wuhan. @narendramodi @MoCA_GoI @EOIBeijing 
Love China! Love Wuhan! #ChinaVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #japan #Singapore 
A virus called Wuhan-400 causes outbreak … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events? 
In the year 1981 American writer Dean koontz in his novel The Eyes of Darkness talked about biological weapon Wuhan-400. Read his word. So close to the situation in China today. Absolutely bizarre. 
Health Minister @drharshvardhan interacts with several citizens at ITBP Chawla Camp today, who have been found negative for #COVID19 and are ready to go home, in phases. They were evacuated from #Wuhan in China on 1st & 2nd Feb. #SwasthaBharat 
Yes. Chinese scientists in Beijing investigating the source of the Coronavirus outbreak traced it back to an infectious diseases lab in Wuhan, where a containment breach while studying bat flu caused it to get out possibly via ticks.  …
Breaking: WHO takes the think tank tour of China in search of a virus in Wuhan. The Ritz Carlton Pudong in Shanghai and the Four Seasons Beijing have passed rigorous WHO inspection  …
200217 鳳凰網fashion update w #준 #JUN "hi everyone, i'm wen junhui. no one is born a hero, there's always ordinary people achieving noble things. in the light of love, march forward boldly. i'm cheering on for wuhan on fashion ifeng (鳳凰網), let's all wait for spring to arrive" 
China: #coronaviruswuhan Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi, disappeared while documenting the #coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks posting what he's seen regarding the outbreak. Filming patients & overrun hospitals in the city. 
This is beyond eerie. A 1981 thriller by Dean Koontz predicted the #Coronavirus nightmare, pinpointing it to supposedly biological weapons labs in China’s Wuhan! 
The hospital which was built in 10 days for the Corona virus in Wuhan began to collapse,cracks in the water pipes and fractures on its walls. 
PM Modi writes to Manu Joseph - Nursing Officer, Safdarjung Hospital extending his heartiest congratulations to each & every member of the medical team who assisted in the evacuation of Indian citizens from Wuhan (China). Joseph is also a member of the medical team. 
Corona Virus Update: Nigerians in Wuhan China need help from Nigeria government, Bring us home, Nigerians in Wuhan. What's your say on this? 
Why are the cruise passengers being taken to Darwin and not Christmas Island? Is it because they’re mainly white anglo aussies and not Chinese Aussies like the ones brought out of Wuhan?
Clearly you know that Nigeria cant handle the virus if  The Nigerians in Wuhan will not pass 200 and you want the Government to bring them back and put the lives of 200 million at risk.. and you’re even tweeting from leeds You people are very wicked  …
2/16 #CoronavirusOutbreak Obviously after leadership change in Hubei province, Wuhan tightened lockdown criteria: anyone without hospital  pass can not walk on the street. Violators will be sent to stadium for 14-day quarantine at his/her own expense at 50RMB/day. 
OVERHEARD... The government should pay for all our politicians (starting from MCA's upwards) to go to China's Wuhan city for benchmarking on Coronavirus. That is the only way our country will start moving forward.
Dead bodies all over #Wuhan #coronaviruschina  …
We urge all Indian nationals from Wuhan/Hubei who intend to avail this flight and have not yet contacted us, to urgently call our hotlines +8618610952903 and +8618612083629 or send email to helpdesk.beijing@mea.gov.in before 1900 hours today (17 February 2020) (3/3) @MEAIndia
Many Indian nationals currently in Wuhan/Hubei Province and wishing to return to India have already been in touch with @EOIBeijing in the past two weeks. (2/3) @MEAIndia
GoI will send a consignment of medical supplies on a relief flight to Wuhan later this week to support China to fight the COVID-19 epidemic. On its return, the flight will have limited capacity to take on board Indians wishing to return to India from Wuhan/Hubei.(1/3) @MEAIndia
A 24-year-old, who travelled from Wuhan to Guangzhou last month, started coughing six days after her 15-day quarantine ended and tested positive for #coronavirus yesterday - yet another case where patients developed symptoms after 14-day incubation  …
I will repeat what I tweeted on Feb 8th. Already in 2007, the Wuhan Institute of Virology was doing genetic engineering experiments splicing the human infective receptor binding domain from SARS onto a bat coronavirus. Possibly the source of the new virus. 
Some positive news with the first group of over 200 Australian citizens and permanent residents we helped get out of Wuhan leaving Christmas Island today to head home  the quarantine period  by our health experts, without anyone developing Coronavirus. 
The UK dedicated a plane to bring back all British nationals trapped in China. France did same. Australia too. USA and New Zealand also did the same. There are Nigerians also trapped in Wuhan. Nigeria needs to do something about it. Pls retweet and tag appropriate authorities. 
#Coronavirus Crisis “ I am in danger but I can not tolerate any longer! All the residents in  are now in hospitals. And no beds and medicines are available. All the news on CCTV is fake! All Fake! ...I want to speak up for Wuhan people”  01
We know that there is not human rights for people in China before the virus.but after the virus we knew that there are not even animal rights for people. #wuhan #virus #wuhanvirus #china #ChinaziVirus 
You all know by now that George Orwell was a TIME TRAVELLER, but it looks like author Dean Koontz is one too. In 1981 Koontz wrote the book “The Eyes of Darkness” about a pathogen that escaped from a bio-lab in Wuhan! #1984istruth #Coronavirus #auspol  …
Another batch of 1,200 PLA medical workers arrived in Wuhan on Monday. A total of 2,600 military medics have been in the city to support the fight against 
Wonderful photos of Wuhan on @NPR today from "a prize-winning photojournalist who lives in Wuhan" w/a telling coda: "the photographer asked not to be named because of concerns of being targeted by the government."  …
The lesson from Chinese authorities' suppression of the Wuhan doctors who tried to sound an early alarm about the coronavirus is that "silencing truth-tellers can make a country sick." "There should be more than one voice in a healthy society.”  
The Wuhan Institute of Virology, the only P4 level biosafety laboratory in China, has denied that one of its graduates was “patient zero” of the #coronavirus outbreak. The institute has been the subject of rumors and conspiracy theories. Patient zero remains 
When China sealed off Wuhan, it also crippled a key piece of the global supply chain. Here's how the coronavirus fight could backfire on the world economy 
Great Thread by @SamParkerSenate: Is Wuhan Coronavirus is an engineered offensive bioweapon? You're not being told this by the Mockingbird media here because the US Gov is di… #Coronavirus  …
In #Wuhan, the Chinese #Communist Party scrambles to contain the #Coronavirus. The #CCP's suppression of info regarding the coronavirus has exacerbated the effects of the disease. In #China, #CommunismKills, 
1/2 Our story in two parts about the desperate cries for help online from those still denied treatment in #Wuhan, and how a fax managed to get 7 of them care. 
How Kenyan government is not evacuating over 100 students in Wuhan should be of great concern to all Kenyans. It's like the government wants those students to die in China. Raise your voice for the #100inWuhan Good Morning.
Taking care of a newborn baby, whose mother is a confirmed #COVID19 patient, inside quarantine ward in #Wuhan is quite a challenge. It melts our heart to see this 25-year-old nurse gently touching and soothing the little crying baby! 
Winter in Wuhan: No winter lasts forever, every spring is sure to follow  
Keep it up, Wuhan! Fight on, China! Thank you Dr. Rose from TTM hospital! 
There were just 118 new reported cases of covid-19 infections in China outside Hubei yesterday, the lowest since prior to the Wuhan quarantine. Yes, this is official data, so the real situation is probably worse. But more on that in a second. (1/X) 
PLA Air Force for the 4th time dispatched several military transport aircrafts, including Y-20, to join Wuhan's battle against #COVID19, delivering medical supplies and medics from seven cities including Shanghai on 
This is how Wuhan is disinfected by China! Are we prepared if struck? @NDRFHQ @NITIAayog @narendramodi 
Coronavirus "Did Not Start at the Wuhan Animal Market" - China's Only Level 4 Super Lab "Is Only a Few Miles Away" - Sen. Tom Cotton Drops a BOMB on Sunday Morning Futures (VIDEO); CHINESE HAVE BLOCKED US EXPERTS FROM HELPING  …
Report: Chinese Scientists Find “Killer Coronavirus Probably Originated From A Laboratory In Wuhan” (UNC Researchers Possibly Involved)  …
In the hours after the death of the Chinese doctor in Wuhan who tried to warn us early on of the coronavirus but was censored, "nearly two million people shared or viewed a hashtag meaning 'I want freedom of speech,' before it was deleted by censors."  
Here's the flowchart for current SARS-CoV-2 treatment protocol in Wuhan, from  …. How could this work in the US with private medical insurance and so many uninsured? Even the blood work and chest CT are out of reach for many. Two weeks in ICU? 
Sigh. You think “they” wanted me to ask about the bloggers in Wuhan who have disappeared? The overt mistreatment and lack of human rights of the two Michaels? The espionage cases in the US re Huawei? And the canola ban? Nope. So glad you didn’t bother to watch   …
LIVE: Transport aircraft of Chinese Air Force send medics and supplies provided by armed forces to #coronavirus-hit Wuhan.  …
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital construction site #coronavirus  …
 … a GitHub Repo voluntarily maintained by Chinese devs, archiving first-hand memory from Wuhan doctors, patients and trusted outlets’ investigative pieces The whole purpose is to be quasi censorship-resistant highly  western outlets refer to this
MADE IN CHINA? Did coronavirus originate in Chinese government laboratory? Scientists believe killer disease may have begun in research facility 300 yards from Wuhan wet fish market  …
The final test reports of all 406 people who are at Indo-Tibetan Border Police ( #ITBP) Quarantine Facility at in Chhawla, New Delhi found negative for new #coronavirus. These people had travelled from #Wuhan, China. 
1. Natural (still the most likely, but almost certainly not from the Wuhan food market)
Because of the CCP’s lies, we don’t know where this coronavirus originated, though we do almost certainly know it wasn’t in the Wuhan food market.
. @jaketapper This unnamed “expert” says it’s “possible” that coronavirus originated in Wuhan super lab, we “just don’t know how probable.” I agree. Yet he calls it a “conspiracy theory” that we shouldn’t “mention.” I couldn’t disagree more. He’s wrong on two counts.  …
ICYMI - Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan’s P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Prepare yourselves for the term "bioterrorism"  mainstream. #China #Wuhan #COVIDー19 #Coronavirius 
Unexpected snow covers #Wuhan which has been on lockdown since January due to #coronavirus 
Well-written post on coronavirus—its integration with bioengineering/5G/chemtrails/pop control & ultimately world govt. No coincidence that outbreak began when Wuhan turned on 5G. One of post's takeaways is that symptoms from 5G will be blamed on the virus 
7/ As for the wuhan lab question: “the rumor is circulating but there is no evidence to date that this is true. Hopefully the WHO team will get the samples from the original cases and we will be able to figure this out. Until then, I put it in the conspiracy theory bucket...”
3/ Cotton also raised questions about the "super laboratory" in Wuhan: “This virus did not originate in the Wuhan animal market....We also know that just a few miles away from that food market is China’s only biosafety level 4 super laboratory...
Coronavirus "Did Not Start at the Wuhan Animal Market" - China's Only Level 4 Super Lab "Is Only a Few Miles Away" - Sen. Tom Cotton Drops a BOMB on Sunday Morning Futures (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
BREAKING: Coronavirus may have originated at Wuhan lab  …
A 21-year-old Canadian woman in Wuhan says she won't evacuate because she can't abandon her cat. Here's what her life is like under lockdown.  … via @businessinsider
This  as a surprise to you, @BadFoxGraphics, but #China has been blocking an investigation into the origins of #COVID19. Until there is a full study, @MariaBartiromo should ask questions about the #Wuhan lab and @SenTomCotton should raise concerns.  …
2/16 #CoronavirusOutbreak Not sure which hospital this is. U can get a sense of what’s going on in Wuhan hospital. Public health crisis like coronavirus created huge shortage of bed, medicines and medical staffs. In a populous country like China, it is a wave of death tsunami. 
Nigerians in Wuhan, China beg to be repatriated back home as they have been in total lockdown with little or no food and medical supplies. As other Countries are repatriating their citizens from Corona virus-infected China. Please remember them in your prayers. Please Retweet 
Two Chinese biologists released a report which suggests the coronavirus may have originated at one of two labs in Wuhan. I've located the archive of this report. I also go over the sad ordeal of a source in Wuhan I lost contact with a few weeks ago:  …
Sen Tom Cotton: Coronavirus “Did Not Start at the Wuhan Animal Market” – China’s Only Level 4 Super Lab “Is Only a Few Miles Away” Hey, didn’t you ever wonder why all Flue vaccines are related to China. Hmmm Scary Right ?? #AmericaFirst  …
Fun fact I wrote Firewall in my hotel in Wuhan China when I had a few days off
*I* originated at a super-lab in Wuhan and I saw no such thing. Randall Flagg stopped by once, but left disappointed and said something about going to east Texas.  …
Tom Cotton is suggesting that the Coronavirus originated at a super-lab in Wuhan Has Cotton read the 1981 thriller The Eyes of Darkness? Because his claim sounds very similar to the fictional novel's plot where a Chinese military lab in Wuhan creates a new virus 
Throughout the #coronavirus outbreak Tom Cotton has been only official  sense. Everyone knows China has premiere bio weapons lab in #Wuhan most of us know the story of the Chinese delivering #Covid19 from Canada. Why is nobody reporting  – at The White House
"Greatest threat yet"? Okay, but wait until #China's people learn that #XiJinping is blocking the investigation into the origin of the #coronavirus. Blocking the investigation fuels rumors that #COVID19 came from the #Wuhan lab.  …
CNN/NY Times journo says coronavirus might have emerged from lab in Wuhan after someone was bitten by a bat during a test. For the past month, the media has been defaming anyone who suggested the same as a “dangerous” fake news conspiracy theorist.  …
The bodies of the 1st two #COVID19 deaths have been successfully dissected in #Wuhan on Sun in accordance with national laws and policies, after their families granted permissions. By obtaining the pathological organs, further studies can be made and aid clinical treatment. 
#coronavirus didn't start at the Wuhan animal market, It was brought to the market by an employee working at China's super lab located a few miles away. Chinese official's nor President Zing Zong Ding will ever admit it. This is why SNEAKY China doesn't want the CDC help 
Wuhan's cat rescuer: the man saving pets abandoned during coronavirus outbreak video. It’s estimated that more than 30,000 pets have been left stranded after the govt sealed off Wuhan. Good man @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate  …
Nigerians in Wuhan crying for help 
The hospital does not accept the coronavirus patients, countless people are self-isolated, died at home, and do not count the official death toll. #coronavirus #COVID-19 #wuhan＃肺炎＃武汉 
It's a strange world we live in. #coronavirus #COVID19 #Wuhan 
All 406 people, who are housed at an #ITBP quarantine facility here after being brought back from Wuhan, have tested negative for novel  …
Ambassador in distress: Distress call from Kenya's ambassador to China. Serem fears for the lives of Kenyans in Wuhan City. Serem: Let us pray for the Kenyans in Wuhan city. Virus has killed 1,665 people and infected over 68,000 
Coronavirus “Did Not Start at the Wuhan Animal Market”--China’s Only Level4 Super Lab “Is Only a Few Miles Away”--Sen Cotton Drops a BOMB on Sunday Morning Futures (VIDEO) "Several of the original cases did NOT have any contact with that food market"  …
Concern on local Chinese social media that China travellers bound for US, Australia, etc. are flying to YVR, spending 2 weeks in Vancouver, then travelling to Australia, US, etc. after their 2 weeks are up. Even some from Wuhan. YVR virus risk much higher as a result.
Coronavirus "Did Not Start at the Wuhan Animal Market" - China's Only Level 4 Super Lab "Is Only a Few Miles Away" - Sen. Tom Cotton Drops a BOMB on Sunday Morning Futures (VIDEO) @SundayFutures  … via @gatewaypundit
#Uyghur #Muslim doctors and nurses are being sent to the frontlines of the #Wuhan crisis against their will, many of them former #ConcentrationCamp detainees. #VirusThreatInCamps #WHO2Urumqi 
Drummers and locals of Katsuura, Japan show their support of fellow citizens who were evacuated from Wuhan, China and quarantined in a hotel. 
First it was eating infected bats, then it was the L4 biochem lab in Wuhan, now it's hundreds of bats attacked and peed on scientists in a L4 biochem lab in the centre of #Wuhan. Laugh or cry. #coronavirus  …
Is China admitting something here? "A new bombshell paper from the Beijing-sponsored South China University of Technology says that the Wuhan Center for Disease Control (WHCDC) could have spawned the contagion in Hubei province."  …
Smoking Gun? Chinese Scientist Finds "Killer Coronavirus Probably Originated From A Laboratory In Wuhan" | Zero Hedge  …
I really wanted to like this story but I read “pungent, litter-strewn warren” used to describe Wuhan’s seafood market... ...and I couldn’t read any further. Is that what every white (or non-Asian) writer thinks of our yes, sometimes dirty, but precious wet markets?  …
The Wuhan coronavirus has now infected at least 500 people in 24 countries around the world. @GordonGChang is correct in his assertion that secretary xi shoulders some of the blame for the global pandemic. #coronaviruschina #WuFlu #coronavirus @AmbCuiTiankai  …
When a novel written in 1981 speaks of a humanly engineered virus made in the labs of #Wuhan #China, you know that this option has always been in the minds of people. 
I assume, maybe naively, that in years past, when she focused on finance and economics, @MariaBartiromo would read the @FT. Times change. People change. @clivecookson on Friday: "Coronavirus was not genetically engineered in a Wuhan lab, says expert."   …
#Coronavirus may have actually started in secret Wuhan lab just 280m from wet market Scientists from South China University of Technology in Guangzhou said the possible origin of the virus could be from Wuhan Center for Disease Control (WCDC).  …
#Wuhan, every single house’s entrance is sealed. People are literally locked inside. Wartime measures in #Hubei. No one can leave their homes. Netizens: The Communist Party is trying to kill us. The whole city is like a detention camp!! 
#HongKongProtests led to unintended consequences. Mainland #China visitors fell drastically & hence #HongKong fared much better than other cities so far in the #Coronaviruscoverup. It took further protests to stop trains and flights from Wuhan. #COVID19  …
One day--and I hope that day will be soon--we will find out how the #coronavirus epidemic started. For the moment, however, #China's #XiJinping is doing a good job blocking investigation in #Wuhan. He should read the words below.  …
Liu Fan, a nurse at #Wuchang Hospital in #Wuhan, died of #COVID2019 at #ValentinesDays . She was still working on Jan 26, without #PPE. As a result, her whole family got infected. Parents already died. Brother at ICU now. #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Tom Cotton reiterates his suggestion that the Coronavirus originated at a super-lab in Wuhan 
A Taiwanese man in his mid-60s who tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus has died, the Taiwanese Health Ministry announced on Sunday morning | via @CNN
I‘ll be hosting & briefing parents of Pakistani students in #Wuhan along with @SMQureshiPTI , @zfrmrza on 19 Feb at Islamabad. I request parents of all students to join us to know about the current situation & our efforts to help #OverseasPakistanis. 
Now a research paper published by the South China University confirms the worst fears. That the Novel Coronavirus, in all likelihood, originated from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. That explains why China rushed top bioweapons experts to control the outbreak. 
The Wuhan coronavirus has now killed over twice as many people as the 2003 SARS epidemic 
Nepal evacuates 175 citizens, mostly students, from Wuhan after coronavirus outbreak  
"We are like a family." A #coronavirus patient films the daily life inside a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, China. 
Scientists believe coronavirus may have begun in research facility 300 yards from Wuhan wet fish market 
The bodies of the first two #COVID19 deaths have been successfully dissected in #Wuhan in accordance with national laws and policies, after their families granted permissions. By obtaining their pathological organs, further studies can be made and aid clinical treatment. 
In Wuhan, China, strict quarantine measures have been imposed in an effort to prevent the spread of coronavirus. The mood can be somber, yet people find ways to carry on. One photographer captured scenes of life under lockdown. 
“I know when I speak up, I’m in danger but I can’t tolerate any longer! All the residents in  are now in hospitals. No beds/medicines are available. All News on CCTV are fake! All Fake! I want to speak up for Wuhan ppl.” #Coronavirus 
This IS bombshell. The first recorded case of Wuhan coronavirus was just 1 DAY prior to this PLA university lockdown, on Jan 1. What did they know? They waited 18 days to admit there was a virus and 21 days to lock down the city. Why did they wait?  …
#EverydayHero Dedicated soldiers stand guard at Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan during heavy snowfall. We salute you too! #coronavirus 
406 Indians evacuated from Wuhan test negative for coronavirus, to be discharged in batches from Monday: News agency PTI 
Female medics in Chengdu cut their hair short before heading to Wuhan to aid the #coronavirus fight. 
All 406 people, housed at quarantine facility in Delhi after being brought back from Wuhan in China, tested negative for #coronavirus; they will be discharged in phased manner from tomorrow: Officials. #COVID19
Before #COVID19 Wuhan was known for two things: 1. Wuhan University, one of the country’s finest research institutes, founded during the reign of the Guangxu Emperor 2. Cherry blossom trees on campus w/ hundreds of thousands of visitors each season 
New post Nearly 10k Military Personnel From 110 Nations In Wuhan China Weeks Before ... has been published on -  
Had been wondering this myself: How did Wenzhou — some 900km from the epicenter of the #COVID19 outbreak —  the the third city in China after Wuhan and Huanggang to enforce a total lockdown on its residents? Our reporter @DandanNee  …
Wuhan residents being treated like animals. Govt officials maintain it's a defensive measure against the deadly 
Health care workers have long faced a high risk of infection during major outbreaks. In Wuhan, that risk is exacerbated by a shortage of medical resources amid an influx of patients, as well as the government's belated warning of the high infection rate. 
Wong: "When we are in face of unknown risks, each of our colleagues can wear this suit that can protect us from attack of biochemical weapons. This suit, many medical staff in Wuhan may have not even got a touch of. " 
"In the year of Geng Zi (2019), when the China Wuhan Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia sweeps the whole world, I am meeting you for the first time. I wish you a job that gives you good health and allows you to do whatever you want," Wong said. 
Amazing timing, that Wuhan storm.  …
People of Wuhan: Grassroots heroes in the battle against #COVID19 @Phildays1  
Nepal evacuates 175 citizens, mostly students, from Wuhan after coronavirus outbreak  
Here’s my take on #Coronavirus #Wuhan in China and pop culture on warfare be  books from 2017 or a thriller novel from 1981 #AsterixObelix ( 37th edition) #DeanKoontz (1981 thriller) 
#COVID19 epidemic prevention and control efforts are taking effect: National Health Commission Ratio of patients in critical conditions to all infected dropped from 32.4% in late Jan to 21.6% on Sat in #Wuhan and that beyond Hubei declined from 15.9% to 7.2% 
The Liu family in Wuhan has been through a lot. We spoke to Liu Mengd, 25, who has been in constant touch with them from Italy where she is studying. Her grandfather died earlier this month and now her father is in critical condition.  …
To understand the nexus between the @WHO and Beijing you need to understand the history of @DrTedros, his predecessor Margaret Chan and how China has barred American experts from Wuhan. @Amelia_Dunn1 @JaniceKPetersen
Wuhan deleted this report. Pure fiction, China says. 
A novelist Dean Koontz wrote a book in 1981 predicting the outbreak of the coronavirus in Wuhan China!!!! Coincidence???? 
“If the virus doesn't kill us, hunger will,” said a Ugandan student in Wuhan, China. Uganda will now send Sh58k to each of its 65 students in Wuhan. Kenya has 85 students stranded there. Govt responded to calls for help from them by sending its best wishes, zero material support.
Dean Koontz book from 1981 predicted coronavirus in bizarre coincidence Novel tells story of Chinese military lab that creates new virus to potentially use as biological weapon during wartime. Lab is located in Wuhan, China and virus is called Wuhan-400  …
The ratio of severe to confirmed #coronavirus cases in China is decreasing, says the National Health Commission. From Jan. 27/28 to Feb. 15: - Wuhan: from 32.4% to 21.6% - Hubei Province: from 18.4% to 11.1% - Outside Hubei: from 15.9% to 7.2% 
Dear Delhi You have chosen to  the Wuhan of politics. Good wishes. But please, please keep that contagious virus to NCR. Thank you Rest of India
Communities in Wuhan are under "closed-off management" due to the #coronavirus outbreak. How are daily necessities supplied? 
Coronavirus may have actually started in secret Wuhan lab just 280m from wet market  
#Shaheenbagh was a Wuhan like lab in India! Where anti nationals incubated a virus to spread FEAR - about @narendramodi @AmitShah - To destabilise Government . It worked !AAP (supported by Congress ) walked away with Delhi . Now @Ram_Guha , the virus carrier landed in Karnataka
Wuhan Institute of Virology on Sunday dismissed rumors about its postgraduate student Huang Yanling being "patient zero" of #COVID19, saying she was never infected and hasn't been to Wuhan since graduation in 2015. 
A New Revelation on the Possible Wuhan China #Coronavirus Source! Nearly 10,000 Military Personnel From 110 Nations All In Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak! Could A Foreign Intelligence Agency Be Responsible For The Outbreak? Must See Report  …
The people of city of Wuhan and the province of Hubei are the worst affected by the epidemic. They have a very special place in the hearts of the Indian people. With courage, persistence and effective measures we will be able to  the crisis. （2/3） #中国加油 #武汉加油
In video: #Panda "Pang Niu" greets first snow of the year 2020 in #Wuhan 
Turns out that the hospitals for the #Wuhan #Coronavirus built in just 2 weeks don't work in poor weather... How many more hospitals will they have to build? 
Meaning Shanghai already found a new virus ( to be named #CoVid2019 later) on Jan.5 and suggested taking control measures at public places. However, the National Health Commission did nothing. #Wuhan was still organizing a grand banquet on Jan 18, in which 40 K families attended  …
Wake Up Canadians Protect yourselves and your families Dont be  Danger is all around 30 days ago the residents of Wuhan  and prosperous. Now tens of thousands, maybe millions, are locked in their homes, waiting to die It can happen that fast
The #COVID19 has been reportedly spreading to four generations since a  gathering in #Wuhan in late Dec, with 29 people across four provinces diagnosed within weeks, and shows no signs of diminution in infectivity after several rounds of human-to-human transmissions. 
What a positive mindset! A patient infected with the #coronavirus did yoga in a "Fang Cang" makeshift hospital in Wuhan on February 15. Wish her a speedy recovery! 
Wuhan authorities issued a notice Friday, which dictates that all  should be sealed and managed strictly. CGTN's Xu Mengqi visited one such neighborhood in Wuhan to find out just how rigorously the new rules are being implemented. #COVID19 
More Uyghurs are being sent to Wuhan from the Uyghur homeland. It was reported on social media that a lot of young Uyghur doctors and nurses continue to be sent to Wuhan now. #SaveUyghurs #WHO2Urumqi #CloseTheCamps 
Hey Rashida we need a spokesperson to go to Wuhan and see what's really going on. We took a vote and you won go ahead and pack your bags for at least 6 mo's we can't let you back in the US until the danger has passed. We're sure you understand. Now have a safe flight!  …
7-year-old girl encourages her dad to cure patients as many as he can when her dad heads to the novel coronavirus epidemic center Wuhan.  
Wuhan 400. A perfect weapon? OMG! 
Solidarity with Wuhan! No to the racist demonization of China! #StayStrongWuhan 
“Singapore-China's state-owned CNOOC has declared force majeure on LNG contracts.. as the country's largest LNG importer tackles disruptions in downstream markets in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak.”  … #wuhan #coronavirus #wsj #cnbc #covid19
Coronavirus has upended daily life in Wuhan: here’s the story of one woman trying to grieve for her grandmother, care for her infected parents, and protect her husband and daughter in a time of stress and isolation and shortage.  …
Videos continue to leak from #China. Videos such as from this woman. Watch as she promotes #HongKongProtesters and #Taiwan against #CCP. The people in #China are starting to speak out, in the face of the #Wuhan  …
Singapore. Cargo ships everywhere. Global economy has stopped. #singapore #cnbc #wuhan #coronavirus #covid19 #shanghai #WHO #CDC 
We already know a case that a woman started to show symptoms only about 40 days after she went to #Wuhan, and cured patients can get infected again.  …
Live: Exterior view of Wuhan's second emergency #coronavirus hospital Leishenshan  …
When the 8.8 magnitude earthquake hit Japan, triggering tsunami back in March 2011, the PRC Chinese had all out celebrations across the country. Even free food from restaurant! Now, there is a virus outbreak in Wuhan, they had it breaking out around the world! 
#China’s Top #Biowarfare Specialist Helms Efforts to Combat #Coronavirus, Army Enters #Wuhan to Deliver Supplies #COVID #corona  … via @epochtimes
4 hours south of Wuhan is the capital of Hunan Province 68M called Changsha 7.5M. Easy highway driving. Not a lot of news from there now abt #coronavirusus but its there now. Changsha is revered by the CCP As the birthplace of the Greatest of despotic leaders/murderers. Mao.
#Coronavirus “ I am in danger but I can not tolerate any longer! All the residents in  are now in hospitals. And no beds and medicines are available. All the news on CCTV are fake! All Fake! ...I want to speak up for Wuhan people” 
I hope they will send all their jihadis and families to Wuhan to battle the virus. I would help fund the flights!
Wuhan's Hastily-Constructed 1,000-Bed Coronavirus Hospital Is Already Falling Apart  …
Go to Wuhan for a holiday champ and show us more mortals the strength of your virtue signalling.
Companies in Wuhan resume production amid #COVID19 outbreak  
Clinical Characteristics of 138 Hospitalized Patients With 2019 Novel Coronavirus-Infected Pneumonia in Wuhan, China. JAMA. Wang D, et al.  … #science 
Trending on PubMed: Risk for Transportation of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease from Wuhan to Other Cities in China. 
about 600km from Wuhan as the crow flies
