Oh, really @WHO, you’re still spouting nonsense without any proof & expecting us to believe that #Wuhan, city of 11MM people, in China run by a vicious Chinese DICTATOR, Xi, has #Coronavirus contained & that they’ve done a great job. China only has govt controlled media. Hello???
This is important as shows #coronavirus does attack young people. The dr in #wuhan who died was in his 30's. Healthworkers are at particular risk due to the exposure to concentrated levels of the virus. Also ANYONE 60+/and/or with certain pre-existing medical conditions. 
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  03
Italy appears to be moving toward something like Wuhan-like clampdown in Lombardy. Chinese state has far greater legal and operational abilities for something like this. But it looks like Italy is trying to get as close to that as it can.  …
24/ China's unprecedented success in containment has led us down the wrong path. We can't do what they did. Not just in terms of open society, but in sheer resources. In Wuhan >1,800 TEAMS of epidemiologists, min 5 people/team, were tracing tens thousands of contacts a day
So just to be clear: The Republicans spent the three year run-up to Wuhan Flu trying to govern. The Democrats spent three years trying to prove the President was literally a secret agent on the payroll of Russia AND a Neo-Nazi. Any questions?
In the beginning in Wuhan, Xi kept his country in the dark. Exactly what the regime of cruelty is doing here. Now the whole world is endangered. I am NOT exaggerating.
A day after the C.D.C. dispatched 100 people to American airports to screen  from Wuhan, Azar made his first call to Trump about the virus. The president insisted on talking about e-cigarettes first, but Mr. Azar steered him to the virus. 
People afraid because the Coronavirus has killed 3,000 in 3 months. Last year, the flu killed over 600,000 people. Coronavirus is airborne, Winds carry it. Yet China said: "Isolating Wuhan will contain it." Anyone see a dome lowered? No? Then something else is going on. 
Well, that is a most unfortunate coincidence. That most of the world’s supply of medical face masks are manufactured in Wuhan. #insiders
wow I didn’t know that Wuhan is a massive centre of manufacturing surgical masks #Insiders
reading about quarantined school kids in Wuhan getting their homework app dropped from the app store by flooding it with one-star reviews, and i'm just here to say: DIRECT ACTION GETS THE GOODS
#MedicalTerrorism is maintaining flights to/from China in the midst of the Wuhan epidemic, donating a large volume of medical supplies to China, concealing a growing epidemic, arresting whistleblowers, failing to quarantine Qom, and calling offers of aid from the US ridiculous.
It cannot be understated just how drastic the measures of containment Italy seems about to pass, nothing short of a Wuhan-style lockdown of northern Italy including Milan and Venice. #unprecedented #coronavirusitalla #coronavirusitaly @thedailybeast
this is the equivalent of what the Chinese did when they blocked off Wuhan  …
When WHO named novel coronavirus as COVID-19 on Feb 11, it was aimed to avoid stigmatization, by not mention a geographical place, an animal or group of people. But at press briefing Mar 4, Mike Pompeo still called it “Wuhan virus”. What it tells us about his low qualification?
"We have many people with a fever who are at home and who are unable to be visited by a doctor,” This is all very familiar for those of us who watched how Wuhan unfolded. Please please take action before it's too late.  …
Milan in March 2020 is starting to look like Wuhan circa February 1.  …
Anyway this thread is not a joke at all. China quickly built more than 20 mass quarantine centers for sick people to go in Wuhan. They got beds and food and medical care, if needed. That was vital to keeping deaths to a couple thousand. New York has no such plan or capacity.
Northern Italy like Wuhan. The whole of the Northern region of Italy , together with 11 other provinces, is sealed off until April to contain the spread of #coronavirusitaly . Milan, Bergamo, Como and even Venice are now among the towns declared off limits.
Regular people are indeed still saying "the Wuhan virus" and the name absolutely affects  it is these days to be an Asian coughing in a public place  …
This is where things stand currently with #COVID19 in Australia, per @healthgovau 63 cases, 2 deaths 15 link Wuhan 10 link Diamond Princess 16 link Iran 12 other travel 10 no travel: 5 cluster to a Sydney NH, 3 to a radiology workshop at Liverpool Hospital 
This must be the Spirit airlines flight directly to Wuhan China  …
Attached, see the global fire spreading. Mainland China has 99 cases today (Hong Kong adds 3) and only 74 in Hubei province, all in Wuhan. All but one of the 24 other cases are imported, including 17 in Gansu, likely from Iran. This shows the contraction of spatial contagion. 
Italian government set out to put the whole of Lombardy in lockdown.  with Wuhan was all too plausible, sadly. But  and irresponsible leaks have lef to panic, and Italy as a whole risks a Hubei scenario if this is not implemented really fast.  …
Sorry. It started in Wuhan, China. But nice try.
The Wuhan-virus is growing in power.  …
For those who thought quarantining Wuhan was just an authoritarian overreactiin  …
Genuinely - Is this True?? Or is it Fake News??? “The Dean Koontz novel ‘The Eyes Of Darkness’ from 1981 talks about a virus that would appear in 2020 and its name would be Wuhan 400” 
In astrocartography, Dec 26 2019 solar eclipse MC/Ceres line cuts right through centre of Wuhan, likely source of coronovirus. Ceres reps the life-death cycle and was close to the Sun-Moon-Saturn-Pluto stellium at eclipse. Ceres suggests renewal: a health crisis but vaccine too.
It is not helpful that there is only little talk about voluntary social distancing. There is a broad, broad spectrum between going about life as always and lockdowns Wuhan-style.
Tributes to 'wonderful' UK great-grandfather who died after coronavirus diagnosis, as Italy orders Wuhan-style lockdown of Lombardy region  
46. Italy: there you go, intensive care doctors in Lombardy sound the alarm, dressed like the Chinese in Wuhan in January: "Timely action or a disastrous healthcare calamity". Triage practices  to intensive care.  
Seriously You must hear this video in light of what went down in Wuhan China! We are not China and we are not going for the “project zephyr” bull crap  …
I heard Sinn Féin gave COVID19 to that bat in Wuhan, they're an awful crowd altogether them Shinners
Preprint: China''s control measures effectively contained virus,. "Ro dropped from 3.86..before intervention..to 0.32..post intervention" "countermeasures..effectively controlled..Covid-19..in Wuhan" Impact of Non-pharmaceutical Interventions in Wuhan  …
Coronavirus and 5G in both Wuhan and Northern Italy. Hmmmmmm. Thoughts?  …
Quarantined Wuhan kids find brilliant way to get out of schoolwork  
Magaalada uu ka soo bilowday corona virus waxa loo yaqana WUHAN, waxaana lagu micneyay sida tan. W= Wash your hands U= Use face mask H= Have tempreture checked regularly A= Avoid large croud N= Never touch your face with unclean hands. Soo gaabis fiican oo lagu xasuusan karo
I believe the children are our future. The Word from Wuhan: Video clips of life under quarantine are trending on TikTok. Children were presumably glad to be off school -- until, that is, an app called DingTalk was introduced. Students are meant to sign... 
Trump admin labeling coronavirus as the “Wuhan virus” strikes at the very heart of China’s carefully crafted narrative that it remains a responsible stakeholder in the international system. And that’s why Beijing is so peeved about it.  …
Construction worker who involved in building #Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan charged ¥4200(¥150/day) quarantine fee after returning to his hometown Xishui County in #Hubei Province. Turns out you are on your own. The #CCP is not paying for your hard work & risk  …
Did You Know? Bill Gates Funded The PIRBRIGHT Institute, Which Owns A Patent On Coronavirus; The CDC Owns The Strain Isolated From Humans 10K Military Personnel From 110 Nations In Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak  …
They laughed at Wuhan and China for putting in the lockdown. They had time to learn from Chinas mistakes and prepare. To avoid a ruthless response. And now? They're doing almost exactly what the PRC did. The tragic irony. Nice gets you in trouble. #coronavirus  …
#Wuhan streets remain empty amid #coronavirus outbreak 
Step back from #COVIDー19 & wonder at the awesome power of nature. A microscopic organism carried by a bat & then to another animal, then "jumped" species to a single person in a market in Wuhan, China. Now that microbe has circumnavigated the earth, creating social/econ chaos
We've had a few months. It hasn't. WHO fatality rate outside Wuhan is 0.7%. There's enough data to know that fear, not death, is what is driving this virus.
Smog's so bad in China you can't see the sun. And the most polluted province is Wuhan, its toxic atmosphere kills tens of thousands each year. But now the Chinese are blaming the deaths on COVID-19, not pollution. Oh, really?  …
Wuhan vlog : Do patients in a #coronavirus ward get cross 
BREAKING: JUST IN: France announces 336 new cases of #coronavirus and 10 new deaths in the last 24 hours. Total reaches 949 cases and 19 deaths There was one Wuhan in China. There are several Wuhan’s in Europe which have just started to blow up
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus together in #Wuhan, China 
This paper has very sobering data. This graph in particular has been on my mind. For reference, the second dashed line represents when Wuhan travel was curtailed (lockdown of whole cities), and the third dashed line represents when centralized quarantine was instituted. 
Xi Jinping to Wuhan: Yes, official censorship gave the coronavirus a three week head start, people are confined in their homes without proper care, anyone with a fever is detained together whether or not they have the virus, but you should be grateful!  
Doubling times: Measels: 3 weeks 1918 pandemic influenza: 4 days #COVID19 : 2.4 days (Wuhan), 2.6 days (Italy) Less than 3 days is devastatingly fast => control measures IMMEDIATELY & PRO-activively But R0 "only" 3-4 => need to cut 1-1/R0 ~ 80% social interactions => doable !!
this is wild, kids under quarantine in Wuhan didn’t want homework so they found a way to defeat it  
"Infected patients were treated in the hospital in Wuhan as early as the beginning of December, [but]...the govt held off informing the public and taking effective  they missed the best window of prevention due to this  …
My obsessive handwashing kid is calling my non-handwashing kid Wuhan Clan and I don’t hate it.
Well.....that's more than in early Jan in Wuhan.  …
I watched this via the internet for months. Wuhan endured so much to save itself and to give the world time. Trump squandered it all.
That's it. I'm off to Wuhan without a face mask.  …
As Sen. Tom Cotton has hinted at a “super laboratory” in Wuhan a reference to the high security biolab in the city as a possible point of origin for the contagious disease. Do you think China is trying to cover up the outbreak's origins? @realDonaldTrump @SenTomCotton
“I thank you all on behalf of Wuhan,” 9-year-old Wenwen bids farewell to medical team in #Wuhan 
This video is a timeline of transmission and spread of the #Coronavirus worldwide. started by #Wuhan in #China Now turned into a Pandemic and currently infected and victimized in over more then 80 countries (20 Jan 2020- 3 March 
Anyone notice that shortly after 45 refused to lower many tariffs, signs a trade deal that forces China to buy 200 billion worth of specific products within two years and then chooses to ‘give’ China 1.25 billion to battle the Wuhan Virus? Did 45 just make China pay for COVID-19? 
When China has 571 cases and 17 deaths they locked down 11 million people in Wuhan. The USA is currently at 340 and 14 deaths.
The effort of a Pakistani engineer volunteering to help coordinate overseas projects in Wuhan is highly appreciated. With quick responses and anti-epidemic efforts from all walks of life, the epidemic will will be over soon #COVID-19 @MFA_China Read  …
“It now ap­pears [CCP leader Xi Jinping] was lead­ing the epidemic re­sponse when Wuhan went ahead with New Year celebrations despite the risk of wider in­fections. Also lead­ing when au­thor­i­ties let some five mil­lion peo­ple leave Wuhan” Down with Xi!  …
RIP Dr. Mei Zhongming So sad that another frontline doctor succumbed to #COVID19, at age 57. Dr. Mei was a colleague of Dr. Li Wenliang and the third doctor that  the #coronavirus at #Wuhan Central Hospital.  
All #coronavirus patients in one of the makeshift hospitals in #Wuhan have been discharged or transferred by Saturday afternoon. The hospital will be fully disinfected and is expected to officially close on Sunday. 
This WSJ article is a remarkably detailed tick tock of COVID-19's early days in Wuhan. I've seen criticism--now is not the time for blame. I don't see it as blame. I see it as adding clarity to a confusing situation.  …
CCP irked by #Taiwan’s excellent handling of Wuhan virus. #WuhanFlu #CoronaVirus Ironically, the CCP’s travel bans to Taiwan last year, which were designed to destroy their economy, actually helped save the 
Update: I manage to fill in 3 blank dates in the Wuhan series, so I can start  with Lombardy from an earlier date (17/01 as day 1 for Wuhan). This brings the series for Lombardy more in line with the early day progression in Wuhan.  
. @chrislhayes: "We have had three months to prepare for the coronavirus  to the US since the outbreak started in Wuhan, China. We  failed so far. The federal government and the Trump admin. and  failed up until now." 
The oldest patient to recover from #COVID19, 100-year-old Wang, was discharged from Hubei's Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital in #Wuhan on Saturday along with 80 other patients 
Yeah, sounds like things are going “great” in China. Anyone believes their infection numbers or that they have this thing handled, I have a bridge in Wuhan to sell you.  …
Breaking Just Now: A 6-story hotel allegedly used for Wuhan #coronavirus quarantine in Fujian Province collapsed. Around 70 people were trapped 
China knew that the Wuhan virus was spreading China covered up that the Wuhan virus was spreading China delayed release of the genome of the virus that was needed for testing kits to be made Clear cut case that they are responsible and should be held accountable
Yes. The quarantine-at-home strategy used between 1/23-2/1 in Wuhan ie, some confirmed cases were isolated at home, helped reduce R from 3.8 to 1.25, but not good enough. An important lesson for us to learn. Centralized quarantine of confirmed cases after 2/1 was effective(R=0.3)  …
A 100-year-old Wuhan patient with #COVID19 was discharged Saturday, marking the oldest recovered patient in China. Army clinical specialists participated in his treatment and traditional Chinese medicine #TCM contributed to treating the virus: 
Good news! A 100-year-old man with underlying illnesses has recovered from #COVID19 and was discharged from hospital in #Wuhan on Saturday. 
An industrialist friend (has a textile factory in Panipat) tells me that after #CoronaVirus outbreak in Wuhan, there’s a sudden demand in India- he’s getting orders (customers asking for send whatever extra output he has). The disruption in China has created prospects for India.
Quarantined Wuhan residents shout 'fake, fake' from their windows at Chinese Vice Premier 
Same thing happened in Wuhan. As a result, confirmed case numbers were kept low AND death numbers were kept low. The Chinese mortality data is wrong in both the denominator AND the numerator.  …
A senior Communist Party official says the people of coronavirus-stricken Wuhan must be given "gratitude education".  …
Recovered #coronavirus patient, 86, kneels down to express gratitude to medical workers in #Wuhan 
It’s the lack of info, hedging and black holes, and heavy-handed attempts at news management, that fuel speculation and panic, and worsening of a crisis — NOT transparency delivered w sobriety. Good lord, hasn’t anyone learned from the Wuhan experience?!
Coronavirus is spreading uncontrollably in the world as cases  to a halt in Wuhan, China. We will know the exact and "accurate" number in Pakistan once PSL is over and all foreign players are safely back in their countries.
Nice new paper by @XihongLin et al quantitatively assesses impact of quarantine in Wuhan on the Re of COVID-19. Quarantine at home drops number of new cases per extant case by an order of magnitude.  …
Chinese social media goes full fury after Wuhan's top leader suggests that "gratitude education" must be carried out among the people of Wuhan.  
My beautiful hometown #Wuhan in cherry blossom season. We're waiting for the day when it's 
Inside look into an ICU ward in #Wuhan 
#Wuhan  out of its darkest moment, #China's CDC chief epidemiologist Zeng Guang said on  on the fight against #COVID19. Some countries may have just started to enter their darkest moments, which will take quite long period to get through, he 
After a party boss asked Wuhan people to be grateful to the gov&Party, netizens uploaded responses they saw fit, including this one from  show: "I THANK eight generations of your ancestors" -- the expression usually follows a very different verb. 
FYI my preferred method of greeting from now on is the Wuhan Tap. This includes after the coronavirus threat is over. 
But what if all the toilet paper is made in China in factories in Wuhan?
#BREAKING: A 38-year-old woman who flew back from Wuhan to Hong Kong on a charter flight on March 5 was confirmed to have contracted the #coronavirus today on March 7, bringing the total to 108. For the time being, it is unclear whether other passengers have been infected or not.
Health officials say one of the #HongKong residents evacuated from Wuhan this week has tested positive for 
last night, at a Singapore Pro Wrestling rookie show, I watched a man exclaim to the crowd "IT'S WUHAN TIME", suck on his fingers and rub his dirty germ infested hands on his opponent's face. That is the kind of risk taking I'd like to see more of in the Singapore Arts industry
New epidemiological study of 25,000 #COVID19 cases reveals that infection control measures in Wuhan reduced infections by over 90%, reducing R0 to roughly 0.3. Remarkable and cause for hope that aggressive measures in the US can make a huge difference.  
Here's what doctors in Wuhan who are treating Covid-19 patients told us about the coronavirus 
Good news! About one-third of  in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, have had no newly confirmed cases in the past two weeks as of Thursday. #COVID19  
Doctors say that there is the same likelihood of fatality when going to Costco with OJ Simpson vs taking a trip to Wuhan China
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02 #FBR
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan for 30 days. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio @bbcchinese @cnnbrk @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi #ChenQiushi  …
Western experts and government officials all say that wearing masks is totally useless. However, countries in Europe now have up 38 times more cases of #Coranavirus than HK where people wear masks since months! #HongKong is right next to the epicenter of the Wuhan  …
CoVid-19 cases in the Philippines: Patient 1: 44 y/o male Chinese national from Wuhan, China; 1st CoVid-19 death outside of China. Patient 2: 38 y/o female Chinese national from Wuhan, China; partner or wife of Patient 1; recovered and returned to China.
#coronavirusindia As we all are aware of the outbreak of nCoV corona virus disease caused by the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), which began in Wuhan, China in December 2019 The disease has spread to 97 other countries & territories around the world including #India #updates
BEIJING, March 7 (Reuters) - About a quarter of China's new confirmed cases and almost all of those outside the epidemic's epicentre in Wuhan originated outside the country on Friday, according to official data.
On the origin of #COVIDー19. The outbreak happened in Wuhan, China but it is increasingly likely its origin is actually in the US. The current odd behaviour of US government's hesitation to perform mass testings is revealing.  …
gonna stop dapping the homies and wuhan shake w them instead  …
#SARS2019p China Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions (NPS) Study of ~26K lab+ patients in Wuhan: The effective reproductive number dropped from 3.86 (95% credible interval 3.74 to 3.97) before interventions to 0.32 (0.28 to 0.37) post interventions. They work  …
New study. Wuhan quarantine delayed #COVIDー19 epidemic by only 3-5 days in China, but reduced global spread by 80%. But further restrictions to affected areas will have modest effects; public health interventions required to mitigate epidemic. #Covid_19  
Meet a Wuhan volunteer transporting medics and supplies amid coronavirus outbreak  
The Chinese Communist Party has not allowed Western virologists into Wuhan . Why ? What are they hiding and did this  out of a lab ?  …
Here's something to think before the lockdown: Hr before the Wuhan's ban, many ppl left the city. The abruptly announced lockdown has created its fair share of tragedies--if you were in the city, would u leave? If you were in other cities, would u happily accept those ppl?
6. Xenophobia on steroids. In China, it's not just ppl in Wuhan/Hubei who are discriminated against. Ppl in other cities have been sent to quarantine just because they were born in Hubei/Wuhan...
2. Hospital overcapacity. A massive outbreak can strain local medical system. Do u know in China, Wuhan has the second-most medical professionals per 1000 ppl, and the most top tier hospital per 10000 ppl? And w/o sufficient intensive care, coronavirus is far deadlier 
oh, so that’s why Wuhan bought all those UVC robots it’s  together  …
Take home message: the US is not doing any of the things that worked in controlling the #COVID19 Infection in Wuhan  …
By unanimous consent, the Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in #Wuhan.  …
The Party Secretary of #Wuhan Wang Zhonglin says the city will launch broad ‘gratitude education’ for residents to express: ‘thanks to the General Secretary (Xi Jinping), thanks to the Party, listen to the Party, follow the Party, create powerful positive energy’. 
#CoronavirusOutbreak : 4 a.m. in a Wuhan temporary hospital 
Any differences in apparent severity between these two genetic variants are most likely due to sampling of market-associated severe cases in Wuhan and missing the bulk of mild cases in this setting. 6/8  …
This mutation appears to have happened very early on in the outbreak while the virus was still in Wuhan, China. Viruses with "L" and viruses with "S" have spread from Wuhan to the rest of the world. Visible at  …. 
China’s government expels three WSJ reporters. Two weeks later, one of its newspapers reprints a WSJ profile of a doctor fighting the coronavirus in Wuhan Here’s the link if you want to read the story in English:  
Propaganda picks up as China recovers: Wuhan party secretary announced Thurs city will roll out "citywide thankfulness education" so citizens "thank the General Secretary (Xi), thank the party...produce powerful positive energy." Commenter: shouldn't we thank medics first? 
“This is the Wuhan coronavirus.” @SecPompro refuses to accept Chinese attempts to cast doubt on where the disease outbreak originated. 
China locked down entire parts of its country and lost trillions maybe in GDP because of Wuhan virus. They didn’t risk their entire economy because of a few Facebook posts.  …
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo switches #COVID19 name to Wuhan virus while China foreign ministry’s spokesperson says ”The epidemic is a global challenge. It has not been established conclusively that the virus originated in China.”  …
All In with Chris Hayes (MSNBC): South Korea tested 66,000 people suspected of having the coronavirus in the 1st week and is now testing 10,000 per day. The US has had 3 months to prepare since the Wuhan outbreak and has only tested 2,000 people to date.
Fascinating insight into the coronavirus control in Wuhan "The effective reproductive number dropped from 3.86 (95% credible interval 3.74 to 3.97) before interventions to 0.32 (0.28 to 0.37) post interventions"  …
I’m an engineer. This is what my mind does all day: I run back-of-the-envelope calculations to try to estimate order-of-magnitude impacts. I’ve been on high alarm about this disease since ~Jan 19 after reading clinical indicators in the first papers emerging from Wuhan. 24/n
One per day would be neither sanitary nor pragmatic, though this is indeed what we saw in Wuhan, with HCWs collapsing on their shift from dehydration because they were trying to avoid changing their PPE suits as they cannot be reused. 16/n
Wuhan start over 6 weeks ago. The government had over 6+ weeks to prepared. They literally did nothing.
The key policy   from this analysis of how Wuhan eventually controlled #COVID19 - heavy duty quarantines and movement restrictions, scaled up testing and case finding - are they very things not being done in the  …
You know who ALSO isn't happy? The 93 countries this virus spread to because a totalitarian government opted to be secretive & very nontransparent about it at the beginning. So I could CARE LESS that they don't like us calling it "the Wuhan virus".  …
To give some perspective: the increase in cases today in Italy is more than the official total number of cases in Wuhan when it was put in lockdown. (Italy and Hubei have a similar population size)  …
I’m fine with calling the Coronavirus or COVID-19 the Wuhan Virus. It avoids racial connotations while pinning China and its ineptitude and subsequent coverups as the origin of the disease.  …
Analysis results of 25,000+ lab-confirmed COVID-19 cases in Wuhan till Feb 18: epidemiological characteristics and non-pharmaceutical Intervention effects. The key results are summarized below and hope they are useful for the strategies in US and others  …
At the congressional hearing they were saying the us has better health system than wuhan. While 27.5 million of Americans are uninsured
While you were busy with Wuhan, this small Elite Group made Millions from  …
Has MediaMatters been bought by China? « Fox & Friends and Mike Pompeo Try ‘Rebrand’ Coronavirus as ‘the Wuhan Virus’ » MediaMatters also sttacked Sen. Tom Cotton over the claims that the virus came from Wuhan P4 lab.  …
Unsure when/if we will get a #COVID19 update Australia-side today but this was last sitrep 59 cases, 2 deaths 15 link to Wuhan 10 Diamond Princess 14 link to Iran 12 w other travel 8 with no travel hx; 5 cluster to nursing home, 1 death 1 HCW, 2 assoc cases 
The Wuhan coronavirus’ genome was released and is now available on GenBank, a genetic sequence database. The coronavirus genome ends with 33 a’s. The amount of 33’s I’ve seen associated with this virus is beyond coincidence. The elite love to sign their work like an artist does.  …
Quarantined Wuhan residents shout 'fake, fake' from their windows at Chinese Vice Premier 
Pompeo speaks of 'Wuhan virus' despite China's protests Asked in a CNBC interview about the ‘success’ Of Beijing’s response to the outbreak,Pompeo said: ‘I’m happy  the CCP today,but remember this is the Wuhan virus that’s caused this’  …
“This is the Wuhan coronavirus.” @SecPompro refuses to accept Chinese attempts to cast doubt on where the disease outbreak originated. 
#COVID19 Mutation update : SARS-CoV-2 evolution summary there are now 2 types of SARS-CoV-2 S type ( ancestor ) - cause less severe diseases L type ( descendant ) - cause more severe diseases ,  type that found in Wuhan ** Both types can be found in South Korea  
Hubei reported on Friday no new infections outside its capital, Wuhan. Big q’s about data reporting & transparency remain. If true, it is a steep decline from a few weeks ago when they were reporting 1000+ new coronavirus cases per day.  …
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
TOM COTTON: "Martha, what I'm saying is that when we put the virus under an electron microscope, we'll find a serial number from 'Wuhan Pandemix Inc.' They don't know we have those microscopes, but we do. It's not science fiction, it's not Blade Runner."  …
On December 31, 2019, Chinese health authorities confirmed dozens of people in Wuhan were being treated for pneumonia from an unknown source. Here's what's happened since: 
'I was unable to breathe', says Briton who contracted coronavirus in Wuhan – video  …
"It was a case of going to bed and waking up and not being able to breathe." Connor Reed, a 25-year-old from Llandudno in North Wales, was working at a school in Wuhan, China when he contracted #coronavirus. Here he describes his ordeal:  
‘Everything’s Fake:’ Top Chinese Official Heckled by Sealed-In Wuhan Residents During Visit  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CoronaVirus
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04
Three Chinese medical experts in #Wuhan on Wed shared their experiences in treating #coronavirus patients with their Italian counterparts over a video call. The shared information mainly fixates on medics protection and wards 
It was created in a lab in Wuhan. Tough shit.  …
2) Wuhan has almost the same population of Lombardy (around 10 mln). The progression has been slower in Lombardy than in Wuhan since inception – which makes total sense because despite same population, the density is going to be much higher in a metropolitan area such as Wuhan. 
Over 40K medical personnel in Wuhan fought the SARS-COV-2 epidemic, working tirelessly for over 6 weeks without rest, leave or proper sleep. 60% ended up getting infected. Hundreds died. Healthcare personnel are at the forefront of battling epidemics. The real unsung heroes. 
God help us all if this virus morphs into anything more serious. The long 14 - 28 day incubation period and the reports that it can infect multiple times is disturbing. Bat soup in a Wuhan market? Or concocted in a Level 4 Bio-Lab - a five minute walk away from said market?
I’m just going to put it out there that I’d rather be sick in a regular bed in the worst hospital in the United States than in the best ICU bed in Wuhan, China.
Corona Virus CoVid-19 was Engineered & Manufactured by the Chinese Government in Wuhan China to be used as a Biological Weapon. Should the Chinese be held Financially Responsible for Lives Lost and Corporate Financial Distress caused by releasing the Virus. #WWG1WGA #KAG #MAGA
"The Chinese Government is now pushing back saying that it’s not clear that #coronavirus even came from China & they’re mad at the U.S. for not thanking them for the efforts they’ve taken to try and slow it down." CCP admitted it came from Wuhan...so....  …
Pompeo has taken to calling the #coronavirus the "Wuhan virus" -- a term that China isn't happy about  
Coronavirus count in the United States reaches 250 total cases in 21 states so far via @CNN: WA: 70 (13 dead) CA: 49 (1 dead) NY: 33 MA: 8 IL, TX: 5 FL: 4 GA, MD, OR: 3 AZ, CO, NH, NJ, NC, PA, RI: 2 IN, NV, TN, WI: 1 Cruise ship (repatriated): 46 Wuhan (repatriated): 3
Anyone else up for sending this double-murdering bile duct to Wuhan?  …
Even after Xi ordered officials to control the outbreak in Jan, authorities kept denying it could spread btwn humans—which doctors knew was happening as of late Dec—& went ahead w/Chinese Lunar New Year banquet for tens of thousands of families in Wuhan.  …
“A lot fewer people would have died” had the government acted sooner, said one of Wuhan's first Covid-19 patients. The definitive, damning tale of how we got to where we are in China from @JNBPage @wenxin @natashakhanhk + others.  …
China report: All Melaleuca operations and distribution centers in China except Wuhan are now back up and running at 100% capacity. Clear Defense and Sol-u-guard are in high demand! No Melaleuca employee or Marketing Executive has gotten the virus! Unbelievable!
Chinese officials were aware of the new #coronavirus by Dec. 31, but waited 3 long weeks to act decisively by locking down #Wuhan and 3 other cities on Jan. 23. Meanwhile, the virus spread continued to spread, and the number of #coronavirus cases soon EXPLODED. @WSJ 
Unlike #China, where the vast majority of #coronavirus cases have been near #Wuhan, the US already has multiple mini-outbreaks in SEVERAL locales across the country. This makes #COVID19 containment *much* more difficult.  …
More stand-out reporting from the Journal’s courageous reporters in Wuhan: China’s errors, dating back to the very first patients,  by political leaders who dragged their feet to inform the public of the risks  …
When everyone else fled Wuhan over coronavirus, citizen journalist Chen Qiushi rushed in 'to help spread the voice of Wuhan people to the outside world.' Now he's paying the price. 
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan for 29 days. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio @bbcchinese @cnnbrk @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi #ChenQiushi  …
This story details the incredible and humbling heroism of Chinese doctors in Wuhan.  …
191206 [WayV-log] Getting ready before fanmeeting in Wuhan  #윈윈 #WINWIN 
. @UBCSociology prof @yueqian_soc, who is originally from Wuhan, is studying the human experiences and mental health consequences of quarantine. Dr. Qian and her research team have received a new federal grant to study COVID-19.  …
How it all began: It was on Dec 10 that Wei Guixian, a Wuhan seafood vendor, began to feel sick. A reconstruction of the coronavirus epidemic’s early stages shows how China’s missteps fuelled a global crisis. With @xinwenfan @natashakhanhk @wangfanfan  
Meet a Wuhan volunteer transporting medics and supplies amid coronavirus outbreak  
200306 According China Siyuan Foundation for Poverty Alleviation's weibo post, the ambulance team Yixing previously donated at Harper's Bazaar Star Charity Night is being put to use in Wuhan & other coronavirus outbreak areas  … @layzhang #Lay 
China Accuses U.S. of Botching Coronavirus Response, Claims Virus Came from America after suppressing all news how #Coronavirus was bioengineered at Wuhan virology lab Chinese Communist Party and @dnc use same rhetoric, “when they go low, we go 
Four thousand words on what happened in Wuhan in December and early January, and how this thing became a menace to the rest of the world—from the best team in the business. Worth your time. @JNBPage @natashakhanhk @xinwenfan  …
A strict ban on the consumption and farming of wild animals is being rolled out across China in the wake of the deadly coronavirus epidemic, which is believed to have started at a wildlife market in Wuhan. 
Fox & Friends and Mike Pompeo tried to rebrand coronavirus as "the Wuhan virus." The World Health Organization has urged people not to call it that.   …
By unanimous consent, the US Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in #Wuhan.  …
Alyward on CFR: They have a survival rate for this disease I would not extrapolate to the rest of the world....the Chinese are really good at keeping people alive w/this disease, just because it’s 1 percent outside of Wuhan doesn’t mean it [will be the same in other countries].  …
Everyone should read this. Perhaps the best reporting I've read on COVID-19. Wuhan is sometimes called "the Chicago of China" and is one of the most affluent and modern cities in central China, including 300+ research institutes and investments from 230 Fortune Global 500 firms.  …
#Coronavirus cases exceed 100,000 as countries struggle to contain spread. The novel coronavirus is now in around 90 countries, less than three months after it was first identified in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in Dec. 
St. Patrick’s Day Parade To Go Ahead, Minus Wuhan Gaels Pipe Band  …
“It’s fake, everything’s fake!” Shouted a woman from her window. Not allowed outside bc of #coronavirus, #Wuhan residents protest #China's Vice Premier visit by  from their  …
While the outbreak started in the Chinese city of Wuhan late last year, it has reached every continent except Antarctica. The coronavirus outbreak is not an "Asian" disease. Don't treat it as such. 
The CCP needs to apologize to the world for arresting the heroic doctors of Wuhan who first discovered this horrible disease. They should also be funding the rest of the world’s efforts to contain the Chinese coronavirus. #cornaviruschina #outbreak #coronavirus 
Without government mandated cancelation or delay of large events, some orgs and cities just won't do the right thing. But then governments will be forced to do Wuhan scale general travel restrictions and quarantine later... Less impact to enforce cancelation of events now.
A top Chinese official visiting Wuhan has been heckled by residents who yelled “fake, fake, everything is fake” ‘Fake, Fake': senior Chinese leader heckled by residents on visit to coronavirus city  …
Wuhan was Bear Stearns. Seattle could be Lehman.
Pompeo has called coronavirus the Wuhan virus. He explains he’s using that term because the CCP said that’s where the virus originated, and he says to take their word for it, on fox this morning.
I think the problem we all have is this: Nobody shuts down entire cities for nearly two months for a flu. Why was this necessary? Was it the worlds greatest overreaction? Also, would the people of Wuhan also agree, now that cases are down, that it was all just overblown?  …
Medics from Beijing treat Wuhan's worst infections CGTN's @Bossebosse84 has more:  
'It's all fake!': Chinese official heckled by residents on visit to Wuhan – video  …
First, CCP infects the world with the potentially lab-developed Wuhan Coronavirus,and now they seek to profit from selling the world masks to help avoid the bio disaster.This is capitalism with Chinese characteristics. @CGTNOfficial #WuFlu #coronaviruschina #coronavirus  …
China's Hubei, excluding Wuhan, reports no new coronavirus cases  Follow our live blog for the latest updates on #coronavirus:  
Coronavirus: MFA officers who flew into Wuhan to ensure no Singaporean is left behind  …
What do we REALLY know about the Wuhan #coronavirus? Let’s cut through the lies and disinformation, and quickly recap what we really know about the coronavirus from the doctors on the frontline and from medical research. It's a lot more than you think. /thread/
Why was Wuhan so bad for COVID-19 initially? 1) They have terrible air pollution. 2) They chain-smoke (men especially). 3) They eat god-knows-what from open-air markets. 4) They have a biological weapons lab next door. 5) They were selling lab animals in the market for food.
From December 31 with the first announcement of pneumonia in workers in Wuhan to March 6, and we are over 100,000 known cases of COVID19. That’s staggering and shocking and I am awe of this virus.  …
#CHINA : Where is Chen Quishi? This is the question being asked by the family of this freelance journalist who has been missing ever since his arrest on 6 February for covering the #coronavirus crisis in the city of Wuhan. Like Chen, many other whistleblowers have disappeared... 
China's Hubei province reports NO new cases of coronavirus outside of Wuhan in 24 hours for the first time since the outbreak 
There were no new reported cases of the coronavirus in China's Hubei province on Friday -- except in Wuhan 
Chinese authorities should apologize, instead, to the rest of the world for having man-made such highly contagious virus in their special facility in Wuhan. Even they destroyed documents, the truth is leaking, and will leak further more in its entirety.
SA Government: You must go to Wuhan to bring back our Citizens. #CoronavirusInSA #WuhanCoronavirus 
If China created coronavirus, Beijing needs  clean and save lives The epicentre of the coronavirus is Wuhan fish market apparently because someone ate bat soup. Five minutes walk from the fish market is China's only biosafety level 4 laboratory 
ALARMING Influence of COVID-19 on human body is like  of SARS & AIDS It damages both lungs & immune systems Peng Zhiyong Director Intensive Care Unit Zhongnan Hospital Wuhan University in Wuhan To Global Times.  …
New discovery: Novel #coronavirus affects blood circulation system and causes blood coagulation as severe and critical patients' fingers and toes turn purple. A PUMCH medical team in #Wuhan adopted anticoagulation treatment to curb the development of the disease. (File Photo) 
Scarier still, if only 10% of those 66M require intensive care, thats 6.6M people in ICU for 2-3 weeks each, or the death rate goes up... Hence the critical importance of slowing the #coronavirus infection rate so the health system is not overwhelmed.
Tips from #Wuhan: How to wear a surgical mask properly 
200 tonnes of medical waste produced in a day! How does Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, deal with it? 
Two disinfectant-spraying robots will be enrolled in the fight against #COVID19 in Wuhan, the hardest-hit city in China. The robotic soldiers will be deployed to hospitals, stations and markets for mass disinfection. 
[35:20] More likely undiagnosed cases than fatalities. 1%-2% fatality rate too high. Discrepancy between Wuhan and non-Wuhan cases. Health care interventions and ICU quality matter. [37:00] Incubation average is 6 days, but up to 14 possible.
Kids of a front line doctor in China's Wuhan write to their dad to say love and care 
Statement from SANDF We did not say we are not going to Wuhan, we said our pilots are on leave. We will go next week when  back. 
Live: Officials brief media on the progress of #COVID19 control and medical rescue in central China's Wuhan  …
New coronavirus infections may drop to zero by end-March in Wuhan: Chinese government expert  Follow our live blog for the latest updates on #coronavirus:  
The current Covid-19 panic was caused by the 6-8 weeks of daily "Wuhan is bad" "Chinese eat bats" propaganda that your media put out while China wrestled the disease down. H1N1 originated in the U.S., was not countered at all and was thus not preceded by a similar smear campaign.  …
WONDERFUL NEWS: Meet 97-year-old grandmother Fu Guiying from #Wuhan. After being critically ill for a month, she recovered from #COVIDー19 and could return home to her loved ones #RedCross Society of China's volunteer team made sure she got there safely. Well done! 
An aircraft has been secured for the repatriation of 184 South African citizens from Wuhan, China, amid the global outbreak of the #Covid-19 virus, but South African National Defence Force (SANDF) crew members are refusing to make the dangerous journey. #CoronvirusSA 
All of Italy's 22 regions have now been affected. Meanwhile, Wuhan reported zero new cases of #COVIDー19 over 24 hours for the first time during the outbreak. There have been a growing number of cases imported into China by travellers frm abroad with 36 cases so far. -CNA/AP
A Story of courage & Inspiration! proud of our two officers Junaid & Suleman from our Beijing Embassy @AmbNaghmanaHash who are on frontline in #Wuhan, selflessly helping & ensuring safety & wellbeing of students. They will return to #Beijing once the quarantine is 
And that's a really long explanation for why I take issue with the official's statement on likely CFR. Because unless we have clearer answers to those three questions, we have no idea whether mortality in US cities will be closer to S. Korea (hopefully) or Wuhan.
So Wuhan's declining CFR likely due partly to early explosive case volume exceeding clinical capacity (yellow stripes). Suppressing the curve (lockdown, contact tracing, etc) and surging treatment (1000-bed clinic), brought clinical capacity into line with case volume (arrow). 
im crying. this is so damn touching (a wuhan doctor and his patient seeing the first sunset after 20 days) 
Good news! A 101-year-old man recovered from #COVID19 was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan on March 5. He was diagnosed with the novel #coronavirus on Feb 
This is false, as at no point was an SANDF aircraft planned to be used for the trip from Wuhan. It is and always has been a chartered aircraft, crewed by civilian pilots. This is a very serious accusation, media houses can’t be playing fast and loose with basic errors like this.  …
I find this toilet paper panic hilarious. Sketched this up. Couldn't help it. I'll go back to my corner now. #corona #toiletpaper #wuhan #funny 
"In the early days of the crisis in Wuhan, China, the [case fatality rate] was more than 4 percent. As the virus spread to other parts of Hubei, the number fell to 2 percent. As it spread through China, the [number] dropped further, to 0.2 to 0.4 percent." 
A strict ban on the consumption and farming of wild animals is being rolled out across China in the wake of the deadly coronavirus epidemic, which is believed to have started at a wildlife market in Wuhan. 
Their map includes quarantine cases brought in from the diamond princess and wuhan so some of them are at or near the 15 bases set up for that. The rest are spreading out from major cities or located near airports.  …
#Wuhan has reported 126 new confirmed cases of #COVID19 in the last 24 hours. For the first time, all other cities in #Hubei reported zero confirmed cases over 24 
The aircraft scheduled to evacuate 184 South Africans from the epicentre of the virus outbreak, Wuhan City in China, is still grounded. The SABC has learnt that this is due to safety concerns. #CoronaVirusSA 
If you’re a reasoned thinking human asking yourself, “How in 2020 could we be facing a worldwide pandemic?” Here’s your answer. Wuhan market live selling animals 
How does a city's healthcare system crash? 1) A surge of coronavirus patients overwhelms ICUs & beds 2) No one goes to the hospital for fear of catching the virus 3) All other medical procedures grind to a halt That's Wuhan, Iran, Italy. And soon the US.  …
This isn't the first incident where Asians were randomly picked on by some Westerners because they think we ALL carry and spread COVID-19 even though we're not all from Wuhan. I guess I'm not traveling anywhere anytime soon. Probably have to skip Twitch Con too. 
So basically the SANDF is showing a middle-finger to the Commander In chief, they're basically saying fuck you Cyril we ain't flying to Wuhan you can go straight to hell. Did the center ever hold in this Thuma Mina ride we're in?? 
So some things bear worth mentioning: There are literally East Asian people being attacked in the streets because of COVID-19. If you're calling it the Wuhan coronavirus still, you're contributing to the link between the virus and East Asians in the minds of violent racists
#SARS2019p The best of us At People's Hospital of Wuhan University, a physician rolled a hospital bed outside so a 87-year-old patient who had been hospitalized for nearly a month could enjoy the sunset. 
This story about the brave doctors in Wuhan on the front lines of the coronavirus outbreak is both heartbreaking and inspiring. The best piece I’ve read so far on the human toll of this growing crisis.  …
"It's fake! It's fake!" shout residents of  in #COVID19 epicenter Wuhan in a viral video on China’s social media. They have accused property management of cheating them by only appearing to provide promised necessities. Investigation is underway  
When Trump wins in November, the people of the United States would like to off you a one way, pre-paid ticket to Wuhan, China where you can shake everyone’s hands, roam mask free, & swap saliva. You in?  …
Covering the #Coronavirus @RiceUniversity is personal for @TheRiceThresher Editor-in-Chief. Her family is from Wuhan, China and tonight at 10 she talks about what she’s learned as the story unfolds on her own college campus 
Taoran Notes also mentioned the videos yesterday. It quoted social media posts that said residents in  screamed from their windows, “Fake. It’s fake.”  management put up a show to send meat to the residents. Life is tough in Wuhan...Here’s a longer version  
This makes no sense to me. If we're telling Canadians to avoid *ALL TRAVEL* to Iran, should we not be saying to Iranians traveling to Canada, "Maybe  Or did that logic fly out of the window because "Wuhan" Racism et al? It makes no sense to me. And Trudeau is MIA.  …
Chinese doctors coronavirus like  of SARS+AIDS can cause irreversible lung damage The grim finding reported by Communist Party mouthpiece Global Times Friday, a paper by Wuhan doctors pub. Journal Forensic Medicine went viral on Chinese social media 
It is increasingly statistically IMPROBABLE – though, by no means IMPOSSIBLE – that the Philippines continues to be insulated from a broader Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. Authorities would be well advised to implement measures to assuage the growing concerns of the public.
People’s Daily said a resident in Wuhan shouted “Fake!” to a delegation lead by Vice Premier Sun Chunlan. The “fake” was referring to the veggies and meat sent by  management, and local government will learn about residents’ need home by home, the report said.  …
The Chinese Communist Party(CCP)'s Vice Premier Sun Chunlan was inspecting #Coronvirus in #Wuhan Qingshan. The #CCP did not allow the residents  down. The residents were yelling at her from their apartments: "What you see are all fake!" #COVIDー19 
Neurological Manifestations of Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: a retrospective case series study  …
From low-wage service workers to delivery drivers in Wuhan keeping a quarantined population fed, it is workers, including cleaners and janitors, who will, in many cases, be the first line of defense against the spread of coronavirus.  …
#Coronavirus : Discharged 36 year old male patient in Wuhan falls sick again once home and dies of respiratory failure. Shanghai based news portal The Paper also reported discharged patients were being readmitted after getting sick again.  …
My interview on #COVID19 with Seattle radio @GeeUrsulaShow. And yes, I did say “on the cusp of Wuhan 2.0”.  …
By unanimous consent, the US Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in #Wuhan.  …
I feel like Covid-19 is a good visceral experience of why sometimes tiny / obscure social networks get super rich valuations. Viral growth means a tiny thing that only a few thousand people have in Wuhan have today can be everywhere tomorrow.
COVID vs Flu Death Rate Note Chinese CoV numbers maybe off as (i)denominator may be small due to testing & (ii)these numbers reflect Wuhan-a healthcare system catastrophe due to the viral outbreak (Wuhan death rate was 5.5% versus Korea at 0.7%) 
"We are now pushing ourselves to the limit," says Li Hong, an international-award winning nurse. She has worked in a field hospital in Wuhan for the past 20 days. Here is her story... 
China's leading coronavirus expert claims the number of daily cases in Wuhan could drop to ZERO this month 
The Dems are dropping so fast it feels like it is Wuhan in America!
"Fake! Everything Is Fake!" Wuhan Residents Heckle Vice PM During Public Relations Stunt  …
@matthewbennett I want to tell you that la sanidad española is not taking coronavirus testing seriously at all. After attending a fair in Germany that had Wuhan and other  I fell ill with sore throat/cough/lethargy upon return and called 061...
Wuhan Uni hospital. A twenty-something doctor from Shanghai was taking a 87yo patient who'd been hospitalised for a month to take a CT scan. He asked if he wanted to stop to watch the sunset. He said yes. They enjoyed the moment together. 
The "left" is not exempt here, in fact, they're just as guilty. How many stories have you seen that focused exclusively on ppl in Wuhan? That was an empathetic portrayal? I can only name two. I wonder why that is? We all know why--it's bc none of you see Chinese as human beings
Since this began, I've seen take after take like this abt how COVID-19 will affect us personally (wrt economy/supply chains/etc), everything except what should be the most obvious: expressions of solidarity for suffering ppl in Wuhan, who've paid the heaviest price to contain it  …
Another Wuhan doctor said his hospital also encountered deaths of recovered Covid-19 patients. There is great value in studying such cases, the doctor said. On March 3 hospital in Wuhan announced the start of testing patient antibodies in blood before they could be discharged.
The death of a Wuhan Covid-19 patient days after he was declared recovered is challenging the criteria for defining recovery and releasing people from hospitals.  …
According to TMZ, Lady Gaga has reportedly donated USD $500,000 to vaccine research to help prevent the spread of COVID-19 also known as the Wuhan Coronavirus. 
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus together in Wuhan, China 
A 36-year-old man has died in Wuhan from respiratory failure days after being discharged from hospital  …
This is NEVER nature born. And the Chinese knew it from the first minute. #Insane scientists without any control from public or politics in Wuhan CLASS4 lab created that fucking #coronavirus in Gain if function experiments gone wrong. My opinion. Am I right? @realDonaldTrump 
Our best guess at the scenario remains an initial introduction in mid-Jan via exposure of WA1 in Wuhan followed by transmission in Snohomish County as explained here:  …. 2/3
Wuhan's front-line doctors are helping the world figure out how to beat coronavirus. Here's what they've learned so far  
Wuhan disinfection workers travel the city to help control the spread of #covid19. See how they are going door to door with containers of disinfectants on their backs to find any new patients and educate the public. #wuhan 
After Wuhan's Hankou Railway Station closed in the COVID-19 outbreak, the workers there rallied to help people transport medical supplies and medicine. See how they worked to get a three-year-old girl needed anemia medication. #covid19 #coronavirus #wuhan 
Must watch thread from Wuhan by @YaxueCao. When Beijing suggests that they will teach the world how to handle corona virus, just remember what citizens in Wuhan hv shouted from their windows: "Everything is fake!"  …
"A doctor in Wuhan stopped to let a 87 year old patient to see the sunset during a transfer." 
Over  days we'll be highlighting women in the CAF and the great work they’ve  for #IWD2020 on March 8. We would like to start off by highlighting the female medical staff who recently supported the repatriation of Canadians from Wuhan, China on 
I salute the good people of Wuhan  …
I hear from people that have traveled to Italy that the people are heavy smokers. This was also the case in Wuhan plus the air pollution there. Perhaps this can help to explain the very high mortality rate?  …
The Wuhan UltraVirus spreads from city state to city state...the Merchant Kings (Beto, Buttigieg, Klobuchar) flail about to try and stem the tide of disease-ridden NEETS...but of course it proves impossible. Father Disease has returned from heaven to kiss us all on the mouth...
Deputy Prime Minister Sun Chunlan inspected Wuhan and was shouted by the masses in several buildings, "Fake! This is all fake!" 
Coronavirus count in the United States reaches 205 total cases in 17 states so far via @CNN: WA: 70 (10 dead) CA: 36 (1 dead) NY: 22 IL: 5 FL: 4 OR: 3 AZ, GA, RI, MA, NH: 2 NC, NJ, NV, TN, TX, WI: 1 Cruise ship (repatriated): 46 Wuhan (repatriated): 3
Better yet, send Rand Paul on a diplomatic trip to Wuhan!
I'll french kiss all the doorknobs in Wuhan China before I'll vote for Crazy bernie OR Creepy uncle joe.
Rashida Tlaib - “maybe you shouldn’t even want to have sex with me...” I’d rather hook up with a street vendor in Wuhan!
Can’t wait for Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 10. Wuhan - 11.08 million people used to live here... now it’s just a ghost town 
Exclusive: Incredible piece about the frontline medics in Wuhan - from the #C4News foreign team @lilo11 @mattfrei @DariusBazargan WATCH IT  …
Taiwan is another country with significant success in containing this coronavirus—a single death and only 44 known cases despite extensive travel from Wuhan/China. Here, too, experience with SARS and China's coverups helped—they leaped to action quickly.  
#China Sun Chunlan, a member of the Politburo & Vice Premier visited a  in #Wuhan to gather propaganda footage to show the citizens are well supplied. Local residents shouted from the buildings angrily: "These are all FAKE!" "FAKE!" 
Two persons jumped off an apartment condo in #Wuhan amid #coronavirus #COVID19 #Covid_19 #Coronvirus #WuhanCoronavirus #COVIDー19 #CoronaAlert #VIRUS_CORONA 
The Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University is doing a clinical trial to see if large doses of vitamin C are an effective treatment for COVID19.   …
Chen Qiushi lawyer & citizen journalist documented conditions in Wuhan hospitals, disappeared for over 30 days. Police put him in medical quarantine in Feb.; dead or alive, no one knows, friends believe he is alive. White House petition has 70K signatures  
CCP should be responsible for making the world believe the Coronavirus originated from WuHan Market, which was dismantled yesterday! Animal-to-human spread is such a big lie! China’s bio weapons program was to blame for the epidemic. 都怪共产党生化项目  …
China's leading coronavirus expert claims the number of daily cases in Wuhan could drop to ZERO this month 
On her way to a CT scan, the 87 years old patient from Wuhan and her doctor from Shanghai enjoy a beautiful sunset. It’s a propaganda photo by CCTV. But there are also many sweet old ladies and kind, devoted doctors in that vast country. Best of luck to them. 
#CoronaVirusitaly #coronavirus #COVID19 #of deaths in #Italy is growing in #Wuhan-style...  … Day 1 Wuhan 62 cases, 2 deaths Italy 62 cases, 2 deaths Day 13 Wuhan 7678 cases, 170 deaths Italy 3,858 cases, 148 deaths  
Robot capable of disinfecting rooms and delivering medicine now in use at Leishenshan Hospital in central China's Wuhan 
Coronavirus is a engineered bio weapon that was intentionally released. The deaths are from the 5G causing the blood hemoglobin to be unable to uptake & distribute oxygen. Many in Wuhan were protesting about the bad air pollution. Where are they now? Trapped by the state.  …
A tale of 2 PMs: Proactive : Vietnamese PM Nyuyan Xan Phuc alert to Wuhan mid Dec 19, stopped all China flights 1 Feb, delayed Sporting events 2 Feb , Shut schools 14 Feb. Result 6 cases contained to 16 now all recovered. Reactive : Boris Slow & ineffective (2 cases became 115) 
At 4:00 am in Wuhan, as they drag their wearing bodies, these medical workers cannot help falling asleep on a bus, after a tiring day, on the way to their hotel. 
A citizen in Wuhan，who can't bear the rising price of vegetables，went to the source market himself and found the price there was not raised at all. Then the question is：where did the huge profit go？ #Wuhan #Coronavirus 
New cases of novel #coronavirus infection in #Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, are expected to be zero at the end of this month, Zhang Boli, a member of the work group sent by the central government to guide epidemic control work in Hubei, said recently.
Fit test for my  7 minutes in this thing has given me even more respect for the poor doctors of Wuhan who have to wear this sort of equipment all the time, for extended shifts. Sweaty and   – at St. Mary's Hospital
“No, you can’t shoot videos here.” Nurse says. This is at the Central Hospital in #Dongguan city in #Guangdong . Out of 6 workers in a factory who just came back to work, 2 were confirmed to have #COVID19, and will be transferred to #Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan on Mar 6... 
July 2019. Are they playing for it now? First Hong Kong protested. Now it’s Wuhan, China. What makes it Beijing’s latest headache?  …
Four months into the Wuhan virus pandemic and still no clarity on the origin, as China pumps propaganda mill with disinformation of CIA origin  …
TWO new #CoronaVirus cases in Ontario: Woman in her 50s who returned from Italy (in Kitchener) Man in his 60s who returned from Iran (Toronto) #onpoli #Wuhan
Carrie Lam spent months destroying the #HongKong culture of wearing masks in winter to prevent viruses. Her anti mask law was a main driver of this stigma by design. Fortunately, so far, HKers wasted little time getting prepared after this #Wuhan made disaster reared it’s head.  …
1/2 A 36-year-old Chinese man in #Wuhan was diagnosed w/ #Coronavirus. After having treatment & discharged from hospital, he went to a hotel for forcible quarantine but died after 6 days there. Due to the medical cert of death, the direct cause of his death was 
Don't interrupt! Blaming4 #coronaviruschina will enable us 2 uniteagainst the New Evil Empire4 its coverup. This pandemic has been killing not only Chinese people but also people throughout. Wuhan victims cry out fake as Vice-Premier 孙春兰 visits.   …
Jobs you don’t want to have right now: Cruise ship salesman Airport greeter Wuhan real estate agent Iranian Parliament member Italian tour guide
Today vice prime minister Sun Chunlan #孙春兰 visited Wuhan Qingshan Kaiyuan  It’s meant to be a PR show. Residents were not allowed  out, but things went out of control. They started shouting, “Fake! Everything is fake!” #假的 
While  to China is premature, not directly applicable given relative scale of Wuhan to China vs. Seattle to U.S.; roughly, Wuhan airport had half air traffic of SEA-TAC, even accounting for both international and domestic passengers with 24M total passengers in 2018.
Just when the outbreak in Hubei Province reportedly eased significantly, patients in several hospitals in Wuhan experienced relapses after being discharged, and some hospitals have now suspended the discharge of patients for the time being: report. 
Weeks ago it was Wuhan Wuhan Wuhan everywhere now that Italy is the epicentre its mad quiet
Indian Muslims don’t need your interference. Take care of your own citizens and don’t try to divert the minds of your country from the mismanagement of the Wuhan virus which has even killed your advisor.  …
“Maybe we were better off in Wuhan,” a restaurant worker named Dharmender Singh said. Singh is especially concerned about the availability of adequate personal protection.  …
This one is beautiful! On the streets of Florence, Italy a Wuhan student stood with his eyes closed, and the card next to him said: “I’m not a virus, I’m human!” See how great people in Italy responded!  …
Coronavirus draws scrutiny to labs handling deadly pathogens, but scientists dismiss theory that humans contracted the virus through an accident at a facility in Wuhan 
Wuhan #Coronavirus : ‘recovered’ patient dies as China continues coverup #cornaviruschina #WuFlu #china #outbreak - China wouldn’t let CDC scientists in because they would have found the truth of origin. #WuhanLab  …
A 98-year-old woman has been discharged from a hospital in the Chinese city of #Wuhan after being cured of the #coronavirus—making her the oldest person in the world to survive the deadly illness. #China 
Expert: Wuhan hopefully reports no new #COVID19 cases at end of  …
Killery ’ns know the democrats who are against America R using a virus 2weaponize a hoax 2win! Timing is suspicious bcuz a real ’n President has stoped U dems/China from stealing America’s wealth 4Urselves! Dems=hoax Wuhan/market is 2 coronavirus what a video is 2 Benghazi!  …
China - A 36 year old man has died from #coronavirus five days after being given the all clear by doctors in Wuhan, China  … h/t Shiloh #COVID19 #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusOutbreak
Japan & South Korea were among the earliest to help when #coronavirus first broke out in Wuhan. As infections in the two countries surge, China has not hesitated to return the favour to them. Read more: China stands united with neighbors in #COVID19 fight  
Wuhan's Wuchang district has distributed a traditional Chinese medicine formula to local residents, and this measure has been proved effective in curbing the novel #coronavirus epidemic at  level. #COVID19 #China #TCM
IT WAS NOT ITALY!Germany confirms first human #coronavirus transmission in Europe The first human-to-human transmission of the Wuhan coronavirus in Europe has been reported in Germany, where a man was infected by a colleague who had been in China,  …
"Fortieth day in Wuhan, safe and sound!" A nurse shares her life in Wuhan, passes on positive energy to people on frontline and back home  
So the government said they were sending $61,800 for Ugandans in Wuhan (which we still haven’t seen) but in reality $600,000 was sent to the Embassy in Beijing. That means there are people somewhere that used our misery as an opportunity to swindle $538,200 of tax-payers money
Lots of unanswered questions... Is the World Health Organization a PR adjunct of Big Pharma? How tight is the relationship between the WHO and the Chinese Communist Party? Who Or What Started The Wuhan Coronavirus Epidemic? | Zero Hedge  …
Fighting back against #coronavirus - with Hot Dry Noodles. My old friend and colleague (with the best #twitter handle on earth), Yuli Yang is a #Wuhan native. Get to it  …
What's the daily routine for a nurse in a #coronavirus isolation ward in Wuhan? Check out this #vlog filmed by a nurse from Ningxia. 
If you want to know why Taiwanese are so angry with Taiwanese businessmen in China, these  back and sue Taiwan's government for not bringing them back from Wuhan due to #COVID19, when the CCP was preventing it from being done properly. But yet, they wouldn't sue  …
"On Thursday, Chinese media The Paper reported that a man in Wuhan who had recovered from Covid-19 and tested negative for the virus died less than a week later from the infection. The report was later removed from the internet."  …
Coronavirus: ‘recovered’ patient dies. A 36-year-old man has died in Wuhan from respiratory failure days after being discharged from hospital. Latest data from the mainland shows most new infections continue to occur at epidemic’s epicentre  …
China coronavirus infections spike in central city of Wuhan  
I just sneezed at office and everybody is just staring at me. Abe saalo. Nothing like Wuhan is going to happen here in India. We will be affected economically as we are dependent on China for imports.
In late December the WHO learnt of the outbreak of a previously unknown virus in Wuhan. Less than 4 weeks later China had constructed 2 huge temporary hospitals in 6 days The UK response is to allocate 4 treatment centres. It isn't good enough.
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus together in #Wuhan, China 
Medics from Beijing treat Wuhan's worst #COVID19 
Nice to meet Second Secretary Deepak Padmakumar before he returns to @EOIBeijing after quarantine. He had volunteered to assist and  the evacuees from #Wuhan. Thank @deepaddy for keeping #IFS traditions 
Live: What is the special volunteer team "Iron Man" doing in Wuhan to contain #COVID19  …
At 4:00 am in Wuhan, as they drag their wearing bodies, these medical workers cannot help falling asleep on a bus, after a tiring day, on the way to their hotel. 
#EverydayHero Ten patients recovered from #COVID19 in #Wuhan have volunteered to donate their plasma TWICE to save others. The plasma of recovered patients contains antibodies that may be effective against the 
#HyunA posted her hand-written letter in Chinese characters on her Weibo account to encourage people in Wuhan and Chinese people alike to fight against #coronavirus. Chinese fans are moved by her kind heart! #COVID19 
"Thank you! Let me sing a song for you," says a recovered patient in Wuhan when told he will soon be discharged from hospital. 
Wuhan doctors and nurses are really getting hit hard by Covid-19 and deserve enormous praise and thanks from everyone.  … via @scmpnews
Without exaggeration, this was Philly 1918 & Wuhan last month. Is it Austin 2020? "Morgues & undertakers could not keep pace with demand. Grieving families had to bury their own dead. Casket prices skyrocketed. The phrase “bodies stacked like cordwood” became  refrain." 
3/4 CCP Vice Premier Sun Chunlan, who manages Public Health, visited a Wuhan Kaiyuan Mansion Community, Qingshan District. Property manager did not allow residents  down. One women shouted upstairs: “All you have seen is fake!” The VP knows but they need a show. 
I feel bad for #SXSW. If they cancel, they lose money. So would many Austin businesses. But we've seen this movie before, in Philadelphia 1918 and Wuhan 2020. Holding an event with huge numbers of people in the middle of a pandemic fills hospitals first and then cemeteries. 
Read this moving page-one @WSJ story on the heroism of Chinese doctors in Wuhan. It has no byline.  …
China coronavirus infections spike in central city of Wuhan  
Please follow my friend & former CNN colleague Yuli Yang ( @once). Yuli is fighting coronavirus stigma with courage, positivity & some damn tasty recipes from her beloved hometown of Wuhan. Never forget the people living through this nightmare. An outbreak can happen anywhere.  …
Hope on the frontline. A month after makeshift hospitals opened to chaos and confusion in Wuhan, the epicentre of China's #coronavirus epidemic, frontline doctor Ma Yonggang tells @AFP how he is finally seeing more empty beds as fewer patients arrive  
A medical team from Gansu Province at a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan develops a set of lung exercises to help #COVID19 patients improve immunity by flapping and massaging acupuncture 
China honored multiple medical groups and 34 medics who made important contributions battling #coronavirus. Among them are late Dr. #LiWenliang, a Wuhan doctor who won widespread respect for raising the alarm about COVID-19, and Liu Zhiming, head of the Wuchang Hospital. 
Patient dies after being earlier discharged as ‘recovered’: “36-year-old man has died in Wuhan from respiratory failure days after being discharged from hospital”. It’s not reinfection - likely just unstabletest that discharged him.  …
Fascinating shift in the Chinese govt’s propaganda this week. Wuhan wet market “once believed to be the origin of the virus”. History will no doubt be rewritten here to say this came from the US.  …
Good case for this. The "basic" death rate in Wuhan/Hubei, with 84% of all known Chinese infections, is 4.3%. In all the rest of China, with vastly lower rate of infection, the death rate is 0.85% US infection rate is about to go exponential. Canceling school etc is a no-brainer  …
Just heard from @zeithq engineer @shuding_ (who's in Wuhan!) about a *major* milestone: 0 new coronavirus cases yesterday in his district!
According to @appledaily_hk, after a 36-yr-old #Coronavirus patient recovered in #Wuhan, he died after quarantine in hotel. The recovery cases in PRC also got #CCP  …
“A 36-year-old man has died of respiratory failure in Wuhan, five days *after* being discharged from one of the shelter hospitals” Recovery from COVID19 is a multi-week process. People in their 30s-50s must rest and continue monitoring themselves  …
URGENT: Facebook has COVID-19/Wuhan Flu everybody stop using Facebook and delete it so you don’t get infected! ...Hey I can try right?  …
“If [modeled case projection] analysis is correct, that could mean that Washington is in the position that Wuhan was in January, after the virus was detected but had already been spreading in   …
8. This is a *slow moving train wreck*. We think that the USA is approx. where China was on Jan 1st. By Jan 21st, the Chinese government was cutting off Wuhan and implementing unthinkable (to US norms) procedures, to contain this virus. We ask... Is the US ready for this? /END
2. Seattle is clearly an epicenter right now in the US, with CA close behind, & runs the risk of being Wuhan 2.0. This is not alarmist, this is based on our view taking in all available info. Measures being implemented generally in the  to other countries are woeful.
I struggle to understand how someone so dense can hold the most powerful office in country. The virus apparently transmits more or less like flu; Wuhan is a transpo hub of 11M people. That cat was out of the bag before the bag opened. Easy to stay ignorant on your daddy's money.  …
Two virus strains: “The more aggressive type of virus was found to be prevalent in the early stages of the outbreak in Wuhan. But frequency of this type of virus has decreased from early January, the scientists said.”Unclear the implications.  …
Did exclusively Wuhan Shake today with my patients & their  family/friends in clinic. All smiled or laughed, so if the goal of handshakes is to connect w/ people, I think this does it at least as well. Extra smiles in an oncology clinic are always   …
“When I saw it, I knew.” A doctor worked nonstop on the coronavirus outbreak. Then her parents got sick. Her 9-year-old daughter was left home alone. Very moving account about a Wuhan doctor’s life and work via ⁦ @WSJ⁩  …
The frontline medical professionals in Wuhan who gave it their all are heroes. Reporting by the WSJ: “If we fail, what happens to you all?”  
Researchers at @ORNL performed virtual high-throughput screening to identify drug candidates for targeting a specific protein of the Wuhan coronavirus using Summit, the world’s fastest  
Looks like nothing is still happening in Wuhan, which only affirms the wise central  to resume work at any cost 
Since early February, central China's #Wuhan has transformed 15 public facilities, including sports centers, schools and exhibition halls, into temporary hospitals for #COVID19 patients with mild symptoms. CGTN's @Jingjing_Li takes us for an inside 
Would rather lick every door handle in Wuhan  …
It's alleged that a pair jumped to kill themselves in #Wuhan. We have been seeing numerous videos of people climbing out of and falling from buildings. If it's true that #CCPChina has successfully controlled the #WuhanCoronavirus pandemic, why are the people in such  …
The science says that Seattle is like Wuhan on January 1st. If nothing is done to limit the spread, there will be thousands of cases (out of control) in 3 more weeks. I'm calm. And rational. And a scientist.  …
Live: Nearly 200 recovered patients have been discharged from Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital  …
World’s shortest horror movie #coronavirus #Wuhan 
A temporary hospital in central China's #Wuhan held a special fashion show. Medics and patients indulged in a catwalk in hazmat suits and masks as a way to exercise and relax. 
The travesty is that we will soon have several Wuhan-size outbreaks if we can’t (1) allow clinicians to test if indicated, everywhere (2) institute large scale testing where new cases appear Neither is happening and vagueness doesn’t help  …
Remember Aylwards bizarre declaration that he didn’t need to be quarantined because he hadn’t been to “dirty” areas and his apparent inability to recognize what that meant about what he was seeing and it’s relation to reality for Wuhan people
I need you all to know this and know what their work has done to keep Wuhan alive
Chinese kuaidi drivers working in Wuhan missed the once a year chance to see their families. They cannot travel easily outside Wuhan because of stigma and quarantine guidelines.  …
I'm sorry for saying things that offend my haters. I would like  by booking flights for them... Straight to Wuhan.
Some dude just yelled “wuhan” on the metro. This is how it starts..
The origin of Coronavirus, WuHan market, is dismantled today! It was said part of P4 Lab was destroyed too. CCP is trying to destroy the evidence. #TakeDownCCP 
Mr. Ji is a delivery man for two  in Wuhan and he's been working hard throughout the city after the shut down from the #COVID-19. Here's his 
The origin of Coronavirus, WuHan market, is dismantled today! It was said part of P4 Lab was destroyed too. CCP is trying to destroy the evidence.  …
For last 2 days I hv been under attack from ridiculously stupid CCP troll army. They wanted me to take down a tweet that had WUHAN & coronavirus in it. Rest of world is suffering from CCP  & only concern of CCP is for their own "face". Disgusting.  …
Ben Gurion Airport in #TelAviv now empty because of #coronavirus! #Israel has tightened entry requirements #coronawirus #COVIDー19 #CoronaOutbreak #COVID2019 #COVID #CoronaAlert #Coronavius #Coronaferien #COVID19seattle #covid_19italia #China #Iran #Wuhan #CoronaGermany 
Anyone up for booking flights to Wuhan?
While you're chasing down your crazy theories, #China, you might want to look at the #Wuhan Institute of Virology, where you have been experimenting with coronaviruses. #CoronaOutbreak  …
In Wuhan, a new way to say hello has gone viral online – it's been dubbed the "Wuhan shake".  … Let’s not by swayed by fear and let’s support our local businesses. We try the #Wuhanshake in our latest #MayorsMeetUp with a stop in First Markham 
Coronavirus: WHO expert Dr Bruce Aylward talks to @mattfrei about mortality rate and threat to kids after trip to Wuhan  …
Russia and China spreading disinformation to keep democrats from voting. According to a new report,  censored in China include “Wuhan + CCP + Crisis + Beijing” “and “US Centers for Disease Control + Coronavirus.”  … via @slate
"Seattle is effectively in the position that Wuhan was on Jan. 1" ; study suggests COVID-19 cases in Seattle may grow exponentially in  weeks, warns people to take health precautions now  …
#Wuhan has been in the throes of a city-wide lockdown for 40 days. An old  suicide together by jumping out of their high-level unit on March 3. The latest #Coronavirus updates ➤  
In case you were wondering if Americans are capable of pulling off what the Chinese did in Wuhan. The patient here was New Hampshire's first known likely coronavirus sufferer, and even that distinction couldn't motivate him to stay away from other people.  …
"'January 1 in Wuhan was March 1 in Seattle,' Bedford told STAT. 'Now would be the time to start these interventions rather than waiting three weeks.'"  …
4 a.m. in the morning, a bus is taking the exhausted medical staff back to the hotel after a whole day of work in the hospital for #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan. Our heroes are all fast asleep. 
Important: #Chinese researchers say 2 types of #coronavirus could be infecting people, L & S types The L type, which is more aggressive, was more prevalent during the early stages of the outbreak in Wuhan & accounted for about 70% of strains  …
Hong Kong had every reason to have an exponential epidemic (lots of travel from Wuhan/China) and yet has dramatically slowed the spread. Two deaths total. Probably: with memory of SARS, they responded quickly with closures, universal mask wearing, social distancing and hygiene.  …
#coronavirus Acting Health DG Dr Pillay says while the aircraft is ready to repatriate South Africans in Wuhan, government is yet to procure a facility to quarantine them at. #AfricanPerspective #SABCNews
Why did we quarantine New Zealanders we flew out of Wuhan at our Naval Base in Whangaparāoa for 14 days but let people flying in from the #coronoavirus hotspot of #Italy seemingly wander all over the country? Jacinda's managing this crisis like she managed Kiwibuild. #nzpol
Incredible and important on-the-ground reporting from my colleagues on the plight of doctors, medical workers and their families in Wuhan, China.  …
Everyone should insist on calling the pandemic "Wuhan Pneumonia". If people want to be more specific, call it "Wuhan Coronavirus" or "Wuhan COVID19". Don't give them a pass! They are shrinking the responsibility of covering up & the pandemic. See this:  …
On @Channel4News tonight we have an exclusive inside #Wuhan with the medics still fighting #corona at ground zero.....and perhaps slowly winning @7 on 
From all the advice government officials giving people abroad. I feel safer in Wuhan! HONEST #Covid_19 #CoronaAlert – at Wuhan (武汉市)
 … This is another clear attempts by CCP to subtly shrink off the responsibility & mislead people the origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus!!! China embassies' statements are using "Japan Coronavirus", and "Coronavirus in Iran" now. WUHAN CORONAVIRUS everyone!
4 a.m. in the morning, a bus is taking the exhausted medical staff back to the hotel after a whole day of work in the hospital for #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan. Our heroes are all fast asleep. 
#Wuhan has been in the throes of a city-wide lockdown for 40 days. An old  suicide together by jumping out of their high-level unit on March 3. The latest #Coronavirus updates ➤  
From elbow bumps to Wuhan shakes, here are all the ways people are getting creative with their greetings as coronavirus spreads.  …
9-year-old girl dances with a nurse using sign language in one of the makeshift hospitals in #Wuhan for #COVID19 patients. On Feb 26, the girl's mother was discharged from the hospital ahead of schedule. After that nurses have been taking care of her and they develop a deep 
Wuhan Seafood Market, Ground-Zero For Coronavirus Outbreak, Demolished  …
Well done! It's so reassuring! Now we all know #WuhanCoronavirus must  from Wuhan P4 Laboratory. The Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market must be operated by the CIA as a way to sabotage our Motherland! Oh wait, I remember the bats...must be Batman's fault, he's an American! 
Looks like someone is about to publish conclusive evidence refuting the whole Wuhan wet market theory. The Chinese are in propaganda overdrive to cover their asses and start blaming other countries for it.  …
Coronavirus hits the hospitals first. 124 UC Davis medical staff got quarantined because 1 patient had it. In Wuhan, 63% of medical staff got the virus. Hospitals in USA need protective gear & protocols in place to deal with this outbreak right now.
Hello Tweeter. Is me, Melania. I am reach out to all my Tweeter friend for advice. Donald Birthday  and I am want to surprise him with vacation destination. But only for him. I am no go. How is Wuhan sound? Is nice place?
So #coronavirus does NOT spread as easily as the flu . And death rate iof 3.4% is sku'd from wuhan. Death rates outside of wuhan have been under 1%. So let's stop buying all the toilet paper. As more  in lets hope it likely drops below 1% overall.  …
Another doctor in #Wuhan has died from the #Coronavirus. #MeiZhongming was the supervisor of #LiWenliang, known as the “whistleblower doctor” who published information about the #CoronavirusOutbreak ahead of official  …
'Infected patients were treated in the hospital in Wuhan as early as the beginning of December and for unknown reasons the government held off informing the public and taking action. So they missed the best window of prevention due to this cover-up.'  …
The Seinfeld coronavirus episode: - George buys a mask from Kramer & Bob Sacamano to wear to work to get PTO. The mask was made in Wuhan - Jerry breaks up w/ his gf bc she holds the subway pole w/ both hands - Elaine can't find liquid Dayquil for Mr. Pitt, who is scared of pills
Send Rudy Drooliani to Wuhan Province to dig dirt on Coronavirus
Did you see the label that says "made in Wuhan" yet?  …
#COVID19 #coronavirus #Wuhan Case study: A 36-year-old male patient was confirmed positive and admitted to hospital on Feb 1. After the treatment, he was recovered and discharged on Feb 26. On March 2, the patient suddenly died due to respiratory obstruction & failure. 
Abstract: Although L type (∼70%) more prevalent than S (∼30%), S was ancestral version. L more prevalent in early outbreak in Wuhan, freq decreased after early Jan. Human intervention may have placed more selective pressure on L, which might be more aggressive & spread quicker.  …
[Transl.] Regarding to Coronavirus situation, I truly concern to FC and people all the world. I heard the news from China and makes me worry for Moms (FC) in China. I don’t know if there are Moms in Wuhan or not. (1) #Saint_sup  …
A woman in #Wuhan said her 36-year-old husband was discharged from one of the Square Hospital on February 26, and he was sent to one of the designated hotels to put under quarantine. On March 2nd, his illness relapsed and he died after being sent to the hospital. 
Wuhan Vlog: Tears and laughter – life inside temporary hospitals #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID19 
It strikes me that the U.S. will soon have several cities that look like Wuhan, or worse.  …
During a two-week visit in early February, the leader of a World Health Organization team saw how China rapidly suppressed the coronavirus outbreak that had engulfed Wuhan, and was threatening the rest of the country 
"The influence of COVID-19 on the human body is like  of SARS and AIDS as it damages both the lungs and immune systems," Peng Zhiyong, director of the intensive care unit of the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, told the Global Times on Friday.  …
This is getting very suspicious. That China is ridiculously asserting that COVID19 did not originate in China is a start towards proving the Indian scientist right. It's a modified strain. It's man made. It's Wuhan made &maybe more countries than one are involved. Just theorising  …
“The reported death toll is all fake. Every day, about 500 people die in Wuhan alone, not to mention the whole country,” a Chinese teacher said on #WeChat. He was detained for 10 days & lost license for "inappropriate remarks" abt  …
#SARSCoV2 genomes are sampled extremely heterogeneously in time and space. Rapidly growing local outbreaks get sampled intensively and result in overrepresentation of some variants. This happened early on around the Wuhan Seafood market and now with the Italian outbreak. [2/3]
A recent paper claims that #SARSCoV2 split into L and S strains with L leading to more severe #COVID19. This is most likely a statistical artifact due to intense early sampling of the "L" group in Wuhan, resulting in higher apparent CFR in this group. [1/3]
SAPM @sayedzbukhari and SAPM @zfrmrza met parents and representatives of Pakistanis students in Wuhan/Hubei 
When you’ve been in quarantine for 2 weeks and are about to be set free. This is the flight crew of the plane that evacuated Ukrainians from Wuhan and brought them to the tiny town of Novi Sanzhary, central Ukraine. All coronavirus-free after tests, they get to go home tomorrow. 
A nurse in Wuhan City Hospital wears Sailor Moon on her suit to ease her Coronavirus patients. Moon Pride!  …
I keep hearing UK politicians saying they are basing their worst case scenarios on Wuhan, Hubei but the whole Hubei region has 67,217 cases in total. And a population of 58,000,000. So that is 0.1 per cent. I don't know how they use that to project 60-80 per cent. Confusing.
If you live in the Seattle/King county area NOW is the time to WAKE UP. The region is on the brink of a massive coronavirus outbreak. You are where Wuhan was just *three weeks ago*. Be prepared to shelter in place. Don’t panic. *Prepare* #COVID19seattle
2) What could WA officials do? Besides the standard “wash your hands” PSA messages, WA needs to do more to avoid a Wuhan 2.0 epidemic. Not sure if America is ready for a lockdown, but it needs to be part of the conversation. State wide school closures also an option. #COVID19
NEED TO STOP SeattleWuhan 2.0: Washington state is at the cusp of a great unchecked outbreak. I once had raised a big warning in late January about Wuhan. I’m nearing a high level of concern again - Seattle area is now teetering toward a really dangerous epidemic. #COVID19
Impressive how #CCP is still trying to blame other countries for the #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak, when it clearly originated from Wuhan. They’re only making a fool of themselves For CCP, saving face  before human lives.
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan for 27 days since Feb 6th. Up to now, he hasn't been able to make a phone call to his family. Family and friends are deeply worried. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
1/ New way to read #WuhanDiary ！ I am helping a #Wuhan resident to translate, illustrate & share diary to the world. An insight of real life under quarantine of #COVID2019 from China . Please read and share！ #武汉日记 网页更新 #coronavirus  …
Seattle has all the elements in place to repeat what happened in South Korea, Italy, and Wuhan. Except no measures are being taken to stop the spread. Schools are open, conferences are not cancelled and people are going to work as usual instead of  WTF
and stupids finding vaccine for coronavirus, my grandfather who came from wuhan 3 days ago just read this dua and now he's fine.  …
"I know coronavirus is the reason for the lockdown – but did life in Wuhan have to  a living hell?" In this essay, a young person in the city where the new coronavirus was first discovered reflects on how China's response has forever changed her. 
"No winter lasts forever, spring is always sure to follow." #Wuhan City's famous cherry blossoms  into full bloom, reminding the city of how beautiful it can be (file photo) 
Good morning patriotic peeps This morning Bernie weeps I warned u Biden would surge And he did after the purge Bernie bros dont vote They just yell, Scream and gloat The Wuhan Flu is still in play But the media have pushed it away Wash your hands very well This thing can be hell
Kerala Health Minister KK Shailaja: The 3 students who returned from Wuhan (China) and tested positive for #Coronavirus are stable and at home. Their isolation period is also 
The @airindiain has raised a bill of Rs.5,98,90,352/- for operating two special flights to #China. Government of India evacuated a total of 766 persons, including 723 Indian nationals and 43 foreigners from #Wuhan, China. @ABPNews 
Urgent recall. Supermarkets have issued a recall on toilet paper as the cardboard inner rolls are manufactured in Wuhan Province and may be contaminated with Corona Virus
I notice @realDonaldTrump made his usual salary donation -- this time putting it toward the Wuhan virus fight. I guess Rachel Maddow didn't get that memo. I wonder how much Nancy Pelosi gave.
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
Heartwarming: A girl who suffers mild symptoms of #coronavirus in Wuhan chooses to take care of her grandma, who's in critical conditions. 
Tens of thousands of volunteers are doing their bit to assist the battle against the #coronavirus in Wuhan. 
"I feel really angry." Two residents of Wuhan, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak, discuss their frustration and the death of whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang 
Parents of African students stranded in Wuhan are calling on their governments to evacuate their children. 
A Chinese medical association says it has seen cases of discharged Coronavirus patients later testing positive again in Wuhan and Hubei provinces but there is no data on the exact numbers or whether they remain infectious
this wuhan fella so fucking cute  …
No winter lasts forever, every spring is sure to follow. Cherry blossom bloom in Wuhan Univerisity 
1/ #Seattle will see hundreds of deaths from COVID-19 in  months and King County will  the United States' Wuhan. A thread on why my home city will  the epicenter for a public health crisis and what might be done to mitigate it. #CoronaVirusSeattle
The recovery rate of #COVID19 patients in Wuhan reached 50.2% as of Tuesday; Hubei's recovery rate outside Wuhan is 76.8%; that of other provinces in China is 87.3%, according to the National Health Commission. 
Most #COVID19 patients were infected either by type L-coc or S-cov, but one patient from the #US who had traveled to #Wuhan has been found to be infected with both.  …
Volunteers in Wuhan transport 500 tons of medical waste in a month #CoronavirusOutbreak  
The number of recovered #COVID19 patients in #China has been rising for 19 days in a row. The following are the recovery rates of the disease: Wuhan City: 50.2% Hubei Province (excluding Wuhan City): 76.8% Other provinces in China: 87.3% 
#BREAKING @Badminton_Asia Championships 2020 moved from #Wuhan to #Manila #badminton #COVID19 #Tokyo2020  …
In the spirit of courage & resilience, I'd like to share w/you this simple recipe for Wuhan's most beloved dish - Hot Dry Noodles. They can keep you going through the good times & the bad! Remember, fear will not defeat Wuhan. And don’t ever let fear defeat you. 
Just in: India to establish a lab in Iran to facilitate return of Indians from Iran over Wuhan virus fears; One scientist has been sent, 3 to be sent later today. #WuhanVirus
109 HK passengers received snacks provided by CX in Wuhan airport’s departure hall before boarding the first chartered flight back home. 1 passenger failed temperature check and is denied boarding. 
Vending machines dispensing items like antibacterial sprays and disinfectant wipes are beefing up #Taiwan government efforts to protect public health in the face of the global #Coronavirus outbreak first reported in the Chinese city of #Wuhan last year. ( via OK Mart Co. Ltd.) 
A book called eyes of the darkness written in 1981 , there is a mention of Wuhan and the virus. 
*Flight departing from Wuhan* 
"... I learned that government supervision of the media meant that telling the truth was not an option." A resident of Wuhan, the city has been locked down for more than a month, writes anonymously about the living hell the coronavirus lockdown is.  …
’Provocative' China pressures Taiwan with fighters, fake news amid #CoronaVirus. #Taiwan Taiwanese fighter jets scrambled to intercept Chinese warplanes. Twice. 1,000 Taiwanese left in Wuhan Poll showed high approval for Tsai's China policy  …
How did a bug get from Wuhan, China to 60 counties in 2 months?  …
Omg. The Vietnamese Ministry of Health has this music video on corona & pretty funny: "Recently we got a hot virus, her name is Corona, where is she from? She came from Wuhan. Amidst the peace, it suddenly spreads" Might practice w/ the guitar tonight  …
People are swapping greeting habits with ‘Wuhan shakes’ and elbow bumps amid #coronavirus 
Wuhan closes makeshift hospital as new coronavirus cases in China drop sharply #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavius  …
Wuhan 2.0?! “The outbreak in the Seattle area is at a critical juncture and could see explosive growth in cases much like Wuhan, China, if public officials don’t take immediate, forceful measures”  …
#seattlecoronavirus Government, please get some tests here NOW, close schools and act before we are Wuhan. Cannot even buy toilet paper or hand sanitizer in the local stores. 9 dead over the weekend and employees from Amazon and USPS infected, wake up..  …
Wuhan Huanan Wholesale Market, a key source of #CoronavirusOutbreak, started another large-scale disinfection on March 3-5. The disinfection will cover all the public space in the market along with open storages of different 
The author has a top education + upper middle class job- things they were politically silent in return for. They're also young (we're the same age). Wuhan's changed them, forever: "Without democracy and freedom, the truth of the outbreak in Wuhan would never be known."
Could my secondary Twitter brain point me to a line list of cases and deaths specific to Wuhan - not Hubei? My primary brain is not thinking clearly.
The "Wuhan Shake" has made it to #Africa where #Tanzania's President John Magufuli greeted Maalim Seif Sharif Hamad at the State House with a "leg shake" rather than a traditional handshake:  
A few days ago a Wuhan resident reached out to me and others at @NPR w/this essay, now published anonymously. I talked for a long time w/them:"One day you will be the price that is paid," they kept saying. "One day you will be the 倒霉蛋 to be  …
Live: Wuhan’s Leishenshan Hospital is racing against the clock to save more #COVID19 patients  …
Bought my return flight ticket to Tokyo back in January, for I'm going to attend the Comiket 98 in May. Now the price drop to  with January due to the wuhan coronavirus outbreak. Me: 
Wuhan resident: "[Some people in China] do not understand that if we had human rights, democracy and freedom, we would have learned about what happened in Wuhan one month earlier. And the first whistleblower would not have died for nothing."  …
Japanese politicians are openly pointing out CCP ’s tricks: The reason why the CCP does not allow the coronavirus to be called Wuhan pneumonia, then slanders Japan & South Korea's ineffectiveness against the epidemic is actually an attempt to gaslight the world & blame others  …
"I know coronavirus is the reason for the lockdown — but did life in Wuhan have to  a living hell?" In this essay, a young person in the city where the new coronavirus was first discovered reflects on how China's response has forever changed her. 
Tbh PRC govt won’t give up any chance to exploit its civilians, after #WuHan implement closed-off management in  ppl have to buy groceries thru urban management, they have to pay expensive price for their food. @icablenews #武漢封閉管理屈機團購 
My kid woke up with cold sweats, vomiting. Urgent care asked if she was in Wuhan or near someone with Corona. Answer NO. Doesn't qualify for Corona virus test. They didn't have tests in any case. Lives with my mom who has CHF (medically fragile)  #fucktrump
The @DNC refuses to let Wuhan Virus stop Biden from getting the nomination 
Man in Hospital Mask Passes Out on Flushing, New York City Street, Eerie Similarity to Wuhan Coronavirus Videos @KristinnFR  … via @gatewaypundit
A special ensemble dedicated to #Wuhan: 50 housebound musicians from 11 Chinese universities have found a way to perform together to encourage the people of Wuhan 
3. two Chinese scientists from Wuhan were part of the Team at Univ of N Carolina who produced the virus: Xing-Yi Ge Zhengli-Li Shi they worked at the Laboratory of Special Pathogens and Biosafety Wuhan Institute of Virology Chinese Academy of Sciences Wuhan, China
... the actual source of Covid-19 was a level 4 bioresearch lab in Wuhan, China. According to many who have studied the strain, including Professor Francis Boyle, Covid-19 is a weaponized strain of the coronavirus, and therefore "engineered". The NY Post is asking some of ...  …
Etihad operating an A380 from Wuhan to Abu Dhabi, likely as a repatriation flight.  
Wow. "Seattle is effectively in the position that Wuhan was on Jan. 1, when it first recognized it had an outbreak of a new virus, but didn't realize the scale of the problem or the speed at which the virus was spreading, Bedford said."  …
that's the good news. the bad news is that there are probably ten to twenty other US cities which are at about December 24th in Wuhan.  …
“January 1 in Wuhan was March 1 in Seattle,” Bedford told STAT. “Now would be the time to start these interventions rather than waiting three weeks.”  … via @statnews
Seattle faces a stark choice — take aggressive actions to slow down the spread of the new coronavirus now or face the type of outbreak that engulfed Wuhan’s health facilities and led to a lockdown of the city that remains in place six weeks later. #Seattle #Covid_19
Seattle is likely to be the first Wuhan in the US but not the last.  …
. @JohnCornyn & I sent a letter to @CDCgov expressing our concerns for Texans’ health & safety after an individual, who had traveled to Wuhan, China, was released from isolation at the Texas Center for Infectious Disease in San Antonio, despite testing positive for #coronavirus.
this is a pretty sobering piece “January 1 in Wuhan was March 1 in Seattle”  …
He doesnt know that the coronavirus is a biological weapon that escaped the wuhan virology center. For population control against their own people and now it has spread elsewhere.
"The coronavirus outbreak in the Seattle area is at a critical juncture and could see explosive growth in cases much like Wuhan, China, if public officials don’t take immediate, forceful measures, according to a new analysis of genetic data."  …
3. Other Chinese cities, like Beijing, that started stringent social distancing efforts at the same time as Wuhan experienced much flatter epidemic curves. Seattle's at a critical juncture; acting now could mean a more Beijing-like outbreak, @trvrb said.
2. Analysis of genetic sequences of viruses from #Covid19 cases in the Seattle area suggest the virus has likely been transmitting there for about 6 weeks. That effectively puts Seattle where Wuhan was on Jan. 1 — three weeks from an explosion of cases. Act now, experts.
in our report: “As of 20 February, 2114 of the 55,924 laboratory confirmed cases have died (case fatality ratio [CFR] 3.8%). The overall CFR varies by location and intensity of transmission (i.e. 5.8% in Wuhan vs. 0.7% in other areas in China). In China, the overall CFR... 2/3
As mentioned in @WHO’s presser today, globally 3.4% of the reported #COVID19 cases have died. There are variations in mortality by location (within China - in Wuhan vs in Hubei vs other areas of China vs outside of China), as well as over time. For example, as we wrote 1/3
A pandemic of <4% case fatality rate at Wuhan, the epicenter has killed 9 out of <100 cases in Trump's America, after begging Taliban US is not doing again. Slashed interest by 50pts basis! Something is dangerously wrong in "God's own country?" Buhari it's time Nigeria bans US.  …
Wuhan is scrambling to handle the massive amount of medical waste being produced during the epidemic 
“Wuhan is the home to China’s premiere bio testing lab” I told one of the high school kids I know to mark this fact in his mind because one day soon they will say the bio lab never existed, erase it from Google earth and say all who claim this are crazy.  …
"1st case in Sweden has recovered: a 20 year-old woman who had tested positive to the virus on Jan. 31 after returning home from Wuhan in China on Jan. 24"
Wuhan doctor who worked side by side with late coronavirus whistle-blower medic also dies of the disease 
“We have determined that some staff may have been exposed while working in an intensive care unit where the patient had been treated.” This is exactly what happened in Wuhan. This is the direct consequence of Don't Test, Don't Tell. This is Seattle.  …
"Before this coronavirus, I always thought it was OK to sacrifice some level of democracy and freedom for better living conditions. But now I have changed my attitude. Without democracy and freedom, the truth of the outbreak in Wuhan would never be known."  …
Five autonomous #drones are being used to deliver medical supplies to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak via @ChinaDaily @JeroenBartelse @eagle_drones_us @NATEsafety #COVID19 #China #drone #HIMSS20 #CoronaVirusUpdate 
"As residents of Wuhan, my family and I are living in hell." In this personal essay, a young person in the city where the new coronavirus was first discovered reflects on how the Chinese government's response has forever changed her. 
Imagine if Labour had won the election in December. We'd have Corbyn and Ashworth in charge right now. I'd rather take my chances licking bus seats in Wuhan.
Phrases including "unknown Wuhan pneumonia," "Wuhan seafood market," "SARS variation" & "SARS outbreak in Wuhan" were censored from China's YY live-streaming platform on 31 Dec '19, a day after Li Wenliang & co. blew the whistle on what is now Covid-19  …
#coronavirus in #Iran: Reports of people collapsing in the street, same as we used to see in #Wuhan. This would suggest that this is typical in areas heavily hit by coronavirus. Iran reported today 835 new cases & 11 deaths for a new total of 2336 cases & 77 deaths 
Gee, it's almost like we didn't see this  Did we really think it was going to stay contained in Wuhan? No test kits, failed test kits, no widespread testing, no real preparedness. Thanks Trump. Asleep on the job.
People are swapping greeting habits with ‘Wuhan shakes’ and elbow bumps amid #coronavirus 
How WeChat censored even neutral messages about the coronavirus in China #China #CoronaVirus #Wuhan  …
98-year-old Chinese woman cured of coronavirus in Wuhan  … via @nypost
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
The 'Wuhan shake' or the elbow bump? How people around the world are avoiding shaking hands because of coronavirus  
No need to visit an exotic market in Wuhan. It’s as simple as a mini buffet with #MiniMikeBloomberg
So glad @amyyqin and @suilee wrote about this. One of our family friends died from a gastrointestinal bleeding. It is supposed to be something treatable. However, because he lived in Wuhan and couldn't see a doctor in time, it cost him his life. 
And here's the thing: nothing about this chain of events is unexpected. The early situation in Wuhan gave a clear template for how this could play out elsewhere, and the strain it would put on the US health system. That was a month and a half ago, and yet we're still unprepared.
Breakdown 1: Failure to establish a robust enough hotline to handle high call volume, or to develop alternate widely accessible ways that people can access guidance on testing. This should have been in the works from the moment we saw the case volumes being generated in Wuhan.
A month and a half ago, when Wuhan went up in viral flames, the administration had a choice: focus on keeping the disease out (containment); focus on preparing the US health system for its inevitable arrival (mitigation); or a balanced effort at both. 
Because of the Wuhan flu, my 23 year old decided we should go over the will. Her: do I really have to have you buried at sea? Me: yes Her: but I  visit Me: exactly Her: you wont even know, I'm having your ass buried in the yard
Seems likely that the quasi-pandemic is much worse as a result of the cover up. See this piece for how a 40k person banquet in Wuhan took place well after Li Wenliang had blown the whistle, resulting in massive proliferation of COVID-19.  …
We urge media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding #coronavirus. We warn against usage of: -images of people wearing face masks without proper context -generic images of Chinatown if unrelated to story -the term “Wuhan virus”  …
March 3 Updates on COVID-19 Pandemic Iran is  a second wuhan, with morgues full of corpses, What is the secret of the CCP confirmed zero new cases？ Doctor Mei Zhongming who is in Li wenliang’s same department died.  via @Gnews202064
Wuhan doctor who worked with whistle-blower Li Wenliang dies after contracting coronavirus on front line  …
Wuhan, #China #Wuhan Huanan Seafood Market was claimed to be the origin of #Coronavirus. The market was closed and everything cleaned up on Jan 1. claims now that this market is now going to be demolished. 
Hey @ComfortablySmug i think we found patient zero of the Wuhan Virus
Now that the residents of Wuhan have stopped eating the snake carriers of COVID-19, new cases have dropped dramatically. SARS ended when they stopped eating civets. Is this the same? Human to human transmission less deadly?
While South Korea has seen a BIG growth in COVID-19 cases, their mortality rate is VERY low so far - .5% with only .5% in serious condition. It would appear on the surface that whatever is spreading so quickly in South Korea is much different than Wuhan.
People have been wondering why HK's #coronavirus #'s are low. The best explanation is that the entire population assumed plague was about to hit us as soon as Wuhan went on lockdown (b/c SARS memory). Masks, social distancing, etc. Flu numbers would drop too if that's reason why  …
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: WUHAN HUANAN SEAFOOD MARKET TO BE DEMOLISHED; WHICH WAS CLAIMED TO BE ORIGIN OF VIRUS
#Wuhan Huanan Seafood Market was claimed to be the origin of #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak, although we may never be able to find out, as the market was closed and everything cleaned up on Jan 1. It was said that this market is now going to be 
He needs to be handed over to Wuhan police for interrogation. Away, far far away from vultures like Prashants and Sibals who will find a way to get sainthood to even Osama!  …
Could Rob Reiner move to Wuhan? I’ve heard they need bad actors there.  …
'Wuhan shake', elbow-bumps and waves - people are changing their greeting habits amid #coronavirus 
There are more and more cases of people suddenly falling down on the streets in #Iran, which somehow paralleled with what happened in #Wuhan, indicating that in the epidemic-hit places, such things do happen and these are not rumors. 
USA has lower hospital capacity (2.9 beds/1,000 people) than China (4.2), Australia (3.8), Italy (3.4), Japan (13.4), & Korea (11.5). Reports indicate COVID-19 epidemic filled the hospitals in Wuhan and Milan regions. I suspect WA state will be taxed.  … 3/
We should take a moment to acknowledge the efforts of Yung Wai-hoi from Cable News' China desk. His team arrived in Wuhan on January 24, but while most Hong Kong journalists left after a while, they stayed. They are expected to be on one of the chartered planes home this week. 
Wuhan, the city at the center of the COVID-19 epidemic, closed its first makeshift hospital, one of 16 hurriedly built to handle the epidemic, after it discharged the last recovered patients. News of the closure coincided with a sharp decline in new cases.  …
The US appears to be greatly under-reporting #coronavirus numbers. I didn't expect this. It's not as bad as Iran or Wuhan/Hubei - but all other places with 5-6 deaths had 250-1300 confirmed cases. US figure of 105 cases likely to rise dramatically and soon 
Dr. Mei Zhongming, 57 y/o, superior of Dr. Li Wenliang, vice director of the ophthalmology department of #Wuhan Central Hospital, died of #COVID2019 #Coronavirus on Mar. 3. Report  … #李文亮 同科室上司 #梅仲明 因 #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 去世 
Hezhou city in Guangxi has sent five autonomous drones to Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, to help with the delivery of medical supplies. #COVID19 #tech #China 
A group of seven nurses in #Wuhan Children Hospital set up "special shifts" to  15 children infected with the 
A Wuhan doctor from the same department as whistleblower doctor Li Wenliang died from coronavirus on Tuesday, according to Wuhan Central Hospital 
Wuhan doctor who worked side by side with late coronavirus whistle-blower medic also dies of the disease 
COVID-19 began by people eating infected snakes from a Wuhan market. Wuhan death rates highest by far. Is this due to lack of care or because ingesting the virus in food makes it more potent? Is China slowing down because people are no longer ingesting it just as with SARS?
"I feel really angry." Two residents of Wuhan, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak, discuss their frustration and the death of whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang 
New post "What Are The Odds?" - A Timeline Of Facts Linking Covid-19, HIV, & Wuhan's ... has been published on -  
Thread. This is how Wuhan fell. Not from malice, but from  national leadership and an ill-prepared healthcare system.  …
Mei Zhongming, deputy director of ophthalmology of #Wuhan Central Hospital, died of the novel #coronavirus on March 3, at age 57 Mei was a colleague of Dr. Li Wenliang and the third doctor to die fighting in the frontline against #COVID19 disease in Wuhan Central Hospital 
China reports increase in new #coronavirus  from abroad, as the country where the disease first emerged now worries about importing infections  A resident walks past a mural in Wuhan, in China's central Hubei province 
Walk with #WangYibo: At 9:58 in on 3/3/20, 1000 pounds of freshly Fengjie Navel Orange arrived in Wuhan. Our station came to help Wuhan again With the support from fruit farmer & WYB Zhengneng Fan Charity also a driver who sent the supplies to Wuhan day and night. #mtjj 
"We will finally win the battle," said medics from China's Qinghai Province who work on the frontline of coronavirus fight in Wuhan. #FightVirus 
On January 24, journalist Chen Qiushi traveled to the city of Wuhan from Beijing and began filming and reporting on the coronavirus health crisis. He hasn't been seen since February 6, when he told family he planned to report on a temporary hospital. 
Some children infected with COVID-19 were away from family in ward in China's Wuhan, while their parents were also isolated or infected. Some nurses took on roles of "mother" and "father" to look after them 
Second wave? We took a direct hit from the movement of people out from Wuhan (through Singapore) and managed it well. New cases suggest source is not directly from China anymore. Looks like this is not gonna die down soon.  …
More on #COVID19 - As more cases of patients tested positive for #coronavirus after being discharged from hospitals emerged, Zhang Dan, a doctor at Wuhan University Hospital’s respiratory department wrote on WeChat that #China’s benchmark for discharging patients is too 
Doctor Mei Zhongming of the Central Hospital of Wuhan reportedly died of novel coronavirus on Tue. Mei was a colleague of doctor #LiWenliang, who died due to the virus on February 7. 
Latest on #COVID19 - Chinese media confirmed that another ophthalmologist in #Wuhan, who works in the same department with Dr. #LiWenliang, died from 
#Iran More Video footages from Iran showing Iran has turned into a replica of #Wuhan Allegedly this man fall down to the ground suddenly due to #coronavirus. The man can be seen wearing a Mask aswell #COVID19 #COVID2019 
Stay strong, Wuhan! Young people from 21 countries sing a song to cheer up #Wuhan in the fighting against the novel #coronavirus. 
As a reminder, washing hands is just one of the tips. Please remember the #WUHAN tips.  …
Yuvan Shankar Raja should have been the music director for the 7am arivu chinese song. He could have called himself Wuhan Shankar Raja. What a wasted chance @thisisysr
Wuhan hospitals have reported a greater number of empty beds than that of #COVID19 patients. While doctors say it's the beginning of a long-awaited end to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, the fight is not yet over. more:  
Our response right now is looking like one of an authoritarian country trying to uphold appearances rather than deal with the unfolding epidemic. We learned absolutely nothing from watching Wuhan go through hell. We had the luxury of time to prepare...and we squandered it.
"There are three buses transporting patients...This should be a high risk area right now. Patients are constantly transported. Hope you  here.  here," a #Wuhan resident said after delivering protective clothing and goggles amid coronavirus outbreak. 
As I was saying, the data we have is extremely behind. We know the US CDC brought people back from Wuhan in violation of China quarantine. Now they are deliberately withholding test kits from hospitals. This is intentional.  …
98-year-old Chinese woman cured of coronavirus in Wuhan  
Asian markets climbed early on Tuesday following Wall Street’s rebound on hopes of central bank interventions. Hong Kong evacuated residents from Wuhan and Australians are trying out greetings without handshakes. Follow our live coronavirus coverage here: 
Leaked video: Qom, central Iran's #CoronaOutbreak epicenter. Voice says all these bodies in this tabernacle are #COVID19 victims Sadly, it does lend weight to the stories and  out of Wuhan a few weeks ago, that we didn't want to believe. 
E #China's Zhejiang Province confirmed 7 new imported #coronavirus cases from Italy. Info on the patients: – returned from Italy – worked at the same restaurant – close contacts of the first patient returning from Italy to Zhejiang – no travel history to #Wuhan 
Nobody did more to help cripple the American response to the #CoronaOutbreak than Donald Trump, who started by killing off Predict, a program by USAID that specifically worked to prevent animal-borne viral outbreaks, like the one from Wuhan, China.  …
Nope! Never! Not even the US citizen who died in Wuhan at the beginning of February!
The people of Zuoling, a suburb of Wuhan, have gone through a gamut of emotions as the epidemic raged:  to alarm, and finally, to anger. Read in Chinese and see bilingual version @nytchinese @suilee  …
A doctor's account: #Wuhan Central Hospital: Shedding Blood Like River During #CoronavirusOutbreak The nightmare descended again, our hearts withered, our faces as pale as death, we wanted to seek an answer from heaven, but heaven was silent... 
San Antonio Mayor @Ron_Nirenberg sued the CDC and Trump officials in federal court today, asking for more stringent quarantine procedures after the too-soon release of a Wuhan evacuee who tested positive for coronavirus. @CourthouseNews broke the  …
Western China reporter: “It’s totally ok to joke and stigmatized 11 million of #Wuhan for #coronavirus outbreak because I have relatives in Northern Italy! If you criticize me, then you’re authoritarian infringing on mah Freedom of 
Health officials in Wuhan are claiming a victory in containing the coronavirus outbreak. They have closed one of the city’s 16 new hospitals, which it rapidly constructed to cope with the flood of new patients  
A special way to say thank you: Two patients with hearing loss who recovered from #COVID19 are ready to be discharged from Leishenshan Hospital in #Wuhan. Medics learned basic sign language for a week  with them. 
And PRC got the WHO to back them up on keeping borders open. Now Beijing wants them closed to prevent reinfection. We are all just supposed to be distracted from this & practice the odd political correctness of never talking about Wuhan & #coronavirus. Vy strange days, indeed.
Once you dig deep into the origin country of these business owners and CEO PMIs, you start to realise these countries are now suffering from the pandemic Crisis of #Wuhan novel #Coronavirus. Coincidence again? But it's true. Just go for the trace  viral carriers.  
Of the 21 who have recovered from the coronavirus, 15 were from those who came from Wuhan, another 6 were from the Diamond Princess cohort.
The Chinese regime is responsible for the #CoronaOutbreak the disease is a chimera. Chinese scientists have been conducting espionage against @NIH funded facilities focusing on coronavirus research & sending the data back to their labs in #Wuhan. @GordonGChang
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital races against #COVID19  …
"Our Chief Health Officer was preparing #Queensland’s defences while #coronavirus was still 7000 kilometres from our shores. The State Health Emergency Co-Ordination Centre was activated on 25 January, barely three weeks after the first patients were identified in Wuhan" #COVID19
I saw Chris Matthews last week, he looked like he had the Wuhan virus. Time for him to retire and be quarantined.
BREAKING: San Antonio & its mayor just sued the CDC & other agencies over the release of a Wuhan evacuee into SA after a third test found her positive with coronavirus. They ask for three tests & “at least 28 days” of quarantine before patients may be released. 
INTENSIVE CONTACT TRACING — apparently Wuhan has >1800 epidemiology investigation teams to perform contact tracing to find who cases were in contact with / exposed to the virus. There is no way CDC/state/local health depts have that capacity if this epidemic blows up.  …
I’d rather lick every door handle in Wuhan than spend 5 minutes in this rancid midden.  …
How do we slow the spread? Through self-distancing. A preprint paper on medRvix states that the most effective strategies used in Wuhan were: a) shutdown of public transport; b) closure of entertainment venues; & c) banning of public gatherings  …
Coronavirus count in the United States reaches 100 cases via @CNN: California: 18 Washington: 18 (6 dead) Illinois: 4 Oregon: 3 Rhode Island: 2 Florida: 2 Arizona: 1 Massachusetts: 1 New Hampshire: 1 New York: 1 Wisconsin: 1 Cruise ship (repatriated): 45 Wuhan (repatriated): 3
1/THREAD: A few thoughts on #COVID19 case count growth. Europe cases growing exponentially on trajectory of 40%+ per day in some countries, i.e. on par with early days in Wuhan and Daegu. France +47% in one day. Spain 43%, Germany 27%, Norway +31%, Italy slowed to +20%.
That means (to pick a few things): - intensive contact tracing. In Wuhan alone > 1800 teams of 5 or more people traced tens of thousands of contacts - building two dedicated hospitals in Wuhan and pulling health care workers from all over the country
Things I personally would like more info on: likelihood of it being seasonal like many other viruses; the situation in Wuhan and China now, and the possibility of declining rates there; more context with other illnesses and risks and viruses we already face.
DO - talk about the new #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19) DON'T - attach locations or ethnicity to the disease, this is not a “Wuhan Virus”, “Chinese Virus” or “Asian Virus”. The official name for the disease was deliberately chosen to avoid stigmatization  
"What Are The Odds?" - A Timeline Of Facts Linking Covid-19, HIV, & Wuhan's Secret Bio-Lab  …
seems like useful advice/info #coronavirus #covid #wuhan 
BREAKING NEWS: Joe Biden's burning through cash trying to clear the field in order to catch up with Bernie Sanders. IN AN UNRELATED STORY: Hunter Biden has accepted a position on the Board of the Wuhan Biological Laboratory.
 to the new Wuhan Shake! Safer than. The usual handshake greeting! Lol  …
. @sheisimanib lives in Wuhan, China with her husband and son, and they were on vacation when the city was put under quarantine. They haven't been allowed to return home since. For people elsewhere facing anxiety over the virus, she says these are the questions to ask yourself:
Feeling nervous about #coronavirus? Wuhan evacuee @SheIsImaniB might be able to put things into perspective for you. Also wash your hands ok  …
But we've seen in places like Wuhan, and Iran and Northern Italty to a certain extent, is that if the disease transmits quickly enough in one place, it produces a need for intensive medical care **that outstrips the supply**. That's the full-blown crisis everyone wants to avoid.
Last week @binance 1. #Binance P2P platform launches on Web 2. Binance’s first bank channel integration: Turkey’s @Akbank 3. Zero fees on crypto purchases via Banxa 4. $LSK staking now live 5. @binancebcf donation distribution for #Wuhan Much more  …
LATEST: HHS says it is investigating whistleblower claims that employees sent to receive the first Americans repatriated from Wuhan, China, weren’t properly trained and didn’t wear any protection. 
What do you do with all your #coronavirus-stoked fears? A Wuhan evacuee offers some advice: 
Time to stop the BULLSHIT that COVID-19 has a death rate of 1%. Death rate can be 0.4% or 4%, depending on what your state/city government will do next Your city can choose to be Wuhan/Hubei (4%), or Zhejiang (0.1%, despite a huge influx of imported cases) please retweet 
After getting Klobuchar's endorsement, Biden's Wuhan virus leveled up from Covid-19 to Covid-20
It was ridiculous that the passengers from flights from Wuhan in late Jan weren’t quarantined\tested and the response has been inept ever since.
Chinese Government Scholarship Program of Wuhan University 2020. Please help the Chinese Government to RT their customers might be on your TL. 
This reddit thread summarizing a research study of 44,000 cases of #COVID19 in Wuhan is the most informative content I’ve found especially around fatalities by age bracket and   
READTimeline of FACTS linking Covid-19, HIV & #Wuhan secret Bio-Lab Author permanently banned from #Twitter 4 sharing publicly-avail. details of man who RAN the SHOW(bat soup)in #Wuhans SECRET BIO-LAB-Shifting from conspiracy theory to conspiracy  …
Of course a deadly virus that starts in Wuhan, China ends up in Stevenage lool are you mad  …
Chen Qiushi, who reported on the coronavirus in Wuhan, has not been seen since February 6. He is now on @OneFreePress's list of the 10 “most urgent” cases of threats to press freedom across the world:  . See PEN's statement here:  .
All the Dems are gonna drop out then Biden will fall out from Wuhan Virus Trump automatically King for life
Dont buy masks but wash your hands Take your temperature and check your glands Dont horde supplies, but walmart is barren If you cough in public the people are glarin As if we needed more added stress  this Wuhan mess
Ackshually...nah. How do local health authorities miss an epidemic of viral pneumonia lol. I mean, how was Wuhan Syndrome even initially detected. They didn't have a test until they identified the first cluster of patients.  …
5) The woman was among the first confirmed cases of coronavirus in Texas and the only infected evacuee in the first cohort of about 100 evacuees flown into JBSA-Lackland in early February from Wuhan, China, the mayor said.  
In confirmation, someone living within Wuhan, China - the epicentre of the coronavirus - contacted Emmanuel TV to explain that it has been raining in the city from morning until evening! Thank You, Jesus Christ!
“Since yesterday, when the Lord brought the revelation about the rain and that this rain will wipe away the epidemic coronavirus, I asked the Lord to make this happen in the place where the coronavirus started which is Wuhan, China. Right now, it is raining in Wuhan, China! 
CDC SAYS THERE ARE 91 CONFIRMED OR PRESUMPTIVE POSITIVE CASES OF COVID19 IN THE U.S. 48 OF THOSE ARE REPATRIATES FROM WUHAN & THE DIAMOND PRINCESS. 17 CASES ARE TRAVEL-RELATED INFECTIONS. 26 CASES ARE FROM HUMAN-TO-HUMAN INTERACTION.
Fans of author Dean Koontz are insisting that his '81 novel The Eyes Of Darkness predicted the COVID-19 outbreak. Koontz's thriller describes a killer virus named 'Wuhan-400' after the Chinese city it originated in, the same city where COVID-19 was first reported. It was man made
The Chinese Government will never allow the WHO to name the virus, "Wuhan Virus". End of story. If Africans allow others to name diseases after rivers in Congo (Ebola) or towns in Nigeria (Lassa in Borno State), then the fault is ours.
Chen Qiushi has been missing since February 6. He disappeared after shooting a series of reports from Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak #OneFreePress
... more on that fuck up in Texas! Person in San Antonio who had previously tested negative twice for the coronavirus, and was released by the CDC, is now back in quarantine The individual was evacuated from Wuhan China! ... and was just walking around in Texas! JFC!
Here’s the UPDATED 2020 official Asian food ranking 1. Pakistani 2. Thai 3. Persian 4. Indian 5. Japanese 6. Turkish 7. Afghan 8. Indonesian .. Arab food is still bland & tasteless so they’re not included. Removed: Chinese food (blame Wuhan)  …
Chinese video journalist Chen Qiushi, who covered coronavirus, has been missing in Wuhan since February 6. Media in #China must be able to cover the #coronavirus outbreak without fear of 
Why are CT scans used on #coronavirus patients? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip as he visits a pulmonary hospital in Wuhan where doctors get up close with COVID-19. #WuhanToday epi.07 
HAPPENING NOW: Joint press conference between city of San Antonio and Bexar County on mistaken release of a positive Wuhan evacuee this weekend. Mayor Ron Nirenberg: "We simply cannot have a screw up like this from our federal partners."
So glad to know that all the Nepali nationals returned from Wuhan have been tested negative for #COVID19 and will reunite with their families. Nepal is a truly blessed  …
I'm gaining a new perspective on medical racism as to why the WHO deliberately didn't name the so-called corona virus "Wuhan virus" since it originated from Wuhan. If we agreed to name Ebola virus after an innocent river in Congo and Lassa after the Borno town of Lassa,
WHO says containment works. China was able to largely contain Wuhan, even with a huge number of cases. Other countries too. Countries with less cases (imho USA), should adopt similar aggressive monitoring and containment strategies. This means aggressive testing and quarantine.  …
South Africa will evacuate 151 citizens from Wuhan, China in 10 days as #CoronaOutbreak spreads across the globe, making the country the first one to do so in sub-Saharan Africa, according to authorities on 
Thousands of people from across Africa are trapped in Wuhan, China, under #coronavirus lockdown - and their governments aren't evacuating 
"For example, #China  transmission in Wuhan, but relatively small numbers of cases in other provinces. Other countries have a similar pattern"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
As China cancellations continue to roll in, gotta hope WTA is already readying contingencies for if the entire fall WTAsia swing isn’t feasible (including coronavirus epicenter Wuhan and year-end championships host Shenzhen). 
‘Wuhan Shake’ greeting goes viral amid #coronavirus outbreak  
The #COVID19 epidemic may be subsiding in #Wuhan, but there is a cluster of cases in Beijing. #China may have new Wuhans.  …
I watched a doctor mike video on YouTube where he was saying not to call it the 'Wuhan virus' because attaching the virus' name to its place of origin was bad then, he said Ebola virus and I knew the hypocrisy was strong.
Some perspective as to WHY we shouldn’t panic! China has est 80thousand #CoronaVirus cases 1.3 billion live in & #Wuhan where most R infected 11million live & less than 1% pop has virus 99 out of 100 DONT HAVE it  to Flu-32million Flu cases this yr & 18k Flu deaths 
BSR: In the shadow of Covid-19 - petition from Wuhan “First thing when I wake up is check updates on the virus, hopeful that things are better. But most of the time, I’m disappointed because the numbers aren’t friendly at all. They keep going up,"  …
When everything else defeats your party Wuhan market is to coronavirus what a video was to Benghazi... One may ponder if Dems/China were able to win with their lies would the virus still be in its lab...asking for the world??? 
#EverydayHero Fan Xuepeng, a doctor from #Wuhan No.1 Hospital, is working in the most dangerous place. He and his team have been entrusted with missions at a critical time, fighting on the front line and saving patients. #coronavirus 
Wuhan will emerge victorious! Lights on landmark bridge spread messages of hope across the Chinese megacity  
"What Are The Odds?" - A Timeline Of Facts Linking Covid-19, HIV, & Wuhan's Secret Bio-Lab  …
ATT: PRESS RELEASE FROM THE BATSWANA IN WUHAN 
#China state TV touts progress on #coronavirus. Quotes Pres. Xi tonight saying research centers to be set up nationwide to contain #Covid_19. Earlier, broadcaster cheered that epicenter Wuhan shut pop-up hospital as infection #s fall. (Sure hope positive trend continues..)
PSA: COVID-19 should henceforth be known as "Wuhan Virus." It's not only African diseases that should be named after their place of discovery. Until "Ebola" is once again just an innocent Congolese river, this coronavirus shall be "Wuhan." *slams gavel*
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan for 25 days! PLEASE let him go home!!! @bbcchinese @cnnbrk @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
Imagine a Nigerian from WUHAN arrived Lagos,was quarantined at LASUTH but later found to be negative for COVID-19 but was given a bill of N1.2m: for being negative o Just imagine what Secondus and his abroad clowns will be saying about the saner climes and Nigeria health system 
98-year-old Chinese woman cured of coronavirus in Wuhan  
"Bottlenecks may also emerge in terms of diagnostic capacity.” Means: Labs may be overwhelmed and not able to test everyone that is suspected of having #covid19. That is what we saw in Wuhan at the peak of the epidemic. Case definitions may have to be adapted if that happens.
CHINESE COVID-19 HOSPITALS CLOSING: "It was originally one of 16 rapidly constructed hospitals in the city of Wuhan -- considered the epicenter of the virus. It closed after discharging its last group of 34 recovered patients."
CHINA'S WUHAN CLOSES CORONAVIRUS HOSPITAL DUE TO “DROP IN CASES”
Here is an easy to remember acronym. Just think WUHAN. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus emanated from Wuhan China and as well known to us all that China products don’t last long in Africa.
BREAKING: CDC released a Wuhan evacuee in San Antonio over the weekend who then turned up positive for the coronavirus after having had contact with the public. WTF  …
Iran has the Wuhan flu What is the world to do It didnt attack the peasant clan It attacked the powerful man Almost as if by design Its tracing the political line Was this happenstance? Sure looks fishy at a glance I'm sure we'll never know But its an interesting show
True Heros. Mr. Junaid and Suleman officers of FSP from Pakistan Embassy Beijing are in Wuhan to look after Pakistani students. A courageous  act. May Allah bless them. 
 good news! Wuhan Livingroom”, one of makeshift hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei Province in China discharged 132 cured virus patients yesterday. This is the highest number in a day so far. 
Look at what the Government sent Ghanaians in Wuhan. If you won't bring them back to the country at least take good care of them well.  …
China's recorded just 202 new cases since yesterday, the lowest infected total since Jan. 22, according to Reuters. Wuhan had 193 of those cases, its lowest total since Jan. 26.  …
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
Just found out the South Korea outbreak of #coronavirus was caused by a religious cult deliberately visiting Wuhan; as they believe their leader will guide them to heaven. 100s of innocent people are now dead So, humans are cancelled until further notice.
"Wuhan Livingroom", one of makeshift hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei Province, discharged 132 cured #COVID-19 patients on Sunday, its highest number in a day so far. Check out what criteria they meet for discharge 
The new genomes from Wuhan by Hubei CDC (great work!) show that the second cluster was circulating in Wuhan at substantial numbers in Jan. The first group dominated initial data possibly because of association with the seafood market.  …
COVID-19 epidemic: Gov’t to evacuate Kenyans in Wuhan 
A whole-of-government approach is needed to fight the encroaching invisible enemy originating from #Wuhan. Officials in #Taiwan are mobilized and determined to protect the country, with or without help from the 
China has dispatched over 10,000 military medics to work on the front line of the #Coronavirus epidemic, including 4,000 in Wuhan. So far, no infected case has been reported among the medics.  …
wuhan flu aint nothing to fuck with sorry
Chanyeol, Junmyeon, Jongin donated 50 million won and Yixing donated 20 million won to Hope Bridge to help those affected of Coronavirus outbreak. #exo #엑소 *Yixing also donated 100,000 CNY and face masks to Wuhan! 
80 Million rand to get 150 South Africans back to SA from China Equates to R500 000 per person Smells like Anc tender buisness Flight R15000@CORONAVIRUS ‘Unprecedented’ military evacuation of 151 South Africans from Wuhan to take place within days  …
We believe China will eventually win the fight against the #coronavirus, said Helen Hai, Head of #Binance Charity Foundation. @BinanceBCF playing crucial role in providing necessary medical aid, tools, and monetary donations to hospitals in #Wuhan 
Elderly man “escapes” ICU ward to practice Tai Chi in #Wuhan 
We are deeply touched by friends all over the world sharing the same love with people in Wuhan. Go Wuhan! Go China! 
#Wuhan will close its first temporary hospital as the #coronavirus infection rate slows 
China's armed forces have dispatched over 4,000 medical professionals to assist with the battle against coronavirus in Wuhan since Jan. 24  
This is coldly gripping Who else is reading reviews or the book itself “Eyes of Darkness” by Dean Koontz that correctly predicted this Wuhan lab generated virus, year, exact town and global proportion written since 1981? You can find it on Amazon Some scary shit
All quiet on the Wuhan front. @AFP's Noel Celis photographs deserted city streets as he passes through the epicentre of the #coronavirus in China The virus death toll in China alone has risen to 
Source of #COVID19 in British Columbia from Feb 16th - genomic analysis indicates it traveled from Wuhan/Shandong Iran BC Canada. Origin thus is NOT related to WA state cases nor Japan/Korea/HK/SG origin.  …
93-year-old woman who recovered from #COVID19 and was discharged from #Wuhan, draws a flower on the back of a nurse's protective suit to show her gratitude 
Y’all who were saying the government doesn’t have the facilities to quarantine people what is this? The students in Wuhan are approximately 10% of this number and yet they’ve been left there with empty promises.  …
We don't realise the actual strength behind @LISABar_CN being 2nd. They've been donating supplies to Wuhan hospital+raising funds for Lisa's Bday+one of their admins had to leave. When u put it into context, they hv pulled off the impossible & I'm so proud of them. #LALISA  …
" #MrBean" in Wuhan? A British man tells of his life under quarantine in the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak. @MrBean 
For 1 thing they’re not letting any of the African  home from Wuhan even businessman have been told not to return.. African countries exiled every1 They said “miss me wit that bullshit” 
Science Chemistry Harvard professor ARRESTED Charles Lieber received: $50,000 a month in salary $158,000 in annual expenses $1.5 million to start a research lab at Wuhan University of Technology -FROM CHINA! Things starting to make sense now??!  …
China, as the fifth worst polluted nation in the world and Wuhan as its fourth most polluted city, appears to be more susceptible to the new coronavirus (formally named COVID-19) because air pollution levels increase rates of respiratory infections.  …
CNN: Total US Confirmed Cases - 89 of Coronavirus o 44 from the Diamond Princess o 3 from Wuhan o 42 cases detected and tested in US · 19 travel-related · 19 person-to-person (includes 2 fatalities) · 4 undetermined (IL, WA- 2, CA-1)
PLS RT from my cousin: "My classmate's nephew, graduated with a master's degree, and works in Shenzhen Hospital. He is being transferred to study *Wuhan pneumonia virus.* He just called me and told me to tell my friends: If you have a runny nose and sputum when you have a +
Recovery rate. A woman discharged from hospital after recovering from the #coronavirus is disinfected as she arrives at a hotel for a 14-day quarantine in Wuhan. Medical staff clean up after all patients are discharged from a makeshift hospital set up in a Wuhan sports stadium 
On March 1, #Hubei Province, epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, reported: - 196 newly confirmed - 42 deaths (32 in Wuhan) - 2,570 discharged 14 cities in #Hubei Provinces saw 0 new cases of #COVID19 on 
You have no idea what the world is up against this time. I have been following the Coronavirus outbreak since the early days of Wuhan. Within a month, the cases have spread to 70 countries. It's a pandemic, irrespective of what the WHO says. Have no illusions. Tough times ahead.
Major coronavirus development from @saddamscribe: A Wuhan evacuee who was positive for the virus was released from isolation in San Antonio after two negative test results. But when a 3rd test came back positive, she was put back in quarantine. 
Skin care products provided for frontline medical workers in #Wuhan to prevent scarring from wearing protective masks 
Staff at LifeCare Health in #Kirkland only wearing gloves and masks; given the number of critical cases in that facility, and the standard of care used in Wuhan, China, they are underestimating PPE. This is not the flu.  
You ever been to a major Chinese city like Wuhan or Shanghai? Do you think they all ride bicycles and use payphones?  …
Please send Ramdev to Wuhan to confirm this.  …
*which originated in Wuhan
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital has discharged over 100 #COVID19 patients after recovery  …
DONALD TRUMP JR: The Wuhan virus is the intersection of 3 issues that President Trump has been right about all along: 1) The need for border control. 2) The need to bring back American mf. 3) The need to recognize Communist China is the number one threat to American sovereignty.
Official daily China coronavirus numbers are out 6 new cases in all of China outside Hubei 3 new cases in all of Hubei outside Wuhan 193 new cases in Wuhan (yesterday was 565) True or fake? Who knows  …
If you don't believe their numbers, believe your eyes: satellite imagery of Wuhan from 2019 and 2020 shows conclusively how much its economy has slowed down in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak.  
Chinese scientists raised alarm over X I V I R U S in December but government ordered cover-up - In December sick patients in Wuhan were tested by  terrorists in Beijing told researchers to keep quiet.  …
Residents in a #Wuhan Community Cry Out for Help. Wuhan's #coronavirus outbreak: Life inside the 
Just found my video was quoted in this article. You may have found "Youth Production" always releases videos via me. It's a group of overseas Chinese students who want to help spreading truth Chinese woman describes Wuhan virus patients being burned alive 
#CoronavirusOutbreak How do Wuhan residents take essential trips with public transport shut down? 
A hero delivery man helps medical staff and residents cope with the coronavirus in Wuhan. Watch his story here. 
WE ALL KNOW GOVT's LIE, BUT... 1,200 bodies are burned every day in mobile incinerators in Wuhan . Meanwhile, China has put in an order for enough incinerators to burn 30 MILLION people every day. China is lying to you! #coronavirus  TruthAbtChina 05
#COVID19 Updates Confirmed cases: 88,357 Deaths: 3,000 Cured: 42,828 01/03/20 22:15 GMT #Coronavirus #COVID2019 #Wuhan #China
If this thing had started in Africa, the entire continent would have been quarantined with travel restrictions. It was okay to name Ebola with the name of a river in Congo but wrong to name Corona virus ‘Wuhan’. France is surprised people are not dying anyhow in Africa. God dey.  …
People outside Hubei could take off their masks and resume their normal lives by late April or early May. The time for Wuhan should be later and that needs more time to assess, observers predicted.  
#YuzuruHanyu ‘s fans went to fight #Coronovirius . The left photo was taken in the dining hall of Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital. Fanyus are the best. I am proud of being a Fanyu. #EmptySeatFullSupport #空席の愛  …
Visualization of the major #COVID19 hotspots worldwide: #Wuhan #Hokkaido #Daegu #Tehran #Lombardia #NRW #Madrid (ht 
I am trying to figure how the strains match so well -- did a contact get missed? How did the 1st guys strain get into  Was there an indirect route of exposure? Was someone else infected in Wuhan from same exposure but not overtly symptomatic?  …
As a former member of a large hospital chains, pandemic  I can tell you that we should have been preparing as soon as China quarantined Wuhan, as other countries did. We are critically low on needed supplies, if this  epidemic in the US. Prep takes time
Cancelled bullet trains in Wuhan  
Based on genomic analysis it is likely the first case in Washington State (who came from Wuhan, was quarantined, then released) was the cause of infection of one case yesterday. This would mean we released an infectious patient DUE TO THE LACK OF TESTS
What is most interesting is that the air pollution around Wuhan was already down January 1-20, even though lockdown measures only started January 23. What was happening before that?  …
"He's not dead. His hands and feet were still moving." A #Wuhan resident says she witnessed critically ill #coronavirus patients sealed alive in body bags before being sent for cremation. 
“Just like China locked down Wuhan to control the spread of the virus I plead with the government to take a break from their regular politics and pay just a little bit more attention to the coronavirus…” - Franklin Asira 
"Coronavirus isn't that bad, the media's just hyping it up" Is it the media that put almost all of China on lockdown? Did the media make people drop dead in the streets in Wuhan? Is it the media building emergency hospitals in just 10 days?
Visit Wuhan. Trump is expected to visit the CDC this week amid growing coronavirus threat  …
There is a shortage of vegetables in #Wuhan amid the over a month-long #Lockdown. Vegetable donations made to the city have been either stolen or thrown before they can be delivered to hungry  …
This documentary goes behind the scenes in Wuhan, China and  heroes who are doing their best to keep the COVID-19 outbreak under control. Watch BIG STORY: 'Quarantine 24 hours in Wuhan' at 5 P.M. EST on CGTN  
This man's pain, whose children are stuck in Wuhan in the lock down! @VickyRubadiri @KoinangeJeff #SundayLive 
Feel free to correct this if you have a contrary authority, but it is my understanding #coronavirus remains transmittable on surfaces for a week or more. Luggage, boxes etc. So just because someone from Wuhan didn't show symptoms their possessions may be a source of transmission.
Bannon is pushing a fake counter narrative that it began in labs in Wuhan. Steve is pushing debunked claims about the coronavirus that are linked to his billionaire benefactor | Media Matters for America  …
Dramatic fall in China air pollution levels as industrial activity slows in effort to limit coronavirus — The reduction in nitrogen dioxide levels was first evident near Wuhan city, the source of the outbreak, but then spread across the country  …
Wuhan has been under lockdown for more than a month. Many sacrifices have also been made while the effectiveness of such drastic measures has been acknowledged, which in the WHO’s words are “ambitious, aggressive, and extraordinary,” for the city’s nine million residents. 
More than 800 prisoners in #Wuhan contracted #WuhanCoronavirus according to govt officials. 233 of them were diagnosed on February 29 alone. Source: Now News  
Member when DOJ indicted the Chair of the Chemical Biology Department at Harvard for not disclosing he was paid $50k A MONTH to be a "Strategic Scientist" at Wuhan University of Tech (WUT) and $1.5 million to establish a research lab there? Good times.  …
Been watching #coronavirus since it was at Wuhan fish market. Not a political virus. This is a nasty contagious one. We can mitigate its impact but we have to be smart and learn from China, Singapore, Italy, Japan, South Korea. World is not ending, but we can prevent suffering
You're a doc in rural Nebraska and an ill-appearing patient who doesn't have pneumonia yet shows up, says she was on a bus in Wuhan last week where dozens were hacking and coughing. You can't test her per CDC. You send her back to her job as a waitress. Any problem there?
Wuhan hospitalized patients have experienced : "Compared with non-severe patients with #COVID19, severe  had neurologic symptoms manifested as acute cerebrovascular diseases, consciousness impairment and skeletal muscle symptoms"  …
Ini Artikel asli yg disadur oleh  “And yet 238 Indonesians who were evacuated from Wuhan were quarantined but not tested for covid-19. The health ministry said that this was because the arrivals appeared healthy and the tests are expensive,” 
The Guardian published an article about a Wuhan citizen's experience with coronavirus which, crucially, features this account of how he literally willed himself from death through his love of anime 
“Photoshoot” of Luo Tianyi in Wuhan with Bazaar magazine. Weibo:  
In large sample of confirmed Chinese COVID-19 cases, via ⁦ @NEJM⁩, 5.0% admitted to ICU and 1.4% died. Among nonresidents of Wuhan, 72% had contact with residents of Wuhan. My lab #HNL will have something more to say about latter topic  …
This robot is serving hot meals to medical staff in Wuhan, China #robots #automation #medtwitter #hospitals 
Dear @edmnangagwa, Has any thought been devoted to the prospect of evacuating Zimbabweans from Wuhan? Why wait until there's a crisis before we act? Most countries of repute have already taken steps to protect their citizens. What are you doing to safeguard Zimbabwean lives? 
Wuhan has been somewhat of a trend setting city... First the so called "Deadly Wuhan Virus" and now cordial queues. 
For everyone saying *HIPAA* laws are why they’re not naming people >>>they’re naming two Iranian officials >>>a doctor in Wuhan >>>the Pope Tons others have died and they live in other countries NOT governed by HIPAA. No names there. >>>Always anonymous.  …
The math that made me understand the scope of this: the city of Wuhan has 11 million people. NYC has 8 million. Wuhan isn’t even in China’s top 3 most populous cities.  …
Funny thing, I was recently contacted by a Harvard Crimson journalist about posts & videos I created about Lieber who built a "shadow lab" in Wuhan China. I still can't dismiss the fact he had a lab so close to ground zero of the SARS-COV-2 outbreak.  …
Remember Wuhan #wtp2020 Wishing you good health with this message! Practice good habits. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020 
Trade deal with China for President Trump to pursue: Make Beijing pay for the damage caused by the Wuhan virus. They have trillions in cash reserves and China’s Communist Party should be held accountable for China making the world sick with new microbes
Kenyans stuck in Wuhan to get Sh10m, CS Kagwe reveals coronavirus response plan  
Video suggesting China is faking the reopening of Wuhan factories:  …
Urban Chinese man steps out onto desolate Wuhan street and inhales deeply, filling his lungs with crisp, clean air. This is the dawn of a new age.
Also point to note: India evacuated 500 students from #Wuhan, the epicentre of #coronavirus, yet none of them tested positive? Sounds funny right?
On the other hand, the doubling time of the epidemic in Wuhan was originally around a week, so it takes time for case counts to build and severe cases to be detected. 6/
It is being reported that the UK government may assume emergency powers to deal with the Wuhan coronavirus. If this happens, I am very glad that Boris Johnson and Priti Patel are in charge, rather than Jeremy Corbyn and Diane Abbott.
Good news! A makeshift hospital in Qiaokou district, Wuhan city, closed on March 1 after the last 34 patients were cured and discharged. It is the first makeshift hospital to close in the #COVID19-stricken city as the situation gradually 
Can we buy them a one way ticket to Wuhan? 
N95 masks of course, protect the wearer (See stark results from Wuhan:  …) and would've been appropriate to have a few at home to take care of milder illnesses to lessen load on hospitals but we didn't prepare and YES YES hospitals desperately need them more.
Covid-19 (Coronavirus) What is it? It is a member of the coronavirus family that has never been seen before, first appearing in Wuhan China in Dec 2019. Many of those people initially infected either worked or frequently shopped in the Huanan seafood wholesale market. 
I would rather give money to a homeless guy from Wuhan China to spit in my mouth
Arrest of Harvard professor rattles science world. Lieber received $50,000 a month in salary, up to $158,000 in annual expenses and more than $1.5 million to start a research lab at the Wuhan University of Technology.  …
What happens if you have HIV and are living in #Wuhan – the epicentre of #coronavirus? How do you get your medication when the city is on lockdown, and staff have been transferred to hospitals w/ #covid-19 patients? Important story by  …
Breaking - South Korean officials confirmed on March 1st that some members of the Shincheoji religious group, the latest #COVID19 group infection case in the country, went to #Wuhan in January, but they are not sure how many members actually went. 
$3,918 in med bills for PA dad and his 3 y/o daughter who were held 2 wks in mandatory isolation after returning from Wuhan, China. Surprise med bills from coronavirus treatment will remind Americans about our med system’s many $flaws.  … via @NYTimes
Heal Wuhan, heal the world, our project  This is our latest trailer! God please give us strength! 
The reduction in NO2 pollution was first apparent near #coronavirus epicentre Wuhan, but eventually spread across the country, according to @NASA 
Do we really believe that there are only 3 confirmed cases in the Philippines, province of China? 3. Out of 500,000 Chinese arrivals since December, with 5,000 from Wuhan, the Philippines only has 3 confirmed cases. Seriously.  …
WUHAN, March 1 (Xinhua) -- A 98-year-old woman patient of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19), so far the oldest critical patient cured in China, has been discharged from a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Sunday after recovery.
Video out of Iran reflects what we’ve seen from Wuhan  …
Jiang Xueqing, head of the surgical department of thyroid and breast at #Wuhan Central Hospital and winner of the Chinese Doctor Award, died of #COVID19 in the early morning of March 1 at the age of 
South Africans who are returning from Wuhan China will be taken to Free State to be quarantined at a resort for 2 weeks. #CoronaVirusUpdates
Good news! A 98-year-old woman infected with novel #coronavirus, the oldest critically ill patient in the country, was discharged from hospital on Sunday morning in #Wuhan, Hubei province.  
How is a foreigner coping with life in #Wuhan? CGTN's @Yunfei_Zh paid a visit to Prof. Steve McClure, a scholar at Wuhan University who has lived in the city for nine years  
Good news! More than 130 patients, ranging in age from 19 to 75, were discharged from a makeshift hospital in Dongxihu district in western #Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 1, making it the largest discharge to date. #coronavirus 
#UPDATE: The number of #COVID19 infected cases in #Wuhan's prisons rose to 806, after the city on Sunday reported 565 new confirmed cases, including 233 in prisons. 
Li Zehua was chased at high speed by an unidentifiable vehicle after visiting crematoriums and research labs in Wuhan, China - the Coronavirus outbreak center. He managed to livestream a final message before his arrest. Watch It Here:  
Matt Hancock is talking about the possibility of cutting off entire cities like the Chinese government has with Wuhan, and he's not ruled it out. To be fair Northern Rail has had plenty of practice at this already. #Marr
All 112 evacuees from Wuhan, China housed at ITBP Chhawla Quarantine Facility, New Delhi found negative in Corona Virus Test are taken care of; No fresh symptoms of Corona Virus seen till now. #CoronavirusOutbreak READ MORE:  
A makeshift hospital in Qiaokou district, Wuhan city, closed on March 1 after the last 34 patients were cured and discharged. It is the first makeshift hospital to close in the coronavirus-stricken city as the situation gradually improves. 
This nurse brings a “Chanel” to the active #coronavirus ward in #Wuhan. Love it 
A makeshift hospital called Keting Cabin discharges 132 #coronavirus patients on Sunday, the largest number of releases so far in Wuhan. 
“COVID-19 prevention and control mechanisms were initiated immediately after the outbreak was declared.” Really? Because reports about a pneumonia of unknown etiology in Wuhan were being censored as late as Jan. 2  …
The report praises the Jan. 23 lockdown of Wuhan without ever using this word: Instead, the lockdown is referred to as “strict traffic restrictions” (lol) and “the cordon sanitaire” (double lol).
R80million is the price tag for bringing the South Africans home from Wuhan. #coronavirus
How do sick residents in Wuhan get medicine amid novel coronavirus outbreak? The pharmacy where each worker dispenses 30,000 packs of medicines and deliver them for sick people each day may tell you the answer  
Chen Qiushi has been "forcibly quarantined" in Wuhan and uncontactable for 24 days! PLEASE let him go home! @BBC @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
A father and his 3-year-old daughter are among the dozens of Americans who were flown back from Wuhan and placed in mandatory isolation by the U.S. government out of fears about the coronavirus. Now they face thousands of dollars in medical bills. 
Please do not leave William Barr behind, he needs to tag along with Ghouliani to do some virus investigation in Wuhan
Came straight from wuhan 
Yonhap: South Korean government says some members of the Shincheonji sect visited Wuhan in January
BREAKING: President Trump appoints new ambassador to Wuhan, China: 
Actually, we need to hear from our intelligence agencies what the hell happened in Wuhan.
Time to send Rudy Drooliani to space to dig dirt on @JoeBiden Even better send him to Wuhan province.
“1900 Shincheonji Church members have been tested for coronavirus.1300 had symptoms & 600 did not. Among those 1300 with symptoms, 87.5% were confirmed with the virus. BUT out of the 600 WITHOUT symptoms, 70% were confirmed with coronavirus.” COVID19 Wuhan  …
An extraordinary, in-depth report by @SCMPNews's @simonelmc, @Lindadalew, @zhengwei75, @EchoooXie, and @dustguest on the early days of the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China.  …
Translation: #coronavirus has likely been spreading in WA for the past 6 weeks! Genetic analysis of the virus reveals that one of this weekend's new cases is the latest in a that began Jan 19th: a traveler who returned from Wuhan and got sick in Snohomish County  …
Hey,  Are you somehow unwilling to fire the most sexist misogynists in your organization? There's a solution: You _do_ have to assign _someone_ to report from Wuhan province about the coronavirus. Just sayin'.  …
just another night in #Wuhan，when u watch tv till late，suddenly the window lighted up in the opposite building. from there，dead body wrapped by yellow plastic is carried away by full geered medics... #Covid_19 
Extraordinary praise for #Wuhan mayor Zhou Xianwang from the Central gov guidance team: "He led from the front, personally worked around the clock' to build quarantine centres. This is the same bloke blamed for not releasing info in early weeks 
To be clear, we cannot contain it. Many of us will get it. Hopefully over a controlled timeframe, with regional progression, when our healthcare system can absorb it. If we don’t close schools and public events for a while, I will show you the movie. It is called Wuhan, China.
Please RT. Four of five postdocs that I had in my group at MPIPZ got a Professor position. I was lucky to have them! Now I am looking for multiple postdocs (after this coronavirus pandemic is over) at Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan China. Send me e-mail if interested.
#Coronavirus supply donations found being sold for profit in a store in Wuhan. All medical donations for #WuhanVirus in China, must go through government-mandated 
Doctor Jiang Xueqing, also a winner of China's top medical worker award, passed away on Sunday in #Wuhan after infected with #COVID19 when fighting the epidemic on the frontline. Jiang was 55. 
Hundreds of demonstrators marched through S.F.'s Chinatown to protest xenophobia and racism against the Chinese and Chinese  which has increased since the discovery of the first #Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China. Read more:  
EVERYBODY'S DOO-OO-IN A BRAND NEW MEET NOW... C'MON BABY ... DO THE WUHAN SHAKE NOW ... Sorry, couldn't help myself... Don't hold it against me ...  …
The CDC says that if you are in the habit of licking public doorknobs in Wuhan, China, you should suspend your behavior immediately, or soonish.
RIP. Jiang Xueqing, 55, doctor at the Wuhan Central Hospital, died of #COVID19 on 
There’s a country hick somewhere in China with no connection to media or the outside world, and he’s walking through Wuhan, and saying to himself “Hey! Where did everyone go!”
So about Wuhan #coronavirus - Look at the dates for 
Beware! The Wuhan #coronavirus is causing increased reports of racism and xenophobia against Asian people at college, work, and supermarkets.  …
I met someone whose parents live in Wuhan last night. His parents have been restricted to their neighborhood for 35 days. They can’t go to a grocery store. They are running out of food. People in their neighborhood cannot go to the hospital. The hospitals are
It feels like the movie Groundhog Day-the people in our local health departments and school districts are destined to repeat the same fucking movie that Wuhan, South Korea and Italy did. Infected patients infect healthcare workers. Pretend everything is fine not to offend. WTF
When are you heading to Wuhan?
Anyone with any risk factor or elderly in contact with them is fucking crazy to send kids to school in Kirkland. Local health departments’ trying to not cause panic, but panic will be way worse when the wave hits w no trust. How do I know? WUHAN. Officials did same damn thing.  …
 Ryuichi Sakamoto 坂本 龍一 did a live 30mins live performance through UCCA sonic cure project last night During the perf he used traditional Chinese instrument 汉镲(han cha) Chinese Cymbal made in Wuhan, the city is famous for the craftsmanship in the music world 
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital sees more recovered patients #COVID19  …
WUHAN! Everybody, take care #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanOutbreak #coronavirusec #Coronavid19 #CoronaVirusUpdate #ChinaVirus #ChinaCoronaVirus 
The ONE THING China merited praise for in the early stages of the #COVID19 Wuhan epidemic was swift ID of the virus and sharing its genetic sequence rapidly with the world. Now it seems the sharing lab is in deep trouble w/authorities.  …
I brought attention to this heart-wrenching #COVID19 letter from #Wuhan -- a plea from nurses. But then the authors retracted it, seemingly admitting to making some of it up. Except now it seems they did so, under pressure from Chinese authorities. Complicated situation.  …
Correct headline for Seattle Times is “Uncontrolled COVID19 spread in Seattle Metro area”. 27 residents and 25 employees with symptoms. This is the exact pattern in Wuhan, South Korea, Italy.  …
The lights have been going out steadily in Wuhan  …
LA/Orange County have the largest Iranian and Korean populations in the US and 2nd largest Chinese. OC also had first reported case of corona, a traveler from Wuhan who went to several malls before being admitted to a nearby hospital... But (very) oddly quiet so far...
Despite the most extreme measures they could take in Wuhan, they have clearly failed to contain the virus. It’s very difficult to project this out even a week and not see a much worse situation than we have now. Markets going lower. Virus stocks will have a bid.  …
To whoever runs this account: this is serious misinformation. We know that this disease originated at a seafood/live animal market in Wuhan, China. Saying shit like this is disgusting.
This strain was only known by and studied at the Wuhan Virology Institute, and although they claim it was discovered in 2013, it wasn’t published or shared with the  until immediately after the Indian paper, on January 27, 2020.  …
‘No one cares’: Wuhan residents adapt to find food during coronavirus lockdown  … #wuhan #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid19
From WHO “The fatality rate in Wuhan, China, considered the epicenter of the outbreak, is between 2% and 4%. Outside of Wuhan, it is thought to be 0.7%. For mild cases, recovery can take two weeks, while severe cases may need up to six weeks to  …
We've  transmission in Mountain View. The best case is that it's already everywhere in N. California and we just haven't been testing. The risk is that we peek cases in the US above the ventilator counts and it's still Wuhan severity
The herd is spooked
I used to support your HK young people to chase freedom, but now it seems that, what you want is not freedom, is not justice, but just paralyzing yourself to maintain your hilarious self-esteem through anti-China.
Look below at the 2019 and  after the end of the new year celebrations in 2019 the pollution levels rose, this year due to quarantine, no economic activity the pollution levels have not rebounded after the Chinese New Year. #Wuhan is clean like a whistle. 
Got an email about the Wuhan coronavirus? It could be  virus - CNA 
#NASA #ESA pollution monitoring satellites have detected significantly less level of nitrogen dioxide over #Wuhan, a noxious gas emitted by motor vehicles, power plants, and industrial facilities evidencing the serious economic slowdown following the outbreak of #coronavirus. 
Made In Wuhan: Haryana MLA Given Computer Tabs To Read Budget - NDTV News 
You may find this book useful. The Wuhan Coronavirus Survival Manual: How to Prepare for Pandemics and Quarantines (nCoV-2019, Covid-19 Edition 
I know this is a joke but please be careful. Weeks ago, there were questions about this in China (Wuhan mainly) and residents started dropping their dogs and cats from their high rises out of fear.
Coronavirus' cure can be found from the source Wuhan, China
China has made progress in curing patients of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) @China Xinhua News @Zhejiang, China @In Zhejiang @CGTN #staystrong #weareallchina #jiayou #wuhan #coronavirus #togetherwecan #strong #outbreak #epidemic #volunteer  …
The lockdown: One month in Wuhan  via @YouTube
Washington governor declares state of emergency over virus -  … CLICK to read Virus BREAKING Live News 24/7 PLEASE RT and FOLLOW #virus #outbreak #pandemic #sars #ebola #COVID-19 #COVID2019 #COVID19 #Wuhan
Morons on both sides of US politics. Impeachment squabbles as flights from Wuhan were touching down, at 5000 cases, when danger was clear. What are you paying those clowns for?
Please take 100,000 Trump supporters and send them to Wuhan
