17 new cases of pneumonia reported by #Wuhan. 22 males, 5 were females; 9 <60y 8 >60y youngest was 30y oldest 79y January 13 -onset dates are creeping up, suggesting ongoing transmission, h2h or via markets. Not good.  …
Los Angeles International Airport is now screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious, deadly new virus. #lax #coronavirus 
Wuhan Pneumonia: Chinese authorities decline  while three more cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai. Totally irresponsible before the CNY travelling rush - what could be a better way to spread the virus as effectively?  … via @scmpnews
Department of Medical Sciences, National Institute of Health Thailand has submitted 2 genomes to GISAID. They are both identical to the the Wuhan ones. Suggests tightly linked with cluster. @MRC_Outbreak @SRileyIDD
We now have a genuine transition unfolding from "outbreak" to "epidemic" with #WuhanPneumonia #NovelCoronavirus -- and clearly the virus has long-since ceased being centered in the Wuhan fish market (which has been closed since Jan 3). This really feels like #SARS  …
Over 1000 people 'likely' infected by Wuhan virus in China, say researchers  
Concerning nCoV developments in last day, inc. 2nd death in China, 4 new cases in Wuhan, possible close contact cases reported by Wuhan Health Comm., 2nd case in Thailand, modelling by Imperial suggesting 1700 cases, and US now among countries screening travelers. #2019ncov 1/x
#UPDATE The true scale of the outbreak of a mysterious SARS-like virus in China is likely to be far bigger than officially reported, scientists have warned, as countries ramp up measures to prevent the disease from spreading  #Wuhan 
What a coincidence. After US announces steps, the Feds confirmed Fri that airports in Toronto, Montreal & Vancouver are rolling out new messages on arrival screens asking travellers from Wuhan to contact officials if they hv symptoms. ...that shud work
It may look like business as usual in Wuhan amid a virus outbreak - but people I spoke to said hospitals are full and there is a lot of fear among people with sick relatives  …
China reports new Wuhan virus cases ahead of key holiday  
Again Australia falls down in keeping Aussies safe!! New SARS Virus from Wuhan Province in China infects +1700 - NO special screening of arriving passengers at airports here. @ScottMorrisonMP’s gov again sitting on their hands.
The number of people infected by a mystery SARS-like virus that has killed two people in China is likely hundreds more than officially reported. The scientists estimate a 'total of 1,723 cases' in Wuhan would have been infected as of January 12  
#ChinesePneumonia — @BBCNews: UK Experts estimate 1,700 people are infected, far GREATER than official figures #China releases. At least 2 are known to have #died from the VIRUS, which appeared in #Wuhan city. #NewSARS #中国肺炎  …
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
UK scientists estimate 1,700 have been infected by Wuhan virus, not just the officially reported 41 -- BBC:  …
In Victoria, we’re asking medical practitioners to call ⁦DHHS if they see a patient who’s recently travelled to #Wuhan has fever and respiratory symptoms.  …
Three of the busiest U.S. airports will start screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for signs of a deadly new virus that has sickened dozens 
ALERT: @CDCgov to screen passengers arriving from Wuhan #China to JFK, SFO + LAX for symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed 2 and infected 45 people. The “2019 Novel Coronavirus” is in the same family as SARS that infected 8,000 & killed  …
More than 100 @CDCgov staffers are being deployed to 3 US airports to screen passengers from Wuhan #China for "2019 Novel #Coronavirus" (SARS family). Only once since 1996 has CDC performed routine passenger health screening: during the 2014 #Ebola outbreak.  …
The number of people already infected by the new #pneumonia emerging in China is greater than official figures suggest, say UK experts. There have been > 60 confirmed cases of the new #coronavirus, but the experts estimate a figure nearer 1,700.  … #Wuhan 
China - Wuhan gov report Jan 18, 2020: 17 new 2019-nCov cases. 62 total.19 cases have been cured and discharged, 8 cases are severe, and 2 cases have died.  … h/t Pathfinder
#Breaking: Chinese authorities announced 17 new pneumonia cases from Wuhan, making the total number of infected people 62 in the central Chinese province. 
wuhan report 19th jan #coronavirus 17 new cases. onset before 13th jan. 9 of them below 60yo, 8 of them 
SCMP: #China pneumonia figures ‘under-reported’, as four new cases confirmed in Wuhan. Imperial College researchers in London estimate 1,723 people may have symptoms  … via @scmpnews
Three major airports in Canada and another three in the U.S. are taking precautionary measures involving travellers from Wuhan in central China, where a viral pneumonia outbreak has killed two people and sickened dozens more. 
HK govt publishes #of people quarantined, their status, virus identified every day on its website. So far 90 suspected cases, zero confirmed to be Wuhan strain, very few even in coronavirus family. So maybe stick to talking abt what you actually know   …
One report suggests the number of cases of #WuhanPneumonia could be as high as 1700 - with three confirmed cases overseas it’s tough to believe there’s no other cases outside Wuhan. Over 400 mln people will travel throughout China over the holiday, roughly 7mln abroad
Taiwan remembers what happened here in 2003 with SARS. Hundreds were infected, dozens died. People here are paying attention to Wuhan. 
Two people in Wuhan, China have died after an outbreak of pneumonia linked to a new strain of coronavirus which is believed to have started in a seafood market 
China coronavirus: four new cases confirmed in Wuhan, but study says 1,723 people may have symptoms  …
AHEAD ON @GMA: Three airports in the U.S. will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of an outbreak of a new coronavirus that's in the same family as SARS, MERS and  cold, health officials said Friday. @sramosABC has more.  
This mysterious illness originated from Wuhan, the largest city in China- from a SeaFood Market. It is said to be contagious possibly  in contact with infected seafood or with a person infected with the illness. This is potentially very dangerous. And we have to act.
China reports new cases in Wuhan virus outbreak  
Estimation by a team in Imperial College London estimated over 1700 cases #WuhanPneumonia , although this figure (ALERT!) is based on probability of outbound travel in Wuhan.  
Over a thousand 'likely' infected by mysterious Wuhan virus in China: research  
#SanFrancisco, #NewYork and #LosAngeles’ main international airports will start screening passengers arriving from #Wuhan, #China, for signs of a deadly #virus  
More than 100 staffers from the US CDC are being deployed to three US airports to check passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for fever and other symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed two and infected dozens in China, the CDC announced 
More than 100 staffers from the CDC are being deployed to three US airports to check passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for fever and other symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed two and infected dozens in China, the CDC announced 
U.S. health officials will immediately begin screening airline passengers from central China for a new virus that has sickened dozens and killed 2. People traveling from Wuhan, China, will have their temperatures checked and be asked about symptoms. 
In response to an outbreak in China caused by a novel (new) coronavirus, CDC will begin health screenings of travelers arriving from #Wuhan, China at 3 US airports.  #novelcoronavirus 
The CDC will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious new deadly virus. The screenings will be at airports in Los Angeles and San Francisco, and New York's JFK.  
The U.S. will begin — at JFK, LAX and SFO — screening passengers who are traveling from Wuhan, China, for a virus that has caused a pneumonia outbreak in that city. The CDC says at this moment the risk of infection to the general American public is low. 
Genomic machine learning by @CVRinfo and @IBAHCM supports the suspected bat origin of the novel Wuhan coronavirus, but cannot rule out intermediate hosts. See  … for algorithm details. Thanks to Fudan University, CDC China and @virological_org for the 
It’s quite remarkable that apart from Wuhan, there are no reported cases of #WuhanPneumonia elsewhere in China but reported cases outside of China, like Thailand and Japan.
The Wuhan  did not say whether the latest victim had any contact with a seafood market that is at the epicenter of the outbreak. It previously noted that the first man who died was a regular customer at the market, which also sold live birds and other animals.
A new virus that sickened 40+ people in China, and killed 1, has now spread to Japan, after officials confirmed 1 case. Both this case and another in Thailand are linked to Wuhan, where the outbreak started. Officials have not yet confirmed human-to-human transmission. 
The Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare @MHLWitter, today informed WHO of a confirmed case of a novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in a person who travelled to #Wuhan, #China  
Millions of people in #China already on the move across the country and overseas for lunar new year. Now a second death from this new coronavirus which has also spread to #Japan as well as #Thailand. Those overseas had visited Wuhan. Still not that many cases reported.
The number of confirmed SARS-like virus infection cases is growing outside of China, but the official number of patients in Wuhan has remained 41 for a week. A  “from official news, it looks like the virus only targets ppl who go abroad.”  …
One more person died from #WuhanPneumonia in #China The total number of death reported by Wuhan gov increases to 2 According to previous interview by Stand News, thegov is still covering up the severity of the pneumonia outbreak (A new strain of coronavirus) 
4. The details of the case in Japan are even more alarming. The man said he did not visit any market in Wuhan and Japanese health authorities say it is possible that he had contact with a person with a lung infection.
2. First of all, these patients in Thailand and Japan say they have had no exposure to the Huanan seafood market that China says is at the epicenter of all the cases. This suggests that the virus is spreading in Wuhan.
Japan's government says a man treated for pneumonia after returning from China has tested positive for the new coronavirus identified as a possible cause of an outbreak in the Chinese city of Wuhan, @mariyamaguchi 
#Japan just reported its first confirmed case of #WuhanPneumonia after #Thailand, making it the second confirmed case outside China. To date, no. of suspected/confirmed case in other major cities of #China: Beijing: 0/0 Shanghai: 0/0 Guangzhou: 0/0 Wuhan: ?/41 Hong Kong: 76/0  …
BREAKING: A patient with new #coronavirus confirmed in Japan. The man has traveled to #Wuhan, #China. #WuhanPneumonia
The Wuhan-associated novel coronavirus genome has been released on Genbank with annotations. Originally submitted 5th January and has been updated yesterday.  …
**Get the Wuhan coronavirus E gene control FREE OF CHARGE @EVAg_EU** From the initial @WHO  protocol for detection of Wuhan coronavirus outside China. Developed by Christian Drosten, @MarionKoopmans and others  #WuhanPneumonia 
#BREAKING: Hong Kong health authorities say it's 'possible' that the new virus from Wuhan is being transmitted between humans, citing the case of a woman who was infected after her husband fell ill -- although she herself never visited the wet market thought to be the source.
Initial protocol for detection of Wuhan coronavirus outside China. Further validation ongoing, stay tuned for updates  …
I’ve been designing The Company in earnest for the last year. It’s my love letter to Michael Critchton, Resident Evil, and John Carpenter. My screed against corporate culture and capitalistic apathy. Wuhan-Baxter  you aboard. Feb 3rd, 2020 on Kickstarter. 
The patient, a tourist from Wuhan, China, was hospitalized in Thailand on Jan. 8, according to the World Health Organization, and is recovering there. 
The patient reported a history of visiting a local fresh market in Wuhan on a regular basis prior to the onset of illness; however, she did not report visiting the Huanan South China Seafood Market from where most of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) cases were 
On 13 January 2020, the #Thailand’s Ministry of Public Health @pr_moph reported the first imported case of lab-confirmed novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from #Wuhan, #China  
Top 20 passenger destination cities and direct + total flight volume from Wuhan, China, where novel coronavirus was confirmed. Many thanks to Journal of Travel Medicine for rapid turnaround. Corr. author: 
Wuhan Pneumonia 2019-nCov is really demonstrating legal training for precise language: possibility of limited human to human (H2H) transmission ≠ limited H2H transmission no obvious H2H transmission ≠ no H2H transmission H2H transmission ≠ sustained H2H transmission
Wuhan pneumonia outbreak: First case reported outside China 
#ALERT: The World Health Organisation says the new Wuhan virus is jumping from person to person, and it has warned hospitals worldwide to be on the alert for "super-spreading"  …
WHO: Wuhan Pneumonia (2019-nCoV) can be transmitted between humans; preparations for wide spread infections should be made source: now 
Since mid-December, a mystery illness has gripped the central Chinese city of Wuhan. One person has died and dozens of others have been hospitalized. Chinese researchers now say they have found the culprit - a virus never seen before in humans. 
#HongKong reporters covering Wuhan pneumonia outbreak were briefly detained and questioned by Chinese authorities on Tuesday. NowTV’s reporter was asked to delete footage from hospital. China reported first death linked to the virus 3 days ago. Photo: IVDC, China CDC 
Hong Kong reporters from NowTV, CR, RTHK, and TVB were briefly held for questioning by authorities in Wuhan for 1 hour 30 min while HK health officials were visiting Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital.  …
Assistant Secretary of #HongKong Food and Health Dept Chui Tak Yi arrived #Wuhan yesterday to have meeting with NHC for getting more info of #WuhanPneumonia, but the authorities failed to disclose their schedule, and actual details of the diseases. 
It's taken Chinese researchers just a few weeks to isolate and sequence the genome of a new coronavirus making dozens of people sick in Wuhan. Over the weekend, they made that DNA data public.  …
Han Theater which houses shows has forever changed the landscape of urban #Wuhan. Inspired by the original “red lanterns”, it presents the atmosphere of the Spring Festival. #VisitWuhan 
The first case of the #WuhanPneumonia in Thailand The 61yo Chinese woman came to Thailand from #Wuhanon 8th Jan. She is cured and she will go back to #China today This is the first Wuhan pneumonia case outside China (except 
VIDEO: Images of Wuhan Medical Treatment Center as well as the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan which has been identified as the centre of a respiratory illness outbreak. The illness is believed to be caused by a new virus from the same family as SARS 
The @CDCgov is requesting that clinicians ask their patients with severe respiratory disease about any recent travel to Wuhan City, China. That city has seen at least 59 cases of #pneumonia caused by an unknown pathogen since December.
New #2019-nCoV situation report from Wuhan MoH.  
#NSTworld: So far 41 people with pneumonia-like symptoms have been diagnosed with the new virus in Wuhan, with authorities disclosing on Saturday the death of a 61-year-old man two days earlier.  …
Now submitted with more #Wuhan viral sequences  - alongside epidemiology, clinical, human/animal, pathogenesis and others - to GSAID platform @AIDigest 
A mysterious new type of pneumonia linked to a seafood market in Wuhan, China, is caused by a novel coronavirus. 
Common signs of coronavirus infection- fever, cough, shortness of breath & breathing difficulties In severe cases, infection can cause pneumonia, kidney failure & death Travellers from Wuhan, China to Nigeria are advised to report to a medical facility and NCDC if they feel ill 
The NCDC is aware of the ongoing outbreak of a novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China We have received guidance from @WHO, noting that the risk of spread to countries outside of the region is low. . @Fmohnigeria Port Health Services is on alert at points of entry @WHO 
just want to write a paper about new virus from wuhan, then some more sequences are released, happy or sad?
3. Influenza in Malaysia is under control. Always take preventive measures. 4. KKM launched Speak out: Express Your Right to encourage Malaysians to speak out on their right for healthy air ( smoke-free). 5. One person reported dead in pneumonia outbreak in Wuhan, China. 
Mystery virus found in Wuhan resembles bat viruses but not SARS, Chinese scientist says  …
 … everyone’s fav twinkly emo from Wuhan
Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Shows The Importance Of Sound Science, Sleuthing, And Cooperation #Coronavirus #Science  …
Wuhan pneumonia may be linked to virus that caused SARS  
Into the main draw! Daria Kasatkina ( @DKasatkina) eases past Gabriela Dabrowski 6-2, 6-2 to book a spot in the main draw of the @AdelaideTennis. This was her first qualifying campaign since 2016 Wuhan! [: Phil Walter/Getty] 
Long memories of SARS in HK - lift buttons in my building covered with regularly disinfected plastic since the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak. (Not sure that's actually much better than disinfecting the buttons but there you go) 
Amazed at how fast data about this new Wuhan coronavirus is being discovered and shared! Credit to all those public health officials, clinicians and scientists!  …
China will share with the World Health Organization information on the genome sequence of a new-type coronavirus detected in the viral pneumonia cases reported in central China's Wuhan city to safeguard global health security, the National Health Commission said on Saturday. 
The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission said that seven other people were in critical condition. 
Just in Time for Lunar New Year, Another SARS-like Epidemic Is Brewing in Wuhan and Hong Kong. And Beijing Is Trying to Keep It Quiet.  …
Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Shows The Importance Of Sound Science, Sleuthing, And Cooperation via  …
Chinese researchers reveal draft genome of virus implicated in Wuhan pneumonia outbreak 
With the new flu hitting Wuhan this Netflix episode of #Explained (S2E4) called THE NEXT PANDEMIC is a great documentary on SARS, sheds more scientific light on what happened then and could happen again now - I was in HK and this is still an  …
First death from Wuhan pneumonia outbreak reported  …
Wuhan pneumonia not Sars, but virus unidentified as more hospitalised  …
