You guys are amazingly awesome. And yes, there are a million songs that fit without changing the title, but we're playing by creating new ones. You so rock. #covidmusic. WuHan a Man Loves a Woman. Airway to Heaven. Fauci Loves You yeah yeah yeah.
Where exactly did the Wuhan corona virus start?  …
Hello, please find the unroll here: @gregpmiller: A thread on our month-long investigation: 1) Trump team got clear warning Jan. 3 of outbreak in Wuhan;…  … Talk to you soon.
In 2011, he began a collaboration with Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) in China that is at the center of his alleged violations. (WUT did not respond to requests  on its relationship with Lieber.)
My first panicked moment was over 3 weeks ago when I did a deep dive on @twitter and saw the stories from Wuhan #COVID19 I felt alone and alarmist when I talked to people at work, who questioned whether this was just the flu. I was only one of two people scrolling  …
Watch: Acosta Tries Mansplaining Trump's Wuhan Virus Timeline to Dr. Birx, and Trump Wasn't Having Any of It -- via @sistertoldjah -  …
China paralyzes the world with an outbreak Virus that escaped a WUHAN lab yet they chant racism if we call it so The one thing made in China that they don't want to have their name stamped on #LameStreamMedia is happy to do the dirty work and cover up for them. 
'It's not so easy to return from the  back to life after lockdown in Wuhan  …
Asian Flu (Originated in China) SARS (Originated in China) H1N1 (Originated in China) Wuhan Virus (Originated in China) Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action. We are now at four times and ignoring the dangers China poses to the world.
WHO Wuhan Health Organization 
Jan 14, 2020. That corrupt, sick F @DrTedros said Chinazi authorities found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the Wuhan Virus. 
Hi, please support my truth-telling effort! 1. As soon as the #COVID19( #CCPVirus) broke out in #Wuhan #China last Dec., I've been following this issue closely. From my experience with SARS 17 years ago, I somehow knew it would be huge and would 
"Don't take the virus lightly". The residents of Wuhan have a message for the world about the coronavirus pandemic. 
Many reports now saying Corona was released from a Wuhan laboratory, not from "bats" or "wet markets." Was it done on purpose or accidentally?  …
4) Credits section says: "Z.-L.S. provided SHC014 spike sequences and plasmids.” And where is this “Z.-L.S.” now?  … Shi Zhengli . . . at the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
3) The US imposed a prohibition upon "gain of function" research. The person who is identified as tech lead for protein spikes (the key function that allows exploitation of the ACE-2 receptor for example), has since associated with the level 4 bio lab in WUHAN.
Could this be what some or more of the #COVID19 patients experienced? I ask because Wuhan, China where the outbreak occurred, was also the first city to have blanket 5G rollout  …
Then you have dementia ridden liars like Joe Biden who called President Trump xenophobic for banning travel fromChina after theirCommunist Government covered up the ravages of the Wuhan Flu. @realDonaldTrump it appears thatJoe Biden might be getting lines fed to him via 
"It’s been a long time. Before we couldn’t dare  out." The atmosphere in the epicenter of the Covid-19 outbreak, Wuhan, is tense ahead of China lifting its lockdown on the city April 8 
House Dems Introduce Bill to Give Wuhan Virus Relief Money to Illegal Aliens  …
CROWS FOLLOW DEATH. Crows crowded on the Wusi Road, Chengxi District, Wuhan City, Qinghai Province. Crows love dead animals, like carrion. It looks like the movie Resident Evil. #coronavirus  via N95mask1 03 #SaturdayMorning
A lot of us are struggling w/ news saturation. In Feb, when I was keeping up with family in Wuhan, I read a beautiful speech written for HS students that was later censored. When I felt stressed, I translated it a little at a time. Full:  … Some highlights:
The media hate Trump more than the lab that created and released Wuhan coronavirus and the Chinese government that covered it up. The "reporters" were taught to hate America in school and by the media.  …
It's looking more and more likely that the real number of cases in China could have been over 3 million, and the deaths in Wuhan could have been as high as 150,000! Has the UN and World Health Organisation been helping spread China's lies?  …
“Using photos posted online, social media sleuths have estimated that Wuhan funeral homes have returned 3,500 urns a day since March 23. That would imply a death toll in Wuhan of about 42,000 — or 16 times the official number”  …
Im gonna say this again: If things are over in Wuhan, why are the schools still closed, why R movies/cafes closing back up, & why are people panic buying groceries in CHINA? Because the CCP lied to everyone, & continues to. Orders for body bags soar 
My friends are far more concerned about a government induced depression than the virus @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @MassGovernor @MassLtGov @TheKuhnerReport Open the country already, mitigate with good health practices and take measures to protect those most at risk. #Wuhan  …
Dr. Drew Says the Media Needs to Put a Sock In It Over the Wuhan Coronavirus: ‘I Would Like Them To Shut Up’ via ⁦ @alexparker1984⁩ Do you think the media needs to shut up? If so, you’re on the same page with Dr. Drew. ⁦  …
More details have emerged about the woman who ate bat soup in Wuhan which eventually led to pandemic. She was a victim of domestic violence. It's poetic justice. Be nice to your wives.
#China: Social media users adopt v creative ways to beat censors who try to delete interview with whistleblower Dr Ai Fen - now "disappeared" - the head of emergency dept at #Wuhan Central Hospital even using telegram codes via @cnmediaproject #COVID19  
Trump started shutting down travel from China 10 days after the WHO announced that coronavirus was transmitted person-to-person, which it did on 1/22 after visiting Wuhan. On February 9, @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer were out celebrating Chinese New York to stick it to Trump.
'It's not so easy to return from the  back to life after lockdown in Wuhan  …
CGTN's 360VR degree in #Wuhan: - Inside the ICU ward treating serious COVID-19 patients:  - Wuhan's cherry blossoms:  - A glimpse of Wuhan through the Yangtze River Bridge and tunnel  
They'll blame China. The Wuhan Virus. Obama. Hillary. Democrats. Anyone BUT Very Stable Genius.
WUHAN CHINESE VIRUS | How it began, kept secret, spread and the Chinese propaganda machine's misinformation. | Gravitas Part 1 
Sarknation good night and I love y’all Those mmoa can take their good night from Wuhan Bye
ON MANY PLACES IN THE WORLD DOGS AND CATS ARE DUMPED IGNORANT SELFISH EVIL STUPID F..... N IDIOTS (This is #Houston #Texas) #COVIDIOTS #COVID19 #Wuhan #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDie  
well well well looks like all those crazy people who said this 2 months ago weren't so crazy after all. Did coronavirus leak from a research lab in Wuhan?  via 
Did coronavirus leak from a research lab in Wuhan?  via @MailOnline
Live shot of Biden during wuhan virus presser. 
#China's Communist Party in first trying to cover-up #COVID19 has cost tens of thousands of lives and in covering-up this crime against humanity latest victim is whistle-blower Dr Ai Fen, Head of Emergency at #Wuhan Central Hospital who has just "disappeared" #FreeDrAiFen @aiww  
China is slowly 'returning to normal', but this is  new normal and will require additional support over the long term. Wuhan is still under lockdown. Most people are still cautious about non essential travel, work and purchasing. There are now global issues too.
Has anyone called out this lie? You could always fly here from China (even Wuhan), and no one gets tested when they land. 430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced 
#COVID19: Whistle-blower Dr Ai Fen has been "disappeared” in #China - the Head of Emergency at #Wuhan Central Hospital said two weeks ago she was stopped from raising the alarm when coronavirus first appeared #FreeDrAiFen  … @WHO @DrTedros 
Based on data from COVID-19 patients from Wuhan, China, that died as a result of the infection, researchers have identified many  the patients shared. #covid19  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update VP Pence could also beat @JoeBiden in a debate blindfolded and with both hands tied behind his back.
Names that make sense: Chinese Virus (origin location) Wuhan Coronavirus (specific origin location) CCP Virus (this is the Communists' fault) Instead, WHO called it "COVID-19." Why? Because the World Health Organization is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.
Hey #MeToo Trojan: Nice headline you got up there. Too bad you're stupid to look a little but further into it. Why should the United States give China money for their #coronavirus lab in #Wuhan ? To me it looks more like a #ChineseWuhanVirus revenge courtesy of 
NEVER FORGET ALL CCP APATHS TO CHINA'S SUCCESS DISREGARD THE LIVES OF THEIR PEOPLE #Wuhan virus  
A woman in Wuhan, China headed from isolation to finish recovering from COVID-19 asked the bus driver to stop—as her sister called out for her from down the street. The two shared a brief, tearful reunion from a distance.  
Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus’ Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data 
China lying, People dying •No Wuhan residents where pandemic began 11/19 believe CCP official death numbers •Real death toll of CV n Wuhan at least 10x what CCP claim •One Wuhan funeral home 5k urns out one day v CCP 2k all CV n China •No test kits  …
@realDonaldTrump is KEEPING AMERICA SAFE And we WILL RECOVER this #Wuhan virus shutdown only strengthens our resolve Four More Years #Trump2020Landslide 
So a study in the journal Nature Medicine shows that the Wuhan death rate is lower than previously recorded. But yeah, let's believe "social media sleuths" and RFA. The western media is literally a parody of itself. 
We Cannot #Destroy The Country For The Sake Of NYC #NewYork City is being ravaged by #Wuhan #coronavirus, but the rest of country is being #destroyed by generation of economic collapse  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica 
My apologies. I assume people have ready white rabbit/Y/Aclrenochrome thread ! The rabbit and the pink tie Aclrenochrome was being manufactured in Wuhan where corona began. Also  
" It’s not a good look for media outlets to again fall in line with the  out of China, a country whose officials have also accused the US Army of engineering the virus and releasing it into Wuhan." By  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Reporter: @JoeBiden just wrote a tweet President Trump: He didn't write that, he has Democrat operatives write for him. He can't write
Chinese President Xi Allowed 5 Million Out Of Wuhan  
The first case of coronavirus appeared in Wuhan on 17 November 2019, and the number of patients continued to increase until 27 December...Yet China delayed for three more days in informing...the WHO. Also, Beijing did nothing to inform the Chinese people  …
Health screening began in mid-January, but only for travelers from Wuhan and only at the airports in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York. The measures were expanded to all passengers from China 2 weeks later.
The bulk of the passengers arrived in January, at airports in LA, San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Seattle, Newark and Detroit. Thousands of travelers flew directly from Wuhan as American public health officials were only beginning to assess the risks to the U.S. 
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Reporter: why isn't there a federal stay at home order President Trump: because there is little thing called the Constitution
harper collins "Wuhan Diary by Fang Fang On Sale: 08/18/2020"  …
FIVE page special tomorrow: CHINA IN THE DOCK Glen Owen on startling Cobra briefing about Wuhan lab @MrHarryCole on Beijing's  bill @mrevgenylebedev  regimes @TomTugendhat on what next @ianbirrell on China's toxic lackey: the 
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  …
Car horns echoed throughout Wuhan, China, as people across China held a three-minute memorial for the thousands of victims of the novel coronavirus pandemic.  
Our newest chart: small multiples of daily deaths in subnational regions (same country colours as in national charts): • California added. Following a similar path to Veneto in Italy • London’s death toll rising faster than Wuhan’s did • Bavaria Germany’s hardest-hit region 
Now subnational region daily deaths: • New Jersey heading toward NY as the US’ urban north-east emerges as the new global epicentre • In the UK, London and the Midlands now both on more daily deaths than Wuhan recorded at same stage 
Official Chinese statistics put Wuhan’s #coronavirus death toll at 2,563.  out of the city suggests it was actually more than  …
The Media Owe Republican Senator Tom Cotton an Apology He never said China intentionally released the coronavirus, and his suggestion that the disease originated in a Wuhan laboratory looks increasingly plausible.  …
And now the sociopathic Power-Whore wants to Impeach Trump for his handling of #WuhanCoronaVirus #Wuhan #ChinaVirus  
2 months before COVID-19 is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists to detect and respond to such a threat. By @Emily_Baum &  …
"The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China indeed posted a job opening on November 18, 2019, 'asking for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats.'”  …
Daily Kos Founder Appears to Jump For Glee Over Americans Infected with the Wuhan Coronavirus WTF! That's clearly despicable! What is wrong with some people?  …
PUBLIC NOTICE - BRACKETS - PRIZES! "National Pandemic Biggest America-Hater Championship - Play In Round" To add a little fun to our stay-at-home quarantines ... to fight the Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus, AND because ... (more) 
Ok... so Hillary cooked up Covid-19 in the basement of a pizza shop and then infected people in Wuhan province with it? Then somehow convinced Fat Donny to under react so when it got here the death toll would be higher? Absolutely diabolical.
Any death that can be, will be labeled the Wuhan virus. The media needs this in their fight against Trump.
The medical staff of Leishenshan hospital in Wuhan mourn at the hospital square at 10 am on April 4, 2020. 
John look into Military Games held in Wuhan with 10,000 athletes from 100+ countries...late October 2019 Great way to get something goin in numerous countries all from one location...300+ from USA 
Praying together #Coronavirus #Covid19 #NHS #UnitedStates #China #Wuhan #Italy #Spain #UK #World #WHO #EmergencyServices #DeliveryDrivers #StayHome #BeSafe #TogetherWeCan #KeepStrong #Cuarentena #Pandemic #Wearetheworld 
China's ancient tomb-sweeping festival changed this year, especially in Wuhan. Chinese authorities have told residents to watch cemetery staff perform rites via online streaming  
PROOF-FACTS-MORE TO COME-NO MORE BULLSHIT-DEMOCRAT JUDGE bascically dismisses THEFT OF EBOLA GENETICS IN 2005 from SAME LAB that NOVAL CORONA is sent in 2019 to WUHAN CHINA -READ FOR YOURSELVES!DEMOCRAT POLICIES ENDANGER THAT IS WHAT NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED NOT @realDonaldTrump 
#AccordingtoSnopes Professor Charles Lieber was arrested in January 2020 for misleading federal authorities about funds he allegedly received from Wuhan University Lieber has no known connections to the 2020 outbreak of coronavirus.
Dr. Drew Says the Media Needs to Put a Sock In It Over the Wuhan Coronavirus: ‘I Would Like Them To Shut Up’  …
The same liberal hacks who said it was “racist” to ban travel from China way back in February when the Wuhan Virus kicked off are now doing their mental gymnastics to blame conservative media personalities for “not taking it seriously.” Give me a break.
Maybe in return China will get the UN out of America and set them up in WuHan with a brand new building with housing.  …
WUHAN CHINESE is not a Race of people BUT IS THE EPICENTER OF A PANDEMIC FOR CARONA VIRIS. GET LIFE AND A CLUE STAN
Philly Jails' #COVID-19 infection rate is 7.1/1000. Greater than Wuhan's or New York City's. @PhillyMayor, @PhilaCourts, @GovernorTomWolf: 
Ridiculous #China. A huge team disinfecting #Wuhan airport, the city’s lockdown ends on 8April. If there have been Zero new #WuhanVirus cases & and they have won the battle. Why the big disinfecting show? And the background music!? #COVID19 
“To slowly instill in the public's mind the narrative of '0 new cases'. It doesn't matter if the public believes it or not at first; they just constantly repeat it until the lies  the truth.” A former Chinese reporter reveals why Beijing sent 300 reporters to #Wuhan. 
Wuhan gave health workers hazmat suits which protected the nurses and doctors and saved many lives. Why don’t we have them in this country?
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease! @gatewaypundit This Research Company is where the Wuhan Coronavirus originated! Have NO doubt. @SenTomCotton is right!
According to China's official statistics, less than 0.1% of the population of Wuhan got the virus. A lot of people made the twin mistakes of 1) thinking that China was telling the truth and 2) thinking of Wuhan as a worst-case scenario, and assumed no way it'd be worse here.
A story that is building steam - allegedly Pelosi’s husband made some ‘curious’ stock moves just after @SpeakerPelosi received a House Intel Brief on the impact of the #Wuhan Virus... who is looking into this? @jsolomonReports @dbongino @SaraCarterDC @GOPLeader 
Wuhan residents doubt the Communist Party's coronavirus death tolls, telling journalists anonymously that many more than reported have died. 
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04 #FBR
Tucker Carlson Rips The New York Times for Their Shameless Wuhan Virus Coverage  …
Abusing animals is  case in #China. The poor #dog is not supposed to haul an adult man and should not be beaten with a stick. This should be stopped! #BoycottChina #ChinaLiedPeopleaDied #Wuhan #COVID #ChineseBioterrorism #coronavirus #HoldChinaAccountable 
I’m still wondering if those 2 aimless Chinese tourists that wondered thru the gate & security at Mar-a-Lago, might have had a Hidden present from the Wuhan China Bio Weapons lab for President Trump...
HARVARD PROFESSOR CHARLES LIEBER RECEIVED OVER $1M FROM THE CHINESE GOV TO SET UP LAB & WORK AT WUHAN UNIV 2 of his researchers were charged with being foreign agents 1 was in the Chinese Army The other was arrested with 21 vials in his bag at the airport #coronavirus #covid19 
The virus did  from a wet market it came from the virology lab in Wuhan. The CCP stopped the spread of the virus to Beijing where the Chinese ruling class live but did not stop the spread out to the rest of the world. It is an election year in the United States.
Could over 40,000 people have died in Wuhan due to Coronavirus?  …
The US had trade sanctions on China. China created a virus to release in the US to hurt our economy. A facility accident (or sabotage) released it in Wuhan where it was being manufactured. There's a bio research facility a few blocks from where the outbreak occurred.
Not sure, but Bill Gates does own the patent on the Wuhan strain of Coronavirus.
Developed by Gates in his Wuhan lab to be released now for a distraction from Trump's rallies. Think about it. This started when impeachment failed.
Freedom for Chen Qiushi! @pressfreedom @chenqiushi404 No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now. He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 57 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. #China 
Why did the media and Democrats shame people immediately for calling it the Wuhan Virus? Because shame causes people to stop talking and asking questions. Do your research on your own #WuhanCoronaVirus
Stacks of Urns in Wuhan Raise Doubts About China’s Official Coronavirus Death Toll  
3M owns patent for preparing adrenochrome .. also made in Wuhan .. just a coincidence ? 
New York City is being ravaged by the Wuhan coronavirus, but the rest of the country is being destroyed by a generation of economic collapse.  …
Analysis of flights in past two months from China: 40,000 travelers Uneven screening Destinations—NY, NJ, CA Some flights from Wuhan With Trump you never listen to what he says—but, what he doesn’t do. #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
#Wuhan residents protested against working conditions, saying that funds meant for them are embezzled by authorities. A source on the ground reveals some workers haven’t received a dime from the government. Others were paid little subsidy, not enough for survival. 
Fun Facts! 1) 1 in 4 people who get the coronavirus may NEVER show symptoms but still maybe contagious! 2) The first confirmation of this came in February, when a woman from Wuhan China, passed COVID-19 to 5 family members but never got physically sick herself 3) CDC Knew!
Can you think of one new fact that you’ve learned about the Wuhan virus? Something new, something interesting, something relevant? No. And why do you think that is?
People are still eating bats in China. Its looking more likely that this virus came out of the bio lab in Wuhan. We know China lied about the Virus, arrested doctors and whistleblowers who tried to warn public about it, and allowed millions to leave Wuhan to spread virus
message to @AdamSchiff @chuckschumer &Democrats like Jason ALEXANDER-22 vials of Ebola dna taken from lab in Canada(2005) to USA DEMOCRAT JUDGE WHO RULES AGAINST @realDonaldTrump admin- gives HUGE BREAK TO EBOLA THIEF-INVESTIGATE THAT SCHIFF-Same lab SENT SOMETHING TO WUHAN 2019 
Our legacy. For years  when all is said and done historians will look back and ask the question what was it that made us respond to the Wuhan virus by creating the belief and fear that somehow toilet paper supplies would dwindle and then vanished. Our legacy. God help us. 
Right, and as a travel agent I have to keep posting this. The ban only applied to foreigners who didn't have a house here. US citizens/family members/US permanent residents were all allowed in after his "ban." And if  directly from Wuhan area, you were barely screened.
Donald Trump claims he shut down flights from China to stop the coronavirus. But in the past two months, 40,000 people have made the trip, arriving in L.A., San Francisco, NYC, Chicago, Seattle, Newark and Detroit. Thousands flew in directly from Wuhan.  …
So in conclusion this Coronavirus made in Wuhan China was to be distributed in India by TJ-- The TN mkting group seems to have done a good job in retail redistribution efforts ably supported by TN media and left liberals and other useful idiots:)) RT
ICYMI: Tucker Carlson is now claiming the Coronavirus "likely" originated from a Communist Chinese Government lab in Wuhan Via @MattPalumbo12 &  …
@An0n661 @MagniAnon @QAnonNotables @X22Report  … Published Nov 2015. "A SARS-like cluster of circulating bat coronaviruses shows potential for human emergence" and one of whose authors was Shi Zhengli, the top researcher at the Wuhan Institute of Virology 
Dr. Robert Garry says origin of #CCPvirus is not fish market: "Our analyses, and others too, point to an earlier origin than that. There were definitely cases there, but that wasn’t the origin of the virus." CCP state media: American expert says the virus  from Wuhan! 
The Nobody-Students at WUHAN #COVID2019 EPICENTER weren't Evacuated, SARAH SEREM PRAYED Capt KIMUYU KIBATI VOLUNTEERED 2 Evacuate Political Kids from EPICENTERS in Italy & New York, PAID the WORST SACRIFICE & DIED. #LetYourKidsSetExample then we'll follow.  – at Kisumu, The Lakeside City.
Dr Margaret Harris from WHO says China was effective against Coronavirus in Wuhan because they tested everyone and they were able to locate everyone who was in contact with people who tested positive and quarantined them. Without mass testing, it’s a waste of time!
"I feel a lot of sorrow about our colleagues and patients who died," said Xu, a nurse who worked in Wuhan, as China honored their dead even as #COVID-19 continued to spread across the globe, with more than 1.1 million novel #coronavirus cases reported  
Heard from a MD this is effective in treating the Wuhan virus: 1. Hydroxychloroquine 200mg twice a day for 5 days 2. Azithromycin 500mg once a day for 5 days 3. Zinc sulfate 220mg once a day for 5 days
Mainstream media is faking it Proof #COVID19 #Wuhan #COVID2019 #fakenews 
Harvard professor charged with lying about Chinese research #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus #CharlesLieber #WMD #CHINA #WUHAN  …
Reminder  China risked thousands of lives by playing politics during a pandemic and demanding the United Nation’s World Health Organization exclude Taiwan (which contained the virus) from emergency meetings on the Wuhan Coronavirus response.  …
Think about that. #COVID2019 #lockdown #chinesevirus #coronavirus #wetmarkets #Wuhan 
A thread on our month-long investigation: 1) Trump team got clear warning Jan. 3 of outbreak in Wuhan; within days the virus was mentioned in Trump’s president’s daily brief.  …
Our teams are working on identifying sensitive clusters. Lock down will not be successful if we fail to provide people with food at their doorstep, like China did in Wuhan. Hence we have our Corona Tiger Force to help us reach the underprivileged. 
This is the worst joke that UN could ever do! China decides the experts of Human Rights. #Iran #China #Wuhan #UN #Trump2020 #FoxNews #unntv1 #uighurian #uighur #uyghur #CoronavirusPandemic #pandemic #IndiaVsCorona #turkey  …
Wuhan Health Organization utters absolute nonsense again - clearly in the pay of and under instruction from the #CCPVirus gang in  …
We Cannot Destroy The Country For The Sake Of New York City New York City is being ravaged by the Wuhan coronavirus, but the rest of the country is being destroyed by a generation of economic collapse  …
The lockdown of the city of Wuhan on January 23, 2020 contributed significantly to reducing the total infection cases outside of Wuhan, even with other social distancing measures later imposed, from Hanming Fang, Long Wang and Yang Yang  
"During the first half of Jan, when Chinese officials were underplaying the severity of the outbreak, no travelers from China were screened for potential exposure to the virus...By [mid Jan], about 4,000 people had already entered the United States directly from Wuhan".  …
3. The fact that he has taken it upon himself to reach out to CHINA and Wuhan in particular—to which Trump has shown so much contempt—via the Asia Society is an astounding example of what @USofDisaster says is crucial: learning fr/ the survivors. They can help like no one else.
It Took China 1 Week To Build A Hospital In Wuhan To Treat Covid Patients...The UK Took 2 Weeks To Build The World's Largest ICU Hospital To Treat Covid Patients... Its Taking This Jamaican Government 4 Years To Repair The Cornwall Regional Hospital. Go Figure...
I am asking why KQ evacuated Kenyans from New York after refusing to repatriate those in Wuhan. The pilot of the New York flight has died. Why double standards?
Fly Mike Bloomberg to Wuhan and film him eating a pangolin or delete this tweet.  …
I can't believe @LISABar_CN overtook others despite raising a HUGE amount for Lali's bday and donating for Wuhan hospitals. I mean, how?  2nd was more than enough but then it's 58, they're the standard. #LALISA 
Two months before the novel coronavirus began its deadly advance in Wuhan, the Trump admin ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China & other countries to detect and respond to such a threat.  …
"I’ve worked with China and seen how they operate for years. And I can tell you, what they’re trying to do right now with this Wuhan virus is the crime of the century in my view. I think it’s the greatest cover-up in human history."  …
A woman in Wuhan, China headed from isolation to finish recovering from COVID-19 asked the bus driver to stop—as her sister called out for her from down the street. The two shared a brief, tearful reunion from a distance.  
. @BillGertz: #Wuhan Institute has denied that its researcher Huang Yanling was Patient Zero, but she's now nowhere to be found Chinese must be pressured into disclosing what they know #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus #30DaysToSaveAmerica Listen & watch 
Did all reporters fail biology? #Taxonomy: science of naming, defining & classifying groups of biological organisms on the basis of shared characteristics & geographic location. Index case of COVID-19 Novel Wuhan Coronavirus Discovered: China in 2019 #Science is not racist.
Out of the 42000+ doctors and nurses who went to Wuhan supporting the fight against the #coronavirus not one was infected. This is 
Wuhan paused in silence on Saturday to mourn the lives lost to the #coronavirus outbreak. 
On Dec. 31, several Duke officials received a notice advising that health authorities were monitoring 27 cases of a mysterious pneumonia-like illness in Wuhan The story behind the developments both here in Durham and at @DukeKunshan since then  …
I just have to wonder now: did DEMOCRATS facilitate a release of the COVID-19 virus in Wuhan, China for this purpose???
November 18, 2019, Wuhan Lab job posting for scientist to research coronavirus and bats! December 24, 2019 2nd Job posting! December 31 mystery Pneumonia reported to WHO! RT if you believe CHINA MADE COVID-19! Please follow  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  … via @gatewaypundit
If Professor really sign Alicia Sierra dierr he spoil there. That woman be stubborn. Make them call am Wuhan
“My clothes are soaked in sweat four or five times a day.” Mr. Wang, a caregiver from #Wuhan, recalls his work at a local quarantine center. It was mentally and physically exhausting to wear special gear. Some discharged patients tested positive again for the 
We should not lift travel restrictions from #Wuhan or any other location in #China. There appears to be a second wave of infections there, and Beijing is still issuing too-good-to-be-true #coronavirus statistics.  …
 the FULL Article 23 for Hong Kong . Thanks to the Wuhan Virus, HKers are locked up and will be reluctant to protest. So much for one country, two systems. HK will  another failed city in China. #FailedState #HKEXIT  …
Coronavirus has changed China's tomb-sweeping festival this year, especially in Wuhan. Usually millions of families travel to tend ancestral graves, but on Saturday, cemetery workers performed those rites  
The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs  … via 
I'll be joining @TeamCavuto on Fox News this morning at 10 a.m. CST to discuss how we MUST hold the Communist Chinese government accountable for its cover-up of the Wuhan Virus. 
If ANY student loan debt needs to be forgiven, it’s the Nurses on the front lines of the Wuhan Virus.
First, Thomas Cowan claimed that COVID-19 started from Wuhan China because that was the city 5G blanket use, started from. This is false. South Korea was the first country (WITH ITS MANY CITIES) to  use of 5G in April 2019 and they didn't have COVID-19 for it. 
ICYMI: 2 months before the coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, the Trump admin ended a $200m pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China and other countries to detect and respond to such a threat.  …
Annals of  Cuomo & De Blasio edition. @julie_kelly2 on how badly NY mishandled its response to the Wuhan virus.  …
The US is actively working to determine the origin of the Wuhan virus but China failed to provide virus samples as promised  …
12/31: CDC first learns of cases in China 01/03: CDC Director informed the virus is spreading in Wuhan 01/03: Sec of HHS, Alex Azar, notifies the WH and instructs his Chief of Staff to share the Chinese report w/ the Nat’l Sec Council.  …
George Soros - the man who buys souls - is a major investor in WUXI Pharmatech Caymen, Inc., which researches respiratory models and infectious disease, located in Wuhan, China.  …
I’ve seen  China has operated for years, and I can tell you, what they’re trying to do right now with this Wuhan virus is the crime of the century. Read more in  …
Final preparations! A team of 161 professionals disinfected an area of around 570,000 square meters in Terminal 3 of Wuhan airport Friday, as operations will soon resume on April 8 when the city lifts its travel restrictions. 
HOW NOT RUN A CRISIS France isn't the only country to be facing a shortage of masks. Even China was caught barefaced when the then-"Wuhan virus" broke out in that city. Indeed, France shipped masks+PPE to Wuhan (quietly because China wanted it that way: no geopolitics) 1/9
Shipments of urns in Wuhan raise questions about China’s coronavirus reporting 
Laura Gao says she wants to show people the Wuhan beyond the headlines. "It's disheartening to know that all they know are the bad parts ... that people always want to bash on and point fingers at." So she made  about the city where she was born. 
Robots disinfect hospitals in Wuhan with UV light. #covid19 #robotics 
Exposing non-cooperation of Muslims during Wuhan virus Pandemic is NOT Islamophobia - Here is a list of what they have done:  … via @eOrganiser
Yes, more  about saga of long close ties between Wuhan microbiology lab & Winnipeg lab. Also longstanding ties of Winnipeg lab with Washington, DC  …
September 2019, a whistleblower from the USIC tries to inform Congress, is blocked. Impeachment hearings begin November 2019 as the COVID-19 pandemic starts in Wuhan. The USIC was *still producing its intelligence, daily* to inform decisionmakers.
I’ve just had a vid of the Wuhan ‘wet markets’ sent to me, via DM. It contains such disgusting and utteriy shameful images I cannot possibly post it on here. The farking savages. Dirty, cruel, nasty b’stards. That’s not a racist view, it’s a human view.
In my office found an old unread NYT from 2 Feb. Front page Wuhan, inside several pgs of China hiding cases, problems with tests, charts of exponential growth, stand 6 ft apart, etc. I guess we could have taken it seriously back then. 
Local spies talking about the Wuhan situation on U.S. soil already subject to FISA warrants without their knowledge? FBI Intelligence Branch might be scooping up the goodies there. All of that would go back to the Dir. of Nat'l Intelligence. Which Dan Coats quit in Aug. 2019.
Australian man :Death to Communist China ! He said : we all know China released 5 million people from Wuhan to world to spread virus.19 stands for 19verisons of virus.the world is not stupid. The real man of 2020. #coronavirus #ChineseVirus #China #Wuhan #Italy 
NGA would be giving satellite imagery of activity around certain facilities - perhaps especially the Institute of Virology in Wuhan. DIA might provide measurement and signature intelligence (MASINT) to show troop movements, changes in readiness, also as far back as 2019.
The timing & trail of Wuhan Lab virus work slowly  clearer. Multi-year long working relations of Wuhan lab with Canada's National Microbiology Laboratory in Winnipeg, including exchange of employees, is also public information, but little MSM attention.  …
Singapore declares lockdown: Why Wuhan Coronavirus is so deadly and why it is not ‘just the flu’  report about the Wuhan virus, why it is so dangerous and its implications as the world stands at the cusp of a new age By  …
Happy Saturday. Fuck the lady in Wuhan who chopped up the bat. Fuck China for lying. Fuck the government for being so divided. Fuck  that think ‘stay at home’ means ‘BBQ in the park’. Fuck the media for being childish fear mongers. Fuck science (for now).
Today's day of national mourning in China is one we all share. The many deaths are a tragedy and the pain the people of Wuhan, and many other parts of that great nation are going through is heartbreaking. No one is suffering more than the Chinese people for Beijing's decisions.
Listen up: the people of Wuhan have a message for you. 
4•4•20 Andrew Cuomo, NYC needs HELP How do you CRAM 8.6 MILLION people into 1500 sq miles? That’s EXXXACTLY the issue with the Wuhan Virus epidemic in NYC. GOVERNOR CUOMO- GET YOUR VENTILATOR HOARDING ASS TO NYC AND OFF OF TV! HELP NYC CITIZENS YOU BUM! #RayJPolitics 
Two brothers across the world from each other find themselves in similar situations due to the coronavirus. One brother is stuck in Wuhan, China while the other escaped to Louisiana, only to find himself in another pandemic hot spot. @KeirSimmons has the 
According to Washington Post, the total #coronavirus death toll in Wuhan of 2563 victims is actually more than 40.000 dead
At some point, someone will admit the damn truth. That this was bioweapon that accidently got loose from that lab near Wuhan. I’d bet money that that’s what happened..  …
@SaturdayRTE Wuhan went into lock down Jan 23rd. Wuhan Fully out of lock down April 12th - That’s 11 weeks & 2 days. If we take St Patrick’s Day as Day 1 of our lockdown - using Wuhan as an  - we’d  out of this lockdown around 4th June. Just a thought
. @CDC scientists treated the virus from Wuhan as a “distant potential threat” — see below from ⁦ 
Every Election Year has a Disease. Facts SARS 2004 AVAIAN 2008 SWINE 2010 MERS 2012 EBOLA 2014 ZIKA 2016 EBOLA 2018 Chinese Wuhan virus\CORONA 2020 All Hoaxes
Vlog: Three CGTN reporters witnessed how #Wuhan residents mourned  who died of #COVID19 
35% of the total Wuhan Coronavirus cases in India now are connected to Tablighi Jamaat. 
Guess what Leo Varadkar was telling Irish electorate #GE20 23 Jan when 11 million #Wuhan went into lockdown #COVID19? @ballyhea14 @broadsheet_ie @LawAbidingHuman @villagemagIRE @legaleaglestar @daftduck45 @DarrenPlymouth Ans with Tape 18.00 Apr 4. Don’t be shy. Have a guess? RT
A new bombshell report claims the virology lab in Wuhan, China, may have been the location where the novel coronavirus originated  …
"In early days people referred to it as the Wuhan Coronavirus and most thought that it would remain localized to China. And the day it crossed over to the West and reached the US and Europe, it became a “global crisis". Why?" Read on -  …
Soros the Demon, invested heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company, with facility in Wuhan, that researches Respiratory Models. Plus infectious disease! Ok, what are the odds of that? Documents from securities & Exchange Comm. in 2011 show Soros Fund Mgmt. LLC invested WUXI
If you hadn’t been killed by their fentanyl, or their Wuhan Coronavirus, then their contaminated medical masks probably could get you in the end.  …
We all know the Corona Virus was developed in a Lab in Wuhan & used by China & I hear Soros is invested in it. More in likely to try to cripple the US economy hoping it will cause a “Trump Defeat” in November. It will backfire because more people are waking up to these crooks. 
Chinese Drug Traffickers Have a Brand-New Product: Knockoff N95 Masks for Wuhan Coronavirus - “They r supplying them thru the same exact supply chain, same exact marketing mechanism that they have with illicit drugs for a long time.”  …
I decided to ask Weibo if Anna Fifield's claim (citing Weibo) that 40,000 people had died in Wuhan was true. They are not buying it, not at all, nobody. Yet this claptrap was retweeted over 11,000 times and took as indisputable fact by gullible westerners. 
Same Government which refused to evacuate ordinary Kenyans from Wuhan but sent KQ to evacuate #UpperDeckPeopleKE from NY with tragic consequences. Society is looking for alternative leadership and we are out here providing it.  …
Africa will turn into Chinese colony after Wuhan virus pandemic is over. African economies have been hit hard by the Pandemic. #Africa #Coronavirus #WuhanVirus  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  …
Air-raid sirens ring out in #Wuhan as three-minute silence held to honour #COVID19 
Videos are allegedly from Indonesia, showing the same horror we saw in Wuhan in January. #CCPVirus_Coronavirus #CCPVirus #WuFlu #WuhanCoronaVirus #COVID2019 
5G tower cut down in Wuhan make your own mind up.. 
This article in @TheLancet, written by Chinese doctors, about the early Covid-19 cases in Wuhan is definitely worth reading. The doctors do point to the Wuhan wet market as the origin of the virus.  …
UK #coronavirus death rate ‘steeper than Italy’ with London 'ahead of Wuhan' what do you expect with a fucking Clown in charge ? #ToryGenocide #ToryShambles #ToryLiesCostLives 
Wuhan coronavirus: Australian PM Scott Morrison calls for a global crackdown on China’s Wet Markets, asks WHO, UN to take action  …
Volunteers spray Wuhan with disinfectant to help the city get back to work  
President Trump: "This was artificially-induced.", "They said close it down. You have to close it down." #Plandemic #EmptyHospitals #FilmYourHospital #Coronavirus #COVID19 #Outbreak #Pandemic #Virus #Wuhan 
Immediately after re-opening Wuhan, China realizes it's a terrible mistake. Shuts the city down again. It seems that Wuhan is now battling a second wave of Coronavirus. #Coronavirus #ChineseVirus  …
Organized undercounting: China's Pres Xi Jinping doesn't want to hear bad news, so officials in Wuhan "and elsewhere in China have been lying about infection rates, testing & death counts, fearful...if they report numbers...too high they will be punished."  
Bottom line: Do what Taiwan did & very vigilant early on (started tracing & testing & shutting borders ASAP) to contain the spread of the virus & least disruptive to mobility & growth. Alternative is hardcore suppression (Wuhan style) & very bad for mobility & growth (Italy). 
Theresa May and trade secretary Liam Fox visited Wuhan in 2018 with the largest ever UK business delegation, striking trade deals with China worth £10-billion and successfully lobbying Beijing to lower its meat safety standards to allow UK exports.  …
Exposing non-cooperation of Muslims during Wuhan virus Pandemic is NOT Islamophobia - Here is a list of what they have done  …
Wuhan, the Chinese city hardest hit by #COVID19, conducts disinfection at the local airport. Operations will resume on April 8 when the city lifts its travel restrictions. 
Shameless liar for the  regime. When she’s not spinning lies about Wuhan coronavirus, she’s denying China’s human rights abuses.  …
Damn right, the Gates Foundation funded the development of covid19 through the Wuhan lab. It already has a vaccine, you don't develop a virus without developing the vaccine alongside it Holding it back for maximum takeup when released, but it will kill or hurt more than it cures
This is not Wuhan China, this is ongoing fumigation in Nairobi, Kenya under Governor Sonko. 
Health care workers were  home as heroes when they returned from Wuhan. More than 40,000 health care workers went to the city to fight the novel #coronavirus. #Covid_19 
Good son from a heroic city! What #Wuhan has done and sacrificed will forever be remembered and motivate the whole nation towards grander victory. 1.4 billions Chines united behind you! #FightAgainstCOVID19 #人类命运共同体 #g20summit  …
Anti-Asian incidents in United States appear to be spiking as @realDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo promoted their “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” rhetoric. Comment @Diplomat_APAC, by @hrw's @SeashiaVang:  
Home Secretary Priti Patel challenged over her failure to ensure travellers from coronavirus hotspots self-isolate after arriving Britain Official guidance for travellers from Wuhan, Italy and Iran was lifted last month  …
We Cannot Destroy The Country For The Sake Of New York City *New York City (Queens) is being ravaged by the Wuhan coronavirus, but the rest of the country is being destroyed by a generation of economic collapse. *We Need To Make Hard Choices Now!  …
Taken just now from live plane tracker - flights still landing from virus-riddled New York & other cities. 1000s of planes are also taking off daily from China (including from Wuhan) to cities across the world. NONE of the passengers landing in the UK are tested or quarantined. 
No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now... He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 56 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio @RepJimBanks #FindQiushi  …
Not even in Wuhan did we see anyone wearing a Covid-19 Cap. Many things I do not understand. 
#BackToWork China's Wuhan disinfects airport as operations soon to resume. #Covid_19 
FECKING GOLD @peterjgregory3 W O W, what a stunning day @TheIPA has had YEP IPA has been trending all day, first my frenemy @GideonCRozner made a fool of himself, NOW you Peter OUT TRUMPING TRUMP, who called #COVID19 the Wuhan Virus, you CALL IT the COMMUNIST VIRUS  …
Exposing non-cooperation of Muslims during Wuhan virus Pandemic is NOT #Islamophobia - Here is a list of what they have done - #CoronavirusPandemic  …
No one can be sure HOW the #ChinaVirus started but we know that Wuhan was ground zero and we also know Wuhan contains biolabs. Why is the origin of this dreadful virus of zero interest to the lamestream media?
The UK govt has regarded China’s wet markets as an export “opportunity” since 2013, documents show. When Theresa May visited Wuhan in 2018 for trade deals, there’s no evidence she raised health issues in wet markets. Latest for @declassifieduk by  …
The virus is transported via airports, China blocked flights from Wuhan to the Provinces early on. SA could have avoided national lockdown if it lockeddown international airports when we had zero infections.  …
#Wuhan Tianhe International Airport has been thoroughly disinfected by over 160 firefighters to prepare for the resumption  flights on April 8. 
'...Wuhan funeral homes have returned 3,500 urns a day since March 23. That would imply a death toll in Wuhan of about 42,000 — or 16 times the official number.'  …
Honestly, fuck corona, fuck covid, fuck Wuhan. Burden big time
The entire Pandamic crisis has  First Vaccines to increase metal levels in body. Then bombarding the body with high energy radiation's to destroy the immune system. Then launch the virus to create the Pandamic. Check the date of 5G launch in Wuhan... Coincident? 
We are saying cut to the chase. Go to the heart of the problem. No need to waste money and time putting vaccines in planes to Africa. Just make them there in USA and take them to Newyork. Make them in China and take them straight to Wuhan. Make them in Europe and test there.
China's Wuhan marks sombre Tomb Sweeping festival amid coronavirus  
Wuhan Tianhe International Airport invites a team of 161 professionals to disinfect the Terminal 3 as operations will soon resume on April 8.  
This is a mistake. Let them test those vaccines in the USA, Italy, Spain, the UK and Wuhan. When they tested Ebola vaccines in DRC it made sense because that’s where it was prevalent. No one in New York would have accepted being tested for a ebola vaccine. We are not lab rats  …
Jennifer Zeng, has provided some  on the timeline of China's coronavirus outbreak. If you are interested in what happened during December - February in Wuhan and Hubei province, then I  watching/listening to her videos. There is so much more going on  …
Instead of Li Wenliang, the whistleblowers, it features Zhang Dingyu, president of Wuhan Jinyintan hospital and a convenient hero. It largely skipped over the struggle of identifying the disease and jumped to the part where the Party and People’s Liberation  to rescue. 
My earlier  now pulls tweets chattering about every COVID-19 paper and shows them inline. Below: the hottest paper of the day showing that 15% of the cats from Wuhan tested positive for COVID-19. 
"Taiwan, despite being just 100 miles from..China with regular flights..from Wuhan,..staved off..pandemic..The country has..seen 5 deaths and..350 confirmed cases..How did Taiwan do it?" (Capable leaders. Not sociopaths.) How Taiwan Contained COVID-19  …
Wuhan got you all in check
After These Marks, There Shouldn't be Any Debates About CNN Carrying Trump Wuhan Coronavirus Pressers! Folks WANT to WATCH @POTUS ! CNN Sucks & can’t get 1 show to crack top 20! @CNN has WORST RATINGS & are Enemy of the People! Trump does a GREAT job!  …
Is it me or is she looking worse than usual? Pelosi's Wuhan Virus Priority Is To Give Money To Her Rich Donors  …
The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs  … via 
China-friendly Dem congresswoman who wants to investigate Trump over Wuhan virus criticized for  manufacturing in China -  …
OK guys time for another poll: Do you believe that the China Virus started in the Wuhan wet market or in a Chinese Bio warfare Laboratory?
The CCP claims only 3,326 died in China from the Wuhan virus. While the Washington Post estimates approx 40,000 dead in China. However, the 21 MILLION dead mobile phone services estimate a little more. We have no idea of the real number. All we know; China is bloody lying.
In this Wuhan flu and its subsequent city lockdown, business standstill and economic chilling, all governments in the world don't give you an estimate of economic loss. 
#PandemicSexTapeTitles To Wuhan Flu, thanks for the orgasm! Julie Newmar
Helen Wu realised she wanted to divorce her husband after two months stuck at home with him and their two children in Wuhan. "All my husband did was play video games and walk out the room when we found my son had wet the bed." 
After lying that Wuhan virus couldn’t be transmitted human to human, saying masks were not necessary, allowing China to buy all masks around the world World Health Organisation reverses course, now supports wearing face masks in public  …
It’s pretty incredible. News footage from Wuhan China in January and later in Taiwan, South Korea and Japan showed EVERYONE wearing face masks. But the WHO, which is replete with Chinese influence, doesn’t  we wear masks until April 3. Trudope and the WHO lied. Mask up  …
Rep. Stephanie Murphy was among the House Dems Who Proposed Lifting Tariffs on Crappy Chinese Imports, Rewarding China For Downplaying Wuhan Virus - Murphy didn’t provide plans on how she would ensure imports would be properly tested for Wuhan virus.  …
Whether it has been a Soros-funded laboratory in Wuhan, or the idiocy of Italian government, with their hug-a-Chinese political proneness, global responsibility must be accountable. Republicans introduce bill going into proper direction.  …
SARS Cov 19 is not the only nightmare issuing forth from a lab in Wuhan China. They are also developing the aborted fetal cell lines for the live virus vaccines administered to every child in America. 
VIDEO: Security guards and passengers outside of the Wuhan Hankou Railway Station stand still and bow their heads for three minutes of silence for coronavirus victims and 'martyrs' in a nationwide mourning in China 
Could you explain how Trump is solely responsible for a virus that originated in a wet market in Wuhan, China and spread unchecked around the globe for weeks because the CCP lied about it?  …
George Soros MUST be named #PublicEnemy1 GLOBALLY! ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @mikepompeo⁩ REVEALED: #Soros Invested Heavily in #Chinese Biotech Research Co w Facility in #Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models & Infectious Disease - C-VINE  …
...on a program you say was specifically designed to PREDICT this EXACT pandemic situation by traveling the globe - you were even in Wuhan at the virus center - and collecting samples to identify new viruses that may transfer to humans. LIKE THIS ONE. One hundred and ninety...
How the world locked down due to the Wuhan coronavirus: timelapse. 
National flags are flying at half-mast while air raid sirens and horns on automobiles wail in grief in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, to pay tribute to people who died in #COVID19 
Okay...am I the only one that has this question? If the wet market is the source of the COVID 19 pandemic and the Wuhan ppl have re-opened the wet market, do they know that it is not really the source? Do they k is that it came from the labs in Wuhan? Just a thought... 
People in Wuhan stopped for a moment of silence with tears to mourn the #COVID19 victims on Saturday, China's National Mourning 
On November 17th, a 55-year-old in China is the 1st person to be diagnosed with coronavirus, according to the Chinese. The Wuhan Virology Institute posts a job opening one day later, for scientists to do research on "coronavirus & bats.”  …
Medical workers in Wuhan pay silent tribute to people died in #COVID_19 
Delhi’s main hospital for treating coronavirus victims is now trying to control what staff say to each other in the halls, privately on WhatsApp and publicly on social media. Just like censoring Wuhan’s doctors!  …
Nurses in NY are struggling to treat patients with limited PPE so they took their request to the street today while China mourns #COVID19 victims in #Qingming. It’s painful to see the parallels between Wuhan and NY, but  when I saw Dr. Li’s picture in the crowd 
More evidence COVID-19 may have originated from the Chinese Wuhan biohazard lab. Time to look at this seriously.  …
From the CDC website. The Wuhan virus is spread through droplets. Droplet precautions indicate mask wearing for uninfected people to keep from being infected. Why would the CDC have told people not to wear a mask when their website says clearly that masks are indicated? 
Officials, medical workers, police officers, and family members of #COVID19 martyrs gather at the Yiyuan Square, next to the Han River in #Wuhan, to mourn lives lost to the coronavirus during the #DayOfNationalMourning at 10:00 a.m. 
While it’s still early to say, it’s funny when you read back certain BN supporters suggestion in Penang  the “next Wuhan”. Lol go away with your DAP hatred or subtle racism towards Chinese. They have ZERO new cases.  …
#BREAKING: A secret US report says we can’t trust China’s word on what happened in Wuhan. No shit.
CONFIRMED - FORT DETRICK, THE UNITED STATES BIOLOGICAL WARFARE LAB IS WHERE CORONAVIRUS ORIGINATED FORCED TO SHUT DOWN WHEN VIRUSES LEAKED AUGUST 2019 US SOLDIERS WERE INFECTED 300 CAME TO WUHAN ON PRETENSE OF TAKING PART IN THE WORLD MILITARY COMPETITION - WON NOT ONE MEDAL 
Evidence is mounting COVID-19 originated in China's Wuhan Biohazard lab.  …
EIGHT weeks from when WH was notified of outbreak in Wuhan.  …
For the CCP, even grief is a potential threat to stability that needs to be controlled. In Wuhan, officials are pushing families to bury the dead quickly & quietly, to forget & move on. But many are fighting to preserve the memory of their loved ones. 1/  …
Leaderless world. Every country for itself. Swirling lies. Schoolyard petulance, like Mike Pompeo, the worst American secretary of state in a long time, calling this coronavirus “the Wuhan virus.” This is Trump’s world, and Xi’s. No Way Out but Through 
Pitts Scientists Developed a Wuhan Coronavirus Vaccine Mr. President, pls don't say it would be good if it works. The Corporate Media, the New Socialist Democrats, the Progressive Left will do their best to make sure it is never available! There is still a ban on hydroxy-
Which of these headlines from January 22, 2020 seems more important in retrospect: Schumer says Democrats won’t swap Hunter Biden for Bolton (CNN) Scale of China's Wuhan Shutdown Is Believed to Be Without Precedent (NYT)
first it attacked wuhan, and i said nothing, because i was not in wuhan then it attacked italy, and i said nothing, ditto whatever then it attacked nyc you get the picture what is wrong with these people a four year old can understand this  …
Scott Morrison says "the real problem" behind Wuhan Coronavirus is Chinese wet markets  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  …
#China Just now, an ambulance hauled away asymptomatic infected persons in  in Wuhan! Go China, Go Wuhan pt2 ! 
Can you still tell the weekend from the rest of the week? But it's Saturday, and in case you missed it, some readings you shouldn't miss, a thread. 1. The New York Times animated report on how #COVID19 traveled around the world from Wuhan.  …
The Trump administration ended a pandemic early-warning program in China 2 months before the coronavirus started spreading in Wuhan. The PREDICT program identified 1,200 different viruses that had the potential to erupt into pandemics, including more than 160 novel coronaviruses.
Coincidence? #Harvard #CharlesLieber #Wuhan What was in those vials?  …
People are realizing this is not about a virus. Remember the images of people in Wuhan seizing and collapsing where they stood? Well, Wuhan was the first city to fully roll out 5G throughout the whole city. 5G is military grade frequency which has NOT been tested for safety. 
BREAKING: Report Suggests 40,000 May Be Dead From Coronavirus in Wuhan  …
Two months before the novel coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, China, the Trump adm ended a $200M pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China & other countries to detect and respond to such a threat.  …
China’s traditional fishing rights claim in North Natuna Sea, at least as articulated by Lei Xiaolu (Wuhan Uni), is essentially “baseless”, argues @aristioo (via @jakpost 
I want a voter id not a Wuhan corona virus id. Sincerly , THE FREE AMERICAN
The authorities observed that social distancing norms weren't practiced by the 'devotees' inside the Dargah. It is also suspected that some of them are infected with the Wuhan Coronavirus 
China sent 40,000 health workers to Wuhan and ZERO got infected because the government had seized supply factories & provided them with full protective gear. Meanwhile in the US nurses are risking their lives with no gear. THIS IS THE POWER OF SOCIALISM.  …
Jim Acosta is literally claiming Trump knew about the Wuhan virus epidemic because Alex Azar said in April of 2019 that pandemics can be really bad. How many times has any CNN journalist asked any CCP official a single question about their culpability? 
Another relevant fact: by January 21st, when Fauci made this statement, millions of people had already left Wuhan and traveled around the globe.
Jesus. The USAID project, started in 2009, identified 1200 viruses that had pandemic potential, including more than 160 novel coronaviruses. It also supported staff in 60 foreign labs — including Wuhan lab that identified SARS-CoV-2, the new coronavirus.  …
Chinese Govt simulated a coronavirus outbreak in drill on 18 Sept 18th 2019, 30 days before both Wuhan Military Games & Global Pandemic Exercise in NY attended by Chinese reps. What is China's role, is it more likely to have concealed COVID19 deaths, or inflated them?
It’s not the Wuhan virus or the China virus, and those terms are causing distress within the  says a Chinese-Canadian psychologist  
China is the source of fatalities and losses of the world.China muse be held accountable. #China #COVID #Trump #Venezuela #빛나는_달님_은혁아_생일축하해 Cina #Italy #india #ChinakillsAmerica #Wuhan #MoneyHeist4 #Turkey #Spain #UK #CoronaJihad #islam #islamtv #uighur 
Wuhan's incinerators have been running 24 hours a day cremating the dead. Independent estimates of the virus death toll range to over 40,000--16 times the official toll. China is clearly lying about the numbers.  …
 … I'm sure that TDS Chris Wallace is praying for the Wuhan Virus to TOTALLY DESTROY the US economy! Why is this fool on Fox News? I'm SICK of this idiot! We don't watch Fox to see CNN anchors. HAUL ASS and take Juan Williams with you!!! #RayJPolitics
I am so jealous that West Java md Jakarta Provinces are able to do thousand rapid tests. That's really a good news. But what about us in Bali, we had a direct flight from Wuhan and we are living in international tourist hub, why don't we have the same massive scale rapid test :(
Called it on Jan 22. Molecular Biologist Says COVID-19 Could Have Leaked From Wuhan Biolab | Zero Hedge  …
Here is Canada's health minister in Feb taking a photo of a student from Wuhan China shipping N95 masks back to his country. So many questions..... #3Mcanada 
Would you @Madonna be surprised to learn that George Soros OWNS the lab in Wuhan China, and paid for it's construction ? You might want to rethink things. 
If Hillary Clinton was President: 50 million infected with Wuhan Virus 1 million dead Not a peep out of Liberal governors & mayors in shithole hot spots Not a peep out of MSM Not a peep out of @SpeakerPelosi The few  would be labeled racists
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  … via @gatewaypundit
Did you know: The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China posted a job opening on November 18, 2019, “asking for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats.”
New evidence suggesting COVID-19 came from a Wuhan virology lab is hard to ignore 
Used to get regular updates from an underground church in Wuhan. Haven't heard from them in a few weeks now. Godspeed my brothers and sisters.
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied #WHOLiedPeopleDied Listen to Palki Sharma excellent work on #ChinaCoronaVirus now #WashingtonPost news says that at Wuhan Lab, close to Chinese wet wild market few meters away were performing animal to man virus test and got leaked  …
Raise your hand if you think the coronavirus was engineered in a Wuhan lab from the horseshoe bat and intentionally released by that sick country China.
Just in Wuhan alone
Wuhan market was NOT the source of COVID19. It was introduced there in secondary round. Current patient zero is man in 50s from Hubei region died Nov17. One month before market folks in hospital. China already admitted this. The rest is up for speculation...  …
Americans need to wake up. Soros is a major investor in the lab in Wuhan. He’s also the master to the puppets Pelosi,Schiff, Schumer,Nadler, & the squad. Make no mistake, it was a plan. It didn’t just happen. It was a plan, took off sooner then probably scheduled. #wwmurder
I still don’t know anyone who has the Wuhan Chinese virus !!! ...STILL!!!! But I’m having to sit my ass Home while my business,Home ,and any savings I have will soon be GONE!!!! I blame the Democrats !!! All of them !! They are not Americans !!
So, since it seems like Wuhan *vastly* understated the number of deaths, how much does that throw off our predictive models?
 out of Wuhan suggests 40k deaths.
Senator Graham, Please stop spreading FAKE NEWS. Covid19 Did NOT start from a friggin BAT in some wet market. You know damn well it came from a Level 4 Biological Lab in Wuhan. Why don't you speak to Dr. Lieber from Harvard, Bill Barr just arrested him 2 months ago.
Lindsey Graham is going off on wet markets in China right now on Martha's show. I totally agree. But that's not what caused this crisis. This was engineered in a Wuhan lab from the horseshoe bat. Then intentionally released. Wet markets had nothing to do with this.
 … Wuhan virus has not stopped Trump/Mcconnell from filling court vacancies
So now the MSM is saying ''a possible accident could have happened at the Wuhan Lab'' that is located 300 feet away from where the first outbreak happened. Gee, you think, guys?
If China is going to cover up 95% of the deaths (and this is just Wuhan alone!), why would we believe anything they say about how this started and when they knew what and didn't say anything?  …
Soviet Comintern agent Mikhail Borodin making a speech in #Wuhan, China in 1927 when Wuhan became capital of China  KMT/CCP United Front Northern Expeditionary Force took the city from American and British backed Warlord Wu Peifu. Soviet backing key for KMT victory 
Because of the Coronavirus Outbreak, we are launching a military operation against drug  from the Caribbean... and if you believe that, I've got a vile of Adrenochrome from Wuhan I'm willing to sell you cheap.
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus update Reporter: should we be prepared to have mail-in voting. President Trump Mail-in voting is just to cheat. there should be an ID with your picture on it and you do it in person.
China Appointed to Elite U.N. Human Rights Council Despite Routine Human Rights Violations Including Infected Millions With Wuhan Virus & Selling Victims Faulty Medical Supplies, Putting Millions Into Concentration Camps & Harvesting Their Organs -  …
FDA Gives Emergency Approval to First Antibody Test for Wuhan Coronavirus Perfect! We need the Antibody test to truly understand penetration rate of COVID19 in the US. We might be able to start getting people back to work.  …
8. You previously said that every American who wants a test can get a test. Do you stand by that? 9. Do you regret ending the pandemic early-warning program to detect coronaviruses that was working with labs in Wuhan two months before the virus emerged in Wuhan?
A woman in Wuhan, China headed from isolation to finish recovering from COVID-19 asked the bus driver to stop—as her sister called out for her from down the street. The two shared a brief, tearful reunion from a distance.  
"The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China indeed posted a job opening on November 18, 2019, 'asking for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats.'"  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease!!  …
Nobody knows the exact Wuhan figures, China shouldn't be used for any of  (for any country). I am also not sure about these league tables of misery. It is too early to tell if the measures taken from 16 March  on 23rd are working.
China has covered up the extent of the country's coronavirus outbreak... Official Chinese statistics put Wuhan’s coronavirus death toll at 2,563.  out of the city suggests it was actually more than 40,000.  …
Protection from the Pandemic: @realDonaldTrump informs Americans of the CDC’s  to use cloth or fabric face masks for increased protection against the Wuhan Virus. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
China Lied. People died. Report Suggests 40,000 May Be Dead From Coronavirus in Wuhan  …
Breakthrough? Scientists Say They've Developed a Wuhan Coronavirus Vaccine That Can Be Rapidly Deployed The time frame in which has been  is unprecedented. Maybe our prayers have been answered!  …
China has failed to stop the coronavirus and is now beginning to reimpose strict quarantine measures. This isn't even just Wuhan.  …
Partisan Nonsense: @RepDevinNunes says the Radical Dems should have been investigating the origins of the Wuhan virus instead of pursuing their impeachment charade. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
My #WIP is my third  book, "Uncle Don's Modern Times". It's about the year 2020. It's full of #shortstories and #spoofs. Here is my first 4 pages of my #shortstory, "The BATMAN of Wuhan". #comedy #coronavirus #IARTG #humor #indieauthor #COVID19Pandemic 
Hm, didn’t Wuhan install countless towers as well...? #QAnon 
The Wuhan Metro has resumed operations as the citywide lockdown eases after two months 
Repelling the Wuhan Virus: @DrOz says any facial covering is essential because 50% of people who have the virus don’t know they have it and can spread it. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
In Wuhan, Chinese officials have assigned minders to the relatives of coronavirus victims to follow them as they pick burial plots, claim their loved ones’ ashes & bury them. “Where is the dignity after death?” asked one relative. “Where is the humanity?” 
New estimates  out that the death total in Wuhan, China is at least 10 times that of the "official" count from  regime. China is still lying. EVERY freedom loving country must join together and hold China accountable for their crimes against humanity.
Now a new chart for tonight: small multiples of daily deaths in subnational regions: (same country colours as in the national charts) • Some of those US state curves are alarmingly steep • Several English regions added. Midlands currently tracking Wuhan’s reported numbers 
Now subnational region daily deaths: • NY, MI, NJ all on steep trajectories. US cities could soon be the global epicentres • We’re using new NHS England data, which assigns deaths to date of death, not date of reporting. London seeing more daily deaths than Wuhan at same stage 
The doctors in Wuhan are heroes. The people of China are heroes.  regime itself is not. This isn't difficult.  …
Two months before the coronavirus began its deadly advance in Wuhan, China, the Trump administration ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program. And laid off their staff and scientists in Wuhan, China. You can't make this stuff up.
Media finally talks about #Wuhan #BioWeapon lab Better late than never But they will NEVER talk about #bioweapons program that #Fauci, Collins & #NIH continued —AFTER IT WAS SHUTDOWN— at UNC Chapel Hill #coronavirus + Chinese horseshoe bat = chimera MANY, MANY other issues
The Wuhan institute of virology posted a job on November 18, 2019 asking scientists  research the relationship between "SARS associated coronavirus" and bats. They posted a second similar job on December 24, 2019. They knew exactly what was going on  …
Lives lost: Coronavirus tore through an entire family in Wuhan and claimed the patriarch, a man whom family described as "ordinary," but who lived through an extraordinary chapter of China's history. 
Scientists do not rule out that an ‘accident’ at a research laboratory in Wuhan might have spread a deadly bat virus that had been collected for scientific study This was no accident & China needs to be held accountable! @SenTomCotton  …
Gun manufacturer Remington offered NY State use of their facilities to help with crucially needed medical supplies for healthcare workers on the frontlines battling the Wuhan coronavirus. The state govt has yet to accept Remington's offer. NY Demrats in control. Y’all so stupid. 
“Two months before the novel coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, China, the Trump admin ended a $200M pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China & other countries to detect & respond to such a threat”  …
Important article by @NRO's @jimgeraghty The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs  …
Soros owns the lab in Wuhan China, and paid for it's construction. 
If Wuhan is woefully underreported, likely the rest of China is also. Hardest hit: bluechecks celebratory dunking on America for most deaths.
Richard Ebright, a Rutgers microbiologist and biosafety expert, noted that bat coronaviruses were studied in Wuhan at Biosafety Level 2, “which provides only minimal  with the top BSL-4.  …
“Scientists don’t rule out that an accident at a research lab in Wuhan might have spread a deadly bat virus that had been collected for scientific study... Less than 300 yards from the seafood market is the Wuhan branch of the Chinese Center for Disease Control & Prevention”  …
The Covid-19 strain in NYC is via Italy mutation version. One predominant on West Coast was straight Wuhan version. West coast had travelers from Asia. NYC travlers from Europe Believe at some point researchers will tell us Europe strain more virulent
I don't yet know what to make of this paper that found SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in nearly 15% of cats tested in Wuhan post outbreak. There's no evidence of cat to human transmission, and no viral isolates. But it raises all sorts of important questions.  …
The death toll in Wuhan could be around 46,800 The Chinese gov has said it was 2,563 But incinerators have been working 24/7, urns have been delivered everyday in the thousands, and long lines outside funeral homes don't match up with the number reported  …
Today, the President of China, H.E XI Jinping and I agreed during our telephone conversation to strengthen Africa’s response to Covid-19. I also expressed gratitude to President XI for China’s support and care of over 500 Namibian students in Wuhan and China during this pandemic. 
Yes, in Wuhan that’s what they call “lunch”
When I was warning about the danger of the Wuhan outbreak and calling for a travel ban Dr Fauci was saying there was nothing to worry about
Using photos posted online, social media sleuths have estimated that Wuhan funeral homes had returned 3,500 urns a day since March 23. That would imply a death toll in Wuhan of about 42,000 - The Washington Post  …
Thx 4 informing me. I already contacted @WhiteHouse & told them the signatures of the "We are People" White House petition 2 hold China accountable 4 #Wuhan virus war damages have stuck @79,081 4 24 hrs. I was told they'll look into it. Keep signing it.   …
Lockdown in Pakistan includes elite housing schemes & slums alike. Corona spreads without any distinction but leaves the vulnerable more susceptible to suffering. Lockdown was successful in Wuhan because China had resources & spent on distribution of food at homes. 
Wow. Not surprised. Arrive at scene where train ran over someone. CDC official: this looks like they died from being run over by a train. Bystander: they coughed before the train hit them. CDC official: oh my Lord! The Wuhan virus killed them.
Thx 4 informing me. I already contacted @WhiteHouse & told them the signatures of the "We are People" White House petition 2 hold China accountable 4 #Wuhan virus war damages have stuck @79,081 4 24 hrs. I was told they will look into it. Keep signing it.   …
#Gravitas | The Wuhan Coronavirus has ushered in a series of behavioral changes that may outlive the pandemic. @palkisu tells you how urban life will be like once the virus is 
'Disappeared' Wuhan Chinese Doctors Geller Report News Chinese whistleblowing Wuhan doctor Ai Fen, who claimed Beijing prevented her from warning the world about COVID-19, has mysteriously disappeared according to an investigation by 60 Minutes, Australia  …
The WaPo is now reporting on the possible origins of the virus being a leak from the Wuhan Virology Lab, which was 280m from the wet market. I reported this FEBRUARY 16 and was called a conspiracy theorist despite having sourced the report from SCU.   …
No bats were traded at the Wuhan wet market, according to a Chinese govt paper. “Maybe it's worth looking at the two virus labs in town, including where a guy says he was peed on and bled on by a bat?” — @EzraLevant WATCH THE WHOLE THING:  
War reparations caught fire in:should be made 2 pay reparations 4 #Wuhan virus outbreak but given they are unlikely 2 do. Australia should 'take back the land' owned by Chinese corporations as damages reparations says Nationals MP George Christensen.  …
Youtuber seems to have definitively traced the origin of the Covid-19 virus by trawling through Chinese govt webpages (there are lazy bureaucrats everywhere). The CCP needs to tell us Huang Yanling's whereabouts and the Wuhan Virology Lab's coverups.  …
"What’s increasingly clear is that the initial “origin story” — that the virus was spread by people who ate contaminated animals at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan — is shaky."  …
Wow -- China claims only 2,563 deaths in Wuhan from coronavirus. But data including urn purchases and crematorium activity indicates real number is well above 40,000.  …
A Washington Post analysis estimates ~ 42,000 deaths in Wuhan #China. That’s 16 times the official #released by their Government re #Covid19.  …
Wuhan residents doubt the Communist Party's coronavirus death tolls, telling journalists anonymously that many more than reported have died. 
Two months before #COVID19 likely began spreading in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program meant to identify viruses that had the potential to erupt into pandemics.  
Chairs remain deeply concerned about the disappearance of Dr. #AiFen, who was censured for discussing her early warnings about #COVID19. If detained, she should be released & allowed to tell her story freely about the virus's discovery & spread in #Wuhan.  …
Since the beginning of the outbreak in Wuhan,  Chinese government has lied about the coronavirus. Their unforgivable disinformation campaign has costs thousands of American lives. Why should we believe them now?  …
Restaurants in #Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province gradually opened amid control and prevention measures, bringing popular Wuhan Cuisine back to the tables. 
#Gravitas |  and institutions are working on vaccines to fight the Wuhan virus. Are we closer to a potential drug? @palkisu brings you up to speed with the latest 
#Gravitas | Dr Ai Fen is a doctor at the Wuhan Central Hospital. She was perhaps among the first doctors to discover the Wuhan virus. After speaking out against the authorities, Dr Ai Fen has gone missing. @palkisu brings you the Ai Fen 
UPDATE: BG Spalding's follow up: Origin of the virus - "We have no way of knowing" Spread of pandemic - "They are definitely responsible since they knew about human to human transmission and let 5 million people leave Wuhan to all corners of the earth.  
The numbers out of China are crap because China's dictators hid knowledge about human-to-human spread for almost six weeks. When they locked down Wuhan and other cities starting on Jan. 23, it was already too late.  …
Volunteers have been spraying Wuhan with disinfectant to help the Chinese city where the coronavirus first took hold get back to work as the number of new cases in China drops  
China had it's first recorded coronavirus case on November 17 (could be earlier) The very next day The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China posted a job opening “for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats”  …
Consensus emerging within scientific circles and other media including Washington Post that the Wuhan virus research lab (next door to seafood market) was likely & obvious source of non-local bat coronavirus (COVID-19). Viruses escaping from labs is too frequent in China.  …
I've seen more journalists at major outlets outraged at Tom Cotton's suggestion COVID-19 originated in a Wuhan virology lab than the Chinese state government suggesting it started by the US Military.
Tomorrow, China will have national memorial ceremony for Wuhan coronavirus lost of the lives. without giving a clear list of the victims name.没有死者名子，何以哀悼。
“Two months before the novel coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists to detect and respond to such a threat.”  …
As I have been saying - A molecular biologist and coronavirus expert said in no uncertain terms that the novel coronavirus could have been unleashed due to a leak from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. 
What I have learned over the last 24 hours about 5G has got me livid. Every time humans screw with the electromagnetic spectrum we have a pandemic. 1917 radio waves, 1918 pandemic. First city in the world to go 5G, Wuhan, 
I’m not generally a conspiracy theorist but how is it that remote Wuhan is the epicentre of the virus, it misses Beijing and Shanghai, but hits every other major centre in the world and China is supplying the masks, ventilators, gloves etc whilst everyone else is on lockdown?
Today President @realDonaldTrump made the right call and froze 35k extra H-2B visas for foreign workers until we see how this Wuhan virus is impacting American workers. American policies should ALWAYS put American workers first!
The fact that the Chinese government spent six weeks insisting that COVID-19 could not be spread from person to person means that its denials about Wuhan laboratories cannot be accepted without independent verification. 
Dear @FemAdesina, The reason Chinese President Xi Jinping was not TALKING is because he was ACTING. Xi visited Wuhan and Hubei province. He visited the sick in hospital. He didn’t hide in his Presidential villa, like your boss, the quota system General @MBuhari 
Residents in Wuhan have told reporters that “nobody believes the official numbers” being touted by  Chinese government, and that the general consensus is it could be 100 times worse than the world is being told.  …
But it would be a remarkable coincidence that not one but TWO major laboratories in Wuhan were researching Ebola and SARS-associated coronaviruses in bats before the pandemic outbreak and then an entirely separate vector brought COVID-19 to the city. 
"For doctors and medical professionals, saving lives is what we trained for. But this does not mean we are ignorant of our own safety and that we disregard the risks. Protecting ourselves is the first victory." #BMJOpinion from a doctor who worked in Wuhan 
Don’t believe anything China says, including about the origins of this virus From @jimgeraghty— The Trail Leading Back to the Wuhan Labs  …
List of stock holders is appropriate now... WM sold 20% stock to China. Bill Gates and his dreams for world peace 3M on patent for Chinese Virus on Wuhan... Just keep digging
Bat urine and blood can carry viruses. How likely is it that bat urine or blood got onto a researcher at either Wuhan Center for Disease Control & Prevention or the Wuhan Institute of Virology?   
Wuhan shows this virus can be defeated and life does return to some level of normal In Canada and Europe, Fed gov’ts are working well under difficult conditions In the US, it’s PAINFUL to watch the Trump Adm CLEARLY sabotaging, creating chaos and pushing death rates higher.
Let's lighten the mood. Check out this new music video, confronting what the world is  in lieu of the Wuhan coronavirus epidemic. It features the song, Kung Flu, by Jed Ford. Watch => 
Martyr is the highest award given to a Chinese citizen doing good for the country. Dr Li, the Dr that tried to tell the world about the virus is bestowed that honor. China labels Li Wenliang 'martyr' after Wuhan police silenced him - Business Insider  …
JUST POSTED NOW: The  look at all of the available evidence that the COVID-19 outbreak is an accidental result of research on coronaviruses and bats at either the Wuhan Institute of Virology or the Wuhan Centre for Disease Control. 
The Washington Post concedes that the virus narrative doesn't add up: “What’s increasingly clear is that the initial “origin story” — that the virus was spread by people who ate contaminated animals at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan — is shaky.”  …
Do ya think that this is a result of Chief of Police announced calling Wuhan Virus Chinese Virus racist and those are prioritizing calls? Porch pirates & auto thieves violating stay-at-home order 
"More than a dozen top Republicans on the House Oversight Committee are demanding answers from the State Department on how the executive agency is handling Chinese propaganda throughout the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic." -  …
China engineered the coronavirus from the horseshoe bat in a Wuhan lab and released it on purpose. Prove me wrong with science.
This hydroxychloroquine study from Wuhan has now been covered in @nytimes and on major TV networks. It is a small study of poor quality, and it hasn't been peer reviewed (it's a #preprint). Journalists need to better scrutinize this stuff.
China will launch the first  satellites for its space-based Internet-of-Things (IoT) project in mid to late April, with one satellite named after its birthplace Wuhan, according to the China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation. (file pic) 
THE MEDIA IS THE VIRUS, PART X. WUHAN CHINA VIRUS EDITION. No institution has failed the public worse than the news media during the COVID-19 pandemic 
Jeff Sessions, in a primary runoff to be the GOP nominee for his old Senate seat, calls Covid-19 "the Wuhan virus," using the same language his frenemy in the WH used & which provoked incidents of violence against Asian Americans.  …
I skimmed the article The writer confirmed Wuhan "was one of several Chinese cities where early 5G trials took place" & the WHO haven't found any issues The same WHO that said not to wear masks & that corona couldn't be transmitted to humans months ago  …
There's huge difference in the situation which world is facing today&China faced after sudden outbreak at Wuhan, at that point China didn't have any preexisting methodology, but today research is proving that what CHINA adopted is highly accurate&tremendous to replicate globally.  …
Maybe they should shut down the Wuhan bio lab first?  …
Can you ask the Chinese Embassy a very Simple question When they lockdowned it's Wuhan Naval University ( A Unit of PLA) on 02 Jan 2020 this securing their Military unit WHY Did they not alert the world Why did they allow around 7 million to travel out & create pandemic
This is a shame for #journalism, that must report the reality about #coronavirus, not make a show. Int. Press is at a 5-star hotel with all safety measures in #Wuhan, the street is empty and this reporter is doing a stand with this protection suit that so many doctors need now. 
Sorry but all I got from your article is that someone somewhere said there’s no link. Oh and that Wuhan was in fact a very early test site for 5G.
Dan Crenshaw Blasts Valerie Jarrett After Claim Obama Would've Handled Wuhan Virus Crisis 'Much Better' -- via @sistertoldjah -  …
From Wuhan’s ‘battlefield’ diarist 方方: “What made me most furious was the delay of nearly 20 days in the outbreak’s early stages that caused such a serious and chaotic situation later on — it was a man-made catastrophe.”
Did you know there was a Canadian-based #AI startup that saw the #COVID19 virus brewing in Wuhan 9 days before the @WHO? The role of artificial intelligence in the fight against the virus, tnt. w/ Matissa Hollister & Garth Gibson, 8/11pm on @TheAgenda on @tvo. 
There are over 1 million infected with the Wuhan Virus, and more than 1,300 in Alabama already. This is SERIOUS. But amazingly, Tommy Tuberville said yesterday that "this is just a virus." What planet is he on?! Tuberville is clueless. No wonder he's scared to debate me!
On WH model re: expected death toll, @mtosterholm: "The model the administration just used is absolutely impractical. I don't know why they used it as it did. It inferred a Wuhan-like shutdown the next four months. That's all it addressed is the next four months."
A Wuhan doctor who claimed she first alerted colleagues about the virus outbreak in the region has reportedly disappeared.  just weeks after she publicly criticised the Chinese regime for its coverup and mismanagement.  …
After 2 months of fighting #COVID19 in Wuhan, medical teams from Beijing, including the members from Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital, have returned safely. Let’s see what one member shared on her last night in Wuhan. 
Imagine – Sean Ono Lennon: “official media have lost their legitimacy” after “calling it the Wuhan Virus but only days later” saying that’s racist  …
Dr. Thayer: #CCP, #XiJinping knew there was a big outbreak in #Wuhan early in December Xi & #CCP leadership knowingly concealed info from Chinese people, then worked with @WHO in Jan to suppress from the world #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
That same day January 23rd was when China began its Wuhan and Hubei lockdown. Why did it not occur to the CMO and Cabiney Ministers including Johnson that a pandemic that forced the growth-obsessed Chinese government to lock down a key economic region had to be a grave threat?
Read an interesting thread that his trip to Walter Reed in November came days after first case in Wuhan. Some believe he started an antiretroviral cocktail, and you can tell by strange skin discolorations  and go. An interesting theory and would prove that #TrumpKNEW
I feel like the Trump decision to remove a Wuhan-based team dedicated to detecting and responding to novel coronaviruses may not have been wise.
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: + China's whistleblower doctor is 'missing' + US lawmakers plan sanctions bill against China + During Coronavirus outbreak, Pakistan wants Kashmir debate + What the Wuhan virus does to you  …
Contact tracing is a core public health activity, it's bread and butter. It's an art and a science. The most instructive example is from China, where Wuhan had 9,000 people doing contact tracing. Clip below and media briefing here:  
China was conducting studies on different strains of Coronavirus at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and created #COVID19 as a result. This is not a conspiracy theory, this is a fact.
Can we just stop with all the COVID19, China Virus, Chinese Virus, Wuhan Virus talk and call it what it is?! The Gates Virus 19 
. @SenTomCotton was right to question how COVID-19 began spreading in Wuhan. To thank him, Democrats and others with TDS mock him for being right. These people are not looking out for American interests in this crisis.  …
Two months before the novel coronavirus is thought to have begun its deadly advance in Wuhan, China, the Trump admin ended a $200M pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China & other countries to detect & respond to such a threat.  …
Jan 6th: Travel noticed issued for Wuhan Jan 17: Health entry screening at airports Jan 20: Development of vaccine started Jan 29: Task force created
Delhi isn’t buying Beijing’s coronavirus hero act — Widespread allegations that the ⁦ @WHO⁩, wary of upsetting Beijing, was slow to sound the alarm about the coronavirus that originated late last year in Wuhan By ⁦  …
An appeal to PM Modi based excellent research by @PrinceArihan to press for sacking of Chinese agent Tedros from WHO. He as converted a reputed health organisation into Wuhan Health Organisation.  …
China's Wuhan disinfects its airport as operations are about to resume  
#LiWenliang upheld #FreedomOfSpeech in #Communist #China to protect the world from #COVID19. In return, he gave his life. It's time to honor him: The Martyr of Wuhan.  …
China deliberately blindsided the rest of the world with their declared numbers. Our electronics supplier in Wuhan can’t make contact with almost half his workforce. Registered cell phone numbers have fallen 21 million since Dec ‘19. The truth will out when the dust settles
Street vendors return in Wuhan as China prepares for coronavirus memorial 
Shipments of urns in Wuhan raise questions about China’s coronavirus reporting 
If federal agencies are using Zoom webinars to discuss Wuhan virus, and encryption keys are sent to China... is Zoom participating in espionage? . @TheJusticeDept we need answers on this  …
Adam Schiff's Wuhan Flu Investigation Should Begin with Adam Schiff  …
When Wuhan Dr. Li Wenliang tried to warn his fellow doctors and the world about the Wuhan Virus last year, he and seven other doctors were arrested & forced to sign "confessions" for "spreading rumors." He later died of the virus, too. 
Wuhan coronavirus: Australian PM Scott Morrison calls for a global crackdown on China’s Wet Markets, asks WHO, UN to take action  …
That sounds like the first line of a limerick! “There once was a bat in Wuhan Who ended up in a fry pan His death multiplied Many humans have died Of a virus he shed to all man.”
We learned yesterday that Trump disbanded a $200 million program to provide early warning of pandemic viruses—a program that had been working AT THE VIRUS LAB IN WUHAN—and the purported Democratic nominee thinks that it’s “a little too harsh” to say that he has blood on his hands  …
Ezra reacts to a December 2019 Chinese propaganda film showing a #Wuhan scientist collecting WILD BATS for virus research. WATCH:  
So China has reported only 30 more cases today and yet is locking down Wuhan again. And yet media is still reporting their numbers as if they were trustworthy.
Ignatius claims #Covid_19 wasn't bioengineered— it originated in bats—but there may have been an "accidental lab release." Did a sample leak from the nearby Wuhan Institute of Virology? Was hazardous waste deposited where it could have spread? Unclear.  …
Word of the Day - #578 "Wuhan Institute of Virology" Biosecurity researcher Ebright, "The coronavirus behind the pandemic was 96.2% similar to a bat virus discovered by the Wuhan...in 2013. Therefore, the first human infection also could have occurred as a laboratory accident."
Residents: ‘Nobody in Wuhan Believes the Official Numbers’ of Coronavirus Deaths  …
This is what they wore in Wuhan to protect their healthcare workers-and we expect our people to reuse a single N95 mask for days? 
Is the FBI and Pentagon Intelligence Dept looking out for Red Chinese spies seeding the Wuhan Chinese Virus in America’s cities? That is at least in theory very subject to being plausible.
‘Disappeared’ Wuhan Chinese Doctors  
China lied and people died. Residents: Lined up for hoursto get cremains. Nobody in Wuhan Believes the Official Numbers’ of Coronavirus Deaths  …
In about 5 days Wuhan will start opening up to the rest of China again. On the same day the students of our university will finally be able to leave their building for the first time in over 2 months. They've been suffering in silence. They'll need counselling and care.
Sleepy Joe also got caught calling for something that had already happened! "Biden suggests that early on he had been calling on China to admit U.S. experts. But the earliest example we can find is from...Feb. 25, a few days after the WHO mission finally reached Wuhan."  …
President Trump’s actions against #COVID19: Jan 6th: Travel noticed issued for Wuhan Jan 17: Health entry screening at airports Jan 20: Development of vaccine started Jan 29: Task force created What was Nancy Pelosi focused on during this timeframe? Impeachment.
Pelosi's Wuhan Virus Priority Is To Give Money To Her Rich Donors House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., has political priorities. During negotiations over the three Wuhan coronavirus stimulus bills, Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y.  …
mr. bean seen walking away from a wuhan viral lab
Firing of Navy captain for trying to get help for his sick crew—only through his chain  it is reported —joins a list of governments cracking down on disclosure of pandemic disease. Reminds me of Dr Li Wenliang fired in Wuhan by Chinese authorities for telling the truth 
Growing evidence suggests the #covid19 outbreak may not have started at Wuhan’s Huanan Seafood Market in December after all  
First major reading on the Wuhan Virus economic impact: US employers shed 701,000 jobs in March, unemployment jumped to 4.4%, as coronavirus ravages economy  #FoxBusiness #Dobbs
Made in China: “Midlevel bureaucrats in the city of Wuhan...and elsewhere in China have been lying about infection rates, testing and death counts, fearful that if they report numbers that are too high they will be punished, lose their position or worse.”  …
President TRUMP and his task force have been breaking their ass since day 1 of this Wuhan Coronavirus. The only thing the fake news media and democrats have been doing is attacking him day and night. When will our Republican Congress and Senator’s start standing up for Trump?
#Wuhan, once the epicenter of novel #coronavirus outbreak, will resume operation of nearly 100 passenger trains starting April 8, according to local railway 
Wu Flu came from Wuhan and the virus jumped the species gap from pangolins to monkeys. This was only made possible by the disgusting wet markets. Please STOP wet markets or we’ll be victims of more deadly viruses like Coronavirus, bird flu and swine fever.
Free article describing what happened to 26 orthopaedic surgeons in Wuhan, and what factors contributed to their  infected with coronavirus. The OTA @otatrauma released this article to members, and it needs to be read.  …
How has Taiwan, located just 100 miles from mainland China with regular flights to and from Wuhan, managed to contain the coronavirus better than almost any other country? "Aggressive action," says Stanford epidemiologist Dr. Jason Wang. 
To follow up on previous study that cat could be a potential susceptible animal of #SARSCov2, researchers conducted a serological survey in Wuhan  … 15 of 102 (14.7%) cat sera collected after #COVID19 outbreak tested positive by ELISA  
Main takeaways from the Heath Secretary statement: 1. Threat to U.K. is classed as “low” 2. UK leading the world in test design, research & preparation 3. NHS is fully prepared 4. Avoid unnecessary travel to Wuhan 70 days ago.  …
Here’s an article by the left-wing propagandists at Media Matters from earlier this year taking shots at Fox for warning about what  with the Wuhan Virus.  …
Coronavirus live news: Spain records first drop in daily death toll in four days; Wuhan residents told to stay indoors  …
“scientists don’t rule out that an accident at a research laboratory in Wuhan might have spread a deadly bat virus that had been collected for scientific study,” writes  …
"It’s been a long time. Before we couldn’t dare  out." The atmosphere in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, is tense ahead of China lifting its lockdown on the city April 
I and others have been telling you that the Chinese Virus most likely escaped from the Wuhan lab because of shoddy safety protocols. Now even WaPo is admitting that’s a strong possibility.  …
Wuhan this. Wuhan that. Anybody else have the feeling we're being played?
The message from Wuhan residents to the world is to stay positive and stay indoors to defeat the coronavirus, as the city slowly returns to normal after a two-month lockdown 
“Communist China lied about their data, destroyed evidence, and allowed the Wuhan virus to spread around the world...and they should be held accountable for unleashing this virus on the world.” -  …
Latest genius Democrat plan: Make the election about Wuhan virus - Washington Times  …
"The head of emergency at Wuhan Central Hospital Dr. Ai Fen went public saying authorities had stopped her and her colleagues from warning the world about #COVID19. She has now disappeared. Whereabouts unknown." #AiFen #FreeHongKong #CCP 
Listen up: the people of Wuhan have a message for you. 
SA’s swift and bold actions   on numbers with Italy only apt if three variables were constant: the intensity of interaction with Wuhan (there’re direct flights between Wuhan and Northern Italy), time of onset of infections, aggressiveness in testing.  …
Estimates Show Wuhan Death Toll 'Far' Higher Than Official Figure A Resident Of Hubei Province Said Most People There Now Believe That More Than 40,000 Died In The City Before And During The Lockdown  …
“Don’t go thinking it’s going to be over in a few weeks,” an American in Wuhan warns after spending eight weeks in lockdown. “No one would have anticipated that it would be this long.” “Act as though it’s going to be a lot longer.” (1/3)  … #NBCNewsThreads
Tucker Embarrasses NYT With Their Own Ridiculous Coronavirus Headlines-Well, now we know why our Country took this Wuhan Virus so lightly! Their hatred for ⁦⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ conservatives and people of faith exposes  …
WaPo on February 17: "Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) repeated a fringe theory suggesting that the ongoing spread of a coronavirus is connected to research in the disease-ravaged epicenter of Wuhan, China."   …
Another COVID19 cat study. This one detected SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in 15% of the cats that were tested in Wuhan, indicating cats can and do get infected with this coronavirus even outside of laboratory settings.  …
WAPO: "Scientists don’t rule out that an accident at a research laboratory in Wuhan might have spread a deadly bat virus that had been collected for scientific study."  …
Dear heavenly father above I pray for those I love Those who live in fear Those who lost someone dear Those fighting the Wuhan flu & those who dont know what to do I pray for knowledge I pray for strength I pray you keep this virus at length In your name I pray And everybody say 
Midlevel bureaucrats in the city of Wuhan, where virus originated, and elsewhere in China have been lying about infection rates, testing and death counts, frightened that if they report numbers that are too high they will be punished, lose their position or be jailed.
Today, the whole of India and 130 crore Indians may be locked-down! Our economy  to a standstill, but all major cities of China are open and now and from April 8, China is also opening Wuhan! The whole world is stricken with terror! 
Corona created terror in big cities of the world, so why did not this conflict reach Beijing…? Why not reach Shanghai ...? Why .? Beijing and Shanghai are the areas adjacent to Wuhan! The virus from Wuhan reached every corner of the world, but Beijing & Shanghai 
11/ ...his corrupt & inept administration; his propagandists on Fox News and OAN and Breitbart; and, also, the Republican Party that has enabled him, coddled him, and, this past January, as the covid outbreak hit Wuhan, absolved him of his obvious and odious crimes.
Beijing and the economic capital: Shanghai near Wuhan, why.? Beijing is the city where all the leaders of China live, military-leaders live here, those who run the power of China live here, there is no lock-down in Beijing! It is open! Corona has no effect here, why? 
US briefing: Wuhan warning, Jared Kushner steps in and joblessness soars  …
Wuhan to India = 3575 km Wuhan to Iran = 6560 km Something is wrong Corona virus has originated from the city of Wuhan in China and now it has reached every corner of the world, but this virus has not reached the capital of China: Beijing The Economical capital 
Dan Crenshaw Blasts Valerie Jarrett After Claim Obama Would've Handled Wuhan Virus Crisis 'Much Better' -- via @sistertoldjah -  …
Coronavirus live news: Spain records first drop in daily death toll as Wuhan residents told to stay indoors  …
An American who spent more than 2 months locked down in Wuhan, where the coronavirus epidemic first emerged, is urging people back home to prepare for a lengthy interruption to their lives. 
We know mandatory vaccines happened in Wuhan before the outbreak, but who knew the same thing occurred in Italy? In January 2020, 34,000 people were vaccinated against Mengigococcus C in Bergamo in a campaign initiated by the authorities
FYI, CHINA has an unquestionable MORAL OBLIGATION to HELP the world dealing with a PANDEMIC that broke out in WUHAN. And that ASSISTANCE  with ZERO STRINGS attached, including calls for ACCOUNTABILITY!
Frank and personal, Fang Fang's Wuhan diaries and its unapologetic documentation of suffering in real time boosted national morale because it refused to bow to an artificial narrative of didacticism & false optimism.  …
Omg this is Who helped China poison the world! WHO (Wuhan Helth Organization) this video will make your blood boil wait till you see the video conference between a Hong Kong journalist and a lead expert from The World Helth organization. You will 
"The trauma suffered by people in Wuhan is huge...Those who died are gone, but their loved ones are still around, and they all experienced moments of great despair," says Fang Fang, the novelist who chronicled Wuhan's lockdown 
"it took Wuhan to show me that wooing huns means nothing when you know where your epicentre really is, hope you're enjoying this lockdown" 
"We all read so much about what was happening in Wuhan on WeChat," said one Chinese American woman who's been making masks. "We knew how serious the outbreak was and started being careful much earlier than other Americans." 
#Wuhan's naval shipbuilding is back working overtime, according to China's state media. Wuhan military workers got special treatment during #COVID19 to ensure that #China's military expansion continues unabated. #Navy #USN #USNavy  …
The UN Security Council addressed Ebola but has been missing in action on the coronavirus. A big reason is that the Chinese government is desperate to avoid discussion of how its censorship of the Wuhan early-warning doctors sparked a global pandemic.  
A man was sentenced to 8 months in prison in Beijing after hiding his travel history to #Wuhan amid the #COVID19 outbreak, which resulted infecting his mother and leading to 28 others put under 
German scientist casts doubt on how coronavirus is spread - as  'Germany's Wuhan' for secrets about bug 
EXCLUSIVE: Coronavirus Expert Says Virus Could Have Leaked From Wuhan Lab  … via @dailycaller
Just on #BBC news a reporter said Coronavirus probably started in #Wuhan SEAFOOD MARKET #China is this what fake news is? When’s a seafood market sold snakes, bats, donkeys, dogs, cats, badgers, the very endangered pangolin etc. Are we that frightened of upsetting China
"It’s been a long time. Before we couldn’t dare  out." The atmosphere in the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, #Wuhan, is tense ahead of China lifting its lockdown on the city April 8 
This is WHO helped China poison the world - YouTube. Avi Yemini talking about the Virus, China & the WHO - ‘Wuhan Health Organisation’.  …
A group of 108 volunteers has been vaccinated in a clinical trial for a #COVID19 vaccine in #Wuhan and 18 of them have ended their 14-day quarantine as of Thursday. CT examinations and blood tests show they are all in good health. 
This temporal and spatial targeting w obvious political consequences didn’t happen from some guy eating a raw bat in a Wuhan live market. Clue: The model used by Birx and Fauci to overestimate was developed by Bill Gates. @POTUS #coronavirus
The top official in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus epidemic in China, warned residents to stay vigilant and avoid going out as the country plans to mourn coronavirus 'martyrs'  by 
He's also a sponsor of the Wuhan Lab
EXCLUSIVE: Coronavirus Expert Says Virus Could Have Leaked From Wuhan Lab  …
Why did apparently stigmatizing names like Chinese virus or Wuhan virus keep making headlines? Watch and find out how Western media’s propaganda plays out in the global battle against coronavirus.  #Covid_19 #COVID19 
Saturday is Qingmingjie. But few will be tending to graves this year, despite many recent coronavirus fatalities. Thousands of families, especially those in the outbreak’s epicentre of Wuhan, have been unable to bury their dead.  …
Throwback to 4 Jan: "Wuhan police...said they had punished 8 people for 'publishing or forwarding false information on the internet without verification'...'no obvious evidence of human to human transmission' has been found so far, the [Wuhan  said."  …
VIDEO: Angry Wuhan man seeks answers over father's death from virus. Zhang took his elderly father to a Wuhan hospital for surgery in January, just as outbreak hit. In days, his father was dead of COVID-19. Zhang is now demanding answers from a government he accuses of lying 
"American intelligence agencies have concluded that the Chinese government itself does not know the extent of the virus and is as blind as the rest of the world. Midlevel bureaucrats in the city of Wuhan, where the virus originated, and elsewhere in China have been lying"
Dems: TRUMP DIDN"T ACT FAST ENOUGH. This official announcement was 2 weeks before @realDonaldTrump stopped all flights from Wuhan, China.  …
There is no doubt of the seriousness of Wuhan But given it is deadly to a very small demographic Total Economic Shutdown was nuclear overkill It caused an Total Economic Collapse Politicians jumped onto Coronavirus Hysteria End it now @KWallarKitCon
Not at all suggesting an American hand as it is a #Chinesevirus from Wuhan. Yet amazing to see US to have war gamed it 2 years back and yet end up making a mess of it   …
The regular mortality rate in China is 726 per 100k ppl per year. The regular expected number of death from Jan 1 to Mar 31 in Hubei province without the epidemic was 108.900. In Wuhan, which has 14 million inhabitants, the expected number was 25.410.   …
Volunteer disinfectant sprayers help Wuhan prepare for a return to work  
In wuhan this means dinner is ready 
Was speaking to a friend in US whose team member was stuck in Wuhan during lockdown. His hotel was sealed, so he survived on water & desi snacks for a week. He had also heard many gunshots near the hotel which he guessed were shot on people trying to escape. Can't even express.
- Global death toll exceeds 52,500 as the number of infections passes 1 million - Communist Party boss in Wuhan says risk of the virus resurgence in the city still high - New York City tells residents to wear face masks All the latest:  …
Reports: Virus Death Toll in Wuhan over 10x China’s Official Number 
PM Modi enjoys 'Highest Popularity' globally with 63% positive ratings amidst fight against pandemic created by Wuhan Virus  … via @eOrganiser
Social media sleuths have estimated that Wuhan funeral homes had returned 3,500 urns a day since March 23. That would imply a death toll in Wuhan of about 42,000 — or 16 times the official number. @annafifield Lyric  …
Two months before the novel coronavirus began spreading in Wuhan, China, the Trump administration ended a $200 million pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China and other countries to detect and respond to such a threat.  …
There once was a bat in Wuhan.
Zhang Shuo, a nurse, recalls her heroic experience of aiding local colleagues in #Wuhan to fight the coronavirus  
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied let’s not forget that Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson @zlj517 said that he thinks the #coronavirus might have been brought over by the US army to #Wuhan where the corona virus started. #china has lied and it has caused many deaths! 
The  with India's national mobilization against the Wuhan coronavirus, is a war. And the internal sabotage India is facing ( #TablighiJamaat & their ilk) is exactly what it would face during an actual war. Both viruses need eradicating.  …
Hang onto your britches folks! Things are going to get bad for a while and the numbers are going to look ugly. This is a tough balance to strike between keeping the pubic safe and avoiding an economic crash! #GodsGotThis Wuhan Virus: Nighty Update  …
Before returning to homes and families throughout the US & abroad, 100+ Vanderbilt students attended parties & ignored school's warnings re: #COVIDー19 "I DARE you to give me corona," reads a picture's caption. The photo JOKINGLY claims "Wuhan, China"  …
Tickets to Wuhan are paying 1K round trip....You in.?
Until i see Ruth Ginsburg in Wuhan China hugging all the residents....I say we keep the travel ban on China
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan 
Coronavirus: Wuhan residents told to stay inside and be vigilant  …
Very good thread.. Reminder that ZeroHedge was permanently banned from Twitter for suggesting SARS-CoV-2 may have accidentally escaped from the Wuhan lab.  …
the script about the heroic CIA agents who went to Wuhan province to find the Real Death Totals that the evil Chinese government is covering up will hit the blacklist by this fall and have, like, Chris Hemsworth attached by winter
Two months before the COVID-19 pandemic the Trump administration ended a $200 million program that trained scientists around the world - including scientists in Wuhan, China - to identify novel coronaviruses  …
The Wuhan Metro has resumed operations as the citywide lockdown eases after two months 
Senator Tom Cotton raised an early alarm about China's dishonesty. He pointed out they were clearly lying about several elements and suggested we need to investigate the origin. He never claimed it was a bio-weapon, but instead did point out there the Wuhan lab was near source.
MSM NEVER MENTIONS THE FACT THAT WUHAN IS THE WORLD'S FIRST SMART CITY WHICH JUST SO HAPPENS TO BE WHERE THIS "PANDEMIC" BEGAN! THESE ARE THE SAME SMART CITIES THE LEFT HAS BEEN PUSHING FOR EVERY AMERICAN FOR 30 YEARS!
So we facilitated the delivery of a piddling amount of supplies in exchange for...800 Americans. You think they were all civilians stuck in Wuhan? Come on. Th State Department isn't talking about it because it's a question of national security.
Just few months before the novel coronavirus likely began spreading in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a program aimed at...detecting novel coronaviruses. They were working with a lab in Wuhan.  …
"The State Department facilitated the delivery of these medical supplies to Project HOPE in China on flights that ultimately brought home over 800 American citizens back from Wuhan at the outbreak of the pandemic."
Wuhan, China is the world's first 'Climate  smart city - 500 square feet of living space & weaponized with 5G - causing flu-like symptoms!  …
And the dems probably had a hand in it. Soros ? Who knows. I don’t believe in coincidence. Wuhan virus from Wuhan and there is a bio testing facility in Wuhan. Hmmmmmmm
I firmly believe China, the sick fucks that they are, deliberately engineered the coronavirus from the horseshoe bat in a Wuhan lab, then released it on purpose. Prove me wrong with science.
The Wuhan lab facility does extensive testing. One type is injecting animals. My husband's lab co-worker was born in Wuhan. She has stated once they are done with the animals they are brought to the open market to be sold for food. Think about it.
What terrifies you more - a flu virus from Wuhan or  decapitation of the U.S. economy?
2 mos before #COVID19 began spreading in Wuhan, the tRump admin ended an Obama-era $200m pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China & other countries to detect/respond to such a threat, Of course they did. #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath  …
WATCH: Apparently thisis the PPE protocol in Wuhan. Makes what our health care workers are forced to wear look like a cruel joke. 
Italy is looking all deaths. Finding that only 12% of deaths that they classified as Chinese Wuhan Virus were.
Our economy  to a standstill, but all major cities in China are open and from April 8, China is also opening Wuhan! The whole world is stricken with paralysis and terror! Now new cases are not happening in China and China is open…! Why ...? 
As thousands die worldwide from the #coronavirus pandemic that spread like wildfire in Wuhan while #China silenced doctors, journalists & others who tried to sound the alarm, how can this regime choose the UN’s next global monitor on the right to  …
Wrong. She invited everyone  to Chinatown for the Lunar New Year parade after approximately 100,000 Chinese flew to the US from Wuhan during their outbreak.
 … 6,000 doctors now rate hydroxychloroquine as most effective medicine for Wuhan virus. So Democrats like Andrew Cuomo who blocked pharmacies from carrying it have blood on their hands, do they not?
Beijing and Shanghai are the areas adjacent to Wuhan! The virus from Wuhan has reached every corner of the world and caused tsetse and economic havoc, but this virus did not reach Beijing and Shanghai…! * Why ...? * 
By January 9th, the causative agent of the illness in Wuhan still hadn't been identified. January 10th saw the first upload of the Genome sequence of covid19. German scientists developed the first diagnostic test for the illness on January 16th.
All 108 #Wuhan volunteers for Phase I clinical trials of Chinese #COVID19 vaccine  injections. 18 have ended their 14-day quarantine as of Thursday and CT examinations and blood tests show they are all in good 
Cuomo Is NUTS! He shuts down Remington Arms via Wuhan (Non-essential). Instead of being angry about the closure, Remington writes Cuomo & tells him they would produce PPE’s for the state, keeping his workers employed! Crickets from Cuomo STUPIDO!  …
The Washington Times report "Chinese researchers isolated deadly bat coronaviruses near Wuhan animal market" mentioned this video from December funded by the #CCP which shows Tian collecting samples from captured bats and storing them in vials. Tian's face is pretty 
Obama would’ve asked after seeing videos of Wuhan being locked down: “How contagious is this coronavirus? How many deaths can we expect in US and Europe if we don’t impose mass quarantines? Give me the worst case scenario.” And worked back from that. Any good leader would’ve.  …
The US Intel Community (or one of its trusted liaison partners) almost certainly has intelligence confirming whether or not the virus escaped from the lab in Wuhan. The question is whether and when they'll announce it, and how badly Trump wants to punish  regime.  …
"It was in January, 2020, that I, among the rest of my neighbours, heard in ordinary discourse that the plague was returned again in China; for it had been very violent there, and particularly at Wuhan.” Or "The unusual events described in this chronicle occurred in 2020 in NY"
Richard H. Ebright, a molecular biologist who has been quoted as a coronavirus expert by The Washington Post and MSNBC, said Thursday that it’s possible that COVID-19 leaked from a Wuhan lab.  …
Adam Schiff Vows to Investigate Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Response~ This little SCHITT and the Democrats r just digging their hole deeper WTP on both sides r Fk’N pissed off  …
BREAKING: Top Coronavirus Expert Cited By The Washington Post and MSNBC Says Virus Could Have Leaked From Wuhan Lab  …
 … 53,000 people on Earth has DIED with the Wuhan Virus. Over ONE MILLION have been infected, plus the MILLIONS that the Chinese are hiding (infected and dead). Nation's economies are DESTROYED, and we STILL have nations praising China??? #RayJPolitics
The Wuhan city travel ban in  with the Level 1 national emergency response limited the number of confirmed #COVID19 cases to 96% fewer than expected in the absence of interventions, by day 50. Read the new study in Science:  
EXCLUSIVE: #Coronavirus Expert Says Virus Could Have Leaked From Wuhan Lab  …
Exclusive: Travel Patterns Of #Wuhan Citizens Align With Global Virus Outbreaks | Coronavirus WATCH FULL EPISODE  @EpochTimes #CCPVirus #CoronaVirus #Wuhan 
Why is Bill Gates, who is NOT a healthcare professional, promoting the functionality of the Wuhan virus as if it were one of his products? And why is there no mention of the known exponential decline phase of the virus according to the SIR model? 
NEW: Richard Ebright, molecular biologist quoted by @washingtonpost to rebut theory that the virus was a bioweapon, tells @AndrewKerrNC COVID-19 may have leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology  …
A few questions about this #WuhanVirus It originated in Wuhan jumping from animals to humans. It has created havoc in every corners of the world. Except the political capital of China, Beijing and its financial hub, Shanghai. Why? 1/4
What Nancy Pelosi was doing when the Wuhan Virus was raging in China. 
The last time I saw Ruth Bader Ginsburg, "Wuhan, China" was best known for being a city in China.
NEW: Two months before the novel coronavirus likely began spreading in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a $200-million program aimed at detecting — well, novel coronaviruses. The staff had been working with the lab in — well, Wuhan. w/  …
The lib media’s new trick is to attack any non-scientist from daring  on the Wuhan Virus. This is despite the fact that the dopiest group of ignoramuses I’ve ever crossed paths with are lib media buffoons. Yet they continue to pollute us with their ill informed nonsense
China's leading virologist on bat-borne viruses lost sleep worrying that coronavirus could have leaked from her lab in Wuhan upon learning of its spread in December. She now tells those who share those same concerns to "shut their stinking mouths."  …
China has been working hard at hacking into the health department & big pharmaceuticals of western countries to steal research of Wuhan virus cures.  …
Trump administration suspends additional seasonal H-2B worker visas due to economic downturn sparked by the Wuhan virus -  …
Wuhan experiencing a 2nd wave of COVID19, residents urged to stay home. Hong Kong also experiencing a 2nd wave and implementing an immediate shut down of all bars... This ain’t passing any time soon!
"Two months before the novel coronavirus probably began spreading in Wuhan, China, the Trump administration ended a $200-million pandemic early-warning program aimed at training scientists in China and other countries to detect and respond..."  …
"The initiative, called PREDICT, also trained and supported staff in 60 foreign laboratories — including the Wuhan lab that identified 2019-nCoV, the new coronavirus that causes COVID-19." Way to go Trump administration.
[RTRS] 02 APR - COMMUNIST PARTY SECRETARY OF CHINA'S WUHAN SAYS RISK OF CORONAVIRUS RESURGENCE IN CITY STILL HIGH, MUST GUIDE RESIDENTS TO STRENGTHEN SELF-PROTECTION
In early January, Chinese authorities reprimanded the first doctor in Wuhan to warn people about the virus, accusing him of “spreading rumors online” and “severely disrupting social order” 
No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now... He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 55 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio @RepJimBanks #FindQiushi 
Prior to the lockdown of the CCP virus's epicenter in Wuhan, there were approximately 5,000,000 people who reportedly left the city. Where did they go?
Reminder! @blckriflecoffee is fueling medical workers on the frontlines against Wuhan coronavirus. You can help them with their mission here —->  
two months before the coronavirus began spreading in Wuhan, the Trump administration ended a $200-million early-warning program that was aimed at detecting pandemics just like this one  …
This is a dumb tweet by Jemele Hill. I know, I know, they're all dumb tweets, but according to Jemele, donating to Trump means you're not allowed to help save lives. What has Jemele Hill done to help stave the Wuhan Virus?  …
Dr Birx continues to demonstrate poor leadership. No accountability. Refuses to a take responsibility for failures. 1st, China tricked us & failure to respond was weird data from Wuhan. Ok fine. But now their models aren't wrong, *we are* the problem. Nah. You're the problem.
Shipments of urns in Wuhan raise questions about China’s coronavirus reporting 
When our gov't sat there and freaken let in Chinese student en masse from WUHAN!!! days after open source info was out on the virus - to tell us we are not doing enough now to kill our lives, given the house arrest and economic Hiroshima - you can go to hell.
“Life imitates Art”... or Can it predict the future? Idk but the 2 stories I read about this;take liberal license to call it a conspiracy theory. Call it God, or the universe but Koontz imagined #China using a #BioWeapon Called ... WUHAN 400  …
Our politicians are still using Wuhan outbreak data in their models to justify their "shelter-in-place" orders.  …
This Goes To Show Just How Wreckless & Irresponsible #China Really Is! A Global Pandemic Is Not Enough To Correct Their Ways! ‘You have to shut them down!’ Phillip Schofield rages as Wuhan wet markets reopen  …
ATTENTION CHINA The virus did originate from Wuhan. This is what we expect to happen in response to this Wuhan Virus. We will be seizing all Chinese government owned properties and buisnessed in the USA. We will be liquidating them to offset the costs.  …
Move the UN and WHO to China. I hear Wuhan is nice.
Asian countries face possible second wave of coronavirus infections. Some tragically still face a first wave. Not just a semantic difference. Wuhan will show whether 2nd waves will happen globally most other places,including in Asia still face a first wave  …
New Tools to Fight the Wuhan Virus: @realDonaldTrump announces a new FDA approved test, and orders  to build over 100,000 ventilators. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Life in #Wuhan gradually back to normal as #coronavirus outbreak wanes  
Isn't this what  accuse Wuhan authorities of doing?  …
Related: More than two billion face masks sourced from countries around the world including Australia were sent to China at the height of the coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan, according to official figures released by the Chinese customs service.  …
Red Storm Rising: @mikepillsbury warns the Chinese will try and use the Wuhan virus to exploit and surpass the U.S. in every area. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
The science is finally  available to support airborne transmission as a route of infection. These studies are hard to do. One from Wuhan, Singapore and Nebraska.  soon I am sure. Go Aerosol Scientists (which includes me )  …
The Germans Intel on the unfolding Wuhan crisis will have arrived at same time as it did in UK and US difference being while UK and US ignored the warnings the Germans prepared, planned and organised. This is why Germans seem to be more in control of events.
Daily deaths, 5-day rolling average: -Catalonia -Hubei (Wuhan) -Lombardy -Madrid 
New research Article: Using observational data to quantify bias of traveller-derived #COVID19 prevalence estimates in Wuhan, China  … by @NeneRiehus, @mlipsitch et al. "underdetected cases of COVID-19 have probably spread in most locations around the world"
Can someone tell me how this is different from the situation last year when the Chinese doctor in the Wuhan hospital sounded the alarm in the dictatorial regime China??  …
We’re also monitoring traffic levels around the world to track lockdowns. Wuhan’s outbreak may have ended, but its roads are still empty. If we accept that NY, London etc are heading the way of Wuhan, that means lockdown for months longer Daily updates:  
Now subnational regions’ daily new deaths: • London has shot past Wuhan’s death rate, >100 deaths for 3rd straight day. New deaths increasing by ~25% a day • New York’s death toll angling steeply upwards. Hundreds of deaths per day, and rising • Madrid & Catalonia plateauing? 
"Communist China lied about their data, destroyed evidence, and allowed the Wuhan virus to spread around the world. China arrested the very doctors who tried to warn the world about what was happening, and other whistleblowers have gone missing,”  …
Why did apparently stigmatizing names like Chinese virus or Wuhan virus keep making headlines? Watch and find out how Western media’s propaganda plays out in the global battle against coronavirus.  #Covid_19 #COVID19 
#COVID19Pandemic #COVID19 #WuhanCoronaVirus #WuhanVirus #ChineseVirus Ya think China sees people as expendable? How was this Virus released near Wuhan and why? Mao killed 45 MILLION in 4 years!!!  …
I am a denier of... > Climate Change > Wuhan will kill us all virus > Nipple piercings make you smart > The Bidens are honest folks > Brussels Sprouts are nice
A man said WUHAN to me today, in the middle of Central Park. Always remember that racist shitheads are everywhere
Trudeau’s health minister says it’s a conspiracy theory to say that China isn’t 100% honest about how it’s handled the virus. Funny; that’s exactly what the police in Wuhan said when eight troublesome doctors warned about it back in December:   …
You can catch the @townhallcom VIP Gold chat with me, @LarryOConnor and @ChrisStigall at 8E/5P and get this...use promo code WUHAN for a 25% discount. Dude. That's major.  …
China bulldozed the epicenter in a market in Wuhan, before the forensic audit could be done. The epicentre was blocks from a bio lab. And Canadas health minister, aka nutbar trusts Chiese data. Brilliant. There is a case to be made that Trudeau has been criminally negligent.  …
1. I’m alerted to a very strange leftwing media mob tactic that’s taking place. If I don’t regurgitate the most dire claims and predictions of the Wuhan virus death rates, and if I dare to discuss the variety of serious scholarship with varying models and predictions, ironically
Very interesting. 1. Wuhan Virology Lab has worked on SARS-like bat viruses for years, and famously identified Yunnan bats as the likely origin of SARS:  … 2. Unconfirmed reports of lab accidents. 3. A researcher on the bat team appears to be  …
China apparently is turning to slave labor to kickstart its economy, following the catastrophe created by the #coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan. Did they not use slave labor before  …
This is freaking weird. The logo on the right is from the video game Resident Evil, in which a bio-weapon from the Umbrella Corporation in Raccoon City turns everyone to zombies. The logo on the right is from a real lab in Wuhan China. What the heck is really going on!  …
The #coronavirus has now infected 1 million people across the world, a milestone reached just 4 months after it first surfaced in Wuhan, China. More via @business:  
Interesting series out of Wuhan re: pancreatic injury in the setting of SARS-CoV-2. Authors note that prior SARS-CoV was detected in pancreatic tissue, and ACE2 receptor found in islet cells. Current pandemic, 9/52 (17%) w/elevated amy/lip  …
COVID-19 has infected 1M people worldwide, a milestone reached just 4 months after it first surfaced in Chinese city of Wuhan. Highly contagious & appearing w/little or no symptoms in some cases Covid-19 has rapidly eclipsed all recent outbreaks in scale and size God help us all
Wuhan was the first city to turn on their 5G network in November of 2019. “Coronavirus” followed shortly after. Coincidence? 
⁦ @RepAdamSchiff⁩ proposes 9/11 Commission-type review of #coronavirus outbreak House Piece Of Shit Commission’s Findings A:1-29-20 Trump #ChinaTravelBan =Racist Xenophobic B:1-15-20 CDC,1st confirmed for #coronavirus in U.S.arrived from Wuhan=Delivery Articles of Impeach 
The racist rhetoric from the highest level of our government has contributed to a disturbing rise in hate-crimes targeting Asian Americans. Calling the #COVID19Pandemic the ‘Wuhan virus’, ‘Kung flu’, or ‘Chinese virus’ isn’t clever or funny, it’s wrong and deeply harmful.  …
Trump virus. The pandemic that could've been prevented / substantially contained in 11/2019 - had Trump not dismantled CDC's Pandemic Prevention team in Wuhan, (47 people) - btwn 2017- 7/2019; and immediately [banned] all  flights from China and other infected regions.
Pelosi’s unbelievable. She holds the Wuhan Virus Bill hostage so she can deliver barrels of pork to her special interests. Then she slides in a few goodies at the end (w/our money), & now SHE is the one demanding investigations into how the relief money is spent. What a fraud!
Locking down Wuhan was a big red flag. Xi wouldn't have done that without some catastrophic intel. It would've been wise to stop int. travel immediately. But that shouldn't deflect from the fact that it was China's job to stop the travel. They didn't. Instead, they encouraged it.
Shipments of urns in Wuhan raise questions about China’s coronavirus reporting 
Last year Wuhan was the first city to roll out 5G, followed by #Spain & #Italy. According to the head of the largest business unit of Vodafone UK from 2013-2015, #Covid19 isn't the problem. Here's a 30 min video deleted by Youtube of him explaining it:  
The Netherlands returned 600,000 face masks supplied from China because they were faulty. Spain bought 640,000 coronavirus testing kits from China, and they gave a high rate of fake results. 80% of the kits China exported to Czech were fake. Wuhan begins the end of lockdown.
How long before we can buy a red maga N95 mask made in Wuhan China ?
China’s Shenzhen city bans consumption of cats and dogs after COVID-19 devastation in Wuhan.  …
Urns Being Delivered By The THOUSANDS to Wuhan Places Doubt On China’s Virus Reporting 
#Gravitas | 6 million people in the United States have lost their jobs due the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak. Meanwhile, France has requested $500 billion aid from #G20 for African nations. @palkisu gets you the big global developments for 
Joining me next: @RepThomasMassie discusses the Wuhan Coronavirus and that stimulus vote — stream at  or subscribe to the podcast:  … Watch live on @TheFirstonTV @PlutoTV  … #DanaRadio
Listen up: the people of Wuhan have a message for you. 
#FrankPlummer renowned Winnipeg based Canadian National Microbiology Laboratory scientist key to #Coronavirus investigation has died in mysterious conditions in Africa. He was the one who received Saudi SARS Coronavirus sample which was smuggled to Wuhan  …
#Gravitas | The Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak is not just a health emergency. It has triggered an economic crisis. Markets are bleeding, growth has slumped and people are losing their jobs. @palkisu tells you why the possibility of pay cuts now looks 
Tablighi Jamaat & beyond the Wuhan Virus - What we are fighting today is not just the Wuhan virus, but anti-India virus. It is a new strain of virus that has been engineered with different strains of Marxism, Islamism, and distorted Secularism.  …
Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus‘ Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  … via @BreitbartNews Imagine. A musician getting this right.
In an ocean of bad reporting, this @WSJ piece is incredible, refreshing journalism. They piece together the early days of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak & explain how China's lies, political failures, and propaganda led us to the current global pandemic.  …
Wuhan’s signature noodles are back on the menu as residents venture back out after more than two months indoors 
EXCLUSIVE: Mainland Chinese Endorse the Idea of Renaming COVID-19 to the ‘CCP Virus’ WATCH FULL EPISODE  Subscribe to @EpochTimes for updates  #CCPVirus #CoronaVirus #Wuhan 
Chinese student from the UK brings coronavirus back to epicentre Wuhan just a week the declaration of the conquer over the outbreak in the city  …
Joke: investing in gold to secure your financial future Woke: Hoarding the forbidden Wuhan Quarters 
Greg Abbott Signs Executive Order Keeping Violent Criminals from Going Back on the Streets During the Wuhan Crisis  … via @BigLeaguePol
China’s fraud extends well beyond its Wuhan virus coverups. My EQUITABLE Act would have protected Americans from Chinese deception by requiring all  traded on American exchanges to follow the same US regulations as every other nation.  …
Media hacks, and their liberal pals, absolutely hate it (read  in this thread) when you post THEIR OWN HEADLINES about the Wuhan Virus. It drives them mad. The truth hurts. Please retweet this to remind them of THEIR words. 
And continued to let people travel from Wuhan, and lied about the severity and h2h transmission. So, sounds right—-CHINA.
New retrospective cohort study in CID describes clinical features & short-term  for n=102 patients with #COVID19 hospitalized in a single center in Wuhan. Figure depicts timeline of onset &  in survivors (n=85) vs non-survivors (n=17)  
NY Post: A Radio Free Asia analysis found Wuhan's official death toll of 2,535 may be understated by a factor of 20. It reported 7 mortuaries were handing families 500 funeral urns a day for well over a week. 1 took shipment of 5,000 urns in just two days.  …
You don’t need to be an expert to see the causes for the concentration in Northern Italy and NYC. a) Florence has about 300,000 legal Chinese taking over its manufacturing, in addition to countless illegal Chinese, who make regular and continuous trips back & forth to Wuhan.
A classified report submitted by the US  to Washington has concluded that China had intentionally concealed the extent of Wuhan coronavirus outbreak 
On February 2nd a small Team headed into the Heart of the Global Outbreak to bring home 800 people from Wuhan CHINA ... #COVID19 What was @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @JerryNadler doing ? Let them dare open a 911 Commission to judge "who did what"  …
The Chinese government is  totalitarian, atheistic regime that covered up the Wuhan Virus. This is a FACT. I will not be silenced by the media, nor cowed by the Chinese government or anyone who parrots their false and deceitful talking points.
Listen to my response yesterday when @CBS_42 reporter asked, "But Mr. Sessions, the World Health Organization is making sure that we don’t call this a Chinese Virus, don’t call it a Wuhan Virus, an Asian Virus." 
Coronavirus | Wuhan initially downplayed crisis, says China expert Dali Yang to @ananthkrishnan of  …
You mention just one word about China, Wuhan, etc., hundreds of Chinese bots created by the Communist regime will start following you, tracking you and start spamming you. First they ate bat and gave the world the virus. Now sending their bots to all Corona virus conversations!
From the Wuhan of China to putting lockdown all over Europe!! Coronavirus POTM SBC for March is now available! #FUT20 
Damage control/spin from the Chinese Communist Party on the bad medical supplies, masks, Wuhan coronavirus tests, etc, they sent to Europe has begun  …
China would tell us somebody how a virus that emanated from Wuhan, left the country almost intact but destroying other parts of the world. The records of data from USA, Spain, &Italy is scary. This virus was deliberately& intentionally distributed Watch 
All DOCTORS should be allowed to treat patients with hydroxychloroquine. New York is the epicenter of Wuhan virus in our country right now. Why are NYers not allowed this drug @NYGovCuomo? YOU may be personally responsible for killing hundreds of NYers. Fix this now! @POTUS
#CoronaVirus first case: A shrimp seller #WeiGuixien A 57-year old in Wuhan identified as coronavirus 'patient zero' - The Economic Times.  …
The worst of the epidemic has yet to hit us, but we have time to prepare. Places like Wuhan, Italy, and NY have shown us what happens when the virus peaks in a given city or area. We must seize that lead time and prevent more deaths. And Trump must lead us, or get out of the way.
Dec/Jan: ignore dire-IC warnings of pandemic Feb: Pompeo brags about protecting China (which borders Russia; weird!) March: Pompeo & Donald sing "Wuhan Virus" duet April: Patriots oligarch and fan of special-endings Kraft takes victory lap  …
A US congressman is calling on the @StateDept to urge #China to investigate the disappearance of 3 #Chinese citizen journalists who sought to expose the impact of the #CCPVirus on the city of #Wuhan.  …
Here is a more detailed calculation of the true number of #coronavirus deaths in Wuhan. When the typical number of non-virus related deaths is accounted for, China still under-reported the number of deaths from #COVID19 by 12.7x. #CCPVirus  …
After Indian scientists were forced to withdraw their study concluding #Coronavirus was injected with HIV AIDS virus amidst massive online criticism, now Indian authorities have launched an investigation against China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology.  …
CHINA is still lying! Bloomberg reported this week on a US intelligence report that China faked their Wuhan numbers, lied to the world about the disease, and spread lies about us. The Chinese Communist Government is responsible and must pay!  …
If people are upset about the markets in Wuhan reopening, wait until you hear about the meat industry in the US.
Wha wha? Actual Child of Uber Woke Before Woke Was Cool, Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus' Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  …
In New York, the IMHE model predicted that as of yesterday, 50,962 people would have been hospitalized as of yesterday due to the Wuhan coronavirus. The actual number? 18,368. 
Another waste of time and resources. I don't know who's worse: Democrats or the Wuhan Virus.  …
Why the Wuhan #Coronavirus must be our Sputnik Moment with  …
@soychicka points out NOV 17, 2019 was first confirmed case of #COVID19 #coronavirus #COVIDー19 in Wuhan. Fact: November 17 is the exact SAME DAY that DJT raced to Walter Reed for something secret. @DemopJ @MaddowBlog @maddogpac @NatashaBertrand @csmonitor @TYT @PortlusGlam @xeni
There are many reasons to doubt the Chinese government's numbers on the coronavirus. The same self-serving instinct that led Chinese authorities to disastrously censor the Wuhan doctor whistleblowers in December still operates today in Beijing. 
.Unsurprisingly RFA's evidentiary standard for making extraordinary claims about China is extremely low. RFA relies on the “basic math” of “some social media posts” to conclude that “estimates show” 42,000 to 46,800 people died from COVID-19 in Wuhan.  …
The Dems need to stop thier propaganda peddling that is accusing the President for the Wuhan Virus outbreak. The President was acting on the data that China had given us & we are now finding out it was all inaccurate. China mislead the world &needs to be held accountable . 
Oh, we're definitely living in Wuhan virus hell, but Christians aren't the ones who got us here.  …
Going by death stats in #Italy and #Spain (both caught off guard), I'm certain that stat put out by #China is fake. By its own admission, #Wuhan, #Hubei suppressed numbers. #CoronaOutbreak was under wraps for at least a month. I'm sure @XHNews, @PDChina can't ask questions.
This is a fascinating piece 1. First known case of COVID-19 was in November weeks before the cluster of cases from the Wuhan wet market; 2. Hubei province's massive pig production is all factory farms where the condition for the virus would be ripe: 
"Of 178 hospital patients who tested positive, none had lupus and none were on HC. None of this Wuhan hospital’s dermatology department’s 80 lupus patients were infected with the novel coronavirus. The Wuhan doctors hypothesized that this may be due to long-term use of HC."
Discovered asteroid Wuhan (3206). It’s located exactly between Saturn and Pluto at 27° Capricorn.
Three weeks before China issued its first public warning on the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, Taiwan began instituting containment measures. Indeed, it alerted WHO on Dec. 31 that the virus was being transmitted between humans—a warning WHO chose to ignore.  …
Residents of Wuhan are flocking to noodle shops for a steaming hot bowl of the city's culinary signature after spending more than two months indoors 
3. Rather than holding hearings on China and the Wuhan virus situation, he turned  into a partisan political operation and later was the lead coup manager in the Senate. The Democrat leaders let down our country and continue to do so.  …
A FILM showing a Wuhan based virus expert catching bats has fuelled a theory that the disease leaked from a lab Mr Tian works at the centre, which is a few hundred yards away from the Huanan wet market where officially the virus began  …
Meanwhile, back at the Wuhan wet market... 
"The head of emergency at Wuhan Central Hospital Dr. Ai Fen went public saying authorities had stopped her and her colleagues from warning the world about #COVID19. She has now disappeared. Whereabouts unknown." #AiFen #FreeHongKong #CCP #ChinaLied
A dear friend of my Sister in law’s died over night of this Wuhan virus. He was only 46 years old. They NEVER gave him the medication that everyone is talking about. He has 3 children & lived in a nice area of Queens @RashidaTlaib just sit down & stfu with your racial bull!
Me - I’m hungry, im gonna eat 2 large pizzas and wash it down with a few beers Someone in Wuhan China - I’m hungry, I’m gonna eat a Labrador and wash it down with Komodo dragon piss.
Comic "Pros" and their sycophants are blaming Wuhan Coronavirus. No doubt this has impacted it and everything else. But the FACT is the Comic industry was already in trouble--Coronavirus isn't a CAUSE--it's a catalyst.
Now this is shocking... NOT MSM digging up the one instance of the malaria drug Hydroxychloroquine not working on the Wuhan viruse, and of course a former Obama regime official, Kathleen Sebelius has to knock it! BTW, it's a French hospital ... Of course  …
NEW: Animation of @jburnmurdoch's subnational regions showing daily new deaths • Madrid has turned the corner • NY is now epicentre of Covid-19. Each day brings more deaths than the last • London’s daily death toll higher than Wuhan’s at same stage of its outbreak 
"The head of emergency at Wuhan Central Hospital Dr. Ai Fen went public saying authorities had stopped her and her colleagues from warning the world about #COVID19. She has now disappeared. Whereabouts unknown." #AiFen #FreeHongKong #CCP #ChinaLied
Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus' Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  …
Why do they love abortions? (FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH) Why do they use CPS? (ASFA) Why do they go "underground"? (DUMBS) Why is #adrenochrome used? (NARCOTICS) Why are celebs getting covid? (ADRENOCHROME) Why did Soros fund Wuhan lab? (COVID?) #Istandwith45 #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
True scale of China's medical stockpile revealed: More than TWO BILLION masks imported into Wuhan 
The President had nothing to do with it. Maybe if China hadn’t lied and had gave warnings when they unleashed their bio-warfare Wuhan Virus we could of gotten ahead of this, While in China town you telling everyone there was nothing to worry about! 
Greg Abbott Signs Executive Order Keeping Violent Criminals from Going Back on the Streets During the Wuhan Crisis - Big League Politics 
Many don't know, John Lennon became a Reagan Admirer before his passing, and loved America and her freedoms! Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus‘ Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  … via @BreitbartNews
SHOCKING!! CCP launched an 'Emergency Response Maneuver' in WUHAN airport to deal with 'A NEW KIND OF CORONAVIRUS' in SEP.2019! Why maneuver was launched in WUHAN but not in other city? How did CCP predicted it's a 'coronavirus'? How long ago did CCP notice the virus already? 
After listening to a webinar from 5 Chinese #doctors in Wuhan, China who are in the middle of their outbreak - the following can be learned. 1/
Intubation and Ventilation amid the #COVID19 Outbreak: Wuhan's Experience Read this @_Anesthesiology piece for lessons we can learn:  Dr. Junmei 
Random thoughts... - Virus came from Wuhan, bioweapon research center - Virus much more fatal to vapers, chinese vapes banned 2019 due to lung damage - Trump blocks chinese travel early - Chinese masks proven defective - Cases surged in Italy and Spain, both used chinese masks
My $0.02: @realDonaldTrump re-election will be a lock if he… 1. Restores our economy. 2. Secures our border. 3. Reduces our dependence on China. Makes them pay the price for the Wuhan #CoronaVirus recovery.
China rejects claims of inaccurate coronavirus death tally in Wuhan  …
Wuhan: *reopen their market and starts selling bats, scorpions etc again* Coronavirus:  …
Overall point being: yes we doubt the  out of China, but we don’t doubt that containing the outbreak in Wuhan has been broadly effective. Other countries did not learn that lesson, have let outbreaks go national, and may face longer lockdowns as a result.
In my research I discovered he and Soros have a lab in Wuhan province. Interesting and quite the coincidence.
While we’re at it here’s the difference between Wuhan’s lockdown and others. 10 weeks after it began, Wuhan’s roads still silent. Londoners are still driving merrily around. LA similar. At least NYC & Paris have got the message across, but they’re still not Wuhan-level lockdowns 
The type of bat responsible for the novel coronavirus does not exist in wild within 900 miles of Wuhan. A research lab that does coronavirus testing on these bats is in Wuhan. Chinese scientists blame failures at the lab for  release. China lied. People died.
Let’s take a guess and say the Chinese death toll is over 10,000 rather than the 3,000 quoted. That’s still an order of magnitude lower than forecast US death toll of 100k-200k, and the reason will be that China did largely contain this to Wuhan/Hubei.
How did the Wuhan China Virus get from China to a nursing home in Bill Gates‘ Seattle, WA area without infecting everyone on the flight over?
But guess which country broke quarantine to pull its citizens out of Wuhan? Whose politicians were briefed on the threat in January and sold stocks instead of helping people prepare? Which country's healthcare system was letting thousands of people die even before the pandemic?
Why are Iranian stats rejected as unreliable but China’s data is accepted? Wuhan’s curve could be entirely fictitious, both in extent & trend. We have no real idea what is happening in China.
Whistleblowing coronavirus doctor at Wuhan hospital mysteriously vanishes  … via @nypost
“First they beat you and break your leg, and then they kindly offer you a walking stick.” Although the dire #CCPVirus situation in #Wuhan continues, the Chinese regime is ramping up its aid to foreign countries. Experts warn that Beijing may have bigger political plan. 
Battle still underway! For coronavirus patients in severe or critical conditions, respiratory failure is their biggest enemy. At the Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, medical workers are still striving to save those patients' lives. 
“Increasing evidence shows that Chinese have deliberately spread Wuhan virus in the United States, Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom. We need to find out who is behind these organized crimes and the true intentions behind them”  …
At least 40,000 died in Wuhan City. Those who try to tell the truth about this disappear. This is China.  …
Can anyone tell me how the Wuhan virus went round the world but not to Beijing or Shanghai?
"A recent study of the outbreak in Wuhan, China, found a case-fatality rate of 0.5 percent among adults from the ages of 30 to 59. The current estimate of fatality rates in the same age range in Louisiana is about four times that." Important story:  …
Dr. Lieber Harvard scientist who has ties to Wuhan labratories Yanqing Ye false identity as a student & working for the Chinese peoples Liberation Army Zaosong Zheng who smuggled vials of Cancer research to China all could be linked to the virus outbreak?  …
Lockdowns are slowly being lifted in cities like Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic. And for this country, there are lessons to be learned, @janisfrayer 
Just so you people know, only 15 to 20% of people who catch Wuhan Virus  so sick they have to go on a ventilator. If Nigeria needs 100 to 500 ventilators, open your textbook to Understanding Mathematics page twelve. 
#LECHAT dort... #Wuhan 
January 15 The First patient carrying the #coronavirus returns to the US from Wuhan This is what Dems in Congress were doing Remind us who was fiddling while people died @SpeakerPelosi Please retweet Please leave your handle @Please follow all Patriots 
China has been lying the entire time. “A resident of Hubei province, of which Wuhan is the capital, said most people there now believe that more than 40,000 people died in the city before and during the lockdown” not 2500 that we were told.  …
Interestingly, Taiwan, the NEXT DAY on Dec 31st issued a travel advisory and began screening travelers from China. They knew what had happened in Wuhan and today have only 5 deaths and 339 cases w/population of 23M. How did they know instantly? They have SPIES inside the CCP.
4•2•20 Cruise ships in INFINITE limbo I get fears about the Wuhan Virus, but are these people on cruise ships NOT human? Several cruise ships have been wandering the oceans being turned away by many nations. What if YOUR Mother was on one of these ships? 
It's a fascinating time to be a neutral observer. The age of irony and hypocrisy is truly upon us. The media, which for weeks called it the Chinese/Wuhan Coronavirus, decided doing so was "racist" the moment Donald Trump did it. /1
2019 Wuhan Restaurant Special: Buy 1 Bat Soup , get Corona free!! 
Here is hard evidence the CCP knew on Dec 27th General Chi’s Frankenstein virus has escaped the Wuhan BSL4 lab. On Dec 30th they had Wuhan Health Commission issue an urgent alert to hospitals to notify if patients arrived showing symptoms but ordered to keep it SECRET.  …
Warning : The sleazy Democrats have been trying to slip ballot harvesting measures into the Wuhan Virus bill. Watch this. H/T Mediaite stalker @ZTPetrizzo for the clip. 
The massive bio lab in Wuhan, though just a football field away from source of virus, & though lab has had accidental outbreaks before, had nothing to do w this. And Hillary was robbed & Trump is a Russian spy & Epstein killed himself. If the Left claims it, it's total bullshit.
Catalan government releases interactive map of infection rates by neighbourhood. Class is clearly a vector here:  … Catalonia has been one of the worst hit regions in the world, worse than Wuhan or Lombardy for this stage  
#China's Shenzhen bans the eating of cats and dogs after coronavirus Scientists suspect the coronavirus passed to humans from animals. The earliest infections were found in people who had exposure to a wildlife market in the central city of Wuhan  …
When Boris Johnson said he was happily shaking hands with Coronavirus patients, Wuhan had already been in lockdown for 40 days. 40 days of govt inaction, failure to prepare or even take the crisis seriously. When the dust settles, this will be a national scandal.
Origin of the virus: Wuhan Virology lab posted emergency job postings in early December to study bat virus human transmission, researcher believed to be dead from initial contact scrubbed from lab site.  …
I know you dont want a description, but this is Wuhan before all this shit happened, and we could visit my parents in law. 
A group of Indian scientists have discovered that Wuhan #Coronavirus has been engineered with AIDS like insertions. The study concludes that it is unlikely for a virus to have acquired such unique insertions naturally in a short duration of time.  …
Why did apparently stigmatizing names like Chinese virus or Wuhan virus keep making headlines? Watch and find out how Western media’s propaganda plays out in the global battle against coronavirus.  #Covid_19 #COVID19 
"People like us are on a battlefield, and Fang Fang is the most  correspondent." A novelist in Wuhan fearlessly critiques her government's handling of coronavirus.  …
Did the virus start in a research lab in Wuhan, China?  …
→China is covering up? ♢How? WuHan metro has been up and running for 6 days. They didn't notice me individually. ♢Who the fuck are you? They owe you anything? 
I have been to #Wuhan: A city of breakfast snacks 
As a man who is responsible for the technical works of Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, Yin Dian is ready to deal with the problems of the hospital 24 hours a day  
At the rate of cremation Urn ashes being disbursed, 35k-45k ChiCom dead from Wuhan Virus in Wuhan alone What about other ChiCom cities ? U.S. Intel Confirms China Hid Severity of Coronavirus Outbreak  … via @BreitbartNews
He’s one of our own so he must be assisted like we assisted those who were in Wuhan.
Well, let’s see... • FACT: Ground Zero for Covid-19 is the Hubei Provence of Wuhan, China. • FACT: China did not alert the rest of the world about COVID-19 until they couldn’t deny its existence any longer. • FACT:  …
Really? @realDonaldTrump issued a travel warning to Wuhan via #CDC one week after China notified #WHO and declared a public health emergency & travel ban on 1/31, only to be ridiculed. What were the #democrats focused on? Name calling & obstruction per 
This statement was made five or six weeks after the first evidence of human-to-human transmission in Wuhan. WHO continued to prop up the lies & praise China. Mr. Ghebreyesus. Do the world a favour. Resign now.  …
Meet Yifan, a 16 y/o student & passionate gender advocate from #Shanghai. Recently, she founded ForHer, a project providing sanitary products to female doctors & nurses responding to #COVID19 in #Wuhan. Read her #Beijing25 blog:  
Something is very wrong with CoronaVirus. We all know that Coronavirus started in Wuhan. The same coronavirus chose to go to Italy,Spain,USA,South America,Africa,japan,South Korea. But how did CoronaVirus missed Beijing?
The people of Wuhan are speaking out against their government for mishandling the Coronavirus and causing more deaths and mayhem.  …
BREAKING: #Somali president @M_Farmaajo pardons 148 prisoners in an effort  the spread of Coronavirus epidemic in the country. So far the country has recorded 5 #COVID19 cases since it was first confirmed in the #Chinese city of #Wuhan in late December 2019. 
Finally a light at the end of the tunnel ..People Back in the Streets in China's Wuhan, Where the Coronavirus Emerged - See present day Pics.  …
Also - they finally found Saddam Hussein's WMDs. In Wuhan.  …
westerners when they want our culture for entertainment: does no research, borrows at whim, mixes together cultures from thousands of years and miles apart, ha ha it's just a game why are you so sensitive also westerners: chinese virus wuhan flu wet markets
Watch this online conference featuring Chinese doctors telling of their experience treating patients with severe #COVID19 in Wuhan and Shanghai. Subtitles are available in English & French. Stay safe, stay informed and share these valuable experiences of frontline ICU doctors:
No region in Germany was hit sooner or harder by the #coronavirus than Heinsberg in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, leading many newspapers to label it the German Wuhan.  …
We in #India currently under lock-down, doing essential items shopping by maintaining #SocialDistancing.. Here is a pic of how people in #Wuhan do their shopping.. See the difference in #China Now, u will know how #China contained 
"It’s been a long time. Before we couldn’t dare  out." The atmosphere in the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, #Wuhan, is tense ahead of China lifting its lockdown on the city April 8 
5G is just below weapon frequency. It impactes the body poisoning it by makeing it produce viruses & I think coupled with a virus being spread Like Covid19 it increases the viral activity. 5G was rolled out in Wuhan, then in Spain & Italy. New York. It makes sense to me.
Leaders of our hospital emergency response team was meeting daily in Jan-days after virus was identified in Wuhan I saw them rushing down the hallway intently near my office Anyone nationally saying we couldn’t have seen  is clueless or covering up failure to prepare
Believe US intelligence at your own peril. That Satan intelligence should be telling the world how it manufactured Corona virus & spread it in Wuhan.
Life in China post-coronavirus is ruled by a green symbol on a smartphone screen. Green signifies the "health code" that says the user is symptom-free. It is required to board a subway, check into a hotel or enter Wuhan, the city where the pandemic began. 
#US national Megan Monroe who stayed in #Wuhan during the city’s #COVID19 lockdown, talked about shops in Wuhan reopening on her TikTok account on Thursday. 
In Wuhan when they couldn’t test everyone fast enough they used chest X-rays to confirm diagnosis as the xrays were clearly different. They prioritised tests for healthcare workers,  to find clusters. Why can’t our govt learn? They don’t want to! Still herd.
If CCP was reporting the truth, people would know how strong #Wuhan #coronavirus is, and would not say it's just a flu But we can only know about the true strength after Italy has turned into another Wuhan CCP has to pay for the thousands lives lost 
#China Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University said: All people  to the hospital for treatment need to perform testing for #coronavirus, and the family members of the  patients also need it. testing costs 600 yuan per person, only at their own 
“I want to revenge shop.” Shops are reopening in China’s #coronavirus center of #Wuhan after a 2-month lockdown. Here’s how locals feel 
A report on the new discovery of the origin of the virus in Wuhan! 
It is ok to stay at home becos of the Wuhan Virus pandemic. But it makes no sense if we arent spending in #YellowEconomicCircle when we are out. Below is just a screenshot from Wolipay, but clearly there are a lot out there need our 
Remember the photo of an 87-year-old #coronavirus patient and his doctor enjoying the sunset on the way for a CT scan? The patient is now in better condition. He played violin on Monday to say thank you and bid farewell to the medical team from Shanghai when they left Wuhan. 
I keep seeing praise for China’s response because they were able to contain it to only Wuhan. I mean, what? 1400 people are dead in *New York City* because they specifically could not contain it to Wuhan. China didn’t contain anything.
Wuhan Market is back????!!!!!! WHATTTTTTT????  …
Coronavirus Update: An Investigation Claims That The Chinese Regime Concealed At Least 40,000 Coronavirus Deaths In Wuhan: "The Real Number Is Only Known To Them" - Infobae
First they gather unlawfully Make Nizamuddin Wuhan of India, spreads the virus across states Shame Now they beat/spit on doctors/policemen/destroying hospitals
#Wuhan city has responded to Chinese netizens' proposal of carrying out free tests of #COVID19 of all its residents to find out asymptomatic patients in the city. Local authorities said they have transferred the idea to relevant departments for 
70% Medical supplies from China r craps. Make China pay for the damage caused by its Wuhan virus.  …
Postcards from Wuhan: residents tell the world to stay strong, stay indoors || Via: Reuters  …
#Stage3 in Italy , Wuhan, The US was due to "Community Transmission" #stage3 in #India will be due to "Qom-munity Transmission"
Wondering why #Wuhan officials invited 40k FAMILIES in the province Jan. 18th, then paid for some of them to go on trips? I doubt we could wrestle the guest list from #Shanghai, but I bet you'd have a map of the international spread of #COVIDー19 like clockwork. #smh  
According the the US intelligence, China systematically lied about the number of #coronavirus cases and deaths - just as it lied about the outbreak in #Wuhan and helped create this global health crisis.
Actually, they would have made the adrenochrome at 3B Scientific (Wuhan) Corporation. 
Oh wow...so Comey knew about the virus in Wuhan and would be sent out for human consumption...I think that’s what it’s saying
We saw  months ago. Videos of people dropping in Wuhan streets were real. They didn't construct hospital overnight as a reality  We knew Trump was incapable &  Some governors got it & are acting now. The rest MUST. FORCE YOURS to SHUT DOWN.  …
China deliberately glossed over the magnitude of Wuhan coronavirus outbreak: US Intelligence report  …
Fuck you. There's no debate. My N95 mask works. I thought Israel's pimps & whores were dripping in the viscous scum of brazen lies, wow, they have nothing on @WHO, you outrageous dog-eating, baby-girl killing, pandemic-making, filthy bat-eating Chinese Wuhan Virus ass-kissers.  …
With countries imposing various forms of lockdown to slow the spread of #coronavirus, the world is keenly watching Wuhan for a glimpse of what might lie in store for the rest of us. We addressed key questions to consider:  …
Some parts of the MSM are suddenly reporting that data from the Chinese Communist Party about Wuhan virus cases and deaths are massively under-stated. For most people this has been obvious since January.  …
Taiwan did not believe a word from the Chinese Government and began screening passengers arriving from Wuhan in December. The @WHO should have listened to Taiwan, not blindly accept everything Beijing said. This has cost tens of thousands of  …
This is the 3rd Ring Road in Beijing on Thursday morning. China is recovering from COVID-19. Respecting science - early lockdown of Wuhan, home quarantines, wearing masks - has brought China out of crisis. Arrogance and ignoring facts are unacceptable amid the pandemic. 
4. "Some medical institutions in Wuhan have found & received multiple cases of pneumonia. Wuhan Municipal Health Commission issued a briefing on this. However, some netizens publish & forward false information on the Internet without verification, causing adverse social impact."
2. Here's the translation:  … "The Wuhan Municipal Public Security Bureau reported on the 1st that some false information about "Wuhan Viral Pneumonia" was circulating on the Internet, and the public security department investigated this." That's the police.
Same military scientists who covered up the Wuhan O4 lab?   …
Read today that up to 5 million Chinese residents left the Wuhan region before China closed it down. They flew to many countries around the world. That’s a lot of poor Chinese people flying.
Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus' Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  …
Hey @ABC maybe stop the fear mongering? You’d have to be an absolute idiot to believe China. Five MILLION people were able to flee Wuhan before it was put under quarantine and head to neighbouring Chinese provinces taking the deadly coronavirus with them.   …
@PDChina: A thorough tutorial on how to wear the protective gowns shared by a doctor aiding #Wuhan amid #Covid19 
There are now  out that 42,000 people may have died in Wuhan from COVID-19, not the 3,000 claimed.  …
Chen Qiushi is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance' (up to 6 months). No written notice. No calls. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 54 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @POTUS @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
He would have started off by apologizing to Xi Jinping for someone on Fox News calling it the Wuhan virus.  …
401. China's #Wuhan Seafood market false cover's exposed: The #COVID19 virus was being manipulated in the #WuhanCoronaVirus laboratory epicenter. But why are the [D]'s inve$ted in "debunking" it? Media Matter$:  … Journal Publication:  
A 95 year old veteran battled Wuhan virus and won. "I survived the foxholes of Guam, I can get through this bulls**t". HERE IS A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF AN OLD SCHOOL AMERICAN BADASS ! THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE BILL KELLY. Paint my country red 
UK-based student, 16, brings the coronavirus BACK to Wuhan  … via @MailOnline what goes  around straight back at you
WATCH: Japanese Deputy Prime Minister explain how the Chinese Communist government covered up the Wuhan #COVIDー19 epidemic, endangering millions. Says the World Health Organization should be renamed the “China Health Organization” bc they parrot CCP 
Wuhan residents suggest that more than 40,000 locals have died from #COVID19. China's official narrative says that Wuhan's death toll is around 2,500.  …
Today we delivered 2160 N95 masks,2nd batch of donation from Humanitarian China, to @AfyaFoundation. They provide crucial support to medical staff fighting #COVIDー19 on the frontline.They were sending PPE to #Wuhan 2 months ago. Now #NYC is the epicenter.We #StayStrong 
“China turned what could have been a local health problem in Wuhan into a global #COVID19 pandemic and there will have to be a reckoning once we’re through this pandemic.” #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  #FoxNews
Top Japanese Official: Rename W.H.O. To ‘China Health Organization,’ Use ‘Wuhan Virus’  …
After Congressional Wuhan virus briefings , PELOSI Bought $5 MILLION IN Amazon stock . SHE MADE MILLIONS. SOUNDS LIKE DEMRAT INSIDER TRADING TO ME ! Paint my country red @TheJusticeDept @realDonaldTrump 
Push back dig in....... Rocker Sean Lennon Rips the Media for ‘Wuhan Virus‘ Double Standard, Spreading Chinese Communist Data  … via @BreitbartNews
Good news - The Wuhan Metro has resumed operations as the citywide lockdown eases after two months @JackMa @ShinKoyamada @AidanRGallagher @uclg_org @OECD_local @MAdelAbdelaziz @RobertoValentUN @ActorMadhavan @AUThackeray @davidnabarro 
Greg Abbott Signs Executive Order Keeping Violent Criminals from Going Back on the Streets During the Wuhan Crisis 
Virus erupts in Wuhan Govt keeps travel doors open Virus spreads in Manila Masks, test kits are not ready Deaths begin Govt imposes quarantine Cases rise Govt tightens quarantine Red tape, no food/aid People protest, cops arrest 21 President says shoot, kill People get louder
Nancy Pelosi was celebrating her “impeachment pens” when the Wuhan Virus was raging in China. Her bullshit excuses are old and tiresome. She’s been a disaster for this country for decades and know we’re all suffering because of her negligence. Disgraceful. 
Interesting study here. It's technical but the short of it is that the researchers (using Chinese data as well as data based on Japanese evacuees from Wuhan) estimate that about 2 million people (or about 20% of the population) were infected in Wuhan.  …
Wuhan doctor who went public over spread of coronavirus 'goes missing'  via @MailOnline
"Editor’s note: Nature has stopped referring to the 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) as the Wuhan or China virus, for the reasons cited in the Correspondence. The names that appeared in earlier headlines were used to reflect the situation as it was understood at the time."
In the end, though, it's important to remember that China locked down Wuhan and most of Hubei's population early on 23 January when the confirmed case count of the province was only 259.
Two shocking facts about Coronavirus in New York State: 1) NY surpassed China today in total confirmed cases 2) By Friday evening, NY will have more COVID19 *deaths* than entire China NY is worse than Lombardy, Madrid & Wuhan 
Wuhan was locked down in January 23. One thing keeps bothering me:  the other cities in China eg Shanghai and Beijing were not hit as bad as the cities in Europe and the US?  …
Chinese virus researcher catching wild bats fuels conspiracy that coronavirus originated in Wuhan's CDC 
One of the 5 million Wuhan citizens who were allowed to fly anywhere but homeland China?
 … President Xi is a DAMN LIAR! Leaks out of China tells of HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of deaths from the Wuhan Virus that THEY released! Their #1 goal, DESTROY the US economy. The Democrats colluded with them to DESTROY the Trump Presidency... #RayJPolitics
Adam Schiff needs to travel to Wuhan China to study the number of dead people there. Check each dead person one on one without a mask or anything.
#EverydayHero Congratulations! A medical staff, who was in Wuhan, Hubei province fighting the #COVID_19, proposed to his girlfriend after he ended a 14-day quarantine in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province. She said yes! 
ACTUALLY: as most real people (not media) already knew, the China Wuhan #coronavirus was released from a lab studying bat viruses, not the so-called wet market. But the media wishes to collude with the  party & deny  …
Uighur slaves series (9) This is an Uighur man who forced to provide service to Chinese in #Wuhan . #China force #Uighurs to work in epidemic to risk their lives while #Chinese don’t want to work. More than #3millionUighurs are now in 
BREAKING: Japanese Vice PM says the @WHO should be renamed "Chinese Health Organization, Taro slammed the WHO for reciting the Chinese talking points with regards to #COVID19, and insisted that the Corona virus should be called the Wuhan virus. 
London’s death toll higher than Wuhan’s (declared) death toll at the same point. And staff don’t have adequate PPE. The Government will take delivery of 30 new ventilators next week. Dad’s army would do better.  …
Hell yeah, send Acosta to Wuhan
Dr Charles Lieber. What was he doing in Wuhan from 2008??  
Mr. Telephone Man-Ep 139 Cuzzo doesn’t like local radio, Are you payin rent? Wuhan mystery, 5g conspiracy, Docious makes history....again, Tiger King & more! #TigerKing #COVIDー19 #ShelterInPlace  …
Over 52% of the respondents to @RepGosar’s poll voted in favor of calling the #Coronavirus the “ #CCPVirus,” the nomenclature adopted weeks ago by @EpochTimes. The #CCP is increasingly seen as responsible for the deadly virus that first appeared in #Wuhan.  …
Adam Schiff Vows to Investigate Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus ResponseNONPARTISAN COMMISSION?? ARE YOU KIDDING ME, ⁦ @RepAdamSchiff⁩ ?YOU, who tried to DESTROY our awesome.⁦ @POTUS⁩ with a fake impeachment witch hunt?NO MORE  …
A freight train, bound for Germany and carrying medical supplies, leaves China on March 28. It is the first train to depart from Wuhan after China-Europe freight train services resumed 
Wuhan doctor who was among the first to alert other medics to the spread of coronavirus 'goes missing' amid fears she has been detained for speaking out  …
So Tucker reported last night and The Washington Times jumped on board this morning to finally talk about the evidence in China that the virus came from the bioweapons lab in Wuhan...what took you so long? #CDMedia wrote about it 6 weeks 
H/t @Yangguobin. SHOCKED by the fact that NYT published a piece on quarantine diaries around the world, w/o even a mention of Fang Fang's diary. Her writing in Wuhan is the earliest and most influential account of what happened in the first mass lockdown  …
Fantastic Article! Gen. Spalding (Ret.): China must be held accountable for the Wuhan Coronavirus ravaging the world  … via @amermilnews
You want the truth? You can’t handle the truth! @moveon needs to move on. They don’t like that we keep #WINNING! ~ Grey Beard Bike - Infamous Far-Left Group Petitions News Networks to Stop Carrying President Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Briefings  …
'Disappeared' Wuhan Whistleblower Doc Suddenly Sends Cryptic Message | Zero Hedge  …
Whose tired of hearing Pelosi and  about how Trump has handled the coronavirus pandemic? Let's not forget they called Trump a racist when because of what was happening in Wuhan he wanted to quickly close visits from China to America. 
US accuses China of lying about number of dead from COVID-19 -- claims 42,000 dead in Wuhan, not China's tally of 3,000  …
"One Of The Worst Coverups In Human History": MSM Attention Turns To Chinese Biolab Near Wuhan Virus Ground Zero | Zero Hedge  …
The Wuhan Metro has resumed operations as the citywide lockdown eases after two months 
This is an incredible piece of sophistry. In reality, the CCP and WHO decision to hide and downplay the COVID-19 spread between late December and late January sparked the global pandemic. Millions left Wuhan and spread the virus around the world in that time.  …
Twitter banned ZeroHedge for saying Covid-19 may have started in a biolab in Wuhan. Now Tucker Carlson and Washington Times are saying the same thing. Guess Twitter's cover-up isn't working.  …
Does anyone else wonder about the epidemic beginning in Wuhan, where China has its biological warfare laboratory, and almost immediately cropping up in Qom, Iran, headquarters of the IRGC, Iran's terrorist force that's actively seeking WMD. Coincidences like that are too rare.
“Thank you, Teacher Fang Fang, for withstanding the tempest of smears and abuse." A writer in Wuhan and her struggle to document to the city's lockdown:  …
In January we knew Wuhan hospitals were being overwhelmed. We knew they were running short on PPE. We even donated some. We knew there was a possibility the virus wouldn't be contained in China. But our policy for the next month was mostly praying it  here.
WATCH: Japanese Deputy Prime Minister explain how the Chinese Communist government covered up the Wuhan coronavirus epidemic, endangering millions. Says the World Health Organization should be renamed the “China Health Organization” bc they parrot CCP propaganda. 
Every single day, the press wants numbers, graphs, guarantees— The sooner they realize the coronavirus from Wuhan China, is like a crime scene, they should be smart enough to know, “its a fluid ongoing situation.” They understand it, but that don’t boost ratings. #MAGA
60 Minutes Australia: Chinese President Xi Allowed 5 Million Out Of Wuhan  …
Their bioweaponeering program began in 2003, the same year General Chi, who advocated for a Chinese bioweapons program, stepped down as Defense Minister, the SARS (Coronavirus) outbreak in China and Beijing decided to build the Wuhan P4 virology lab.  …
Good. One of my final debates on the BBC (before they banned me permanently) was when I argued in favour of the banning of the Wuhan dog festival where they eat our four legged friends. BBC seemed to like the idea of eating dogs.  …
Just Investigate China insteadDemocrats would be in trouble thenShut up & sit down SCHIFFYAdam Schiff Vows to Investigate Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Response  …
This is a health worker (left) breaking down outside a Wuhan hospital in China, filmed +uploaded Jan29 by disappeared citizen journalist Chen Qiushi. Alongside a photo of a doctor breaking down inside the Cremona hospital, Lombardy, Italy just two months later (Paolo Miranda/AFP)  
Take a look people. This could give you somewhat of an idea of how long this could be going on. Keep in mind that here in the United States we have not implemented measures nearly as strict as #Wuhan for  …
Adam Schiff Vows to Investigate Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Response WTF! Let's investigate what's wrong with his eyes....perhaps that's what make him such a big lying douchebag?  …
Look at the Wuhan line on this new graph from @jburnmurdoch. The lockdown was introduced there on 23rd Jan – 69 days ago – which means this entire Wuhan curve has happened since then. It shows how long it can take to see the effect of control measures on the number of deaths. 
Not only has Communist China clogged up its airwaves with propaganda touting the country's success in taming the Wuhan #coronavirus, it has also pledged millions of dollars to the World Health Organization and in return has received public  …
Case Report: The clinical and epidemiological features of COVID-19 in 201 maintenance hemodialysis patients in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan university, including 5 maintenance hemodialysis patients who contracted COVID-19 disease  (FREE) #COVID19 
The fallout from this pandemic for Asians will be felt for a long time. I'm angry and horrified at the xenophobia I'm seeing. But here's one light. Comic artist, @heylauragao, who's showing the world the beauty of Wuhan. Produced by @aubriruth 
Is that your way of labeling the Wuhan Virus a bioweapon? How about we just deport all Muslims who hate America!  …
This is the face of a hero. It belongs to Dr. Li Wenliang, the first doctor to sound the alarm on the coronavirus in Wuhan. Wuhan police cracked down. "I realized… I would probably be punished." He then contracted the virus & died. Long live the memory of Dr. Li Wenliang. 
And subnational death tolls cumulatively: • London is where Wuhan was, but accelerating much faster • New York entering uncharted territory for deaths Live charts:  
#China could have been honest when #coronavirus first hit #Wuhan. They were not. A lesson for all nations: never trust information from an authoritarian state.  …
Now onto subnational regions, starting with *daily new deaths*: • Madrid has turned the corner • New York is now global epicentre of coronavirus. Every day brings far more deaths than the last • London’s daily death toll higher than Wuhan’s at same stage of its outbreak 
I join with @SenRickScott that Congress MUST seek the truth about Beijing’s handling of the Wuhan Virus. China has induced world organizations like the UN & WHO to be far too amenable to their activities and how they operate.  …
It’s been obvious for weeks now that a Wuhan-style shutdown was inevitable in the world’s second-biggest country. Despite having time to plan, government officials are putting India's urban poor in harms way  …
Life slowly returns to normal in #Wuhan, with stores and shopping malls resuming business after months of lockdown due to #Covid_19 
Patient Zero behind the virus pandemic may not have  infected at the Wuhan wet market. PRC-based YouTuber uncovers a more likely candidate: Chinese virus researcher Huang Yanling from Wuhan Institute of Virology. She has disappeared... Must see video  …
“China bad” for not totally shutting down Wuhan in December when there were fewer than *100* cases of then unknown virus and zero deaths But Florida needed 200,000 cases in the USA and 1000 American deaths per day to issue a “soft” lockdown.  …
On 1/15 , Coronavirus came to USA. Pelosi only cared about signing her phony impeachment! President Trump & CDC had already issued a Wuhan travel notice and then soon after restricted Chinese travel. Pelosi only cares about politics! Rt if you agree. Please follow 
China’s Corruption: @GordonGChang says China’s attempt to hide the truth behind the Wuhan Virus gave the world a false sense of security and caused the deaths of thousands. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Travel restrictions may have been lifted and shops reopened, but life is still far from normal in Wuhan, the original epicentre of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
China didn't reveal that the coronavirus could spread person-to-person til 01/21 By that time, Trump had: -Issued travel notice for Wuhan -Created coronavirus tracking system -Issued Level 1 travel notice for Wuhan -Started work on vaccine -Activated emergency operations center
REUTERS: Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) asks for investigation into disappearance of Chinese journalists who sought to expose coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan
Make WUHAN the last CHINESE import. BUY AMERICAN. TRUMP 2020!
Trump talks about a tent hospital in NYC build by national government in contrast to the 16 real hospitals China built in days in Wuhan.
China's decision to lock down the city of #Wuhan may have prevented more than 700,000 #COVID19 cases by containing the spread of the #coronavirus, according to a study published in the journal Science on 
"A U.S. congressman is calling on the State Department to urge China to investigate the disappearance of three Chinese citizen journalists who sought to expose the impact of the #coronavirus on the Chinese city of Wuhan."  …
Gen. Spalding (Ret.): China must be held accountable for the Wuhan Coronavirus ravaging the world  …
KYARI & CORONA VIRUS, ASO ROCK INVESTIGATES: investigation on going on how Kyari contacted this deadly virus exposes that he embraced a Chinese woman he met on flight for close to 30 minutes at Amstadam, this woman is from Wuhan China, nobody knows if this woman has died or not.
Adam Schiff Vows to Investigate Trump's Wuhan Coronavirus Response And so, the Schitt show continues...(opps it's misspelled, or is it?)  …
Three Chinese journalists that were critical to the world learning about the #COVID19 outbreak in Wuhan, prompting the Chinese government to acknowledge the crisis, are missing. For the sake of justice, we must learn what happened to them. NEW:  …
Not China. The  govt has murdered over 60 million people. They currently have over 1 million people imprisoned in concentration camps. They torture & kill their citizens & deny them free speech or religious liberty. And they COVERED UP Wuhan outbreak for months.  …
A very tough two weeks: President @RealDonaldTrump and his coronavirus task force say the country should be prepared for between 100,000 and 240,000 deaths linked to the Wuhan virus. #AmericaFirst #Dobbs 
'Cover-up': Chinese researched bat virus near Wuhan market - The coronavirus strain -- which has infected 856,700 worldwide, with 42,092 deaths -- mutated from bats believed to have infected animals and people at a wild animal market in Wuhan, China.  …
Within months of exporting Wuhan Coronavirus, China reopens wet markets selling bats, dogs, cats  …
This platform is sick. Has twitter been tested for the Chinese wuhan virus?
US officials assess true number killed in Wuhan approximately 10 times number claimed by China. That would mean actual number killed in Wuhan is more than 25,000. US officials believe this @RadioFreeAsia article likely accurate. Estimates 42,000  …
Wuhan Coronavirus is rising in Hong Kong, but mainland China, where the disease originated (this is interesting & learn more about it), it's just a smooth flattened curve down to almost no cases. Who in their right mind believes this charade?  …
Not so, John Doctors in Wuhan identified a new virus Nov2019, CCP govt suppressed news, punished 8 doctors who leaked information about it & one of them died of #Covid19 China informed US of Covid19 Jan 3; did not tell Chinese public until Jan 23. Meanwhile est 7 mill fled Wuhan
US Intelligence now reporting that #China has systematically lied about the number of #coronavirus cases and deaths - just as it lied about the outbreak in #Wuhan and helped create this global health crisis. China needs to be held to account & pay damages  …
. @realMikeLindell's reaction to @CNN's un-American hack, White House Reporter, Abilio "Jim" @Acosta calling Mike's efforts to help America through the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus a "PR stunt" You're pathetic, Abilio! 
Taiwan did not believe a  out of China and began screening passengers arriving from Wuhan in late December. @WHO should have listened to Taipei, not  …
is the WUHAN VIRUS our PEARL HARBOR? a TROJAN HORSE VIRUS?
Wuhan reports its first 'imported case' as Chinese student, 16, who studies in the UK brings coronavirus BACK 
Sorry, enabler boi. Executive branch saw what was happening & did nothing. We saw Wuhan citizens dropping in the streets & hospitals being erected overnight. Trumpy talked to Xi in December. He says he’d have done nothing differently even if Impeachment didn’t happen. Poof!
“Just two weeks ago the head of Emergency at Wuhan Central hospital went public, saying authorities had stopped her and her colleagues from warning the world,” the outlet tweeted. “She has now disappeared, her whereabouts unknown.”  …
Mr. Xi has announced there is no more new case of Wuhan virus in China but yesterday 1 Apr, 16 new cases are confirmed in Taiwan. Thus Taiwan is not part of China.
Do you know anyone personally who has the Wuhan Coronavirus?
#Wuhan has shown the process to restart #economy requires a lot of preparation and a coordinated plan. If #Trump wants a speedy recovery for #USeconomy, he needs to pay attention to what’s happening in Wuhan and get some pointers now, if he hasn’t already.  
‘The killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan’, claims research paper published by Chinese scientists  …
A construction worker revealed his "secret identity" as a hip-pop dancer,  an online sensation. He is one of the workers who built the makeshift hospital Leishenshan within 15 days in #Wuhan when the epicenter was witnessing mass increases in #Covid19 patients in 
Timing is everthing when you are at war... Same day Dems deliver articles of impeachment... the first patient carrying the Chinese virus returns to US from Wuhan. Imagine that? No coincidences in war. The silent war continues. But, we will prevail! God wins!  …
No @SpeakerPelosi just ripped up the speech in which the @POTUS said that we should be closely monitoring this outbreak in Wuhan as a potential health threat to America and the world.
President Trump’s task force  of the most talented professionals in the entire world to deal with the Wuhan #coronavirus. The last person he needs advice from is someone who can’t even remember what city and state he’s in on any given  …
VIDEO: Wuhan Scientists Caught Catching Bats For Virus Research in December 2019 - “This is a true battle only without the smoke of gunpowder”  …
*BURNING THE EVIDENCE* Wuhan Residents Dismiss Official Coronavirus Death Toll: ‘The Incinerators Have Been Working Around the Clock’ Wuhan residents believing the death count close to 40,000, not the 2,500 reported by the Chinese.  …
Wuhan would still be under quarantine & country would still be shut down if illness spread, hospitals flooded, and people panicked if models were correct. China reopening meant they figured out this wasn't the plague. Would not surprise me if intel folks lying to keep shutdown.
I'm angry. Friends & neighbors sick & dying. 2.9: days Wuhan's action bought China:  . 2.9: number of MONTHS squandered by US not ramping up protection of HCW, critical care, testing, contact tracing, isolation, quarantine. 
Wuhan China, Where it all began… 
Glad some in media are waking up to the fact  China lied about every aspect of the Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic. My piece from three weeks ago:  …
Wuhan Residents Dismiss Official Coronavirus Death Toll: ‘The Incinerators Have Been Working Around The Clock’ #Election2020  …
CHINA&BATSClose OPEN MarketsCHINA HURTS PEOPLE FROM THEIR EXPERIMENTSCHINA HAS BLOOD ON THEIR HANDSTucker Carlson: Chinese Researchers Confirm Coronavirus Linked to Horseshoe Bat Studies at One of Two Wuhan Research Institutes.  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Birx nailed it. EVERYONE thought it wasn’t that bad because China’s disinformation caused the Wuhan coronavirus to spread throughout the world. China LIED, People DIED 
The Wuhan city travel ban in  with the Level 1 national emergency response limited the number of confirmed #COVID19 cases to 96% fewer than expected in the absence of interventions, by day 50. Read the new study in Science.  …
HOT OFF THE PRESSES! Here are the number of WORLDWIDE deaths between 1-1-20 & 3-26-20 per malady: Wuhan Virus - 21,000 Regular Flu - 113,000 Malaria - 228,000 Starvation - 2,300,000 This so-called Pandemic is MEDIA DRIVEN against Trump’s great economy!
Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation was one of the original Founders funding the lab in Wuhan ... where this whole mess started ... and he just stepped down as CEO of Microsoft ... nothing to see here ...
#Gravitas | Wuhan is no longer the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak. New York is now the world's worst hit city. The Wuhan virus has brought a super power to its knees. @palkisu takes you inside the new coronavirus 
When they sent 42,000 external workers to Wuhan with adequate PPE including N95s, eye protection and full body protection —> zero providers got infected. Meanwhile doctors and nurses and HCPs in the US are getting infected and dying, daily. This has to change. 
If there is real intelligence behind the scenes saying China covered up the extent, why are we only finding out about it now? why not back in Wuhan when things were bad? What makes now so significant? After the U.S has 200,000 cases...
Sasse: The Chinese Communist Party Is Lying About Its Wuhan Virus Data  …
A4: Also, watching Wuhan to see whether there’ll be a second wave of cases and how the government will respond.  …
January 15th—The First patient carrying the Chinese Coronavirus returns to the United States from Wuhan And this is what Democrats in Congress were doing Remind me again who was “fiddling” while people died, @SpeakerPelosi? 
Another key whistleblower doctor on China’s false numbers has disappeared according to @60Mins. Head of ER at Wuhan Central Hospital , Dr Fen’s previously coverage in Guardian:   …
#Snowpower #winmetawin #snowballpower Win’s Chinese name is from a famous ancient Chinese poetry!“晴川历历汉阳树 芳草萋萋鹦鹉洲”It describes the scenery around YellowCrane Tower in Wuhan,which express the author’s feeling of missing home. As Chinese,we think his name’s beautiful! 
China’s lies and censorship cost the  valuable time to stop the spread of the Wuhan virus.  …
Tucker: Chinese Researchers Confirm Coronavirus Linked to Horseshoe Bat Studies at One of Two Wuhan Research Institutes WTF! Chinese experimenting with deadly viruses...let it get out of the lab! Then covered it up for months while people died.  …
The World Health Organization (WHO) reinforced China’s falsehoods, saying on Jan. 14 that “Preliminary investigations conducted by the Chinese authorities have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) identified in Wuhan, China.”  …
The undeniable fact is that by Jan. 14th when China identified the virus causing the outbreak in Wuhan, it was already too late to stop this wildly contagious virus from spreading, since people had been traveling out of Wuhan to all parts of the globe for over a month. #ChinaLied
Been listening to ‘respectable’ journalists quoting CCP official numbers for months without doubt or hesitation. Calling it the Wuhan Virus but only days later telling ppl who say it’s from China they’re racist. The official media have lost their legitimacy.
This just keeps getting worse. Trump coaxed her into assaulting her hubby with a bird house. ( maybe a Wuhan bat-house). When the guy survived that, Trump sent 2 guys in MAGA hats with fish poison. Trump really dislikes this dude. His wife doesn’t care much 4 him either.
Ai Fen, the head of Emergency at Wuhan Central hospital, spoke publicly about how authorities stopped her and her colleagues from warning the public about the coronavirus in December. She is now missing.  …
6. Sakusa Kiyoomi - he's disgusted by the government's hesitance to lockdown the country from the people from Wuhan. He hates how the government chose to send masks to China instead of using it in the country who still currently face shortage of PPEs. 
There’s little doubt that local officials in Wuhan did withhold information, the doctors who were talking about it were explicitly told to shut up. Concealing the truth - Chinese whistleblower speaks out on COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan 
So 40k deaths at <1% CFR would mean >4m people in Wuhan had been infected (of total pop'n of 11m). If 4% CFR, then still 1m infected. Either would require a MASSIVELY more aggressive level of transmissibility than we've seen anywhere from this virus. Not plausible.
I'm seeing a lot of people uncritically retweeting this report that implies China hid ~40k COVID deaths in Wuhan. If there's reason to be wary of China's official figures (and there is!), there's also ample reason to as/more wary of this number.  …
Informal Discussions Begin On 9/11-style Commission On Wuhan Coronavirus Response and what went wrong - Of course,  and  bill are led by ADAM SCHIFF and House DEMs. It is BEYOND the dems to help with solutions. -FU*K! #PISSEDOFF  … 
This family was on their way to deliver 50,000 urns to Wuhan morgues and then to go see their Muslim family members locked in concentration camps before they force their daughter to have another abortion before shooting more protesters in Hong Kong while eating a bat Big time lol  …
Hypocritical Media Downplays Wuhan Virus For Weeks  
At this point, intelligence services worldwide are aware this is a weaponized flu intentionally deployed. They’ve pinpointed PLA-BW lab in Wuhan. DNC/MSM actively working in concert w/ PRC.  …
Coronavirus came to America on Jan 15. Pelosi and the Dems were giddy over signing the articles of impeachment Trump had already put Wuhan travel on notice & banned travel from China days later; don’t let the Dems tell u they we’re payin attention 
Chinese netizens are moved by the before-and-after photos of Qiu Haibo, an expert from the National Health Commission who looks visibly weary after being on the forefront of the #COVID_19 control effort in #Wuhan for 70 days. Salute to the dedication of our heroes. 
Remember when some of you were telling Wuhan students to stay there because they would infect y’all. They  and how far with the no corona plan?skssksksks
Whistleblowing coronavirus doctor at Wuhan hospital mysteriously vanishes  
In the interim period between Jan 19 and Jan 25, 5 million people left Wuhan:  …
Birx explained this yesterday - that the CDC reaction was based on  out of Wuhan. You missed that because your network decided not to carry all of it.  …
Shoppers returned to a supermarket in Wuhan as the city loosened coronavirus-related restrictions. There have been growing concerns about possible "silent carriers"—asymptomatic people with COVID-19—across the country as lockdown measures ease.  
This is a must watch. "Tucker Carlson: Coronavirus 'Likely' Originated From Government Lab in Wuhan"  …
Sen. Sasse on the Chinese government's "official" Wuhan Coronavirus stats: 
Trump obviously believes that 2.2 million people will die unless he takes drastic action. Unless you think you know more than he does, ask yourself why he believes this--especially in the light that China concealed the actual death toll in Wuhan.
• It’s not racism to ask hard questions, to censure China, to expect transparency in the global pandemic response • WHO panders to China • Social media in China + Wuhan doctors on SM + Chinese users on Twitter are largely why we had early warning in late December and January
