Case of Dr Wenliang Li in Wuhan (accused of 'rumor-mongering') should have sensitized me to the overlap of free expression & COVID19. But this Seattle hospital should be ashamed.  … Firing a (much needed) doctor for speaking during a pandemic. Not a good look
A message from a man with #Coronavirus Our gov's are failing us Lockdown should've been 100% (like in #Wuhan) for 4 weeks during which massive amounts of ICU beds, ventilators & PPE should've been built &then normal life for ppl below 65 could have resumed (small econ. damage) 
Air Force Academy Reels from Cadet Suicide and Increase of Wuhan Coronavirus Cases  …
Anybody notice the address George Soros invested in this place... WuXi AppTec 666 Gaoxin Road East Lake High-tech Development Zone Wuhan 430075, China  …
From Ventilators, N99 masks to bodysuits, DRDO steps us its fight against the Wuhan Coronavirus: Here are the details  …
469 new cases yesterday. Imagine if we’d gone harder when China locked down Wuhan: closed air borders, contact tracing/testing, supervised isolation, social distancing - things we have now. But now we have 3635 cases. Go hard, go now! Foresight, not hindsight #auspol #COVID19Aus
How did Wuhan get coronavirus under control? Its tactics were far more draconian than those Western countries have deployed. 
ICYMI: . @TelemundoNews had no problem calling the outbreak the "Chinese" or "Wuhan" virus... right up until President @realDonaldTrump started doing it 
Please don't be an a-hole. We're in a good position in Australia, and it's up to us to keep it that way. We have to keep the country going while containing this deadly Wuhan Virus. We have to do it TOGETHER. WATCH the full vid  
 back to life after two-month lockdown Wuhan reopened six subway lines Saturday after a 65-day hiatus due to the #coronavirus outbreak. All of its 17 railway stations have also  their first batch of 
This is what a governor should do in a pandemic next to the state wity the most cases. Close off your border. RI Gov. has called in National Guard. No NYers Rhode Island Governor Tells New Yorkers They'll Hunt Them Down to Stop Wuhan Coronavirus Spread  …
He only shared what he saw and what he heard. Now he is probably under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 50 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
New photos from Wuhan reignite doubts  China is being honest about coronavirus 
Shipments of urns in Wuhan is raising questions about China's coronavirus reporting  
Now we know why those in Wuhan yelled out their windows: FAKE, FAKE, FAKE!!!  …
But why are Chinese diplomats, such as Zhao Lijian, allowed to continue spreading conspiracy theories on Twitter (e.g. that #COVID19 may have spread by the US Army to Wuhan   …
What happens beyond that point is history not yet written. We know #StayHome works. It’s working in Seattle, in California, in NY, in the UK, in Wuhan. The more strict, the better it works. If we had the data, we would measure it in R0 (how many people each person infects).7/
Xi JinLaden : China to Expand Pharmaceutical Monopoly, Keep ‘Unfettered Flow Of Trade’ - ( If my Wuhan Virus didn’t kill u all, my faulty/contaminated medical supplies would do the job. ) #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #VirusCinese #VirusChino  …
About to go on Sky News Outsiders, around 10am EDST. Not a bad show, whoever invented did a pretty good job. Please tune in for CoronaVirus/Wuhan Flu straight talk.
No wonder 52,318 got infected & 728 got killed by #Wuhan virus in NY. This clip explains why NY is the hottest spot for #CCPVirus in the nation. Lock NY down!   …
China's CDC chief says #Wuhan market may not have been #coronavirus origin: "From the very beginning, everybody thought the origin was the market. Now, I think the market could be the initial place, or it could be a place where the virus was 
Is there a bounty? "Rhode Island Governor Tells New Yorkers They'll Hunt Them Down to Stop Wuhan Coronavirus Spread"
Okay I watched a conspiracy video on the coronavirus being caused by 5g a while back...Many scientists said the side effects on humans would be flu like symptoms if they launched it. When they did, on oct 31st, 2019, the test city was Wuhan, China...weird, right ?
"C.R.E.A.M. - Corona Ruined Everything Around Me - Wuhan Clan"
Public transport in #Wuhan is gearing up for the end of the #coronavirus lockdown slated for April 8. The #coronavirus restrictions in most of Hubei province just ended on Wednesday at midnight local time. More @business:  
It seems some people have quickly forgotten that people from wuhan returning to Australia were sent to Christmas Island.. but at the same time they’ve shrugged off the Ruby Princess debacle..
China's efforts to blame coronavirus on a US army delegation to Wuhan infuriate No. 10 as Boris Johnson's advisers say Beijing's statistics on its cases could be downplayed by a factor of 40  
The fact that he is backing a  regime over the western world should tell you everything. Wuhan market is open today, dogs in cages, cooked alive, china needs to be held to account.
Lawyers working for the Chinese government filed lawsuits in Chinese courts this week charging the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, Defense Department, and White House for allegedly “covering up” the true origins of the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
U R referring 2 a lady named YE. She & others were enrolled in a phony course at Harvard headed by Leiber. Was really 2 develop BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS 2B jointly developed at Wuhan U lab. #1 story in the world & CRICKETS WHY ?  …
You're right @NYGovCuomo we must 1) Plan Forward 2) Be Proactive-Not Reactive 3) Get Ahead. It starts w/ shutting down NY's live (wet) markets - the cause of #Covid_19 & all pandemics. In #NYC there are 85 wet markets; are we the next Wuhan? @HealthNYGov @NYCHealthCommr 
Joe Biden refers to Wuhan virus as 'Luhan Virus' in shadow presser with pathetically low views  … via @BIZPACReview More words of wisdom from sleepy Joe Biden ...
Do we know if anyone in the United States is collecting this data? “The study examined 206 people in Wuhan who died from the virus and there were 63 percent more type A fatal cases than type O.”  …
Some Recovered Coronavirus Patients In Wuhan Are Testing Positive Again  …
Normalcy is returning to Wuhan. 
I submit we set up drive through Trump Derangememt Syndrome checkpoints adjacent to all Wuhan Virus drive through centers. That’s the real virus plaguing us for 3.5 years now.
#China reported 3,299 #ChineseVirus deaths, with most taking place in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the global pandemic But just one funeral home recd 2 shipments of 5,000 urns over past 2 days  …
To prepare for another potential virus outbreak, officials have set up a COVID-19 field hospital in a Wuhan  it's being staffed by robots.  …
The Trump administration did impose travel restrictions between China and the U.S. on Feb 2, 2020. This NYC Chinese New Year Parade took place on Feb 9, 2020. #Wuhan virus quarantine requirement is 14 days. This parade should have been cancelled. Now we are all paying for it.  …
I'd love to see the numbers on how many of those infected, ill, hospitalized, deceased from the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus had flu shots this year. Wouldn't that be a reasonable variable to ask to be surveyed? . . 
Photos are circulating on local media outlets showing vast numbers of urns at Wuhan funeral homes countering China’s official death rates.  …
China tried to hide it when coronavirus first broke out in Wuhan back in Dec 2019, fined the doctor who warned the public, lied that coronavirus is not human-to-human transmittable, and bashed countries tried to close border with China. 
Stacks of urns in Wuhan prompt new questions of virus’s toll 
Domestic flight operations in China's coronavirus epicentre Wuhan province will be resumed from Sunday: China's Civil Aviation Regulator (CAAC) Cc: @MoCA_GoI,  …
How do you say thank you China for destroying our flower industry in Dutch? bedankt China voor het vernietigen van onze bloemenindustrie! Sign this petition to demand China to pay reparations for #Wuhan virus damages.   …
The climate changers give China a free pass on everything. Pollute as much as you like. Now that China has infected the world with a deadly pathogen. Same thing. It's the Chinese Virus. Or Wuhan Virus.
We have 9 months left in the year. In order for Wuhan virus deaths to catch up with flu deaths, (let's take the median estimate of 36,000), 4,000 people will have to die every month for the rest of the year. And that is just to get to normal flu numbers.
In Wuhan! To dismiss this lab as having anything to do with the current coronavirus outbreak is ridiculous. There are no such things as coincidences.  …
“Delivery of 5,000 URNS to Wuhan funeral home raises fears China is underplaying nation's death toll .” There is no doubt about China’s lies and mendacity.  …
This video shows donning and  PPEs by China Health Care Workers. So many layers and steps! This explains why very few external HCWs who went to help Wuhan were infected. Hope these can be provided to our HCWs.  …
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  03
Thousands of Ash Urns at Wuhan Funeral Home Fuel Further Skepticism of China’s Virus Death Toll Bottom line : We just don’t know truth  …
Wuhan..let's not forget the beauty of this city,it's not a city that only associates Us to #coronavirus 
On CNN Cuomo just said the idea of turning New York into a Wuhan, China lockdown is ludicrous. “It would drop like a stone,” Cuomo just said about the stock market.
#Wuhan re-opens train stations, metro, signaling end of lockdown 
Some in media seem to be rooting for medicines not to work against Wuhan virus. That’s pretty gross.
WHO ignores implication of COVID-19 RNA on an air vent (best explained by presence of viral aerosols), and a paper showing viral RNA in sub-micron particles in a Wuhan hospital. It is a selective and inadequate review -- it is not good science.  …
imagine if we went into the Wuhan Flu crisis with $40bn in surplus...  …
America First Patriot Kris Kobach Believes Democrats are Using the Wuhan Virus Crisis to Push Socialism  …
Watch this train station in Wuhan, China get disinfected as the city prepares to end its coronavirus lockdown on April 8. 
#Coronavirus Crisis “ I am in danger but I can not tolerate any longer! All the residents in  are now in hospitals. And no beds and medicines are available. All the news on CCTV is fake! All Fake! ...I want to speak up for Wuhan people”  05
When Wuhan was close to drowning, Chinese-Americans stepped in to try and protect their FAMILIES, FRIENDS, and PEERS, as all humans would and should. Chinese people now are desperately doing the same for theirs — plus their “brothers” and “sisters” in suffering — in the US.  …
Creepy WHO response when democratic Taiwan mentioned. The #coronavirus crisis has confirmed how deeply this part of the UN is under China’s control. The WHO scandalously ignored Taiwan’s warnings about what was happening in Wuhan, consistently accepting China’s line.  …
does your blood grouping matter? here is some insider info not yet published-unknown even to the LOUDEST VOICES  the ABO blood group distribution in 2,173 patients with COVID-19 confirmed by SARS-CoV-2 test from three hospitals in Wuhan and Shenzhen,
Awesome: More Than 9,000 Retired Army Medical Personnel Return to Help Fight Wuhan Coronavirus These are Americans...this is what Americans do when there is trouble! They STEP UP!  …
@realDonaldTrump @VP @CDCDirector #coronavirusVaccine2020 CCP has everything under control.? We are getting word that right before the CCP Wuhan Chinese virus outbreak started "" Chinese citizens and Hong Kong Were about to start a revolution Then the outbreak 
On top of the urns, Communist China insists ALL Citizens carry a Cell phone so they can track them. 21 million cell phones have gone silent in past 30 days. Guangdong Province & Hubei Province( Wuhan City) + others in between have 40/45 million pop. Real death toll ?  …
America First Patriot Kris Kobach Believes Democrats are Using the Wuhan Virus Crisis to Push Socialism 
Death curves in subnational regions: • London climbs sharply. 96 more deaths announced today, curve heading towards Wuhan • Louisiana & New Jersey deaths doubling every 2 days • New York, Catalonia, Madrid, Paris the urban epicentres All charts:  
MSNBC states the FAILURE of the USA to react-in-time to stop the Wuhan Chinese Coronavirus from spreading in U.S. is President Trump’s fault... And that is why COVID-19 is spreading so fast in the USA What really happened?
Good time to remember, by the by,  from World Health Organization officials telling everyone to stop using "Wuhan Virus" - science says it's not helpful!! - were tweeted around like magic talismans by journos & pundits trying to shift blame away from China to the US.  …
If you have cared for more than 100 #COVID19 patients, or worked in Wuhan or Lombardy, tell me about your experience with allowing patients to remain pulseox < 90% without intervening aggressively. #covid4MDs
Urns in Wuhan far exceed death toll, raising more questions about China’s tally  … #ChineseVirus #coronavirus #COVID19 #Wuhan
#JNLearning from @AMAEdHub  #china #wuhan #covid19
Leaders in China (Wuhan) and Italy (Lombardy) botched the quarantine orders by leaking them, allowing millions to move before the lockdown and spread COVID Fortunately, that wouldn't happen in the USA because we have a leader who is deliberate, cautious, informed and .. Oh fuck  …
#Wuhan is the capital city of Hubei province in the People's Republic of China. with a population of over 11 million, the ninth most populous Chinese city. @spcd65b9 #Covid_19 Click on a country or territory to see cases, deaths, and recoveries  
Delivery of 5,000 URNS to funeral home in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan raises fears China is underplaying nation's official 3,300 death toll 
And, in China, millions fled the Wuhan metro area and Hubei province after it was announced the regional lockdowns were going to occur but before they did. Trump is, once again, doing the very thing that will increase deaths.  …
Imagine this guy, who almost gave his personal cell number on live TV (see below): 1) with nuclear codes 2) negotiating with world leaders 3) dealing with a pandemic like the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus 4) remembering what Jill told him he had for lunch SMH. 
#coronavirus, #COVIDー19. These are the appropriate, medically accurate terms for the pandemic we are facing. Call it what it is. Trump and Pompeo must stop illiciting racism by referencing it as Chinese or Wuhan. This pandemic is not an excuse of 
3/17 January 30: India records its first coronavirus positive. It's a visitor from Wuhan in Kerala.  …
Wuhan was the canary in the coal mine, as we keep saying 
As China's frontline health workers returned home from Wuhan, one city offered them a free 14-day meal plan. In another, cash was given to their families. In Guizhou province, they were rewarded with fancy liquor — if they bought it for $210 a bottle. 
This is something I have been anxious about for some time. Data are hard  by as health services are rapidly overwhelmed, but study of the early reports and case series from both Wuhan and Lombardy have led me to worry that healthcare may itself  a risk 1/n  …
Wuhan is a city at the forefront of China's war against #COVID19. It's a city of heroes. #coronavirus #StayStrongChina  …
#Wuhan quiet as government begins easing #coronavirus lockdown 
The Chinese gov. engaged in multiple cover ups when the Wuhan Virus began! Yet NBC & reporter Dilanian falsely reports our President sought funding for WHO! They also praised China in a segment on TV  …
57-year-old Wuhan market shrimp seller may be Covid-19 patient zero.  …
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) provides daily updates on the Wuhan virus with guidance for health providers and local public health officials. Those updates can be found here:  …
"The Wuhan I Know" by @heylauragao. Wuhan is not a virus. It is not an epidemic. It is a city you should know more about.  …
7 million people left Wuhan, China in January...after govt officials knew about coronavirus human to human transmission (and suppressed it) before travel was restricted (NYT). 7 million people.
Some Recovered Coronavirus Patients In Wuhan Are Testing Positive Again: NPR Under its newest #COVID19 prevention guidelines, China does not include in its overall daily count for total and for new cases those who retest positive ..[and] asymptomatic  …
“You want your country to take care of you!” YES, yes the fuck I do, because that’s how societies stay functional. Wuhan build a hospital in SEVEN DAYS when things got real. SEVEN. DAYS. That would never happen here, bc  first.
"We should not let China benefit from the Wuhan virus. This virus has been unleashed upon the rest of the world by the endemic failures of the Beijing regime: lack of transparency, lack of democracy, aggressive economic strategies, imperialistic designs." 
Surprise. Surprise. Looks like China has been lying about death numbers. Urns in Wuhan far exceed death toll, raising more questions about China’s tally  …
Congratulations to @metpoliceuk for going 2 whole days before making a ridiculous statement on the Wuhan virus. Report your transphobic social distancing hate incidents here!  …
"Ronald isn't it harsh to try and sell things to peole now they're at home because of Wuhan Corona? I spent a ton of money at the Supermarket and Pharmacy three days ago. They didn't tell me to take it for free. They didn't give a discount. Stop being timid . Sell your thing!
Urns in Wuhan far exceed China's reported death toll, raising more questions about China’s reporting of numbers. A single mortuary in Wuhan has had 5,000 urns delivered over the past two days, double the city's reported coronavirus death toll.  …
South Africa has 1187 confirmed Coronavirus cases as of today. Statement says a number of health worker have also tested positive. All citizens who were evacuated from Wuhan and have been in quarantine have tested negative. 
Stfu. You really think it’s possible to do this to every street in every city of America? This is fabricated for a camera to be shoved down your throat in the name of healthcare. Stupidity is overrunning America, not the Wuhan virus  …
Xi is worse than Mao. Mao only killed 78 million Chinese citizens in. Xi's #Wuhan virus coverup & lies already killed 26,586 non-Chinese citizens outside(29,881-3,295#).wants victims 2 thank4 killing & also profits from death ie organ harvesting & selling bad test kits.  
The Chinese government claims 2,535 people in Wuhan died from #Covid19 Yet, a single mortuary in the city had 5,000 urns delivered over two days Wuhan has seven other mortuaries - That could mean 40,000 urns being distributed in the city  …
#Wuhan resumed operations of its subways on Saturday after a suspension of more than two months due to the epidemic. Six metro lines started reopening to the public as part of the city's efforts to resume normal production and life.  #coronavirus 
Also the massive cloud of Sulfer Dioxide that spread out across and outside Wuhan in late February. Sulfer Dioxide is  gas associated with cremation. I believe they were burning bodies. A lot of them.
If there's one thing we've learned about this crisis, from Wuhan to Italy to NYC, when you give people a warning of a lockdown, people a) stress out and b) leave as quickly as possible, spreading the virus. We can only imagine what people in NY, CT & NJ are going through.
As of March 28, there are 1187 cases of #Covid_19 #Covid19SA. Also, the evacuees from Wuhan have all tested negative for the virus after numerous precautions and are getting ready to be vacate the Ranch Hotel. 
So now China refuses to allow discussion on Wuhan #Coronavirus in UNSC, blocks draft that called for “full transparency” over the outbreak.  …
This book was published in 1981 and the Author legit said that China has developed a virus in a lab of Wuhan which they will use as a biological weapon in future to help them  a Superpower. And for those who think this isn’t true, go google it, "The Eyes of Darkness". 
In fact, I believe this same happened in China. They announced there would be an initial quarantine of Wuhan, but didn't enforce it until thousands left in anticipation of the quarantine  …
On 45th anniversary of Biological and Toxin Weapons  into force, India invokes the Wuhan Coronavirus, calls for strengthening WHO  …
China’s Wuhan- what IS the TRUE death toll? 3 million cellphones no longer active  …
Kerala Congress leader diagnosed with Wuhan Coronavirus had escaped quarantine, could be a ‘Super Spreader’  …
China quarantined Wuhan, and other hotspots cities, mandatory mask too. Just shut the coronavirus hotspots NY, NJ, CT, or any other State or county. Don't let them spread this deadly virus everywhere. Do it today, don't give these people time to drive to any other State. #DoItNow
#Wuhan is open. Wuhan  back to life. Why ? Because Chinese people listened to their government and took precautions. They stayed home. They sacrificed their fun. They helped contain the virus from spreading like wildfire. THERE IS HOPE Let us do the same. PLEASE.
Any reporting about China's actions covering up the outbreak in Wuhan and how that cost the world about 2 months? No?  …
Only a Wumao wouldn’t want to listen to ⁦the @ElijahSchaffer⁩ and ⁦ @Cernovich⁩ sitdown on Wuhan virus  …
Oops: Joe Biden Accidentally Admits He Would Do ... What Trump Has Already Done to Combat the Wuhan Virus - via @sistertoldjah -  …
Daily reminder that the 2020 novel coronovirus is named the Wuhan virus & the Chinese Communist Party needs to be held accountable for the horrific way it handled the virus.
The reliability of China’s coronavirus numbers is under question once again in view of the staggering amount of urns being distributed out in Wuhan.  …
“Those global deficits, of healthcare, money, shelter, food — they are creating massive risks now. Risk that threaten our whole civilization. Risks so great that one guy in Wuhan can literally bring the world to a standstill, because of those 
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown The drastic measures that helped this happen   …
There is absolutely no way that the Canadian government did not have intelligence in early January of what was going on in Wuhan, China from sources other than WHO.
3 billion people are in lockdown across the world outside China. In China all domestic airlines routes open from tomorrow. Wuhan on 8th April. Factories starting, medical equipment exports rushing, & Chinese would start buying beaten up investments across the world. Sweet..
Italy: 101-year-old man born during the Spanish Flu pandemic now recovers from the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
China, apparently. Video search for Wuhan quarantine and police and you'll find some disturbing results.
Anyone remember those unexplained vaping deaths? Would their chest X-rays match Wuhan? CT’s?
In one hospital in Wuhan, doctors found that five of the 147 patients in a study tested positive again after recovery, Wang Wei, director of the city’s Tongji Hospital, told the state broadcaster CCTV yesterday.  …
Mystery In Wuhan: Recovered Coronavirus Patients Test Negative ... Then Positive  … #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronaVirus #ChinaVirus #COVID19 #Covid_19 #CoronaLockdown #COVIDー19 #Corona #CoronavirusOutbreak
Stacks of urns in Wuhan prompt new questions of virus’s toll 
Now i’m all quarantined up like i’m in Wuhan 
#WuhanCoronavius 1) Where whole world is being affected by this, why did it not spread anywhere in China except Wuhan? How did China's capital remain untouched by this? 2) Why did China hide from whole world about the virus? 3) Why destroyed the initial sample of Corona?
ext. wuhan mines, 2019 a man discovers a mysterious dead bat. after examining it for a few seconds he begins to eat it. we travel through his body as we see covid 19 start to form. daniel loptain’s score begins and a title card appears: UNCUT GERMS
I finally know someone with the Wuhan flu. My buddy Brad tested positive after symptoms. Stayed home, got better. He's 61.
Once upon a time under tremendous pressure a woman took a small test-tube home for homework. Later she went to local market to buy some wish. She slipped there and test tube broke. She worked at Wuhan Laboratory and informed no one. The rest is recent history.
Six metro lines in #Wuhan resumed operation starting from Saturday, a new sign that life is gradually returning to normal in the hardest-hit city. #COVID19  
China claims only around 2,535 people died in Wuhan to the coronavirus. And yet a single funeral home in Wuhan ordered over 3,500 urns. Another funeral home ordered over 5,000. There are about a dozen funeral homes in Wuhan.
#China resumes domestic flights to #Wuhan province from Sunday..
Urn deliveries in Wuhan raise questions about China's ACTUAL coronavirus death toll—3,299 deaths REPORTED in ALL OF CHINA, but just ONE funeral home received shipments of 10,000 urns over the course of two days, according to Chinese media outlet Caixin.  …
On 45th anniversary of Biological and Toxin Weapons  into force, India invokes the Wuhan Coronavirus, calls for strengthening WHO  …
Pleased to know #COVID19 Medical Supplies donation for from Govt are arriving at Islamabad soon.Those supplies are from Wuhan,China, which include ventilators,N95 masks, surgical masks & disposable coveralls will benefit more than 300,000 Pakistanis.Thank you @CathayPak
RT Remember Aylward was our source for everything out of Wuhan. He was the guy who led the WHO “fact-finding” mission there.  …
Wuhan, the Chinese city where coronavirus began, starts easing restrictions after two months of quarantine  …
The number of confirmed COVID-19 cases per capita in Blaine County is higher than the rate in New York City and is approaching Wuhan, China, according to NY Times data.  …
2/ This is a clinical observation study. It would be easier to evaluate  data on #COVID19 patients treated w/out AZT+chloroquine were provided. Instead, study relies on hospit/survival data from Wuhan & elsewhere  Weakness. But, overall looks promising.
Ep 81- Pandemic: Wuhan 2.0 (w/Rudy Giuliani and Steve Cortes)  …
8PM Lockdown announcement marks a disaster crossing #Demonetization 's stupidness level. This is Wuhan Lunar new year type situation. After building this chaos, now govt and twitter elites will blame this migrant workers for defeating modiji's grand plan and spreading infection  …
Phrases like “worse than Wuhan” implies that you know how bad Wuhan was/is. The idea such a thing is even knowable right now is *literally* Chinese government propaganda...
Folks, According to Sleazy, Creepy, Sleepy, Lying @JoeBiden: It’s not Chinese It’s not Coronavirus It’s not Wuhan Virus It’s LUHAN VIRUS! Throw the damn towel Moe!! 
Seems massive DELHI exodus is largely a 'FORCED EXODUS' Seems VOTEBANK ; living in free spaces with free amenities, has been DUMPED by Team @AamAadmiParty; as they wanted to "SHY AWAY FROM BATTLE " against WUHAN VIRUS Chinese Checkers is a Game @ArvindKejriwal 
Virus can’t stop border wall -  - @washtimes Border security is national security; AND virus containment. DEMS’ plan to capture illegal alien VOTERS short-circuited by the Wuhan virus. Nothing should hinder wall construction - U.S. sovereignty at stake.
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied "Around 10 days ago, basically every other day or two, there were people jumping off buildings.” Since #WuhanCoronaVirus outbreak videos leaked online show Wuhan  suicide, due to lack of food, money or treatment. 
"Nevertheless, some people, based on circumstantial evidence, are deeply suspicious that the virus may have originated in Wuhan’s PLA bioweapon research labs or its Level Four biosafety laboratory (which has been conducting research on the SARS 
“Don’t call it Wuhan virus, don’t call it China virus, bigots. You must call it COVID-19.” - WHO
1. The Wuhan bus study that I read in pre-print (not sure if has been published) suggests riders with masks were much more likely to avoid catching the virus.  …
When you saw the footage  out of Wuhan were you worried or did you mistakenly think trump admin would follow USG protocol and minimize impact on states? I admit I never imagined trump could fuck up this bad. Now I think it was intentional.
14/ I guess I am the only one who is bothered by the eerily smiling presence of Wuhan government consultant Elaine Chao and her hubby Mitch, who worked with Chinagate agent Maria Hsia to create EB-5, hovering over Trump.  …
A cargo freight train departed from #Wuhan for #Europe, on Sat, signaling the resumption of China-EU freight transport after Wuhan was locked down amid #COVID19. The supplies will be dispatched to France, Germany & other European countries after arrival.  
As the city of #Wuhan  back to life, many people are still concerned about asymptomatic carriers. CGTN's Tian Wei discussed this with China's leading respiratory expert Dr. Zhong Nanshan. 
Yes China is master of lies ,this time they have given #ChineseVirus to entire mankind. What they have done/tested in #Wuhan should be investigated by WHO .  …
"Some of those who retested positive appear to be asymptomatic carriers — those who carry the virus and are possibly infectious but do not exhibit any of the illness's associated symptoms — suggesting that the outbreak in Wuhan is not close to being over."  …
There are tragic events in history I will never forget. 1. Nazi holocaust of 6 million Jews. 2. Nigerian genocide of 3 million Igbos. 3. The Rwandan genocide of 1million Tutsi, Twa. 4. The Chinese Wuhan virus released against the whole world. #PraisesNuggets
A letter from Italy: this is what we know about your future — We are but a few steps ahead of you in the path of time, just like Wuhan was a few weeks ahead of us. We watch you as you behave just as we did. By Francesca Melandri  …
Urns in Wuhan far exceed death toll, raising more questions about China’s tally What else  China covering up?  …
It was on that day that a 35-year-old man in Washington state, recently returned from visiting family in Wuhan in China, became the first person in the US to be diagnosed with the virus.
One thing I wish the media would stop saying is “US outbreak worse than Wuhan / China” We really, if we’re being honest here, don’t know (and will never know) the true extent of the disease there.
COVID-19: Wuhan partially reopens  …
In Wuhan my contacts tell me they are using hotels as intermediate facilities to provide #rehab for two weeks while they recover. Then home. All expenses paid by government. Interesting!!
China's Wuhan reopens subway, railway station  
Very good point and apropos for elite Twitter's population of Wuhan truthers. Entirely possible real numbers are significantly different from the official ones. But the idea that the outbreak in Wuhan wasn't substantially knocked down is just belied by too much evidence.  …
. @RealSamFaddis: There is a possibility that #coronavirus is either weaponized, or that it leaked out from P4 lab in #Wuhan. The possibility of  and non-reporting at that lab is very real. #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
#SaturdayMorning Though they started showing up in 1910, by 1920 these were  all the rage. After the Chinese Wuhan Virus is this how we will see movies again? Future proves past, Same as it ever was. 
Bannon: If you're quarantined today, pension fund down, relatives dying — all of that is because of the biological Chernobyl that happened in #Wuhan. The world won't be safe until the brutal #CCP dictatorship is removed. #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus 
China’s virus numbers not believable in view of staggering amount of urns being distributed out in Wuhan. Chinese investigative outlet Caixin reports when mortuaries opened in Hubei capital, people stood in line for up to 5 hours to receive the remains  …
Watch: #Wuhan gradually resumes public transport services 
... expecting a surge at some point ... soon? XXX has a plan for this surge. We are well prepared!" I have seen very few tweets about any hospital, anywhere, being overwhelmed. I'm not trying to downplay the danger of the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus ... (more)
I am really struggling to understand why we aren’t trying as hard as we can to do exactly what Wuhan and Italy did/have been doing. We missed the window for a South Korea  but there’s like still hope. But y’all are STILL going to parties and Starbucks
. Awesome: More Than 9,000 Retired Army Medical Personnel Return to Help Fight Wuhan Coronavirus . God bless these Patriots ! .  …
Blaming China for a virus that originated in Wuhan is racism. Blaming American Christians for a virus that originated in Wuhan is Respectable Opinion.  …
The Chinese city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak first emerged, is slowly reopening after more than two months of lockdown 
5) In summary, Chinese students sending masks to Wuhan is not the reason why the US is so tragically unprepared. Support Medicare for All and rent cancellation and don't trust "China watchers" who don't believe in the fundamental humanity of Chinese ppl
Communist China blames USA for Wuhan Virus! #1 in pollution #1 in human rights abuse #1 in stealing intellectual property #1 in currency manipulation #1 in election meddling and funding DNC #1 in Sweat Shops that employ/enslave children BUY & HIRE AMERICAN
After Reliance, Mahindra and Vedanta, Tata group steps in : Commits to contribute Rs 500 cr to fight Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic  …
#Communism realized (at least) with ashes in #Wuhan. Everyone register first if you want to collect family's ashes. Then they divide ashes equally recording to claims made. Then everyone has an equal (mixed) share of it. If you don't register, you don't have any. 
Joe Biden is a crusty old man suffering from dementia ,he just called the Wuhan Virus the “Luhan Virus” which is like 20 years ago. Dems should be ashamed of themselves for this guy. 
5.4 ton of medical supplies donated to #Pakistan from China left #Wuhan on 28th to aid the nation's fight against #COVID_19. It is the first batch of international medical relief sent from Wuhan during the 
I remember thinking ‘try 10 years in the UK’ when the 1000 bed hospital went up in Wuhan in 10 days. Well something remarkable is happening at the new #NightingaleHospital in Docklands. Devastating it will be needed but shows what our people can do in the face of adversity 
Remember that whistle blower doctor in Wuhan?  …
Chinese authorities have reported only >2,000 #CCPVirus deaths in epicenter Wuhan. But this is disputed by: -Long lines to pick up ashes a Wuhan funeral home - 5,000 ash urns delivered to the home over 2 days - This is 1 of 7 funeral homes in Wuhan  …
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown  
A total of 100 tons of frozen pork imported from #Canada arrived at #Shanghai Yangshan port on Saturday. The pork will be delivered to #Wuhan, a hard-hit city of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, to help restore normal life for Wuhan residents. 
Wuhan eases quarantine as coronavirus cases in US pass 100,000  …
Joe Exotic would have put Wuhan bat meat in his zoo pizza if it could have saved him a couple of bucks.  …
I don’t understand the current scrutiny of Chinese people around the world shipping medical supplies to Wuhan in January and Feb. Like, everybody was sending medical supplies to China in January and February. Which was the obvious and correct thing to do. Can we move on plz?
Joe Biden accidentally calls the “Wuhan virus” the “Luhan Virus” 
Eh? We’ve moved heaven and earth to get swabs, including requests to PM. GLOBAL shortage doesn’t help. China is where the machines are made, somewhere near an obscure city called Wuhan. They may have had other things on their minds. Stop the negativity. We are ONE Gibraltar  …
People with larger viral loads generally getting sicker. Can this perhaps explain the higher mortality among: 1) Health care operators 2) In Lombardy 3) in the Wuhan Region?  … via @intelligencer
Urns in Wuhan far exceed death toll, raising more questions about China’s tally – Shanghaiist  …
Text message from Verizon: “We have added 15GB of mobile hotspot data to your plan at NO CHARGE for use from 3.25-4.30. No action is needed.” Is this Wuhan Chinese Coronavirus going to take down my internet? Can we FLATTEN that curve, please? 
Would you ask your physician to give you Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin if infected by the Chinese Wuhan Virus? I would without a question. #HydroxychloroquineSavingLives
This is a subtweet thread. A "China watcher" called COVID-19 "Wuhan Virus" earlier. I didn't say anything to  inappropriate and racism behaviour. I didn't want to engage with it, to amplify her voices, and to belittle myself into a nasty fight over bullshit.
Lyse Doucet(BBC) - Why were the G7 not able to issue  statement, because the US insisted on calling it the "Wuhan crisis." “If we pursue a policy of ‘my country first’ we will all be last.” 
The Chinese city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak first emerged, began lifting a two-month lockdown by restarting some metro services and reopening borders  
Modi telephoning Kashmiri students returned from Wuhan and extracting praises for himself & then broadcasting the audio transcripts on TV channels is truly revolting. Only a sick leader will turn such tragic moment into a PR exercise.
So Wuhan has open the city & metro after 2 months of lockdown Great Achievement! Today chinese Drs specialists in coronavirus ‘ve arrived in pak for 2 weeks They will advise our health care specialists in the light of their experience IA pak’ll Also emerge as a winner soon
SATURDAY DID YOU KNOW President Trump is to be  on the fine job he is doing for the American people during this Chinese Wuhan virus outbreak! 
1 above could be an explanation for this "mystery in Wuhan"  … @NPR @EmilyZFeng and @Amy_23_Cheng we ought to chase this down
I’m seeing people modeling length of lockdown time needed in the US using Wuhan parameters. What we’re doing isn’t anywhere near Wuhan did. Even the best we’re doing doesn’t resemble Wuhan. There are categories of action that were done in Wuhan that we haven’t even discussed.
All airports in Hubei province except for Wuhan to resume domestic flights from tomorrow.  
China's coronavirus epicentre Wuhan -where deadly bug was first detected last year - lifts lockdown travel restrictions for first time in two months 
Wuhan resumes China-Europe freight train service  
When the leading global health organization pretends Taiwan doesn't exist, it's as if it doesn't care how people there fare with COVID-19. Fortunately, despite @WHO's head-in-the-sand approach, Taiwan's government has done quite well. No destructive censorship, as in Wuhan.  …
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown  
The Crude death rate in China from 2019 is about 7.3 per 1,000 People. Population 3.86 Billion. So that is over 10Million people dying each day. So do you really believe China's #FakeNews numbers from the Wuhan Virus! #ChinaLiesPeopleDie #ChinaMustPay  …
In Wuhan, China, a very small proportion of those aged under 19 years developed severe (2.5%) or critical disease (0.2%), an early study showed.  … 12/
From early on, it was clear COVID19 spared children. In Wuhan, no children tested positive between November 2019 and mid-January, per an early @WHO report  … 
On March 28, #Wuhan Metro Line 2 censored Weibo posts indicate people flee the cities (again) in fear of a second wave...hope you brought your passports guys 
Just a reminder that when Hong Kong researchers looked at the virus in January,before Wuhan Institute of Virology published RaTG13, they found it differed from SARS in one key ORF3B subunit of the spike protein-that was also one Wuhan Institute had been tinkering with for years.  …
A guy with a bio lab in Wuhan.  …
Taiwan is not China. Unsurprisingly this is the same Bruce Aylward who visited Wuhan on behalf of WHO and confirmed all China’s stats. WHO need to be questioned on their role in this. @DrTedros @DrMikeRyan #CCPLiedPeopleDied
Will liberals deny it ? #XijinpingVirus destroyed the world economy. & now in #Wuhan, #xijinping is ramping just like this,on the"Ramp"of world economy. #WuhanVirus #ChineseVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied @LibertarianBlue @realDonaldTrump 
It's plain as day now, Democrats WANT people to suffer and even die JUST so the figures for Wuhan CoronaVirus stay high, destroy the economy and damage President Trump. IT'S OBVIOUS, don't forget this at the elections.
You may remember that the first ones repatriated from Wuhan were isolated and quarantined in Christmas Island, then nothing,  back from the US or EU were passed through, no issue, find your own way home and self isolate if you feel like it. A total debacle ABF!
COVID-19: Wuhan Partially Reopens After Months Of Lockdown  
Trains packed with thousands of passengers arrived in Wuhan Saturday as the Chinese city that was Ground Zero for the global coronavirus pandemic partly reopened after months in lockdown  
Chinese did it in #Wuhan, Ugandans can also save the Pearl of Africa. Here are some tips from Lillian, a student in Wuhan. #STAYSAFEUG I #NewVisionXtra I #VisionUpdates @cbusinge 
Coronavirus riots erupt near Wuhan as locals leave quarantine only to be told they can’t travel anywhere else in China  …
The 1st China-Euro freight train since the #COVID19 outbreak left Wuhan on Saturday for Duisburg, Germany, which is carrying 166.4 tons of anti-pandemic materials to Europe and is expected to arrive in Germany in 15 days. 
The virus is already everywhere. Pretending New York is Wuhan is stupid. The only reason NY has so many cases is because they are the only state mass testing residents. As of Wednesday NC had only tested 10k people. NY had tested 91k.  …
If you’re looking for a booster shot for economy once the Chinese Wuhan Virus clears .... could thing of no better way than implementing the FairTax on an emergency basis. Think of going back to work knowing that from that point in you get 100% of your paycheck.
Patient Zero’ Could Be 57-Year-Old Woman Who Sold Live Shrimp in Wuhan Market 
China has reported 3,299 coronavirus-related deaths, with most taking place in Wuhan, the epicenter of the global pandemic. But one funeral home received two shipments of 5,000 urns over the course of two days..  … via @nypost
In case you are wondering how Wuhan looks like, here are some videos of the magnificent city of Wuhan where the Corona virus started. A thread 
among it: -Wuhan rescue mission -Turning Tutong into isolation center -Bring back bruneians here and there -paid Place+food+internet -Cairo rescue mission -already free healthcare -building virology testing lab -additional new isolation center -early opening of temburong bridge  …
"I need to know from #CCP and #WHO the answers to all the fourteen questions and also fix accountability so that this does not happen in future." A great article to which I contributed a little: How #Coronavirus or Wuhan virus  deadly?  … #CCPVirus
Undeserved media praise for ‘secular’ Chief Ministers makes us less safe amidst the Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic, not more (writes  …
While you're under practical imprisonment in your own home, it appears controversial #5G is being rolled out en masse. Fun Fact: Wuhan ( #coronavirus), China was the first city in the world to have blanket 5G  …
This is extremely significant and likely to be missed by most. India basically tacitly called the Wuhan Coronavirus a bio-weapon used by China, in not so many words. Read:  …
flat mate just asked if i wanted to go to wuhan when this is all over bc she’s “heard so much about it”
#Hubei Province had removed all 1,450 highway checkpoints, except in Wuhan, to resume outbound traffic as of Friday, the provincial headquarters for epidemic prevention and control said Saturday. All remaining checkpoints in Wuhan will be removed on April 8 
Awesome More Than 9,000 Retired Army Medical Personnel Return to Help Fight Wuhan Coronavirus  …
We should not let China benefit from the Wuhan virus. This virus has been unleashed upon the rest of the world by the endemic failures of the Beijing regime: lack of transparency, lack of democracy, aggressive economic strategies, imperialistic designs.
China's Wuhan, where virus first emerged, begins lifting its two-month lockdown by resuming some train services, reopening borders. See latest numbers on CBC tracker:  …
It’s been 3 months since the first COVID19 case was reported in Wuhan China. The virus has since spread to 199 Countries and Territories around the world with a total 600,000 confirmed cases and 28,229 deaths. This is not a joke, Stay home and Wash your hands.
China’s death toll is likely fake | The number of urns at mortuaries in Wuhan far exceeds the official number of deaths, raising more questions about China’s bookkeeping |  …
According to Chinese government figures, 2,535 people in Wuhan died of the virus. The actual number of urns sent to mortuaries is far higher.  …
• The Chinese city of Wuhan is slowly reopening after more than two months of lockdown • The US now has nearly 105,000 confirmed #COVID19 cases • Germany doesn't expect to relax restrictions on public movement before April 20 For all the  …
Air tickets departing from #Wuhan on April 8 are now available for purchase. After two-month lockdown under #COVID19 impact, the city is scheduled to  flights on April 8 when more than 100 flights will be expected to deliver passengers across 
They are from Xinjiang. They just finished the 50-day work in Wuhan. After a very short rest, they left their families  here. You are true heroes. We are more confident now because you are standing shoulder to shoulder!  …
Some Recovered #Coronavirus Patients In Wuhan Are Testing Positive Again. This raises important questions about immunity. ⁦  …
This censorship is happening in Washington, not Wuhan.  …
It's POLL TIME again, my fellow Americans! WEEK 3! [March 28th to April 4th] Do you know any friends, family, coworkers, etc...who have #COVID19 or #Wuhan-like symptoms? The WEEK 2 poll will be linked below! RT for sample size, you're my eyes and ears! #TrumpsBrigade
#COVID2019 is ravaging large and dense #cities. But the speed of reaction determines differences in impact. Slow reaction costs lives. #Lockdowns imposed in #Wuhan at 13 cases/million. #Lombardy (366) and #Madrid (445) far further up the ‘curve’. Watch out #NYC, #Paris, 
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its 65 day lockdown  …
DA FUQ?! 30% of Americans r gonna lose their jobs over the Wuhan Coronavirus but DHS is importing tens of thousands of workers from China?! Trump's DHS Starts to Import 85,000 H-1B Graduate Gig Workers  …
From Ventilators, N99 masks to bodysuits, DRDO steps us its fight against the Wuhan Coronavirus: Here are the details  …
OMG, a Rare Canadian parrot attacks Wuhan bat handler. 
Caixin - a reputable Chinese website - is estimating the death toll in Wuhan, based on number of urns ordered by mortuaries, at 40,000. Nearly 20x official figures  …
In video: Wuhan subway relaunched operation after 65 days of lockdown due to 
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown  
Has Trump agreed that he and his team will stop using the terms "Chinese Virus" & "Wuhan Virus"? What about the other theories flying in the air?  …
12. If the model is truly assuming Wuhan-levels of lockdown, I'm worried about whether we can reach that, let alone maintain it. In Seattle, we're ahead of the curve but I saw numerous groups of kids hanging out by the lake last time I went out of the house (Tuesday, I think?).
They locked down the city and people still left Wuhan to other parts of the world?. Even if people left Wuhan before the lockdown,  none of them traveled to any other part of China?
10. One of my biggest concerns about the paper is that if I understand it correctly, it assumes that once a state implements least 3 of {school closures, non-essential business closures, stay-home orders, travel restrictions}, transmission declines as it did in Wuhan.
Chinese-Australians getting out of Wuhan were sent to fucking quarantine on Christmas island, a literal prison camp, and these fuckers  about being put in a 5 star hotel. get over your fucking selves.  …
Estimates Show Wuhan Death Toll Far Higher Than Official Figure  …
Here's an Oxymoron... Sanctuary Cities Like NY That Rejected Federal Law Are Now Pleading For Help From The Federal Gov While NYC’s Morgues Are Reaching Capacity From Wuhan Virus Pandemic... They're Still Skirting Immigration Laws for Criminal Illegals!  …
I don’t believe the reported Wuhan deaths at all. And if they are lying to look good, that is grossly irresponsible.
DISCONCERTING 5 to 10% of Wuhan residents who had tested positive earlier & then recovered from #COVID19 are testing + for a 2cd time. The concern is that they may now be asymptomatic carriers allowing further  …
That thread yesterday really hit me hard. How did a virus that started in Wuhan in China not affect Beijing or Shanghai or any of the industrial cities in China? How did the virus travel around the world, crippling economies but left the Chinese economy largely untouched?
Coronavirus cradle Wuhan partly reopens after lockdown 
Wuhan, the Chinese city where the coronavirus first emerged last year, has partly reopened after more than two months in isolation. People are now allowed to enter Wuhan, but not leave
So Laguna is now under a Wuhan style lock down and we all know that didn’t work. WTF is wrong with the government in the Philippines that they think this will work? #Laguna #CoronaLockdown #COVID19 #lockdown You’re gonna have houses of death filled with bodies and the dying
Wuhan has resumed the operation of several subway lines. Passengers must register with their real names before taking subways  
The first China-Euro freight train since the #COVID19 outbreak left #Wuhan on Saturday for Duisburg, Germany, marking the resumption of the service. The train is carrying 166.4 tons of anti-pandemic materials to #Europe and is expected to arrive in Germany in 15 
Did China DECLARE WAR On the USA? IS China trying to trigger Trump to retaliate? Is Trump keeping it quiet & defeating China by Shoring up US Economy? Was COVID-19 an accident? If an accident why did China allow it to spread & leave Wuhan? Why did WHO lie? Y did CDC lie? 
fuck all of you who chose to call it “Wuhan virus or Chinese virus” FUCK YOU
Life  back to normal in #China’s #Wuhan after weeks of relentless battle against #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Wuhan resumed operations of its subways on Saturday. Residents are asked to wear masks to take subways. Before getting into the subway stations, they are also required to scan the QR codes through mobile apps registered by real names so that their travel histories can be tracked. 
The problem with this stat is that it includes politely pointing out that Chinese culture permits the barbarism of #wetmarkets; the cooking alive of dogs and cats; and that #coronavirus was caused by some people in Wuhan eating bats and/or pangolins. 'Hate' shouldn't censor fact.  …
#Wuhan resumed operation of several subway lines on Saturday after a suspension of more than two months due to the COVID-19  
Hon'ble Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi in conversation with IAF's Sgt PK DHAKA Medical Assistant, who was part of the C-17 evacuation team to Wuhan, China. The rescue mission was launched to evacuate stranded Indian Citizens in Wuhan due to #COVID2019. 
When #Wuhan was locked down Jan 23, Chinese mainland had only 835 confirmed cases. Then 42,000 medical workers & equipment were mobilized n poured in from all over the country. Thanks to Rania's video, I start to gather what we have been through since then.  …
In Wuhan they are now in month 3 and still on lockdown,,do you think we gonna be on lockdown for only 3 weeks??
We arrived in Wuhan last night as the city reopened to  traffic after a 2 month lockdown. The coronavirus first emerged in the city in late December and its reopening, for China, represents a turning point in its battle against the epidemic.  …
I joined our “Neighborhood Watch”. Cause I love my neighborhood and Neighborhood Watch sounds better than Peeping Tom. (Don’t blame me for this joke, blame boredom and Mr. Wuhan)
Inaccurate diagnostic tools or something else? Some who had "tested positive earlier and then recovered from the disease are testing positive for the virus a second time ... about 5%-10% of Wuhan patients pronounced 'recovered' have tested positive again."  …
#EXCLUSIVE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks with Kashmiri medical student Nizam-ur-Rehman who was rescued from Wuhan, China and kept at Quarantine Wellness Facility along with 60 other Kashmiri students who were rescued. PM asks about his welfare personally. 
Wuhan eases travel rules, security talks cancelled, Indian migrants forced to walk home: @AFP reports latest developments from Asia on #coronavirus  
Can someone explain how #COVID19 with it’s epicenter from #Wuhan did not reach Beijing, Shanghai and Russia? 
THANK YOU to all the journalists in this dark season. You who broke the story of Wuhan. Who put out early COVID-19 warnings in January. Who crafted stories, explainers, graphs, charts about pandemics and viruses. Working around the clock. Persisting despite false accusations.
Some people are saying China locked up Wuhan and that's the reason the virus didn't spread to other parts of China they way its spreading in other nations of the world. But how did the virus get to other nations if Wuhan was on lockdown? China is hiding something.
they want. Some Wuhan people claimed that their relatives were cremated before being cured (who knows?). We think it’s too soon to make a conclusion. Wuhan people have been living in fear, depression and helplessness for two months. The unexpected lockup
sending wrong messages to countries (which shouldn’t be part of its duty). For people who think Wuhan’s lockdown policy is working, I would say yes, but it is inhumane and not the best measure. There are reasons for Wuhan’s lockdown being successful. Such a regime can do whatever
Wuhan residents cram onto a bus after public transport resumed in the former coronavirus epicentre amid fears of a second outbreak 
Indian PM Modi has reached out to Indian students evacuated from Wuhan. He has called them, to know about thr experiences, how they doing. #COVID
Shipments of urns in Wuhan raise questions about China's coronavirus reporting  
Prime Minister Modi talking on phone to Nizamur Rehman of Kaskoot Banihal who has returned with 60 Kashmiri students doing MBBS in Wuhan, China #CoronaLockdown #CoronaUpdatesInIndia #coronaupdatesindia 
Good news! The first passenger train stopped at the Wuchang Railway Station in #Wuhan, capital city of Hubei province. The train’s arrival followed over 60 days of lockdown and transportation suspension.  back to Wuhan! 
This is a pretty incredible stat. Most infectious corners of the world for COVID are: 1.) Wuhan 2.) Lombardy 3.) New York City 4.) Albany, GA (!!!!) 5.) New Orleans 
China-Europe freight train service from C China’s Wuhan, resumed regular operations on Sat, allowing more medical supplies and daily necessities to flow efficiently btw the two regions. 
This is a very important video from a German infectious disease expert, explaining how the people of Wuhan and Northern Italy have chronic lung disease from the filthy air. 
Italy: 101-year-old man born during the Spanish Flu pandemic now recovers from the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
I fail to understand - how the corona virus failed to travel from Wuhan to beijing/shanghai/Guangzhou but successfully travelled to rest of the WORLD
Here is the math I do not get. At the 72 day mark, H1N1 had infected 1 million Americans. COVID-19 came to the US in December from Wuhan. We are at almost 120 days. That means we are at least 1-3 million cases, 90% untested. That makes CFR .1% or less. It's basically the flu.
take a look at this video, looks like in Wuhan, but no its in Indonesia. 
Don't read this thread. It talks to the deceits used by China to hide the number of deaths in Wuhan. The Philippines, of course, is following the Chinese model. But we know, from DOH, the Philippines is a model country and yada yada yada we eat bananas.  …
Doesn't sound catchy tbf. Wuhan Coronavirus sounds better.
Coronavirus riots erupt near Wuhan as locals leave quarantine only to be told they can’t travel anywhere else in China – The Sun Update dari @KingAlFatih7  …
Hang on-they  back from Wuhan or Hubai Provence. We had to ensure quarantine standards from the highest risk zone in the world. Don’t bait racism when science makes decisions, given the first 20 cases in Queensland were all from Wuhan.
8) Why were 50,00,000 people sent from Wuhan "to different parts of the world" without medical examination? 9) There was a minor case in Italy till 6 February. Suddenly Chinese 'We are Chinese, not a virus, embrace us.' #ChineseVirus19 #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Can someone please explain to me how #COVID2019 spread to the WORLD from WUHAN but did not spread to other parts of China? And  there are supposedly different strains of the virus in india when the virus came directly from foreign travellers? #still #figuring it out!
1) Where the whole world is being affected by this, why did it not spread anywhere in China except Wuhan? How did China's capital remain untouched by this? 2) Why did China hide from the whole world about the virus? 3) Why destroyed the initial sample of Corona? #ChinaVirus
A nurse in a protective suit attends to a baby with COVID-19 at an isolation ward at Wuhan Children's Hospital in China. More photos of the week:  
Maybe people in Wuhan are just hoarding urns.
How did Wuhan get coronavirus under control? Its tactics were far more draconian than those Western countries have deployed. 
#FactsNotFear. Don’t panic over #COVID. As per Wuhan model, out of 300 infected, only 42 may need hospitalisation, 15 ICU and 7 ventilators. Only 2 in 300 likely to lose #FightAgainstCoronavirus and may die. Aged and sick more vulnerable. Observe 
Patient Zero’ Could Be 57-Year-Old Woman Who Sold Live Shrimp in Wuhan Market 
Joe Biden WTF is the Luhan virus? There is a racist term that Trump uses... but that's WUHAN NOT LUHAN. WTF is wrong with your memory? Does the Democratic Party Establishment really want to run this ill man against Trump? Are they trying to lose? 
Wuhan shows that mega cities can survive this virus (via 
Ilhan Omar Is Using The Wuhan Virus To Shill For Iran It is bad enough that Ilhan Omar has a penchant for blaming America first. Actively aiding our adversaries is even worse.  …
President @realDonaldTrump shut down travel from China in January to help protect Americans from the Wuhan Chinese Virus ... While the Radical Corrupt Left was only focused on the Impeachment Hoax! Best Years Ever MORE YEARS TRUMP2020 KAG  
There exist roughly four to 10 genetic differences between the origin virus from Wuhan and the strains currently circulating in the United States. 
Kathy Griffin showed up at my house tonight claiming to have the Wuhan & demanding a COVID-19 test. I invited her in, gave her a coloring book, juice box and a peanut butter & jelly sandwich. She'll be sound asleep in about a 1/2 hour or so then I'll take her home to her parents.
She suspects she became infected sharing a toilet with wild meat sellers at Wuhan's Huanan market (via 
What a pity they didn’t end up on Christmas Island like those from Wuhan.
On 45th anniversary of Biological and Toxin Weapons  into force, India invokes the Wuhan Coronavirus, calls for strengthening WHO  …
Canadian government scientist under investigation trained staff at biowarfare lab in Wuhan, China | CBC News  …
"One person can't change the world..." There's a person in Wuhan who disagrees. #PatientZero
The capital city of Hubei province is Wuhan, ground zero for #CCPVirus Hubei residents clearly angry after lockdown. Evidently protesters infuriated by how govt treated them, flip over police cars & swarm past riot control barriers. Is CCP's hold over  …
Renata Dessallien, the United Nations (UN) Resident Coordinator in India, hailed  lockdown in the wake of Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak 
China Claims #Wuhan 'Basically Blocked' #coronavirus, Reported Last Case On March 18  … via @SaraCarterDC
Locals looking up “Luhan” in the searches bc Biden said Luhan Virus instead of Wuhan and seeing this in the recent tweets: 
“If the rate of growth in coronavirus cases in the New York metro area continues, it will suffer a more severe outbreak than those experienced in Wuhan, China, or the Lombardy region of Italy.” 
Actually we don't even need to go that forking far We're reliving the plot of that Whistleblower doctor from Wuhan
This really burns me Patricia Reagan, who is, er, was on FOX, was FIRED for telling the truth about the media weaponizing Wuhan against Trump FOX has been slipping for a while now. Guess it’s time to go to NEWSMAX, ONA & THE BLAZE Bye FOX  …
In a first, India to begin antibody test to check previous exposure to the Wuhan Coronavirus  … via @OpIndia_com
Notably, these 4 retest cases do not show up in Wuhan's stats, bc China doesn't count asymptomatic carriers and retests. "I am baffled" as to why China doesn't include asymptomatic cases (some of whom are likely infectious) one of the Wuhan doctors told @Amy_23_Cheng
2 Wuhan frontline doctors got sick. Then they got better. Now they've tested positive again for the coronavirus. @NPR talked to them and 2 asymptomatic Wuhan residents. Their cases suggest our grasp of the outbreak in Wuhan is shaky.  …
Harvard researchers charged with smuggling 21 vials of research from USA to Wuhan China. The DAY BEFORE POTUS shut down travel from China.  
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02 #FBR
Hillary, Obama and Soros are working overtime Lawyers working for the Chinese govt filed lawsuits in Chinese courts this week charging the U.S. CDC, DOD, and WH for allegedly “covering up” the true origins of the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
US insisting UN Security Council call COVID the “Wuhan virus,” which China will veto, Russia insisting virtual Council meetings don’t count as official business — pathetic behavior while virus races across globe + global leadership nowhere to be found.  …
China has inferior food safety & hygiene regulations, specifically w/respect to "wet markets" in places like Wuhan. How do you hide that fact, & turn the Coronavirus outbreak into a woke morality tale about climate change & environmentalism? Enter CNN:  …
Media Deliberately Distort Trump’s Wuhan Virus Advice To Governors About Ventilator Purchases  … New York Times editorial board member blasted for mischaracterizing Trump coronavirus  …
No new confirmed cases of the #COVID_19 were reported Friday in Wuhan, the former hardest-hit city in central China's Hubei Province. Hubei has so far reported a total of 67,801 confirmed COVID-19 cases, including 50,006 in Wuhan. 
Dr.Oz drops a truth bomb on FOX : "Worry and Panic" will be worse than the Wuhan virus for many. THE LEFT MEDIA DIDN'T DO THIS CRAP OVER H1N1. FAR MORE DIED. YOU CHOOSE TO TANK THE ECONOMY AND PANIC AMERICANS TO HURT TRUMP ! YOUR THE REAL VIRUS !!! Paint my country red 
It's hard to believe I'd never met @AliVelshi @MSNBC before January. Now, after this #COVID19 nightmare has exploded, it feels like we're fellow war correspondents. Ali recognized a crisis was looming in Wuhan months ago, and gave me a platform from which to warn. 
51% of Americans approve of President Trump's handling of the Coronavirus Outbreak. The other 49% thinks the Coronavirus Outbreak started at a Food Market in Wuhan, China. You know the one? The one that's located right across the street from the LEVEL 4 WHO Biological Laboratory?
#Crossroads @JoshJPhilipp #China Faces Mass #Unemployment Amid Virus; Residents Try to Collect Family #Ashes "The #WHO just repeating everything that the #CCP said, lying to the world on its behalf..." WATCH FULL  #CCPVirus #coronavirus #Wuhan 
340,000 Wuhan Virus Test Kits Sold To Spain By China Defected - The crappy test kits were manufactured by Shenzhen Bioeasy Biotechnology r Accurate Just 30% of the time. 
Wuhan resumed the outbound and inbound transportation on Saturday after its 65-day lockdown due to the outbreak of #COVID_19. The first passenger train arrived its Wuchang Station, and metro line-2 also restarted to operation on Saturday 
Stacks of urns in Wuhan prompt new questions of virus’s toll  …
Lu Han: 29-year-old former member of the boy band #Exo, known for hits like "Monster" and "Ko Ko Bop." Wuhan: The capital of #Hubei province and the ninth most populous city in #China. In 1911, an uprising in #Wuhan led to the downfall of the Qing dynasty. #JoeBiden  …
In Wuhan, China, some residents who tested positive for the coronavirus earlier and then recovered are now testing positive again. 
Wuhan, China. Lombardi, Italy. Albany, Georgia. This is a disaster, overwhelming the limited resources of southwest GA. People are dying at the highest rate in the US. What’s happening in Black Belt GA needs to be a national story, warning, and call to action. #COVID19 #gapol 
Reps. Matt Gaetz and IIHAN Omar clash over the $350 million for migrants and refugees in Wuhan virus stimulus. WHEN AMERICANS ARE IN NEED THE DEMS CHOOSE TO GIVE $350M AMERICAN TAX DOLLARS TO NON-AMERICANS. HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT ??? Paint my country red 
A very interdasting read... HERE'S THE TRUTH BEHIND THE WUHAN VIRUS:  …
Disabling your car’s speedometer doesn’t eliminate speeding anymore than China refusing to test for the Wuhan virus eliminated the virus in China.
The third highest death rate in the world (behind Lombardy and Wuhan): Albany, Georgia. This pandemic will be shattering in rural America, where intensive care beds are especially sparse -- and where most of our prisons are sited.  …
Is that the same WHO that falsely claimed in January there was no human-to-human transmission of the Wuhan coronavirus?  …
#FightTogether An Iranian youth chose to stay in #Wuhan and made coffee for people during the novel #coronavirus epidemic. Now the youth's Chinese friends have donated 40,000 facial masks to his motherland to reward his kindness. 
. @nytimes reports Albany, GA has the 4th worst #coronavirus outbreak in the world per capita, behind only Wuhan, China... Lombardy, Italy... and New York City 
Live: China's Wuhan City resumes inbound and outbound transportation #COVID19  …
Kathy Griffin went to the hospital because she thought she had the Wuhan but the hospital refused to give her the COVID-19 test because her symptoms didn't resemble Coronavirus as much as they resembled a simple case of "dumb bitch".
There's no guarantee that current trends will continue, but so far, the New York City metro area has had less success in flattening the curve, at this point in its coronavirus outbreak, than Wuhan or the Lombardy region did at the same point in theirs 
The media in this country is beyond fake, it is extremely corrupt. Here is the media referring to Covid-19 as the “Wuhan Chinese Corona Virus” just 2 weeks before accusing Trump of being a racist for doing the same. Americans are tired of this kind of gaslighting & corruption 
Coronavirus Australia: Chinese owned property developer Risland flies more than 82 tonnes of medical supplies to Wuhan  …
Fox News is  joke. Firing @trish_regan for telling the truth about the Wuhan Chinese Virus is a disgrace. RINO Paul Ryan has destroyed a once-great network. Now it’s total garbage.
. @JoeBiden Called restricting travel to China xenophobic Defended Chinese COVID-19 Propaganda Disregarded experts' analysis on the need restrict travel to Europe Questioned whether the virus came from Wuhan Lied about POTUS telling governors to fend for themselves  …
Kathy Griffin: Help me Doctor, I've got the Wuhan! Doctor: Uhm, you mean Coronavirus? Kathy Griffin: Yeah, muh Corona. Doc: COVID-19? Kathy Griffin: Yeah, that's it. Doc: Ok, what are your symptoms? Kathy Griffin: My stomach hurts & my coochie smells like bat soup! Doc:
Also note that the 4% number is the percent of *confirmed* cases that might die if the hospital system is overwhelmed, as in Wuhan or Lombardy. The *true* mortality rate is much lower than 4%, but that fact does not change the calculations above.
10,000 masks from Wuhan University delivered to @OSUWexMed, sometimes out of the darkness, there is incredible 
Headline ('Shrimp vendor at Wuhan market may be coronavirus ‘patient zero’'). Last sentence. "Wei may have been 'patient zero' at the market, but it’s still unclear if she was the first person to ever contract the novel coronavirus in the country."  …
China continues to fudge tallying up new coronavirus cases. Surprised? Wuhan nurse: "It is extremely worrying to continue to publicize 'zero new cases.' It is very risky and it will turn the sacrifices made in Wuhan and the whole of Hubei to nothing."  …
What’s happening in Albany, GA deserves to be covered just as much as NYC, the Lombardy region, and Wuhan, China. 
What are the odds of a virus being released from a lab in wuhan China right after an utterly failed impeachment on @POTUS? And what are the odds that the same woman that impeached him for withholding aid to the Ukraine has withheld aid funds to Americans? WHAT ARE THE ODDS? #QANON
My mask to help me fight against the Chinese Wuhan virus that was made in China 
@realDonaldTrump @VP @CDCDirector #coronavirusVaccine2020 Chinese scientists claim Cov19 Started in a Biological warfare laboratory, in Wuhan china. The lab is 900 ft from the Hubei market. They claim this is how the first patient's were infected Korea removed the video 
Biden just called the Wuhan Virus the “Luhan Virus” 
I honestly think China planned this Look at how the world is crumbling America and Europe is down And somehow the virus didn't hit China's major cities, and even Wuhan is disease free currently
The coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China. Joe Biden just referred to it as the "Luhan" virus. He has no clue what we're fighting.  after he mixed up the coronavirus with SARS. 
Property/high rise developer Greenland bought up & shipped 1000s of Australian medical supplies to China. It’s Aust staff were deployed from normal HR & management duties to go out shopping for masks, sanitiser, thermometers and gloves to be sent to Wuhan.  …
Patient Zero’ Could Be 57-Year-Old Woman Who Sold Live Shrimp in Wuhan Market 
This is truly scary: “The New York metro area has had less success in flattening the curve, at this point in its outbreak, than Wuhan or the Lombardy region did at the same point in theirs.”  …
No sugar coating: “If its rate of growth in coronavirus cases continues, the New York City metropolitan area will suffer a more severe outbreak than those experienced in Wuhan, China, or the Lombardy region of Italy.” #COVID19  …
When did we ever trust the  out of China anyway? “Interviews with local medics and disease specialists reveal that the situation in Hubei’s capital Wuhan could be worse than the official figures make out.” via  …
Hey gang! Medical workers/1st responders on the front lines of Wuhan coronavirus/COVID-19 are working harder than ever. @blckriflecoffee wants to keep them caffeinated. When you buy coffee, they’ll send a bag to those fighting the pandemic Link->  
The Venn diagram of people who insist on calling covid-19 the “Chinese” or “Wuhan” virus and people who refuse to use other people’s chosen pronouns is a circle.
Wuhan residents cram onto a bus after public transport resumed in the former coronavirus epicentre 
Ladies and gentlemen it’s raining in Wuhan like TB Joshua said. Match is heading into extra time
Oops: Joe Biden Accidentally Admits He Would Do ... What Trump Has Already Done to Combat the Wuhan Virus - via @sistertoldjah -  …
I urge you all to re watch this, or watch it for the first time... Then please let us know how #Jacindazuela is going with her leadership of this Wuhan Virus smashing #NZ and the world as we know  …
Wuhan virus no more. Pompeo is now calling it #Coronavirus. Only a few days after he insisted they call it Wuhan virus in the  Other members refused and  was not issued.  …
When media presents people with random PhD as “doctors” to talk about Wuhan Coronavirus 
New bat coronavirus is similar to SARS virus behind deadly outbreak in China in 2003. Wuhan Institute of Virology initially agreed to share virus samples with Texas center but never did  …
Next time ya mention Nazi Gas-chambers, I'll refer to China's Live- crematoriums. This is how CCP stopped #COVID2019 pandemic at #Wuhan - by burning the #CoronaVirus patients alive! It's now a wake-up call 4 the world to remove China from being permanent member of the 
Latest from TB Joshua. The source (Wuhan) is free from the Virus. Prophecy fulfilled? 
You should have done some reading before tweeting! The Hongshan stadium was converted into #COVID hospital in Wuhan, China. The Maracana stadium is being converted in Brazil.  
It's possible that they are lying, but: Under normal circumstances China has a mortality rate of 0.7%. For a population of 11 million in Wuhan -> ~210 per day. Assume no funeral services were provided during the >2 months of lockdown -> ~13k "backlog" of "normal" dead
In Wuhan, 1300 healthcare workers became infected; their likelihood of infection more than 3x as high as the general population. When they went home to their families they became prime vectors of transmission. The city began to run out of doctors & nurses.  …
Media Peddle Bogus Wuhan Virus Stats To Bash America Many in the media enthusiastically relish the claim that the United States has more people infected with the coronavirus than China does, even though China's numbers are unreliable.  …
Shrimp Vendor At Wuhan Market Possible Patient Zero  … 
Disgusting ! Chinese Companies Reap Huge Profits Making Medical Masks After China Released Wuhan Cirus To The World - 8,950 Chinazi firms began producing face masks this year. One manufacturer literally described it as a license to print $.  …
Someone just sent this to me. TB Joshua said Wuhan is free from coronavirus. The Prophecy is fulfilled. 
Thousands line up at funeral homes in Wuhan, where #coronavirus began, to collect the ashes of the dead. 45000 urns were distributed in Wuhan alone, yet China reported only 3298 deaths #MadeInChinaVirus  …
!Wuhan transmission: "We estimate 86% of all infections were undocumented prior to 23 Jan travel restrictions. Undoc'ed infections were the source for 79% of [official] cases. These findings explain the rapid geographic spread of #SARSCoV2  …
Oh Wow! Chinese lawyers are sueing America on conspiracy theory, that the virus came from U.S. So, the Chinese lawyers filed lawsuits in Chinese Courts. Their charging for Disease Control (CDC defense Dept. and WH for allegedly “Cover Up” the true origins of the Wuhan CV!
Wuhan reported only about 2,500 #coronavirus deaths, but 5,000 urns were delivered to one mortuary over just 2 days. “Wuhan has seven other mortuaries.”  … @shanghaiist
The world's leading industrialized democracies failed this week to issue a joint statement on fighting the coronavirus pandemic because US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo reportedly insisted on calling it the "Wuhan Virus."  …
Anyone who thinks the danger was not obvious by the time Wuhan was put under lockdown on January 23 has not been paying attention. On Jan 26 @normonics @nntaleb @yaneerbaryam published a warning  … On Feb 24 the @WHO had a full report   …
Heads up everybody. Below is the #coronavirus death toll in Italy. Look at the dates on the graph. Italy went into national lockdown on 9 March. The effects of a lockdown take weeks  through. Italy was weeks behind Wuhan. Fiji is weeks behind Italy. Are we watching? 
United Nations: Close China's Wuhan & Other Global Wet Animal Market Permanently - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
. @seanhannity followers need 2 sign this "We the People" White House petition 2 hold #CCP accountable 4 #Wuhan virus damages by supporting @HawleyMOcoverup bill. Polish freedom fighters launched the petition. Making China 2 pay up is a global movement.   …
Dr. Fauci and WHO Director Dr. Tedros are both connected to Clinton Foundation graft accusations. Dr Tedros, China President Xi and Foreign Minister Wang Yi, huddle on 1/28/20 to discuss the Worldwide Wuhan Virus release implications.  … via @gatewaypundit
Sure they do. If only they knew we are neck deep in Wuhan Virus doo-doo now because Justin preferred lecturing us for being racists instead of stopping flights from China, Iran and Italy and mandating quarantine weeks ago But CBC will bury that story. Deeply. 
Michigan Democrat Haley Stevens is patient zero of an emerging epidemic caused by a brain eating strain of rabid TDS. Her affliction makes last year's strain of Rashida Tlaib seem mild  Michigan is TDS Wuhan. 
The people of #Wuhan against the police (they have had enough of road blocks). If I remember correctly, Wuhan is supposed to regain access to the outside world from April 7th 
Read this: Scenes from Wuhan’s Makeshift Hospitals for Coronavirus Patients: Like a ‘Death Camp’  …
Just how low will this trash bag newspaper go? The New York Times Blames Christians for the Wuhan Virus  …
People are still dying of #CCPVirus in #Wuhan Summary of the conversation (a man from Wuhan talking to his friend in a chat room.) My cousin died last night. He had a neighbor who came back from #Fangcang several days ago. He went to have a chat with that 
SARS-CoV-2 = a virus COVID-19 = the disease caused by the virus Coronavirus = a family of viruses that cause diseases such as SARS, MERS, and COVID-19 Wuhan/Chinese virus = an unscientific term used to signal that you’re a racist and an idiot
it would have been racist to investigate or quarantine  back from Wuhan in January because they needed the tolerant American freedom to infect their family members and neighbors
So Basically China isn’t curing people of the COVID-19 virus after all... China coronavirus update Wuhan lockdown reinfection reports deeply disturbing coronavirus development |   …
Based on data from several quarantine facilities in Wuhan that house patients for further observation after their discharge from hospitals, about 5%-10% of patients pronounced "recovered" have tested positive again.  … #coronavirusupdate
Fascinating how Seattle hasn’t yet  Wuhan and NYC has. Italy’s death rate is ridiculously high and Germany’s is similarly low. I wish we had more clarity and standardization on data.  …
Hmm.. Its "Very" lucky that they sold just before things went bad.. Quite amazing in fact.. Does seem that they were in possession of information before the rest of us. Which also point to the virus being man-made. Especially as there was a lab in wuhan  …
What a true and utter failure of our federal government. Wuhan struggled to find enough ventilators. Italy struggled to find enough ventilators. And it was all well documented in the media for weeks and weeks. Why have they waited so long to do this?  …
Doctors and nurses leave Wuhan after a long battle. When a country appreciates the ones who can build When the citizens bows for them This is why china is strong We only appreciate a singer , player, movie star. Hopefully we learned a lesson 
Data from Wuhan shows #cancer patients appear to be twice as likely to be infected with SARS-Cov-2 - those with #lungcancer are particularly vulnerable. Aggressive measures are needed to protect/reduce frequency of hospital visits  @JAMAOnc #COVID19
Not clear which is worse, this moronic religious belief or his stupidity...ie. synagogues likely not relevant in Wuhan, Italy...On other hand, Rabbi Eliezer Berland claims Coronavirus is only for "Goyim", not Israel. Hard not to recall Hitchens claim:"Religion Poisons Everything"  …
You can be immensely skeptical of the official coronavirus numbers from China and still recognize that circumstantial evidence suggests the Wuhan outbreak does appear to have been contained and have subsided.
COVID-19 Part 2 The Fall Cabal. Bioengineered pandemic. Don't take the vaccine unless President Trump says it's okay. Pre-planned pandemic. Depopulate the earth. UN/WHO/GATES. Designed for rapid spread. WHO left from Tianhe Airport in Wuhan? Infect certain democratic countries? 
The melee erupted when Jiangxi police stopped Hubei residents from crossing a bridge linking the two provinces. Authorities have begun lifting travel restrictions on Hubei & its capital #Wuhan.The #COVID19 now spreading around globe first emerged in Wuhan late last year 
China's Totally Got the Wuhan Flu Beaten and the Transmission Rate is Only 0.055 Per Million And Oh Yeah, They Just Ordered All Their Cinemas Closed Again And Oh Yeah, There's Open Rioting as Provinces Set Up Barricades to Seal Themselves Off 
This study from Wuhan showed <37days! "The longest observed duration of viral shedding in survivors was 37 days."  …
Of those tested in Wuhan during the height of the outbreak, 1 in 3 tested was positive  …
Is it possible Jeremy Corbyn gave Boris Johnson the Coronavirus? 'Well does have holiday home in Wuhan!' 
People are dying from #ChineseBioterrorism in #Italy and #Spain,praying for God to save them. The world,human being are so stupid to keep silence over #ChineseVirus19 war against humanity. #coronavirus #DeborahBirx #ImAwakeThisLateBecause #ChinaLiesPeopleDie #wuhan 
The MSM have used the Wuhan coronavirus to fabricate new narratives of outrage at ordinary people doing ordinary things which has led to the erosion of our freedom. Read my article in the  …
It makes absolutely no sense  U.S. case numbers to China's, not even because we don't know what China's numbers actually are. They had one patient zero in Wuhan. There's no telling how many patient zeros we had.
Good reporting by Bloomberg from Wuhan. Reporter went to funeral homes and saw huge numbers of cremation urns, far more than the official death toll.  …
5 Major Paradigm Shifts The Wuhan Flu Crisis Has Revealed Americans Need: 1. Communist China Is a Global Menace 2. Coronavirus Starkly Illustrates Globalism’s Downsides 3. We Must Establish Principles for Dealing with Crises 4. The GOP Needs a Real Response for Democrats’ Games
A family of 7 in #Wuhan contracted #coronavirus a month ago, and all members checked into hospital, leaving their 2-year-old pregnant cat with enough food and water supplies. When they got home, the mommy had 4 beautiful babies and the fish tank is 
"Give me the damn virus. Send me to Wuhan to clean toilets. At this point I really don't care. Just get me out of this house." 
Did you have anything to do with releasing the Wuhan Virus, Asshole?  …
Here is the forever spiteful Hillary Clinton being a cheerleader for the Wuhan Virus. I’ll bet she wishes the virus were around in August, 2019. Sure as hell would’ve made for a much cleaner cover-up for Jeffrey Epstein’s murder.  …
Say what you want about Alibaba (I have, and can link to bylines doing just that) - they gave their grocery delivery drivers in Wuhan masks and disinfectant spray for their routes pretty early on- like days into Wuhan's lockdown.  …
This is what we are putting up and running at @WCKitchen Hugh....is what happen in Wuhan etc....  …
Firemen and first responders in New York are waiting in line with illegal aliens to get their Wuhan virus tests and also waiting days for the results. Giving illegals the same priority as our bravest and finest citizens is reprehensible, Governor Cuomo. Shame on you.
Baba TB Joshua said Wuhan is free from coronavirus. The Prophecy is done and dusted! 
An incredible, must-read story The WSJ spoke to the first person diagnosed with coronavirus at the wet market in Wuhan in December She spoke to them on-record and criticized the government of China! Great work by @JNBPage @natashakhanhk @xinwenfan  
Apa? oknum pemerintah CCP China bilang Amerika taro Covoid-19 di Wuhan?The United States now has the highest number of known cases of coronavirus in the world, with more than 85,000
China set up 16 temporary hospitals like this in Wuhan, the epicentre of the COVID-19 outbreak, including building two new hospitals. This needs to happen across major US cities to manage the crisis. Those temp hospitals in Wuhan have closed now as existing hospitals can manage  …
In this magazine, we  a timeline of events regarding the #CCP's actions since the #CoronavirusOutbreak began in #Wuhan, 
China state media praises regime's "generosity" & "leadership" in handling coronavirus—after Beijing censored news reports, harassed citizen journalists, shut down news sites & dragged Wuhan Dr. Li Wenliang to midnight interrogation for sounding the alarm.  …
The issues now being discussed in addition to travel advice (direct flights from Wuhan had stopped five days earlier) were about face masks and PPE. 15/n
Can anybody out there tweet to say that they actually, personally know somebody who got Wuhan?
Risk of disease having wide impact was raised to moderate although the risk to UK still assessed as low. Discussion was largely about flights from Wuhan and whether people should be screened when leaving or asked to confirm had no symptoms (they were screened on departure). 8/n
#MadeInChina #ProjectWuhan is calling this viral pandemic exactly what it is. The pandemic & economic collapse across the globe started in Wuhan, China! It’s not racism, this is war, China started it & MSM is helping China.  …
The first modelling from the Imperial College team estimated that there had been up to 2,500 cases in Wuhan but they still new little about the role of animals in transmission, infectiousness in relation to symptom onset, and whether asymptomatic patients were infectious.9/n
Wuhan residents cram onto a bus after public transport resumed in the former coronavirus epicentre 
#Gravitas | The number of Wuhan Coronavirus cases worldwide has crossed 5 lakh @palkisu gets you the latest 
Wuhan probably is the safest place on earth right now!
The 57-year-old seafood merchant, who has now been described as a likely “patient zero," began feeling sick on Dec. 10 and later became one of dozens of workers at Wuhan’s Huanan Market who were diagnosed with the virus. 
Three points that were being regularly pushed globally.. 1. Masks are not required to protect against Wuhan Virus. 2. Only elder people are affected. 3. Aeroplanes are safe to fly. Was it done deliberately to help spread the virus? #ChineseVirus19
She suspects she became infected sharing a toilet with wild meat sellers at Wuhan's Huanan market (via 
Unless someone at the White House calls the Treasury Secretary and tells him to verify the Social Security numbers of people getting Wuhan virus relief checks, millions of dollars are likely to be mailed to illegal aliens.  … via @CIS_org
#China #CCPVirus originated due to accidental leak of novel #coronavirus fm #Wuhan #P4Lab Best fm @Chellaney “Today’s China-originating pandemic has created an acute international crisis akin to wartime.The world will not be the same after the  …
The Wuhan Virus "We still do not know when, where and how this horror will end. There is one thing however that the rest of the world must ensure that there is international accountability for this criminal act". - @Vikram_Sood  … via @orfonline
Biological warfare has featured in history from Barbarossa who poisoned water wells in Italy to Anthrax in world wars. So, was Wuhan Virus just another in this list of horrendous experiments of eliminating enemy or was it noble experiment that went wrong?  …
The Italian government has no discernible strategy for dealing with coronavirus. It failed early on to test arrivals from Wuhan, even after banning flights from China. Its current policy is reactive and is getting ever more draconian, says  …
The Wuhan Virus and India. A brilliant read overall. Sharing a para that I found very relevant.  
New York Councilman Mark Levine said on CNN that places across China sent their support, such as medical supplies and thousands of medical professionals, to Wuhan during the epidemic. Now New York is Wuhan, but it does not such a scene. 
Here's the FBI statement announcing Harvard Professor #CharlesLieber's arrest on January 28: "Unbeknownst to Harvard University beginning in 2011, Lieber became a 'Strategic Scientist' at Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) in China. . . ."  … #Wuhan
Bill Gates advocates Wuhan-style lockdown: "If we do it right, we'll only have to do it once for 6 to 10 weeks" ... "Basically the whole country needs to do what was done in the part of China where they had these infections"  
I see a lot of penned up anger because of China #CCP oppression, not just #Wuhan virus. Emperor Xi imitates Mao, but failed to realize China's virus coverup could start prairie fires everywhere in China.  …
Pakistan violates all human rights conventions: Forcibly sends Wuhan virus-infected patients to Gilgit and POJK in Army trucks  … via @eOrganiser
SHOCKER. About 80% of Wuhan Virus Tests Manufactured in China Don't Give Accurate Results  …
I doubt anyone that follows me on Twitter needs to hear this from me but: The US, with 1/3 the pop of China now has more infections than they've had, and we haven't done anything CLOSE to what China did with locking down Wuhan and Hubei province.
When someone mentions Wuhan, remind them of 
It's just an early stage sketch, but to rebuild the US China relationship, what if we offered this to our friends in Wuhan as a memorial to  struggle against corona 
Even if China's numbers were fake, GPS data gathered by Tom Tom directly from cars show traffic in China (ex-Wuhan and ex-weekends) is almost back to normal. Weekends are dead though, and so is Wuhan. Traffic data available here:  
Many are skeptical of China's tallies given Wuhan’s overwhelmed medical system and authorities’ initial attempts to cover up the outbreak  …
Something which came into my mind Remember in China The Virus never Crossed Wuhan or its border Whereas the rest of the world Virus is being spread all over the places states and cities but now Chinese government gave a report that 74K Recovered?? Something isn't right here!!
China Locked down Entire Wuhan but let people flee to other countries Very Very FISHY !!! Beijing and Shanghai so nearer to Wuhan didn't report many cases and they are successful in Containing the Virus Practically Impossible China MADARCHODDDD
Tom Cotton: A Reckoning is Coming for China As it  crystal clear the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) lied about Wuhan coronavirus back in Dec 2019, leading to the spread of the deadly disease throughout the world.. @KatiePavlich|  …
Mark my words, next up from WHO: "Some say the virus is a US-made bioweapon that was secretly introduced into Wuhan."
Wuhan continues to provision its eleven million residents as the end to lockdown is around the corner. Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip to the food supply chain  against epidemic. #WuhanToday epi.12 
Did Bloomberg & de Blasio push America's greatest city toward disaster before the Wuhan Virus hit? Read @joelkotkin in  …
#BREAKING: Starting Sunday, #Hubei Province airports will resume flight services except for #Wuhan Tianhe International Airport as the #COVID19 pandemic is gradually contained. The Wuhan hub will resume services on April 8: authority 
If I had a key to that trackhoe, I’d dig a hole all the way to Wuhan and bury this damn thing... 
I think Fauci is an ass. He nvr backs Trump up, always has a minor quibble or smug correction. He treats POTUS w irony, which is how an ass shows disrespect. (Fauci also refuses to call it "China" or "Wuhan" virus but has no prob naming all other viruses after point of origin.)
Reports of urns stacked at Wuhan funeral homes raise questions about the #coronavirus death toll in  …
The long lines and stacks of ash urns greeting family members of the dead at funeral homes in Wuhan are spurring questions about the true scale of coronavirus casualties at the epicenter of the outbreak 
“I’ve already cried all of my tears,” one Wuhan resident told @caixin collecting the urn of her father. “The only thing I want now is to give Dad a good sendoff.”  …
This is a Democrat Congresswoman. Don't be scared of the Wuhan CoronaVirus, be scared of the total lunatics in charge! 
"The long lines and stacks of ash urns greeting family members of the dead at funeral homes in Wuhan are spurring questions about the true scale of coronavirus casualties..."  …
It's plain as day now, Democrats WANT people to suffer and even die JUST so the figures for Wuhan CoronaVirus stay high, destroy the economy and damage President Trump. IT'S OBVIOUS, don't forget this at the elections!
The New York Times knows who is to blame for this global pandemic that started in Wuhan, China: It’s those deplorable Trump-supporting Christians! 
In Wuhan, some residents who tested positive for coronavirus and then recovered are testing positive again. This is calling into question the accuracy of diagnostic tools and raising concerns of a possible second wave of cases.  
He only shared what he saw and what he heard. Now he is probably under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 49 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
. @SaraCarterDC followers need 2 sign this "We the People" White House petition 2 hold #CCP accountable 4 #Wuhan virus damages by supporting @HawleyMOcoverup bill. Polish freedom fighters launched the petition. Making China 2 pay up is a global movement.   …
Heart-breaking moment Wuhan residents queue for hours outside a crematorium to collect the ashes of their loved ones 
Epidemiologist Behind Famous Wuhan Virus Model Lowers Original Projection  
Poll: Majority Disapprove Of News Media Handling Of Wuhan Virus According to a new Gallup poll released Wednesday, the media was the only institution that scored a negative approval rating among the public with Fifty-five percent disapproval  …
Increasing the sense  in my neighbourhood by offering to pick things up from the Wuhan wet market for my elderly neighbours
In a first, India to begin antibody test to check previous exposure to the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
Fauci: You Have the Private Sector To Thank For Wuhan Coronavirus Tests, Not the Gov't 'System' BOOM!  …
*3* important episodes of the @publichealthpod on #COVID19 today -- Q & A: listener questions with @C_R_Watson @JHSPH_CHS @JohnsHopkinsSPH -- Lessons from 1918 with @jgreene2 @histgeoghealth -- Incredible interview with Dr. Bin Cao from Wuhan, China.  …
#coronavirus The corona virus originated in Wuhan wet markets in #China proven by gene sequencing. It started in bats, but transferred to humans via the Pangolin. SARS outbreak in 2002 came from those same wet markets. Will they never learn?
Just spoke to my client based in NY (which surpassed Wuhan in COVID19 cases). Shocked to hear, no N95mask available, city still not  lockdown, people going for jogging in d morning, Dept stores r still crowded, kids playing basketball God Bless America
How New York City became the epicenter of the Wuhan virus pandemic. 
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: +Wuhan Coronavirus: World's biggest intelligence failure? +Will China gain from the pandemic? +G20 Meet: A missed opportunity? +Online Campaign against WHO  …
Where bhai ? Pakistan ka wuhan konsa city hay ? Kia bol rahay ho ? Whole country is under lockdown so how will whole country help itself??  …
China Claims #Wuhan 'Basically Blocked' Coronavirus, Reported Last Case On March 18 The government first ordered a quarantine in Wuhan on January, 23. What do you think? Do you trust China’s claim? I find it hard to believe...  … via @JennieSTaer
Coronavirus in China — Riots in the province of Jiangxi to block people of Wuhan, Hubei, from entering 
Communist China lied to the world about its deadly Wuhan virus. Now, the Chinese regime has the audacity to engage in an “intentional disinformation campaign." 
Do you believe the Coronavirus was purposely released from a Wuhan lab by China?
No matter what China, Fake News, Democrats and liberal Hollyweirdos say we all Know CHINA VIRUS is from CHINA!! They should quit eating dogs and other animals! #Women4Trump2020 China Is Lashing Out Because Wuhan Flu Has Unmasked It To The World  …
It's plain as day now, Democrats WANT people to suffer and even die JUST so the figures for Wuhan CoronaVirus stay high, destroy the economy and damage President Trump. IT'S OBVIOUS, don't forget this at the elections.
Shrimp vendor at Wuhan market may be coronavirus 'patient zero'. A toilet? Did she wash her hands???  …
. @HawleyMO twitter followers need to sign this "We the People" White House petition to hold #CCP accountable for #Wuhan virus damages in support of his legislation. Polish freedom fighters launched the petition. Making China to pay up is a global movement.   …
Wuhan Coronavirus: The United Nations lauds India’s  lockdown  …
On January 26, New York City’s  Dr. Oxiris Barbot said that those “who had recently traveled from Wuhan were not being urged to self-quarantine or avoid large public gatherings.” 
CPM ridicules country’s resolution to fight Wuhan Virus - CPM cadre violate lockdown rules across Kerala, attack police and media  … via @eOrganiser
“Abortion is an essential time-sensitive medical service that cannot be delayed” Alexis Johnson Baby killing machine sues Texas for shutting them down due to corona virus. Planned Parenthood Sues Texas Over Abortion Ban During Wuhan Virus Shutdown  …
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, as others wrongly equate them with the Chinese government. That the dictatorship in Beijing censored the Wuhan doctors' early warning about the coronavirus is nothing ordinary people could stop.  
It’s worth remembering that we probably wouldn’t be facing the coronavirus crisis if China had a free press, and local media in Wuhan had reported the outbreak of the new virus in December:  @miamiherald @unisouthampton @axios @ReporterosSin 
China most likely suppressed the true number of cases and fatalities of #coronavirus - 2 funeral homes in Wuhan received 6,000 filled cremation urns in the last week. The official government count was 3,200:  … #CoronaLockdown #COVID19
New York is “New Wuhan” #coronavirus
Another dimension of this: by keeping CV19 in Wuhan, China was able to send in reserves of doctors from the rest of the country into Wuhan. So second and third waves. Rested, prepped. We won't have that.
What "if" America had #Corona Virus 1st (since now we know many Americans in Nov & Dec had the symptoms) & American Business men went to Wuhan & got all of China infected? Then the world called it the "American Virus" & Americans got ATTACKED whenever we walked down the street?
I did not say “Flu” either. Flu of course is an entirely different family of viruses. The original title had Covid-19 not Wuhan flu. I have asked for that correction among others.
Report of urns stacked at Wuhan funeral homes raises questions about the real Coronavirus death toll in China. It seems Xi is a fucking liar.
My latest for @FDRLST: Media rushes to breathlessly report leaked FBI claim that White supremacists plan to use Wuhan Flu as a weapon, while ignoring video of an Islamist saying the same thing.  …
Some Wuhan residents who tested positive for coronavirus previously and then recovered are testing positive again. Now, officials are trying to figure out what that means for recovery efforts. 
Fauci: You Have the Private Sector To Thank For Wuhan Coronavirus Tests, Not the Gov't 'System'  …
This is WUHAN the birth place of 
UV-C radiation to disinfect rooms was proven successful in Wuhan and Italy but Indian hospitals could not afford a $100k robots of UVD or Xenex. We thus decided to build it in India at a fraction of the price. 
WHO chief who shielded China in the wake of Wuhan Coronavirus had covered up other epidemics in the past: Here are the details  …
After being in lock down for two months people from the Coronavirus epicenter, #Wuhan are blocked from leaving. The Chinese people know how dangerous #Covid-19 is. If you have been following me you know that may be 100s of 1000s if not millions have 
PC culture blocks Joint Statement from G7 Leaders ‘Wuhan Virus’is exactly what it is, nothing more. WHO doesn’t want to hurt China’s feelings Save that for those hurt by human rights violations #VoteRedToSaveAmerica  …
The reason you see credulous headlines about the US surpassing China in number of cases of The Flu That Came From Wuhan is because China has just kinda sorta, uh, stopped testing for the disease.  …
The police in Jiangxi, China are blocking people from Hubei at the bridge from entering. The Chinese know Their government is lying even as they lift the lock down of Wuhan. 
Wuhan has been free of confirmed cases of COVID_10 for 10 days. The Botswana students, who study there and I care about very much, are safe and healthy.  …
It's not hard. Here are some concrete measures to take: - Stop calling it the "Chinese" or "Wuhan virus" - Translate federal #COVID19 resources into AAPI languages -Collect data to document anti-Asian hate crimes - Stop spreading xenophobia & attacking  …
China kicks American news outlets out. Claims there are zero new COVID-19 cases in Wuhan. They've stopped testing. So we're just to believe this nonsense?  …
"Describing the Chinese Wuhan Coronaflu as 'Boris Johnson Disease' is racist"
FACT: The CCP's cover-up of #WuhanCoronaVirus in #China led to 20k+ deaths worldwide to date. Days before Wuhan lockdown, Director of Wuhan CDC said: "Infectivity of this coronavirus is not high" "It's preventable and controllable" #可防可控 We must hold the CCP 
CRPF bravehearts join fight against Wuhan Virus: Donate a day's salary to PM Relief Fund  … via @eOrganiser
Nasim Zehra admits to the Prime Minister that she was wrong to call for students to be repatriated from Wuhan. And that not bringing them back was the right decision.
Theoretically, the remedy your grandma gave you when you had a sore throat could be used as a proactive step to help kill the Wuhan coronavirus. 
At the height of Wuhan's COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak, China's military cyber crime unit spent three months exploiting weaknesses in Cisco routers, Citrix Netscaler and Zoho ManageEngine. @thespybrief  
China blames German Chancellor Merkel's Sept 2019 visit to #Wuhan for #WuhanVirus outbreak. #CCP really worries about thedemandsfor virus reparations. Please sign this "We the People" White House petition to holdaccountable for #coronavirus damages.   …
Did you tell him how you put Asian Americans in danger by deeming it the “Chinese virus” and did you discuss how your Turd Reich toady @SecPompeo stalled crucial discussions because of his insistence on calling it the Wuhan Virus? Did he congratulate you for your 
This is a phenomenal thread that summarizes much of the methodology that's gone into my skeptical questioning of past couple weeks. And while I don't trust the China/Wuhan data, if the "media experts" are gonna use it he's right to hoist them from their own petards with it.  …
Some funeral houses in #Wuhan began to allow people to pick up ashes of family members who died after the lockdown. 
Pakistan again proved that it doesn’t care for Kashmiris; Forcibly sends Wuhan virus-infected patients to Gilgit and POJK in Army trucks  …
How the #CCP manufactured #fakenews of the US Army spreading #COVID2019 in Wuhan: they stole a video of a drunk in Brussels licking his hands in a subway. #China #WuFlu   
China pushes conspiracy theory that a U.S. military athlete brought the coronavirus to Wuhan. Why is China a member of the  overseeing human rights NGOs?  …
Wuhan no longer at high risk of coronavirus outbreak  
My  on the Wuhan Virus  …
Our media: Wow, China has done a great job containing the Wuhan virus!!! We should do what they’re doing. Also our media: THE UNITED STATES IS DEFINITELY UNDERREPORTING DEATHS!!!!!! I’m starting to think China runs the mainstream media.
Thinking proactively, we really need to win back the House and keep the Senate in November. It's more critical now than ever. There is so much pork, gimmickry, and slight of hand in this Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus stimulus bill it's CRIMINAL! (more)
Protests by people of Hubei province against policies of Govt as the police have been instructed to not to allow them into Jiangxi province. #ChineseVirus19 #ChinaVirus #ChineseVirus #Wuhan 
How Grandmother’s Gargling Remedy Could Help Abate The Wuhan Flu  …
#FightTogether An Iranian youth chose to stay in #Wuhan and made coffee for people during the novel #coronavirus epidemic. Now the youth's Chinese friends have donated 40,000 facial masks to his motherland to reward his kindness. 
Animals too can test positive for Wuhan Coronavirus: Here is all you need to know about the 2 dogs who contracted the virus in Hong Kong  …
I wish Prime Minister @BorisJohnson a speedy recovery from the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
Doing WHAT, might you ask? Why, helping the CCP build their BRAND SPANKING NEW "WUHAN TECHNOLOGY UNIVERSITY-HARVARD JOINT NANO KEY LABORATORY!" That went online in Jan of 2018 Say, what is Dr. Lieber known for? He's a Pioneer in NANOTECHNOLOGY. 
Yes cancer pts were exposed due to visits to hospital, but in China pts are admitted for treatment which we don’t do here so  SARS-CoV-2 Transmission in Pts With Cancer at a Tertiary Care Hospital in Wuhan, China  …
Unlike #China, where #coronavirus cases were mostly in the #Wuhan region, the US has #COVID19 outbreaks in MULTIPLE regions outside our epicenter of #NYC. New hot zones of Detroit, south #Florida, NJ, Atlanta, New Orleans...rapidly emerging. The next 4-6 weeks will be 
I agree. The 1st case was Jan 25 when a passenger traveled from Wuhan to Melb, on the same day 3 pple from Wuhan to Syd tested positive. Shocking to learn that nothing was done to stop flights from Wuhan until it was too late.
Spain to send back China’s Wuhan coronavirus testing kits over faulty results, 80% of kits sold to the Czech Republic by China are flawed: Reports  …
Rudy I hear there is evidence of Hunter Biden's crimes in Italy, Spain, and Wuhan. Please go check it out.
Corona is not the China or Wuhan virus. It is the "Meat eaters" virus...  …
Rajasthan registers its first death from Wuhan Coronavirus, two relatives of the deceased also test positive for COVID-19  …
He picks a fight with our closest democratic allies and breaks consensus at the G7 by insisting on calling it “Wuhan Virus.” Then he obsequiously flatters the Chinese. Pathetic. He thinks democracies are weak and admires authoritarians. It’s that simple.  …
Lesson from China: It locked down Wuhan city which was the epicenter of COVID-19. It then concentrated all its resources there & rest of the country helped Wuhan. God forbid, if the virus spreads everywhere, things may go out of control. SO, ENFORCE LOCK DOWN IN LETTER & SPIRIT!!
‘Yes my family was anxious, but they’re aware that my line of work always brings with it such risks.’ IAF C-17  who flew to Wuhan on a rescue mission exactly a month ago speaks to me in his first interview.  …
Chinese media find a discrepancy between the official #Wuhan #coronavirus casualty figures and the number of urns distributed at the city's mortuaries.  
Absolute chaos: today #Hubei people tried to enter another city Jiujiang. While crossing the bridge, got blocked by locals & police. Huge Violence broke out. Netizens: #China people are ‘racist’ against the Hubei & #Wuhan citizens. 
Hey wait  now you're calling at the coronavirus instead of the Chinese virus or the Wuhan virus? Is it because you're too much of a chicken to actually say that to president Xi ?  …
#COROVID19 Spain death toll risen total number now 4788 Italy over 8000 uk over 600 and world wide now over 25000 meanwhile USA took over the world by number China no new case in wuhan also China put the ban on foreigner to enter in China meanwhile in India cleaning is on now 
In pictures: Life springs back to normal in #Wuhan 
I'll gladly pay for your flight to Wuhan, Julia, on 1 condition: You NEVER return. DM me with full name as shown on passport, gender selection, birthdate, and emergency contact information. I might spring for Business Class because it'll be awesome to have you GTF outta here!  …
Wuhan coronavirus outbreak: 12 members of Maharashtra family test positive, 4 of them had returned from Haj  …
#BackToWork Traffic flow at highway exits in #Wuhan is increasing by about 10 percent per day due to a growing number of people returned as Wuhan speeds up resumption of work and production. #coronavirus 
With much to hide about its disastrous early censorship of the Wuhan whistelblower doctors, the Chinese government churns out COVID-19 propaganda on Twitter, even though it blocks Twitter in China. The target is disaspora Chinese and global public opinion.  
Annals of Oncology manuscript on data from three hospitals in Wuhan, China, describing the clinical characteristics of patients with cancer infected by #COVID19  … 
FROM WUHAN TO NEW YORK: The Epicenter has shifted. Which of the following do you agree with: A - Intellectual Property & Tech shifted: USA => China B - Jobs shifted: USA => China C - Political power is shifting: USA => China D - Virus epicenter has shifted: China => USA Vote & RT
the fucxxx female cop reused to wear mask and spread her wuhan virus to 2 medical personal 
Local medics and disease specialists reveal that the situation in Hubei’s capital Wuhan could be worse than the official figures make out. China is counting asymptomatic cases but not making them public.  …
I don’t give a damn what the medical term is. It started in #Wuhan, and it infected the world thanks to the Chinese government’s negligence and lies. It’s the #Wuhanvirus, the #Chinavirus, and the #Chinesevirus, and it always will be.
CRPF bravehearts join fight against Wuhan Virus - Donate a day's salary to PM Relief Fund  … via @eOrganiser
Kids, there might be a reason NYC is a hotbed for the Wuhan Coronavirus. Just a thought. . .  …
Pakistan violates all human rights conventions: Forcibly sends Wuhan virus-infected patients to Gilgit and POJK in Army trucks - Organiser  …
Punjab man who died of Wuhan coronavirus had defied quarantine, infected 23 persons out of 33 cases in the state  …
In Beijing citycenter there have been 569 cases, 8 deaths, 408 recoveries and currently 153 active cases. Regarding Shanghai there have been 468 confirmed cases, 5 deaths and 334 recovered while 129 cases are still active. Comparing that to Wuhan ofc its a small #
Number of active cases of COVID-19 Shanghai - 0 Beijing - 0 Wuhan - 3,000 United States - 82,000 Europe - 4,00,000 Tell me this wasn’t planned #Covid19usa #XijinpingVirus #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus #ChineseBioterrorism #ChineseWuhanVirus
I’m seeing a lot of  about the conditions of the market in Wuhan, while  oblivious (or choosing to ignore should I say) to the conditions of where their meat came from  …
Wuhan, the Chinese city hardest-hit by #COVID19 epidemic, has had its coronavirus risk evaluation downgraded from "high risk" to "medium risk," a local health official told a press conference on 
Questions arise about the Chinese government's official coronavirus death rate for Wuhan--supposedly 2,500--as the number of urns arriving at funeral homes far exceeds that figure. Then Chinese officials began deleting the images from social media.  
Protecting cardiologists during the #COVID19 epidemic – lessons from Wuhan, China. By Prof. Xiang Cheng  Expanding ESC resources on #COVIDー19 and cardiovascular disease  
Here’s what we learned from the Chinese Wuhan Virus: Manufactured in China Distributed by China Est. 24K Deaths Globally The Fake MSM is still the Enemy of the people Democrats are still EVIL corrupt Enemies of the people @realDonaldTrump has done a phenomenal job!
So for all the long term thinking that China gets credit for, Xi gets quite rattled just for image. All Trump had to do was call it ChinaVirus & Xi lost it. His man Lijian opened up. Chinese embassy in India issued a statement against Indians using China/Wuhan virus
Good naming and shaming, WHO is actually Wuhan (China) Health Organisation, now.  …
VIDEO: Drone images show cars circulating in Wuhan as the Chinese government eases virus lockdown measures in the city where the coronavirus first emerged 
This week’s prize for “How can we use this pandemic to advance our lefty causes?” Greens Senator Nick McKim. McKim put out media release saying illegal arrivals being held in detention should be released  to avoid them catching Wuhan virus.  …
#Gravitas | Why aggressive testing is required to fight the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak? Why hospitals dealing with coronavirus patients need to be equipped with ventilators? @palkisu gets you 
China was threatining supply of medicines or APIs to USA and not revealing them clearly about Chinese Virus. Then Beijing started Propaganda to put blame on US army in Wuhan. Trump responded by starting Chinese Virus campaign, threatning to cut off Huawei, signs Taiwan Act.
understood with the wuhan virus spread across the globe. people in world cannot care less about the political movement in #hongkong but i still hope to remind you all once a while so you know we all suffer from CCP (china). - #hkpolicebrutality #hkpolice #hongkongprotest 
When talking of Wuhan virus, the term ‘social distancing’ must be replaced by ‘physical distancing’. In context of Indian subcontinent, where birth-based discrimination has long been a bane of society, the term may be counterproductive in long run  …
It is astonishing that the MSM continues to regurgitate data on the Wuhan coronavirus supplied by the Chinese Communist Party as if it were factual. CCP data is unverifiable, almost certainly spurious & cases are likely to be much higher than that stated.  …
Who else is looking forward to when all of this is over and Hollywood makes a movie about the COVID19 pandemic starring Scarlett Johansson as a plucky Chinese scientist from Wuhan? #coronavirus
Reports of long lines and stacks of ash urns greeting family members of the dead at funeral homes in Wuhan are spurring questions about the true scale of coronavirus casualties 
This is what the Wuhan Virus would look like if it were personified.
It didn’t start from bats! That was a made up scenario they came up with at the Event 201 conference! It was started in a biohazard lab in Wuhan!  …
India is set to start antibody tests for the Wuhan Virus to confirm whether a person had previously been infected with the virus, a move that will help understand the epidemiology of the Wuhan Virus in the country.  …
Wuhan survivors queueing to retrieve the ashes of family members, against the backdrop of gov propaganda Caixin’s 丁刚  
#XijinpingVirus Our PM must keep away from this deadly virus. He exposed himself twice to this virus, once in Wuhan & once in Mamallapuram.
If #China’s claim about stoping #ChineseVirus outbreak is real, I would highly suspect the virus is designed bioweapon in #Wuhan bioweapon lab. We all attacked by China, we need to fight back, end  empire! #HoldChinaAccountable #MeTooUyghur #Uyghur 
Almost half of India’s imported cases of the Wuhan Coronavirus linked to the Middle East, data shows  …
I’ve seen a lot of hot takes that Wuhan pneumonia “wasn’t real” until it affected “the West,” but I guess those people forget the CDC requested access to Wuhan to provide support and understand the virus and was ignored
“Flying into Wuhan was otherworldly, the normally crackling busy airspace was dead silent.” IAF C-17 pilot who captained rescue flight to Wuhan exactly a month ago, joins me on @IndiaToday with the amazing story of his mission. Must watch @1.30pm on @IndiaToday 
45-year-old Dubai returned Kerala man tests positive for Wuhan Coronavirus despite showing no symptoms  …
You are such a divisive individual trying to bring race into this. How many #5Star hotels were empty when Wuhan flight returned? These are people landing in capital cities the Wuhan people were already on flights you are a very sad individual Tim looking for issues at wrong time
This Australian teacher has been in lockdown in Wuhan for 2 months. As China looks to roll back its restrictions on residents, she has a simple message for those now experiencing the crisis back home: “Stay inside. Listen”. @SBSNews  …
Poll: Majority Disapprove Of News Media Handling Of Wuhan Virus  …
पैसा गजब चीज़ है । दो तीन पोलिस के किस्से & direct India=China. Btw, China killed humanity, almost. With their Wuhan actions. Right from letting free the virus to letting free 5 million potential virus carriers. And dalal says India is equally bad  …
And remember how the Australians evacuated from Wuhan were threatened with a $1,000 bill each? REMEMBER? Any threats of charging the "cruise passengers"? No, don't answer that. I already know. #auspol #COVID19Aus  …
#China Image of people queuing up to pick up ashes of their diseased family members in a funeral house in #Wuhan, ironically below CCP's "Core Socialist Values": Prosperity-Democracy-Civility-Harmony Freedom-Equality-Justice-Rule of Law Patriotism-Dedication-Integrity-Friendship  
SCIENTISTS have established that it's highly likely Covid-19 was linked to a live animal market in Wuhan. There are no hygiene standards. Cross-contamination is rampant. Animal cruelty is off the scale. These despicable wet markets have brought the world to its knees. 
Earlier this year Australians evacuated from Wuhan were quarantined on Christmas Island. Now returning cruise passengers are quarantined in five-star hotels ...
People waiting to collect the ashes of their families at a funeral house in Wuhan. (Background: socialist core values, which include "democracy", "freedom" and "rule of law")  …
It was identified in December. And in mid-late January, 5 million people left Wuhan without being screened for the virus. It’s not anti-Chinese. It’s what happened. Just like in the US: Chinese people are great, but their government isn’t.  
Hundreds of thousands of #coronavirus tests delivered to #Spain from #China do not work! So they sent thousands of textile workers from #Wuhan to Italy & Spain, then gave them tests that don’t work, 500K Chinese to US in Jan,& are making our antibiotics! World takeover by China? 
190727 - The Untamed Roadshow in Wuhan © Aftershock #王皓轩 #WangHaoXuan 
Data from Wuhan showed 95% of those in continuous close contact in confined quarters with infected did not  infected, and data from Diamond Princess showed 83% of those confined on cruise ship for weeks w/ infected chefs & cleaners did not get it. This rebutted modelers.
The problem with this assumption was two-fold: first, it was ahistorical, and contrary to most past viruses; second, data we had from Wuhan & Diamond Princess did not support it. As data developed, it became increasingly clear these assumptions were dubious, triggering revisions.
The refusal to release a statement unless our allies agreed to call it the Wuhan Virus was about the most disgusting and humiliating thing I can ever remember the US doing. I'm sure there's worse, but I can't think of what. It's just so awful and wrong.
Good advise from a Chinese Teacher who lived through the Corona Virus in Wuhan, China. We need to believe in Allah ALMIGHTY and ourselves. 
3/33 babies positive, swabbed at 2 hours. All well. One of these preterm 31/40. May not be vertical transmission. ?? Breastfeeding. Not mentioned. Neonatal Early-Onset Infection With SARS-CoV-2 in 33 Newborns Born to Mothers With COVID-19 in Wuhan, China 
This is the Wuhan you’ve been hearing about. I thought it was a village 
Stacks of urns in Wuhan prompt new questions of virus’s toll 
More shocking details tumbling down as China using all its might to HIDE THE DIRTY TRUTH! Based on numbers of urns given out at just 8 crematoriums in #Wuhan (if not wrong there are 17) approx 57000 people died 97000 overall & more than million r Infected!  …
So now it's not called the "China Virus" or the "Wuhan Virus"?  …
It reads like a thriller. America was caught napping. The US, France, UK, India and Japan must do something to destroy the menace called China. Uncertain about the role of Putin China Virus, Wuhan Virus or Xi Virus.
So now it's no longer the China Virus or Wuhan Virus? (Should have done your call before the G-7 meeting and saved us a lot of trouble.)  …
Media-promoted paper reportedly shaping UK&US response to Wuhan Virus begins: "public health threat it represents is the most serious seen in a respiratory virus since the 1918 H1N1 influenza pandemic." Assessment is based on what?  …
Almost half of India’s imported cases of the Wuhan Coronavirus linked to the Middle East, data shows  …
Someone plz explain me this.... #COVID19 originated from Wuhan and spreads across the globe like wild fire....But it couldn't spread in Shanghai and Beijing in that proportion..... How??
5/ A silver lining: if there are indeed a large number of unreported asymptomatic carriers in Wuhan who have since recovered, that increases the chances that immunity has developed in the population to guard against a second wave.
3/ Epidemiologists here and abroad say that lockdown and social distancing have likely led to a good downward trend in cases. But the level is uncertain. We can't say whether that means zero cases reported on a given day in Wuhan really means zero.
The predicament of Pakistan  to that of Iran, another country that has been devastated by the Wuhan Coronavirus due to the pervasive religious bigotry of significant sections of its population 
'CALIFORNIA... TAKE THAT QUARANTINE VERY SERIOUSLY': A #BayArea man living in Wuhan, China told @GayleOng that people need to take the stay-at-home orders seriously to slow the spread of the  …
He is not a racist. I am a Chinese. I think it is correct to call COVID -19 the Chinese virus or Wuhan virus. If you disagree with someone, you don't have to do name callings. Maybe you can give much brilliant solutions for the problems that we are facing?
If you cannot convince, confuse. China is trying to sow doubt about the origin of the #coronavirus. From the US army to Italy, China has blamed all in a bid to evade responsibility. But even China’s state owned media called it the Wuhan virus until recently.  …
40 mobile crematoriums were sent to Wuhan Wuhan has 48 crematoriums. Each have been running 24/7 for more than a month cremating roughly 125 bodies a day, but now the need for 40 mobile crematorium furnaces? 
Wonder why there's shortages in Australia? A second Chinese  based in Sydney flew more than 80 tonnes of medical supplies on a corporate jet to Wuhan in late February, at the time coronavirus was devastating the regional city. "The chartered plane with 90 tons
US push to include "Wuhan virus" language in G7 joint statement fractures alliance  
The Vantage Viewpoint : From the Great Leap Forward to Wuhan Coronavirus : China’s unchecked accountability?  …
#XijinpingVirus WHO=Wuhan Health Organisation RT as much as possible It is a biological war. It is a pre planned murder. 
2/ There are two issues here: i) confirmed cases that may be going unreported, as the first quote suggests (via two nurses in Wuhan @QianerLiu spoke to). ii) China's national  refusing to release the count of diagnosed, but asymptomatic, coronavirus carriers
China isolated Wuhan, but gave them a chance to flee abroad. This time line is fuzzy. Google traffic data will corroborate this, if traffic runs in China
the reason conservatives keep insisting on calling it wuhan and chinese virus is because they need someone to blame---they need to distract from the fact that the this pandemic happened on the GOPs watch and they are royally fucking it up.  …
I have been in contact with one of the head MDs in Wuhan. He told me that in Dec, they were not wearing masks in the hospital, and a lot of the staff got COVID19. Then, leadership required masks for all workers and HCW transmission when to 0. They now wear masks 100% of the time.
Why Beijing was not hit? Why only Wuhan? #Wuhan is open for business now. America and all the above mentioned countries are devastated financially. Soon American economy will collapse as planned by China. China knows it cannot defeat America Militarily as USA is at present. 9/n
Two nurses in Wuhan told the FT ‘hidden’ infections were not being recognised, helping keep the city’s official count of new cases at or near zero and casting doubt on data that suggest the outbreak has all but ended 
China will say that their drastic initial measures they took was very stern and Wuhan was locked down to contain the spread to other areas. I am sure they are using the Anti dode of the virus. 8/n #COVID2019 #CoronaVillains
Let’s be honest any fine will be meaningless  need to be banned from Australia Coronavirus Australia: Chinese owned property developer Risland flies more than 82 tonnes of medical supplies to Wuhan #auspol  …
 #COVID19 didn't hit Russia & North Korea? Because they are staunch ally of China. On the other hand South Korea / United Kingdom / Italy / Spain and Asia are severely hit.  Wuhan is suddenly free from the deadly virus? 7/n #ChinaVirus
 into contact with people from Wuhan, China, this Kansas man fell sick and tried to get a COVID-19 test. Not only was he denied one — he was also charged $1,000 
What part of Wuhan is this  …
Now that the US is the country with the highest number of covid19 cases, expect blame thrown at China in an attempt to cover up for their mistakes and ignorance. You might see more articles/conferences with words such as "Chinese/Wuhan virus". Media will be at full swing.
The United Kingdom and Russia have already downgraded Wuhan Coronavirus no longer a high consequences infectious disease as thought to be and have already started going back to work. Yet Democrats in America want to purposely keep America shut down to destroy Trump & the economy. 
He is to blame for the delayed  inadequate response. And his racist insistence on calling it the Wuhan virus.
#ChineseVirus19 The Corona Virus travelled entire world from #Wuhan but it did not reached Beijing and Shanghai. Can anybody put light? Looks So Logical. After all Chinese Stock Market didn't crash. American and European Markets did. 1/n
The Iranian Embassy in China on Fri slammed a US Embassy post on Sina Weibo which said Iran's Supreme Leader Khamenei held the US responsible for the "Wuhan virus," urging the US to stop stigmatization & join in the fight against #COVID19 @IraninChina  
#COVID19 #usaCoronavirus “Our epidemic is likely to be national in scope.” True, but understatement. Cases in surpassed China’s at 35 days since 100th case (dp-100); Mar25. China is >66 dp-100. has steepest rise of all. Steeper than Wuhan! No signs of #flatteningthecurve.  
China’s state media reported last week that they began clinical trials for a Covid-19 vaccine in Wuhan. The global race is on.  …
should New York and other cities be disinfecting like Wuhan has done?  …
Devastating Caixin report from a funeral home in Wuhan where residents waited for hours on Thursday to collect the ashes of loved ones. Raises q's about the official death toll: lack of test kits meant many deaths went unaccounted for - but how many?  …
Somewhere, there's a parallel universe in which Trump seized upon the "Wuhan Flu" as a serious threat, condemned China early, excoriated Cuomo for telling New Yorkers to go out in public, got to make Vox look stupid, and became the Wartime President the party always wanted.
Maybe with this Wuhan Chinese #Coronavirus we need to look further into why/how @SenFeinstein employed a Chinese SPY for 20 years as her personal driver? There's more here than meets the eye, folks! Let's keep digging! We're almost through the night & through the storm!
Drivel indeed and irresponsible to boot. Marc, have you considered your model in light of observations outside Asia? To me it seems the sCFR is significantly higher than we might expect from Wuhan (closer to 5% than 1% based on my own naive estimates).
###Corona virus infected child in Wuhan, China 
Italy and Spain are real outliers so far, even worse than the hardest-hit Chinese province where Wuhan is 
#ChineseVirus19 China has almost 1500 type of Chinese virus developed in Wuhan laboratory. 
#COVID19 #COVID19usa Worse than Wuhan. Worse than China. to SAS Analytics, here is one figure that screams! Total Cases in surpassed China in the past 36 hrs. But China and S Korea #FlattenTheCurve. Cases in USA has the steepest rise (slope) and shows no signs of abating.  
Anyone who talks about Economic right now actually Need mental Asylum at Wuhan If #ChineseVirus19 explode in India, No one can control it Economic gayee tel 
China shut down Wuhan on January 23 when there were 17 deaths in China. There were 17 deaths in the US on Sunday March 8. Here is how the administration was responding at that time.  …
CNN Host Snaps, Abruptly Ends Segment After Trump Advisor Blames China For Wuhan Coronavirus (VIDEO) @CristinaLaila1  … via @gatewaypundit
#Crossroads @JoshJPhilipp #China Switches Narrative In #Virus Disinfo War; Fears Grow of Second Wave #Outbreak "Suddenly all the Chinese state run media say the virus is over..." WATCH FULL  #coronavirus #Wuhan #CCP 
*Chinese government quarantines Wuhan* US media: dangerously authoritarian overreaction bro its probably just the flu *pandemic reaches the US* US media: holy shit this can KILL PEOPLE. why didnt china do anything that could have clued us in. VERY sus if you ask me
With @gmleunghku we did what @eranbend suggests and estimated a sCFR of 1.4% using travelers to infer Wuhan prevalence  …
Number of active cases of COVID-19 Shanghai - 0 Beijing - 0 Wuhan - 3,000 United States - 82,000 Europe - 4,00,000 Tell me this wasn’t planned #Covid19usa #XijinpingVirus #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus #ChineseBioterrorism #ChineseWuhanVirus
“Patient zero” at the Wuhan seafood market central to the coronavirus outbreak has been identified.  …
Why so many #WuhanCoronaVirus deaths in Italy? A large population of Chinese—many immigrating from Wuhan Province—live and work in the textile districts of northern Italy and travel between Italy and homeland China. China’s government knows more. Proof that #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Why all the donate  Do they test the blood for Chinese Wuhan Virus? Are they using infected blood to infect others? Are they using it to see if you had it for antibodies? Is it all about what Dr. Birx said seeing below the surface of the iceberg? Any guesses?
Xi JinLaden threatens the world for ‘international macro-economic Policy coordination’ with the foreign supply chains in China he stole - Countries should punish China for its spread & cover-up Of Wuhan virus. Boycott China!  …
Over 1,200 students and local residents have signed a petition that calls on Harvard University to turn its empty residential halls into homeless shelters during the ongoing Wuhan coronavirus pandemic. 
Gates wants the US economy  suicide. There's alot of rumors claiming Gate's having some connection to labs in Wuhan China.  …
There are billions upon billions in this bill that have nothing to do with Wuhan Virus recovery. Pork Projects and sweetheart deals to lobbyists. Congress gets a pay raise. Likely surveillance laws and attempts to change voter id It's a bad bill and nobody should vote yes
How many people died in #Wuhan and #China? Conservative estimation based on numbers of urns being given out at 8 crematoriums in Wuhan by financial analyst @charles984681 Total death in Wuhan: 59K Total death in China: 97K Total infection in China: 1.21 M #CCPVirus 
On December 31, 2019, Chinese health authorities confirmed dozens of people in Wuhan were being treated for pneumonia from an unknown source. Here's what's happened since:  
When this is all over with, I'm going shopping at the Wuhan Market.
These are the sort of PPEs that healthcare workers in Wuhan and Seoul have been wearing when caring for COVID-19 patients, because the 1st-wave of responders in Wuhan in December 2019 and January 2020 were numerically decimated with inadequate N95 and face shield protection.  
Timeline of global spread caused by CCP’s lies 12/31/2019 CCP’s 1st reported 1/11/2020 1st death CCP admitted 1/12 WHO “no to ” 1/15 1st case in JP 1/20 CCP “ to ” 1/21 1st in US 1/23 WuHan 1/31 1st in 2/2 Trump Travel ban 2/19 outbreak 2/21  …
And there were 40 mobile crematoriums being sent to #Wuhan, each has the capacity to process 5 tons of bodies per day.   …
Worst cases of COVID-19: Wuhan, Lombardy, Queens, Madrid, etc. All known for multi-generational households. Virus spreads in confined area,  Lockdowns guarantee whole house infected. Just say no to mandatory lockdowns. Keep vulnerable safe & AWAY from healthy.
How chIna-s are using the Wuhan coronavirus for geopolitical gain.  …
Human rights website Bitter Winter reported on Wednesday that lawyers are preparing to bring a variety of suits against the government of China for its irresponsible handling of the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic. 
China: Here, try this bat. *Gets Wuhan mutant Bat virus. China: Here, drink this bear piss.
Well my cousin was diagnosed with the Wuhan Coronavirus. In an overcrowded NY hospital they tested him only 1 day after admittance, which should relieve anyone concerned about availability of testing. He is slowly improving despite a weakened immune system!  …
This was never in doubt. We could never isolate the way China did. They had horrible numbers in Wuhan (worse than they admit) but they basically used the army to shut that state off. That is why social distancing is so critical.  …
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) top expert in Biological Warfare is a woman named General Chen Wei. She was sent to Wuhan to help “contain” the virus. The PLA Daily (yes their army has a newspaper) refers to the virus as a bioweapon on multiple occasions.
There’re no traditions of eating bats in #Wuhan, China. There is on former US colony of Palau. Here’s Taiwan leader @iingwen and her crew eating fruit bats prepared by 1st lady of Palau in a tweet by Taiwan’s foreign ministry last year. #coronavirus #COVID19 
New Orleans Mayor in one of the great self-owns in the history of twitter. She must have missed the news, newspaper, Internet, blogs, word on the street, and gossip about the Wuhan Virus. Way to stay on top of it in your city, Mayor  …
Association of Cardiac Injury With Mortality in Hospitalized Patients With COVID-19 in Wuhan, China 
The corrupt corporate media who spent years lying to you about the 2016 election, non-existent Russian collusion, tax cuts, net neutrality, Brett Kavanaugh, and Ukraine didn’t magically start telling you the truth about the Wuhan coronavirus.
Everywhere that COVID-19 hits hardest, this is a  theme. Multi-generational families living together: Wuhan, Lombardy, Spain, Queens, etc. Remember, COVID-19 spreads in confined spaces. Lockdown is the antithesis to stopping the spread.
Liberals celebrating the outbreak of Wuhan virus cases in the United States is entirely unsurprising. Many of them hate you, they hate themselves, they hate this country, they hate their lives, & they’d attack you in a moment if they weren’t such wusses. #Fact
China's Wuhan reports zero increase in #COVID19 cases  
Another media lunatic leveraging the Wuhan Virus crisis to shit on the US. I don’t have the adjectives to describe these cretins. Having dealt w/many of them, & having been floored by the magnitude of their stupidity, I can tell you with certainty that they’re the worst among us.  …
Here’s @NYCHealthCommr & cohorts urging #NewYorkers to gather in crowded places & not be afraid of #coronavirus bc it’s racism against her & her kind! #Chinese CCP leader XI said exactly the same to people in #Wuhan during the outbreak in Jan: “Go & celebrate the Moon Festival!” 
Don't forget the Chinese Academy of Sciences first biosafety level 4 laboratory (BSL-4 Lab) lab at the Wuhan Institute of Virology there >>  Wuhan + new lab + bio-samples and biomedical intel stolen from Harvard and other institutes = You can do the math. 
Dr. Charles Leiber, Harvard chemist and nanotech pioneer, was arrested on January 28 for concealing the fact that he signed a three year contact with China ($50K/month+) and was a "Strategic Scientist” at Wuhan University of Technology (WUT).  
Do not relax Covid-19 measures in Wuhan too soon, scientists warn  …
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital races against time to save #COVID19 patients  …
time for you be air dropped into Wuhan to get to the bottom of it Mr Journalism.
Dr. Anthony Fauci must be the most photogenic Infectious Diseases expert this side of Wuhan ;-) 
Communist Quality Control: Beijing Sends 150,000 Wuhan Virus Testing Kits to Prague, 80% Fail  …
No, the decision was decidedly uncontroversial at the time. Mardi Gras Season began Jan. 6. Wuhan locked Jan. 23. Mayor Cantrell is in  and taking responsibility - she's answering a question about whether the feds gave warning or had any concern, which they didn't.
55 new #COVID19 cases were reported in Chinese mainland as of Thursday, with 54 #imported cases and 1 newly confirmed local case in Zhejiang Province. #Wuhan reports ZERO new COVID19 infection. 
The Federalist reportedly edited that doctor’s op-ed to highlight “chickenpox parties,” moving a historical reference to them from a footnote to the *headline*. “What’s more, editors at the Federalist apparently changed references to COVID-19 in the piece to ‘The Wuhan Virus.’”  …
They had masks and protective wear in Wuhan.  …
The Government of India had announced a full 21-day lockdown of India in a bid to arrest the spread of the deadly Wuhan Coronavirus also known as Covid-19 
The same people who were inconsolably morose when our unemployment numbers plummeted to all-time lows now inform us with school girl giddiness that the US has surpassed China in the Wuhan virus epidemic 
SHOCKER. About 80% of Wuhan Virus Tests Manufactured in China Don't Give Accurate Results  …
China coronavirus update Wuhan lockdown reinfection reports deeply disturbing coronavirus development |  In a Chinese follow up study as many 14% of recovered CV19 patients have tested positive again, although  …
The  are hoarding Vitamin C. Wuhan shipped in 50 TONS from Dutch State Mines, which has a China branch  …
Coronavirus in Spain •More people are dying in Madrid each day than they did in Wuhan during the worst of China's outbreak •Deaths are doubling every 3  to every 5 in Italy •So many victims in Madrid that an ice skating rink is now a morgue  …
Harvard chemist arrested for his involvement with a lab at Univ. of Wuhan  …
A wrenching video from a NYC hospital at the center of the #COVID19 pandemic, in which an ER doctor describes shortages of ventilators and masks and says she doesn't care if she gets in trouble for her appeal. The blunt truth: NYC is  Wuhan.  …
No..... someone ate a fucking bat at a seafood market and happened to be 7 miles from a fucking lab in wuhan China that happened to be testing biological warfare weapons, 5 months after event201 confrence about bio warfare in NYC For God’s sake man, do u hear urself?  …
This is almost word for word the account of doctors in Wuhan and Lombardy.  …
Not great:  in Australia sent millions of health items to #Wuhan, leaving shortages here: reports  …
"The media also changed its language to stop using the term 'Wuhan Virus' or 'Chinese Coronavirus', in order to accuse Pres. Trump of being racist for using the same terminology." (3/3) 
New coronavirus confirmed:-27 december. 27 new people infected and chinese researchers mapped the genome on 7th January after that 5 million people had escaped wuhan China told about it globally on 23rd january. Every country must boycott china economically. 
A Czech news site revealed 80% of the much-touted traunch of Wuhan coronavirus rapid test kits "donated" from China are faulty, forcing healthcare workers to rely on conventional laboratory tests. We need to rethink every single product China makes. 
WHO announced in JANUARY " preliminary investigations conducted by the Chinese authorities" Now, world has shut down because of China's failure & they won't allow themselves to be interviewed by any intl agency nor CDC to speak w/Wuhan labs, refuse to show how reached conclusion 
Trump said not to trust CCP’s numbers. Done some information collecting A crematoria in Wuhan announced from 3.23 to 4.4 it will hand out 500 urns to the survived. 7 crematorias in Wuhan! maths: 500*7*12days=42,000 urns! CCP’s total death Wuhan 2,531! Only 1/16 reported! 
The numbers on Wuhan coronavirus cases out of China are bogus. Same for Iran. Comparing the U.S. to these countries will result in bad numbers. Garbage in, garbage out.
Chinese netizens took to social media to ask US Embassy in Beijing @USA_China_Talk, “Should we call AIDS ‘American Venereal Disease’? It sounds reasonable if we adopt US logic. As the #US Embassy called #COVID19 the ‘Wuhan Virus’?  
You should move to China where they have their shit together, I hear Wuhan has a lot of apartments newly available and their food is exotic.
First they tried to destroy the President, his family & close friends through the Mueller witch hunt. They lost. Then they went after him directly, through Nancy's impeachment hoax. They lost. Now they are going after ALL of us with the Wuhan CoronaVirus. They will lose, again.
Today they want us to believe the USA has topped China in total cases of Wuhan Virus. They also want us to believe China has no new cases. Find the 21 MILLION “missing” mobile-phone users in China and then we’ll discuss these stats. I call bullshit. #CHINAISASSHOE 
A second Chinese  based in Sydney flew more than 80 tonnes of medical supplies on a corporate jet to Wuhan in late February, at the time coronavirus was devastating the regional city | EXCLUSIVE  …
China lied, failed to report timely, forbid  WHO from interfering in "sovereignty". WHO has NEVER disclosed sources that informed their announcement in January that it was not transmittable human to human. China still forbids CDC and intl interrogation of Wuhan lab  …
Is....is Acosta actually unaware, after months of covering this story, that the majority of people who contract Wuhan virus do not need medical attention?  …
To be fair all of China was not affected , just Wuhan province. That's 60 million people, not 1.7 billion. Doesn't excuse the orange squash and his lackies.
I don't understand the logic behind these models suggesting half/most of the population are already infected with COVID-19 and CFR is really very, very low. How can "hotspots" (e.g. Wuhan, Lombardy, NYC) exist in principle in these models?
I believe China admitted they quit testing once they realized retransmission rate was flu-like after first 30-45 days in Wuhan.
Venn Diagram needed  who labelled the airlift of citizens from Wuhan for 2 weeks quarantine on Christmas Island as 'the most half arse knee jerk reaction’ he had ever seen and those calling for stricter #COVIDー19 measures in 
Liberalism is a far greater danger to humanity than the Wuhan bat flu is 
1,000 Americans are now dead because of Wuhan Coronavirus. Are you pissed yet? The Chinese government’s inadequate response to this virus killed 1,000 of our people. RT if Trump should harshly punish China!
Federal agencies are ramping up efforts to counter an aggressive #Disinformation campaign by the #CCP surrounding the #CCPVirus #Pandemic—which started in #Wuhan, #China and was covered up by #Beijing—by setting up websites that separate fact from  …
#Censorship: Chinese netizens are angry after internet #Censors deleted a picture circulating on social media of people lining up to pick up their family members’ ashes from a funeral home in #Wuhan, ground zero of #China’s #CCPvirus  …
Residents in #Wuhan can do outdoor activities and enjoy the spring beauty as the city, once the hardest-hit area, is recovering from the #coronavirus 
There’s meant to be a National Pandemic Plan that involves stockpiling medical supplies. Why didn’t NSW gov ensure supplies in Jan? We need explanation for how businesses could buy 82 tonnes supplies for Wuhan. Why didnt NSW gov secure them? ⁦ @smh⁩  …
Pillaged. Come and get it. Fair dinkum does anyone care ? Or is it just a free for all & every one 4 themselves. Coronavirus Australia: Chinese owned property developer Risland flies more than 82 tonnes of medical supplies to Wuhan  …
Great day for multilateralism! The USA paralysed the G7 insisting on calling it "the Wuhan virus", the G20 spoke about the weather, and the German government paralysed the European Council with its ideological "nein" to any  European action.
People wake up: all of your CV fears have been nurtured by Media+Dems who wanted trump’s economy destroyed! They want us scared to death x CV. They hate us and hate but they hate DJT more!CNN Hid Swine Flu For Obama, Went Gonzo On Wuhan Flu Under Trump  …
State Department nonproliferation bureau tweets on bio weapons convention anniversary and mentions Wuhan virus pandemic  …
New analysis shows how @NASA & @NOAA satellites observed decreased activity in #Wuhan #China following the #COVID19 outbreak. Changes in nighttime lights reveal a dramatic decrease in one of the city's most densely populated areas:  … #maps #ddj 
The cherry blossom season is a sign that spring has arrived. Right now, no city is more deserving of that message of hope and renewal than Wuhan. 
Some people dedicate their lives to changing the course of history. Others just eat bats at a Wuhan food market.
If only we'd kept daily flights from Wuhan going like @JoeBiden wanted! Damn your life-saving "xenophobia," Donald  …
United Nations: Close China's Wuhan & Other Global Wet Animal Market Permanently - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
China claims the 'Wuhan Virus' term is 'slandering China's efforts  the disease.' Who care what China thinks, they brought this on their selves!  …
On the American side of the dreadful US v China #COVID19 war of words, here's the official #G20 #Pompeo statement: "The Chinese Communist Party poses a substantial threat to our health & way of life, as the Wuhan virus outbreak clearly has demonstrated." note "Wuhan virus"
The virus didn't spread beyond Wuhan. But, it is all over the world. Howzzzat?  …
The initial obfuscation by the Chinese of #COVID19 didn't make any difference. We're getting accurate date estimates from the analysis of the genomic data. The outbreak in Italy started only ~1-2 weeks after the Wuhan one, before the Chinese realised the scale of the problem.  …
I've yet to see any proposal to 3x  of front-line ER doctors/nurses in the US. China did that 10 days after Wuhan lock down, 
Vehicles line outside waiting to get back to #Wuhan, #Hubei, a day after travel restrictions lifted in the province on 
"Professors are now worried that the political bias they bring to the classroom will be easily recorded and exposed to the public now that their courses have moved online due to the Wuhan coronavirus." Parents are payingto have their kids brainwashed  …
Unbelievably dopey statement from the incoherent Joe Biden. Only the most deranged anti-Trump lunatics would argue that the economy was struggling before the Wuhan Virus was unleashed on us. This is embarrassingly dumb.  …
These rat bastards are stonewalling a UN resolution because they're insisting that it be called "Wuhan virus."  …
About 60 per cent of people who contracted the #coronavirus in Wuhan are said to have been 'unreported', and recovered without medical care.  
Oder retrospektiv Wuhan. "...unprecedented measures ... including extended school and workplace closures. We aimed to estimate the effects of physical distancing measures ..., hoping to provide some insights for the rest of the world."  … /10
Biden’s one to talk. He scolded Trump for shutting down flights to Wuhan.  …
On 31 Dec WHO found out about Wuhan flu for first time, the same day bushfires attacked NSW Sth Coast. In both cases, nature was allowed to get out of control: animals that hadn't been tested for eating; bushland hadn't been cleared. We need: Humans 1st, animals 2nd, plants 3rd
One of the edits, per Mediaite: "Editors at the Federalist apparently changed references to COVID-19 in the piece to 'The Wuhan Virus.'"  …
Relaxing coronavirus measures in Wuhan too soon could fuel a new wave of infections later in the year, scientists warn. Lifting restrictions in March would lead to a surge peaking in August. Keeping them until April would delay a second peak until October  …
Haven’t seen any videos from nyc hospitals — inside or out. Has anyone seen any yet? That was a tipping point in #Wuhan for action.
Milan professor says he is 'CERTAIN' that coronavirus emerged in Wuhan first 
Those tweeting optimistically about the UK's coronavirus trend really should look to what happened in Wuhan: social distancing policies took around three weeks to alter infection rates. We won't know for another fortnight at least what the trend really looks like.
Hospitals worldwide are a mostly Christian legacy. We mistakenly think they would have naturally arisen without Christianity. Not so. In fact, the first one in Wuhan (yes, Wuhan) was founded by an Italian Franciscan.  …
Reminder: UN's World Health Organization chief lauded China for "transparency" after it purged the public sphere of dissent, censored news reports, harassed citizen journalists, shut down news sites & dragged Wuhan Dr. Li Wenliang to midnight interrogation for sounding the alarm.  …
#ChineseVirus19 China has almost 1500 type of Chinese virus developed in Wuhan laboratory. 
In the history pages under "That went well": On Dec. 31, Wuhan's City Health Commission put out a statement, acknowledging 27 cases of unknown pneumonia, but said there was no evidence of human transmission of the disease. "The disease is preventable and controllable," it said.
Someone should ask Mike Pompeo to point to Wuhan on this map.  …
Wuhan went into lockdown on January 23. On January 30 COVID19 was declared a global emergency. At the same time it was widely reported that China had built 2 hospitals in 10 days. We had 2 months to react to this pandemic. Don’t you dare tell me this govt has done a good job
This is my wife, she is a nurse on Ward 42 Ninewells (now renamed Covid Ward). She, along with her whole team have been at the frontline from day one. Named themselves the Wuhan Clan. They were stretched before this came along, more so now of course. (1/2) 
Controversial point: If you don't want to get Coronavirus, go to Wuhan. No new reported cases for past few days (if you can believe the data) and I hear the tickets are cheap.
Downing St has claimed it failed to take part in an EU scheme to source life-saving ventilators to treat coronavirus because it accidentally missed the deadline.  after saying UK “no longer a member” and “making our own efforts”. Old Wuhan proverb: when in hole ...
A second Chinese  based in Sydney flew more than 80 tonnes of medical supplies on a corporate jet to Wuhan in late February |  …
Pompeo called for COVID-19 to be called “Wuhan virus” at a virtual G-7 meeting, sparking debate amongst world leaders. 
Stay connected, stay in shape and stay well-read—these three housemates in Wuhan, China, appear to have figured out how to maximize their time in quarantine during the coronavirus outbreak.  
Why is nobody asking right questions abt #ChineseVirus 1)WHOdunit? 2)Who in CaWHOots with China? 3)If it started in Wuhan-how is Wuhan free of #WuhanVirus while RoW is effed? 4)How is next door Shanghai(839km) not affected but Italy(8659km) totally FUBAR?  …
 into contact with people from Wuhan, China, this Kansas man fell sick and tried to get a COVID-19 test. Not only was he denied one — he was also charged $1,000 
Trump fired: CDC/US pandemic response team in 2018 Entire US epidemiologist team stationed in Beijing whose job it was to detect outbreaks of disease in China Scapegoat demands it be called China/Wuhan virus #TrumpVirusCoverup 
"WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION FACES CALLS FOR LEADER TO RESIGN OVER CORONAVIRUS FAILURE" "...for allowing the Chinese Communist Party to influence its behavior during the Wuhan virus epidemic is intensifying... petition calling for Tedros’ resignation..."  …
Just like the Chinese gov't did in Wuhan and just like the Iranian gov't is doing in Qom, the Italian gov't has stopped counting all of the CV-19 infected AND all of the CV-19 dead.  … via @TPM
You’re going through more dugs than wuhan market Chris
"After heavy rains, this is the river in Wuhan, where all blood contaminated with corona virus has flocked to. Rejoice in the name of the Lord for He has conquered again" — An African aunt on WhatsApp  …
Its interesting the Chinese businessman who shipped medical supplies to Wuhan is being portrayed as "bad" but Clive Palmer working with the Australian government to "secretly" source and import medical supplies to Australia is "good". Is either bad or both good. 
The Chinese government faces a lawsuit for the massive economic damage (and lost lives) caused by its early censorship of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us about the new coronavirus. That censorship gave the virus a three-week headstart to go global.  
How many have died in Wuhan? Govt says 2731, but funeral homes suggest otherwise: Wuchang Funeral Home (1 of 3 in the city, 1 of 8 in greater Wuhan) opened on Mar 23, says it’d issue 500 numbers/day for families to pick up ashes, it’ll try to give all out by Apr 5. 500x14=7000 
If #China wants cooperation at the #G20VirtualSummit, it can start by allowing foreign virologists into #Wuhan to study  …
Highly  this CGTN documentary on how Wuhan mobilized to contain Corona virus and set the stage for its imminent lifting of mass quarantine and return to normalcy. It should be an example for the US to follow but American arrogance knows no bounds. 
Wuhan Tourism Board Slogan #2: Wuhan. There’s Something in the Air.
Papa has changed the message already em disappointed now we are waiting for the pandemic to clear starting from Wuhan-China ... where it started 
5 Paradigm Shifts The Wuhan Crisis Has Revealed Americans Need  …
...funeral home. However, the official death toll of Wuhan is only 2531 as of midnight of Mar 25. For more:  #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina #Coronavirustruth #CoronaVirusUpdate
China now accuse Italy for creating the Wuhan virus! Classic propaganda. You have to feel sorry for Italy; forced to hug Chinese women in the wake of the Chinese virus to prove it isn’t racist, China now blames it for creating and spreading the virus.
At Wuchang Funeral Home, #Wuhan. Family members of the dead collect ashes. The funeral home promises to give out 500 urns per day and will try to give out all before Qingming Festival (Apr. 4). That number is already more than 6K and from just one ... #CCPVirus 
Coronavirus is originated in China,not US nor other country. China should stop blaming others.Btw its name is Chinese Virus/Wuhan Virus/XijinpingVirus/ Chinese Wuhan Virus. #ChineseVirus19 #XijinpingVirus 
The #CoronavirusPandemic brought my hometown #Wuhan to its knees. Now I’m watching a similar crisis unfold in the US. I wrote about Wuhan’s pledge to slowly restore normal life starting from April 8 and what it may teach us for what lies ahead.  …
Me: No la, Kluang and Simpang Renggam are so far from JB. I'll be fine don't worry . . Dad: WUHAN IS SO FAR FROM MALAYSIA #RestrictedMovementOrderMY
1. Barcelona, Madrid, NYC, & Paris are all on track to be worse than Milan or Wuhan. 2. California is below that trajectory. I was wrong to dread Newsom as a governor. Along with various mayors and private organizations who pushed quarantine, Newsom is saving thousands of lives  …
Orwellian: Chinese state media have been removing the terms "Wuhan virus" and "Wuhan pneumonia" from all their previous online reports:  . Likewise, soon after I on March 23 referred to China Daily's 2018 tweet (screenshot below), it deleted that old 
"Wuhan coronavirus". Lockstep with Donald Trump while trying to rebut the assertion that Postmedia is publishing non-scientific material about COVID-19, which is the scientific, non-xenophobic name for the virus.  …
Trump's Approval Rating for Handling the Wuhan Flu: 60% The Media's? 44% -- Eleven Points Underwater 
#ChinaVirus It was horrible task for #Wuhan Hospital to clean up the cell phones of those who died from #COVID2019 and later were cremated. - @kiss486 
Wuhan is now in recovery, but some scars may never heal. Among millennials, the #coronavirus sparked a political awakening. “This pandemic is like a mirror reflecting all the hidden problems in society.” My interview for @thenation with a woman from #Wuhan  …
Our hidden camera revealed that a Winnipeg acupuncturist claimed an herbal tea blend prevented doctors in Wuhan, China, from catching COVID-19. Health Canada has not approved any product to prevent, treat or cure COVID-19. 
Do not relax Covid-19 measures in Wuhan too soon, scientists warn  …
Coronavirus bill includes $350 million for migration, refugee assistance...of course it does. Wall funding is more relevant to containing the Wuhan virus than refugee ASSISTANCE but the GOP never breathed a word about it.  …
How did we know  spread in China? "by late Jan. transportation links [to] Wuhan were cut & all 70,000 cinemas in China closed. “Everybody working on infectious diseases saw what they did & knew [it was] because [of] human-to-human spread”'  …
and this is just one of eight funeral homes in wuhan i believe. yes i know people died of other things too, but Caixin presenting it this way is noteworthy i think  …
But Wuhan was reopening no  …
The picture at the top is what Chinese health care workers wore in Wuhan and even then 1700 health care workers were infected. The two pictures on the bottom, are US nurses wearing Pampers and garbage bags because we don’t have PPEs. How many will get infected? 
Which one? Their self-serving lies about the Wuhan virus, making iPhones with slave labor, persecuting underground Christians, concentration camps in Uighurstan, torturing Tibetan monks with cattle prods, harvesting organs from dissidents without anaesthetic...?  …
"Wuhan-400" manmade virus. This page 353 is from the 1989 onwards version of The Eyes of Darkness book! 31 years back someone predicted #WuhanVirus ? Well.. looks pretty 
I mean seriously, let's pick Some at random. COVID Act Now predicted that by March 19 the state of Tennessee could expect 190 hospitalizations of patients with confirmed Wuhan virus. By March 19, they only had 15 patients hospitalized.  …
What is the official death count in Wuhan? Doesn’t this picture from Caixin shows 3500 urns with cremated remains? And this truck holds 2500 runs and the driver says this his second delivery 
This is how China treated #Wuhan citizens who asked for help "China has a large population, there’ll be no difference without you!" a sick Wuhan resident was told by  staff #ChineseVirus19 #ChineseVirus #ChinaVirus #CoronavirusOubreak #BoycottChina 
THREAD: @jsvine and I looked at how long it took to reach a peak of new #COVID19 cases after different drastic interventions in three key countries, to see what that means for the US 1/ China - 10 days after Wuhan quarantine  
#China #CCP's propaganda media People's Daily caught red-handed trying to *edit history*: Original Facebook post on Dec 31: "Wuhan Pneumonia" Post edited on Mar 20: "Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia" #WuhanCoronaVirus #CCPVirus Link of the post>>>  …  
Bannon: The reason the world's wealth and health are destroyed and people are dead is because the #CCP sacrificed #Wuhan to suppress this. #Wuhan is their Chernobyl. This is the #CCPVirus. #WarRoomPandemic #coronavirus  
China builds garbage infrastructure like roads, bridges, etc. in foreign countries. No surprise they sent thousands of faulty, inaccurate Wuhan coronavirus tests to Europe while trying to save face over their pandemic  …
When is repetition not repetitious? When it artfully reinforces meaning. See @aliceysu profile of Wuhan diarist: “Her neighbor’s cousin dies. Her acquaintance’s brother dies. Her friend’s parents and wife die, and then her friend also dies.”  …
Um, we're not having a debate. You even got the publication date wrong and you deliberately omitted what the column actually said. To wit: "None of this means we should take the Wuhan coronavirus, or any other coronavirus, lightly."  …
Bannon: We have to go to a #Wuhan model with a hard shutdown today — whether we like it or not. Quarantine #NYC & #NOLA. Lock that down hard. #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus  
The Chinese propaganda outlet @globaltimesnews is actually going back and erasing the term "Wuhan virus" from its old reports. Orwellian.  by @TaiwanNews886
NEW STORY: "Since Cyprus banned entry of British nationals and flights into country earlier this month, the UK military has flown personnel every day to the island from RAF base which for weeks received hundreds of evacuees from Wuhan" Pls read/share  
Yeah, I'd like to know who the sick soldiers were who presented at a Wuhan Hospital with a "mystery illness." DoD, State, it's time for some truth and transparency. @POTUS  …
It’s the Chinese arrogance n xenophobia/sublime arrogance that’s got the planet in this mess in the 1st place It originated in Wuhan They lied, suppressed info till it was too late Came down hard on docs who called it That’s just the facts Not even the conspiracy theories
Foreign ministers representing seven major industrialized nations failed to agree on a joint statement Wednesday after the Trump administration insisted on referring to the coronavirus outbreak as the “Wuhan virus” HE HAS GOT TO GO.  …
Why isn't CNN, which insinuated that Trump was racist for the Wuhan travel ban, not criticizing China for banning all foreigners?
Mainland China is banning all foreigners from entering the country, including those with residency permits and travel visas. Remember when they said it was racist for President Trump to ban flights from Wuhan?
This means the actual fatality rate was likely below 1%. Far different from what started the panic. "...the overall symptomatic case fatality risk (the probability of dying after developing symptoms) of COVID-19 in Wuhan was 1.4%..."  …
We got raided, Australia got raided, who else did the CCP raid for PPE while simultaneously concealing from the world how serious the Wuhan Virus is?  …
Did you know? On December 31, Taiwan issued a warning with their CDC about the outbreak of  from Wuhan. Because China had their membership to the W.H.O. revoked, the warning was  #CCPVirus  … 
I apologize for the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #SaySorryToAmerica #SaySorryToItaly #SaySorryToJapan ... 
And refused to shut off travel even from Wuhan, much less broader China and other countries until months too late.  …
About 60 per cent of people who contracted the #coronavirus in Wuhan are said to have been 'unreported', and recovered without medical care.  
In a matter of two days, USA announced its biggest stimulus deal in its history, and India gives out its biggest #ReliefPackage in its history. And China lifted travel ban from Wuhan. Wuhan Viology Lab would be laughing... See what we achieved! #ChineseVirus19
IMHO, there is a xenophobic undercurrent to the latest outrage about Canada assisting China with medical supplies in China's darkest hour - by our so-called grey newspaper of record and the Conservatives. It aligns with Trump's "Wuhan virus" dog-whistle and it's ugly. #cdnpoli
“A Czech news site on Monday (March 23) revealed that 80 percent of the much-touted traunch of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) rapid test kits "donated" from China are faulty, forcing healthcare workers to rely on conventional laboratory tests.” 
There is synthetic manufactured in Wuhan & Italy. Then there is the type taken from children's blood when they're scared. This is all about stopping this. And freeing us from being farmed.
How will the WHO deal with this? It advised against ANY travel restrictions with China when the epidemic was raging in Wuhan, this helping to spread the virus around the world. Now China is shutting its doors to all non-Chinese.  …
Heh! The bosses at global liberal papers are slowly changing tune about Wuhan Corona virus as the disaster unfolds. Only their poorly paid India correspondents are still battling it out for the govt of China.
With the news that the FA are ending the season prematurely, we are absolutely delighted to have retained our title heading into the 20/21 season. This would not have been possible without the hard work of all the staff, players and a Villa-supporting bat in Wuhan #UTV
The Chinese Communist Party sent thousands of bad Wuhan Coronavirus tests to Europe that gave inaccurate results.  …
A colleague also informed me that China’s mobilization efforts in Wuhan were detailed in Trump’s PDBs as early as the first wk of Dec. By late Dec there was enough intel (SIGINT/HUMINT/OSINT) for even an unintelligent person to understand the growing threat of this virus.
Heart-breaking! At Biandanshan Cemetery in #Wuhan, on Mar 25. How many have died? For more:  #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina #Coronavirustruth #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Chinese gov warned of  lockdown of Wuhan - some Wuhan residents pre-emptively flee and spread virus throughout China. China as a whole getting locked down? People flee internationally. Same just happened with infected people in NYC/SF/LA, next DC.
The first person to test positive in Wuhan's infamous food market was a woman selling live shrimps 
It's a #ChineseVirus originated and started from Wuhan China , The same way Ebola Virus it's not African but started from there :) Deal with it, all past viruses got their name from their origin. So CoronaVirus is a  …
I don’t think Pompeo could find Wuhan on an unmarked map either. 
And that there was no danger of bringing in God knows how many thousands of Chinese from Wuhan for the new semester in January. After all, we cant bankrupt the universities!  …
3500 cremation urns for families to collect in this mortuary. Official toll in Wuhan is 2531. An interviewed doctor says in the height of the outbreak many died before having the opportunity to test everyday. Not to mention those left at home.  …
STOP THE HYSTERIA! Don’t miss my show today where we cover the Wuhan Virus, HYSTERIA-FREE. Listen on Apple Podcasts here:  … Or on my website  …
Dept of Deep State: $29Million dollars of construction of biotech lab in Wuhan 
Yesterday, G7 leaders couldn’t agree on a #COVID19 statement bc @SecPompeo demanded they call it the “Wuhan virus" All other countries rejected the RACIST label that “suggests the pandemic is a Chinese problem” It’s shameful that this disease of racism represents our country.  …
Job of International media is to worry about India’s poor preparations as people continue to drop dead from New York to London, from Paris to Rome, from Tehran to Wuhan, we know that.  …
Well isn't that interesting... Joe Biden's top adviser referred to coronavirus as "Wuhan Virus" several times! And yet when @realDonaldTrump does it, it's "xenophobic." Yet another in a series of double standards by the left!  …
During the Chinese Virus/Wuhan Flu, celebrities are now going without makeup. Here’s another one. 
The Chinese lied There were 12 million dead in Wuhan alone Look at the number of active cellphone numbers after the lockdown Look at the numbers of infected and dead in Europe They lied and let this spread because of their lies Murderers
Don't forget WHO consistently told countries to keep borders open to OUTBREAK AREAS & not bother with screening! "WHO does not  any specific health measures for travellers to and from Wuhan, China. It is generally considered that entry screening offers little benefit."
China just restricted entry for foreigners. The WHO did not  ANY SPECIFIC HEALTH MEASURES for travelers from Wuhan on 11 January 2020. Also says that entry screening offers little benefit. It says also to NOT restrict travel to out break areas as late as 27 Feb 2020.  …
#ChineseVirus19 China has almost 1500 type of Chinese virus developed in Wuhan laboratory. 
First they tried to destroy the President, his family and close friends through the Mueller witch hunt. They lost. Then they went after him directly, through Nancy's impeachment hoax. They lost. Now they are going after ALL of us with the Wuhan CoronaVirus. They will lose.
Trump’s net approval rating on his handling of the Wuhan coronavirus is +22. The media net approval rating on its handling of the pandemic is -11.  …
Get ready if you follow my tweets I showed you timeline of virus from SAUDI ARABIA IN 2012 to WUHAN IN 2019 FACTS!!!! You can already see how the Chinese Propaganda Machine is hard at work trying to spin the #COVID19 outbreak away from WUHAN. More details throughout the day…. 
Poll: Majority Disapprove Of News Media Handling Of Wuhan Virus  …
The death of a Chinese doctor who tried to warn about the coronavirus outbreak has sparked widespread public anger and grief in China. Li Wenliang died after contracting the virus while treating patients in Wuhan. 
On #Gravitas with @palkisu: +Wuhan Coronavirus: How China is trying to flip the script +India announces $22 Billion relief package +Pakistan's Quarantine HQ: PoK +G20 meet on Coronavirus  …
As the world grapples with Wuhan Coronavirus, China engages in daylight robbery, theft and increased military activity: Read how  …
Pakistan and Tableeghi Jamaat: Breeding grounds of Wuhan Coronavirus that are jeopardizing the health of entire South Asia  …
Can everyone on both sides stop cheering when they hear someone on the other side caught the Wuhan coronavirus? Rooting for someone to get ill just because they have different opinions than you is messed up. Show some decency to your fellow man in these hard times.
Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) on #Hannity: “We need an international investigation to make it clear to the world that this started in Wuhan, China, that the Chinese government lied about it...And here’s the other thing: They ought to be on the hook to pay back some of it.” 
How many virus cases within the epicenter in Wuhan? How many cases within the epicenter near Trump Tower in Manhattan? How much money would be available in NYC for public health if everyone paid their taxes? Who's not been paying their taxes in New York? Go figure ...  …
Tragically the first thing hundreds of people did with their freedom in Wuhan today was queue at this cemetery to arrange the funerals of their loved ones. The authorities have given them until April 5th to select a burial site and hold a ceremony #COVID19 #Wuhan 
Don’t forget that Among #G7 , Italy was first to join China’s #BeltandRoad initiative. Seeing the #ItalyCoronavirus experience World should call it as ‘Wuhan Virus’ or #ChinaVirus19 & reject the imperialist project called  …
Indeed, A Huge Crime Against The Humanity ! How will #China Answer 22,169 Innocents (Today) and still Increasing 'RIPs' due to What started in Wuhan, Then Not Informing The World & The Criminal Delay in Decision... Unpardonable Crime Against World & Humanity !  …
The Wuhan Virus is real. But the media-driven frenzy that made at least 3.3 M jobless, shut down large parts of the country, and canceled liberties of a free people is more dangerous by a matter of magnitude.  …
—>> The G7 failed to issue a joint statement on the Coronavirus response because the Trump administration insisted on including the phrase “Wuhan virus.”
Ram Ram ji China started #WuhanVirus to finish its own population in Wuhan & through them spread virus to South Korea, Spain, Italy, US, UK, Asian countries. China at start said #CoronavirusOubreak doesn’t travel by human transmission ? Now blocking transparency at UNSC 
Chinese state media uses the term "Wuhan Virus" in its headline Jan. 19. Stop claiming this is racist. It's descriptive, and it points blame to the #CCP's failure to close wet markets and support freedom of speech. #COVID19  …
Poll: Majority Disapprove Of News Media Handling Of Wuhan Virus  …
China #CCP's attack of #Taiwan will lead to WWIII. U.S. Navy firing a missile during South China Sea military drill is sending a strong message to China. As a loser of WWIII, China will be forced to pay reparations to cover BOTH war & #Wuhan virus damages.   …
China has almost 1500 type of Chinese virus developed in Wuhan laboratory 
In China, the test was approved by China’s Centers for Disease Control, and helped public health officials to keep pace with the burgeoning number of cases in Wuhan 
Wuhan Virus Restrictions Are Giving Pregnant Women The Shaft  …
Ebola Virus: Ebola River, Congo Middle East Respiratory Syndrome: Middle East region Zika virus: Zika forest, Uganda Hanta virus: Hantaan river, Korea If all pandemics get their name from place of origin then why calling #Covid19 as Wuhan Virus or Chinese Virus is racist?
On #Gravitas with @palkisu | 9 PM IST As the Wuhan Coronavirus spreads around the world, China tries to deflect blame How China is pushing a propaganda campaign to evade global scrutiny 
They've been so helpful in containing the Wuhan virus they took part in unleashing on the world.  …
Milan professor is 'CERTAIN' that coronavirus emerged in Wuhan first after Chinese state media linked the origin of pandemic to Italy 
12. We have established that Adrenochrome was being manufactured in Wuhan China. There have been reports that COVID-19 was created in the same laboratory. You can call me a wack job, a conspiracy theorist or whatever you want, but here is my theory.
Are you sure those buildings are in #Wuhan?  …
Corona’s real name is Wuhan Virus. Sadly , the only Chinese product which is genuine. @YRDeshmukh @Tarunvijay @TheJaggi @Abhina_Prakash @DrShobha @Si_lv_er @KanchanGupta @sushantsareen @swati_gs @MannMeeraPR @docofheart @ShefVaidya @Bharat_Lohani
Hey, attention whooore. You have DTS.......Not Wuhan Virus.  …
It also cites an unproven theory that the coronavirus emerged from a virology lab in Wuhan. No evidence has emerged indicating that Covid-19 was intentionally created as a biological weapon, and there is considerable evidence that it emerged naturally. 
Not racist when they're trying to kill you. #ChineseVirus is a Bioweapon from Wuhan, China. In a sane world, anyone defending it would've been tried for supporting war crimes.  …
Nearly all States in all Countries got infected with #ChineseVirus be it in Italy, Spain, USA, UK, Germany, India etc.But WHY only Wuhan was affected in China?? Nothing in Beijing?? Isnt this suspicious?? #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
Wuhan, we only knew it by Corona virus 
Wuhan Health Organization... RT as much as possible 
Can you imagine walking into your bosses office today and asking for a big raise? That’s what Nanshy Pelosi and the dumocrats have done. They stuffed a $25,000,000 raise for house members into a wuhan virus RESCUE PACKAGE. You ok with that?
Second Chinese property firm based in Australia found to have ordered employees to source medical supplies like surgical masks, antibacterial wipes and hand sanitiser in bulk for shipping to Wuhan in late Feb, possibly leading to shortages in Australia  …
Two concerning developments for US/China relations: 1. US ambassador to London said "had China done the right thing, much of the world would have been spared this pestilence" 2. G7 could not agree a joint statement in part because Pompeo insisted statement said 'Wuhan Virus'.
Pompeo held up the G7 meeting for hours yesterday because he insisted their statement refers to Coronavirus as Wuhan Virus. The other world leaders refused to be racist scumbags. This was a news story that was all over European news yesterday, in the US it was barely mentioned  …
Wuhan and it’s Tourism Chairman  up with new Slogan: We’ve flattened the curve and now it’s time for us to flatten you.... with hospitality!
After an article about a Wuhan doctor was blocked, thousands of people have used a variety of innovative means to keep sharing it.  …
5 Paradigm Shifts The Wuhan Crisis Has Revealed Americans Need  …
INPUT @ashokgehlot51 Sir, Pls isolate  for 3 months. No connect with the outside world for 3 months Bhilwara & Wuhan are connected cc @narendramodi @PMOIndia @MoHFW_INDIA
10% cured patients still testing positive: China's economic greed will give rise to a second wave of Wuhan virus. China is again risking the lives of innocent people of its country and the world altogether. #CoronavirusOutbreak #ChineseVirus19  …
No International passenger flights in or out till 14th April: India extends restriction in a bid to control Wuhan Coronavirus spread  …
Recovered coronavirus patients in Wuhan test positive again. Are they infectious? 
Hard to believe but COVID19 is NOT the worse case pandemic. We will be relatively fine in 2021 after this one. The worst is something like h5n1 (bird flu) crossing into humans. Where was last out break of bird flu? Wuhan. In January. 2020. It can happen, so let’s be prepared.
Wuhan Coronavirus: If India is testing too few, why is the percentage of ‘positives’ in India so low? An explainer by  …
The lockdown in the Chinese outbreak city of Wuhan brought the COVID-19 epidemic crashing to a halt, giving health systems crucial breathing room to deal with serious cases, new research has shown 
#ChineseVirus19 WHO = Wuhan Health Organization #ChineseVirus19  
About 60 per cent of people who contracted the #coronavirus in Wuhan are said to have been 'unreported', and recovered without medical care.  
Daily reminder that multiple Chinese officials have been fired or demoted so far, including: - Party Secretaries of Hubei and Wuhan - Party Secretary and Head of Hubei Health Commision - Deputy Head of Hubei Red Cross How many US officials have been fired again?  …
5 Paradigm Shifts #Wuhan Crisis Has Revealed #Americans Need Wholly agree w/5 points I'd add - parents must NOT give their parental authority over to public schools It's clear that 2 many children are indoctrinated, not educated  …
In China the Government has exonerated the front line medics who spoke out They fired the head of their HSE in Wuhan for suppressing HCW concerns In Ireland, as journalists like @susmitchellSBP have reported, the HSE attempted to suppress HCW PPE concerns What will we do?
Pathetic allocation of money. Parts of the Wuhan Coronavirus Bill are more dangerous than the virus itself. The abuse of power from Pelosi, Schumer and squad is pure disregard for the American people.  …
World should call it as ‘Wuhan Virus’ or ‘China Virus’ instead of Novel Corona or Covid-19 Virus - Here’s Why? -  …
Sleepy Joe says hes done with debates, his focus is on Coronavirus...what does he think he can do about Wuhan virus? This is his chance to keep his bumbling self off camera, of course he doesnt want to debate.  
1,500 different strains of viruses kept in the #Wuhan lab? No, now 1,499. #China #coronavirus #ChinaVirus  …
Amid strong protests by locals, the Pakistan army has started to move Wuhan virus positive patients from Punjab province to Pakistan occupied Jammu & Kashmir  …
G7 leaders can't agree on coronavirus statement because Pompeo pushing to call it "Wuhan virus": report  
Niha-  on sitting at AC room. She must go to Wuhan and check facts, than must say something. It's shameless tat without knowing anything she is justifying Chaina.
I can't help but feel that for too many the takeaway from Wuhan outbreak was that draconian quarantine measures are scary/evil, rather than the secrecy, government coverup & systemic mismanagement exacerbating an epidemic that made  lockdown necessary.
Why not ? China should prove first that the virus is not originated from Wuhan !! Even it spredaed first from china !! During such crisis no need to do politics.
China has accused Sec. Pompeo of having an “extreme evil intention” after he used the term “Wuhan virus” in relation to the coronavirus pandemic. 
Wuhan produced many bitter stories like this in January. Did we think the virus would only be cruel to Chinese victims? Horror.  …
Wuhan today: The 1st pic is a sign giving direction to the families where to collect the ashes of the #COVID19 victims. The 2nd pic is the queue. (Anyone makes stupid or  I will hesitate for 0 sec to block 
We all should be with @realDonaldTrump to call it Wuhan Virus  …
We must bear in mind the world only became aware of the virus around the end of December. After Chinese public health authorities reported several cases of acute respiratory syndrome in Wuhan City. We are only at March 26th, so everyone, including the experts, is still learning.
Truth hurts and the truth is #ChineseVirus is produced in LAB in WUHAN 
Long lines outside Hankou Funeral Home in #Wuhan on Mar 26. The big sign says:" Family members of people who died of #COVID2019, please go to the entrance of Jingyuan Building for the ashes. 50 meters away." It was said that some families have accepted... #CCPVirus 
China: Pompeo has "sinister motive" for pushing "Wuhan virus" language  
Reporting from Wuhan in early Jan with less than 40 cases worldwide of #COVIDー19 while most were detained, trading #Bitcoin. This is the Story of @Crypto_Bitlord. (...as he's banned from twitter)  . Listen now. Presented by @Bitpay & 
Secretary Pompeo said China to be held responsible for coronavirus outbreak & the virus referred to as the “Wuhan virus” to highlight China’s responsibility for the outbreak &  propaganda by Communist China that claims US military was responsible.  …
U.S. insisting that the U.N. call out Chinese origins of coronavirus-the draft language “the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Wuhan, Hubei province in the People's Republic of China (PRC) in November 2019.” seems accurate  …
On Tuesday, I asked Dr Fauci about strong potential for incorrect modeling for ICU beds and vents—numbers were based on the Imperial College study, not the newest Wuhan and Italy data. He didn’t really answer this point.  …
RT if you think calling Wuhan Kung Flu the 'Chinese Coronavirus' is not racist
Wuhan: Declared full lockdown after 23 deaths - 2000 deaths Italy: Declared full lockdown after 52 deaths - 6,802 dead & still rising UK went into lockdown after 433 deaths - London Underground trains are still chock full  n Supermarkets Take it serious #COVID19
The first person to test positive in Wuhan's infamous food market was a woman selling live shrimps 
They say that in Wuhan you could hear birds singing once more, as traffic subsided and the air cleared. The Chinese word for 'crisis' also bears the meaning of 'opportunity.' There are lessons in this for us... My latest for @openDemocracy on  …
To be consistent, the House Democrats suggestion to stop the Wuhan Virus would be higher taxes. Or does the higher taxes only work with stopping climate change?!
Coronavirus Australia: Chinese owned property developer Risland flew more than 82 tonnes of medical supplies to Wuhan  …
How did Australia let this happen? Chinese  flew 90 tons of medical supplies to Wuhan incl. 100,000 protective coveralls, 900,000 pairs of medical gloves, surgical masks, thermometers, antibacterial wipes, hand sanitisers, gloves, Panadol.  …
According to this piece, the whole Italian disaster started during the Ice Cream Fair in the third week of January: the booth from Wuhan and the one from Codogno (the epicentre of Italy’s COVID-19 epidemic) were next to each other:  …
G7 leaders can't agree on coronavirus statement because Pompeo pushing to call it "Wuhan virus": report  
In English for all to read; one sign how dysfunctional the political situation is in China/was in Wuhan. The country's own  cldn't meet city/province leaders on a trip that began Jan. 19, 2 months after atypical pneumonias began to spread:  …
There are more than 40000 medical staff assisting #Wuhan from all over #China. Why are zero of them infected? The video tells us why. It is the responsibility of any country to provide enough protective materials for medical staff. Soldiers must have helmets and guns. 
#DroneChina People stranded in other cities are returning back to Wuhan for work! Cars line up and wait to have temperature checks at the Wu'e high-speed toll station of #Wuhan. 
Do you remember the heart-touching moment when a medic couple dispatched to support #Wuhan hugged each other after recognizing each other by voice? They hugged again after the wife returned from Wuhan and finished her 14-day quarantine. 
OK, I'm not trying to be an idiot, or get kicked off Twitter, but if China has 1.3B people, and Wuhan has 11M people, and in that whole country 3,287 people died of coronavirus, how dangerous is this disease, really? Where is the boundary between prudence and paranoia?
This virus originated in Wuhan, China. The Chinese government has lied and covered it up for months. This pandemic is the responsibility of China. It is a Chinese virus.  …
Cherry blossoms are heading into full bloom in Wuhan -- ground zero of the COVID-19 outbreak. This university is normally crowded with people admiring the flowers. But this season, the campus is empty due to the ongoing lockdown.  
A plan to get China to close wet markets, improve the transparency of its data, or otherwise cooperate would be  But calling it “Wuhan Virus” isn’t going to get the job done.
Provide #COVID19 screening kits in public and privatehospital so doctors can screen patients. Spain and France facing acute shortage of medical staff due to spread of virus in  Doctors in Wuhan caused spread of virus due to lack of testing early in disease!
Phase One: Create Chaos. Phase Two: Blame Trump I suspect, in the end, the Wuhan Flu will prove to be far more deadly to the Democrat Party than to America. I have confidence that this will be Trump's finest hour! 
The cherry blossom park in Wuhan is opened today especially for the medical staff,  from all over China to assist the fight against 
WHO = Wuhan Health Organization 
Just chatted with a friend in France who is in lockdown and he reminded me that I had told him in the end of January that in Wuhan, the crematoria were running 24/7. He asked me why nobody in Europe took this seriously then? Good question.
Usually a fan of Kate McClymont but not her articles on  in Australia buying up masks etc & shipping them to Wuhan. This feeds into the populist 'blame the Chinese' strategy being pushed by Trump & far right identities such as Hanson & Latham [Thread /1]
#China Is Avoiding Blame by Trolling the World #Beijing is successfully dodging culpability for its role in spreading the #coronavirus The evidence of China’s deliberate cover-up of the coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan is a matter of public record.  …
Swine Flu some say originated in Mexico and some say in North Carolina USA - No one called it American flu; Mad Cow disease originated in UK, no one called it British Mad Cow Disease. Why is Trump so adamant to call #coronavirus as Wuhan or Chinese Virus?  …
Devastating photos from Wuhan today.  …
‘you must have looked, as a government minister, at Wuhan, you must have looked at the Chinese building hospitals in 6dys, you must have looked at the kind of protective clothing that was being used there how could that  into something that you have to be ready here?’ 
This is an opportunity for UN to regain TRUST by initiating action against China for: 1. Developing biological agents capable of mass destruction 2. Concealing information 3. Allowing people from infected Wuhan to travel 4. Trying to profit from the catastrophe  …
The U.S. wanted a statement referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan virus." Other nations disagreed. 
