Yes #coronarovirus is knocking at NZs door & whether you're out panic buying milk, condoms or tins of spaghetti & chick peas or heaven forbid ........you're bloody well fighting over toilet paper... But no matter what your Wuhan frenzy is... STOP CALM DOWN..& #TurnArdern. 
CNN’s Jim Acosta Calls Trump Racist For Pointing Out Origin of Coronavirus – Just Weeks After He Did the Same Thing The Wuhan Coronavirus  from China, just ask Acosta he tweeted it ( SEE BELOW) ! So it must be true! You guess it – racist!  
I'm not sure why people keep saying China hid coronavirus for weeks This is a December 31 Reuters article edited by @mgerrydoyle (a China critic) that discusses investigation by Wuhan On Jan 3  family members who were scared Who knew? Many  …
Chen Qiushi is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. No written notice. No phone call. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 37 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
The Left doesn’t want to discuss COVID-19’s Wuhan origins because then they can’t use it to politically attack their opponents, Outsiders host @RitaPanahi  …
SORRY MAAM, BUT THE ONLY WAY YOU'LL STAY #WUHANVIRUS FREE ON A COMMERCIAL AIRLINE IS TO WEAR A HAZMAT SUIT...PERIOD!: Stay Wuhan Virus-free while flying by using these health tips on airplanes  #FoxBusiness
GREAT news! Trump has officially tested negative for Wuhan virus.
Breaking News: President Trump tested NEGATIVE for the Coronavirus (Wuhan Virus). Leftist everywhere are disappointed. They know I’m right.
President @realDonaldTrump has tested NEGATIVE for the Wuhan Coronavirus!!! 
See how it's coordinated? So they were all calling it for what it was - Chinese Wuhan virus, and then they began politicizing it and called it the Trump virus, and now when Trump calls it the Wuhan virus he's a racist for doing so. And the useful idiots forget they called it that
Since Trump has now taken the Coronavirus Test and the results were Negative, will the Press start asking questions about China trying to blame the Pandemic on the US Military? Of course not. They think even referring to it as “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus is “offensive”.
Remember when the media called it the Wuhan virus? That's now considered racist 
President Trump tests "Negative" for the Wuhan Virus!
In this local COVID-19 talk I gave yesterday, I provided background, summarized and interpreted the main findings of our analysis of 25,000+ cases in Wuhan. I provided several take home messages and practical  especially for handling the situation in US  …
Just a heads up my Patriot brothers and sisters in Georgia, the March 24th presidential primary has been postponed until May because of the "Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus!"
If President Trump tests positive for the Wuhan virus you'll see liberals partying in the street. If he tests negative they'll say he's lying. These people are sick and getting sicker.
Anyone know why @ChrisMurphyCT was NOT tested for The Wuhan Virus last month when he secretly met with High ranking Iranian officials ?????? ...did he bring it back to the US???
This virus was created in 2015. Gates owns the patent. Soros has ownership in the  where it was manufactured. They thought she would win...
Not even the #coronavirus stops same-day fresh fish deliveries in Wuhan 
Know The Symptoms of Coronavirus @WHO World Health Organization #WHO #WorldHealthOrganization #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic #coronoviruswuhan #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanVirus #Wuhan 
only took 30 seconds for him to make a wuhan pun. “wu-hont believe this” you’re right matt i cant believe your fucking audacity
BREAKING NOW!!!! GLORY TO GOD!! PRESIDENT IS NEGATIVE FOR THE WUHAN VIRUS!!!  …
Working closely with liver doctors in Wuhan to better understand liver enzyme abnormalities and liver dysfunction in Covid-19! Let us collaborate to help our patients and contain this pandemic!!
ICYMI: Liberal media pundits want you to think referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan" or "Chinese" virus is racist. Here's just a few of the times the liberal media did just that. 
Shut up, you Succubus De Blasio: You Know, We Need to Nationalize Businesses to Fight the Wuhan Virus  …
Life is always unexpected. Wuhan is now giving hope to the World.  …
Wow! All health care folk should listen 2 this webinar by @WHO Bruce Aylward on how China controlled #COVID19 “talk to your population like adults” - they are your surveillance system. Only Wuhan locked down; rest - public info; testing; case/CLOSE contact isolation  …
Smooth sea never makes a good sailor It’s the turbulence that shows the real character Leadership of Government of India, airlifting it’s citizens from Wuhan to Milan shows its clear vision Congratulations on executing early on Corona crisis @USISPForum @DrSJaishankar @PMOIndia
Not sure but for Christ’s sake don’t take him to Wuhan  …
Dear Wuhan Lu, What's the mortality rate of meth addicted gay hookers in Miami motels at 3 am with men you endorse for government positions? #AndrewGillum #TedLieuIsCorrupt #COVIDー19 #ChineseCoronavirus #SaturdayThoughts  …
Libdopes just can't help they're Mental Disorder !!! They’ve Got Him Now! Reporter Tweets Angst About Trump Wearing ‘USA’ Hat at Wuhan Virus Briefing  …
Terrible stuff Their fellow journalists owe it to them to fly to Wuhan and get to the bottom of the story  …
Every single death from the Wuhan Virus is reported like it's news. How many hours have the cable News spent telling you about the base in Iraqi which Iran bombed twice, killing three, or that Trump killed their SECOND Leader of the IRGC in defensive retaliation?
Taiwan brought in checks on travellers from Wuhan at the end of December #cdnpoli #bcpoli
"One of the tipoffs to the seriousness of the Wuhan situation was the absence of data: After initial disclosures from officials on Dec. 31, the statements stopped. “China always reports their good news. When you don’t hear anything for five days, it warrants more investigation."  …
Also important to note that the Wuhan whistleblower doctor--a medical professional--ended up dying under a respirator at the age of 33.
It’s what’s happening. An ICU specialist in a small city calculated it this way: 50% of the city gets infected, that’s 75,000 people. If 5% need life support (as estimated) that’s 3,750 people. For 25 beds. It happened in Wuhan, Milan, Seattle already at capacity, NYC soon...
Hi!, you can read it here: Thread by @Susan_Hennessey: This! It’s shocking people are out socializing. 12% of Wuhan patients needed ventilators…  …. Have a good day.
Which Democrats have been Tested for the Wuhan Virus I haven't heard of any yet
100% literacy or 100% idiots. Kerala man with Wuhan coronavirus mingled with 1,000 people in malls and   who kill people for political differences are sitting home like cowards and doing nothing.  …
This! It’s shocking people are out socializing. 12% of Wuhan patients needed ventilators, even fraction of that translates to *thousands* of Americans. I’m going to add my personal plea for people to take this point more seriously. Here is what being on a ventilator feels like:  …
not true, Phil Coorey that this is sudden, unknown...This has been a major story since Dec? and then major WHO concern late Dec...read the WHO Wuhan interim report *China had a policy of meticulous case and contact identification for COVID-19* we’ve been slack #insiders
They’re calling it the Wuhan Flu on Fox. Given the number of sexual harassment lawsuits at their network, I’ll let them call it that as long as they accept that we’re now calling herpes #FoxPox.
When the Coronavirus finds out that people are calling it the Wuhan Virus: 
There's a lot of talk in the conspiracy sphere about the Wuhan biotech lab. But answer is, why would China infect itself on Chinese new year? Why were China & Iran first hit. Which lab do we know created a Coronavirus that crosses from bats to humans?  …
Stephen King called attention Friday to the number of white men gathered with President @realDonaldTrump addressing the Wuhan #coronavirus. DEMOCRATS ARE CONSUMED WITH RACE AND GENDER. SAD  …
Just a reminder: if you followed me the last few months, you were ahead of the curve on Wuhan virus. The great guys at @WarRoom2020 also warned people before most media outlets took it seriously. Congrats to @RaheemKassam & @JasonMillerinDC & Steve Bannon! Watch their show.
Is this lady stupid or just acts like one? She was literally screaming and taunting Govt. for not bringing the students back from Wuhan a few days ago. How do you do that dual face thing? I can’t cope.  …
AOC used Wuhan flu panic to push a pay off of stud. loans. Feds will use a short term trans. to put $1.5T in stocks to stabilize the market. AOC: it'd almost pay off stud. loan debt. Aside from the stupidity, no ck will be cut for anything.  …
The Hill has gone over the Hill with TDS insanity. This pandemic is unprecedented for a virus that’s been around since the 1990s and mutated from Coronavirus to the Wuhan virus. Nothing is set in stone! Coronavirus exposes Trump's greatest weaknesses  …
Well the Wuhan gets real... Lost 75% of our remaining clients due to lay off for Corona Virus for at least 3 - 6 weeks. Add that to the 40% we lost a few weeks ago to railroad blockades who haven't returned. In total we will be down over 80% Leaves us 15%. Small Biz in panic.
Only 6,200 fans attended Rabbits v Sharks game to watch Latrell Mitchell's Souths debut. Even if a few thousand stayed away worried by Wuhan illness, it's still a DISMAL number. Advertising Mitchell as a political symbol instead of a great player has been a DISASTER for the game.
People who have been following the Wuhan outbreak from day 0 are basically time travelers at this point, spoiling what people will experience in the next few weeks.
After a Chinese ambassador suggested the US military planted the coronavirus in Wuhan, the @StateDept had a meeting with him and "stern" words were 
Hantianqi, the 98-year-old Chinese renowned astronomer, and his wife, both of whom contracted the #coronavirus, have been cured and fully recovered. The couple was discharged from #Wuhan’s hospital on Saturday. 
Considering buying a gecko  during the quarantine and naming him Lil Wuhan.
Wuhan   to a city near you courtesy of the Chinese Communist Party  …
I'm tired of the globalist owned big media who is paid by big Pharma advertisements fanning the flames of the WUHAN Corona COVID-19 virus hysteria. On March 17, 2020 let's boycott all TV news media until they figure out that we are in charge. RT if you agree. #WWG1WGA 
This mindset explains why Chris Hayes of  on Twitter how he found it "bizarre" that Trump was getting the big chain pharmacy stores involved in the effort to halt the spread of the Wuhan virus.
Wuhan Zall, the Chinese soccer team that was stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak, is now going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe. by 
Like I said, "borderline traitorous media" and why I'm mostly calling #COVIDー19 the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus.  …
While scientists sounded the alarm, Trump/Mulvaney called it a hoax. Trump said it would"just go away". Pompeo refused to say it was NOT a hoax in a congressional hearing, & called it the "Wuhan Virus" on FOX to spread xenophobia&"otherism". And, you&Cornyn post Corona beer pics.
There is a near-literal Cassandra element to this, insofar as Italy and Wuhan show us what the future looks like and people are ignoring it  …
Hysteria over coronavirus, stock markets largely a Media-driven hoax; Media repeating Chinese propaganda on Wuhan virus to tank the stock market; Wuhan virus has been in the US longer than reported The Tara Show - 3-12-20 - Hour 4  …
After Vancouver (Canada) put in a 15% offshore tax to stop mainland Chinese buying up all their property in 2016, the Chinese swarmed the Seattle market, buying 1000s of homes, bumping up prices, and moving to Seattle. Result: Seattle is USA’s hotspot for Wuhan Coronavirus.  
This says George Soros owns a  in Wuhan where the coronavirus broke out. Note the 666 address. 
YOU #XiJinping #China #Wuhan STARTED #COVID19 BECAUSE OF YOUR LACK OF #AnimalWelfare #AnimalRights #AnimalProtectionLaws NO DOUBT & WORLD KNOWS THIS IS FROM YOUR SADISTIC TORTURE OF INNNOCENT DIFFERENT #Animals #Speices #Dogs #Cats #Pets #CHINA SPREAD NOT 
One things for sure, I bet Prince Andrew is well pleased Wuhan Virus has upstaged his current predicament!
Tump Has Been Tested for Wuhan Virus; Media Who Were Unhappy He Wasn't Tested Now Unhappy He Has Been  …
As I am (shamefully) seeing CCP propaganda getting repeated by (idiotic) blue chekist US media, a reminder that the Wuhan-origin of the Virus was not doubted by the Russians who quickly shut the Russian-Chinese border on January 30 #DragonBear   …
Joe Biden set up his own Wuhan virus "task force." Who did he pick to lead it? Ezekiel Emanuel, an architect of Obamacare, who thinks life isn't worth living after the age of 75 Sick and distasteful when thinking about #COVID19's impact on the  …
*Holy shit* CCP officials in Wuhan tried to organize a “gratitude education campaign” to thank President Xi. And ... “There were so many critical online posts that censorship authorities did not have enough hands on deck to delete them all.”  …
FYI: Pres. Trump has declared Sunday a National Day of Prayer. In the midst of the spread of the Wuhan flu & mass closings, cancellations, & panic it has spawned, @POTUS has  a National Day of Prayer for Sunday, March 15th. TY Pres.  …
I can't believe people are answering China when they hid key information for weeks and declared quarantine just before its New Year when people had already left Wuhan.  …
How do we really know that #COVIDー19 patient zero was in Wuhan? Maybe it was simply the first time a doctor isolated and differentiated it from other kinds of #coronavirus. Who are they testing for it? Perhaps they should test the general population for  …
Bloody Wuhan what doesn’t cure you makes you ummm ... no longer care!! 
U.S. Military May Be Responsible For Bringing Virus To China, “It Might Be U.S. Army Who Brought The Epidemic To Wuhan”  
People don’t seem to understand... these countries offer few lessons for us now. It is too late for contact tracing. We are in the Wuhan stage, not the rest of Chine stage. Our entire country is about to be Wuhan.  …
Those who say that Wuhan virus is racist ought to recognize that the Spanish flu is also racist.
#COVIDー19 Is this where Coronavirus really started. China's first top level bio-safety lab in Wuhan This is the video released by China when it opened 
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  #FBR
Blogger in Florida raised the alarm about Wuhan virus in late December - FluTracker  …
There is more important news than the Wuhan virus hysteria in the legacy media. Read here:  …
Instead of dunking on Trump as he tries to save lives, it would be nice if a few journalists were curious how exactly the coronavirus started in Wuhan, China. Seems relevant to a pandemic.
Your Wuhan Virus Update: March 14 [#cases/#recovered] Italy: 21,156/1,966 South Korea: 8,086/510 Spain 6,023/517 Germany: 4,174/46 France: 3,672/12 US: 2,571/12 Japan 725/118 Italy's cases doubled in 3 days. Official recovery rates are very low.  …
CNN Jim Acosta Claims saying "Wuhan Corona Virus" "China Corona Virus" is Racist & Xenophobic. So I did 2 Minutes of Actual Journalism. I Searched "CNN Wuhan Corona Virus" & This is what I Found CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN all refered to it as "Wuhan or China Corona Virus" 
This is my Mum. She lives in the UK. With me living in NZ it’s already hard being so far from her during the COVOD19 pandemic. Yesterday she was subjected to racial abuse by a man who yelled at her and told to go back to Wuhan. Yes times are stressful - but please try to be kind. 
I know we were mad about the students in Wuhan, but, honestly, they’re safer in China than here. People that side have protocols. Here we have solidarity and vibes.
President @realDonaldTrump is accurate to call it the Wuhan China Virus! Here's proof that the msm are hypocrites! RT if you agree! 
Yes folks, We’ve  to “President wears hat” outrage! TDS is way worse than the Wuhan virus! 
Whoever answers this correctly will win a free trip to China(Wuhan) "Who is d president of Nigeria?"
Centrelink cuts off payments to family trapped in Wuhan  … via @ABCNews
TRUTH OR PROPAGANDA? China reported only 11 new cases of #coronavirus Businesses are starting back up across China & in #Wuhan Video -shows workers taking off mask insinuating there FREE of virus but its not clear if this TRUTHFUL or Chi-com PROPAGANDA 
In Canada you can clear customs with a fever of 104, cough your guts out, and literally be wearing a “I went to Wuhan and all I got was COVID-19” t-shirt and all they’d do is make sure you didn’t bring in any fresh fruit or vegetables.  …
Watch: CNN Accidentally Makes the Case for Why the Coronavirus Should Be Called the Wuhan Coronavirus 
From Bedford: Why The Pelosi Wuhan Virus 'Deal' Is A Near-Total GOP Surrender  …
If “some of you” really think Zhao Lijian really done this badly about saying “it’s *probably” brought to China by the US.” You have to think about how hundreds of American “government officials” spreading “Wuhan virus”. You think you are not Asian looking, so you won’t face-
Very proud of President Trump for how he’s been handling the Wuhan virus outbreak recently That’s my president!
I went shopping & found an abundant supply of TP... in case you didn't finish your panic room. #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaVirus #Corona #COVID19 #Wuhan #WuhanVirus 
He is part of a group that's want to depopulate the planet. His lab and the Wuhan lab are partners. He thinks 500 million people should populate the earth.
#US donated 17.8 tons of medical supplies for #WuhanCoronavirus to #China in Feb. China now spreads conspiracy theory to smear the US in Mar. Conclusion: Don't help China any more. China only bites the hand that feed it. #COVID2019 #COVID19 #Wuhan  …
BREAKING: China is now blaming the United States for the coronavirus after they covered up the Wuhan outbreak - 
Global Wuhan Flu deaths so far this year: 2765 Global deaths from hunger for just TODAY: 13,860 Things that make you go... ...
PIRBRIGHT OWNS PATENT FOR CORONAVIRUS BILL GATES FOUNDATION OWNS PIRBRIGHT LAST NIGHT HE STEPPED AS THE CEO OF MICROSOFT THEY ARE HARVESTING ADRENOCHROME IN WUHAN FOR ELITES 
. MAGA HEALTH - - TRUMP ADMIN EXPANDS TRAVEL BANS from SEVERAL MORE COUNTRIES Trump Administration Expands Travel Bans Over the Wuhan Virus Outbreak .  …
#COVID19 update: Doctors in Wuhan tell me that pts w/ digestive symptoms, like diarrhea, took longer to present for care than those w/out & fared worse. Suggests some have GI symptoms & don't realize could be covid-19. The investigators plan to publish; will await for more info.
SA has repatriated its nationals from #Wuhan The sense of nationalism amongst SA can be felt. Meanwhile Zimbabwe behaves like the poor cousin ignoring its own still holed up in Wuhan. We don’t have a State, we have a criminal syndicate running the country unaccountable to no one 
Tump Has Been Tested for Wuhan Virus; Media Who Were Unhappy He Wasn’t Tested Now Unhappy He Has Been  …
OVERHEARD on 3/6 - a scientist who attended a CoronaVirus meeting: The virus is undoubtedly man-made Origin is the bio lab near Wuhan Market Virus was tested on dogs Dogs with virus either accidentally or purposely sold to the Market for consumption Can't verify. WOW if true
This is right across from my office. Racism and xenophobia of this kind have absolutely no place in my district or our country. It’s exactly why I have demanded that our elected officials act responsibly and immediately stop calling COVID-19 the “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus.  …
I just got over a horrific two week long flu that had all the same symptoms of Wuhan, -fever, cough, and shortness of breath. I also had excessive congestion, severe headaches, and a massive sore throat. The only symptom I didn't get was the need to hoard toilet paper.
Warning: disturbing video. Some say this is whole family died at home due to #COVID2019 at Jixianli Community in Qiaokou District in #Wuhan. Offical report says the above is a rumor. This video is from Feb 17. 75 y/o retired professor Tang(of #Wuhan University) and spouse... 
Solidarity is great. But when the people of Wuhan did the same thing they were ridiculed all over Twitter. Just sayin’  …
China is a huge problem for the world. China gave us COVID-19, aka Wuhan Pneumonia,aka #JinbuFlu. Decades of Western trade & investment has papered over that problem. All we've done is prop up a police state & a dangerously backwards food-distribution system making the world sick
They say that in Wuhan after so many years of noise You can hear the birds again. They say that after just a few weeks of quiet The sky is no longer thick with fumes But blue and grey and clear. They say that in the streets of Assisi People are singing to each other
do not trust RED china, we must protect our President/Staff at all costs, Red china is  country that slaughtered millions of their own people. could/would they use the wuhan virus as a weapon against the President/staff/our citizenry? Absolutely, FBI are you monitoring
I think this Wuhan to Milan link needs to be investigated further. This might be why the virus is decimating Italy.
Whoops, misspoke. EIGHT-NINE PER CENT of Italy's Wuhan virus deaths were over the age of 70, not 60. And not sure if we can trust the China #'s, but I think it's pretty well established at this point extremely few people below 30 die from this. 
Never Trump ABC Chief Political Analyst Matthew Dowd Just Got Flamed for Hypocrisy Over the Wuhan Virus, in Two Tweets  …
CNN . @Acosta jumps on the superior donkey and bashes @POTUS and Rs for “racist” Wuhan virus remarks. Tucker: “It was just two weeks ago, and we keep track, that .Acosta was using “Wuhan virus” in his now deleted 
Don't you people ever shut up? The TDS is worse than the Wuhan Virus.  …
Google has a Wuhan virus webpage, "whoopie." It's  of typical MSM outlets. MSM, was eager to claim Trump "lied" during his nat. emerg. decl. re: Google involvement, called it "Trump's hoax." Verify is a part of Google. MSM is "WRONG"!  …
Trump is a genius He bypassed the  govt. bureaucracy & brought in the private sector. This was a genius move & the markets responded with a record rally. Fake media doesn’t know what to do now except whine about how calling it the Wuhan virus is racist when they did it
 to all South Africans from Wuhan China!  home. We know you moved from quarantine to quarantine. But you are home now, you will meet your loved ones soon; they await you all with great anticipation. Just two more weeks. Strength to you
#China did not want India to evacuate,students,as that would scare people about China's ability to tackle #coronavirus But on 3rdFeb,323 Indian students were airlifted from #Wuhan;India was the earliest to issue travel advisory against China,well before US,Australia,France,etc!
I was just contacted by doctors in Wuhan analyzing the data from #COVID2019. They are saying that nearly half of confirmed cases had diarrhea, and those cases fared worse. Important to know that digestive symptoms are part of the syndrome, including loose stools, low appetite.
Did you know you can now test for Wuhan Virus from home in California? Just send a stool sample to the Governor’s office and they’ll take it from there.
32 children (2-17 y/o) at one quarantine cite at #Qingshan District in #Wuhan #China have  orphans during #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina. Volunteers are asking for donations(books, clothes, shoes, etc) for 
Has anyone else noticed we don't hear much of the Wuhan Virus spreading throughout the so-called "Homeless Community?" I wonder why that is? 
In Wuhan the delivery workers were critical to keeping everyone fed and safe. We should demand amazon, Uber, door dash, etc all provide health insurance and proper protective gear for their contractors. They are also first responders over the next few months.  …
Why The Pelosi Wuhan Virus ‘Deal’ Is A Near-Total GOP Surrender For Blue-Collar Entrepreneurs  …
Our leaders are mismanaging our money in a grotesque and careless manner. This is bill will cause more damage than the Wuhan Virus. IT IS WASTEFUL  …
The wonderful videos of flash mobs in #Italy singing in solidarity from balconies during #COVID19 lockdown, sent me searching for videos I was sure came out of #China during quarantine lockdown in Feb. This is #Wuhan: Wuhan Jiayou! Come on Wuhan! 
Communism is incapable of supporting a country. Communism has killed more citizens of  countries than all wars in human history. Communist leaders feel no remorse in jailing or executing their citizens. Did Communist China release the Wuhan Virus to thin the herd
take care out there, wuhan coronavirus has nearly 90% mortality rate among patients also infected with TDS.
This shows the importance of isolating ppl like in Wuhan. It’s time for European govs to show force. As it is now, the authoritian Chinese system is proving to function better than European democracies. European countries have to do smth or lose face 
Trump confirms he has taken the Wuhan virus test 
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak #Covid_19 
 requisite quarantine period and being tested negative twice in 16 days of stay, 112 Wuhan evacuees including 36 foreigners leave the ITBP facility, Chhawla, New Delhi in different batches. #UserGeneratedContent #CoronaVirusUpdates @kamaljitsandhu 
In the midst of a global pandemic, liberal journalists fight the public over calling coronavirus "Wuhan flu" or "COV19." And for good reason. If they control the names of things, they control "the frame." They control public opinion. That's why every fact is contested.
Watch this video, how all of them called it the China Wuhan Coronavirus Now they are calling Trumps travel Ban racist! You people talk out of both sides of your heads. The hatred for @realDonaldTrump you people have make you all look 
Instead of yelling “Woohoo” at concerts and events, effective immediately, I’m going to start yelling “Wuhan” and see how long it takes me to reach the front row.
A video released shows Chinese Medical Doctors in Wuhan celebrating end of #CoronavirusOubreak and closing of last temporary hospital....Question remains....is this TRUTH or PROPAGANDA?! #ChineseCoronavirus #SaturdayThoughts #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
Anyway, in summation, I believe we have two different sources for Covid19, naturally spreading from Wuhan, and then from spiked adrenochrome.
Black hats got wind that there supply was tainted, either by early suspicious deaths, or some other reason, and decided to muddy the waters and help cloak their reputation, by releasing the virus into the public by way of the Wuhan car crash.
What if, we have TWO sources of the Coronavirus out there. The Wuhan transmitted normally version, and then the adrenochrome junkie version. Why you ask? Let’s look at the adrenochrome version, that’s a White Hat move to punish the sick users and abusers...
With the news of the worlds rising death count, starting in Wuhan, here’s some hopeful news From Wuhan..light at the end of a dark tunnel Thanks redfish 
Chris is a discredited reporter who spewed lies and nonsense about Russian collusion. Extremely shallow, mentally. Can't find anything good to say about all the great work @realDonaldTrump has done to contain the Wuhan Virus. Definitely not a Patriot, hates USA.
Taiwan came first in tackling #ChinaVirus 1) Taiwan does not trust the CCP and as a nation they call them murderous thugs. 2) In December , Taiwan began screening all travelers from Wuhan 3) 3 weeks before those Criminals at CCP admitted , Taiwan had a plan in place.
I drew a simple "timeline" about the virus Lab in Maryland, the strange pneumonia in the US, the 7th CISM World Games in #Wuhan, and the "Zero" patient with #coronavirus.Everything is unknown, but I believe scientists will eventually find the answer. Perhaps. #Coronavid19 #Wuhan 
"Someone in front of us tested positive but showed no symptoms." Man says he took him mom to a #Wuhan hospital for a swollen foot, only to find out the asymptomatic person in front of them had #coronavirus. The latest #CoronaVirusUpdates ➤  
This is a heartbreaking piece about 2 healthcare workers in Wuhan who got very sick w/ #COVID19. Frontline HCWs risk their lives fighting #Coronavirus. It’s a disgrace that so many HCWs in the don’t have the personal protective equipment they  …
New reports out of Wuhan indicate that the earliest survivors of this virus may be starting to gain bat powers.
Neither did Dean Koontz author a novel in 1981 concerning a bioweapon that originated in Wuhan nor did he predict the COVID-19 outbreak. Furthermore, ‘Gorki-400’ (later renamed to ‘Wuhan-400’) does not mirror the novel coronavirus.  …
Try to find this information on ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC, or any media outlet dedicated to puting this who Chinese Wuhan Flu problem on Trump's shoulder while promoting socialized medicine. Your thougts?
TRUTH OR PROPAGANDA? China Releases Video of Wuhan Medical Workers Celebrating End of Coronavirus Outbreak (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
President Trump does not need to be tested for the #Wuhan #Coronavirus, the president’s physician  …
Me accepting the reality that the US government pandemic response is so bad, that you will actually get better healthcare if you flee from the US and run to Wuhan. Also accepting that our nationalist pride is so great that we won't accept international help, even as we fumble.  
3. The Indian Air Force evacuated a total of723 Indians,37 foreign nationals from Wuhan. India evacuated 119 Indians and 5foreign nationals from Japan IAF also evacuated 58 Indian pilgrims from Iran on the 10th of March. Total: 900 Indians and 48 foreign nationals. #COVID19India
LISTEN CAREFULLY WUHAN HARVARD = BFFL  …
Largest Hospital in KP, Lady Reading Hospital closes its OPD and other sections, keeping operations at a minimum to avoid crowds. Learning from Wuhan, this is a step in the right direction. 
BREAKING: President Trump has taken the Wuhan virus test
NBA cancelled their season because they are in bed with China. Wuhan Corona Virus. Any questions???
I ate 10 garlic pills to prepare myself for social distancing, I blew a tremendous fart......I had the "Ralphs' on Magnolia smelling like Wuhan......
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… Because of the Wuhan flu, is it time to shut the southern border?
The US cant do full lockdown that occurred in Wuhan. People need to be able to take care of themselves and their families. But we can do many of the other things China did, as well as the other countries that have had success so far in slowing this disease down. 14/x
While Wuhan and Hubei had very high rates of transmission through mid February, the impact of large scale interventions starting in late January had clear impact quickly after they were made. 13/x
True conservatives have covered Wuhan virus accurately to provide timely information and transparency to the people who we care about Others have hid behind smokescreens and lies Be smart!
Note while the Wuhan virus has killed only a handful of people under 60, it has devastating to those 80+.  …
Comfort is why USA/Europe are reeling from Wuhan Virus. Too  makes you lazy and feeling invincible - you stop researching, stop improving, stop innovating, stop building. Then one day, serious trouble rears it's head, and you start scampering, pants down, unprepared
India's outreach in SAARC on #CoronaOutbreak Evacuation from China/Japan China (Wuhan) --9 Maldivians --23 Bangaldeshis Diamond Princesses (Japan) --1 Nepali --2 Sri Lankas --Medical supplies to Maldives --Technical Support to Bhutan, Afghanistan 
Liberal media losers want you to think that Trump is racist for referring to the coronovirus as the “Wuhan” or “Chinese” virus. Here is just a few times the liberal media did just that! Follow Me! @JayTheJayhawker RT this Tweet! Add your @handle Follow All! 
India,till date, has evacuated 900 of it's Citizens and 48 foreign Nationals belonging to 10 different countries from Wuhan Coronavirus affected regions. Which other country has done something on similar lines?
TRUTH OR PROPAGANDA? China Releases Video of Wuhan Medical Workers Celebrating End of Coronavirus Outbreak (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
"Infamous Trump-hater & low-info political wannabe Joy Behar is taking a leave of absence from ‘The View.’ Sadly, she’s not going away for good-Behar is scared of contracting the ‘Wuhan Coronavirus’ so she’s leaving the show until things settle down.’  …
In the AGE of Wuhan Corona Virus he’s stronger more useful than SUPERMAN Wipes up better than any Man can “TOILET PAPER MAN ” No if’s or BUTTS he is The Man. Will Save You from the WUHAN 
Exploiting Irrational Fear, Pelosi Wuhan Virus ‘Deal’ Pushes Thru Taxpayer-Funded Abortion, Welfare While Abandoning America’s Small and Mid-Sized Businesses: Democrats are doing a Wuhan dance. They found their bat to attack the President while passing…  
I guess death by fire doesn't count as Wuhan virus statistics
If this is going to be a "Wall Street had huge gains yesterday" affair I am yeeting myself into a Wuhan animal market.  …
If u go down to Aarons Furniture and drop ur $1400 tax refund on an 80 in. tv you have to pay $45 a month for 3 years, dont be pissed at the world in a month when ur limited on hours because of the Wuhan Flu If you're looking for someone to blame Look in the mirror & say ur name
 to hear that a quarantine in the US wouldn't work like in China bc "we're a democracy" or whatever but Chinese citizens weren't quarantined against their will. Even western reporters admitted that the overwhelming majority of Wuhan supported the quarantine.
Wuhan Virus provides Democrats another reason to HIDE JOE BIDEN! #CagedBiden
Hey racist @TomiLahren, Since you insisted on calling #coronavirus the Wuhan virus, I hope you call the half million testing kits Jack Ma is donating to us the Wuhan test kits, since we can’t make ones that work.  …
A genuine question. If it isn’t seasonal (and we don’t know yet) how does a lockdown end before a vaccine, which is unlikely to be this year? Ie infections go down. We all go back to work and school. Infections go back up. How does it end? I guess we keep an eye on Wuhan??
David Videcette Please explain how a virus (identified in Wuhan in Dec 2019) spread to the Canadian prime minsters wife, one of Hollywood’s top actors & his wife, a League football manager, and a British member of parliament - within 16 weeks while bypassing the majority of us?
If we do not enact very painful sanctions against China for allowing a highly contagious virus to escape their Wuhan lab, then they will never take the appropriate steps to ensure this never happens again
Boris Johnson promised to “take back control of our borders, so that dangerous criminals can no longer exploit free movement”, yet refuses to close our borders during this pandemic. Would you prefer we allow in dangerous criminals or people infected with the Wuhan Coronavirus?
How did Wuhan, the epicenter of #CoronavirusOutbreak in China, contain the spread of the virus? How did China mobilize its medical resources to save lives? Find the answers in CGTN's special production: "Fight to Reunite: How Wuhan tackled #COVID19" 
Not just these, one of the first ones getting #CoronaVirus in India was 1 medical student who came back from #Wuhan. She refused to isolate herself n get the tests done with same reasons. Authorities had to put a lot of force to get her out of house. We all know of that religion.
The aircraft chartered by the SANDF carrying more than 110 South Africans from Wuhan, China, landed earlier today in Polokwane International Airport. South African Airways is extremely proud to have been part of this repatriation. 
Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Zhao Lijian let the world know more clearly the name of the virus: Wuhan 
this next baby boom generation should be named Corona Kids. Id say Wuhan Virus Kids but that doesn’t roll of the tongue as well.
And to be clear, lest you think I'm some China apologist, I think China only instituted this break-the-transmission policy via constant testing & patient isolation *after* they left Wuhan to burn. My guess is that 500k people in Wuhan were infected w/ CV-19 and 20k people died.
#Bannon: When we started this show, #China was the only country that had #coronavirus, not that many cases in #Wuhan If Dr. Gabriel Leung's estimate was right, over 1B people infected by May #WarRoomPandemic #CoronaVirusUpdates Listen & watch 
How many California homeless Vets have been tested for Wuhan Virus? @GavinNewsom Start holding liberals responsible for failed policies and  leadership!
Follow the white rabbit, Wuhan, Adrenocrome and Tom Hanks is the Man with one red shoe...... #CoronaVirusUpdates #SaturdayMorning  
Good News! After staying in a quarantine site in a university in Wuhan for two weeks, 172 cured patients of the novel #coronavirus were discharged from medical observation over the weekend.  
Let me correct this tweet: Trump officials, especially Pompeo, call it the “Wuhan or China Virus” and even spread conspiracy theory that it was man-made. But media says nothing. China accuses the U.S. of planting the CoronaVirus in Wuhan, and the media exploded... You're   …
This is why we get outbreaks like the Wuhan Corona Virus ! 
Donald Trump and his team to fight the Wuhan virus in the US gave a press conference this afternoon. As the president and his team spoke, the stock market soared, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing Friday at an all-time record increase of 1,972.  …
For all #Shraddhavans, weekly upasanas (Community Prayer) have  a habit. However, during the times of Wuhan #CoronavirusPandemic  offers us the best way to stay close to HIM and also maintain 
Trudeau’s CBC state broadcaster is  more and more like China’s state broadcaster. It know is must defend Dear Leader’s handling of the Wuhan virus, no matter what.  …
Chinese from Wuhan working in the Italian leather factories in Northern Italy, with direct flights to Wuhan. How fast did the Italians ban these flights from Wuhan? Not fast enough.  …
Campaign to 'thank' Xi Jinping flatly rejected by Wuhan citizens  …
U didnt know it when u cried to bring students from wuhan? What a thug this lady has   …
New York Times praising China for buying time for everyone else on Wuhan Corona Virus. Don't forget this. When the history of this era is written, don't forget how journalists sold out humanity for some ill gotten $$$. 
The power of life: Wuhan residents find grass growing out of their cars after almost two months in lockdown due to 
There are 38 wise South Africans who chose to remain in Wuhan, because there was really no  home. Meanwhile, we have 38 confirmed cases now. They will be more than 100 by the end of next week.
Tensions are rising between ordinary people and gov. employed disease control personnel. At #Hankou in #Wuhan, China. Click here for more:  #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina 
Good News: Wuhan Reported Only Five New Coronavirus Cases  …
This furious insistence that *we* invented the virus just reinforces my suspicion that it originated in that gene-research lab in Wuhan & got out by accident when the night-shift incinerator tech sold one of the dead lab animals for extra cash.  …
Listen to @DrZweliMkhize explaining why the Ranch Resort in Limpopo was chosen as a quarantine site for evacuees from Wuhan, China #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Italians singing to each other across their balconies make for a heartwarming image. But Chinese did that, too, in Wuhan. Singing, dinner parties with neighbors across the road, food and drink set out on the roof parapets... Only some sentiments and  go viral
A citizen in #Wuhan found grass growing on her car two months after the lockdown of the city. #coronavirus 
Not saying it's not real but I've yet to meet anyone ate up with The #Wuhan! (In person!) How about you?
#Trump’s “WHICH LIE TO TELL” for coverup LIE 1 - “it’s going away” LIE 2 - The plot “to smear the administration” With a RACIST #MAGA/ #FoxNews SLANT It’s “the Wuhan virus that poisoned the world” EXPIRED LIE 3 - “It’s a HOAX” #MOG  …
Why The Pelosi Wuhan Virus ‘Deal’ Is A Near-Total GOP Surrender For Blue-Collar Entrepreneurs  …
And you Trust Them? When MSNBC and CNN thirst for the Wuhan virus death toll to increase and markets to collapse to better the Democrats’ chances of booting Trump from office in 2020. It’s predictable.  …
No, The Chinese accusation against the U.S. is patently false and malicious. But Trump officials calling it the Wuhan virus is also provocative and needlessly confrontational. We need to pull together globally and stop the blame game.  …
Controlling the spread of #COVID19 to making sure the people who were evacuated from Wuhan were properly tested& quarantined, @ITBP_official has put in a tremendous effort. Their efforts in taking care of 112 people incl 36 foreigners for last few days in Delhi is  …
My mum on the phone to her neighbour telling her that "God didn't make #COVID19, it started in a wet market in Wuhan". In a week she has gone from 'it's just the flu' to actively misinfo busting. So proud. My work here is done!
China accuses the U.S. of planting the CoronaVirus in Wuhan. Trump officials call it the “Wuhan Virus”. What we need—desperately—is mature global leadership. We’re all in the same boat. @EmmanuelMacron has called for a G-20 leaders Video Summit. That’s the right first  …
A good read. Two women at the centre of the Wuhan contagion who risked their lives. Both got infected, the one who tested negative twice after treatment succumbed and died. This is a tricky disease.  …
The Indian Air Force evacuated a total of 723 Indians, 37 foreign nationals from Wuhan. India evacuated 119 Indians and 5 foreign nationals from Japan IAF also evacuated 58 Indian pilgrims from Iran on the 10th of March. Total: 900 Indians and 48 foreign nationals.
It’s serious folks but the media is stoking fires . . . . MIT Biologist says Wuhan virus fear mongering is a fraud to manipulate economies  …
This toilet paper panic seems far more like people preparing for a Bernie Sanders presidency, rather than for the Wuhan coronavirus.
“It might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan.” China’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian pushed #coronavirus conspiracy theories as the country worked to control the narrative of the #CoronavirusPandemic More @business:  
President Trump has done something that no president since FDR has done during WWII, marshaled all the resources of the United States to fight the WUHAN flu. What a leader! #Trump2020
* Mean age of patients who died of #COVID19 = 81 years. * Two-thirds had diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD). Also hypertension (30% in Wuhan data) * Almost 75% of those who died were aged 70 years and over! Frail older patients with CVD seem at highest risk @TheLancet  
Now that SA citizens are back from #Wuhan we urgently need Govt to apply the same energy & effort everywhere! We need decisive & immediate action re travel, public events & large crowds. More testing, mobile test units,rigorous cleaning & sanitizing of public spaces #Coronavirus
Something to keep in mind... The Communist Chinese Government is responsible for the Wuhan Virus NOT the Chinese people. The Chinese people are the victims of the tyrannical Communist Chinese Government.
I'd like to know the ethnicity of those who've died from Coronavirus in Italy. There is all this talk about the Chinese buying up all of the northern Italian leather goods fabricators, direct flights from Wuhan to Milano, Torino, etc. Knowing this might help get to the truth.
Even Mexico is closing the borders It turns out, closed borders significantly slow the spread of the virus Many countries around the world managed to get the Wuhan Coronavirus under control this way Meanwhile, the Democrats want open borders
146 SouthAfricans return home from Wuhan, China 
Media wont tell you this so I will... Trump and his team are handling the Wuhan Virus just about as good as possible. His bold action to restrict travel entry from China in January which the Media called him "racist" for was brilliant and helped stop the spread. A true Leader.
Global media has been endlessly defaming India. This is our chance to show the world something their best paid propagandists can't lie about. We have to stop the Wuhan virus. And there is just one way. We have to shut everything down for a month. Let's "over" react.
Drudge is now unreadable because of its Wuhan Virus hysteria, a lot of which contradicts each other.
Not Coronavirus but Wuhan virus: China should be held accountable for the pandemic. China has left no stone unturned in shirking the responsibility for the coronavirus. #CoronaVirusUpdates  …
Pro-tip: There are a lot of things to be angry about re: Administration’s covid-19 response. Focus on the most substantive problems - lack of tests, lying about Google’s test algo, mixed messaging on severity - and not culture war traps like “OMG he said ‘Wuhan’ Virus!”
The one thing this Covid-19/Wuhan Flu has taught me is that people will politicize anything if it fits their personal agenda
While this virus was first identified in Wuhan, among its main vectors of distribution in the US has been Mar a Lago. The analogy is 1957-58. Virus originated inside China, but spread to rest of world via Hong Kong - and so it became known as the Hong Kong flu.  …
Coronavirus: Some SA citizens pulled out of Wuhan repatriation at last minute - health dept #covid19SA  
We don’t even have jingles on radio here in . Our Health Minister busy smiling for cameras and telling us Corona is not here. Huge gatherings continue apace. No sense of a global pandemic whatsoever. In my other home, TV’s treating the returned folks from Wuhan as a spectacle.
Oh For God's Sake! Only in Illinois. REALLY? Because People can't Behave? Or is this yet Another form of Dem's Control? #DemsSuck Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It  …
Pointing out the COVID-19 outbreak started in Wuhan isn't racist. Calling it Wuhan Coronavirus isn't necessarily racist. It can and does enable racists; It can and does give ammo to CCP propaganda drive to control the narrative. We should show solidarity to the people in Wuhan.
All politicians and Media outlets/members should have to disclose if they’re taking $from China and how much. Wanna bet... Theres a direct correlation between those getting paid by China and those claiming that calling a virus that started in Wuhan the “Wuhan Virus” is racist.
Must read on Chinese disinformation on the Wuhan virus  …
We all know we must act responsibility as the Wuhan Virus runs its course. The media has forced us all to a whole new level of panic, overreaction, fear mongering. WE KNOW YOUR AGENDA Destroy @potus @CNN @MSNBC @CNBC @abcnews @NBCNews @CBSNews @Acosta @ChrisCuomo  …
I keep thinking that all of the US citizens they evacuated from Wuhan were better off if left in China which has now contained the pandemic versus here were everyone’s health is at a worse risk. Amazing that only celebrities & politicians seem to be getting tested here.  …
More than two months after a new virulent #coronavirus emerged, more than 100,000 people have been infected worldwide. But the #COVID19 infection has largely spared Taiwan, despite the island's proximity to the virus's epicenter of Wuhan.   …
Here's what doctors in Wuhan who are treating Covid-19 patients told us about the coronavirus 
My house, car, credit card, internet and electric bill now identify as student loans! There you have it folks! Dems wanting to give out all that “free stuff” in the name of the Wuhan virus.  …
Wao!! This is the 1st time I praise CNN Yes, this virus is from Wuhan, China.
"Mom's back!" The 7-year-old boy ran excitedly to his mother. His mother, a doctor, went to #Wuhan more than a month ago to fight the coronavirus epidemic. In Wuhan, in hospital, they are doctors and soldiers; Back home, they are mothers and wives. Thank them! #COVID19 
Touchdown. Flight LMG755 arrived in Polokwane earlier today carrying the South African repatriated from Wuhan, China. Everyone on the flight has now been transported will to the quarantine facility. #CoronaVirusUpdates More info on the #coronavirus  
Why The Pelosi Wuhan Virus 'Deal' Is A Near-Total GOP Surrender. Pelosi’s Friday night deal includes every Dem wish, except taxpayer-funded abortion. Despite Pelosi declaring it a Bipartisan Bill, NOT a single Republican proposal was included.  …
Biden started his campaign on a lie. He started on the Charlottesville “very good people” lie the Media created to hurt POTUS Trump. Now hes fundraising on the Wuhan Virus the Media is using to create panic to hurt POTUS Trump. When its all over Trump will ruin crooked Biden.
[Watch] South Africans who were repatriated from Wuhan City, in China arrive at The Ranch Hotel in Limpopo #CoronaVirusSA 
Real story of China’s so called Containment. Wuhan residents openly booed Xi Jinping making CCP backtrack on congratulations campaign. Shortage of food in Wuhan, people were locked up in homes left to die. Horrific videos of Wuhan of women screaming in balconies. Sick !!!
Only a nation with ethnic ancestry, historical memories, and nationalist pride can sing  against globalist anti-white Wuhan virus. The mongrels currently taking Canada over have nothing  to sing this way, other than twerking perhaps.  …
Those South Africans from Wuhan can they also burn their clothes,? We'll buy them new ones. #covid19SA #CoronaVirusUpdates
"India is just like my own country, my home", parting words of a Bangladeshi National who was evacauted by India from Wuhan, the epicenter of #COVID2019. After being quarantined for 14 days at @ITBP_official's facility she left for Bangladesh. #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Don't forget China has corrected that in just one week. Don't forget China locked down Wuhan and give the world over two months to prevent the virus. I'm so angry. We tried so hard to stop the spread and help other countries. People still only trust stupid biased medias.
I'm not an epidemiologist. But I read that the doctor in Wuhan who warned about coronavirus and later died, Li Wenliang, was 33 years old. Why are we so blasé about this only being dangerous for old people?
India has so far evacuated 48 frgn nationals of 10 countries from its 3 evacuation missions to Wuhan, China. Last group left @ITBP_official quarantine camp on friday. A lady from Bangladesh, thanks Indian govt for the help. 
After exporting Wuhan Virus too all over the world, China is now counting imported COVID19 cases. Chinese Propaganda has no limit!!  …
#China is an ancient civilisation. #CCP is a brutal corrupt party. The party & state are not the same Saying #coronavirus started in Wuhan - #WuhanVirus - is not racist, it's fact Criticising #CCP repression,lies & mishandling of #COVIDー19 is not racist - it's speaking truth
A very similar thing happened in Wuhan. White people said they were shouting against their evil government.  …
This is a great article for anyone wanting to know about the signs and symptoms of #coronavirus- it accounts one of the first patients from #Wuhan #china #COVID19 #covid #covid19 ViA 
Indo-Tibetan Border Police:  the requisite quarantine period&being tested negative twice in 16 days of stay, 110 evacuees from Wuhan, China have left the ITBP facility at New Delhi's Chhawla in different batches. Only two of the evacuees left at the facility. 
China CDC found that 106 men had the disease for every 100 women, while the WHO mission found that men make up 51% of cases. A study of 1,099 Covid-19 patients in Wuhan through Jan. 29 found a greater imbalance: 58% were male  …
 quarantine period & having tested negative twice in a 16-day stay, 112 Wuhan evacuees inc 36 foreigners leave @ITBP_official facility at Chhawla in batches @timesofindia Only 2 left, 110 people move out Positivity & care can help win over +ve or -ve 
In the video of those peeps returning from Wuhan, I couldn't help but notice their arrival in an SAA Airbus A340-600. A few months ago we were bombarded with news of SAA putting their A340's up for sale to "save the airline". What happened? Propaganda? 
Could China be on to something with the Wuhan military games theory? 
Hope @MoHFW_INDIA @ICMRDELHI @PMOIndia will take strict action against fake news peddlers like @thecaravanindia @VidyaKrishnan who are trying to create panic over Wuhan Coronavirus.  …
Goodbye!  requisite quarantine period and being tested negative twice in 16 days of stay, 112 Wuhan evacuees including 36 foreigners leave the ITBP facility, Chhawla, New Delhi in different batches. #CoronaVirusUpdates 
As cases of coronavirus decline, #Wuhan China is returning to work. Deaths in that country from #coronavirus hit 900. Meanwhile, back in America, 20,000 people have died from the flu. Crickets
SA citizen from Wuhan pens heartwarming letter to crew  …
Coming home after catching wuhan be like- 
Thursday’s allegations from the Chinese Foreign Ministry that the Wuhan coronavirus originated in America and was spread to China by the U.S. military was not a fluke or an example of a rogue spokesman running his mouth. 
How many other prime ministers has done the qaum se khitab thing on this virus crisis? fyi WHO official just praised Pakistan’s action plan... many who now want the country to go under  lockdown were yelling on top of their lungs to bring students from wuhan back  …
These @thecaravanindia @VidyaKrishnan are spreading dangerous fake news about govt being in denial about local transmission of Wuhan Coronavirus. Fact: Govt has clarified that India is in stage 2 i.e. local transmission and all efforts are being made to prevent stage 3. 
... and not the L4 biochem containment lab that specifically studied coronaviruses right in the centre of Wuhan. Bat soup.
China is not being altruistic. It has tens of thousands of its citizens living in Milan in the textile industry where the Wuhan Virus broke out. Furthermore, Italy is key to the Belt and Road Initiative. China is protecting its investments.
I love beautiful women, and I think he them too. But it’s just simply stupid for a public figure to share his interests with people worldwide. Did Zhao the #blockchain block you? Sure beautiful ladies will be his exception. #chinesevirus #BoycottChina #wuhan  …
The SANDF says it will uphold the privacy of South Africans from Wuhan. Courtesy 
The best thing about this cartoon is there are still pathetic people licking  boot after they got stabbed by their poisoned dagger. Just look at what you see on Twitter. #boycottchina #boycottmulan #chinesevirus #wuhan  …
Accidental leak Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program Dany Shoham, former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese bio warfare, said the institute is linked to Beijing’s covert biological weapons program.   …
#BREAKING: Dozens of tanks arrived in #Stuttgart, #Germany during the #CoronaCrisis! Unclear why #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #COVID #covid_19italia #COVID2019italia #Corona #coronapocalypse #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVID19Aus #virus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan #COVID19US #Coronakrise 
REAL News about the Wuhan Virus  …
The Chinese people of Wuhan showed discipline and organisation skills. The Italians showed the joy of life in its saddest parts.
#China bans consumption of wildlife following the outbreak of #COVID-19. The #ban prohibits #hunting, trade, transportation and consumption of all terrestrial wild #animals whether captive-bred or wild caught #Wuhan #corona #coronavirus  …
Excellent thread but please turn media spotlight on China. Not a  has blamed them, but the virus came from either their vile cat & dog slaughter markets or, almost certainly, it leaked from their bio-warfare lab, the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
This two are my heroes #covid19SA they volunteered to bring back our fellow citizens from Wuhan, salute to you 
To all South Africans who have just arrived safely from Wuhan/China:  to your home!‘ 
 home! Flight LMG755 touched down on South African soil, carrying the South African repatriated from Wuhan, China. Everyone on the flight will now be transported to the quarantine facility. 
Run out of toilet paper? This guy has you covered Splinter Toilet Paper co. Wuhan. 
Wuhan Flu journal : Day 67 Its scary. Very scary. My chance of contracting the disease has increased to 0.000007%. I'm down to 34 rolls of toilet paper. I'd cook for myself but all I have is Chinese stir-fry. I'm not falling for that. I'm smart see. Survival is all that matters.
 home from Wuhan in China #CoronaVirusUpdates South Africans are back home 
Touch down! Our brothers and sisters have been brought home from Wuhan, China. #CoronaVirusUpdates 
READ: A heart felt letter written by evacuees to the patriotic soldiers who made the journey to Wuhan to bring them home. #Covid_19 #CoronaVirusUpdates 
#China Allegedly a child starved to death in Xiaogan City, Hubei Province (bordering #Wuhan City) The child died weeks ago, the body started to smell & was discovered. Local authorities removed the body and disinfected the area. 
Some Chinese officers try to advance the thesis that US military intelligence planted Covid-19 in Wuhan. But Epoch Times shows it's rather those countries who do not check on China who are getting the worst consequences of it, like Italy.  …
15 cases in China this week Cases in South Korea have massively declined Canada has created a vaccine (eh!) The last temporary hospital in Wuhan has closed and the nurses and doctors are travelling to Italy Some positive news, finally. Have a fantastic weekend everyone
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese bio warfare, said the institute is linked to Beijing’s covert biological weapons program.  …
So the Wuhan Clan has landed.  …
Do u know that actually the people being brought back from #Wuhan to #Limpopo are not necessarily all infected? Most are quite healthy. If I was in a strange country during a global crisis I would want my government to fetch me.
Liberal media hypocrite pundits want you to think that referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan" or "Chinese" virus is racist, and that @GOP, republicans and Conservatives are the ones calling it WuhanVirus. However: here's many times lying liberal media called it 
To our brothers and sisters from Wuhan,  back home. And big ups to Government for facilitating their way back. Our Health Minister related to us that they are well - wishing all of them a good stay at the quarantine site until they go to their homes. 
Coronavirus: SAA Airbus carrying 114 SA citizens repatriated from Wuhan lands in Polokwane | @Sesona_Ngqaks #covid19SA #CoronaVirusUpdates  
1) Influenza viruses originate in waterfowl such as ducks or geese. 2) Corona virus originated in bats, and then probably to Pangolins, and then to humans of Wuhan, China, in live animal market. See pic. 3) MERS-CoV virus originated in bats, then to Camels & then humans. Cont'd. 
Flight LMG755 has landed in Polokwane. 114 Wuhan repatriates, 14 medical staff members and 3 government officials have started disembarking from the plane. They will be transported in busses to the Ranch Hotel. #sabcnews 
[WATCH IT LIVE] Buses are waiting for the passengers from Wuhan to disembark the plane. Courtesy 
#BoycottMulan in the UK. You have my greatest respect, thank you for standing with #HumanRights and #Democracy. Fight against #Chinazi #CCPChina #Chinesevirus #Wuhan #CoronaVirus 
Coronavirus was able to bypass quarantine lockdown in Wuhan after mutating into second strain, say scientists in China 
[CATCH IT LIVE] The plane carrying the 146 South Africans evacuated from Wuhan in China has landed. LIVE on 
#Wuhan Zoo was closed on Jan 22 after the novel #coronavirus outbreak. Dozens of employees in the zoo have been sticking to their posts with feeding and disinfection work for nearly a thousand animals there. 
I got stick yesterday for my thoughts on CV, even so, I still believe the outbreak originated from a lab in Wuhan, accidentally released or not. Even if this was a natural occurrence, it highlights just how easy it is for a virus to grind the world to a halt. Scary. #coronavirus
A Wuhan resident reconstructs how her mother and grandmother struggled through the onslaught of the coronavirus—and lost  via @BW
Phenomenal thread. Must-read. The evidence is overwhelming. Iran and China are now both calling the virus engineered. Wuhan lab released white paper on engineering #coronavirus 1 day before outbreak. Bill Gates suddenly stepping down is one heck of a coincidence  …
#CoronaVirusUpdates #China has passed peak of #COVID19. All temporary hospitals in #Wuhan closed, life is back on track. Now, China is sending medical experts, materials & sharing experience to others: CGTN Int’l News Producer 
Quit Twitter or Go to Wuhan?
#Wuhan, A kid starved to death, was at home alone. His dead body was discovered as the smell  so strong. Netizens: tragic stories like this have been happening during the strict lockdown. Many elderlies had no help #WuhanVirus #COVID19 
CHINA’S JOB IS DONE! China are now claiming they have #Coronavirus “under control”, and they are closing down their makeshift hospitals in Wuhan. Meanwhile the rest of the planet is now experiencing the HAVOC that they have unleashed on us! 
Very concerned why we are being lied to. Perhaps Greg Hunt can explain why the people evacuated from Wuhan and the Diamond Princess were held in quarantine for 14 days when they had no symptoms. Inconsistent & irresponsible government  …
How the Liberal Media Earned Their 'Enemy of the People' Title Today at Trump's Wuhan Virus Presser  …
Why did Chinese experts in #Wuhan hide the truth for so long, asks South China Morning Post ⁦ @SCMPNews⁩ in this investigative report by #GuoRui. Must read. #WuhanVirus  …
Communist Chinese Propagandist diplomat @zlj517 promotes conspiracy theory that US military brought virus to Wuhan -This Is Who Disgraceful Democrats and Democrat Media are siding with against America  …
It’s been debunked because: A) the virus hasn’t been found in bats or pangolins B) bats/bat soup is NOT a chinese food. the video is from another country in south asia and was taken in 2016. C) wuhan market didn’t sell any bats or pangolins to begin with Need more?
Twitter Won’t Remove Chinese Official’s Tweet Suggesting US Army Introduced Virus Into Wuhan.  …
Women Who Have Had Wuhan Virus Share Message for Us: 'Don't Panic,' Hysteria 'Out of Control' 
Elizabeth I have a case for you. Dembe get the jet we are going tu Wuhan. Raymond Reddington always knows. The coronarist 041 
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit What are the odds that the Wuhan Adrenochrome was tainted with corona virus? 
Great footage from Wuhan. Our healthcare workers are vital to getting through this, so we need to do everything we can to support them. This too shall pass. #COVID19 #COVID_19uk  …
People REALLY don't understand this and it's endlessly frustrating, there's a huge difference between the quarantines in like Wuhan and Beijing. I haven't even seen coverage of the quarantine in Inner Mongolia, where my family is Moreover, ICE must be destroyed  …
Mr. Fu was spotted reading "Origins of Political Order" during his #COVID19 treatment at a temporary hospital in #Wuhan. He received a surprise upon his discharge on Feb 28, as @FukuyamaFrancis, author of the book, sent Fu an English edition with his best wishes written on 
This picture aches. Dr. Xiang lying on a vacant bed after the last patient too was discharged from Wuhan's hospital, #China built exclusively for treating #Covid19. To the health dept around the world working tirelessly for us under dire conditions; Our Deep Respect 
The conditions in Chinese hospitals this guy describes only applies to systems set up very late in covid19's outbreak cycle this time around and does not describe the conditions in Wuhan in January and a good chunk of February 
The plane transporting South Africans from China's Wuhan city is expected to arrive at the Polokwane Airport after 10 this morning. Courtesy 
I see people are calling #coronavirus the Wuhan flu on twitter. This is a little insensitive. It's like calling herpes the Coachella surprise. 
Iran Is Being Dealt Blow After Blow by its BFFs China’s Wuhan Virus & Russia’s Oil War - With friends like these two, who needs enemy? US sees regime’s end as ‘a matter of time’.  …
#Question how did they know what to TEST for SO QUICK & have MASS TESTS KITS available. 1st identified in Wuhan,Hubei, China in late Dec. 2019, the global outbreak w/ designated as a pandemic by the (WHO) on 11 March 2020. 2019’20 #coronavirus  …
India’s response and how well it contains Wuhan virus will perhaps be the best counter to Chinese narrative. If 130 crore  out trumps in this, we will be seizing the narrative on the global scale.
Some of the worst hit areas around the world -- from Wuhan, where the virus was first detected, to Iran, Italy and South Korea -- are on more or less the same latitude, with similar temperatures and relative humidity.  …
LIVE | First coronavirus case in Eswatini, EFF calls for 'state quarantine' as Wuhan plane set to arrive #CoronaVirusUpdates  
We are getting information that the plane carrying 122 repatriates from Wuhan in China will land at the Gateway International Airport in Polokwane at 10h30 am. SABC News is monitoring its arrival. The group will be transported to the Ranch Hotel by road. #sabcnews 
BREAKING: China has reported the outbreak of a deadly coronavirus #Covid_19 in the city of #Wuhan
Propaganda can only work to a level. This Wuhan Virus crisis has exposed the vulnerability of over dependence on China in manufacturing, especially critical items like medical supplies. It is an opportunity for India. If I was Seetharaman I would be preparing Powerpoints.
China which wants to spread its authoritarian model across the world and sees its created Wuhan virus global pandemic as an opportunity to further it. Major democracies have to counter   …
Wuhan virus is perhaps going to influence world order more than the financial crisis. China after being the source of the global trouble, is waging an info war to that effect, using tools of the free world. It has to be countered.
Wuhan is recovering! So will the world!  …
Chinese official suggests U.S. Army to blame for outbreak: "It might be U.S. army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” Zhao Lijian tweeted. “Be transparent! Make public your data! U.S. owe us an explanation!" 
CNN, MSNBC, NYT, etc. coined the terms "Wuhan virus" and "Chinese coronavirus." But once Pompeo and other conservatives picked them up, these became "loaded" terms "stigmatizing the Chinese people" and provoking China's "retort," claims this NYT report  
One thing has  factually clear as Wuhan virus grips the world. Hindu way of "Namaste" (greeting without touching), cremating dead, etc are simply better practices from health point of view. And the typical Hindu food choices (whatever that means) does not cause pandemic.
After a Chinese ambassador suggested the US military planted the coronavirus in Wuhan, the @StateDept had a meeting with him and "stern" words were 
The chartered SANDF aircraft carrying 122 South Africans from #Wuhan is expected to land at the #Polokwane Airport on Saturday. eNCA will bring you live updates throughout the day. Courtesy 
Going back through old WhatsApp messages as an exercise in humility, to where a slightly germaphophic friend was warning me about a viral outbreak in Wuhan on January 6, and I basically told her to calm down.
UN Troops Featured in World Military Games in Wuhan China Weeks Before #Coronavirus  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time on Tuesday since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak 
Remember when Jim Acosta @Acosta himself called people RACISTS and xenophobic who referred to the Wuhan Coronavirus as the Wuhan Coronavirus?? ...because HE sure as hell done seem to. Lol  …
Elbow bumps, namaste and the foot-to-foot Wuhan shake are rising in popularity as alternatives to shaking hands and cheek-to-cheek kissing. 
#CoronaVirusSA Tight security at The Ranch Resort in Polokwane, Limpopo. This is a quarantine site for more than 100 South Africans repatriated from the coronavirus epicentre Wuhan, China. The group’s expected to arrive in the country today. 
T. Carlson denounced media like "moron" Jim Acosta, who said it xenophobic for Pres. to say Wuhan virus came from China. He said MSM sheilded China even after it threatened damage to the US. Calling a virus from Wuhan the Wuhan virus is not xenophobia.  …
Here is an interesting development! Sounds like a clear case of abuse of power and time for a Mayor to be recalled. Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It  …
What in the WUHAN is happening here??  …
THIS GUY IS A HERO!!!!!!! Give him the Bharat Ratna. Guy came back from Wuhan. Started wearing masks, made parents wear masks, made parents take leave from office, used diff utensils, self-isolated. Went 2 hospital even tho he had NO symptom bcos his frnd from Wuhan tested +ive.  …
Chinese official spreads conspiracy theory "US Army" brought coronavirus to Wuhan  
Although #Wuhan Zoo in Wuhan, C China’s Hubei, was closed on Jan. 22 after the #COVID19 outbreak, dozens of zoo staffs have been sticking to their posts with feeding and disinfection work for nearly a thousand animals here. 
listen if y’all wanna pull that “wuhan virus” shit you’re not allowed to get mad when i start calling smallpox and syphilis “white people disease”
will these people ever learn ??? no wonder we have friggen viruses..... Outrage after Wuhan officials deliver food in garbage trucks to quarantined residents  
Daily Updates of COVID-19 in Mainland China. 80824 confirmed, (existing 12094), 115 suspected, 3189 deaths, 65541 recovered, 678935 traced, 10879 observed. 7 new imported confirmed cases outside Wuhan city. (95 imported in total) 4 new in Wuhan. 
This is why a Limpopo resort was chosen as the quarantine site for SA's Wuhan evacuees | @Sesona_Ngqaks #CoronaVirusUpdates  
U.S. State Department summons the Chinese ambassador to the United States to protest  by #Beijing suggesting the U.S. military might have brought the #coronavirus to Wuhan 
This business in the NCR is looking less like a quarantine effort to stop the Wuhan Virus and more like martial law. I will not be surprised to see citizens begin to resist violently after the first few days. Probably best to clear out of the NCR altogether if you’re able to
Someone sent me this via private message. I cannot verify it: "The cellphones of medics who went to support #Wuhan were taken away. They could only call their homes once per week, with someone monitoring. The calls must be very brief as many people needed to call."  …
As @BethCameron_DC said on TV today - part of good governance is asking the right questions. And since the Wuhan lockdown began on 23 January, the obvious question has been: How would we handle that if it happened here? 
Big Toilet Paper engineered and spread the Wuhan flu send tweet
What's maddening is that *this is not a surprise*. The likeliness of this  was obvious to anyone who spent 5 minutes thinking about how a Wuhan-level outbreak would play out in a US city. Which says a great deal about this White House.  …
Hyenas and vultures never letting the carcass of our rights to go to waste.... Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It  …
China Says America's Are the Ones Who Introduced Corona Virus in Wuhan! Italy Says Germany Is The Reason For Outbreak of Corona In Their Country. Is This an Unofficial Bio-War?
This. Is. Spot. On. Read this article. VERY well written! How the Liberal Media Earned Their 'Enemy of the People' Title Today at Trump's Wuhan Virus Presser  …
India has around a 30-day window to halt the beginning  transmission of Wuhan Virus  …
Chinese Communist Killer #ChinaVirus from #Wuhan  …
Why are you FUND RAISING off the Wuhan virus.. that's so disgusting.
Raise awareness of #5G & #Covid_19 #coronavirus #virus #wuhan #italylockdown #TrumpPressConference possible link flulike symptoms - you’re the guineapigs enjoy slaves #Italy  … Dangers of 5G #MarkSteele   
I have been researching the Google/Bill Gates/Wuhan/Kirkland connections. There is something smelly here  …
#chinesevirus  knocking the doors of every country on this planet. #ChinaVirus originated from the P4 Lab in #Wuhan Communist China Is A Criminal. 
shoutout former 9-year nba player jeremy lin who has donated $150k towards the coronavirus fight (his foundation also donated $150k to bring medical equipment to wuhan, china)
4. Indian Airforce team which went to Wuhan to rescue Indians stranded in China 5. The team of doctors who have gone to Italy to rescue stranded Indians 6. Indian officials working in Italy, China, South Korea, worst affected places who are not running away from duty 2/n
US expert : “Learning from Wuhan’s recent past is the only way we can prevent our nation from driving itself into a historic catastrophe. Chinese officials saved tens of thousands of lives by acting as decisively as they did, when they did.”  …
#Covid_19 Catch #SABCNEWS for all the LIVE coverage of the arrival of the more than 120 South Africans who were evacuated from Wuhan City, China. They will arrive in the country this morning and will go straight to 21 day quarantine at the Ranch Resort. 
Not sure who the GOP donor is. But I just confirmed the other three. It seems like they need to go full Wuhan on Mar a Lago!  …
Hallo, there is your unroll: Thread by @RpwWilliams: Very relevant famous person quote thread for Wuhan Coronavirus times: “In one way we think a…  …. Talk to you soon.
#IblameCCP It was #CCP cover up in #Wuhan that has led to the Global outbreak CCP exports #WuhanCoronavius CCP exports #anxiety , #terror CCP exports #HumanitarianCrisis CCP exports #WARS #CCP_is_terrorist 
#COVID: India has isolated #Wuhan like strain. The virus will follow the same pattern as it did in #China , says @ProfBhargava DG @ICMRDELHI India has a 30 day window period to halt the beginning of #community #transmission. Efforts r on to halt the progression: 
Agree that 45 seems optimistic. ~280 flight departures/day from Wuhan during Jan. Say 1.5 million passengers. Not all were flying to the US, but I found atleast 2 direct daily flights to the US, so 500-600 passengers/day ~> 10,000+ direct to the US before Wuhan airport closed. 
You know who to thank for creating stupid panic about Wuhan coronavirus. DEMOCRATS & OUR DAMN MSM! I say we turn off the news, wash your hands, & vote every Dem out of office in November. Get rid of crazy people.
5 year old Yuanyuan from Wuhan, #China, peels an orange in a ward where she now lives. Her parents and grandparents tested positive for #covid19 and were admitted to a hospital. She was the only one in her family not infected with the #coronavirus. v/ 
Second batch of evacuees from Wuhan in China quarantined at ITBP quarantine centre test negative for coronavirus, dispersal begins  …
1 death due to Wuhan virus & India accused of horror of mismanagement  Indian liberals today would be shocked by level of anti-India bias in world media But Indian liberals caused it by hero worshiping intellectuals who fed anti-India venom to West in return for 
Citing conspiracy website articles, China’s foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian claims that the US military “brought the #Covid19 epidemic to Wuhan”  
Xunlimen, Wuhan. Shopping districts are still empty. People you see walking around are either  off shift or delivery guys. Mail is still moving around, and some smaller food shops are still making food for delivery. #wuhan #coronavirus 
Chinese officials have been trying to reshape the narrative about the coronavirus, suggesting that it might have originated outside of China, even though the center of the outbreak was the central Chinese city of Wuhan, and have zero evidence otherwise.  …
What may be more contagious - and far deadlier to our Great Nation than the Wuhan virus is the Democrats and their agenda.. The virus  and go.. Democrats' Liberal Ideology is dangerous and deranged.. I really hope Demo-crap-itis is not contagious.. 
Chilling to read this Jan 8 story by Gerry Shih and Lena Sun today —-> Spector of new illness emerging from Wuhan raises alarms across Asia - The Washington Post  …
I’m not surprised by Modi’s preparation for Wuhan virus. Modi excels at preparation of relief camps. As Gujarat CM, in case of floods or 2001 earthquake or Gujaratis being stranded elsewhere (like in Uttarakhand in 2012), he was proactive. Doubt me? Read past newspapers.
crazy to think that if you contracted the virus you would be better off in Wuhan than anywhere in the United States
Translation: ...let's try to be rational and see how things really are. First of all, #China did not donate a thousand ventilators to #Italy but they were *purchased* by the Italian government with a regular contract... #Covid_19 #Wuhan  …
Thousands of people with HIV in Wuhan, China, and the Hubei province, are struggling to get the medicines they need, as the lockdown due to coronavirus has made it impossible for them to leave their homes and go to hospitals without special permission 
“This outbreak in Wuhan was covered up,” said White House national security adviser Robert O’Brien at an event in Washington. “It probably cost the  two months," during which it could have responded. 
First they run out of toilet paper and next they take your guns... Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor must signed an Executive Order to do it even though their town has ZERO cases of the virus!!!  …
This footmat of Iran's Supreme Leader is lecturing India on (1) How to respond properly to Wuhan Corona virus outbreak. (2) How not to be fascist! Let that sink in.  …
Italian clarified that the medical materials from #China for #Wuhan #CoronavirusOubreak are not free. #Italy paid for them! #COVID2019 #COVIDー19 #WuhanCoronavius  …
Ivanka Trump works from home after contact with Australia official diagnosed with coronavirus Pay no mercy to the terrorists in Beijing who created the Wuhan Virus!  …
Nearly 1,000 animals are taken good care of at Wuhan Zoo amid the novel coronavirus epidemic  
Tonight chatted with my in-laws in Wuhan, China. They have been social distancing since late January, seem to be holding up okay.
China suppressed an interview with a Wuhan doctor who was silenced after alerting others to the coronavirus. But her interview, published in Mandarin, is now rocketing around the internet in Hebrew, Farsi, Morse code—and an Elvish-Klingon mashup. 
Here are models of 3 possible strategies: 1. Let 'er rip 2. Sensible #FlattenTheCurve social distancing 3. Wuhan-style #CrushTheCurve social distancing #1 kills the most. #2 delays peak of deaths until Election Day. #3 gets crisis over fastest.  
A Wuhan resident reconstructs how her mother and grandmother struggled through the onslaught of the coronavirus—and lost  via @BW
It's no coincidence that the Wuhan Pneumonia (aka COVID-19) and the Guangdong Pneumonia (aka SARS) broke out during the winter months in China. Chinese jinbu mysticism believes winter is the season when the body needs more "jinbu" wild animals eaten fresh or raw from wet markets
It came from Wuhan China. She’s correct!! The Chinese propaganda machine have been trying to twist the fact since last week at least. Calling #WuhanVirus is the way to prevent the thug to twist the facts in the future. #WuhanCoronavirus 
What do you think of when  to mind? #Wuhan: A city that will rise from ashes 
Chinese official suggests U.S. Army to blame for outbreak: "It might be U.S. army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” Zhao Lijian tweeted. “Be transparent! Make public your data! U.S. owe us an explanation!" 
New York Governor Thanks Trump, Pence For Facilitating Mobile Drive-Through Wuhan Virus Testing  
South Korea is a 'victim' too like the rest of the other world. The virus originated from Wuhan the state in China and was not contained until it is too late. And now the whole world is infected.
This tweet from 2 years ago is very telling on how the Coronavirus was man made right in Wuhan, China. Experimenting with highly pathogenic microorganisms has started a worldwide pandemic and someone needs to be held accountable.  …
Right now in America, it’s easier to get the Wuhan Virus than  honest, working Congress.  …
The U.S. summons Chinese ambassador to  suggesting the U.S. military might have brought the coronavirus to Wuhan. “Spreading conspiracy theories is dangerous and ridiculous. We wanted to put the government on notice we won’t tolerate it.” 
The novel coronavirus that started in Wuhan, China, is spreading with wildfire speed. Foreign Policy is tracking the number of cases and fatalities worldwide: 
Guess who gets to name these pandemic  out of China? The liberal World Health Organization, which renamed Wuhan Pneumonia "COVID-19" b/c WHO discourages naming diseases after China/Chinese to avoid "unintended negative impacts by stigmatizing 
Colleagues at @MRC_Outbreak estimate that sensitivity to detect a travel export from Wuhan was only about 1 in 4 internationally, mainly due to spectrum of disease severity (report 6  …). 6/13
I posted back in Feb 8 with this simple model  …), in which the Wuhan outbreak took from Nov to mid-Jan to grow big enough to throw off sparks and that we should expect another ~10 weeks for these sparks to grow into fires. 2/13
[Wuhan Hospital is still overcrowded, and patients in the ambulance are nowhere to be resettled.] Ambulance staff said that all hospitals are not accepting patients. They just went to 161 Hospital to be sent to Wuhan Asian Cardiology Hospital, but they are not accepted here. 
Silver lining of Wuhan virus: • 1. Murderous Iranian officials r dropping like flies. • 2. Mexico Wants To Close Border To Stop Americans From Bringing Wuhan Virus Into The Country -  …
I know this is midwit-tier to even point it out, but race-baiters wailing about the term "Wuhan virus" just as we're on the precipice of mass-casualties in an epidemic is the kind of thing future historians will point to when they teach courses called "America: Why Did She Fall?"
Bernie Sanders warns deaths from Wuhan Virus could exceed armed forces casualties in WWII ... ??? You know what else killed more people than WWII?? Communism. “If I cannot buy you with free stuff, then maybe I can scare you shirtless." Senile old fool.
Coronavirus Rule #5 Right out of nowhere, Ohio  infected with more cases of Wuhan Virus than Wuhan, China... because them's the rulez.
Japanese citizens who'd never been to China were infected in Sept. 2019 in Hawaii, shortly after Fort Detrick was locked down 5 “foreign” athletes visiting Wuhan in Oct. 2019 for the World Military Games were hospitalised for an undetermined infection. 
Video: Doctors in #Wuhan rescue critically-ill #COVID19 patient in need of 
Breaking News As President Trump declares a NATIONAL EMERGENCY to fight the spread of the COVID-19 WUHAN VIRUS, do PATRIOTS finally have the POWER to EXECUTE their mission against the DEEP STATE? WATCH & SHARE LEAVE YOUR THOUGHT BELOW 
carm: is chinese food safe to eat? meadow: ma! tony: it’s takeout it’s fine aj: it’s a bioweapon tony: biowah? carm: aj! aj: oh i suppose it’s a coincidence that there’s a level 4 bio facility in wuhan? tony: *throws container* motherfucking god damn orange peel beef!
So is @SenRickScott and @RepMattGaetz They were both at Mar A Lago last weekend. Turns out that place is the Wuhan of the United States.
Can you imagine having a Dem in the White House right now dealing with the Wuhan virus? Just think of the billions and billions that would be spent to  absolutely nothing except to make the entire country a carbon copy of the streets in San Francisco.
a few months after fort detrick shuts down over safety concerns, "Hundreds of athletes from the US military were in Wuhan for the Military World Games in October 2019."  …
Yes, because Hillary would have traveled to Wuhan and stopped the coronavirus dead in its tracks! #LeftistLogic  …
Here's my take on the Wuhan flu, aka #COVIDー19 1. The whole "we're all gonna die" thing has to be #FakeNews If we thought were all going to die, or even a large portion of us, we'd be seeing pictures of empty liquor store shelves, not empty toilet paper shelves.
5. Elites were running out of the drug. Why are elites now being infected by this virus and self quarantining? This is just a theory — but I believe white hats tainted the latest supply of Adrenochrome out of Wuhan to infect these sick f%#*! 
The silver lining in the Wuhan Virus  …
3. Wuhan was involved in the Adrenochrome manufacturing 
China official says U.S. military may have brought #COVID19 to Wuhan. 
(quietly thinks) Covid-19=5G exposure; there is no real virus, but this symptom is real and killing people. The symptom is the effect of the 5G networks and has been hidden by a false virus(Still thinking) Did not 5G start up in Wuhan last Oct. or so? 5G is now live all over.
Things that should cause more “panic” than the Wuhan virus? A Democratic POTUS An Illegal alien harming my child Free healthcare for above mentioned illegal alien Open borders Veteran suicides Homeless Americans Late term abortions Free everything A Democratic POTUS
As the largest quarantine event in human history, #Wuhan’s city lockdown during the first 50 days of the #COVID19 spread in China had avoided more than 700,000 cases across China, playing a vital role in containing the epidemic: 
In #Wuhan, the #coronavirus was brought nearly under control by mitigation measures, NOT containment. In big US cities, we are also long past the possibility of containment and policy is reflecting this. We've moved on to mitigation already.
When a Wuhan doctor tried to warn us about the coronavirus in late December, there were a mere 180 cases. The authorities censored him (he later died), giving the virus another 2-3 weeks to explode.  
Bc this Tweet is picking up steam and I know I'll get criticized for it: Pls reread the last sentence - people can both criticize the CCP and also applaud the Wuhan people for an amazing act of selflessness. Ain't a black and white world y'all.
I see the Agamben translator is currently claiming China "beat" the Coronavirus; no, they hid it until it had critical mass, arrested doctors who tried to whistleblow, let people travel outside Wuhan, and is currently claiming the US Army gave it to them. Ideology, not even once
Can anyone explain how it was wrote about in a fictional book written in 1981!! As a pneumonia type flu from Wuhan that would spread in 2020 and attack the lungs and bronchial tract and kill many and disappear as quick as it came?
Italy sold it's leather and  to China. China sent in 100k Chinese to work in those factories in Northern Italy. Air travel between Wuhan, China and Italy never stopped. That's why you have to large outbreak in Italy.
They paid this guy millions to go to Wuhan to test rats some people are just so naive they will drink and consume w/e they are told or not told by MSM/Government  …
Just flipped over to CNN as I had long planned to be off today. It's been less than five minutes and the entire focus has been on Trump-bashing. Despite what they and Zucker may think, spewing Trump hatred won't cure anyone from the Wuhan Virus or promote good hygiene
Ok let’s get everybody’s mind off Wuhan Virus for 5 minutes? Have you ever seen a UFO?
Risk Factors Associated With Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome and Death in Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pneumonia in Wuhan, China | Critical Care Medicine | JAMA Internal Medicine | JAMA Network  …
What I understand is that the northern Italy location has a factory that the Chinese purchased and it has direct flights to Wuhan.
This happened last month , Harvard Professor (Charles Lieber) arrested for taking $50,000 in payments weekly to setup chemical/biological “Research” lab in China ... two associates also arrested ; guess where the lab was Wuhan China 
I am hereby donating my Wuhan virus test kit to a more needy recipient. Can I get a tax write off for doing it?
Hi Candace. Love u much. Also read that lots Italians sold their leather goods &other biz to Chinese in Wuhan, so the airlines instituted direct flights between Wuhan & Italy to transport THOUSANDS of Chinese to run these businesses. & that’s y Italy getting hit #WuhanVirus #tcot
It's a virus that originated in a FOREIGN COUNTRY! It came from Wuhan China, so the people called it the #Wuhan flu. That isn't being racist, stop screaming that Canadians are Racist. This is why less than 1% of Canadians watch your #FakeNews state  …
@realDonaldTrump has taken every necessary step & even gone above & beyond to fight the Wuhan coronavirus yet the Democrats claim it's not enough. If they want any better of a response to the Wuhan coronavirus they need to humble themselves, hit their knees & ask God!
This is a steamy pile of horse sh*t!!! Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It  …
"It might be U.S. army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” Zhao Lijian tweeted. “Be transparent! Make public your data! U.S. owe us an explanation!" 
Italy also have 100,000 Chinese factory workers in Northern Italy from WUHAN... Virus ramped up during Chinese new Year return from Holiday. China Bought Leather and  
Chinese spokesman accuses the US military of bringing coronavirus to Wuhan 
Is it racist to call the coronavirus "Wuhan Flu", “Chinese coronavirus”?  …
I need me some Wuhan milk 
Wuhan virus is the right name
ILLINOIS Never let a crises go to waste for these evil bastards Illinois Mayor Signs EO Allowing Her to Ban Guns…to Combat Wuhan Coronavirus?  …
Talk about taking advantage of a situation. & there is not even one case of the #ChineseVirus in her area Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It  …
China is pushing an unfounded conspiracy theory about the origins of the coronavirus: that Americans introduced it in Wuhan late last year. There's no evidence to support it, but it was circulating on China’s tightly controlled internet on Friday. 
Reuters: The US State Department summoned the Chinese ambassador to the United States on Friday to protest  by Beijing suggesting the US military might have brought the coronavirus to Wuhan, as tensions between the two global powers over the outbreak intensified
The Democrats walk as the Wuhan virus had broke out in several countries. They didn’t care, impeachment was highest priority! All the while President Trump was closing borders and devising a plan. Last laugh on them! #KAG2020  …
Six years ago at the Texas State Fair, I ate some deep fried Oreo's I figured what's the worst that could happen. I got a bad stomach ache. Last Christmas some dude in Wuhan ate a bat and its gonna end the human race.
Well it seems Wuhan isn't the only place to get adrenochrome and satanists prefer to harvest it from live victims, not buy it online from China. Sauce:  But the supply may have still been tainted with the virus by white hats to effect black 
Citing conspiracy website articles, China’s foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian claims that the US military “brought the #Covid19 epidemic to Wuhan”  
Thailand has rival gangs of monkeys maneuvering for dominance during the Wuhan Virus.......and we have D.C. Democrats maneuvering for power during the Wuhan Virus. Not much daylight between the two. I suggest we make an immediate trade with Thailand.
It now appears the State Dept. is reverting to the appeasement policies of the past toward China. Beijing spreads lies about US Army causing Wuhan virus. State response? A diplomatic protest note or “demarche-mellow”. Lame. Expect more disinfo
This scumbag is FINALLY going DOWN!!He is the source SO much pain, and misery in the world!He was the guy who headed UN Agenda 21 depopulation programs.He was a huge proponent of deadly vaccines and,was also the one who funded the Wuhan research lab that created this damn virus! 
Stephen King would kick highly qualified “old white males” off Trump’s Wuhan virus team in order to replace them with a “person of color”. Individual identity doesn’t count. Group identity does. @StephenKing
School closings Sports seasons canceled Travel restrictions Our local Cherry Blossom Festival- our biggest event of the year in Macon, GA- is canceled. Everything that can be done to protect against the WUHAN VIRUS is being done. The dumb@MEDIAVIRUS is still a problem...
Before I die of Wuhan KungFlu, there's a few bones I wanna pick with you fuckers 1/492
Twitter Won't Remove Chinese Official's Conspiracy Theory Suggesting US Army Secretly Infected Wuhan With COVID-19 ⁦ @Twitter⁩ & @Jack side with monsters who put millions of minorities into concentration camps & harvest their  …
Hi, there is your unroll: Thread by @Inevitable_ET: Just jumps off the page doesn’t it Where ?? Wuhan Is the corona virus in the adrenochrome ?…  …. Talk to you soon.
Trump's Travel Bans Have Potentially Saved Thousands of Lives from the Wuhan Flu  … via @BigLeaguePol
An American who lives and works in Wuhan and went through the pandemic there. Keeping it anonymous.
One pure evil thing to the next. Here's your culprit for chemtrails and aerosol sprays in the sky. Globalism, not global health. Think depopulation. He funded the Wuhan virus. Then Bill makes vaccines to  wealthy off of death and human suffering. Arrest this man  …
So Patient zero is thought to be a 55 yr old man in the Wuhan area.. prolly been around a lot longer than we thought Since Nov 19, 2019 Just sayn...  …
A warning from an American in Wuhan. 
I am *not* in the game of #COVID predictions. I think that's actually stupid right now. Everyone should look at themselves and ask if they are doing everything they can to stop being the next #Italy #Wuhan #Iran #Spain. Nothing else matters. Take care of yourselves, and others
“It’s like saying  from a town, and the town is called Ebola.” @tariqpanja went to Spain to see Wuhan Zall F.C., a stranded Chinese Super League team that just wants to go home. 
A day with the staff and players of Wuhan Zall FC as they prepare to end their long exile from China. Who knows when they’ll finally be able to see their loved ones who remain sealed off from the world. via @NYTimes  …
younger people really shouldn't get cocky. the doctor who tried to raise the alarm in Wuhan, Li Wenliang, died at the age of 33.  …
Bringing together government and private sector to tackle the Wuhan #coronavirus is a huge step toward rapidly increasing our testing  …
2. Clearly, despite media reports to the contrary and Democrat demagoguery, a tremendous amount has been done and is being done to deal with the Wuhan coronavirus.
#Adrenochrome & #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronaVirus Makes sense why so many of the "so called elite"  down sick. #Q
Anyway most people are mad at him rn about spreading misinfo about coronavirus but I think there's more to be said about  that he prefers to call it the Wuhan virus because "Corona is a nice place"
“... Where ?? Wuhan Is the corona virus in the adrenochrome ? ...”  …
Unbelievable bias by the @BBCNews about US administration response to Wuhan virus. No excuse for spreading unjustified panic because of institutional hatred for President @realDonaldTrump.
Look at the date! 7-17-2018 Wuhan and 17 and Rabbit? You don't say...
What are the chances the sheeple will shut the hell up after the thorough and masterful process  and control the Wuhan corona virus as outlined by President Trump, VP Pence & the task force during news conference?
Wuhan virus through the southern border? Read more here:  …
y'all i literally swear the us created covid-19. this article is from just a few months before the outbreak in wuhan. fort detrick is also where the us developed lyme disease as a bioweapon.  …
It originated from animals in general then mutated to affect humans. That bat video you’ve seen isn’t even from the wuhan province and has nothing to do with the virus. The virus just so happened to go from an animal to a person not from some bat soup
China will probably regret blaming this virus on the US. The world knows it originated in Wuhan China. Had they been honest & gave us information they knew the virus could have possibly been curtailed before spreading worldwide. #WuhanVirus #USUnited 
Wuhan also makes Adrenochrome  …
Where ?? Wuhan Is the corona virus in the adrenochrome ? Talk about a way to take them all out at once and they had no idea it  Wuhan was harvesting adrenochrome 
Bill Gates steps down from Microsoft Board is this in some way connected with the Corona Virus? hmmm... we know that Bill Gates LOVES viruses... is there a connection between Bill Gates and the Wuhan Virology Lab?
The @EPA has just expanded its list of disinfectants for use against the Wuhan #coronavirus.  …
Champaign, IL Mayor just signed order to ban firearms & ammo, & has declared a state of emergency over the Wuhan virus there. The order also gives her the power to ban food, water & many other things. Lib Dems love their power & control.  …
Despite what you're probably hearing on the news these days, the U.S. government must be doing something right with regard to dealing with Covid-19 (or as CNN calls it, the "Wuhan coronavirus").  
Banning the Sale of Firearms and Ammunition Because of Wuhan Virus? An Illinois Mayor Just Signed an Executive Order to Do It Remember - democrats* say they are  for your guns, but then try to pull shit like this  …
OK, the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirusvirus, brought to you by the Wuhan China Bio-Weapons research facility, in Wuhan, China.
Remember how the media was calling China "authoritarian" in January for quarantining Wuhan to evade spreading the disease, and now the number of coronavirus cases in China are falling drastically while the West is going crazy with the rising cases of people with the virus.
It possibly originated from the wet markets in Wuhan where live and dead animals are sold in the same parameter. It did not start specifically with people eating bat soups. Please do your research. Link:  …
Uh....let’s NOT call it the “Wuhan Virus”!!!!!! Ever. Thanks.  …
Is it over? Doctors take off masks after closing last temporary #coronavirus center #Wuhan 
"Might be US Army who brought virus epidemic to Wuhan": Chinese official  
Agenda 21 is about forcing the plebs into Smart Cities (which will end up like Wuhan). 24/7 surveillance, unable to grow our own food, total dependence on Gvt for survival. Aim is for depopulation & dehumanisation in favour of collective 'We are Borg'  …
so, i see that #ukcoronavirus & #coronaUK is trending - did you know that a book the eyes of darkness 'predicted' the virus? the book was originally published in 1981, the fictional virus was called ghorki400 & in 1989 it was republished & ghorki was changed to wuhan. stay safe! 
Also - So far, India- 74 cases, 1 death (1.35 Billion people) Sends an entire lab, testing facilities, 52 doctors to Iran (your country) Evacuates hundreds from Wuhan, Iran. UK- 590 cases, 10 deaths (66 Million people) UK media- Mismanagement by India. Just another Bigot
THE MEDIA IS A JOKE. Watch: 35 Times The Media Said ‘Wuhan’ Or ‘Chinese Coronavirus’ – But They Blame The GOP  …
I thank God every day that those wise wonderful people in The Red Wall & East Midlands kicked out  Imagine them in charge of this!!! ‘Let’s invite the delegates from Wuhan to discuss the situation. And then go to the members to vote if we have to wash our hands’
“ #WuhanVirus spread in #Wuhan in October 2019. @XiJingpingReal did nothing.  silenced the MD who warned them! #China is not going to get away with infecting the world with this #ChineseCoronavirus!” @SenTomCotton @seanhannity #ChinaCoronaVirus 
Americans helping Americans--This is who we are! President Trump & VP Pence created an unprecedented partnership of public and private to see America through, not only the Wuhan corona virus, but all future viruses. President @realDonaldTrump is a masterful genius!
Because Nancy Pelosi has been playing politics with the Wuhan virus bill, President Trump just put a holiday on the payback of student loans for an undetermined period of time. Nancy, you just got Trumped.
Testing has no real impact on treatment, right? Docs are just treating symptoms. If so, we don't need the govt to tell us when we're sick. Even if you only have a fever, why not just assume you have the Wuhan and self-isolate? Should already be doing this with the flu anyway.
Twitter Refuses to Remove Chinese Official's Tweet Claiming US Military Planted COVID-19 in Wuhan  …
Dem solution to Wuhan Virus: Kill more babies  …
Love him or hate him, POTUS is the right man at the right time for executing a response plan to the Wuhan virus pandemic. He was made for moments of crisis like this one. The news conference provided a giant boost of optimism in the wake of a week of total despair for the nation.
As #Italy enforced a nationwide #lockdown, people in self-isolation played Italian national anthem and sang along from their balconies to boost each other's spirit. The visuals reminded Chinese netizens of similar scenes in #Wuhan, a month ago. 
Some food for thought on the Wuhan #CoronaOutbreak's reported mortality rate. #coronapocalypse #CoronaVirusUpdates #TrumpPressConference 
Hey Groper, your wife who you supposedly live with has tested positive for Wuhan, you are supposedly self isolating and your kids are in the house..yet u needed to drag in your personal photographer and expose him to Wuhan? Is he going to be staying there now with you? LIAR!  …
Might be some rough weeks ahead but Wuhan has turned the corner.  …
As the coronavirus pandemic runs its course, remember: WUHAN! Wash your hands Use only verbal greetings Hoard toilet paper Avoid large gatherings Never trust any journalist WUHAN: it’s where it’s from, and it’s what to do!
What u’we see on the White House stage is a President with his VP leading from the front, surrounded by our best and finest professional  the Wuhan virus for all Americans wellbeing. On the grass, the jackals.
I have a sneaking suspicion that the New World Order folks are hoping to implement their new world order through this Wuhan Coronavirus Fiasco. The US will not be a part of that b/c we stand on our own as a global leader, the greatest nation in the world! AMERICA FIRST BITCHEZ!
Trump’s Travel Bans Have Potentially Saved Thousands of Lives from the Wuhan Flu  
ALERT CANADA: Trudeau is Waging War on His Own Citizens! While the coronavirus  pandemic spreads across the globe, Trudeau ushers in illegals & puts the health and safety of Canadians in even bigger jeopardy. Full Vid:  … 
It’s almost like the media WANTS President Trump to get tested and test Positive for Wuhan Virus. Fuck the media.
"Today we have more cases than Wuhan had when it shut down" Tomas Pueyo has done detailed modelling of the virus's spread, and says the virus must be more aggressively dealt with. Epidemiology professor John Edmunds says that the govt response is appropriate. 
Thank you, Mr. President, for putting together the greatest team of health professionals ever to handle the Wuhan virus situation. Once again, you've looked out for America's best interests against the resistance of the Deep State.
The private sector has been unleashed. US corporations are rallying behind the  to helping Americans impacted by China's Wuhan virus. This is excellent news for anyone who loves America. Bad news if you're a hater who obsesses over partisan politics.
Apart from the toilet paper and hand sanitizer CEOs making a fortune, the one person  out a winner is Daniel Carriço. People called him a madman for leaving Sevilla for Wuhan Zall in January. Now China is safer than Europe, and Carriço is making €3m a year in Wuhan. 
Thank you @SecPompeo 4 summoning @AmbCuiTiankai & asking him 2 explainMOFA spox Lijian Zhao @zlj517 claim that "the U.S. Army brought the #WuhanCoronovirus 2 Wuhan." Amb Cui was also chased byreporters & refused 2 their questions on this. SolomonYue/status/1238246300136718336  …
#China stole #coronavirus research and samples of that type of virus from #NIH and #Canada. The #Wuhan lab was up to no good. @WeTheBrandon has been tracking this for months. #CoronavirusPandemic #WuhanCoronavirus #WuFlu  …
Deborah Birx points out that 96 percent of South Korea Wuhan coronavirus tests were negative, meaning, the vast vast majority of people were sick with other respiratory illnesses. We should not be panicking about this.
Communist China now claiming the Wuhan virus is American made and claiming it came from China is racist. Does this sound familiar?
I have been pretty chill over this situation, but as chill as I’ve been, even I am overwhelmingly impressed by President Trump’s news conference. He’s covering all the bases and it is amazing all that has been  to fight this Wuhan virus in such a brief amount of time.
Today, the US summoned China’s ambassador Cui Tiankai  deputy spox Zhao Lijian made on Twitter, suggesting US military planted coronavirus in Wuhan  …
When China admits they stole @NIH research about a basic function test that was conducted in 2015 about coronavirus research and then tried to reverse engineer the experiment (which created #COVID19) at their Wuhan virology lab I’ll care about #CCP stooges wrongly accuse us of.
China reported reinfection in Wuhan, Guangdong, and Jiangxi. South korea reported it in patients, Japan reported it in patients, Israel reported it in patients. Yet still no consensus on it though, things are moving slowly and disagreement still about what it means.  …
President Trump, VP Pence and the task force of medical professionals and businesses are handling this masterfully. The next 8 weeks are critical in getting the Wuhan virus contained. Medical experts believe it will wash though quickly.
President of Brazil tested negative for the Wuhan virus. Blessed with his good health, and I know the media is terribly disappointed. Shame on you.
US should add 10% Wuhan virus tax on all Chinese imports
Breaking : "Chinese F.O spokesman tweets claim US military brought coronavirus to Wuhan" Chinese FO spokesman Zhao Lijian took to Twitter on Friday to double down on a claim that the U.S military brought the new corona to Wuhan, where the outbreak began.  …
Lyme Disease, Legionnaires Disease, West Nile Virus, Ross River Fever, Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever, Marburg Virus Disease, Zika Fever, Japanese Encephalitis, Wuhan Virus, Lassa Fever, and Wuhan Flu.  …
Watching Resistance Media melt down over good news, good cheer, and good leadership as we fight the Wuhan Virus is just utterly disgusting to watch. What vile humans.  …
China’s Coronavirus epicenter, Wuhan, reports just five new cases on Friday.
President @realDonaldTrump is AMAZING! The testing for Wuhan coronavirus is so brilliant and simple. American business leaders are helping. Despite the efforts of our enemies, fake news & democrats, stoking the flames of panic and hysteria, AMERICA IS STILL ALIVE & THRIVING
Just wanted to mention the Coronavirus started in WUHAN, CHINA. Sorry creepy Joe, CNN and the other propaganda machines, viruses are not, "Xenophobic."
Very relevant famous person quote thread for Wuhan Coronavirus times: “In one way we think a great deal too much of the atomic bomb. ‘How are we to live in an atomic age?’ I am tempted to reply:” 1/8
1/ thread: Wuhan Miasma is smoke to distract from Paris and Greek Border where European shield aesthetics have hit all time low, signalling kulturcastration + triumph of brutalist/minimalist aesthetics over proud tradition of the hoplon, aspis, scutum, buckler, long/kite shield 
Wuhan virus broke out in China WHO: people calm down, it don’t  pandemic, China is doing a great job, the epidemic is under control, it’s discrimination to ban Chinese travelers. Wuhan virus broke out in Europe: Europe has now  the epicenter of the pandemic.
President Trump officially declares Wuhan virus a National Emergency 
Opinion: It is widely thought that Covid-19 emerged from a meat and wildlife market in Wuhan, China. It's time to change how we produce meat altogether. 
Wuhan virus can't survive temperatures above 77 degrees Only global warming can save us
Trump: "I am officially declaring a national emergency. Two very big words." The action he is taking will open up access to up to $50 billion to fight against the Wuhan  attack.
'The Hack King’! CNN’s Jim Acosta takes the top prize in Wuhan virus ‘media hypocrisy tournament.’ Drew  a list of MSM who have flip-flopped & suddenly decided that terms for COVID19 like “Wuhan virus” are racist. Jim is your top loser!  …
Then why was the whistleblower in Wuhan warning of the outbreak? Why did you try to silence him if it originated in the U.S.? Does your government know your poking an angry giant?  …
Out of respect for medical staff in #Wuhan and those around the world who may now have to deal with #COVIDー19, my colleague and I wanted to bring you this 1st hand account of Dr. Ai Fen in English. Her take has been heavily censored in #China. Many online are trying to save 
Btw, it’s called the Wuhan Virus.
Call it the Wuhan virus, President Trump
Is anybody concerned about this massive Keynesian influx of money to an already existing huge welfare state because of this over reaction to the Wuhan virus? How about the $1.5 trillion to bail out Wall Street announced yesterday?
President to declare national emergency, appears many leaders infected with Coronavirus. Month long  soon. Many will die I pray for my family, friends. Listen to Italians they sing to inspire each other to go on, same as they did in Wuhan. 
AR -15 will keep the Wuhan infected zombies from storming my bunker  …
But it's true though. They also sterilize the city of Wuhan twice a day. It's absolutely insane what they can  to us (America). As much as I hate the Chinese government, you can't deny that when they need to get something done, they get it done.
The flight carrying South African citizens home from Wuhan has just departed.  
Risk Factors Associated With Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome and Death in Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pneumonia in Wuhan, China | Older age was associated with higher risk for ARDS & death. ⁦  …
Oh boy. US Assistant Secretary of State David Stilwell summoned China's ambassador in Washington to the State Department Friday after a prominent Chinese official suggested the US military may have been responsible for bringing the coronavirus to Wuhan.  …
I regret to inform you that my Twitter account has contracted the Wuhan Virus. I have instituted a self quarantine and will be spending more time with my family over the next week to limit  spread.
You must call it China's Wuhan Coronavirus or you are supporting Wuhan independence. Any Wuhan separatist, once caught, must be sent to a concentration camps to make Nike shoes for the Motherland.
China is trying to blame the U.S. Army for the Wuhan coronavirus. This is why it's extremely important to call it by its place of origin.  …
The part of my research team based in Wuhan has been back at work since March 2. As I wrote in my last message: "It is now our turn, in..US, to confront COVID-19. Unfortunately, I fear our government may be less prepared and less capable than yours, even with..extra..warning."
Dr. Fauci on Coronavirus: ‘It Absolutely Came from Wuhan – There’s No Doubt About that’  …
Funny thing, the WHO just announced that Europe is now the epicenter of the Wuhan foreign virus...when will you acknowledge that Trump was ahead of the curve, again!?. Stop all unnecessary travel from Europe for 30 days, pass that on to your supreme leader Justin..
Italy has 4.2 doctors per 1000, 8th in the world. Their system is in total meltdown, denying care to the elderly. Canada has 2.1 per 1000, 57th in the world. We aren't ready for the Wuhan virus. Stay home. Stop the spread.  …
On today's podcast: 1. The Left keeps playing the race card instead of debating our ideas on merit. 2. 10 Wuhan virus knock knock jokes about Chinese people that liberals don't want you to hear.
FACEBOOK WILL NOT ALLOW US TO SAY WUHAN VIRUS. 
Twitter Won't Remove Chinese Official's Conspiracy Theory Suggesting US Army Secretly Infected Wuhan With COVID-19  …
Why is Brooks Brothers emailing me about the Wuhan virus?
I've been blocked by @zlj517, a #CCP foreign minister in China's Dept of "Information" who claims that the #Wuhan coronavirus originated in the US... China's "information" official tells blatant lies, gets questioned, then immediately reverts to censorship. Too perfect! 
Xu Xiaodong: Chen Qiushi is likely to be held under 'Residential Surveillance at a Designated Location'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 36 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio  …
Chinese diplomat says that US military brought coronavirus to Wuhan. Not a far-fetched theory.  …
CHINA WUHAN CORONAVIRUS SNAP POLL (Round 3)* How many people do you personally know that have a confirmed coronavirus diagnosis? *Please retweet for larger sample size!
Andrew Gillum - not letting fear of Wuhan Virus interfere with his social activities.  …
What's going to happen in Africa regarding the Wuhan virus? Read more here:  …
(This is despite the fact that 24 of the PRC's 25 top leaders are men, and the lone woman has been pushed to the front of the proverbial political firing line, having been appointed to head the on the ground response in Wuhan.  …
MIT Biologist says Wuhan virus fear mongering is a fraud to manipulate economies  …
LRT Chinese propaganda is now on overdrive. They are positioning themselves as heroes and rebranding from the origin of the Wuhan virus.
Scene from Wuhan: How China is recovering from a pandemic with the pace which others can't fathom of. Whole city is sterilized & disinfected twice a day. Bravo China! 
I say test him for not only Wuhan but for the following: 1. Intelligence test 2. Aptitude tests 3. Neuropsychological test 4. BPD test 5. Drug test I could go on..but ya see where I’m heading with this right.
Wuhan Virus: *Originates in China* CCP Approved Mainstream Media Bros: "You see, even though the virus started in China, it actually is because of America." 
It is possible to think both, that the Wuhan Virus is a serious problem, and, that it’s not an extinction level event.
The State Department has summoned the Chinese ambassador to the U.S. to protest  by a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, who said the U.S. military might have brought the #coronavirus to the city of Wuhan  
“Wuhan Jack” may be my favorite #PosoPersonality
Wuhan #CoronavirusPandemic Successfully exported from China to the rest of the world. Thanks to weeks of lies, obfuscations,  …
On the American side, IMHO FWIW, Trump gets credit and blame for the single best action taken in Wuhan virus matter--China travel restrictions--and the single worst action--failing to move quickly on testing.
After we reported on how China is deflecting blame for the coronavirus outbreak, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson has blocked WION and @palkisu on Twitter. But, Beijing has not stopped making fresh claims about the Wuhan virus. It now blames US soldiers for the outbreak. 
How much will President Trump have to fight through Mueller and Urkraine Hoaxes Now the Wuhan Virus Constant Dem's and MSM's Attacks We all need a Break
Not sure how impactful this is but according to my ex co-workers a lot of their Chinese clients were told that the CoronaVirus was an “American flu” (not from Wuhan). Will be interesting to see how this plays out months from now... 
This group was impeaching our President while the Chinese Wuhan virus was taking hold. Don't forget it!  …
Let’s lower interest rates on credit cards & minimum payments required. Many vulnerable Americans will be using credit heavily for the next few months to get them through the Wuhan Crisis. Lowering these costs will give struggling workers the financial breathing room they need.
How would you like to be a mother of a hero who’s  is snuffed out because of this fucking Wuhan media frenzy bull shit!?! 6 months  home to this shit! I’m so aggravated I hate every frigin democrat on the planet.
Can we deport the, “It’s just the flu crowd,” AND the media bros more concerned with attacking people who call COVID-19 the “Wuhan coronavirus”?
The Mayor of Champaign, Illinois just signed a sweeping executive order giving her the ability to ban the sale of firearms and ammunition because of...Wuhan coronavirus? There are no cases of the virus in town or the surrounding areas.  …
CNN has informed us that using the term "Wuhan Flu" is racist and xenophobic. I'm sure we can all do better. Please use one of the following terms instead: Kung Flu Peking Plague WuFlu Chop Fluey or my personal favorite: East Infection
2003: China tried to mislead people the origin of SARS is from HK 2020: China tries to mislead people the origin of Wuhan virus is from USA 
Big middle finger to the guy who walked by the sushi counter when I was grabbing sushi and I heard him say to his wife "ain't getting any of the Wuhan shit, probably laced with Coronavirus" You sir are part of the problem and you can just fuck off with your racist BS. 
Liberals In Media Claim It’s Racist For Trump To Say ‘Wuhan Coronavirus’ After Doing It For Weeks (VIDEO)  
Italy delayed testing and look what happened there. We are two weeks away from  like Italy. And Italy is the new Wuhan.  …
The Globalists, The New World Order, The George Soros types are having orgasms over the effects on the U.S economy due to the Wuhan Virus. This is a faster way to destroy America than their Green New Deal ambitions. Really makes my blood boil!!!!!
#BREAKING | US summons Chinese envoy over claims that American military brought coronavirus to Wuhan - official  
Which Wuhan Virus preparedness plan includes orgies and meth pipes?
And CNN & MSNBC are pushing China’s LIE that the Wuhan Chinese coronavirus did not start in China That is SOLID PROOF they are agents for  Chinese… And then there’s Joe Biden China’s BRIBED FRIEND  …
U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT SUMMONED CHINESE AMBASSADOR OVER CHINESE FOREIGN MINISTRY SPOKESMAN'S COMMENTS THAT U.S. MILITARY MAY HAVE BROUGHT CORONAVIRUS TO WUHAN- U.S. OFFICIAL
As #XiJinping toured the #Coronavirus-stricken city of #Wuhan this week, setting the tone for an official narrative that #China will win a “People’s War,” numerous social media users went to extraordinary lengths to make an alternative voice  …
Italy din expect disaster until it hits them Iran din expect it until it hits them South Korea did not expect it until it hits them Hong Kong expects it to be like Wuhan & it didn't happen Taiwan expects it would be like Wuhan but it didn't happen #anticipate #COVID19
How are we going to handle elections during Wuhan? Vote harvesting in hazmat suits?
#Gravitas | PM @narendramodi has called on SAARC nations for a united front against the Wuhan Coronavirus. Speaking to WION, Leaders and Envoys from SAARC nations  PM Modi's initiative. @palkisu gets you the reactions. @tahirqadiry @NKadurugamuwa 
They don't want us to talk about Wuhan
For those at @Facebook , @factcheckdotorg @BuzzFeedNews @JaneLytv - We would all love for you to give us your opinion on the authenticity of this video and its contents. China looks to have fumbled the super virus ball in their own endzone from the Wuhan Lab.  …
This is absurd propaganda from the  government, whose repeated attempts to keep the outbreak secret contributed significantly to the Wuhan virus  a worldwide pandemic.  …
Twitter Won't Remove Chinese Official's Conspiracy Theory Suggesting US Army Secretly Infected Wuhan With COVID-19  …
Happiness! China has gone from 15 000 new corona cases a day mid February to 15. Such an astonishing success! When the last temporary hospital in Wuhan closed this week, medics were so excited that they did this....... #Covid_19 
These idiots were doing dumb crap like this while Wuhan was already spreading into multiple countries 
While woke  about the name "Wuhan virus," here's a list of 17 diseases named after places or people. Latest for  …
Classic kafkatrap. Media accuses Republicans of being racist for calling the coronavirus "Wuhan virus" (nomenclature CNN and other networks used for months). Republicans respond to smears. Never Trump'ers: "Wow MAGA people are obsessed with what they can call the coronavirus."  …
I’m on lockdown bc of Wuhan virus foreign virus Chinese virus I cannot earn a living bc of Wuhan virus foreign virus Chinese virus My 401k is annihilated bc of Wuhan virus foreign virus Chinese virus My folks may die bc of Wuhan virus foreign virus Chinese virus F China  …
Some good news. We’ll get there, America. We’ll get there. Wuhan gets back to work; positive signs for future of coronavirus in U.S. - Washington Times  …
 in and showcases its beauty and spreads cheer, without bothering what preceded it. Beauty of nature . #wuhan 
Biden and the entire Democrat Party (and Mitt Romney) wasted the time and resources of our government on a sham impeachment while the Wuhan virus was already ravaging China They didn't care about protecting the American people They only cared about politics
No government is doing this for it's citizens. Wuhan, Iran, & now Italy. Thanks @narendramodi. Shame on western media/ leftist politician demeaning India. India survived Britishers/Islamic rule.India will survive Goebbelsian propaganda by #AntiHindu LW & Islamic Jihad  …
Fuck me.......everyone all of a sudden has  experts on the Coronavirus, all the Karen’s on Facebook have a scientific friend who are on the frontline in Wuhan who have given them advice on how to deal with the epidemic and the U.K. Gov & Scentist are wrong
Health experts implore Trump to STOP ATTACKING CHINA for coronavirus — for one very important reason WE NEED THEM #Trump & #Republicans have been referring to the #coronavirus/COVID-19 as the “Wuhan virus.” #MOG #MAGA believe #FoxNews  …
I didn't realize that the US Army was stationed in Wuhan  …
Chinese gov believes that 300 athletes of US army who participated in 7th Military World Games in Wuhan in Oct last year were already infected with #Coronavirus when they landed in China. Those US military athletes are thought to be behind spread of the deadly affliction in 
No one has been talking about the Chinese spy rings more than me And now we see the media parroting Chinese propaganda about the Wuhan virus Were these talking points spread by Chinese agents?
To deflect attention from its early silencing of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us of the coronavirus, giving the virus a 2-3 week headstart to explode into an epidemic, the Chinese government is concocting wild theories to somehow blame foreigners.  
DON'T BE DECEIVED BY CHINA. The virus originated in Wuhan China and the news was initially hid by CCP, until the outbreak went uncontrollable. Donations to WHO were bribes aiming to whitewash their disastrous fault. 
No, I don't think Wuhan coronavirus was a "bioweapon" unleashed by China. But if you've been claiming for 3 years that Russia "hacked" the U.S. election SIT THE FUCK DOWN You don't get to talk on this.
. @RahulGandhi shamelessly blames PM for not doing enough on #CoronaOutbreak here's a post by Balaji Viswanathan that slams such lies Jan 17: When there were barely 41 confirmed cases worldwide & 1 death in Wuhan, India mandated thermal screening for all passengers from China (1)
10 Stupidest Statements About the Wuhan Virus Over the Past 24 Hours; David Brooks Tops the List  …
China is now trying to blame the U.S. for the Wuhan virus. Hammer these fuckers with the biggest tariffs the world has ever seen.  …
China started this. Then they covered it up. Then they said it began "naturally" just a frisbee's throw away from massive Wuhan bio lab, source of a previous accidental outbreak. More evidence: First 10 Google entries all say this is a crazy theory, so u know it likely happened.
4chan was way ahead of Twitter on the Wuhan virus outbreak
Isn't ironic that it took this Wuhan coronavirus pandemic to make the best argument against Globalism? Mass offshoring of our manufacturing base & Open Borders. I'm not sure Libs will make the connection though as logic isn't their thing.
In light of the Chinese Wuhan Kung flu it's prudent to postpone the November elections indefinitely. Polling places should remain closed for the good of the people. Imagine those voting machines just crawling with foreign virus 
This is rich! China’s blaming the US for their virus. Wuhan, dude, it came from Wuhan. Weak effort and a coverup on your end, not ours.  …
The #Coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China. China failed to contain the outbreak and lied about the number of patients. China barred US health officials from entering the country to evaluate patients. Now, China is trying to say US troops are responsible?  …
“It absolutely came from Wuhan,” Dr. Fauci stated. “There’s no doubt about that.”  …
On balance, isn’t it fair to assume this virus much more widespread in the population of the world than any of us have actually realised, and perhaps, it didn’t even start in Wuhan?
ITM y'all! I can't bring myself to add to the panic of or animate anything about the Wuhan virus right now. . .so let's distract ourselves with the effectiveness of political ads. :)  cc: @adamcurry @THErealDVORAK
The Wuhan Virus is a real danger, but the media has weaponized it in a sick desire to destroy @realDonaldTrump and is happy to destroy America in the process. Americans must reject the globalist politics of the mainstream press.
@RudyGiuliani you're right Mr Mayor! The Media has been calling it the Wuhan or Chinese virus for months bc of IT'S ORIGIN THEY CHANGED THE SCRIPT & HOPING PEOPLE FORGET THAT THEY USED THE TERMS TOO! It's "racist" is just another lie to attack @POTUS  
Virus came from CHINA. Dems say racist. Do you think @realDonaldTrump will hold CHINA accountable for spreading bio weapon aka Coronavirus [Wuhan flu]?
Lady on CNN today called it the Wuhan Virus. 
This is a lie. The virus originated in Wuhan China, it was covered up by  regime, the regime lied to the world for weeks punishing doctors who spoke out about it, the regime endangered millions of people in China, and now around the world.  …
I think he’s talking about Wuhan Virus  …
FRIDAY REMINDER:  government had early knowledge of Coronavirus in Wuhan but ordered it suppressed -By hiding the deadly reality, China wasted 2 months the world could have used to plan containment and treatments -Chinese state "news" is propaganda
Sleepy Joe Biden and his media puppets said it was xenophobic to restrict travel to Europe. It is now the epicenter for the wuhan virus. Thank God we have an adult in charge. MAGA
The silver lining in the Wuhan Virus  The left won’t give Trump credit for the actions he has taken but Americans see it and the Europeans are acknowledging they were late in action, though they groused at not being consulted for travel ban. #WalkAway
The State Department summoned Chinese ambassador after China’s foreign ministry suggested the U.S. military might have brought coronavirus to Wuhan State Department summons Chinese ambassador over 'blatant' disinformation campaign on coronavirus | Fox News  …
China is ramping up their reckless accusation that the #WuhanVirus originated in the USA and was intentionally planted in Wuhan...there MUST be consequences  …
Every time I point out that this disease is failing in China, S. Korea and the USA, the fanboys chime in - but Italy! Well, Italy is what we call an outlier. Very old population, many travelers from China during the Wuhan outbreak. Mostly older men are obese and smoke heavily.
News: @statedept summoned the Chinese ambassador to Washington, Cui Tiankai, this morning due to  made by a Chinese official that the US military may have been responsible for bringing the coronavirus to Wuhan. Here he is leaving State. Didn’t answer questions. 
Oh no! CNN's reporter just called it the "Wuhan virus" and added "which originated, as we know, in Wuhan, China." Someone call @Acosta about this blatant xenophobia! I am literally 
In Wuhan, food by the truckload was brought in to the people as the crisis of Covid-19 got worse. The agency that coordinates this type of response here in the USA was destroyed by the trump admin.  …
With schools shutting down to mitigate the Wuhan virus, here are some children's books and reading guides for parents new to homeschooling:  …
It's going to seem like there is no Wuhan virus in Mexico until  out of control there. Uncontrolled outbreak is Mexico is something US policymakers need to be thinking about and planning for right now.  …
Please Listen to the Great One @marklevinshow 03/13/2020 as he hits on on the Chinese Government & MSM for spreading propaganda & trying their best to blame the President of the USA for the.WUHAN CORONAVIRUS ... 
We must call things by their proper names. This virus came from #Wuhan, a city in #China. #WuhanCoronavius #ChinaVirus  …
As Chinese President Xi  the people's war on #COVID19, how has the nation responded to his rallying call? What does his Wuhan inspection tell us? Check out the latest 
Oh how will they spin this negatively? President Bolsonaro of Brazil has tested negative. He doesn't have Wuhan coronavirus.
The positive consequences of Wuhan virus.  …
Estimating Scale Of #COVID19 In US: ~10,000 undetected cases as of March 1, based on conservative assumptions Likely to be an #underestimation of true number Used air traffic data between Wuhan and US, CDC confirmed cases, transmission dynamics  
I salute the health officials who were sent to Iran. We saw how Pakistan dumped its students in Wuhan. Lot of European countries have not cancelled visas but India did: @ishkarnBHANDARI 
"Calling COVID-19 the 'Wuhan virus' or 'Chinese coronavirus' keeps pressure on the Chinese government and forces it to be held accountable by the rest of the world for its initial response to the global crisis."
. @GordonGChang says officials should keep calling COVID-19 the "Wuhan virus" & push back on accusations of racism "We all need to unite and for people to say, 'this is racist' is irresponsible. There is no race known as Wuhanese."
Communist China covered up the outbreak in Wuhan, costing the world critical time National Security Adviser Robert O'Brien says China silenced doctors "so that the word of this virus could not get out. It probably cost the  two months."
Twitter Won’t Remove Chinese Official’s Tweet Suggesting US Army Introduced Virus Into Wuhan  …
China's internet users have found creative ways to evade censors trying to suppress a Wuhan doctor's account of how she alerted others to the new coronavirus 
Comparing the end of H1N1 with the start of Wuhan virus only makes sense if you ignore how viruses work
Right, AR-15's are made available by the Private Sector and test kits for Coronavirus are being held up by Government. Also--remember the  from WUHAN CHINA--stop playing to Chinese Propagandist demands.
China may be seeking to deflect blame as its initial, weeks-long cover-up proved costly at home and abroad, with a global recession now possible. China acknowledged its epidemic only after Wuhan-linked COVID-19 cases were detected in Thailand and S. Korea.  …
From Obama veterans, anger that US government did not act on Wuhan coronavirus in January, early February. Valid point, although Trump announced China travel restriction January 31. But was anything consuming Washington in January and early February? Hard to remember... 
The son of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro says his father tested *NEGATIVE* for Wuhan coronavirus, contrary to reporting he tested positive
Yes, exactly. It was fascinating. In addition to taking a chest x-ray, my doctor used a small, portable ultrasound probe on my chest while I sat on the exam table.  results to #COVID19 images gathered in part from CAT scans taken in Wuhan.  …
Footage From Italy, The same thing happened in Wuhan and some dudes even had solo performances on their balcony. Very touching scenes. Officially sobbing. Faith in humanity restored. 
Pakistan really has nothing to lose by staying out of Prime Minister Modi’s SAARC initiative on Corona. A nation that can leave its citizens to die in Wuhan and say it is an ‘act of solidarity’ can’t fall any lower. The abyss of humanity, these bigoted beasts.
Bluebonnets kill the Wuhan Virus. 
Campaign to 'thank' Xi Jinping flatly rejected by Wuhan citizens  …
Crenshaw Busts Biden for Contradicting Medical Experts on Benefit of ‘Walls,’ Travel Bans for Wuhan Virus  …
Second batch of evacuees from Wuhan in China quarantined at ITBP quarantine centre test negative for coronavirus, dispersal begins  …
Can anyone explain how a virus (identified in Wuhan in Dec 2019) spread to the Canadian prime minsters wife, one of Hollywood’s top actors & his wife, a Premier League football manager, and a British member of parliament - within 16 weeks - while bypassing the majority of us?
I'm limiting my response to wuhan naysayers to simply this link. I ain't got time for this crap today.  …
Iran was the only country that supported China during first days of crisis in Wuhan  …
My friends,how freaky is this “The Eyes of Darkness” by Dean Koontz “predicting” the Covid-19 Pandemic?Calling it Wuhan-400 since he said it was developed at China’s RDNA lab just outside the city of Wuhan.Check out the excerpts from the book ! Is this freaky or Ironic 
I think its interesting how we never hear about this story anymore regarding the Harvard Prof Charles Lieber arrested for misleading federal authorities about funds he allegedly received from Wuhan University of Technology (WUT)  …
#China has passed peak of #COVID19. All temporary hospitals in #Wuhan closed, life is back on track. Salute to these brave people. Now, we’re reciprocally sending medical experts, materials & sharing experience to others since you helped us a lot when we suffered then. Thank you! 
Citing conspiracy website articles, China’s foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian claims that the US military “brought the #Covid19 epidemic to Wuhan”  
I lived in #Wuhan during the #Covid_19 outbreak. If you live in the US and aren’t taking this seriously, you’re putting us all at risk. Please read my diary of my experience in Wuhan, the week this snowballed from nothing to a quarantine situation .  …
Reminder that martial law is only temporary. When China instituted it, it stemmed the spread of the coronavirus in Wuhan and greater Hubei province. Infections have more or less peaked. So, why is everyone else waiting?
Pending cases would take on a whole new meaning with judicial intervention to deal with #WuhanVirus. Patient 1: *coughs* Judge: The treatment is adjourned to April 13. Patient 2: *sneezes* Judge: The treatment will be taken up after the Summer Vacations. Wuhan Virus: *dies*  …
Absolutely correct, and more obvious by the day as China pushes its "America created the coronavirus" garbage. Like I said yesterday, once we finish quarantining the Wuhan virus, the top priority of the free world should be quarantining the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Communist China is working overtime to delink the Wuhan virus from China and blame the United States. China censored news of the outbreak, silenced journalists, and refused to let CDC & WHO officials study the virus, worsening the outbreak.  …
BREAKING: Dutch businessman buys entire district in #Wuhan 
That doctor was middle aged and in otherwise good health. I doubt he died of Wuhan virus. I would assume he died with a bullet in the back of his head.
‘Where was your patient zero?’ Chinese official speculates AMERICANS may have infected Wuhan at army games & calls to ‘come clean’  
"China is threatening to wreak havoc on America’s drug supply amid the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. Thanks to our globalist elite and especially missteps during the Obama-Biden administration, Beijing has the power to do just that...."  …
“It might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan.” China’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian is pushing #coronavirus conspiracy theories as the country works to control the narrative of the #CoronavirusPandemic More @business:  
Prepare for 157 questions like "Mr President, do you have the Wuhan Virus yet? Why won't you get tested? When are you going to die?"  …
We need to learn important #COVID-19 lessons from Wuhan: 1. >50% of infected or suspected patients had diarrhea in this report. Others report rates from 2-33% 2. COVID can be transmitted via endoscopy procedures 3. We must screen pts & use PPE in endosocpy  …
Just read this  on the UK government's approach  the Coronavirus (-> which originated from Wuhan, China). They seem to be betting on herd immunity. It's a risky strategy, but it could pay off in the long run, as it reduces risk of 2nd wave infections 
China has gone from 15 000 new corona cases a day mid February to 15. Such an astonishing success! When the last temporary hospital in Wuhan closed this week, medics were so excited that they did this....... Great News guys 
The Wuhan #CoronaVirus has proven President right on: - Securing our border - Not outsourcing jobs & manufacturing to China - Making America sovereign again. But @TheDemocrats see it as Impeachment 2.0. With the superb Trish Regan:  
Allowing illegals stricken w/ the Wuhan CoronaVirus to cross open borders and allow them to consume free medical treatment and use our schools while infecting our children is supported by @JoeBiden who is determined that travel bans and walls will not slow the spread of 
What a story... tracing the lives of two 29-year-old medical workers in wuhan, from the moment they caught the disease, to when one of them died and the other survived.  …
The lie that COVID19 is an American disease introduced by the US Army in Wuhan in October is being promoted by China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Yet Jim Acosta & others in the media pillory US govt officials and @FoxNews for using terms that reveal the virus's 
China is launching a disinformation campaign to hide the fact this virus started in Wuhan, and remove any possible blame on them. It’s sad to see US outlets getting behind the disinformation. Great video showing the shift in narrative: 
Considering @ChrisCuomo recent apologia to China over the use of the word “Wuhan” I’m thinking more the Uyghurs.  …
In order to prevent Wuhan virus panic further spread, TURN OFF YOUR TELEVISION!
The best time in #Wuhan when cherry blossoms reach the zenith... This spring people will appreciate the ocean of pink more than ever. 
"4 people with Covid19 were discharged in Wuhan after recovery, & 1 of the injured women repeatedly bowed to thank the medical staff. A nurse from Jilin Province could not hold & cry. "The beautiful thing in Wuhan is not cherry blossoms, but the gratitude of the people of Wuhan."  …
The @nytimes originally labeled its interactive map the "Wuhan Coronavirus Map." It is now just the "Coronavirus Map."  …  
“Chinese medical workers who have been fighting the #coronavirus day and night in Wuhan celebrated the closing of the last temporary hospital in Wuhan. The reported #covid19 cases went from a surge in February of 15,000 in one day to only 15 this 
Of course HK's unique, w/ its population density and its border w/ China. And we have our history w/ SARS etc. But still – as a HKer who followed the Wuhan epidemic closely – I continue to be surprised at the European public reaction (though more + more are starting to panic). 5/
Still, Almost no videos of infected people recording themselves so other can prepare for Wuhan Virus... Kinda important right ??? Like, I'd like for 10 or 20 people to vlog or just record how they feel and take care of themselves.... Am I asking for to much???
'Look, let me tell you something. The last time this Wuhan guy tried to hurt America I told him ... I told him, Look, fat, pancakes equal purple. PURPLE.' Because that's what we do. Right? We get in the pool and let the kids touch our hairy legs. That's America.'  …
Chinese diplomat promotes conspiracy theory that US military brought virus to Wuhan - CNN  …
Social media is yin and yang like everything else. At once: Social media is the greatest source of disinformation ever. Social media is the greatest sense making tool ever developed. How it works for you is your choice. This is also a Wuhan Rorschach test.
The leading Dem presidential candidate, Joe Biden, also repeated the Chinese Communist party line in his absurd "coronavirus address." It was just about his first order of business. This is not a coincidence. Getting everyone to stop talking about Wuhan is a top CCP agenda item.
In my opinion the response to the Wuhan Virus regarding "Testing" has been miserable. The CDC like most agencies is populated by Democrats. I believe the CDC is trying to make Trump look bad by slowing the test kits. Something is wrong at the CDC! The Wuhan Virus is the new Coup! 
“Unfortunately, rather than using best practices, this outbreak in Wuhan was covered up,” O’Brien added.  …
China is now using a brigade of useful idiots in the West to turn the Wuhan virus outbreak into a PR win for themselves
The Wuhan Chinese Flu is just another reminder on how the past Obama Bush and Clinton administrations sold us all out. #Trump2020 Wall Street Elites Made Us Dependent On China - American  …
Loved it when Beijing bought us time to deal with COVID-19 by muzzling a Wuhan doctor who tried to warn the world in December and then died of the virus six weeks later.
CHROME MADE IN CHINA [WUHAN]  …
Wuhan produced adrenochrome which is the drug of the elites The virus was in the drug that’s why they’re all panicking 
I elected President Trump to fight foreign threats like Wuhan virus
14 days have now passed since my staff and I interacted with an individual who tested positive for the Wuhan virus. We feel great, no one has experienced symptoms, and our work continues remotely. Thanks for the well wishes and words of encouragement. We will get through this!
The Wuhan #CoronaVirus has proven President right on: - Securing our border - Not outsourcing jobs & manufacturing to China - Making America sovereign again. And @TheDemocrats see it as Impeachment 2.0. With the superb 
Residents said police stayed inside their apartments to stop them from shouting unfavorable slogans during #Chinese leader Xi Jinping’s visit to #Wuhan Watch the full video here:  
A little more perspective... 30-40 people are murdered in Baltimore City every month. 30-40 people have died from the Wuhan Virus in the ENTIRE United States this month. Not buying the Media hysteria.
Why it’s important to keep calling it the Wuhan virus American Nationalism or Chinese Imperialism.  …
Hey World! We want to make you smile. Do you remember the thrilling cries from Wuhan homes? Look what is happening in Napoli ( #Italy). Everybody singing local songs from balconies during lockdown. #coronavirus #CoronaVirusitaly 
Today, #China reported only 8 new #COVID19 cases with just 5 new cases in #Wuhan, the outbreak epicenter. According to the National Health Commission, the country's #coronavirus epidemic has passed its peak. @Reuters  …
“ I will return to the team soon,” she texted": Unforgettable, heartbreaking tale by @suilee @vwang3 of two 29-year-old Wuhan medical professionals who became coronavirus patients -- with only one surviving  …
China Blames US For Bringing Coronavirus to Wuhan, Says They Deserve an "Explanation"  … MEDIA DEMS CHINA, BOND... On Thursday, a Chinese government official suggested that United States officials purposely introduced the coronavirus into Wuhan, China.
Per CDC, the first travel-related case of coronavirus in the US arrived in Washington state from Wuhan on Jan. 15. “CDC has been proactively preparing for the introduction of 2019-nCoV in the United States for weeks,” the Jan. 21 press release said.   …
Idea that China bought the world time with their  undermined by China allowing millions of Chinese to leave the country after the initial Wuhan outbreak that the government covered up.
CNN's Jim @Acosta tried to paint President Trump as "xenophobic" for calling the coronavirus a "foreign virus." Except Acosta once referred to the outbreak as the "Wuhan coronavirus" as well.  …
You will see it after this. The EU are  faster than high rises full of sick people in Wuhan.
Chinese diplomat promotes conspiracy theory that US military brought coronavirus to Wuhan This is going to  a narrative you will see pushed by Russians, Iranians, and the Chinese on social media. Do not let misinformation spread. Quarantine lies.  …
Perhaps Jack remembered all the video messages from US  & local politicians offering love to the people of Wuhan. The Chinese never forget.
"China has a history of poor safety practices at its laboratories...All the more important reason why China needs to be transparent and why we need a team of international scientists to be allowed to visit Wuhan and get to the bottom of the origin of this virus." - @SenTomCotton
"Given the CCP lied about the origin of the #coronavirus, we now know that it didn't start in the Wuhan food market. We need to raise the question about the proximity of this virus outbreak to China's only biosafety level 4 super lab in Wuhan, where they research coronaviruses.."
The women were fighting for their lives in the same hospitals where they worked. Within a matter of weeks, they had gone from healthy medical professionals on the front lines of the epidemic in Wuhan, China, to coronavirus patients in critical condition. 
Once again: Advice for surviving the Wuhan coronavirus: 1. Stay calm. Sun don't shine on the same dogs tail all the time. 2. Wash your hands. I can live with that. 3. Turn off the garbage news media. I like to see you try. 
Coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China, in late December and has quickly escalated worldwide. Here's where it has spread throughout the United States.  
Something worth remembering - these are the *direct deaths* from COVID-19, but there are going to be big knock-on effects from health services crashing that affect all ages. This was visible in Wuhan, though we don't have data on it yet.  …
#Covid -19 .. “NEW CASES OF CORONAVIRUS IN WUHAN (China where it all started ) ARE DOWN TO SINGLE DIGITS” according to a Belfast Based Chinese resident who told me this morning she phones home every day. Her explanation for alleged drop off in new cases - ‘lockdown.’
Wuhan Virus, and in fact all modern world pandemics have started in Communist China. Time to stop buying Chinese. Time to limit Chinese entry into USA. Time to manufacture our own medications. Time to step up and be America. It’s not racist, it’s American @realDonaldTrump
Chinese medical workers who have been fighting the #coronavirus day and night in Wuhan celebrated the closing of the last temporary hospital in Wuhan. The reported #covid19 cases went from a surge in February of 15,000 in one day to only 15 this 
China is easing travel restrictions in some counties of Hubei as the #coronavirus situation improves. Xinhua reports from Qichun, a town 150 km from Wuhan which is among the first in the province to loosen traffic curbs. 
US/China tensions are heating up. #Pompeo insists on calling #COVID19 "Wuhan Virus," infuriating PRC. And PRC MFA spokesman @zhaolijian counters: "It might be the US Army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan". Virus blame game: Dangerous. @ianbremmer @LizEconomy @YanzhongHuang
After seeing distorted reports on China's measures to contain #coronavirus, James Ryan Nolton, a college English teacher who's been living in Beijing, decided to record his daily life. In this episode, he explains how China built #Wuhan's #Huoshenshan Hospital in just 10 
"Rather than using best practices, the outbreak in #Wuhan was covered up by the Chinese govt. The doctors involved were either silenced or put in isolation so that the word of this virus could not get out. It probably cost the  two months."  …
How does  #coronavirus? 16 temporary hospitals were built in 16 days in Wuhan to receive #COVID19 patients with mild symptoms. As of March 10, all these hospitals closed as the epidemic has been effectively under control  
Lets all go smurfing outside while wuhan smurfing is spread to show our smurf solidarity. Fucking clownworld we live in  …
The idiots started calling "WUHAN VIRUS" or "CHINA VIRUS" racist almost the instant China's propaganda machine told them to. The idiots & the FAKE NEWS are the greatest propaganda microphone  Chinese could have ever asked for Well done, idiots!
Not only did the virus not originate at the seafood market, it did not originate in Wuhan at all, and it has now been proven that it did not originate in China but was brought to China from another country.  …
I’d sure like to see @MikeBloomberg and @TomSteyer sink some money into building new ICU units in two weeks like they did in Wuhan, not to mention testing labs. Might redeem trying to buy the presidency, just sayin’.
If calling Covid19 the "Wuhan virus," which...fyi...is an accurate name, incites bigotry/xenophobia in someone, then that person was probably a bigot/xenophobe to begin with.  …
The MSM is creating an all out panic. They are destroying small businesses, crushing 401(k)s and terrifying people They are rooting for recession destruction and death. The MSM is pure garbage. They truly are the #EnemyOfThePeople #Wuhan #CoronaVirusUpdate
WOW: You know how Republicans are being accused of being “racist” for saying Coronavirus came from Wuhan, China? Well, watch “racist” @BarackObama repeatedly say Ebola is from West Africa! 
No. We are not going to read your Chinese Commie Propaganda. We The People know where the Wuhan Virus started and IT WAS NOT here in the United States. YOU ARE THE ENEMY  …
Leave it to Congress to take the Wuhan Virus and use it to steal American’s wealth and find ways to redistribute that wealth to special interests. Why not just a clean bill for the Wuhan Virus? The Media and Congress are the real virus.
#CoronaVirusSA Outside the quarantine site in The Ranch Resort in Polokwane, Limpopo. This where 121 South Africans repatriated from Wuhan, China will be quarantined. None in the group has tested positive for coronavirus. 
And when he gets to Wuhan, he will visit an old restaurant that sells the best octopus limb soup.
I've talked to hundreds of people this week & every single person says the overblown hysteria of the Wuhan Virus is 100% the fault of the MEDIA, especially CNN, who primarily view it as a weapon to bash Trump.
The Democrat's Wuhan Coronavirus Bill Is Disgraceful, Partisan Trash  …
The Wuhan coronavirus hype and hysteria is not much different than AOC's, the bartender, prediction that we’re all going to die in 12 years...
Are Chinese officials really going to insist that the virus didn't originate from China? I doubt even the Wuhan public would believe in this. To aspire to be a great country, one perhaps needs to learn how not to repeat unconvincing denials, admit what happened, and apologise.
Ask yourself why the media called it the Wuhan virus until the moment the Chinese government began their big propaganda push, then it instantly became racist. Our media is much, much worse than just biased.
Same Democrats and Media claiming @realDonaldTrump should have spent more time on Wuhan caronavirus preparation spent December-January-February forcing Trump, admin, and Congress to deal with impeachment and trial  …
A Wuhan resident reconstructs how her mother and grandmother struggled through the onslaught of the coronavirus—and lost  via @BW
Due To An 'Outbreak Of Stupidity' People Will Die Of Starvation Surrounded By Toilet Paper #Wuhan #wuhanvirus  …
A "temporary mom" of a 2-month-old boy, this unmarried nurse in #Wuhan learned babysitting from scratch...  
Word on the street is the only way to kill the Wuhanvirus/ COVID 19 is to tell HRC it is going to testify against her. --Wuhan out
Chinese government propagandist pushing the batshit crazy fake news that Wuhan coronavirus did not originate in China but the US. Shameless.  …
kids on lockdown in Wuhan teamed up to get their school app kicked off the Apple Store, and some kids in New York's containment zone are FaceTiming eachother during quizzes so they can switch to playing Grand Theft Auto all day, @AlbertSamaha  …
The same media types crying ‘racist’ over people using term ‘Wuhan Virus’, used the term ‘Wuhan virus’. 
Conti: …abilities to Wuhan's front line medical workers, and the relatives of those hero's who sacrificed themselves fighting the epidemic, to add some additional support, in hope to triumph over the epidemic. We are physically from different places around the world but our…"
I seem to remember it starting in China... Do you remember it starting elsewhere? And last I checked, China was a foreign country. I also remember every MSM calling it the "Wuhan Coronavirus" back before it wasn't cool (like 3 weeks ago). So what did POTUS say wrong?  …
Tireless heroes fighting coronavirus on the frontline in Wuhan. These exhausted nurses have been left with sore marks on their skin from wearing tight face masks and goggles for 12 hours straight to protect themselves from the virus. Brave nation unlike chutya Pakistanis 
In case you missed it. It's the WUHAN CORONA VIRUS.  …
Wouldn’t it be nice to have a few days of thorough coverage of the Wuhan Virus without the political angle? Hearing it’s all Trump’s fault?
This region accounts for ~1/6 of #Italy’s population but ~60% of its #coronavirus cases and 75% of its #COVID19 deaths. In Lombardy, the fatality rate is >2x higher  with 4% elsewhere in Italy, because the hospitals are overwhelmed, like #Wuhan’s were.
China, pushing conspiracy theory, accuses US Army of bringing coronavirus to Wuhan  
Here’s what the Democrats (and their media lapdogs) were doing while the Wuhan coronavirus was spreading ...  …
The theory is based on the fact that 300 athletes from the U.S. military attended the Military World Games in Wuhan in October — the city where months later the global pandemic originated. 
Orwellian: the Chinese propaganda is designed to hide China's responsibility being the origin of the China virus - and the US media is amplifying: Communist China says US military may have brought coronavirus to epicenter Wuhan 
"The Coronavirus is a billion dollar investment, the people that created it have a cure for it stored in a facility, waiting for it's demand to rise. The man behind it is a crazy scientist called Fei Wang. That's our next Blacklister. Dembe prep the jet, we're going to Wuhan."  …
Let me clarify that Milan - the football team - donated supplies to Wuhan, though they are owned by a Chinese firm  … Even Iraq, Myanmar & Philippines donated medical supplies to China last month - for free.
President Trump says a domestic travel ban within the United States is “a possibility” to fight the spread of the coronavirus from Wuhan, China. 
If it's racist to call the kung flu "Wuhan virus", when did Wuhan  a race? Why has every other infection named after location of origin not been racist until now?
"Wuhan Flu" is strong but why hold back when we could call it the "Kung Pao Yellow Death"? 
We're "sparring" with China in the sense that we're outlining facts about the origin of the Wuhan virus & they're using their state media to push out gaslighting nonsense. Which, yeah OK, they have a state media so they use it. Question is why Western outlets are playing along.  …
Brian Kilmeade: "The Wuhan virus that poisoned the world. That's what you get when you get Chinese trade. And that's what the  should keep in mind when you cut these deals." 
Very reassuring and uplifting to hear of the positive experience of Indians and foreigners evacuated from Wuhan/China and quarantined in ITBP - now being discharged after testing negative in two rounds of testing for Corona Virus. Thank you PM @narendramodi
Do people remember when the Wuhan Virus was first being reported on? Videos were being taken of people dropping dead in the street, hundreds of bodies next to each other Was the strain more lethal there, or could it have been a propaganda of sorts? Why not anywhere else?
Hey.. In fact, this contagious virus originated from WUHAN CHINA and spread throughout the world it causing thousands of people die. The Chinese government should apologize to the world for this pandemic.  …
On my way to work I saw 100's of bodies... They were all on their way to work too. Wuhan virus?
Medical staff in #Wuhan are filmed taking off their masks as the progress of the #coronavirus in China slows down  
Respect and gratitude to all medical and nursing staff around the world. You are the heroes and heroines of the century. #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan #CoronaVirusChallenge #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid_19 #coronovirususa 
Wahlburgers S11E06: Mark explains that he was almost in Wuhan at the start of the coronavirus and couldve stopped it from happening. Donnie and Paul develop a new menu item.
South China Morning Post is saying that the first Wuhan Virus case may have been on November 17 in the Hubei province. Wuhan is in the Hubei province. Also, that aligns with the WeChat messages from taxi drivers.  …  
Want to know more about Wuhan? “The gateway to the rest of the world.” “The Chicago of China.” “Roadside vendors are everywhere!” 
China blames its Wuhan virus on U.S. military. Will Democrat Party-media be far behind? Sounds like the Chinese regime is racist to me.  …
China has largely succeeded in keeping its stores filled with food and other essentials—even in places hard-hit by the coronavirus like Wuhan 
Your daily reminder that COVID-19 is a foreign virus that started in Wuhan, China and the media has sided with the Communist Party of China in insisting we can't state that truth.
Currently in Stage 2,there is some local transmission,  transmission says @ICMRDELHI ‘window of opportunity to contain situation at Stage 2.Quarantine,sanitisation, social distancing effective tools. Tests show coronavirus in India 99.99% similar to Wuhan virus
These markets are horrifically cruel. Sadly I don’t think the Wuhan coronavirus will be the end of them.  …
So, Sophie Trudeau has tested positive for a MILD case of Wuhan virus. Trudeau says he is NOT going to be tested because he has no symptoms but is going to isolate himself for 14 days anyway. Wouldn't you insist on being tested if you live with someone who has the virus?
So there is indeed a mass exodus out of Manila happening now. This is exactly how the coronavirus spread out of Wuhan, remember? When 5 million people left Wuhan shortly before lockdown, yes? Best of luck, God bless the Philippines.
Wang Jiaqi, a nurse of a medical team from Jilin province supporting #Hubei, couldn’t hold back the tears as patients bowed in a farewell to the medical workers at Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan. #EverydayHero #coronavirus 
More than two months after a new virulent #coronavirus emerged, more than 100,000 people have been infected worldwide. But the #COVID19 infection has largely spared Taiwan, despite the island's proximity to the virus's epicenter of Wuhan.   …
Think any of these toilet  will donate part of their profits  the Wuhan situation?
BS! China is now spreading the lie that the US is to blame for the #coronavirus Where are their facts? They have none bc it came from a lab in #Wuhan Who's helping spread these lies? Biden, Acosta & the Fake News Media! I'm sick of it Do you agree? 
“This outbreak in Wuhan was covered up. There’s lots of open source reporting from China ... Doctors involved were either silenced or put in isolation so the word of this virus couldn’t get out. It probably cost the  two months.” - Robert O’Brien, NSC  …
Acknowledging that the Coronavirus originated in China and referring to it as the "Wuhan Virus" is about as racist as referring to General Tso's chicken as Chinese food....
China accuses US of importing Coronavirus to Wuhan  …
The Wuhan Virus did  from Wuhan please everyone calm down. 
This is a wonderful longread about the “bat woman” of China. Wuhan-based virologist Shi Zhengli has identified dozens of deadly viruses in bat caves, and she warns there are more out there.  …
A Chinese government campaign to cast doubt on the origin of the #coronavirus pandemic is fuelling a row with the United States, with a Beijing official promoting conspiracy theories and Washington calling it the "Wuhan virus" 
Why is the UK Government asking us to believe it is inevitable at least 60% of us will catch #Covid_19 when the outbreak appears to have run its course now in Hubei with less than 1% of the population of Wuhan catching it?
A British school teacher who moved to Wuhan in China last year has told LBC the #CoronavirusPandemic over there seems to be calming down. Shell Buchanan is still trapped outside of her home in Wuhan after the city's borders shut. Read more:  
Medical examination of employees of the RANCH HOTEL by doctors and nurses is currently underway. Repatriated Soutg Africans from Wuhan will be quarantined at the The Ranch Hotel. With MEC @HealthLimpopo @PhophiRamathuba overseeing the process 
China is paying tribute to the incredible, tireless heroes fighting coronavirus on the frontline in Wuhan by sharing these stark images on social media. These exhausted nurses have been left with sore marks on their skin from wearing tight face masks and goggles for 12 hours- 
Joe Biden’s ‘Plan’ for Dealing With Wuhan Virus Was Mostly Plagiarized From the Most Amazing Source  …
It's estimated that everybody everywhere will get the Wuhan Virus and Orange Man Very Bad. Cool, now I'm a qualified scientist or something and can go on the news.
1.) Why have 48 hours between the announcement and start of Duterte's #lockdown when a mass exodus only risks spreading #COVID19ph nationwide? Along with the Chinese gov't attempted cover-up, this is exactly how the virus spread so fast out of Wuhan.  …
Chinese Official Blames US For Introducing Coronavirus To Wuhan, Says US ‘Owes Us An Explanation.’  …
Germany's @rki_de said the country could get into a situation like Italy, where doctors are practicing triage. A study shows that this cld happen by end of May. This is a @Reuters pic of a makeshift #Covid_19 hospital in #Wuhan, one of several. Is Europe ready? 
Captain Obvious: America’s enemies are watching our self immolation due to the Wuhan Virus. We surrendered after 40 died, mostly over 80. Their conclusion: Kill Americans on their soil and they won’t fight. We should be ashamed of this weakness.
Do you know anyone who actually has the Wuhan Virus? #FridayMorning #Wuhan #GreatButtWipePanicOf2020
Chinese Communist Party info war: 1) Label anyone a racist who mentions that epicenter of coronavirus was in Wuhan.This effectively creates self- censorship. 2)Use troll army & fellow travelers to attack people @twitter 3)Use Twitter to spread CCP propaganda, blame US & sow  …
Racist xenophobic @CNN reporters identifying COVID19 as originating in Wuhan China @AOC @AyannaPressley @Ilhan @RashidaTlaib give them 
Nimemaliza kukisoma, it has such an interesting story abt a boy who survived Corona virus by that time ilikua inaitwa Wuhan 400..... Funny fact is kimeandikwa zamani sanaaa, so Corona seems to be there all along it was jct a matter of time 
"If you stack up the orange bars until 1/22, you get 444 cases. Now add up all the grey bars. They add up to ~12,000 cases. So when Wuhan thought it had 444 cases, it had 27 times more." The same math applied to the US known 1,700 cases means we likely already have 40,000+! 
V moving story of two 29 year-old women who got Covid-19 in Wuhan. Both previously in good health, and got good medical care. One lived, one died. Heartbreaking, and also a reminder of what the plan for "herd immunity" might cost us here. via  …
It’ll be even more interesting if we can have Beijing explain why an exercise conducted last September in Wuhan included a simulated detection and containment of a coronavirus, of all types. Xinhua report in mandarin:   …
“Is it China’s official stance to claim that it might be the US army who brought the #covid19 virus to Wuhan?” “China has always believed that this is a science question and we need to listen to scientific and professional opinions. “  …
A nurse in Shanghai who joins the Wuhan rescue team is also a Kimi fan. She draws the picture on her protective suit. She is fighting against the coronavirus on the battlefield, but keep postive and love to Kimi! Wish all the people around the world be safe! #Kimi7 
The Wuhan Flu is serious pandemic, but this article from 2009 during H1N1 Swine Flu is a stunning reminder of how differently Dems & media discussed it.  …
Nothing hurts China when you call it Wuhan Virus or WuFlu and not Corona Virus. Communist propaganda even in India is activated to whitewash the crimes against humanity but we must call a spade a spade. China is the mother of #WuFlu #WuhanVirus #ChinaVirus #ChinaLies
The depth and viciousness of the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman suggesting that the US Army brought the coronavirus to Wuhan is a grim reminder of the dishonesty and underlying hostility of the Chinese dictatorship. Remember Chinese government lied about virus for months.
Both were 29-year-old medical workers. Both lived in Wuhan. Neither told their children when they got sick. Only one survived. How two women’s stories show the unpredictability and heartbreak of the coronavirus, by @suilee and me  …
China has a three-pronged war against America: illegal trade practices; the Wuhan virus; and now disinformation and political interference.  …
As I was thinking about how to do this story, the Wuhan authorities announced last month that two 29-year-old doctors had died in a weekend. One of them was Xia Sisi, a gastroenterologist with a two-year-old son.
Every journalist knows that a single death is a tragedy, a million a statistic. 68,000 people have recovered from the coronavirus outbreak, while nearly 5,000 have died. @vwang3 and I zoom in on two of them: two 29-yr-old female medical workers from Wuhan. 
The choice is NOT between Wuhan style draconian lock downs and virtually nothing at all. Studies *do* show efficacy of early school closures, preventing large gatherings, etc. The more we do early on now, the better - averting an Italy-style crisis /5  …
Do you know why Taiwan is the only country in the world who did the best to control this Wuhan Virus epidemic? It’s because they are not a member of WHO. They started protecting themselves immediately after the virus was found in Wuhan without depending on what WHO was saying. 
 wanted students from Wuhan to be brought back if we were in denial the number would have been 2000 not 20! Stop acting like expert on everything, Let the authorities do thr job  …
GUY IS OVER WUHAN CHINESE VIRUS.... want to call me racist for mentioning the origination point.. boohoo. Nothing more than another attempt to take down @POTUS Guess what... don’t give a damn if my stocks tank... IM STILL VOTING @POTUS IN NOV #WuhanVirus 
Novel heroes: “I am a doctor, so I have to do my job and do my duty.” Philippe Klein, a French doctor, chose to stick to his post after the novel #coronavirus epidemic broke out in Central China’s #Wuhan. #Covid_19 
Close to 1 million deaths by abortion every year in the US Wuhan Virus at 41....
BlinkIn, a startup incubated in NASSCOM CoE, helped install Air Handling Units at a hospital in Wuhan. At a time when travel to #Wuhan was impossible, their remote tech support enabled the hospital to treat patients. Remarkable use of #tech! 
Please. Just stop. Some dunce at the Wuhan death factory fucked up. Took his chicken girlfriend from work on a date out on the town and fucked up the globe.  …
BACK in January, when the coronavirus seemed only a distant prospect, I received an unexpected message from Wuhan. A woman there, self-isolating, because she had symptoms, had  in one of my sonnets and wanted to let me know.  … from @churchtimes
When this Wuhan virus runs its course, the world hasn't ended, financial markets have recovered, etc. Who's going to be there with me to call Three Strikes, Your'e Out on the dimms vs Trump debacle? Or is it four strikes? Five, maybe? Six? Perhaps, seven... #KAG2020
Democrats are a bunch of low lives. Adding to the Wuhan Virus bill unnecessary abortion money? They are obsessed with abortion!  …
Time to say goodbye! All #COVID19 patients at Hubei Provincial Hospital of Integrated Chinese and Western Medicine have left the hospital and the wards closed after 45 days of care by Guangdong medics sent to support #Wuhan. 
‘ Did The Deep State Purposely Orchestrate this tragedy ??? WHOEVER DID THIS WILL BE HUNTED ????? Where was your patient zero?’ Chinese official speculates AMERICANS may have infected Wuhan at army games & calls to ‘come clean’ — RT World News  … #
How about the Wuhan Wiggle?  …
127 Countries and Territories around the world have reported a total of 134,807 confirmed cases of the coronavirus COVID-19 that originated from Wuhan, China #CoronavirusPandemic
#China suggests US in throes of own #coronavirus cover-up, that US could be virus origin, and infected Chinese city Wuhan via @USArmy. More on Beijing’s growing narrative - and what that means for US-China ties. (Not good!)  
China, pushing conspiracy theory, accuses US Army of bringing coronavirus to Wuhan  
Let’s all believe the People’s Daily, China twitter account! You unleashed a virus from your Wuhan facility. What the fuck would you like us to call it? How did the USA get so fucked that some imbeciles believe this lying fuck nation????  …
dembe! get the jet. we're going to wuhan.  …
Students in Wuhan watching us start to panic now that Corona is just next door in Kenya. 
Cash Grab is scientifically proven to be 400X more effective than Kenneth Copeland at curing and preventing the Wuhan virus.   …
Under the same roof, faced with the same adversaries, understanding, forbearance, positivity and a true sense  that will keep us all afloat. There's no other way. That is what I learned from the temporary hospitals in #Wuhan. @thepointwithlx 
#Coronavirus came from #Wuhan so it called #WuhanCoronavius  …
Zhao now suggesting the US army brought the #Wuhanvirus to #Wuhan. It’s an eg of a “great lie”; unf. world pol/biz leaders are conditioned by norms of debate and economy to trivialize this kind of mad rhetoric, to somehow laugh it off. They should take it seriously and respond  …
#COVID19 is NOT “Chinese coronavirus”: Some US politicians with malicious intentions are calling #COVID19 the “Chinese” or “Wuhan” coronavirus. Don’t fall for it!  
A heart breaking and important story to remind everyone that the deaths in Wuhan are not merely numbers. There are numerous desperate men and women, like the ones depicted in the story, paying an extremely heavy price for the aggressive measures imposed for controlling the virus.  …
‘Where was your patient zero?’ Chinese official speculates AMERICANS may have infected Wuhan at army games & calls to ‘come clean’ — RT World News  …
An ever increasing amount of celebrities and politicians with Wuhan Virus and I still haven’t heard of a single person I know who has it.
20200313 Due to immigration restriction imposed by South East Asia countries caused by Wuhan-virus, ALL UO fleets were grounded except 4 A320s : B-LCG, B-LCJ, B-LCM, B-LCP Wish all the best and get well soon. #VHHH 
Time person of the year 2020: Wuhan health workers.  …
#CoronaVirusUpdate | Dispersal of 112 evacuees taken from #Wuhan begins, housed at @ITBP_official Chhawla #Quarantine Facility, New Delhi after they are tested negative in #CoronaVirus Tests. 
Air pollution in Wuhan has decreased significantly since outbreak of coronavirus - pollution responsible for far more deaths annually. Carbon emissions in China predicted to reduce 25%. System of work inseparable from public health & climate breakdown.  …
A Wuhan resident reconstructs how her mother and grandmother struggled through the onslaught of the coronavirus—and lost  via @BW
 from Wuhan. That's why it's called #WuhanVirus End of story.
Repeat after me 'China is responsible for #WuhanVirus outbreak'. #SpreadTheWord lets not forget who is the real culprit behind the #CoronaOutbreak. #IBlameChina #coronavirusindia #coronavirus #GoCorona #Covid_19 #Wuhan 
Speak about capacity building, retraining of existing engineering talent pool to adapt to modern manufacturing. Those talking about trade sanctions on china etc should know that the west cant do without the China even if its proved that the Wuhan virus was a bio weapon.
hey @WHO, you are WRONG again. Hong Kong got confirmed case of a pet dog infected by Wuhan Coronavirus already. I dont mean to spread fear and I am worried pets will be desserted too. But fact is fact. Pet dogs can get the virus.  …
Our repatriation team are acknowledging all our messages of support and are in high spirits. Here’s a message from them #Wuhan 
Chinese government is currently in the midst of spreading disinformation by saying the virus didn’t originate from China. They already hide the first signs of the outbreak for weeks at Wuhan and now they have the fucking audacity to tell us this. Seriously, fuck China.  …
I’ve had Enough of The Corona Virus! Who’s with me on a Time Heist to Wuhan?!?! 
#coronavirus ~ China's biological weapon In 1981, the book "The Eyes of Darkness" was published by Dean Koontz. It has been written that the "corona virus" was created by China in a laboratory in Wuhan, its hometown. #Covid_19 #CoronaOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic 
I actually had to tell my boss today that calling COVID-19 the "Chinese Wuhan coronavirus" in an email to our clients was highly offensive to a LOT of people. Guess which news channel she watches?  …
China's #WuhanVirus is nothing else but biological warfare on the world. #ChinaVirus China's military bio weapon expert 'take over virus lab in Wuhan'  … via @MailOnline
Reuters: CHINA'S FOREIGN MINISTRY SPOKESMAN GENG SHUANG, ASKED ABOUT MINISTRY SPOKESMAN ZHAO SUGGESTING U.S. MAY HAVE BROUGHT CORONAVIRUS EPIDEMIC TO WUHAN, SAYS DOES NOT COMMENT DIRECTLY ON ZHAO'S STATEMENT
As #Italy enforced a nationwide #lockdown, people in self-isolation played Italian national anthem and sang along from their balconies to boost each other's spirit. The visuals reminded Chinese netizens of similar scenes in #Wuhan, a month ago. 
#China #Wuhan war vs 
They double down on this. Crazy. That's why it should be called WUHAN CORONAVIRUS, coz they kept lying plainly and trying to shift the blame on where the virus originated.  …
All these smear-factories posing as “anti-hate groups” all work the same. Time to look into Chinese money dumps into the ADL. Been to Beijing lately, Jon? And stop calling it Covid-19. It’s Wu Flu, Kung Flu, Wuhan virus, Bat Soup Bug, Sweet n Sour Sicken, or China virus. Period.  …
Awesome, China closes last temporary hospital in #Wuhan, epicenter of #COVID19. Beautiful video of medics celebrating the closure. Congrats 
China official says U.S. military may have brought COVID-19 to Wuhan 
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman believes US Army might have brought COVID-19 to Wuhan 
An inside look at life under lockdown in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak 
A man looks out of a window while eating noodles in Wuhan, where residents are still holed up in their apartments after more than 50 days in coronavirus confinement. More images of life on lockdown:  
In 1982 there was a Lab Scientist that lost his Children to a Virus & swore that the World will lose their own Petals so he injected #COVID19 it into a Bat. He is Blacklister no 19. Demba get the Jet ready to take us to Wuhan, Elizabeth tell Aram to get more information...  …
Somewhat staged but yet a very positive video we all need these days: #Wuhan medical staff take off masks as the last makeshift hospital closes MORE:  #coronavirus 
Corona has taught us all a lesson! From China to America, Italy to Iran, Wuhan to Tehran, Milan to Maujpur and Spain to Japan we are all one irrespective of race, religion, language & ideology. Death is  fear. Science is  hope. Humanity is  thread.
If an old man suffering from dementia incoherently babbling about the Wuhan Virus makes you cry tears of joy... You should see a psychiatrist immediately  …
Worth your time. First study identifies risk factors associated with death in adults hospitalised with new coronavirus disease in Wuhan  … via @medical_xpress
1986: Manchester United appoint Alex Ferguson as manager & Manchester is twinned with the Chinese city of Wuhan... 2020: Wuhan starts the global coronavirus pandemic which threatens to end the season for the 1st time since WW2, 2 games before Liverpool are crowned champions... 
Another  published by @caixin: an excoriating piece by the Wuhan-based blogger Fang Fang about why it is the Communist Party that should be grateful to the people of Wuhan/Hubei, and not the other way around.  
Sheepdog's, Asians attacked by idiots blaming them 4 Wuhan virus. Asians have been assaulted by ppl for being Asian. Asians R using their 2nd ammendment rights by buying guns.Thank God 4 the 2nd ammendment & how it applys to all Americans!  …
China must be made to pay for their delinquent conduct that led to the Wuhan Bat Flu Pandemic. As punishment, they must be forced to Free Tibet and India must take back Aksai Chin. There must be consequences for China's actions.
Sparring? Let's see. There's the truth: that the  are psychopathic liars and their lying caused a world pandemic and every death outside Wuhan is their fault. And then there's America: Trying to contain it and spare their citizens. Sparring.  …
Apollonid avatar looks out from balcony in hidden city middle Atlantic on unlisted small island one day north of St. Helena...to protect from Wuhan miasma, brings healing power to frands 
Some Asians have been attacked by idiots blaming them for the Wuhan virus. They have been assaulted by ppl for being Asian. They are resorting to their 2nd ammendment rights by going out & buying guns. Thank goodness for our 2nd amend. rights.  …
HELLO, WORLD!!!! CAN WE GET ELIZABETH INFECTED ALREADY?! I'M SURE REDDINGTON WILL GO TO WUHAN TO MEET AN OLD FRIEND WHO HAS THE VACCINE THAT CURES THE VIRUS YES, HE DEFINITELY HAS A FRIEND IN WUHAN CALLED "THE VACCINIST"  …
Ive been following this case since january in Wuhan from all social network. I wasn’t there to witness everything, so my opinion could be wrong. The only way to  this virus is to LOCKDOWN everything. Shut down. All. Sekolah, uni, kerja, business. All shut down.  …
China, US spar over origin of #coronavirus. US calls it "Wuhan virus" - Chinese Foreign ministry spokesman says "it might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan"  
The boy who died in Wuhan because his carer was in hospital? That could be us in two weeks.  …
This Chinese propaganda about the origin of the coronavirus is being directly amplified and aided by the U.S. media, which is censoring anyone who notes the Wuhan origin of the coronavirus. Great job, media bros. You're Chinese propaganda now.  …
After the US society donated more than US$200 million materials to China to fight against Wuhan pneumonia virus, China began to fabricate the lie that the virus originated in the US. The Chinese do not yet understand the rules of modern civilization and are not worthy of any kind  …
NON SENSE IT IS NOT LIKE BAT CORONAVIRUS NOR IT CAME FROM WUHAN FISH MARKET !!! CHINESE SCIENTISTS THEMSELVES ARE SAYING IT !  …
Children are rarely affected by SARS-CoV-2, but it does happen and can cause life-threatening illness. see Detection of Covid-19 in Children in Early January 2020 in Wuhan, China | NEJM  …
China's coronavirus center of Wuhan sees single-digit new cases for second day  Follow our live blog for the latest updates on #coronavirus:  
Prepare for a wave of hate crime against Asian Americans. Fox “News” with its WWE-style smack down is pushing the term “Wuhan” virus over “corona virus” & railing against China to give its base red meat. This puts people in danger and they know it. 
Some Ugandan students in Wuhan, China have confirmed to me that they’ve each received $588 (about shs.2.2M) that the government of Uganda sent them as upkeep. #NBSUpdates
But it knows no bounds infecting & or killing anyone...China hid it for 1-2 Mos...made in Wuhan bio lab...so impossible to just infect those THEY want like if meant to target only those protesting in HK ..hence the global spread etc..China must pay for all these sick or dead.
Wait...What? China suspended travel into and out of Wuhan Province on 1/23/2020? But, But, But, That would make Chinese RACISTS !!!!!!  …
Ye where's the other controversial Wuhan niqqa? Was he evacuated oba ensi naye temwemazaamu enaku zino
US officials have angered China by linking the virus with the country, with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo calling it the "Wuhan virus".  …
How can @katierogers write this piece without any mention whatsoever of how the media was using the terms "Wuhan virus" & "Chinese coronavirus" for weeks without any issue, but once a Republican did it suddenly became a problem? Embarrassingly lazy/biased.  …
Raymond: This is my friend Dr Liu who worked as a scientist in Wuhan University hospital 25 years ago. Dr. Liu, Dembe here is under the impression that I don't have any friends
As @khamenei_ir knows, the best biological defense would’ve been to tell the Iranian people the truth about the Wuhan virus when it spread to #Iran from China. Instead, he kept Mahan Air  and going to the epicenter in China, and jailed those who spoke 
If it's Wuhan Virus than it's American Measles. It's only fair.
Just this!! MIT Biologist says Wuhan virus fear mongering is a fraud to manipulate economies  …
Gue terharu lihat ini. Wuhan, jiayou! We can beat this together!  …
Daily Updates of COVID-19 in Mainland China. 80813 confirmed, (existing 13526), 147 suspected, 3176 deaths, 64111 recovered, 678088 traced, 12161 observed. 3 new confirmed outside Wuhan City, imported from other countries (88 imported in total). 5 new in Wuhan. 
My friend Priyank reporting from ITBP camp for @TimesNow - without exception every person, Indian or foreigner, evacuated from Wuhan has praised @narendramodi govt , Indian Embassy in China & Army for its efficient & exceptional service! Yet @RahulGandhi politicises #Corona
And people like @NasimZehra wanted us to be a high risk country by constantly insisting on evacuating the students in Wuhan a month ago. Shame on people pike her who endager other people's lives just for their own rating and propaganda.  …
Once the Wuhan Coronavirus pandemic subsides, the world needs to formulate  mechanism to monitor China. It should be treated at par with nuclear policing - China must provide international agencies access to its disease control mechanisms, else face sanctions.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman tweets claim US military brought coronavirus to Wuhan  …
When China locked down #Wuhan,  were quick to criticize it as "violation of human rights," and questioned its effectiveness. Now, #Italy is locking down the entire country, and Western media are using a different set of narratives.  
Wuhan, Milan, now the US. Seems like there’s a rough pattern of human nature. Large scale social/governmental denial. Then a mix of preparation and denial in populace. Then medical overwhelm of hospitals that drives  with “distancing.” Then the curve flattens.
Great news. All 112 Wuhan evacuees tested negative for #CoronaVirus at ITBP Quarantine Facility, Chhawla. After 14 days Quarantine, all 112 including 36 foreign nationals have been tested negative for #CoronaVirus. They will start leaving the facility from 11 AM onwards today.
If it originated in the US  it's called the Wuhan virus?  …
Chances are that by now you have heard of the coronavirus. Because nobody is talking of anything else. But what are the chances you have heard anyone mention recently that the coronavirus began from Wuhan city in Hubei province of China? 
Beijing official Lijian Zhao peddles conspiracy theory accusing US of bringing virus to Wuhan #CoronaVirus #WuhanFlu Dangerous lies and looney conspiracy theories direct from the CCP. It’s time the world held them to  …
Joe needs to shut up re: how Pres. Trump is handling the Wuhan virus. He wants ALL to forget the failure his admin was re: Swine flu crisis. Millions got the flu before Obama declared an emerg.. Ob. had to apologize for Joe's lies not backed by experts.  …
19/ given the inevitable rapid progression to ETT once resp  begins, we and other hosps, including Wuhan, are doing early intubation. Facemask is fine, but if needing HFNC or NPPV just tube them. will need a tube anyway, & no point risking the aerosols. - no MOSF.
Chinese official pushes conspiracy theory that the US Army introduced #coronavirus to Wuhan 
Most were calling it "the Wuhan virus" before there was another name to call it, when the only thing most people knew about it was where it had first been found. Now it's everywhere and it has an official name. So why are people still emphasizing its origin? Racism. HTH.  …
Tulsi's campaign message should be, "I'm the only remaining candidate who would not die from the Wuhan virus".
I was born in Italy What happened in Italy is that they have about 100,000 workers precisely from the Wuhan area. And some travel back and forth. Italians sold their shoe making facilities to the Chinese and they have relatively lax immigration policies
On Sept 18, 2019, Xinhua reported in preparation 4 the  MilitaryGames, Wuhan Customs held a #coronavirus emergency response drill. Why #Wuhancoronavirus drill? Why not H1NI or SARS drill? Both viruses are more deadly.knew this threat in Sept.   
While top political leaders in many countries are getting infected with Wuhan Coronavirus,  no prominent Chinese leaders have caught the infection? Which special immunity do they have?
Raise your hand if you call the virus from Wuhan, China--the Wuhan virus.
China’s foreign ministry spokesman #ZhaoLijian alleges US army “brought” #coronavirus to China. But Chinese officials in Jan admitted virus originated in Wuhan’s wild animal market through bats. Zhao now risks triggering US theories on bio leak  …
Currently, since the number of infected people in China, except wuhan, nearly drop to 0, the lockdown of most cities start being lifted, and our life gradually  normal. Hope all the people in the world stay safety. Take care!
Joe Biden’s ‘Plan’ for Dealing With Wuhan Virus Was Mostly Plagiarized From the Most Amazing Source  …
Italians in Northern Italy have sold their leather goods and  to China. Italy then allowed 100,000 Chinese workers from Wuhan and Wenzhou to move to Italy to work in these factories, with direct flights between Wuhan and Northern Italy  …
Do you personally know someone who’s contracted the Wuhan Virus & has a verified test (hearing about a celeb doesn’t count)?
ALARMING Influence of COVID-19 on human body is like  of SARS & AIDS It damages both lungs & immune systems Peng Zhiyong Director Intensive Care Unit Zhongnan Hospital Wuhan University in Wuhan To Global Times.  …
Fuck China, they don't get the right to tell us not to name the origin of COVID-19. I'll call it the Wuhan Virus, Chinese Coronavirus, and I'll also call the entities folding to China's demands cowards. China has been the enemy for a long time and it took this virus to see why.
Food delivered to the quarantined via garbage truck... Go Wuhan 
I was going to see if my elderly neighbors needed groceries, but decided instead to read @TheAtlantic on whether it's xenophobic to call the virus from Wuhan the "Wuhan Virus."  …
The CCP thanks you for your service in their propaganda effort to rewrite history of the outbreak that started in Wuhan and was made worse by the CCP's 
WTF House Democrats are pushing legislation to REVERSE Trump's travel ban on Wuhan-stricken areas & let the virus flood America!
CNN blasted for now declaring 'Wuhan virus' as 'racist' after weeks of network's 'China's coronavirus' coverage  …
Hubei had seen no new confirmed COVID-19 cases for eight consecutive days in its 16 cities and prefectures outside Wuhan  
