China’s President Xi was aware of the Coronavirus nearly two weeks before he first spoke publicly about it — and while officials at its epicenter in the city of Wuhan were still playing down its dangers.  …
Funeral home workers across #China are heading to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #COVID19 virus outbreak, to assist the city in dealing with the uptick in related deaths. Some local medical workers have also revealed the true severity of the  …
Farming folk all over #China are donating agricultural products to #Wuhan, helping out food shortages due to the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover.. Coronavirus spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Every  in Wuhan is under "closed-off management" orders. Each family can send one person to buy necessities every 3 days. They must register with an official before leaving. These photos provide a glimpse into a city under quarantine.  
Chinese woman with a create protection suite against the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. The man might be laughing at her now but will he laugh when in a hospital bed caughing his lungs up while she sits ahppily at home in her genius 
I have a friend trapped in Wuhan I get reports from every few days. He told me 3 weeks or so ago that 7 new crematoriums were built outside Wuhan before the new hospitals were built.
"Garbage Incinerator" Sent to #Wuhan( to support the fight with #COVID2019)! This report  ) says. However, the Chinese characters on the square cabin read "Trash and Animal Carcass Processing Cabin", which make me wonder: what else they are 
Hello Everybody! I have a important video that I’m uploading to Twitter that explains what is happening right now in #China right now. I highly advise everybody to download this video immediately to their electronic devices. Just in case if Twitter deletes it. #CoronaVirus #Wuhan 
They Documented the Coronavirus Crisis in Wuhan. Then They Vanished.  …
Once again, official virus case numbers from China show a significant drop Hubei new cases fell from 2420 yesterday to 1843 today Wuhan new cases fell from 1923 yesterday to 1548 today Non-Wuhan Hubei new cases fell from 497 yesterday to 295 today Really? (source: Hubei gov't)
When you have lost everything that you love... there is nothing left to lose. There must be many people in this ongoing hopeless situation in Wuhan!
Wuhan's Hastily-Constructed 1,000-Bed Coronavirus Hospital Is Already Falling Apart | Zero Hedge  …
No need to worry about the Caronavirus - trump says the sun will take care of it in April You know what I trust more than trump? A bunch of coughing and wheezing tourists who just got back from Wuhan. #TrumpLiesEverytimeHeSpeaks
The Wuhan hospital that was built in 5 days is falling apart. 
Hero. Wuhan's cat rescuer: the man saving pets abandoned during coronavirus outbreak – video  …
This is from a cluster that's moved from Singapore to Contamines, France, to Hove, England. We currently only have a genome from this intermediate case. Because of this, we have branch in the phylogeny that extends from Wuhan in early Dec to Contamines on Feb 8. 1/2  
It's snowing in #Wuhan now. Video by an US expat living there who gives regular updates via TikTok, username "prostage". #Coronavirus 
I fell asleep once - and woke up in Wuhan! Shock tale in Sunday's Sunday Sport 
Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack. 
No thanks...most of the country would rather fly to Wuhan, China & walk around without a mask.  …
Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 have contracted the virus, including 1,502 in Wuhan. Six are dead.  …
All of the Canadian passengers and their families who were recently evacuated from Wuhan, China to a military base in Ontario for two weeks of quarantine are currently healthy with none of them exhibiting symptoms of novel coronavirus.  …
Why would #CCP construct 2 hospitals in record time and still convert Wuhan Hongshan stadium? The situation is worse than they would like to admit. 
Your questions on #COVID19 answered: @neil_ferguson @IDorigatti & LucyOkell on the current status of the epidemic, estimated severity in Wuhan, amongst travellers & overall fatality ratio of infections. Watch the full video:  
CORONAVIRUS spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Embassy of Nepal, Beijing: 175 Nepali nationals were airlifted from Wuhan (China) by a charter flight of Nepal Airlines. Four decided to stay back in China whereas six could not board the plane due to medical reasons. #Coronavirus
11 M people in Wuhan. Nearly 50 M in the Provence. Everything flow through Wuhan. Planes trains and riverboats. Many people from out side of the city go there and then head out to the country side. No way CCP can account for these travelers. They are never to be counted.
Lack of quarantine facility detracts student’s repatriation from Wuhan | The Embassy has written a letter to the Ethiopian Students saying they cannot be evacuated & repatriated back to Ethiopia due to lack of capacity to quarantine them once brought home  …
ICYMI - Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan’s P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
One hundred and seventy-five Nepali nationals were airlifted from Wuhan by a charter flight of Nepal Airlines (175 nationals=170 are students, 1 employee, 2 visitors, and 2 children) The flight is successfully landed at TIA at 3:38 AM. #Happy 
Brand New Report Just Out! Nearly 10k Military Personnel From 110 Nations In #Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak! #Coronavirus #COVID19 Please Share Everywhere!  
What's it like to be under quarantine in Wuhan with your valentine? CGTN's Xu Xinchen shares the experience of two couples in Wuhan. #coronavirus  
Where arey??? @amnesty @UNHumanright @AmnestyNow #Wuhan  …
Wuhan's Hastily-Constructed 1,000-Bed Coronavirus Hospital Is Already Falling Apart | Zero Hedge  …
BREAKING: This tweet says that 'patient zero' at Wuhan at the start of the viral outbreak was Huang Yan-Ling, a scientist at the Wuhan Insitute of Virology. Huang's publications via ResearchGate indicate a track record stretching back some years at WIV.. 2/  …
One Wuhan family’s tale of quarantine, followed by infection … and tragedy  …
Anonymous Bites Back is live in a minute with our special guest @TLAVagabond Stream:  … Sharing is caring! #Anonymous #CoronavirusOutbreak #FreeAssange #Wuhan
More than 20,000 healthcare providers across China are in Wuhan fiighting against the coronavirus epidemic. More than 75% are nurses and 90% are women. Nurses deserse the world’s respect and support @SigmaNursing @ICNurses @suilee  …
Meet dad-and-daughter Richard and Chloe Fabic. Richard has gone into self-imposed quarantine at CFB Trenton so he can be with his 15-month-old daughter, who recently came back from Wuhan, China. #cdnpoli #covid19 
Wuhan may be over 6,400 miles from San Francisco, but our love for all fans runs deep 
Every  in Wuhan is under "closed-off management" orders. Families can send one person out to buy necessities once every three days. They must register with an official before leaving. A photojournalist captured what this looks like 
#coronavirus Online screenshots show that the Chinese government have issued internal notifications confirming that β-type pneumonia has appeared in Wuhan, which is mutant II of Wuhan pneumonia Leaked info - Not verified!!!  …β-type-mutant-ii-emerged/
2/15 #CoronavirusOutbreak “I know when I speak up, I am in danger but I can not tolerate any longer! All the residents in  are now in hospitals. And no beds and medicines are available. All the news on CCTV are fake! All Fake! ...I want to speak up for Wuhan people” 
In Wuhan, a hero for the pets left behind  …
#China is underreporting the magnitude of #coronavirus: "There were probably 11,090 to 33,490 infections in Wuhan as of Jan. 22, when China reported 547 cases," one #infectiousdisease specialist says:  … #WuhanChina #publichealth #ChinaCoronaVirus #KAG
“What am I going to do without my dad? The treatment was so delayed！“ wailing of a girl in #Wuhan after her dad passed away due to #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #VIRUS_CORONA #WuhanPneumonia 
#day12 #coronavirus #COVID19 #diamondprincesscruise I can’t sleep, I will not get on a charter w/o knowing the people on board are negative or not! Such high risk to get infected during 4 hours flight home & quarantine together w/people chartered back from Wuhan! I have a child!
Naval University of Engineering in #Wuhan, one of the  military universities of PLA (official info:  ) issued an entry control notice on Jan. 2, 18 days BEFORE the gov. admitted there was an epidemic. English translation here too. 
English translation done for the official notice of Naval University of Engineering in #Wuhan on Jan. 2. 
. @StateDept thanks the private organizations involved in donating needed supplies and evacuating over 800 Americans from #Wuhan last week. Thanks to @Citadel, @projecthopeorg, @SamaritansPurse, @Boeing, @Ch_JesusChrist, @Intermountain, @PhoenixAirGroup, and 
BREAKING: Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists breaks cover Claims it came from laboratory researchers from lab in Wuhan investigating sick bats with CoronaVirus only 260 meters from market where outbreak started.  …
#ICYMI A "hazmat suit wedding dress" and a bouquet of gloves marked the "video call wedding ceremony" of a nurse in Wuhan, at the heart of #coronavirus epidemic, a day before #ValentinesDay 
Wuhan in lockdown 
Smoking Gun? Chinese Scientist Finds "Killer Coronavirus Probably Originated From A Laboratory In Wuhan" | Zero Hedge  …
This video, posted on YouTube by China Science Communication in December 2019 shows scientists from Wuhan Center of Disease Prevention and Control (with labs within 300m of Wuhan's Huanan Seafood Market) collecting bat samples to test for viruses.  …  
As of Friday, China has transported 2,000 tons of frozen #pork reserves to #Wuhan amid epidemic to increase market supply, said Chinese National Development and Reform Commission 
It never rains but it pours, both literally and figuratively. It’s been spreading online that in Wuhan, a snowstorm has damaged a makeshift hospital used to house those infected with #COVID2019. There is nowhere more dire than having to deal with both a disease and the 
Epicenter of #coronavirus outbreak #Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, now a ghost town. This is what life is like living there 
Water leakage at #Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan, built within 10 days (China Speed) to deal with the ever growing population of #COVID19 patients. One of the many scenes in #China during #CoronavirusOutbreak 十天建成的 #火神山医院 漏水了 #武汉肺炎 新冠肺炎 
China's central bank has allocated 4 billion yuan (572 million U.S. dollars) in new banknotes to #Wuhan for #COVID19 epidemic prevention and control units, said People's Bank of China on 
5/6. this transmission, but it is too soon to know this for sure. What we do know for sure is that pangolins don’t belong on markets. Not in Wuhan, not in China, not anywhere. All eight pangolin species are protected under international law. But illegal trade is growing.
 government took care of its military base in Wuhan 18 days before they ever admitted the coronavirus epidemic had begun in Wuhan. The good people of China will be outraged (at least those with VPNs). #WuFlu #Outbreak #coronaviruschina #china  …
The 10days fully constructed hospital in Wuhan,china is collapsing badly. 
Health care workers have long faced a high risk of infection during major outbreaks. In Wuhan, that risk is exacerbated by a shortage of medical resources amid an influx of patients, as well as the government's belated warning of the high infection rate. 
 home! @redcrosscanada supports Canadians returning from Wuhan, China  
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Billboards at New York's Times Square express solidarity with China's Wuhan. #coronavirus 
Two Chinese scientists published a now deleted paper on ResearchGate that we were able to retrieve. It claims #COVID2019 / #nCoV2019 may have originated from accidental Wuhan Center of Disease Control and Prevention leakage due to high risk behavior and bad operational security. 
Chinese construction workers are blockading entire housing blocks, so that nobody can go outside #coronavirus #COVID19 #武汉 #武汉疫情 #Wuhan 
Remember that video I posted a few days ago from that a Chinese city which had its streets deserted of human but full of ravens? Turns out that there are more of these videos... #Wuhan #Coronavirus #COVID19 
Chinese woman said:Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of Chinese gov, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people.This evil has to end, I support independence of #HongKong,Tibet,Uyghurs &others. #China Global Television network is a 
The Wuhan healthcare system collapsed because hospital personnel couldn’t protect themselves. WHILE working for a vaccine and WHILE trying to contain, US should be producing protective gear and test assays on a wartime footing. AND sharing w/the world.   …
Chinese Communist Party Officials = Bandits #coronavirus #wuhan #肺炎 
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
Wang Yi: China is united as one. Wuhan is not fighting #COVID19 
For #Wuhan citizens, do you know how they receive the food after #COVID19 
Chinese FM Wang Yi mouths countless platitudes about Beijing's response to the coronavirus with no hint that it's suppressing independent reporting that contradicts the Party line including the Wuhan doctor who tried to give us early warning but was stopped. 
In shaky mobile phone footage Fang Bin captured unfiltered images from inside Wuhan, the city hit hardest by coronavirus “One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,” he said, counting the corpses inside a minivan parked outside a hospital  …
Face masks have  the enduring image of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak. Some designers and social media influencers are even turning them into a fashion statement Here's why people are buying face masks despite evidence they may not work:  
#China admits it has no idea how many people in Wuhan have been exposed to #coronavirus as officials hunt for patients door to door An expert warned the number of cases could be up to 25 times the official  …
And now for the part they *dont* show you. That hospital they built in record time in Wuhan? Yeah. It’s flooded. #wuhan #china 
Just revealed: Xi already held a Politburo Standing Committee meeting on how to contain the #CoronavirusOutbreak on January 7 (not reported by state media at the time). That was when Wuhan officials were blamed for downplaying the outbreak. 
Multiple newspapers wrongly claimed that satellite images showed high levels of sulphur dioxide in Wuhan, possibly indicating mass burning of bodies due to coronavirus. But they're not satellite images, and they don't show real levels of sulphur dioxide.  …
VIDEO: The power that a little red armband can bring in Chairman Xi’s #China. Communist Party cadres seen here beating and punching villagers.  #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #CCP #PRC #Wuhan
2/ Rule of law, free flow of information, checks & balances  & give way to Xi’s Chinese Dream. The Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak precisely explain this argument. HK, given its proximity to mainland China, is highly prone to infection and spread of disease. 
The Corona virus might be contained before September 2020. You stand a good chance of getting the scholarship since few people want to study in Wuhan, China. Get the scholarship first, then decide whether or not to study in China when   …
Chinese military medics have taken over another hospital treating #coronavirus patients in Wuhan 
A medical team from NW China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region turned a corner in the lobby of a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan into a dancing hall. The video has gone viral on Chinese social media. CGTN's Zhou Jiaxin has more.  
200215 FOURTRY Weibo update To help Wuhan fight against the virus , FOURTRY has purchased 10000 face masks and donated them to  in Huanggang,Wuhan. Fighting Wuhan! Fighting China! #KrisWu 
the 7days bulit propaganda hospital in #wuhan shows its true color now. after all its Made in Chian by Chinese Gov #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus 
UPDATE: Coronavirus has claimed the life of another health care worker in China. A 59-year-old nurse has died, according to Wuhan Wuchang Hospital.  …
She says: #Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of #Chinese government, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people. This evil has to be end, I support separation of #HK, #Tibet, #Uyghurs & others, it’s not separation, it is 
The prevention and control of the #cornavirus outbreak is currently at its most crucial stage in China and Wuhan remains the main battlefield, says a senior Chinese official 
It’s snowing in #Wuhan. Outside my window, a man was smoking his cigarette and gazing out from indoors; a young lady has been her at her desk all afternoon; an older woman sat knitting. All waiting for the weather to clear, all waiting for the outbreak to pass. 
2 Chinese video bloggers posted heartbreaking images from Wuhan. Now, both of them have gone missing. 
Japanese LDP members describe new type pneumonia as "Wuhan fever" This is a statement of hatred. This statement is hate. You should withdraw your remarks and apologize. #Wuhanfever 
@ForeignOfficePk has established hotline to facilitate parents/guardians of Pakistani students  members effected by Coronavirus in Wuhan. Syed Qalb-e-Abbas Dy Director (China-II) +92-51-9223643 (9am to 5pm) 0321-5810471 (WhatsApp) Email: qalabi.shah@gmail.com 1/2
Arthur, you don’t have to be utterly oblivious sometimes. The Chinese students that returned were those outside the epicenter- Wuhan. Students inside Wuhan aren’t permitted to leave because the government said its better to have them there.  …
They Documented the Coronavirus Crisis in Wuhan. Then They Vanished. - The New York Times  …
From the frontlines to the lines on their faces from wearing masks and goggles, Chinese nurses are right there taking care of patients in Wuhan.  …
Braveheart @airindiain crew rescues stranded Indians from #Wuhan @pGurus1 @Swamy39 @ExSecular @MrsGandhi @mssirsa 
I’m not saying stop containment efforts. FFS. I’m saying Indonesia and Africa should stop pretending that COVID19 isn’t already entrenched. I’m saying to prepare healthcare personnel NOW to avoid a Wuhan disaster, instead of playing narrative games. THE US SHOULD DO THIS, TOO.
Spray them with some modified Wuhan material and be done with it  …
"We can only get one break during the entire day," one doctor in Wuhan said. "Just one, to drink water and eat. Because if you leave, you don’t have any new suits to get back into." 
This is sweet....My ex-wife got me Chocolate covered bats from Wuhan China for Valentines Day.....How thoughtful
Wuhan evacuees throw face masks in the air to celebrate end of 14-day quarantine  
An unusually brutal reshuffle saw the officials who run Hubei and Wuhan dismissed 
“Support Wuhan, Turkey is with you!” A short video released by the Turkish Students Association TÖB went viral online. The video captures people rallying their support from symbolic places across China and Turkey. #Turkey #China 
Advanced near-infrared scanners that can quickly locate veins serve patients in virus-hit Wuhan  
DC to Wuhan. The usual.  …
Latest on the coronavirus: - 67,000 cases confirmed worldwide, death toll at 1,526 - Wuhan residents are facing further lockdown. Now they'll be confined to their neighborhoods - Egypt reported its first case, the first confirmed in Africa 
More than 20 recovered patients have volunteered in Wuhan to donate blood for plasma products, currently believed to be the most effective therapy for seriously ill #COVID19 
Funeral homes in China's Wuhan 'working 24/7 to cremate bodies'  …
BREAKING: People in Wuhan, China have been banned from leaving their homes
WUHAN TIGHTENS LOCKDOWN - ALL PEOPLE NOW BANNED FROM LEAVING THEIR HOMES (h/t @TheEvanMcLean)
Doctors and nurses in Wuhan fighting against coronavirus. Real heroes！Faces covered with masks and goggles for too long 
A "hazmat suit wedding dress" and a bouquet of gloves marked the "video call wedding ceremony" of a nurse in Wuhan, at the heart of #coronavirus epidemic, a day before #ValentinesDay 
China’s mishandling of the #coronavirus is now provoking questions abroad about  of its rulers and the reliability of whatever information they release. #FreeHongKong #Wuhan #IWfp 
WHO: We shouldn't call it "Wuhan coronavirus" because this might encourage bias and prejudice Joe Blow American: Wait, what's Wuhan, I thought the virus came from China
BREAKING NEWS!!! President Trump appoints new ambassador to Wuhan, China. Congratulations, fuckstick. 
As of Feb. 14, a total of 217 medical teams (military medical teams excluded) with 25,633 medical staff and three mobile P3 laboratories have been sent to #Hubei, among them 181 teams and 20,374 medics are working in #Wuhan, said an official from the National Health Commission 
Daily Digest 2/13 – Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier, Alibaba CEO warns coronavirus is a ‘black swan’  
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
Two video bloggers who documented coronavirus crisis in Wuhan have gone missing. Their videos showed fear, grief & dissatisfaction with government. Across China, at least 350 have been punished for ‘spreading rumors’. #ChenQiushi #FangBin  …
Shanghai is officially on total lockdown, like Wuhan. 
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
LIVE:  #coronavirus: Many healthcare workers won't go home for weeks, so they don't infect their families. In Wuhan, they're in “a true hell on earth. They’ve gone into Dante’s Inferno," says @Laurie_Garrett, who has been in over 30 outbreaks on 
Terrifying map reveals how thousands of Wuhan travellers could have spread coronavirus to 400 cities worldwide as global death toll tops 1,000  …
Masks are so scarce in Wuhan that doctors and nurses are using tape to patch them up. Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 infected, 6 dead. w @chubailiang 
Wuhan University is offering a fully funded scholarship to attract outstanding international students for Masters and PhD studies in China. Other benefits are included. Application is FREE. Nigerians are eligible. Apply before March 31st 2020.  …
Wuhan nurse learns of mother's death, bows 3 times, cries, & goes back to work immediately. Big respect to all the medical workers, doctors and nurses! 
Wuhan doctor quarantines herself from family, husband lights her way to work each night  …
RECODE: Implies it's paranoid to cancel Lunar New Year to prevent contagion CONTEXT: Wuhan: wanted to cancel events New York: canceled events Miami: canceled events If Wuhan, NYC, Miami all wanted to cancel events…shouldn’t SF have done so out of abundance of caution? 
The article contains many statements that are false or omit so much context they mislead readers. Let's go claim by claim. RECODE: "cases...have been contained to those who have recently traveled to Wuhan and their direct family members" FACT CHECK: False, according to CDC/WHO 
#Coronavirus: MSF is sending 3.5 metric tons of medical protective equipment to Wuhan Jinyintan hospital—one of the hospitals on the forefront of treating patients with COVID-19. 
The Coronavirus Cat Rescuer of Wuhan More than 30,000 pets have been left stranded in Wuhan following the coronavirus outbreak. This is Ye Jialin's story of how he is helping the #cats of those who are currently not allowed to return home. CLICK to watch >  
Just y'all wait - if you thought Wuhan was bad, you're gonna be shocked when the coronavirus gets a foothold in Africa or India - both unprepared with horrible sanitation and health infrastructure. Oops.
Cell phones on the floor of funeral home in Wuhan; their owners, infected with coronavirus, were cremated immediately after they died. 
Chinese experts said that there may be a surge on #COVID19 confirmed recently as more cities outside #Wuhan in Hubei include clinically diagnosed cases and medical staff may face more pressure.  
WUHAN 400 Biological Warfare Viral Strain Debuted in Novel THE EYES OF DARKNESS by Dean Koontz 1981 ... Strange, no??  …
CHINESE & VIETNAMESE citizens arrested illegally entering the USA through southern border. @TomCottonAR We need our military deployed to the border! Anyone sick will want to get into the USA for best medical care. #Coronavius #CoronavirusOutbreak #pandemic #china #wuhan 
This is a Special Bio-containment flight. The @ItalianAirForce is bringing back the 17 years old student stuck in #Wuhan because he developed fever and could not be repatriated because of #coronavirus travel/safety restrictions. Details here:   …
"A lot of people have maybe not even heard of Wuhan, and because the virus originated there, they have this conception that it’s a dirty, backwater place. But Wuhan is awesome ... It’s an important city; it’s not nowhere."  …
Chris told me that Wuhan is key to China's punk scene. "One venue, Vox Livehouse, is one of the coolest that I’ve been to in the country, and downstairs is this dive bar called Wuhan Prison that someone like Anthony Bourdain would have loved."  …
The quarantine confinement in #Wuhan #China for the #coronavirus ... will he have got the parents to play with their 
#China Official document issued on 2 Jan 2020: The PLA Naval University of Engineering in #Wuhan imposed strict infection control measures due to a "novel pneumonia outbreak" 3 Jan: 8 people were arrested in Wuhan for "spreading rumors" 15 Jan: Phase 1 Trade Deal signed in US.  
Our volunteers share from #CFBTrenton: “A father who was traveling with his wife and child told me that as soon as they saw the Red Cross waiting inside, he felt all his anxiety fall away.” How we’re helping Canadians returning from  
A #Wuhan resident reported to his street management center that his father was diagnosed with #coronavirus, but was not accepted by the hospital. "Do you know how many patients has been diagnosed...There’s even a 35-week pregnant woman who's been diagnosed," the director 
UPDATE: Wuhan has tightened its quarantine on its citizens. Residents of the Chinese city where the outbreak is centered must now stay home, except to provide key city service or receive care 
WUHAN: RESIDENTS MUST STAY HOME EXCEPT FOR CARE, KEY SERVICES 
#Gravitas | The Wuhan coronavirus has triggered a new crisis for China. Over 1700 medics who were treating the patients, are now themselves infected. @palkisu brings you the latest 
Dangers on the frontline in Wuhan: supplies are so scarce that doctors are begging for masks and using plastic bags as shoe coverings. 1,716 medical workers have already been infected in China so far. 6 have died.  …
WUHAN FURTHER TIGHTENS QUARANTINE FOR RESIDENTS, CITY SAYS
2) There could be a higher degree of superspreading than has been appreciated ("dispersion in R0") which could mean that many locations outside Wuhan could "get lucky" and escape major onward transmission.  … .
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
We value accurate reporting so we removed the video of armed Chinese police entering a residential neighborhood because of some unrelated footage it contained. The local churches in #Wuhan value our reporting and asked us to call for #Prayer! Thank you for sharing this!
Eyes On - THIS is a known farm bird folks and is the same charter service we have seen at GTMO. Michigan-based airline Kalitta aids in Wuhan coronavirus evacuation  …
A virus called Wuhan-400 makes people terribly ill … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events? The Eyes of Darkness features a Chinese military lab in Wuhan that creates a virus as a bioweapon  …
If we can’t name it as Wuhan Virus, here is my understanding on COVID-19: C hina O riginated V irus I n D ecember 19
1st 2 Chinese people/ #coronaviruschina victim families. 's drop dead virus coverup has already killed more Chinese people (1,383) than the 2002-2003 #SARS epidemic (813). But no1 believesofficial death toll. Those cell phones are from 1 Wuhan crematory. Ultimately 2 God (天).  
Taking care of a newborn baby, whose mother is a confirmed #COVID19 patient, inside quarantine ward in #Wuhan is quite a challenge. It melts our heart to see this 25-year-old nurse gently touching and soothing the little crying baby! 
Coronavirus fight: A one-year-old boy in Wuhan has been cured after suffering severe symptoms. 
Being loved gives you strength, loving someone gives you courage. For medical workers in Wuhan who are separated from their loved ones due to the #coronavirus outbreak, this is a special Valentine's Day and they are sending their love through our cameras. Wuhan, fighting! 
Medical staff in Wuhan showing off the supplies they received from Xiaozhan’s donation, pressurized ventilation helmets! Now they can work more effectively without being stuffy and fogged up. 
There’s a crazy storm in Wuhan. Never seen lightning like this before  – at Wuhan (武汉市)
"Xi also stressed the importance to roll out a biosecurity law as soon as possible." @HuXijin_GT ofGlobal Times is reporting this. Why would Emperor Corona want 2 roll out a biosecurity law ASAP if #coronaviruschina was NOT leaked from Wuhan P4 bioweapon lab? To appease&?  …
She only came to share her testimony, “Praise The Lord,... last week l came back from Wuhan in China... The Church didn’t wait to hear the rest of the testimony.... 
Situation in Wuhan seems more serious than we thought: more than 100,000 hospital beds are required by the 20th. 
A Dr from Wuhan Hanyang Hospital “My husband showed off the equipment in their hospital! Positive pressure respirator mask!I am jealous! It’s XiaoZhan studio’s donation! My fav XiaoZhan Didi! He is not only handsome but also with a kind heart!Ty for support for medical staff!”  
Video shows a patient recovered from #COVID19 donates plasma in #Wuhan. The antibodies found in the plasma of some cured patients are believed to be "the most effective method reducing the mortality of critically ill patients": experts said. 
Reuters: There were no doctors, nurses or equipment at the Wuhan hotel-turned-temporary quarantine facility for suspected coronavirus patients when brothers Wang Xiangkai and Wang Xiangyou arrived two weeks ago. The next day, Xiangkai, 61, woke to find that Xiangyou, 62, died.
China 'appoints its top military bio-warfare expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan', 
for Valentine’s Day please send some of your love to the people of Wuhan including my grandparents who are 92 (grandmother) & 93 (grandfather). it’s been very hard. but they’re OK & staying positive. #coronavirus #wuhan 
This is what it's like to catch the coronavirus. This 21-year-old student in Wuhan who was diagnosed with the virus shares his journey. Full story on @business  
NEW #COVID19 content: Based on first-hand experience in dealing with the present outbreak in Wuhan, Jinnong Zhang et al have established the following clinical strategies in adult fever clinics @LancetRespirMed  
Health care workers have long faced a high risk of infection during major outbreaks. In Wuhan, that risk is exacerbated by a shortage of medical resources amid an influx of patients, as well as the government's belated warning of the high infection rate. 
A 2nd citizen journalist in China reporting on the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has stopped posting on social media and answering his calls. Activists say he has disappeared 
My team and I took a trip down to Wuhan Noodle 1950 to try their fabulous hot dry noodles! Amazing restaurant with wonderful staff! Proud to support this business which has recently faced senseless discrimination. You have our unwavering support. Please go show your support too! 
I met a group of medics who came to #wuhan to help. They are getting ready to meet news patients in this makeshift hospital. They are true brave heroes. #COVID19 
The coronavirus has killed almost 1,400 people in China. 6 medical workers are among the dead, and 1,700+ are infected — raising worry over risks facing them as Wuhan hospitals deal with shortages of medical supplies. 
#ChenQiushi closely followed the #CoronaVirus in #Wuhan until he was reportedly quarantined, despite showing no symptoms. The #CCP's secrets of #Censorship will  to the surface. #Communism never 
The CCP demonized Uyghurs, mass detention, wide spread discrimination against #Uyghurs normalized. It happened to #Tibet & #HongKong, people kept in silence. #coronavirus swallowing entire #China, CCP starts to demonizing #Wuhan, we can’t keep in silence anymore, time to end CCP! 
If I were in China ,I wd b very reluctant to volunteer 2 Wuhan.Wd have invented some excuse. Salute 1000s of med workers in China today. Believe me, this is worse than a nuclear meltdown. No amount of respect wd b enough to these warriors.I am in awe and respect.And tears too.
Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus 
NEW Picture Quiz—First case of #COVID19 in Canada: A 56 y-o man presented to our ED in Toronto with fever & non-productive cough. 1 day before he'd returned from Wuhan, China. His O2 was 97% & he was generally well. What is the most inappropriate action?  
Extract from the book "The Eyes of Darkness" published in 1996... 'Wuhan-400' 'Perfect bio-weapon' #coincidence 
#coronavirus Chinese billionaire in exile Guo Wengui, citing information leaked by #Wuhan , estimates in 1.5 million infected Chinese and around 50,000 deceased and crematory ovens operating 24h / 24h.  …
Well-equipped 3D-printed houses were put into use for quarantined patients in a hospital in Xianning, a city neighboring Wuhan. 
The story behind the Chinese research scientist and her connections to the level 4 lab in Wuhan where research on bioweapons continues! Her expulsion from a Canadian lab! Is the outbreak intentional?  …
This is Manuel Vela, a football coach who works at Wuhan Three Towns FC He lives in the ground zero of the coronavirus but seems to have his priorities straight Jokes aside, from #RealBetis we want to send our solidarity to the people affected by this terrible virus 
For a few weeks, some of the most distinctive voices out of Wuhan came from two video bloggers, Chen Qiushi and Fang Bin, who shared on-the-ground footage of pain, grief and terror caused by the coronavirus. Now, they're both missing.  …
China 'appoints military bio weapon expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan' 
2 video bloggers recorded dozens of videos from Wuhan, streaming unfiltered and often heartbreaking images from the center of the coronavirus outbreak. Long lines outside hospitals. Feeble patients. Agonized relatives. Now, they've gone silent. 
A real time photo from David Ng’s friend in #Wuhan. Only 7 families have their lights on in a 30 level building; whilst usually every window was on. The friend’s own building has only 5 families’ lights on. How many have gone? You do your own math. #COVID19  …
Coronavirus: FG has abandoned us, Nigerians in Wuhan cry out 
“Coughing like I was going to die.” Here’s what it’s like to survive the coronavirus in Wuhan 
This Wuhan University Scholarship is a big opportunity for those who are wise: 1.  pool will be lighter because many will see Wuhan and bail. 2. It doesn’t make it easier for you but your chances are higher. 3. The virus will likely be contained before you depart  …
"How India quietly planned the evacuation of 600 Indian students from Wuhan" The evacuation of 647 Indians from Hubei, the province worst-hit by the new coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) outbreak, was  exercise.  …
Apart from the lack of protective gear, medical workers in Wuhan also face a crushing workload. Cross-infections among hospital staff are thought to have taken place in tea rooms and meeting areas, after long, grueling shifts, a respiratory expert says 
Coronavirus: Why have two reporters in Wuhan disappeared?  …
BJP MP Harnath Singh Yadav had written a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting rescue of 20 Indian citizens from Wuhan (China). PM has taken note of the letter and assured that they will arrive in India soon. #CoronaVirus
A 2nd citizen journalist in China reporting on the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has stopped posting on social media and answering his calls. Activists say he has "disappeared." I u have "disappeared" in China with CCTV everywhere u r probably dead. What are your thoughts? 
Health care workers have long faced a high risk of infection during major outbreaks. In Wuhan, that risk is exacerbated by a shortage of medical resources amid an influx of patients, as well as the government's belated warning of the high infection rate. 
[BRIGHT DATA] during virus outbreak, many stars have contributed to public prevention of virus. Among them, post 95line young artist Wang Yibo did multiple donations thro varies channels in support of Wuhan, his fans following his step donated more than 2million rmb ( 300K usd) 
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
When I was 16, and the Chernobyl reactor blew up, my grandfather didn’t want me to leave: he was more afraid of the wrath of the state than of radiation. My @WSJ essay on the cost of lies and fear, in Wuhan and in Soviet Ukraine.  …
Niuniu, a one-year-old boy, was China's first confirmed case of critically severe #COVID19 in children. After 18 days of treatment in Wuhan's hospital, Niuniu has recovered and discharged from the hospital on February 13. 
Over the last few weeks I've seen so much in Chinese media about the efforts of locals in Wuhan who have stepped up at great personal risk to help during the epidemic -- this is a small attempt to document that  …
Chen Qiushi is a citizen journalist who defied the Communist Party's monopoly on information by covering the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He has since disappeared. 
Wuhan University Scholarship 2020 in China (Fully Funded)  … via @YOpportunities
#UPDATE China #coronavirus death toll nears 1,400, six health workers among the victims  Medical staff leave Nanchang to serve in the virus epicentre Wuhan while others prepare emergency facilities in Hebei province 
"In summary, somebody was entangled with the evolution of 2019-nCoV coronavirus. In addition to origins of natural  and intermediate host, the killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.” - CCP sponsored scientists  …
on the day day up live they talked about the makeshift hospital construction in wuhan and one of excavators was brought up bc it’s been nicknamed Lan Wangji. AND wyb said he (as lan wangji) can run the Lan Wangji. 
Facing the coronavirus outbreak, Sina, an Iranian barista of the Wakanda café in Wuhan, decided to stay in Wuhan, offering doctors and nurses 500 cups of free coffee every day. "China is my second homeland" he said. 
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” This citizen journalist was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More @business:  
Just another day at the office in #China. The number of #Wuhan #Coronavirus has risen to over 65 000 and more than 1320 deaths. The number of cases on the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship has increased with 44 to 218. #COVID19 
Today is #ValentinesDay , but instead of enjoying chocolates and roses, many of our brave medical workers parted from their loved ones to fight against the #coronavirus in Wuhan. These pictures capture some of their tender goodbyes. 
This is a MAJOR milestone if true Various Wuhan hospitals have treated ppl in critical condition successfully by injecting plasma from who have recovered from #COVID19 with neutralizing antibodies Now they are calling for blood donation from recovered ones in all 
Two citizen journalists who posted videos on Wuhan virus have disappeared — I remember sharing one of his videos of corpses loaded in a van. Hope he is safe and found soon.  …
Do simple math. Look how fast it’s spread on that cruise ship docked in Yokohama. Now imagine Wuhan has 11+ million in population. By the time they alerted the country of the virus. 5+ million had left the area. SMH! You really think only 60,000 are infected? SCARY AF!!!
The campaign, first announced last week in the city of Wuhan, already has been marred by chaotic conditions that have isolated vulnerable patients without adequate care and, in some cases, left them alone to die 
In Wuhan, two good reporters have vanished. The Chinese Communist Party is a real and present danger to the public health of the world.  …
Thanks to open data sharing by the National Public Health Laboratory, Nepal, and the University of Hong Kong, we've updated  with a #nCoV2019 / #COVID19 virus collected from Kathmandu on Jan 13. It appears to be another direct export from Wuhan. 
Coronavirus: Why have two reporters in Wuhan disappeared?  …
This includes 1,102 health care workers in Wuhan  …
@AmbCuiTiankai to didn't deny #coronavirus could have started in Wuhan P4 bioweapon lab. That explains whystill won't allowCDC team to visit Wuhan & to help. "China will have to be held accountable for how coronavirus started": Navarro 
Wuhan evacuation flights: PM @narendramodi appreciates Air India, health ministry officials  … via NaMo 
A Chinese Christian approached me tonight and told me that Wuhan, and Hebei province, was where the Chinese government first began destroying churches and crosses, and replacing them with Chinese flags. Might be something to it:  …
Seemingly providing more anecdotal evidence that the virus outbreak was caused by an accidental leak of a bio-engineered virus & not a freak of nature in Wuhan's market, China's government issued a serious "Wartime Order" demanding more care & containment be of virus handling.
The final anecdote in this gripping report by @amyyqin on the roundup of people suspected of infections in Wuhan and two other cities is just devastating  …
"We are not in this situation because of the illness. It's because of the system and mechanisms." This family is living under 1 roof despite a member having the #coronavirus. There isn’t enough room for all the sick in hospitals in Wuhan, China 
He's in quarantine in Wuhan, getting sicker. Guards won't let him leave. “Send me to a hospital, please, I need treatment,“ Deng Chao, 30, told the @nytimes, in between bouts of coughing. “There is no one to take care of us here.”  … #coronavirus
Anonymous Bites Back is live with episode 193. Subjects: #FreeAssange #Infiltrators #CoronaVirus #Wuhan Stream:  #Anonymous #AnonymousBitesBack
A nurse from the Wuhan Central Hospital said on Weibo, China’s Twitter-like platform, that around 150 colleagues at her hospital have been confirmed or suspected to be infected — including herself 
Health care workers have long faced a high risk of infection during major outbreaks. In Wuhan, that risk is exacerbated by a shortage of medical resources amid an influx of patients, as well as the government's belated warning of the high infection rate. 
I read too much information from Wuhan folks for help. This is the most heartbreaking. All eight families are infected. Now the 11- month baby is also infected and can not be hospitalized.The whole family is on the brink of despair. Please help them and save this baby  …
2020 KIM JAE JOONG ASIA TOUR IN KUALA LUMPUR concert on 14 March 2020 at Malawati Indoor Stadium has been now postponed by Force Major due to the outbreak of Corona Virus from Wuhan.
Five more #COVID19 cases in Japan: "None of the five cases [...] had any record of recent overseas travel at all, let alone to Wuhan." Reports like this make me doubt that containment of #SARSCoV2 is  …
Shri ⁦ @narendramodi⁩ ji, only ⁦ @airindiain⁩ could do this and also air lifting of 100K ppl in gulf war. Please do save Air India. “PM Modi Praises Air India, Health Ministry Officials For Evacuating Stranded Indians From Coronavirus-Hit Wuhan”  …
—Officials in Beijing expanded their mass roundup of sick or possibly infected people beyond Wuhan —The number of cases in Hubei jumped again with the use of new diagnostic methods —Japan confirmed its first death from the virus Latest updates: 
#Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital discharges first #COVID19 
Coronavirus Wuhan diary: 'He got a hospital bed three hours before he died' 
Such terrible conditions in one Wuhan hospital where dozens of medical staff got infected in January with #SARSCoV2 (that causes  …
TV channels are scrolling that Namo is praising Air India for its courageous and efficient operations to ferry out Indians from Wuhan. “Well, Prime Minister it is then time for you to direct MoCA to drop all attempts to sell off Air India”—If you mean what you have said.
Dear Pro-Vaxxers, now is your chance to step up and disprove all anti-vaccine myths: 1. Volunteer to take the fast tracked Coronavirus vaccine with limited safety trials and 2. Book a ticket to Wuhan, China and disprove us once and for all that vaccines do work as advertised.
Coronavirus: Inside story of Air India's daring Wuhan evacuation! Here's how crew conquered fear - The Financial Express  …
33 Sri Lankan Wuhan students to return home today from Diyathalawa quarantine facility #Corona  …
Singer-songwriter @JustinBieber has recorded a video to cheer for #China and donated 200,000 yuan ($28,660) to #Wuhan, the major battleground for the novel #coronavirus outbreak. His generosity has been praised by Chinese fans online. @JustinBieberFan 
I’m Sending Pelosi Chocolates for Valentines day tomrrow They have a great sale from Wuhan China...Free Shipping
Good news! A therapy for the novel #coronavirus that involves the plasma of recovered patients has started to show effects, according to Zhang Dingyu, president of Jinyintan Hospital in #Wuhan, a major battleground for the outbreak. #COVID19 #China  
Alarming story about the largest mental hospital in Hubei province, where over 50 patients and 30 staff have tested positive for #coronavirus. Stellar reporting from @leeyonion, despite a nagging feeling that Wuhan would prefer to keep a tight lid on this  …
News Analysis #China, as the 5th worst polluted nation in the world and #Wuhan as its 4th most polluted city, appears to be more susceptible to the #Coronavirus because air pollution increases rates of respiratory infections, according to various  …
In Wuhan some people have forgotten their flu shot We are from the government and we are here to help. 
1st person I shrugged. 2nd, I made a mental note. This is the 3rd different person I've seen today, not to mention the Wuhan evacuees, that claim they are having #COVID19 symptoms but are being denied #CoronaVirus testing. Here the U.S CDC says they don't meet travel criteria. 
China admits it has no idea how many people in Wuhan have been exposed to coronavirus 
Recently, there have been videos online showing patients and medical staff doing square dancing inside makeshift hospitals for those with mild #coronavirus symptoms, stirring a social media reaction. A CCTV reporter visits one hospital in #Wuhan for a closer look. 
This is a fake  from various snippets of post-Wuhan China and gun shots added Notice no one in the video responds to the sounds of nearby gunfire  …
In Wuhan, 88 deaths on *Friday only*. If anyone tells me that this is like a normal flu, I will seriously consider your capability  apples and oranges.  …
Coronavirus: Why have two reporters in Wuhan disappeared? 
WTF NEWS: 2.5 Million Chinese infected with the Coronavirus? Exiled Chinese businessman Guo Wengui recently revealed leaks from Wuhan crematoriums. He claims based on the number of bodies their furnaces are burning, the death toll could be over 50,000.  …
"How could he suddenly be gone?” asked the son of a man who died in isolation at a converted hotel. So many heartbreaking stories  out of Wuhan, where China is expanding an all-out effort to round up anyone suspected of having the coronavirus 
An oncological hospital in #Wuhan was designated as a hospital for taking in suspected patients of #COVID19 with feverish symptoms. A terminal stomach cancer patient, HK’s family and 15 other terminal cancer patients were forced to leave the 
People are dying in Wuhan. I think we have bigger issues in the world then hair. Everyone is offended these days.
On The Daily today: the fear and fury in China over the coronavirus. Families in Wuhan have been devastated. The death of a whistleblower doctor has ppl talking about freedom of speech. And how the govt is responding to the outpouring of public anger.  …
And 6 weeks ago we didn’t know what was causing a cluster of infection in Wuhan and four weeks ago we didn’t have a validated rt-pcr; this week there are 8 labs able to test across the UK; next week more rollout. Impressive @PHE_uk  …
It's disgraceful that the  have faced increased racism and over 50% business losses since the coronavirus outbreak.  to Chinatown here in Manchester, a city that has been twinned with Wuhan for 33 years. We stand in solidarity with the  
'We're free': Wuhan evacuees celebrate leaving UK quarantine  …
#China’s National Health Commission reports that nearly half a million Chinese citizens have had close contact with individuals with confirmed diagnoses of the novel #coronavirus that originated in #Wuhan.
“Big Bear” runs a Wuhan hot dry noodle stall in Queens, New York. His shop, Heat Noodles, is one of many Chinese-American businesses hit by coronavirus fears 
This Valentine's Day, love in a time of #coronavirus- Wuhan doctor on the frontline quarantines herself from family. Her husband drives behind her every night as she starts her shift, lighting her way to the hospital, and leaves a home-cooked meal for her.  …
The fictional novel tells the story of a Chinese military lab that creates a new virus to potentially use as a biological weapon during wartime. The lab is ironically located in Wuhan, China and the made-up virus is called Wuhan-400.  …
Yesterday China did a true-up of 14,840 new coronavirus cases inside Hubei province. What they didn't mention right away is that 13,463 (90.7%) of these new cases were just for Wuhan City. We're still not getting real numbers, not even for Hubei.
"Soviet insistence on going through w/Kyiv’s May Day parade after Chernobyl, forcing tens of thousands of children to march through radioactive dust, was echoed in decision by Chinese authorities to hold Lunar New Year potluck in Wuhan sharing dishes prepared by 40K families."
If there are still 100 vulnerable Australians stranded in Wuhan at risk of Coronavirus why isn’t the government planning a third evacuation flight?
On Feb 12, the number of COVID-19 cases in China went up by over 15,000 nationwide, and understanding why will help you get a grasp on how China is battling this disease. #coronavirus #wuhan 
#China bombing #Wuhan power grids in attempts to prevent truth on #coronavirus escaping into the internet #breakingnews #news #LosAngeles #newyorkcity #newyork #nyc #manhattan #nypd #fdny #timessquare #chinatown #cdc 
Bizarre. In original 1981 edition it was a Russian bioweapon named Gorki-400. After the cold war ended it was changed to Wuhan-400 for The 1996 edition. A virus called Wuhan-400 causes outbreak … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981.  … lähteestä @scmpnews
Coincidence or bizarre truth? Dean Koontz wrote The Eyes Of Darkness in 1981. He penned this book about China’s creation of the Coronavirus to be used as a biological and the Lab is in...Wuhan! Dean Koontz predicted coronavirus in bizarre coincidence  …
Foreigners trapped in Wuhan are living in 'total terror' over fears they will be infected with coronavirus and  with locals for rationed food 
A patient celebrated his 80th birthday with medical staff at Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan City 
hazmat suits in San Diego, California #NCOV19 #coronavirus #California #China #Wuhan #news 
Using mobile phone data to track where 5 million Wuhan residents traveled to during Chinese Lunar New Year. (HT ⁦Dr. Cosmo J. Mielke @subC0smos⁩) “Coronavirus: New data reveals no country safe from  …
Dr. Lin: Situation in #Wuhan is much worse than the public knows #CCP has been concealing, covering up information going back to December. #CoronavirusOutbreak is out of control.  
Good chart on Wuhan vs Diamond Princess cases from @ScottGottliebMD - he’s another good follow on info for  …
Is it true that wearing face masks is useless in preventing the contraction of the Wuhan flu virus because the virus is smaller than the filter in the mask? Short answer: Yes (Ukuran Virus Corona 0,125 mikron), filter masker yg dijual cuma 0,3 mikron maksimum
This is cumulate growth in #COVID19 cases on Diamond Princess post forced quarantine vs. cumulative growth in Hubei cases from time zero of Wuhan’s forced quarantine Jan 23. It’s a crude graphic we created, so interpret very cautiously, but gives some insight into relative spread 
Chinese discrimination against Africans: Children toghut by Chinese to say in Mandarin :(我是黑鬼，智商地） “I am black monster.I have a low IQ.” Chinese been doing worser to Uighurs and Tibetans.  are most racist on the planet . #wuhan #virus #china 
The Chinese Military apparently has close ties with the Wuhan Institute of Virology, near the epicenter of #coronavirus. A PLA training manual, published May 2018, highlighted the lab in a section on military-civil 
China is expanding its mass roundup of sick or possibly infected people beyond Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak. It's part of a “wartime” campaign to contain the virus. Follow live updates. 
China's Y-20 airlifters make crisis debut bringing medics and cargo to virus-plagued Wuhan:  …
CORONAVIRUS: Professor Neil Ferguson states on the COVID-19 Outbreak “We’re at the eary stages of a global pandemic” (BBC News) #covid19 #coronavirus #coronavirusoutbreak #Corona #China #ChinaVirus #Wuhan 
U.S. Centers for Disease Control confirmed Thur the country's 15th person infected with novel #coronavirus. Currently quarantined in Texas, the patient was among those evacuated from #Wuhan on a chartered flight that returned on Feb 7. 
Medical staff in Wuhan are cutting their hair short to reduce the risk of carrying pathogens when treating coronavirus patients  
Tomorrow is Mother’s Birthday and also Valentines day and I choose not to let the Gov’t of Uganda ruin it for me. I appreciate everyone that’s stood with the Ugandans in Wuhan in this fight...stay blessed
Sending my love to the Ugandans in Wuhan... I'm so sorry the Ugandan government has failed you. Can't begin to imagine how you all feel.
"Mom, so many dead bodies…" #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #Wuhantruth #ChinaVirus 
Breaking - The US CDC reported the 15th case in the country. The patient is an American who evacuated from #Wuhan and has been hospitalized. The US CDC predicts that there could be more cases in  days or weeks. Over 600 Americans evacuated from Wuhan. 
LIVE FROM HONG KONG:Coronovirus is Killing People and Commerce in China - Concerns Escalate Due to China's Actions - Hubei and Wuhan Leaders Replaced  … via @gatewaypundit
#Huanggang city, about 30 miles east of #Wuhan, will begin #lockdown starting Feb.14, where all residents are not allowed to exit or re-enter  or residential areas amid novel #coronavirus ( #COVID19) 
Yesterday midnight, the Huangpu Church黄埔教会and the Hankou Church 汉口教会 in Wuhan asked Christians everywhere to urgently pray for them. Many members of Huangpu Church are in critical and dangerous situations. Hankou Church has 20 over members suffering from the coronavirus!
5 Million People Left Wuhan, China Before Travel Restrictions Imposed  … Plz support . @realDonaldTrump 4 re-election and LauraLoomerforCongress 2020 PLEASE RETWEET
#Wuhan and all of China looks like a nightmare because of the #Coronavirus. 
I was a 16 year-old in Kyiv when the Chernobyl catastrophe happened. My @WSJ essay on how the party-state’s lies kill, be it In Wuhan or in Soviet Ukraine, and how by doing so these lies undermine the regimes’ most potent weapon: fear.  …
Yesterday marked the largest one-day increase in the Wuhan coronavirus’s spread—14,840 new cases in Hubei province alone. And that’s just what the Chinese Communist Party decided to release—as I’ve said for weeks, the true numbers are much higher.  …
Wuhan coronavirus spread so widely because the Chinese Communist Party covered it up & silenced whistleblowers like Dr. Li. Firing local officials won’t make a difference—the party itself & the system of fear and oppression it has created is the problem.  …
For any of us living in the free world, it is difficult to imagine what life in a locked-down city is like, so here are some unfiltered and uncensored voices directly from Wuhan. 
Firstly Emmanuel, your team should give the Minister accurate information before she goes in front of Parliament and National Television to embarrass herself like that. She told lies about the number of Ugandans in Wuhan and also said No African Countries have evacuated citizens.  …
CNBC reports that the Chinese have dispatched a bioweapons expert with the rank of Major General to Wuhan.
Situation in Hubei is still uncertain. Outside of Hubei, new cases have dropped for 9th consecutive day, indicating outbreak has been largely under control. Hubei and Wuhan have replaced leaders, at least three counties/cities in Hubei moved to ban all residents from going out.
Terrible things continue to happen! In order to avoid the spread of immune disease, the Chinese people killed their #pet #dogs with sticks! #COVID19 #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #Wuhan 
And he doesnt want US president visiting India. Why not settle your pappus and pappinis in Cuba or Wuhan China bl00dy lal ch*ddi M0r0n Sitaram yechury! @realDonaldTrump @USAGov @USAndIndia @USAmbIndia Can you please take care of this guy who is going to agitate against Trump's
BREAKING: An individual who was quarantined at Joint Base San Antonio Lackland was officially diagnosed with the disease that first originated in Wuhan, China. 
Cured in 8 days! Seven #coronavirus patients are discharged from Huoshenshan Hospital, a SARS treatment-model facility in Wuhan, China. 
I would like to thank Hon. Adeke Anna for contesting the lies that the Minister of Health told to the Parliament. To reiterate what she said; there are ONLY 68 students currently in Wuhan and not 105 and there are some African countries that have already evacuated their citizens.
North Korea leader Kim Jong-Un announced drastic measures to stop the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak from China to North Korea. While a North Korean official had been executed for going to a public bath while he was in quarantine. 金正恩對北韓人民宣布：若隔離外出直接處決。 
Open Market in Wuhan is selling vegetables to residents and this is making national news in China Slowly and steadily, world is recognizing the power of the Hindu way of life 
Doctors and nurses in Wuhan are cutting their hair short or shaving their heads to avoid cross-infection while treating coronavirus patients  
Zhang Dingyu, director of Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan, said #COVID19-infected patients that have recovered have a large number  antibodies, which can fight the virus. He called on them  to donate plasma for patients who are still 
Prime Minister @narendramodi has issued a letter of appreciation to the team members of the evacuation operations of Indians in #Wuhan , both from the Ministry of Health and Air India. @the_hindu
#America1st In God We Trust #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 'LIVE FROM HONG KONG: Coronovirus is Killing People and Commerce in China – Concerns Escalate Due to China’s Actions – Hubei and Wuhan Leaders Replaced #KAG #Trump2020  …
EP03 of 无所不JI : She gave up Taiwan's evacuation flight to stay with her girlfriend in Wuhan For your #ValentinesDay listen, our host chatted with Liu Ting & Yang Xi, a lesbian couple in Wuhan. WeChat:  … Podcast:  … Also on 
PM Modi has issued a letter of appreciation to the team members of Wuhan evacuation operations. The letter would be handed over to the crew by Minister of State for Civil Aviation. Air India had conducted emergency evacuation operations from the Wuhan city in China. 
Wuhan's two coronavirus hospital built from scratch in 12 days to treat 2,600 patients are still HALF EMPTY while confirmed cases in the city soar 
PM Narendra Modi writes letter of appreciation to AI crew which evacuated Indians from China's Wuhan following coronavirus outbreak: PMO
Huangzhou District, which is part of Huanggang and close to Wuhan, has issued a 500 yuan ($71) reward for anyone who reports a person suffering from fever
Read this entire thread on Japanese Twitter. None of the Indians from Wuhan contracted Corona virus says a news piece. Japanese internet is guessing it is because of turmeric and ginger curry or the river ganges. Very fascinating  …
Heartwarming: Medical staff practice #qigong with coronavirus patients at a hospital in Wuhan, China. 
There are only 68 Ugandan Students in Wuhan, people are trying to inflate these numbers for their personal benefit.  …
NEW: Huanggang, a city of 6 million people near Wuhan, will tighten its lockdown at midnight to ban people from leaving their home; basic needs will be provided by the local government
China's domestically developed large transport #aircraft Y-20 for the 1st time conducted large-scale military operation in a situation other than war, arriving Thursday in #Wuhan with medical reinforcements and supplies to join the battle against the #COVID19 outbreak (file 
Video: A nurse working in #Wuhan's makeshift hospital receives a phone call about her mother's demise, the only thing she can do was bowing three times to the direction of home, Kunming City of Yunnan Province, to show respects to her mother, and went back to work 
Cases of coronavirus in China's Hubei province jumped to 14,840 Wednesday from 1,638 the day before, official figures showed today. Meanwhile 242 new deaths were reported in Hubei, of which Wuhan is the capital. 
#WuhanCoronavirus Let us pray for #Wuhan together! We are with you in together! Follow @oxbitcoin Retweet+Your best wishes Get USDT and 2THS BTC mining contract at :  First 1000 retweet will get $140! @cctip_io airdrop 140 USDT 
Tonight at 10 pm on @ndtv ... Weeks before he retires, how @airindiain's veteran Captain Amitabh Singh led a team of pilots, crew, docs and engineers as they evacuated Indians in Wuhan. Not one crew member said 'No' when asked. AI has a long history of rescuing Indians in danger. 
First guests due to leave Arrowe Park today following their repatriation from Wuhan. We’d like to thank them for their patience & support & thank staff from the range of organisations & the wider  who looked after them so well. Guests left this message of thanks: 
Good news! The first child with severe #coronavirus symptoms recovered and was discharged from #Wuhan Children's Hospital on Thursday after 18 days of treatment. The 14-month-old infant had diarrhea and vomit when he arrived at the hospital on January 24. 
Nigerians in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in China, say they’ve been abandoned by their country. “I don’t understand why other countries can take care of their citizens, but not us,” a student told CNN 
Amitabh Singh,Air India Captain on Wuhan(China) evacuation: It was 1st time,we got involved in going to so-called epicenter of epidemic.Orders were to fly in,evacuate&fly out,keeping everyone safe.We had lot of support from Indian Govt,especially from Health Ministry. 
This report goes along with everything we discussed in Part 2 of Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons. Worth a read. Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus  …
WHO chief @DrTedros is a Chinazi puppet; has been spewing CCP propaganda, covering up the seriousness of the disease, the origin of the deadly virus & what’s happening in the Wuhan P4 lab. WHO should be renamed CHO- Chinazi Health Organisation.
Final sample collection of all 406 people housed at quarantine facility of Indo-Tibetan Border Police being done by the team of doctors. 406 people back from Wuhan, China, incl 7 Maldives nationals are being looked after at ITBP's Chhawla camp. 
As China's military is sent to Wuhan to help with the Coronavirus outbreak - follow our liveblog for the latest  
Here a summary of my work during the 8 days that I’ve spent in Wuhan right after the lockdown. Thanks @SatishCheney and @suen_daniel for the great  …
PM Abe: The 197 people who returned to Japan from Wuhan, China, on the first charter flight and stayed in designated lodging facilities all left for home, having tested negative for the virus yesterday in screening conducted after the maximum incubation period had passed. 
Another batch of 2,600 military doctors has been dispatched to the central Chinese city of #Wuhan – the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak. So far, over 4,000 medical staff from the Chinese armed forces have already been dispatched to Wuhan. 
Reports of a mass cremation in Wuhan, the epicenter of #COVID19 outbreak, causing a high-level of SO2 emission are FAKE NEWS. Data collected by satellite is  to ground data: China National Environmental Monitoring Station.  
A request of pakistani who is in Wuhan, China. I beg you to please read this and share this as much as you can and save lives of pakistanis. 1/2 
The first seven patients were discharged from Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan Thursday afternoon after recovering from the 
"The 6 tons of medical disinfectant assisted by MJJHN were sent to wuhan, which will be sent to two hospitals in wuhan after being received by MJJWuHan FansClub. This project was assisted by MJJChinaFansClub (MJJCN). Thanks to Keen and 300 MJ fans."  …
China deploys 2,600 military medics to help fight coronavirus in Wuhan as city undergoes massive disinfection DETAILS:  
More Shocking Revelations #Chinese Billionaire “Guo Wengui” believes the newly constructed “hospitals” in #Wuhan, which were built in 10 days, are used as camps to round up those infected with the #coronavirus to be INCINERATED/CREMATED. 
Y’all remember how much the Bank of Uganda pens cost, but it’s expensive to evacuate Ugandans in Wuhan.
Ouch! Passenger car sales in #China slumped by about 20% YoY in Jan. The lockdown of Wuhan city on 23 January 2020 seems to be the main reason for this weakness. This will also affect the German auto manufacturers for whom China is an important market. (via Commerzbank) 
Good Morning Uganda, Today the Wuhan Coronavirus cases stand at; • Confirmed cases - 59,882 (15,152 higher than yesterday) • Dead - 1,368 (254 higher than yesterday) Dear Gov’t, are we really safer here? #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Pakistan, unlike, many neighbouring countries has decided *not* to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China - centre of the Corona Virus outbreak... It's left some of the 500 Pakistani uni students stuck there feeling abandoned: Our report on BBC World, w/ 
All 147 South Koreans and their Chinese family members from Wuhan, who arrived at Gimpo International Airport in Seoul yesterday, have tested negative for coronavirus. 
Chen Qiushi is a citizen journalist who defied the Communist Party's monopoly on information by covering the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He has since disappeared. 
#China has replaced several key members of the leadership in #Hubei Province amid the #CoronavirusOutbreak: -New Party chief of #Hubei: Ying Yong -New Party chief and director of Hubei Provincial Health Commission: Wang Hesheng -New Party chief of #Wuhan: Wang Zhonglin 
VIDEO: #China THIS IS JUST TERRIFYING!! #Coronavirus #COVID19 #Coronaviruschina #COVID19 #COVID2019 #Wuhan #China 
Actually the article said about there will be new or novel Corona virus due to uncontrollable eating exotic food and it  true when wuhan virus or called as Covid19 outbreak from wuhan due to same reason as stated in the article
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” This journalist was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More @business:  
God forbid if the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak had happened in India, how would we have handled it? Better, worse, same as China? How prepared are we for such a deadly epidemic? We can barely handle Chikungunya...
Chinese video blogger detailing life — and death — amid coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan disappears, allegedly “forcibly quarantined” 
The coronavirus was first identified in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December. Here's what we do — and don't — know about the virus and the disease it causes, COVID-19. 
China has replaced its top officials in central Hubei province and its capital, Wuhan, the epicenter of a viral outbreak that has infected more than 45,000 people worldwide. 
A hug speaks louder than a thousand words! They hadn't seen each other for 16 days and were saying goodbye again as the wife left for Wuhan to help fight the #coronavirus 
"We are not in this situation because of the illness. It's because of the system and mechanisms." This family is living under one roof despite a member having the #coronavirus. There isn’t enough room for all the sick in hospitals in #Wuhan, China 
Leaked audio call with a Wuhan funeral home staff. Gives a view on the true numbers.. it is much much higher Full  
This is a nurse in Huoshenshan hospital in Wuhan.Her mother died yesterday but she cannot back home since there's too much work to do to save patients with coronavirus. #Coronavirus #Wuhan 
New preprint from #China According to the most conservative estimate of 54,000 infections in Wuhan. The current 8,000-plus beds in hospital wards and the 20000 beds in square-class hospitals are far away from meeting the actual needs. h/t @PneumoniaWuhan  
And the new Party bosses of Hubei and Wuhan are both ex-cops, which is in keeping with Xi Jinping's "law and order" approach
Until Feb 12 17:00, Wuhan has inspected 10.6 million people of 4.243 million families. From the result of door-to-door visits, Wuhan has -16,568 confirmed #coronavirus patients -14,596 suspected patients -17,473 people exposed to virus -7,961 fever 
So far randomly out of jobs today: - Zhang Xiaoming, head of Hong Kong & Macau Affairs office - Jiang Chaoling, Party Secretary of Hubei province - Ma Guoqiang, Wuhan Communist Party Chief My guess is they are not getting severance
Hubei party secretary AND Wuhan party secretary fired and switched out, crazy spike in Hubei virus numbers, a confusing recategorization of statistics, delayed statistics from the National Health Commission... and a long day ahead reporting in the field. Another coffee please.
Since the first batch of three makeshift shelter hospitals were put into operation on Feb 3, Wuhan has established 11 shelter hospitals by Feb 12, with 9,029 planned beds. Of the total beds, there are 6,929 available beds and 5,101 beds occupied. 
Sudden Militarization of Wuhan’s P4 Lab Raises New Questions About the Origin of the Deadly MIC (Made-in-China) Coronavirus - China’s chief biochemical weapon defense expert, is now to be stationed in Wuhan.  …
Might be. Too many coincidences with Charles Lieber at Harvard being taken into custody 2-3 weeks age and him running a lab in Wuhan and getting 50k a month and 1.7mm upfront by China and lying about it to U.S health officials.
I’m hearing there are far more deaths in China than were being told. Crematoriums in Wuhan alone are running 24/7 since late Jan. 3 children to a body bag bcs they’re running out.
It was one of several makeshift facilities that have sprung up in Wuhan to house the growing number of coronavirus patients. Peng Bangze's dad went to one such place, called Sunny Sky Inn.
Many infected with coronavirus after thousands shared meals; Funeral homes in Wuhan overloaded  via @YouTube
UNDERCOUNTED DEATHS: “Wuhan’s overburdened health workers are unable to confirm many of those who died were suffering from Covid-19, so they will not show up in official figures”.  …
Rich Chinese man tries to escape the quarantine zone in his Range Rover but I doubt that he made it out of there #Wuhan #Coronavirus 
61% of the dead bodies were found in homes. A crematorium manager in #Wuhan amid #CoronavirusOutbreak reveals shocking insight that tells what many already suspect - Mass numbers of #COVID19 are NOT getting hospital treatment. Watch Full Report Here:  
2/12 Manboer was a blogger with 20k followers on Sina Weibo. She as a #coronavirus patient disclosed the real situation in Wuhan hospital，which pissed off CCP. Threatened to express gratuity to CCP Or medical support will be terminated, she published this video. Then died 
Communist Party leaders for Hubei Province and Wuhan reportedly sacked.  …
Another 2,600 military medics will be sent to #Wuhan  #COVID2019, pushing the total number of military medics in Wuhan to 4,000. The first batch of 1,400 members arrived on Thur by military aircraft, including the Y-20 heavy cargo plane. 
Nearly 1,000 military medical staff seen arriving in Wuhan, China: Local Source  …
Party bosses of both Hubei province and Wuhan city were sacked. 
Another 2,600 military medics will be deployed to #Wuhan to fight the #coronavirus outbreak, approved by #XiJinping. This is the third batch of military medical staff sent to Wuhan, bringing the total number to around 4,000. 
Hey bro, wanna give my ex a ride to the airport? I booked her a flight to Wuhan
A close friend of mine in Hong Kong says President Xi Jinping is anxious to meet with @realDonaldTrump in Wuhan to discuss the next Trump Tower. Donald, you should go immediately! This whole virus thing is just a Democratic hoax to keep you from building your next Trump Tower.
A new case of the novel coronavirus has been confirmed among evacuees at a San Diego County, California air base, the CDC said. This is the second evacuee from Wuhan, China, under quarantine at the base to test positive for the virus. 
There was a bombing in Wuhan just now, Twitter has taken down all tweets about this. China is a madhouse #wuhan 
Live: Several PLA airforce planes carry medical staff and supplies to Wuhan  …
Remember those first reports you read about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus around January 15th? So do I. Feels like it was an eternity ago. This graph shows how the infections took off in the days that 
There was an unusual spike in confirmed Wuhan-virus cases today. It's almost as if someone's been manipulating these numbers to be lower than they are. Impossible, I know. 
All of the accounts I started following for updates from Wuhan are gone.
"Good morning my neighbors" "Fuck you!" "Yeah fuck you too!" Early morning greetings from Wuhan. #COVID19 #Coronavirus 
The second San Diego County virus case, like the first, is a person who was on one of the evacuation flights from Wuhan  …
Pet store owners take care of struggling pets in #Wuhan amid #coronavirus 
Coronavirus: The volunteer putting himself at risk in Wuhan - BBC News Inspiring. Meanwhile, in Singapore, there are those who would throw nurses off the bus.  …
The four young guys spread information about Wuhan online. After being arrested, the police forced them to record a video showing the "guarantee letter" they were forced to write to promise they would never do the same again. #Coronavirus #COVID  …
On the roof of Shanghai's tallest skyscraper, Shanghai Center, the big captions of Unity and Confidence are very eye-catching to cheer for #Wuhan You are not alone! 
Hardly any people on the streets of Wuhan, but plenty of Ravens!! 
More (anecdotal) evidence that both infection rates and death rates in China are now being undercounted, with the health system under intense stress around Wuhan. #COVID19 #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus  …
Wuhan Coronavirus has officially exceeded more deaths than SARS  …
These Wuhan medical workers cut their hair short to fight the coronavirus. Many said their long hair hindered work and raised the risk of cross-contamination 
I write about the arrest of Bin Fang in Wuhan in my column below. This is the last video he posted before his door was kicked in and he was hauled away.   …
Speed "mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan linked to the city’s major seafood market was fast by most international standards,” said John S. Mackenzie, a co-author, in an email. “I doubt many other public health authorities would have been any faster." -Yep.  …
I am actively working to ensure Odie contracts the Wuhan coronavirus.
Cannot verify this. Lots of discussions on Chinese social media that #Wuhan is set to reopen for business on Feb. 14. 网传 #武汉 14号复工。是真是假？ #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronaviruschina #武汉肺炎 #武漢肺炎 #新冠肺炎 
LMFAO MY PUBLIC HEALTH TEACHER GOES “Class— Why didn’t we name the current Coronavirus Wuhan Flu?” Me immediately: Because it’s racist Him: No, it’s bc.... *add long lecture* Me responding in front of the class: No, it’s racist. Class: *silent looking at asian girl*
Even though transparency is essential for fighting an epidemic, a second Chinese citizen journalist who had been covering China’s deadly coronavirus outbreak from its epicenter in Wuhan has gone missing. Cover-up before public health. 
The streets in China may be empty of people but the ravens aren't afraid of the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. #Darkness 
2) That said, @LSHTM researchers think the #COVID19 virus will likely peak in mid/late February - but just for Wuhan.  …
China is conducting a clinical trial of 24,000 mg/day of intravenous vitamin C for coronavirus patients. They will receive it for 7 days straight at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. Honor and thanks to Zhiyong Peng, MD, for making this happen.  …
Doctor's got talent! A doctor from NW China's Xinjiang at a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan was asked by patients with mild #coronavirus symptoms to teach them a traditional Uygur dance, bringing optimism and fun to the hospital 
Coronavirus: The volunteers putting themselves at risk in Wuhan 
Chinese vlogger Chen Qiushi who detailed life — and death — amid coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan disappears, allegedly "forcibly quarantined"  
This is a new case that a family of three came back from wuhan and quarantined for 14 days with no symptoms. On the 19th day, one of them is confirmed with #Coronavirus and hospitalized. The maximum incubation days reported in China is 24 
Wuhan is still holding on to its recent 50% home price gains 
As bodies are being piled into a van in #Wuhan, a woman can be heard wailing and one of the worker is seen tossing his gloves into a nearby bin—seemingly unworried of infecting others. 
These Wuhan medical workers cut their hair short to fight the coronavirus. Many said their long hair hindered work and raised the risk of cross-contamination 
You Have to watch this Communist is a Pure Evil! Chinese Police in Wuhan Killing People with #Coronavirus #coronavirusuk #china #ChinaCoronaVirus #wuhan #Coronavirustruth #CoronaOutbreak 
Amid Virus Outbreak, Funeral Home Officials in Wuhan Reveal Sharp Increase in Cremations  … via @epochtimes
I'll stick with the name #WuhanCoronavirus. This isn't discrimination. The name serves to: 1. Bring the plights of Wuhan residents to our attention 2. Remind govts the danger of cover-up 3. Criticize Chinese Communist regime Accuracy>>political correctness  …
A Chinese citizen journalist who chronicled desperate scenes from the #Coronavirus-stricken city of #Wuhan has been detained by police, according to his friends. @EpochTimes tried to call Fang multiple times, but no one answered his  …
Wuhan coronavirus could end up being far more widespread than the illness itself. It is already affecting China’s economy, potentially to the tune of $60 billion. Other predictions are suggesting that if the outbreak isn’t contained, Chinese banks could face a $6 trilliondisaster
We predicted this about a week or so ago: Wuhan is now short of pure Oxygen for respirators.
To prove the veracity of his claim, let’s start a go fund me to send Jimmy to Wuhan to deliver his magic potion to those infected personally. He will be an international hero and trump can give him a medal.
Did anyone notice that there are no longer videos from the streets in Wuhan (or significantly less than before) in the past few days? Or why do I see no more footage about what happens in Wuhan? #coronavirus
Exhausted police officer Wang Zhenguo, who worked day and night with his colleagues during the #Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak loses consciousness and tumbles headfirst down stairs in eastern China’s Shandong 
Please take a minute of your day to pray for China, pray for Wuhan, pray for the patients, pray for the families who have lost loved ones, pray for the families in quarentine starving. And pray that this horrible virus is contained.
Let's airdrop him in Wuhan with nothing but a bottle of his Silver Solution.
Spoke to a Ugandan medical student @owishemwe he’s stuck in #Wuhan China & is appealing to the government in Kampala to urgently evacuate him and others from the province that’s the epicenter of the #coronavirus 
#Shiyan city, 400 km NW of #Wuhan, will begin 14-day “wartime” #lockdown in its whole Zhangwan District since Feb 13, where all people are not allowed to enter or exit residential buildings, in order to curb the spread of novel #coronavius infection. 
Mr. Sina Karami, a barista who had the opportunity to leave #Wuhan and return to #Iran. But he insist on staying here with Chinese colleagues, and to help by making coffee for those doctors and nurses who are fighting #coronavairus #COVID19. @AmbChangHua #China 
Farming folk all over #China are donating agricultural products to #Wuhan, helping out food shortages due to the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Latest for @dw_chinese - This is a story about a farmer from #Huangang city near #Wuhan, who voluntarily arrange donation of medical supply and sent them to local hospitals despite being detained for 7 days for criticizing the government online.  …
Today's Southern District Council Special Meeting on Wuhan Coronavirus  This is a formal meeting but the govt refuse to provide venue & clerical support "due to the epidemic". Hey, we councilors work to fight the epidemic. And we work no matter you work or not. 
#Wuhan now has more than 40 designated hospitals and 12,000 beds ready to take in patients in severe and critical conditions amid novel #Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, according to municipal epidemic control 
As foreigners flee China, Pakistan tells its citizens to stay. Pakistan has refused to evacuate 800 citizens in Wuhan, fearing coronavirus outbreak at home.  …
"It was around then that a Chinese scientist named Li Chen defected to the United States, carrying a diskette record of China's most important and dangerous: new biological weapon in a decade. They call the stuff 'Wuhan-400'..." 
How are  in Wuhan coping with #coronavirus? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip to see a grassroots war on epidemic #WuhanToday epi.04 
Niggas scared to go to Wuhan? I’m good on any block
Have #Wuhan media lost their stupid collective minds? One article is titled:” Why not warm the Wuhan mayor’s heart after an uphill battle against #coronavirus?” Need a bin to 
These medical staff in Wuhan cut their hair short to fight the coronavirus. Many said their long hair hindered work and raised the risk of cross-contamination. 
NEW Research—Preliminary evidence suggests that new #coronavirus cannot be passed from mother to child late in pregnancy: finding from small observational study of women from Wuhan, China in 3rd trimester of pregnancy & who had pneumonia caused by #COVID19  
There are more than 40 designated hospitals and 12,000 hospital beds in Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, ready to take in patients  
I have issued instructions to our Foreign Office and Overseas Ministry to do everything possible for our students who are stuck in Wuhan city.
Read this dispatch from my colleagues Chao Deng and Kersten Zhang, who are reporting on the ground in Wuhan. They found that faulty test kits and false negatives mean the number of coronavirus patients is being undercounted  …
#Wuhan medical staff: I've prepared a will "If something happens to me, I need to know who is to take care of my child. What will happen to my parent?" #coronaviruses  … 
COVID-19 NEW: “Based on data from this small group of patients, there is currently no evidence of vertical transmission in pregnant women who developed COVID-19 pneumonia in the third trimester.” With thanks to the Wuhan team for this exceptional work. 
Lu Shuyun, the mother of Dr. #LiWenliang, is demanding to know why #Wuhan police harassed him. Can one woman stand against strongman #XiJinping? Yes. After all, in the #coronavirus outbreak she has about 1.4 billion angry people on her side. See:  . #China
CCP’s urgent order to Chinese factories to make 1 million corpse bags. How many people die in Wuhan every day? #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Entire city of #Wuhan is disinfected as fight against #coronavirus 
Chinese vlogger Chen Qiushi who detailed life — and death — amid coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan disappears, allegedly "forcibly quarantined"  
Good morning my neighbors Fuck you Yeah fuck you too Early morning greetings from Wuhan #coronavirus #Wuhan 
Challenge for @hankandbrenda of One Voice Ministries: Organize an aid trip to Wuhan, China to help those infected with the Coronavirus.  …
A nurse working in #Wuhan's makeshift hospital receives a phone call about her mother's demise, the only thing she can do was bowing three times to the direction of home, Kunming City of Yunnan Province, to show respects to her mother, and went back to work 
时尚COSMO thanked readers & wang yibo’s fans for their great love & support. in addition, they will also do its social responsibility by donating 10% of all online sales profit of the march issue that was sold today to wuhan leishenshan hospital to support the epidemic prevention 
Doctor's got talent! A doctor from NW China's Xinjiang at a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan was asked by patients with mild #coronavirus symptoms to teach them a traditional Uygur dance, bringing optimism and fun to the hospital 
Chinese mainland's 1st #Taiwan patient confirmed of novel #coronavirus pneumonia ( #COVID19) was discharged from a hospital in Shenzhen on Wed after recovery. The patient worked in #Wuhan and took a flight to Shenzhen on Jan. 18 (file pic) 
Wuhan-400 Coronavirus: 1981 Novel Predicts Virus Origin  … Ingersoll Lockwood, where ya at?
If you find yourself in a #CoronaVirus quarantine, how about a little light reading to pass the time? Written in 1981, The Eyes of Darkness by Dean Koontz follows a virus called Wuhan-400, developed in the military labs of Wuhan, China. 
At least 500 Wuhan medical staff infected with #coronavirus ... this is a reminder of how medical professionals often put themselves in harms way to help others ...  … via @scmpnews
Unfortunately, the #Wuhan girl was infected with #COVID19. Fortunately, her symptoms were mild, so she was treated at the square cabin hospital. Respectfully, she still insists on studying every day. This is the young people in China, the hope of 
DECEASED!! * Li Wenliang (doctor) MISSING!! * Chen Qiushi (journalist) * Fang Bin (journalist) * Xu Zhangrun (professor) AND ALL THE OTHERS ... #coronavirus #Wuhan 
As #CoronaVirusOutbreak leads to exodus of foreign students from #Wuhan, Pakistan decides to abandon its students in solidarity with China. The students hv  guinea pigs in a bizarre diplomatic exercise. Maria @AbiHabib reports for the  …
*NEW* H1veM1nd Vid Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons, SARS & Wuhan Coronavirus Check it out! Watch the full vid here:  
Look for the heroes, you will find them everywhere. Lao Mao, the unsung hero saving thousands of Wuhan's pets:  …
'Wuhan’s health system has collapsed because of the epidemic. The government has basically ignored other diseases,' said city resident Liu Congfeng 
This is @ImranKhanPTI Naya Pakistan. Dumps its nationals, while accepting Chinese from Wuhan. Wonder what is Naya? It dumped its troops in Bangladesh, refused to collect bodies in Kargil. Has anything changed? It is old Pak dumping its own  … @wionews
Feel for #Wuhan and its people going through this emergency. Here's a promise: when this crisis is over I'm definitely going there for fun trip. I haven't been to the city for way too long. It's a great place. I highly  it. #coronavirus #China #covid19
Remember, it's just the flu. Don't be a fearmonger. Don't ask questions #Coronavirus #Wuhan 
I cannot stop thinking about the Uighur doctors that are fighting COVID-19 in Wuhan while there are over a million Uighurs locked up in detention camps in Xinjiang. What must they be feeling when they dance? I can’t imagine that they want to dance. 
"Pray for Wuhan." "United in the fight against #coronavirus." Through colorful paintings and encouraging words, children from various countries convey their best wishes for China, believing #COVID19 will finally be defeated. #FightVirus, China is not 
Dance in support of #Wuhan! A doctor dispatched from the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region to support Wuhan's fight against #coronavirus shakes legs to the tunes of a #Xinjiang traditional music to boost the spirits of the 
Abook for children in #Wuhan University: “Masked palm civet is edible. Every parts of their body is treasure: Their lipid is an ingredient of cosmetics, their fur can make painting brush...” Please don’t eat civet to prevent the spread of #WuhanCoronavirus #2019nCoV 
‘Pandora's box has been opened’ Doctors and nurses at #Wuhan hospital reveal daily struggles as they treat severe cases of #coronavirus MORE:  
The primary source of coronavirus seems to be found. It turns out that many house roofs in Wuhan,are heavily infested with chrysanthemum bats,carry the virus in their body.When snakes eat these bats,snakes  secondary carriers and when chinese people eat those snakes,... 
Send some prayers out for this brave citizen journalist in Wuhan..He’s videos started to get a lot of traction and then he disappeared..let’s hope he is ok but that’s being optimistic when  to the CCP..  …
Having china’s highest level 4 bio lab The Wuhan Institute of virology based there is of course a coincidence..
"'Wuhan’s health system has collapsed because of the epidemic. The government has basically ignored other diseases,' said city resident Liu Congfeng, whose mother-in-law was suffering from cancer but had lost her hospital bed to coronavirus patients."  …
This independent journalist “disappeared” after his reports from Wuhan started getting millions of hits. I hope he’s ok. But knowing the CCP, I doubt he is.  …
"We are not in this situation because of the illness. It's because of the system and mechanisms." This family is living under 1 roof despite a member having the #coronavirus. There isn’t enough room for all the sick in hospitals in Wuhan, China 
Farming folk all over #China are donating agricultural products to #Wuhan, helping out food shortages due to the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Autonomous delivery robots join the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan, China 
A #Syrian student who lives in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, requested police officers to deliver his donations to #Wuhan to help fight the battle against the #COVID19. “China is my second home,” writes the student in his letter, “you’re not alone, we will always stand with 
#Coronavirus patients and medical staff dance at Wuhan's makeshift hospitals to keep their spirits up and boost immunity 
The only patient infected with the novel #coronavirus in SW China’s Tibet was discharged from the hospital after an 18-day treatment Wednesday. The patient, 34, is from Hubei, the hardest-hit province. He traveled from Wuhan to Lhasa by train from Jan 22 to 24. 
Fang Bin, who had been covering China’s deadly coronavirus outbreak from its epicenter in Wuhan has gone missing just days after the disappearance of Chen Qiushi, a former rights lawyer who was video blogging from the city. #coronavirus  …
Another citizen journalist covering the coronavirus has gone missing in Wuhan 
#China’s ambassador to Tehran tweeted photos of an Iranian citizen who refused to return to #Iran and voluntarily stayed in Wuhan to help medical team  …
Super market in #wuhan running out of supplies, people lining up to buy, some starting to steal, one of the many scenes in #China during #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
See the Video of baby infected with Corona Virus in Wuhan China under quarantine New info has emerged that Corona Virus can stay alive on a surface 5 - 21 days Incubation period can last as long as 45 days Pray for the Baby Pray for China Pray for Nigeria 
The World Health Organization Director-General believes there is a "realistic chance" of stopping the Wuhan coronavirus "if we invest now in rational and evidence-based interventions" 
Chinese video blogger detailing life — and death — amid coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan disappears, allegedly “forcibly quarantined” 
#China CCP's "infection control" propaganda in #Wuhan, locals: "They're here everyday only to take group photos with the Party flag" "They took off their PPE once they've taken the photo. He uses PPE to wipe his car!" "He just threw PPE into a rubbish bin!" 
The first US evacuee from China known to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a San Diego hospital 
"Wuhan is our home..." A German professor explains his decision to stay in the virus-hit city amid the #coronavirus outbreak. How are he and his family coping with it? Let's find 
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he went missing. More @business:  
It's time to go home! As many as 28 #coronavirus patients have recovered and been discharged from the Wuchang makeshift hospital in #Wuhan. The hospital says this is just the beginning of their battle. #COVID19 more:  
Chen Qiushi is a citizen journalist who defied the Communist Party's monopoly on information by covering the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He has since disappeared. 
Our sources in Wuhan tell us that the hastily built hospitals are more like warehouses to store the sick and the dying than hospitals. The CCP built them to save face, not lives. #China  …
The sudden outbreak interrupted the young lovers' engagement plan. Instead, the two medics signed up to fight the #coronavirus at the front line. He proposed to her with a paperclip ring in #Wuhan on Feb. 9, the day they were supposed to get engaged. And she said yes. 
His name is Bahar, a Kazakh doctor who provides medical assistance from Xinjiang to Wuhan. In order to encourage his patients, he performed Xinjiang dance. He is such a good doctor with humor and optimism! #Xinjiang #Wuhan 
5). Where did Corona virus originate? The first COVID19 case was seen in Wuhan, but the exact origin isn’t clear. The late Dr. #LiWenliang blew the Whistle 12/2019 before 3 million began traveling for the Chinese New Year, but was silenced. I honor 
Where is Chen Quishi? Journalist covering #coronavirus in #Wuhan missing since Thurs. Last posted: “I am afraid. In front of me is disease. Behind me is China’s legal & admin power. But as long as I am alive I will speak about what I have seen and what I have heard. ..." MORE
This one is beautiful! On the streets of Florence, Italy, a Wuhan student studying abroad stood with his eyes closed, and the card next to him said: "I'm not a virus, I'm human! Don't discriminate against us!" See how people respond ! 
#HeartwarmingMoments: “I’ll be much more useful here than in France.” French doctor vows to stay in Wuhan to fight #COVID19.  
Situation in #Wuhan: A man killed 2 members of family & a neighbor. His aunt came from other city to see him, she was infected of #Coronavirus, he killed her & his uncle, also a neighbor. Police reached to arrest. 
Be Strong, China! Be strong, Wuhan! Signboards with Chinese or Japanese words are seen at different places in Japan, conveying support to China in fighting novel coronavirus epidemic #FightVirus  
Large-scale disinfection operation in #Wuhan against 
The reason they don't want you to call it to Wuhan virus is because they don't want people asking how bizarre a coincidence it is that China's only BSL 4 lab happens to be only miles away from the Wuhan market their government claims is the source of the epidemic.
U.S.A.: *45,000 Americans die every year from a lack of access to healthcare* China: *builds a hospital in 10 days* Americans: "China is evil & their government is not doing enough to control the Wuhan flu!!!"
In case you want to get upto speed on the Harvard Wuhan connection... 
Why the number of Wuhan Pneumonia cases announced by CCP is decreasing? Because CCP changed the standard of the confirmed case in Feb. 6. Patients who are viral positive but without symptom are not allowed to reckon in the big number.
WATCH: Cities in China's Hubei province, including #Wuhan, carry out disinfection operations to curb the spread of 
Chinese authorities arrest another citizen journalist, Fang Bin, after he posted videos of dead bodies from coronavirus-stricken Wuhan 
#ChinaVirua — University of Southampton uses big data to draw map showing *where did #Wuhan people flee before lockdown* Researchers estimate these 6 #MILLIONS hv arrived in ~382 countries across Asia, Europe, #US & Australia. #Coronavirus outbreak may happen in next 3 
Patients at Wuhan's temporary cabin hospitals try to make the best of a bad situation and entertain themselves while receiving treatment. Dancing is the perfect choice. "We are all victims of the virus, but we are still full of hope and love for life."  
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More via @business:  
“When we got the first result, the doctor said it was impossible” False negatives on testing kits are leaving people in Wuhan with #COVID19 symptoms -- including infected lungs -- out in the cold. They also cast doubt on the data, via  …
A Chinese citizen journalist who chronicled desperate scenes from the #Coronavirus-stricken city of #Wuhan has been detained by police, according to his friends. The @EpochTimes tried to call Fang multiple times, but no one answered his  …
As Wuhan’s party chief claimed that 99% of population and 98.6% of households had been screened and sorted for quarantine, ppl in Wuhan scoffed: “We are all that 1.4%.” Meanwhile, a 70 yr old man unable to get into hospital jumped off a building.  …
Meet the Harvard University and MIT students who are making an impact by sending medical supplies from the U.S. to Wuhan.  
China hasn’t released full data on the number of medical staff infected by the coronavirus, but doctors on the ground confirmed at least 500 in Wuhan alone. “We have seen too many colleagues falling ill because of insufficient protection.”  …
In yet another example of bizarre predictive programming, in the 1981 novel "The Eyes of Darkness" by Dean Koontz, the Chinese develop a bio-weapon virus called Wuhan-400 in the city of Wuhan.  …
The World Health Organization Director-General believes there is a "realistic chance" of stopping the Wuhan coronavirus "if we invest now in rational and evidence-based interventions" 
Live: On-site view of Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital, which has received more than 80 #coronavirus  …
Even though Biden will get crushed in New Hampshire, you have to give him credit. The man has the Wuhan virus but still went all out campaigning until he was medevaced out to South Carolina
With the city on lockdown, native #Wuhan girl Chen Lingyu volunteers to drive frontline medical staff to and from work every day amid the #coronavirus outbreak. Check out this video and see a day in her life. 
Wait, what? “The first US evacuee from China known to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a San Diego hospital after an initial test found the person had not been infected, local health officials said Monday.”Via 
Residents of Wuhan are mourning the loss of Li Wenliang, a doctor who was among the first to spread word online about coronavirus, and was disciplined for promoting “untrue speech.” 
My point is, remember that these are real people, real humans, struggling to help others and do their jobs. Fear-mongering or discrimination does not help them. (BTW for clarity’s sake I’m not in Wuhan, I am in California.)
The 195 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, last month have been released from the first mandatory quarantine the CDC has ordered in more than 50 years. "We've all created a family environment here," said one evacuee. 
In #Wuhan "...doubts are proliferating among residents over accuracy of the testing kits that Chinese health authorities are using to diagnose cases. -experts express fears that the scale of the outbreak could be much larger than Chinese data suggests  …
. @WHO downplayed risks of Wuhan coronavirus for weeks, now @DrTedros’ bold action is giving it a politically correct name that doesn’t offend Beijing. What a  …
My family is from Hubei. I was born in Wuhan. My dad told me about his classmates, many who are doctors in Wuhan hospitals. Two of his classmates died as they contracted the coronavirus from treating patients 24/7.
C. R. E. A. M. (Coughs Ruin Everything Around Me) - Wuhan Clan #TooSoonForCoronaVirusTunes
A distressed funeral home worker in Wuhan leaks information to an undercover investigator for NTD regarding massive body cremations. She claims that 60% have died from home and 38% have died from the hospitals. #coronaviruschina #coronavirus Full Video:  
The first US evacuee from China known to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a San Diego hospital 
About 800 Pakistani students have been left behind in Wuhan, China, as other countries evacuated their citizens. Some are recording their pleas to their government: “Please, please, please, support us and get us out of this place.” 
A Chinese citizen journalist who chronicled desperate scenes from the #Coronavirus-stricken city of #Wuhan has been detained by police, according to his friends. The @EpochTimes tried to call Fang multiple times, but no one answered his  …
You're town's in lockdown because of the #coronavirus – what do you do all day? How do you handle the cabin fever? Take a look at how some people find something to do in Wuhan. 
#NEW: A corona quarantine has been lifted for nearly 200 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China & transferred to March Air Reserve Base in California.
The Wuhan Institute of Virology has erased all the names of its Chinese Communist Party officers, including its Discipline, Communist Youth League, and United Front  
"We are not in this situation because of the illness. It's because of the system and mechanisms." This family is living under 1 roof despite a member having the #coronavirus. There isn’t enough room for all the sick in hospitals in Wuhan, China. 
What would it take to reconcile the limited onward #COVID19 transmission outside of China with the R0 estimates from Wuhan? @CJEMetcalf @khgrantz and I did some rough analysis. If 10% of cases are responsible for 80% of transmission, that would do it.  
“During the Ebola epidemic outbreak, the govt of Uganda moved to evacuate UPDF soldiers from the Ebola prone areas and airlifted them back to Uganda. And this should be done for the Ugandans in Wuhan.” ~ Hon. Paul Mwiru #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Both Chinese & external expert groups are trying to identify the animal source of 2019-nCoV. Identifying it would help to ensure that there will be no further similar outbreaks & will also help to understand the initial spread of #COVID19 in the Wuhan area, 
#Wuhan large-scale disinfection against 
Meanwhile in Wuhan. 
 authorities are not letting any @CDCgov experts investigate cause of deadly Wuhan outbreak, save lives & independently verify their data. I wonder what they are hiding? “C.D.C. and W.H.O. Offers to Help China Have Been Ignored for Weeks”  …
The US has halted the import of Chinese toys and novelties in the wake of this flu. Apparently, a man in Osh Kosh had Wuhan on his whoopie-cushion. #RIPjohnnycarson
Today, we  additional Canadians returning from Wuhan, China. The #CAF has been working hard in support to our partners preparing for their arrival. @Safety_Canada @GovCanHealth @CanadaFP  
13th case of #coronavirus confirmed in U.S. Patient had been evacuated from #Wuhan, China and was under a 14-day quarantine at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar near San Diego. Patient doing well, minimal symptoms according to a statement from UC San Diego Health. #COVID19
Breaking: Trump names Mitt Romney our new Ambassador to Wuhan China
Converted from #Wuhan International Expo Center and Wuhan Gymnasium, the two temporary hospitals will admit patients infected with the novel #coronavirus. The fundamental facilities have been set 
BJP must be only party to have *supporters* that blame BJP for not lifting Paki students from Wuhan until they humiliate you, and now blaming RW intolerance when RW didn't even celebrate Ram Mandir, while Amanatullah got away with Hinduon ki kabar khudegi and Sharjeel Imam.
As Foreigners Flee China, Pakistan Tells Its Citizens to Stay Pakistan has refused to evacuate 800 citizens in Wuhan, fearing an outbreak at home. Some stuck in the hot zone worry they are part of a larger geopolitical game :NYT  …
At least 500 Wuhan medical staff infected with coronavirus  Anger inducing.
Globalism is WHO giving the Chinese Communist Party political cover with statements that are quoted in every piece of Chinese propaganda. Nationalism is every sane country keeping the Wuhan epidemic bottled up by ignoring WHO and imposing travel bans.  …
#Breaking American evacuees from Wuhan China that were held at March Air Reserve Base are now heading home and flying out of @flyONT. Several of them told me they are looking forward to sleeping in their own bed tonight. Hear from them later today 
#Coronavirus epicentre: Buildings and roads blocked in #Wuhan MORE:  
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More @business:  
. @WHO - I would've thought that the people who are sick and dying feel about as stigmatized as anyone can possibly be by the CCP's feckless and self-serving bungling of the #2019nC0V #WuhanCoronavius #outbreak Death by any other name... #covid19 #WuhanVirus #wuhan 
Bullet trains stay put in #Wuhan as the city has been in lockdown. #coronavirus #railway 
From:  China is paying tribute to the incredible, tireless heroes fighting coronavirus on the frontline in Wuhan by sharing these stark images on social media.
Now that the World Health Organization has named it, we have revised our style: COVID-19 is acceptable on first reference for the coronavirus disease that first appeared in late 2019 in Wuhan, China. Explain later in the story.The disease is caused by a virus called 2019-nCoV.
In China it's still referred to as Wuhan Pneumonia, even they don't care about a stigma. *warning, graphic video*. They've even started running low on body bags according  on this video...  …
“It’s very different from anything we have witnessed,” said Prof. Maria Repnikova. Armed with smart phones and social media, citizen-journalists are telling their stories and those of others from #Wuhan and other locked-down virus zones in  …
A leading expert has claimed that the Wuhan coronavirus could infect 60% of the world. As the world escalates its fight against the disease - China has removed key functionaries in Hubei. @palkisu brings you the latest updates with @Yunfei_Zh in Wuhan and @PaddyFok in 
#China #Wuhan An allegedly diseased #WuhanCoronavirus patient was moved onto a van full of bodies. - A woman was crying desperately in the background. - Workers in hazmat suits tossed their used gloves into uncovered rubbish bins in the residential area.  …
WATCH: Cities in China's Hubei province, including #Wuhan, carry out disinfection operations to curb the 
#coronavirus: At least 500 Wuhan medical staff infected with coronavirus Medical sources in the city confirm rate of infection, but say they have been told not to release the full picture to the public So far 3 deaths among medical workers are confirmed  …
The 1st American evacuated from #Wuhan with a confirmed case of the #Coronavirus was released from a hospital after a test initially showed the person was not infected, #Health officials said. After a positive test, the person was returned to the  …
The Chairs urge the #Chinese gov’t to disclose the whereabouts/release citizen journalist #ChenQiushi who disappeared after reporting on the #coronavirus in #Wuhan. Transparency is key to addressing a global health crisis, not censorship or repression. See  …
The Wuhan coronavirus poses a “very grave threat for the rest of the world” even though most cases are currently in China, says the head of the World Health Organization 
He was a citizen journalist who defied the Communist Party's monopoly on information by fearlessly covering the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. Now, Chen Qiushi has disappeared. We spoke to one of his friends to find out what happened to him. 
with the dire situation in Wuhan right now, everyone involved in our zine is trying our best to raise as much as possible to donate to the Wuhan situation. All proceeds will go towards sending medical supplies to Wuhan, so any and all support is greatly greatly appreciated  …
This isn't an ambulance, it is a body collection service in #Wuhan and this is isn't the first stop of the day, #coronavirus #covid19  …
A Pakistani man who is stuck in Wuhan, China is appealing to his government to evacuate him, telling CNN that his father has died since he has been stuck in the city. 
Li Wenliang was the first to sound the alarm on a new SARS-like virus in Wuhan, but was accused of "spreading rumors" and quickly silenced. He later caught the virus and passed away. I hope that people in China can one day have justice and freedom of speech. 
Names matter. The novel #Coronavirus has how been named #Covid. Important to distinguish it from the many other coronaviruses which circulate, whilst avoiding stigmatising a whole city forever by naming it after Wuhan.
Chinese student sneaks out of locked-down Wuhan and hitchhikes to Shanghai 'so he could catch a plane to the US' 
Chinese video blogger detailing life — and death — amid coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan disappears, allegedly “forcibly quarantined” 
In the December 2019 photo they’re wearing “masks”! Don’t be fooled! They wore them to avoid facial recognition!!! This is a tragic scenario. God Bless the people of Wuhan China May the powers that be go str8t to Hell #WWG1WGA #QAnon #Q #WWG1WGA_WORLDWIDE #CoronaWuhan
“At least 500 hospital staff in Wuhan had been infected with the deadly new strain of coronavirus by mid January”  …
Wuhan Coronavirus. This is happening in China. Three dead kids were being put in the same corpse bag in a hospital, apparently due to shortage of supply. 
I just signed this petition urging the White House to save two heroic Chinese men, #ChenQiushi CHENQiushi and #FangBin Bin kidnapped by #CCP for recording and spreading truth about #Wuhan #coronavirus . Please help to sign and share with others! 
A Chinese lawyer who had been documenting the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has not been seen or heard from since last week, and friends and family say they fear he may have been forcibly quarantined by the Chinese government. 
<massive sarcasm font> So since I live in Florida, I'm, like, safe from the Wuhan coronavirus, right? Because it's warm. Mango Mussolini said so, and he's a very stable genius, right?
Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals #corornavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Chen Guangcheng backed up his story of Communist Party officials welding doors shut with videos posted online from Wuhan. 
The first US evacuee from China known to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a San Diego hospital after an initial test found the person had not been infected, local health officials said Monday. 
At least 500 Wuhan medical staff infected with coronavirus  … via @scmpnews "the sources said doctors and nurses had been told not to make the total public" doesn't give confidence in the official figures
SPONSORED: #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan @owishemwe, a Ugandan student in Wuhan, China talks to us about the situation in Wuhan and how he and other students are coping in the epicentre of the Coronavirus Watch via 
These days all our thoughts and prayers goes to the brave people of Wuhan, China . Their suffering is our suffering. But there are bright spots. Watch this virus infected mother seeing her newborn girl for the first time! A mother’s love ! 
Official name of the new coronavirus announced: #COVID19. Purposely no link in the name to China or Wuhan to avoid the stigma  with being associated with an outbreak. @WHO
Breaking news: The @WHO has named the new coronavirus: COVID-19. This is important on a few fronts. Perhaps most importantly: Having a name can stop people from using other stigmatizing names (i.e. the "Wuhan" virus).  …
 Wuhan appears to have 70 micrograms/m3 of particulate matter, the *most* polluted areas of the US around 16-18 micrograms/m3. Americans also smoke about a quarter as many cigarettes per capita. Won’t stop the virus from spreading here, but may make it less severe.  
A citizen journalist has disappeared in China while documenting & criticizing handling of coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan. Never take your freedom for granted. Some of you call your president a “Nazi” without fear. Do you get how lucky you are? I hope so. 
At 6:17 AM today, 130 Canadians and 58  family members travelling on the Government of Canada's second chartered plane from #Wuhan, arrived at @CanadianForces Base 
This man was posting the truth about Wuhan Police started tracking him He had tears in his eyes saying he’s not afraid of the Chinese Communist Party Then he got ‘quarantined’ w/o any symptoms His family cant find him And Leftists  in the US? Shameful  …
In an interview with @cgtnafrica, the top diplomat to @Awalekullane talks about the state of Somali nationals studying / residing in #Wuhan; government’s response to #CoronaVirusOutbreak and his solidarity message to the People’s Republic of #China. 
The first group of Americans evacuated from Wuhan because of coronavirus will be released from quarantine today if they're not showing symptoms. No one in the group has tested positive for the virus. 
Wuhan church brothers and sisters distributed masks and preached the gospel for free on the street  …
Real-time captured LIVE (at the time of processing by satellite) data courtesy of @sentinel_hub shows Sentinel-5P SO2 (Sulphir Dioxide) readings over #Wuhan, #China on the 9th Feb to be low and nothing abnormal. Image Overlay: Sent. 5 > Sent. 2 > Google Earth 
Citizen Journalists Who Exposed Beijing's Lies In Wuhan Have Suddenly Vanished 
Human trials to begin in Wuhan for a drug that has shown positive results vs coronavirus in lab testing. Here’s hoping that the result in the lab can be replicated in real life.  …
The 1st batch of 28 cured novel #coronavirus #pneumonia patients has been discharged from a shelter hospital in #Wuhan on Tuesday 
The Wuhan coronavirus poses a “very grave threat for the rest of the world” even though most cases are currently in China, says the head of the World Health Organization 
Gg! Wow Chen JiaYing of SNH48 Team NII (2nd generation), she continues her dedicated work as a nurse in Shanghai during this troubled time of the Wuhan coronavirus epidemic 
The Wuhan coronavirus poses a “very grave threat for the rest of the world,” the head of the World Health Organization said Tuesday at the start of a two-day meeting in Geneva on the outbreak. 
The coronavirus death toll passed 1,000 in China, after 100+ deaths recorded in a single day. What we know: Mortality rate is still relatively low (2.4%) 99% of cases in mainland China WHO warned of "grave" global threat after some cases not linked to Wuhan 
Dancing  daily routine for patients with minor symptoms at a temporary hospital in Wuhan, China. 
28 coronavirus patients have recovered and been discharged from a makeshift hospital in Wuhan – the first batch since the hospital started receiving patients with mild coronavirus symptoms on Feb. 5. 
Official News reports: latest Levels of sulphur dioxide is high in Wuhan, China, caught by a satellite. This could be due to burning of large number of Body #coronavirus #corornavirus #coronavirusarv #CoronellVirus #China 
The MS Westerdam, which has more than 2,000 people on board, has now been denied entry by at least four different ports over fears of the Wuhan coronavirus. No cases of the virus have been confirmed on the ship. 
Wuhan professors call for freedom of speech after death of Li Wenliang. 
Breaking - According to @CCTV, the Central Government’s task force for handling #coronavirus epidemic is now questioning the deputy mayor of #Wuhan and another high level official after the television station exposed how works related to transferring patients with severe ... 
#BREAKING: A second Canadian plane carrying evacuees from Wuhan, China has landed at Canadian Forces Base Trenton in southern Ontario. 
"China is hiding the real numbers of deaths" WION News (India) This report also notes the increased SO2 concentration around #Wuhan detected by satellite, which could be attributed to the burning of a large no of bodies & medical supplies. #coronavirus  …
#Wuhan, capital of #Hubei province, is the largest city in central China, an economic, industrial and transportation hub for both the region and country. @visit_wuhan @hubei #WuhanJiayou #FuerzaWuhan 
India's first patient tested positive for the coronavirus in Kerala is now in a stable condition and recovering at the Thrissur Medical College. The medical student, who returned from Wuhan in China, is admitted in isolation ward. #coronavirus #Kerala 
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” Chen Qiushi has since gone missing after reporting on the #coronavirus in #Wuhan. Censorship is a very serious business in 
Under lockdown, many Wuhan residents rely on delivery drivers like Zhang Hao, who risks infection as he zips around the city by moped to deliver groceries and supplies. In return, some customers treat him as a potential virus carrier. @stuwoo 
These are the heroes of Wuhan. This is the story of the volunteers who are risking their own health in order to save others. #askWHO #knowthefacts #coronavirus @WHO 
Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals 
Wuhan can feel a little end-of-times. Still I was surprised  across Christian evangelists in one neighborhood cheerfully handing out leaflets and painfully flimsy masks. 
Coronavirus is less deadly than the flu. This flu season was no slouch killing 7% of everyone who came down with It. Coronavirus has as high as a 5% mortality rate In Wuhan, & <1% in most other countries. Old people, those w/ pre-conditions, & infants are at highest risk.  …
Unmanned technology brings its talent into the battle against #2019nCoV. In central China’s Wuhan, autonomous vehicles delivered medical supplies. Click and find out more. 
Yuqi made a donation of 1,500 masks and protective clothing to the Wuhan region. Reminding us to give and help others! #GIDLE 
What's it like in  in Wuhan, China, as the city is fighting novel #coronavirus? Follow Xinhua reporter Xu Yang to explore residential units in  and witness impact of the 
Trucks used to spray disinfectant have been patrolling the streets of #Wuhan since Sunday. Local authorities are scheduling these trucks in the city twice a day to contain the spread of the virus. #coronavirus 
I have received dozens of messages from distressed students in Wuhan(China) in the last few days. They need to be evacuated, other countries have evacuated their Students and these Ghanaian students are “stranded”. I hope the Ghanaian authorities help them out ASAP. #dumelogives
“I'm afraid. In front of me is the virus and behind me is the legal and administrative power of China.” Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi was reporting on the #coronavirus in Wuhan for the past few weeks until he suddenly went missing. More @business:  
Bravo! Expat musicians in China decided to rewrite and record this Michael Jackson song for Wuhan!  …
LIVE: Fully recovered patients are discharged from a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, China  …
#Wuhan carries out disinfection operation amid 
Sweet Jesus! So this video is real and from Wuhan. China’s state owned media tweeting it out is a surprise. They must think it’s reassuring rather than terrifying.  …
Leaked audio call with a Wuhan funeral home staff. Gives a view on the true numbers.. it is much much higher Full  
The Duterte Admin, in recent numbers: 6,000 = PH-made face masks given to Wuhan, China instead of Filipinos #coronavirusPH 8,000-11,000 = ABS-CBN employees who will be jobless 17,000 = Angkas riders who are now jobless ~30,000 = Innocents killed by EJK #YEStoDuterteShutdown
Director of Level 4 Canadian Biolab that sent CoronaVirus samples to WUHAN (in July) has died... Frank Plummer didn’t kill himself.  …
Sulphur dioxide emissions which are produced when bodies are burned reach alarming levels in Wuhan 
Doctors in Beijing carry out 5G teleconsultation services with a hospital in Wuhan to battle the novel #coronavirus pneumonia 
Japan has so far evacuated 763 people on flights from Wuhan (source: Japan Times). 12 of those people have tested positive for coronavirus (source below). 12/763=1.57% 1.57% of entire Wuhan population would be 172,700 people  …
Hot Idol posts that Yuqi has donated protective clothing and masks to Wuhan 
Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals 
[Media] Many celebs, athletes and organizations sent donations to  Coronavirus outbreak like David Beckam, Inter Milan, Sun Yang, Bayer Leverkusen and Jungkook China, called the biggest fanbase in China related to BTS that donated 7500 usd to the  
this woman is a DEVIL ,, #Wuhan  …
China Daily: Patients stay optimistic, entertained at Wuhan hospital Reality: 
The first US evacuee from China known to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a San Diego hospital 
How #Wuhan hospital workers work amid 
Eight days in Wuhan, cut off from the world. An @AFP team @hectorretamal, @LeoRamirezAFP and @SebRicciAFP arrived in Wuhan the day the city went under lockdown, and over the next 8 days captured remarkable images of shock, resignation, despair and bravery  
In Wuhan, and other Chinese cities, millions of people are all but confined to their homes as authorities enforce an unprecedented lockdown to fight the spread of coronavirus. Some people are afraid; some are bored; but many are uniting to help each other 
#coronavirus: Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in #Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals People have been asking about him for several days now. No response from the government so far.  …
“The world is watching the heroic struggle of #Wuhan and #China against this epidemic,” says former President of Slovenia @_DaniloTurk. As rapid urbanization and global warming are creating conditions for new viruses, it is high time for international cooperation. 
A total of 108 people in mainland China died from the Wuhan coronavirus on Monday, according to the country's National Health Commission (NHC), marking the first time the single-day death toll has crossed into triple digits. 
No one in the first group of Americans evacuated on a flight from Wuhan, China, has tested positive for coronavirus, health officials said a day before their quarantine expires 
Indian envoy describes evacuation of Indians from virus-hit Wuhan a logistical nightmare Data had to be collected about Indians stranded in the virus-hit areas. Followed by more stringent measures including cancellation of visas. #JobWellDone  …
ok good news out of bad, a china doctor been involved in organs harvesting died of wuhan virus yesterday,possibly try stealing an infected kidney... 
The number of deaths from the Wuhan coronavirus had risen to over 1,000 by Tuesday morning, as experts from the World Health Organization arrived in China to assist with controlling the epidemic. 
#TodaysSpecialPeople on the #SanyuBreakfast Our special thought this morning goes to all Ugandans stuck in Wuhan, China. Wuhan is the area that has been badly hit by Coronavirus. They say, they have limited food & starvation is at peak! They need evacuation! 
Billionaire Whistleblower: Wuhan Coronavirus Death Toll Is Over 50,000 based on the number of bodies their furnaces are burning.  …
More than 40 people were quarantined after a 32-year-old architect who passed through Wuhan fell sick. Exactly when and where he picked up the virus is unclear. 
This scary "red map" used by @Sunrise to show the movement of "60,000 Wuhan residents" fleeing the city is actually an illustration of the worldwide airport network (google it). #FakeNews #racism #Sinophobia #coronvirus  
Send Jared to Wuhan to solve this.
Ground zero: Eight days in Wuhan, cut off from the world. For eight days, an @AFP team covered the chaos caused by the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, witnessing how life in the Chinese city of 11 million has been turned upside down 
Notice how not only are POTUS and Q silent on the issue But so are the Democrats. I mean, maybe I missed Nancy pelosi talking about Wuhan. Maybe Adam Schiff had something to say but it got lost in the shuffle.  …
#China official #coronavirus NoS continue to rise: dead 1017; definitely infected 42,708; additional cases prob infected 21,675; recovered 4000. Good news is that, outside #Hubei Province, the infected rate has now dropped for 7 days. Inside #Hubei, esp #Wuhan, sounds terrible
Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals 
A dance therapy: Patients and doctors at a makeshift hospital in Wuhan enjoy a square dance, an effective way for sound mental health during this tough period of anti- #coronavirus battle. 
A much watch. Too much information revealed! Exclusive: Wuhan funeral home staffer reveals real death toll of 
JUST IN: A 13th person in the US has tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus, a spokesman for the CDC says. The patient arrived in the US last week on a flight from Wuhan and has been held at the University of California, San Diego Medical Center. 
Patients were dancing at a makeshift hospital in Wuhan. With optimism like this, I am sure that they will recover as soon as possible! 
Looks like the Chinese aren't happy with those hospitals that they built in 2 weeks for sick with the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. Still looks like a healthier place than that #DiamondPrincess cruise ship in 
Can't make this shit up LMAOOO Asked a supplier on Ali if they could ship product - "our warehouse location is very far from the affected area" Found their biz information Looked up their address - IT'S IN FUCKING WUHAN Now every product on their store is unavailable 
Medical staff in Wuhan posing with the Xiaozhan Studio logo, more than even the donated supplies the logo gives them his energy and encouragement 
Through Darkness Comes Light! Concerned about infecting her family, a doctor in Wuhan battling novel #coronavirus outbreak insisted on walking to work at midnight. But her husband followed her in his car and escorted using the 
GOT7's Mark Sends Good Luck To Wuhan People To Fight The Virus  … #Mark #GOT7 @GOT7Official
No one in the first group of Americans evacuated on a flight from Wuhan, China, has tested positive for coronavirus, health officials said a day before their quarantine expires 
The new virus case in San Diego was an adult who was on one of the evacuation flights from Wuhan to the US  …
Chinese journalist reporting on coronavirus outbreak from Wuhan has been missing since February 6. Chen Qiushi's family and followers suspect he has been forcefully quarantined as government crackdowns on whistleblowers 
Outing the Outbreak: @DrMarcSiegel says China has suppressed information regarding the Coronavirus. #CoronavirusOutbreak “Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program.” ~WashingtonTimes #Wuhan 
Disinfection in #Wuhan 
Incubation period of #nCoV may be longer than you expect. A woman in North China's Shanxi Province was diagnosed with #nCoV 42 days after returning from #Wuhan. 
Citizen Journalists Who Exposed Beijing's Lies In Wuhan Have Suddenly Vanished 
2/10 #coronavirus Wuhan quarantine center is the concentration camp that takes away both life and money. That’s why people would rather risk their lives felling off the high rise, but not going to the quarantine center. This is their final right to say NO to CCP 
“90% of our employees are working 24/7… Every day, we need at least 100 body bags.” Workers at crematoriums in #Wuhan say their workload has increased dramatically in recent days, constantly picking up bodies from hospitals and private homes.  …
Statement from the Committee to Protect Journalists on Chen Qiushi, the citizen journalist who disappeared while covering the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan 
Here's my theory: China is ticked off at Hong Kong. There's been some evidence this corona-virus was engineered in a Gates Foundation Laboratory in China, so that it would not show symptoms for 2 weeks. Thus, it became weaponized in Wuhan. Scary thought, I know.
The global death toll from Wuhan coronavirus has passed 1,000, according to authorities. More than 40,000 people have been infected. Follow the latest updates: 
Over 1,000 deaths reported from #coronavirus since outbreak in #Wuhan. Today is the first day China has reported a decrease in percentage of new cases. If true the decrease likely because of what these trucks are spraying. This is an airborne/aerosol virus  – at The White House
Journalist missing in #Wuhan as anger towards Chinese authorities grows. This guys reports painted a worrying picture of the #coronavirus crisis at the centre of the outbreak and now he is silent/silenced. State censorship is a serious business in  …
Lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi vanished while documenting the coronavirus lockdown in Wuhan. He spent weeks filming patients and overrun hospitals 
Xi Jinping's visit to a Beijing neighborhood and video call with medical workers in Wuhan covers the entire front page of People's Daily on Tuesday, with his main instructions highlighted in red.  
#Wuhan Residents are pleading for help as the city’s overwhelmed #Healthcare system cannot  sick patients. Analysis suggests the true number of infections and death toll is far higher than officially  …
Doctor Lin Zhengbin, a well-known transplant expert at Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan, died on Feb 10 at the age of 62 from infection with #coronavirus, less than 1 month after he was 
Cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been confirmed in more than two dozen countries, and health officials are working to contain the spread. Here's a look at where the cases are throughout the world, according to World Health Organization data.  
New data on 3 cases in California - it seems one came from a GuangDong cluster in China, not from Wuhan. This means the risks extend beyond Hubei Province, which we know, but this confirms it.  …
Crude proportion of fatal #flu cases in US is 0.04-0.1%. The novel coronavirus proportion, among 591 cases outside of mainland China is 0.3%. It's higher among cases in Wuhan or Hubei or in selected cross-sections of the total, but we don't have enough milder cases accounted for  …
@SenSchumer Oh, where to start. Yes, you are a rat so you'll fit right in with that theme. Wuhan is most likely in need of a liaison to help us get the facts as to what is going on there. You should apply for the position, your boots on their ground. Just a suggestion. TRuMP2020  …
Thank you @owishemwe for being true to yours and other Ugandans in Wuhan’s cause. Hopefully your Government does the right thing by you. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan Be sage!
China claimed—for almost two months—that coronavirus had originated in a Wuhan seafood market. That is not the case. @TheLancet published a study demonstrating that of the original 40 cases, 14 of them had no contact with the seafood market, including Patient Zero. 
A thread... So today I got a chance to interact with a few Ugandans in Wuhan trying to understand their plight first hand as I interacted with a couple of MPs to ensure that the Parliament got to discuss about this issue and to get the Speaker involved #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Map released showing travels of 60,000 of the 5 million #Wuhan residence crossing all corners of the globe after fleeing before the quarantine of the epicenter. This is just the beginning of the #coronavirus pandemic,  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Inside #coronavirus quarantine zone: #Wuhan Union Hospital medical workers reveal the daily struggles 
The Post Millennial @TPostMillennial also ran my piece. 4000 people from Wuhan have probably entered Canada. Real death toll and infected numbers are much higher than what is reported by China. Let's take this #coronavirus pandemic  …
Chinese Communist Party general­ secretary Xi Jinping has sent 300 propagandists to Wuhan to “strengthen public opinion guidance”.  …
Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, is using hotels to screen suspected patients. 
Ahem, please see title page (ALSO: fascinating work by @JinXunGoh looking at reactions to the "Wuhan virus" unfolding in near-real time)  
HIGH sulphur dioxide levels in quarantined Wuhan and Chongqing could signal mass cremations, it’s been claimed. This satellite map which was captured at the weekend shows very high levels of sulphur dioxide (SO2) in the city of WuhanCredit:  
world's most populated city!! Can you believe this?? Shanghai, deserted....streets stay empty Is rest of world is ready for such an emergency??? It is high time UN start working on  deadly Coronavirus outbreaks. #coronavirus #coronovavirus #Wuhan #china 
Report: Wuhan Province Cremating Hundreds per Day While China Reports Dozens of Virus Deaths 
There are concerns about the global spread of #coronavirus, with a new map showing the predicted movements of 60,000 Wuhan residents who fled the Chinese city before it was placed into lockdown. 
I traveled through Asia last year and fell in love with the Eastern culture. Also, my boyfriend is Asian and is such an amazing person. To see people reduce China/Asia to what has been happening in Wuhan, is heartbreaking. I see and love you, my fellow Eastern friends.
China's Wuhan aims to test all suspected cases of coronavirus by tomorrow  
President Xi Jinping: The fight against #2019nCoV is at a critical juncture, and we must win the battles of Hubei and Wuhan. The whole nation is standing with Hubei people. Our triumph in Hubei and especially in Wuhan will pave the way for our victory across the country.  …
Video: Authorities have started full-front disinfection work in Wuhan, China, to stop the spread of the coronavirus. 
OP:  China might be the 1st country to ban netizens from posting lyrics of the national anthem to social media upon public fury over Dr. Li’s death in Wuhan. I mean, look at that, aren’t the lyrics “sensitive”? “Arise, ye who refuse to be slaves!” 
In Wuhan, and other Chinese cities, millions of people are all but confined to their homes as authorities enforce an unprecedented lockdown to fight the spread of coronavirus. Some people are afraid; some are bored; but many are uniting to help each other 
Update on the second Canadian flight from #Wuhan: The plane has departed with 185 passengers on board. It will stop to refuel in Vancouver and then continue onward to @CanadianForces Base #Trenton.
I met 4 Chinese girls in Rishikesh. Their visas are getting expired on 15th Feb. 2 of them are from Wuhan which  locked down. They can’t go back to parents, they got themselves blood tested also, still they were denied their visa extention. We should help them.
President Xi makes his first public appearance since Coronavirus outbreak. In Beijing. Premier Li with Wuhan duty. 
#China Lin Zhengbin, a human organ transplant specialist from Wuhan Tongji Hospital, died of #WuhanCoronavirus today. It is believed that Lin was involved in live organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners and political prisoners in #China.  
me: yeah my uber driver said he was from wuhan and recently in wuhan 3 inbreeds on twitter: “that’s racist” me: 
Another video from inside the #Fangcang "Hospital" in #Wuhan, which were converted from sports & exhibition centers to quarantine #coronavirus patients with minor symptoms #coronaviruschina #CoronavirusOutbreak #方舱医院 内部视频。 #武汉肺炎 
#China #Wuhan woman was caught on CCTV to sneakily spat on her neighbors' doorknobs and in the hallway. Allegedly she had infected many people with #WuhanCoronavirus in  There were at least 30 confirmed cases in   
#Gravitas | The dragon is struggling in its fight against the #Wuhan virus. With more than 40,000 cases and over 900 people dead - the situation is now getting worse. @palkisu tells you the 5 reasons why #China is failing in its fight against the 
Coronavirus: Volunteers rush to help pets trapped in locked-down Wuhan  …
India's first confirmed coronavirus patient, a student from Thrissur, Kerala who was studying in Wuhan, China, has now tested negative for the virus. 
President Xi Jinping of China, who has been notably absent since the coronavirus outbreak began, on Monday donned a surgical mask to visit a hospital and a government office in Beijing. He also joined a videoconference with health workers in Wuhan.  
Virus can't put out the passion for life! Video shows #coronavirus infected patients with mild syndromes isolated in a temporary hospital in #Wuhan taking up dancing. 
Large-scale #coronavirus disinfection operation in #Wuhan 
The outbreaks of both the Wuhan coronavirus and SARS likely started in Chinese wet markets. Photos show what the markets look like. Notice the cooked dog on the left side of picture. #coronovavirus  
Once the heat of April gets here we'll be safe from Wuhan virus but that's when windy season picks up, have to watch out for the windmill cancer.
Just spoke with Ashwini Patil a resident of Satara who is stranded in Wuhan as her passport is stuck with VFS Global for stamping. @DrSJaishankar @MEAIndia @EOIBeijing Please ensure her quick and safe return back home.  …
Wuhan officials discover 1,499 critically ill coronavirus patients through door-to-door health checks 
Chinese authorities must immediately account for the whereabouts of journalist Chen Qiushi, and ensure that the media can cover the #coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan without fear of retribution.  …
As China remains largely closed due to Wuhan virus outbreak w many factories having no clue when they'll be able to reopen, US investors are still underestimating the damage it will do to global growth & corp profits in 2020.
Another Chinese woman,who got infected with virus was spotted spitting on elevators to spread the coronovirus to infect innocent neighborhoods.This only can be seen in China under atheists,inhumane regime. #wuhan #coronvirus #uighur #china #uyghur #ChinaWuHan 
A new study on #coronavirus found 41% of the 1st 138 #nCoV patients at one hospital in Wuhan were infected at the hospital. In @CNN I discuss what that means, what we need to do now, and what more we need to 
“Go to Wuhan! Go to the front!" 20,000 medical staff&volunteers from the whole country & army rushed to Wuhan to fight #NCP. New hospitals with 10,000 beds were put into use. Number of new cases outside Hubei in China drops for a 6th day. The  into a decisive 
"BREAKING NEWS Prime minister Boris Johnson appoints former speaker John Bercow as ambassador to the city of Wuhan in China. More to follow"
Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Ditan Hospital in Beijing for a teleconference with doctors in Wuhan on Monday.  amid public anger over the death of eye doctor Li Wenliang  …
‘Polluted air’ could be an important cause of Wuhan pneumonia - Khmer Times  …
Meanwhile, in Wuhan, #China:  … #coronavirus
Of all the patients confirmed to have the Wuhan coronavirus in mainland China, 8.2% have been cured, according to officials at the country's National Health Commission 
Students from various universities in Wuhan explained their problems to SAPM @sayedzbukhari during the conference call today, including the food availability and evacuation of high risk persons. 
These Christians understand eternity and that this life is but a blink; so they  boldly out from “underground” to share the saving gospel! Pray for them! May we all sense an URGENCY to tell others about Jesus TODAY! #Wuhan  …
Full-front disinfection work has started in #Wuhan, an effort to contain the spread of 
Congratulations to @RepAdamSchiff for being named Ambassador to Wuhan China !! He looks surprised !! 
Cameroonian student in Wuhan who was diagnosed with the Coronavirus (the only African National so far)  his treatment. The gentleman will now be in observation for 2 weeks. (Video shared with permission) 
Trending on Weibo: Students' belongings thrown from their dorm rooms into a courtyard below. The school, Wuhan Vocational College of Software Engineering,  by the government to house sick #coronavirus patients.  
Chinese Ambassador to Pakistani students in Wuhan and Hubei province:Dear brothers and sisters, please do not panic. Both Pakistan and China are with you, and you will be well attended. #coronvirus @ImranKhanPTI @SMQureshiPTI @zfrmrza @ForeignOfficePk 
We all owe him our gratitude, because Dr. Li Wenliang was one of the only eight Wuhan whistleblowers who warned the public about the coronavirus outbreak. 
After a citywide inspection in #Wuhan on Feb 8, authorities confirm that 1499 critically ill patients infected with #coronavirus had been isolated at home, yet were not hospitalized. All 1499 patients are now hospitalized: CPC party chief of Wuhan 
WATCH: Cities in China's Hubei province, including #Wuhan, carry out disinfection operations to curb the 
One individual rescued from Wuhan is threatening to escape UK quarantine and because of that person the imminent danger level is raised causing panic throughout homes across the country. Send them back then. Simple.
On Feb 2nd, #WuQian’s studio (Qian is a Wuhan native) updated that they’ve donated medical supplies to hospitals urgently requiring them, including 40,000 masks, 400 barrels of disinfectant and more. They’ve also thanked Wuhan University and other volunteers for their help. 
The Wuhan virus deals a reality check to President Xi Jinping’s inflated reputation, writes Michael Auslin  …
Does this satellite image show the scale of China's coronavirus cremations? Sulphur dioxide emissions which are produced when bodies are burned reach alarming levels in Wuhan. Satellite maps showed high SO2 levels in quarantined Wuhan and Chongqing 
Does that mean that in Wuhan some of the deaths have been because there were not enough ventilators or oxygen for the sick? If so, that is important for other governments' planning efforts. (14/x)
#CoronavirusOutbreak At first, only one or two patients were dancing at a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, but then more patients joined in... 
The Chinese think their white, Malays are brown and Indians are black. But in actual fact, the Malays are light brown, Indians are brown and Chinese are Wuhan.
Chinese journalist Chen Qiushi has disappeared while reporting on the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan 
Coronavirus-fighting nurses cut hair short before heading to Wuhan to aid the battle against the epidemic. 
Caixin - More Wuhan Doctors Say They Faced Official Backlash Over Virus Warnings  …
Chrystia Freeland attends event (2016) for 10th anniversary of sister-city relationship between Markham, ON and Wuhan, China. .  
Hong Kong’s richest man donates $13 million to coronavirus battle in Wuhan 
This is a humanitarian crisis: Police are legal to apply brutality to  people as per their rude and unorganized Anti-Wuhan-nCoV2019 measurements. See the lady in red who wanted to escape from 'hunting' by climbing to apartment above to her home... 
#CoronavirusOutbreak A look inside #Wuhan's makeshift hospital 
President Xi Jinping of China, who rarely mingles with the public, visited Beijing to oversee efforts to contain the coronavirus outbreak. He also spoke to medical workers in Wuhan via video conference. 
For hundreds of Americans, this is what it was like to flee Wuhan 
. @FDRLST Please share the story of Dr #LiWenliang. To an extent, we all owe him our gratitude, because Dr. Li was one of the only 8 Wuhan whistleblowers who warned the public about the #coronavirus. He sacrificed his life for telling #truth  …
Nothing can stop them from dancing! Optimistic patients with mild symptoms caused by the #coronavirus dance at a temporary hospital in Wuhan 
Wuhan, center of novel #coronavirus outbreak, receives 5,787 airborne medics in one day  
Canadian charter plane departs Hong Kong for Wuhan, China. 236 Canadians have said they want to board. Flight time to Wuhan estimated to be 90 minutes; plane expected to arrive at about 10:45 pm local time (9:45 am ET). Previous story: 
#Uganda #Coronvirus Updates @mkainerugaba Patriotism isn't only fighting. Its LOVING your ppl. Countries a evacuating their ppl from #China. Can u imagine your status if u led campaign to get #Ugandans back from china! Thats patriotism not imaginary enemies #NBSUpdates #Wuhan 
Now they’re taking it serious. They should’ve banned inbound flights from China weeks ago! #wuhan 
CHINA'S WUHAN PARTY CHIEF SAYS CITY STILL NOT COMPLETED CONFIRMING ALL EXISTING SUSPECTED CASES
Chen Qiushi spoke out about the Wuhan virus. Now people fear he's been silenced - CNN  … I hope he is okay. He was speaking out about the virus. Chinese authorities didn’t like it.
Authorities in China are reportedly spraying disinfectant in Wuhan to contain the #coronavirus spread, which has killed more than 900 people. Latest updates:  
Despite fanfare and record building speeds, Wuhan’s new hospitals are FAR below capacity. Huoshenshan touted 1,000 beds, had only 286, 0 vacancies. Leishenshan touted 1,500 beds, opened Saturday with just 30, according to city data. #coronavirus #2019nCo  …
Because of frontline PPE shortages, Wuhan medical staff has had to get creative. Doctor Cui built his own portable, positive pressure air hood. It provides full coverage against pathogens while having high enough airflow to prevent fogging. Great hack. Jiā yóu! 
Of all the patients confirmed to have the Wuhan coronavirus in mainland China, 8.2% have been cured, according to officials at the country's National Health Commission 
Square dancing is popular in China, esp among older ladies, for social / entertainment / health reasons, and it's nice to see some NCP patients in the Wuhan shelter hospital apparently continuing their daily exercise like this #coronavirus #wuhan 
BREAKING NEWS Donald Trump shows he is willing to turn the other cheek and appoints Mitt Romney Ambassador to Wuhan China 
‘The Pandora's box has been open’: Interview with doctors and nurses at #Wuhan hospital for severe #coronavirus 
Shanghai, Chongqing also locked down as Wuhan... | Taiwan News 
#BoyangJin 200210 weibo updated "4CC2020 ended nowIt’s time to get ready for the WC Wish my motherland will get ahead of the coronavirus soon! Fight Wuhan! Fight China! Pay my respects to everyone who is fighting on the front lines" #ボーヤン 
Wuhan, China, is surviving and staying relatively orderly thanks in large part to its working class: people sent out to collect trash, clean streets, work in supermarkets. @ChuBailiang went to Wuhan and described how people are coping under lockdown. 
The good people of China have lost trust in the CCP. Barricading people into their own homes, arresting the hero doctors of Wuhan, then ordering the rank and file back to work on Monday? It looks like trust in govt (and even fear of govt) has been lost. @HuXijin_GT  …
Coronavirus: journalist missing in Wuhan as anger towards Chinese authorities grows | Coronavirus outbreak | The Guardian  …
“What kind of government is this?’ asks a family of three generations sickened by the coronavirus and desperate for care in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the center of the outbreak 
The UK has declared the Wuhan coronavirus a "serious and imminent threat to public health." The designation gives the government additional powers to prevent the further spread of the virus. 
Chen Qiushi, a citizen journalist who had been doing critical reporting from #Wuhan, the central Chinese city at the epicenter of the outbreak, went missing on Thursday evening, just as hundreds of thousands of people in #China began demanding freedom of speech 
The total number of deaths from the Wuhan coronavirus has topped 910, officially outpacing the global death toll from the SARS outbreak of 2003. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping inspected efforts to contain the Wuhan coronavirus in the capital Beijing on Monday, the first time he has appeared on the front lines of the fight against the outbreak. 
. @owishemwe deserves to be UOT's #MCM. Great job chief on championing #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan hashtag and throwing more light on the deadly Corona Virus. Prayers for you plus fellow countrymen in Wuhan 
Chinese official telling sick people that once they enter the quarantine building, they will not be allowed to leave. He repeatedly tells the people that they will have to take care of themselves inside as they don't have medical equipment. #WuhanVirus #Wuhan 
For the 2nd day,  aircraft flew close to #Taiwan. @iingwen urged Beijing to deal with the #Wuhan virus, not threaten the country militarily. Listen, H-6 bombers are useless against #Coronavirus. 
UPDATE - "The #coronavirus death toll has reached 900 people in six weeks. That is why we have asked for evacuation," Thomas Kanzira ( @owishemwe). Thomas has also been cautioned by a University official on giving interviews on his status in Wuhan. #NilePostNews 
Nearly 6,000 medical personnel from dozens of provinces and municipalities arrived in central China’s Wuhan on Sunday via 41 flights, marking the largest number of medics flying to the frontline in a single day since the #coronavirus 
It’s not #Wuhan where No.2 leader Li Keqiang went... but a potent image nonetheless  …
101 degree fever and my uber driver this morning deadass said he was from wuhan bro can i catch a break lmao
The patient, a 38-year-old woman who had traveled from Wuhan, China, has been discharged from the hospital. #nCoV  …
#Huoshenshan is a makeshift hospital that #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, recently built to treat patients. To support its construction, #CNPC subsidiary Kunlun Energy rerouted a 300-meter-long gas pipeline there within just one 
#Coronavirustruth, #coronaviruschina, #coronavirus, #WuhanCoronavius, #Wuhan,since not so good going outside, this's what people doing after dark in one block,let's party,yo,yo,put ur hands up! 
Huge new #nCoV2019 dataset on 1,099 patients from 552 hospitals across 31 Chinese provinces/municipalities (preprint): - Median 47y, 41.9% F - 1.18% direct contact with wildlife; 31.3% been to Wuhan; 71.8% had contact with people from Wuhan - Fever (87.9%) & cough 
#coronavirus #China censors its own national anthem People, outraged at what happened to doctor Li Wenliang at #Wuhan Hospital are singing the first line of the national anthem that says "Arise, ye who refuse to be slaves!" as a protest song This is big  
“I’m innocent, but implicated,” said Julie Zhong, a 24-year-old from Wuhan, China, of the treatment Wuhan residents have received. “It makes me really angry. Why are we being scapegoated for something that others did wrong?” 
The recovery rate for the novel #coronavirus has increased significantly from the figure announced on Jan 27, according to China's National Health Commission: - 1.3% to 8.2% across China - 1.7% to 6.1% in Hubei Province - 2.6% to 6.2% in Wuhan City 
SAPM @sayedzbukhari will be talking LIVE shortly witg students from : 1.Wuhan Uni 2.Wuhan Uni of Textile 3.Huazhong Agricultural Uni 4.China Uni of Geo Sciences, Wuhan 5.Jianghan Uni 6.Huazhong Uni of Science & Technology 7.Hubei Uni of Science & Technology 
VIDEO: @owishemwe says he has been cautioned by an official from his university about giving any interviews on the current situation in Wuhan. #NBSMorningBreeze 
"He could have saved millions of lives if the government had allowed him to tell the truth," said one person at a New York tribute to Wuhan's Dr Li Wenliang. R.I.P. #DrLiWenliang #CoronavirusOutbreak Your Hero #DrLiWenliang #中国加油 
VIDEO: @owishemwe, a Ugandan student in Wuhan on the current lock-down by the Chinese government. #NBSMorningBreeze 
Malaysian health officials have confirmed an additional case of the Wuhan coronavirus, bringing the country's total to 17. 
Coronavirus: journalist missing in Wuhan as anger towards Chinese authorities grows  …
Coronavirus may infect up to 500,000 in Wuhan before it peaks  weeks, according to scientists modeling its spread 
Hong Kong (CNN): As China races to contain the Wuhan coronavirus, a feat of design and engineering has unfolded at the outbreak's epicenter: A hospital built in just 10 days.  …
BREAKING: UK declares Coronavirus a ‘serious & imminent threat to public health’. New regulations made to delay or prevent further transmission of the virus. The UK has also designated Wuhan & Hubei province an ‘infected area’
Someone just shared their views on the Wuhan issue and it was blazinggg... " they do not care cause they do not connect. If they had kids there, they would try to show effort. We know it but we dont want to believe it" damn! #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Singapore is a racist country. Imagine if wuhan started from the malays confirm they treat us like rubbish
I've just seen @owishemwe 's TL, damn, its so sickening over what's happening to China and so damn sad that the gov't is doing absolutely nothing to help its people in Wuhan. So did someone cut these opposition groups tongues?
Nearly 100 people died from the coronavirus on Sunday, many of them in Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the epidemic. It was the single deadliest day since the outbreak began. Live updates: 
A citizen journalist who reported from Wuhan is missing - friends say he was forcibly quarantined. China must not use quarantine as a political tool to censor reporting on the coronavirus. If Chen Qiushi is in quarantine, the authorities must immediately reveal his whereabouts.  …
Use of excessive force. Appears as though she is paralyzed!! Chinese people do not want to be dragged to a Wuhan hospital... and, by hospital, I mean GRAVEYARD!!! Whatever is happening in China is out of control bc this biogenetic virus is #BIOWAREFARE!
The situation in Wuhan is unfortunate and extremely terrifying .we will pray for all our people in the lockdown city. evacuation into uganda would mean a total disaster for the country and continent. We do not have adequate medical capacity and resources to handle the pandemic !  …
Watching traffic data in Wuhan, Beijing and Shanghai as a proxy for economic activity. Will be interesting as China (ostensibly) gets back to work. 
We talk to @owishemwe live from Wuhan, China. He’ll talk to us about how he and the other students are coping in the epicenter of the Corona Virus. 
A UK national, Charlie Parker, talks about the situation in the city of Wuhan. 
. @owishemwe in Wuhan China: We are stranded in China. If it were up to us amidst what is happening, we would have left. After the directive was passed about 18 days ago, no planes or trains are moving in and out of Wuhan. #NBSMorningBreeze 
Malays always so stupid? nCoV originated from where? SARS where? Bird flu where? Your fcking ancestors from where? And we like to spread disease? Yall fcking Wuhan spread around the world. Australia Germany USA France Canada Uk And thats just a few out of 28! Countries.  …
"I didn't realise they would just die like that, so quickly and so easily." We spoke to Salia Yang from Wuhan who lost her mum and grandpa to coronavirus within 2 days of each other, after they struggled to get admitted to hospital. By Robin Yu & me  …
Exiled Chinese billionaire Guo Wengui said Sunday, citing leaked information out of Wuhan, that the coronavirus death toll could be as high as 50,000. (zero hedge) Pray that he's overestimating the scope of the  …
#Wuhan Tongji Hospital showed their gratitude on Sina Weibo to singer-actor #XiaoZhan #肖战 and his studio for the donation of medical equipment including ventilators. His action has won the praise of Chinese fans online. #coronavirus @xiaozhan911005 
In China right now, several lessons learned thanks to @nntaleb @normonics and @yaneerbaryam. Best wishes to everyone especially people in Wuhan 
In a supermarket in Wuhan where I did grocery shopping “We have supply every day, don’t jostle! Supermarket is always open, don’t stock up! Everyone stay calm, don’t panic! Crazily stocking up=overcrowded =giving the virus a chance” 
20. That brings us back to the Wuhan BSL4 facility. It's not even 3 years old & it's China's only BSL4. They are planning to build many more. Why do they need them? Sounds catastrophic for the people of China if they can't contain these things. #coronavirus #WuFlu #BioArmsRace
Want 2 weeks off work? Just tell your boss it was lovely in Wuhan but the food wasn't great...
REPORT OR FIND A MISSING PERSON: Where the fk are you now, Xi? #Chinazi #CCPChina #Wuhan #Beijing #ChinaPneumonia 
"The Death Rate Is Up To 5%": The Harrowing Admission Of A Wuhan Doctor |  …
After all the depressing news about Christian leaders last week, this story really blessed me. Chinese Christians are courageously taking to the streets in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, passing out masks & sharing God's love.  …
Food is available in Wuhan, but the closure of many shops makes it much harder for elderly people who don’t have care nearby. And of course many are afraid to step outside. 
Monday in Wuhan and there’s certainly no resumption of work here, though maybe a few more people on the street. Here’s @stevenleemyers on the latest developments. More from Wuhan during the day.  
Shocking clip shows suspected coronavirus carriers dragged from homes in Wuhan, China; Government forcefully putting people in quarantine; China GDP 1st Quarter only 1%. Estimated Dead 750, some reports up to 50,000 
United states pulls its citizens out of Wuhan...they are taking this virus way more seriously, look at their suits 
Journalism in the time of an epidemic. Readers Editor @CholamandalPann weighs in on criticism @the_hindu story on the Ebola study conducted by NCBS with funding from US DoD & collaboration from Wuhan Institute of Virology  …
Donated supplies going to waste in wuhan #coronavirus In crisis situations a decentralised distribution approach needs to be implemented as the current centralised setup is failing  …
He spoke out about the Wuhan virus. Now his family and friends fear he's been silenced-CNN Wuhan citizen journalist ‘missing’. China has been so transparent and helpful to global media, scientists,and leaders regarding the coronavirus! #WuFlu  …
A doctor who himself contracted the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus records a video to tell people how it feels like having 
Potential impact on global supply chain of drugs and medical supplies. Facilities in Hubei, #Wuhan, hot zone of virus crisis, make a lot of ingredients, says @ScottGottliebMD . #coronaviruschina  …
Two #nCoV2019 genomes from environmental samples gathered at the Huanan Seafood Market were just released on GISAID by China CDC. These cluster with early human infections from Wuhan  ). This would seem to confirm Huanan market as foci of 
So far #CoronaVirus 40,235 infected + 23,589 suspected cases 909 deaths About 2000 critical 3283 Discharged Spread to 27 countries 2 deaths outside China (HK,PHL) Stay Safe #CoronaOutbreak #China #Wuhan #LKA  
"He could have saved millions of lives if the government had allowed him to tell the truth," said one person at a New York tribute to Wuhan's Dr Li Wenliang. 
Its estimated over 50,000 pets were left alone in Wuhan when the owners left for their lunar new year, never expecting a Lockdown. 3 weeks later residents are breaking in homes Rescue any pets left behind. Prayers for the people of China 
The plot thickens. Canada’s first coronavirus Biosafety Level 4 Lab Director General Dr. Frank Plummer’s death makes people wonder if he was assassinated. He was the key person to the Wuhan coronavirus investigation. lab and shipped to China.  … @SolomonYue
This 32 yr-old lady in #Wuhan said both her and her parents have infected with #Coronavirus, her kids, a 3 yr-old and 1-month-old are now staying with her while she isolated at home. She said PRC govt been covered up the severity of the virus. 
2/9 #coronavirus Dean Koontz, in his 1981 novel “The Eyes of Darkness” mentioned China created a super virus “Wuhan-400”by a scientist called Li Chen in a research lab outside Wuhan to destroy a city or a nation. In reality, the scientist is Zhengli Shi, the lab is P4!OMG 
Live: Wuhan's Leishenshan Hospital, built for #coronavirus patients, is under  …
Meet the team smashing down doors to rescue #Wuhan's abandoned #pets - Some 2,000 household pets were left starving to death by residents trapped away from home by #coronavirus  …
As #CoronavirusOutbreak escalated in China, after #Wuhan lockdown, many civilians are now experiencing emotional breakdown. This lady was crying and tore down the warning signs, saying that “ppl are innocent’” Another guy said, “I dunno who to blame, I’m gonna explode!” 
video shows personal belongings left by students in winter holiday just got thrown out of window .... this is because Chinese gov wants to turn students apartments into quarantine space for #coronavirus patients. no dignity for people in China #Wuhan  …
WHAT COULD CHINA BE HIDING? - Wuhan citizen journalist Chen Qiushi reported missing for several days!!! WHAT DO YOU  …
‘MISSING IN WUHAN - Chinese citizen journalist who covered coronavirus outbreak disappears from Wuhan days after whistleblower doctor died’  …
Closing the barn door after the horse has run, Chinese authorities imposed a quarantine on Wuhan after five million people had already fled--many to avoid the quarantine, which was rumored. Their travel tracks the coronavirus spread. 
As China mourns the death of one coronavirus whistleblower, another outspoken citizen is missing from Wuhan — and his loved ones fear he's been silenced 
Report: Wuhan Province Cremating Hundreds per Day While China Reports Dozens of Virus Deaths  via @BreitbartNews
‘We Live in Fear Every Day:’ Burnt-Out Health Workers Prepare for the Worst in Wuhan  folk are waiting for death, those in Wuhan are left to live or perish on their own at home" "I don’t know what day my life will be over.."  … via @EpochTimes
Unreal! American writer Dean Koontz wrote about a scientist named Li Chen in the novel "Dark Eyes" (published 1981). Li defected to the USA & revealed that China had created a virus in the Wuhan Institute of Virology, called "Wuhan-400". A weapon to destroy a city or a country! 
A netizen in #Wuhan: Let me tell you what our feeling is now. A batch of chickens are in a cage of a restaurant. Everyday the  to get two out. We feel exactly like the chickens that are not taken yet. Watch the video to understand better. #Coronavirus 
“After Grandfather Zhang died, she said, he was taken away “like a dead pig or a dead dog.” - ⁦ @amyyqin⁩ in Wuhan with a heartbreaking account of one family devastated by the coronavirus.  …
#Coronavirus doesn't block love and contribution. These beautiful nurses volunteered to support #Wuhan and cut their hair to make their work more convenient. #武汉加油 #中国必胜 @quinnannette @EddyVasquezWao @CastaliaPascual 
I honestly believe that the coronavirus outbreak is much worse than China's letting on, 57m people in Hubei and 10m elsewhere are under lockdown, Foxconn's factories are shutdown, and Wuhan, one of China's foremost industrial cities, is paralyzed. 
Wuhan has the only biosecurity 4 Lab in China. Canadian Govt scientist under investigation: 4possible "policy breach" was invited to Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences 2x a year for 2years, for up to two weeks each time. 
(*American Humor) I just got word from my Chinafriend Dr. Dr. Wuhan I call him simply Wu. He told me there's 6 zillion deaths per day in the city. We fought during the Iraqi invasion together and won quite a bit of money betting on camel races. Strange time. I'll never forget it.
#coronavirus The CCP published death and infection number is junk. This number is now  with Wuhan Crematorium check- Hal Turner Radio Show - Coronavirus in China: 23 Million QUARANTINED, 2.8 Million Infected; 112,000 DEAD  …
WTF!! If this is true... #coronavirus #Wuhan 
Watch the Chinese ambassador's response to the question asking if there is any truth to the theory that the Wuhan Coronavirus is an engineered bioweapon. What he says has helped me make up my mind. What do you think? 
New case numbers from Hubei province: 2618 new cases (up from 2147 yesterday) 1921 new cases in Wuhan (up from 1379 yesterday) 91 deaths (new record, up from 81 yesterday)
Wuhan has been isolated Commerce has stopped Ppl not working Yet massive releases of sulfur dioxide Translation: The Chinese are cremating large amounts of people possibly dead from virus & under reporting casualties Care to discuss Q? #Qanon #coronavirus  …
Quarantined Wuhan residents are getting creative with fighting boredom. 
Chen Qiushi, a Chinese citizen journalist who covered the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, has gone missing.  …
#coronavirus Diary of a girl in Wuhan. As much as it looks like a creative writing project, it's real. Thousands of Chinese people responded and tried to send help, million follower reporter wrote about her, still her family died. Because there's simply too many patients. 
'Exiled Chinese billionaire Guo Wengui said Sunday, citing leaked information out of #Wuhan, that the death toll could be as high as 50,000, as Chinese officials burn bodies to cover up the true extent of the crisis.'  …
How a media photo of a #coronavirus patient reading a book at the Wuhan shelter hospital led to a sudden rise in popularity of @FukuyamaFrancis in China. Article by @bobbyfungmr:  
The governments of Britain and Brazil returned their citizens home after evacuating them from Wuhan over fears of the  …
Chen Qiushi, a citizen journalist who spread upclose accounts and videos of the #coronavirus crisis in Wuhan, China has been missing since Thursday. His family, friends and online followers believe he has been silenced by the Chinese government.  …
Can anyone explain to me why people think govt cares about what happens to the plebs? Compliments of Mao's descendents: 90% probability Wuhan 2019-nCoV virus originated as a result of a laboratory event  …
Citizen journalist doing reports from Wuhan about the #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak has disappeared. “Authorities told his family over the weekend that he had been forcibly quarantined in an undisclosed  …
Wuhan citizen journalist Chen Qiushi reported missing for several days  …
Chen Qiushi, a journalist who had been doing critical reporting from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, went missing on Thursday evening. Now his family and friends fear he's been silenced.  …
Amid Virus Outbreak, Funeral Home Officials in Wuhan Reveal Sharp Increase in Cremations  …
A convoy of buses carrying British evacuees from the Coronavirus epicenter Wuhan arrived at a hotel near London where passengers will be quarantined for two weeks. China's Virus Death Toll Surpasses SARS But New Cases Fall  
Have you traveled to/from Wuhan, China in the past 14 days? If so, please watch the video below and follow the advice from @PHE_uk and @NHSuk If you know someone who has traveled, please direct them to  #Coronavirus #Wuhan 
. @WHO mission to #Wuhan leaves Geneva. Long time WHO exec - and native of Newfoundland - Bruce Aylward heads the team.  …
OUTBREAK SPREADING: New video shows patients arriving at newly-built hospitals in Wuhan, China, as the country deals with the growing number of coronavirus cases, with the death toll from the coronavirus now surpassing fatalities from the SARS outbreak.  
Biloela family wait in Christmas Island limbo as Wuhan evacuees see out quarantine. “For Nades, Priya, and their two Australian-born children Kopika, 4, and Tharunicaa, 2, it has been 23 months since they have seen home, in Biloela”  …
If MAGA is correct and the Godly Donald Trump can do things that no mere mortal can, then the immortal Godly Donald Trump owes it to humanity to immediately fly out to Wuhan and stop the #coronavirus by himself, as only he can. We can reach no other conclusion.
Here's an inside look at the most quarantined ward in Wuhan's Union Hospital. 
The Mysterious Origin Of The Wuhan Coronavirus | Zero Hedge  …
During the corona virus, chinese police and government prohibit people from socializing without wearing a mask, even within the family, and playing mahjong. #coronavirus #china #policebrutality #mahjong #wuhan #kina #corona #sweden #Government #terror 
Shocking how those Wuhan officials quashed the freedom of speech found elsewhere in China  …
VIDEO: Chinese authorities remove floral tributes to Dr. #LiWenliang  #coronavirus #CCP #PRC #ChairmanXi #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus
On Chinese Twitter , there is a call to ask the US & the  to intervene directly in the #WuhanPnuemonia #CoronavirusOutbreak. Thread is full of Chinese users incl those from Wuhan calling for int'l intervention as they do not trust the Chinese CCP regime.  …
China is so deep into Mike Bloomberg's business empire that he doesn't even need a colonoscopy. Remember that Mike actually  and claimed that Xi, who is actively imprisoning Wuhan whistleblowers wasn't a dictator and cared about public opinion. Communism kills.  …
#Spain has confirmed its 2nd case of the new #Coronavirus and a plane evacuating more than 200 people from #Wuhan landed Sunday in Britain. The passengers were being taken to a hotel in Milton Keys where they will be #Quarantined for 14  …
As China mourns the death of one coronavirus whistleblower, another outspoken citizen is missing from Wuhan — and his loved ones fear he's been silenced 
What are the odds a Harvard scientist warns about new genetic manipulation 7 months ago and now Harvard’s Chemistry head is charged with lying about China ties and is now in custody for receiving 50k a month and $1.5mm+ to run a lab in FU*KING WUHAN?  …
More Shocking Revelations #Chinese Billionaire “Guo Wengui” aka “Miles Kwok” believes the newly constructed “hospitals” in #Wuhan, which were built in just 10 days, will be used as camps to round up those infected with the #coronavirus to be INCINERATED/CREMATED. 
Uncertainty in the coronavirus fatality rate. In the area of Wuhan is estimated at 2.8% but in other areas, only 0.18%. It may be because the number of cases in Wuhan is underestimated and the mortality erroneously increased:  … Image:  
A Japanese girl, 14, was seen raising money for China’s Wuhan, epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, at a Tokyo festival. “China is a warm-hearted country. I’d love to go to Wuhan and see the cherry blossoms there after the epidemic,” she said. #NCP  
Grateful for the warm words from our European neighbours as the final evacuation flight from Wuhan landed with over 200 passengers, including British and European nationals.  …
The central government appears to hope that making a scapegoat of Wuhan’s officials will help to restore calm 
A group of physicians in Wuhan, China, who treat #2019nCoV are going the extra mile to share their clinical experiences in the 
this is what happens When Chinese gov wants to turn uni students apartment into quarantine space for #coronavirus patients personal belongings left by students in winter holiday just got thrown out of window… speechless just barbaric！ #Wuhan credit 
In powerful show of defiance of #coronavirus scare, huge crowds gathering in NYC's Chinatown for ceremony ahead of annual #LunarNewYear parade. Chants of "be strong Wuhan!" If you are staying away, you are missing out! 
Chen Qiushi, citizen journalist who covered coronavirus outbreak, disappears in Wuhan - The Washington Post  …
Update on British citizens that have arrived in Milton Keynes after flight from Wuhan, China. Guests are in isolation, as a precautionary measure. Staff leaving the facility undertake appropriate decontamination. There is no risk to the public.  …
On Feb 8th, a video of a woman in Wuhan asking for help by striking gongs on the balcony went viral. Due to the overcrowding in the hospital, her mom, who is in critical condition, couldn't get hospitalized. After coordination, her mom is hospitalized on Feb 9th. 
Pakistan refuses to evacuate citizens stuck in coronavirus crackdown in Wuhan, China - The Washington Post  …
Good news, a few weeks from a peak. Bad news, 5% will get it ... prevalence of 5% equates to about 500,000 cumulative infections. That’s many times more than the 14,982 cases provincial health authorities had counted in Wuhan as of 8 p.m. Saturday.  …
He spoke out about the Wuhan virus. Now his family and friends fear he's been silenced. Chen Qiushi, a citizen journalist who had been doing critical reporting from Wuhan, the central Chinese city at the epicenter of the outbreak, went missing on Thursday.  …
The Mysterious Origin Of The Wuhan Coronavirus #coronaviruschina #Coronaviruscoverup #coronavirus  …
Chen Qiushi, a citizen journalist who had been doing critical reporting from #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, went missing on Thursday evening, just as hundreds of thousands of people in #China began demanding freedom of speech online.  …
Thesis I’m hearing: did chronic air pollution in China  lungs and make it easier for the virus? Wuhan doesn’t appear to have the *worst* air pollution. It’s normally #93 in China, #146 in world. But maybe it doesn’t need to be the worst, just bad. 
.@ambcuitianki, here’s what’s not a conspiracy, not a theory: Fact: China lied about virus starting in Wuhan food market  …
Remember the coronavirus whistleblowers: the Wuhan nurse, the crematorium doctors, Fang Bin, Li Wenliang, Chen Qiushi, Gao Fei. They have either died or gone to prison to tell the world the truth, don’t forget them. There are thousands more we will never know about #coronavirus
It must be burning #coronaviruschina dead bodies in Wuhan. Remember the official death toll is 811 in. @hu_jia, how many Chinese people would still believe this number? They saw drop dead bodies on streets. Like Chernobyl, lying only kills more Chinese   …
There are multiple reports that each day in #Wuhan--only one of #China's severely affected cities--there are hundreds of cremations. If these reports are accurate, the number of confirmed #coronavirus cases cannot be  …
you scared of Wuhan, I'm scared of Tuhan. We not the same
Wuhan whistleblower, now dead, on the result if he hadn’t been censored about the coronavirus: “If the officials had disclosed information about the epidemic earlier, I think it would have been a lot better. There should be more openness and transparency.“ 
He ducked Chinese authorities to report on coronavirus in Wuhan. Then he disappeared. 
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
Turned away by overwhelmed hospitals, every member of Bella Zhang's three-generation household in Wuhan has been sickened by the coronavirus, except her father. “Every day you’re living together," she said. “Of course he’s going to get it.” 
We met the Zhangs several days ago outside a hospital in Wuhan. The mother and her 2 children were all hooked up to IV drips. Their anger was palpable. Grandma had been waiting 12 days for a bed & in the meantime, the grandfather had died and 3 more family members were infected.
I’ve been in ITE for 2 damn years, and you’re going to give me a Grad like this? FUCK YOU WUHAN VIRUS
A Chinese citizen journalist who went viral for his reporting on coronavirus from Wuhan has gone missing, and his family says he's been forcibly quarantined  …
Wuhan under lockdown — in pictures  | 
"We’ve already lost one.” Three generations - all diagnosed with the coronavirus. Our latest from Wuhan, on how the virus has spread through entire families, leaving the sick to take care of the even sicker. w/ @elsiechenyi 
It's not only the whistleblower doctor whom Chinese authorities are censoring. Now a citizen-journalist who had been reporting criticially on the response to the Wuhan coronavirus has disappeared, supposedly quarantined even though he had no symptoms.  
Map location data from the Chinese tech giant Baidu shows travel out of the Chinese city Wuhan during Lunar New Year tracks with the early spread of the virus. 
Details on where millions of residents of Wuhan, China traveled to as the #coronavirus epidemic in that city was firmly underway — but still largely being concealed by authorities.  
"The Pandora's box has been opened, unleashing disaster, fear and illness. But there could be one thing still left in the box. That is hope," Dr. Tang Xin told our reporter. CGTN's Ge Yunfei visits a special ward for critically ill #coronavirus patients in Wuhan. 
This clip now makes more sense.  from in front of a funeral home in #Wuhan, #China. The number of mobile phones correlate with the number of people that have been CREMATED. Can anybody guess how many there are? via: 
Hot dry noodles, one of the top ten noodles in China, is the favorite of #Wuhan people. Here is the secret recipe for all.  to my city. 武汉欢迎您！ #武汉加油 #WuhanJiayou @visit_wuhan 
This 72yo bodybuilder who claimed he never got sick who lived in Wuhan passed away due to #WuhanCoronavirus. Given his age, his 1.5 hours training is still part of his daily routine. He also once won a 1st-runner up in a body  in 2019. Apple 
Draining the Swamp BREAKING: President Trump @realDonaldTrump makes appointment of Ambassador to Wuhan, China! 
Poland thanks #Brazil, its Air Force and President #Bolsonaro for the help to evacuate 4 of our citizens on your plane from #Wuhan
China allocate $10.2 billion dollars to fight Corona virus. No stone is left unturned for a cure and vaccines. Even Dr Zakir Naik's suggestion about circumcision has been noted. He was asked to visit Wuhan hospitals but Zakir Naik gave some excuse.
Chinese authorities censored the Wuhan whistleblower doctor, now dead, because he couldn’t prove that SARS was returning, even though he  right that another deadly SARS-like coronavirus had returned. Now we’re all at much greater risk. 
Diamond Princess has announced that it will refund all fees paid by passengers. #DiamondPrincess #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #2019nCoV #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanCoronavirus #wuhan 
Bangladesh unable to run second evacuation from coronavirus epicentre Wuhan as aircrew refuse to work the flight. Keep up to date with the international response to the outbreak here:  
Inside #Wuhan, hospitals are at breaking point, and are being forced to send #coronavirus patients home. 'We tried to admit my father to several local hospitals, but none of them had the capacity to take him in', one resident tells  …
BREAKING NEWS: There are reports of Chinese People in Osoba Close in Gowon Estate having severe symptoms of Corona Virus. These Chinese newly returned from Wuhan in China and are treating themselves of symptoms similar to that of a Coronavirus patient in Gowon Estate, Egbeda. 
Trump has been under a lot of pressure, what with the whole impeachment thing and all, so I think we should send him on a little get away to unwind I hear Wuhan is nice this time of year
The best hair style in the world! "I will try my best to win the battle against the virus!" Nurse Guo Jiameng took a photo with her long hair just cut off in her hand. "Although my hair is cut off, it can grow back. I will visit Wuhan again when my hair grows back." 
Chinese dissident journalist Chen Qiushi went missing in #Wuhan after doing critical reporting on the  …
Bioweapons expert Dr Francis Boyle believes #Coronavirus is potentially lethal and an offensive biological warfare weapon or dual-use biowarfare agent genetically modified with gain of function properties which escaped the Biosafety Level 4 lab in Wuhan.  …
The Wuhan coronavirus has now killed more people than the SARS outbreak of 2003  
Wuhan Union hospital and the Amity foundation also received the medical supplies this afternoon. XiaoZhan, you didn’t say anything, so we can only wait to discover more of your kindness ? 
I will not. You arrested, censured, and ‘punished’ (only God knows what you did to him and the other 7 doctors) the heroes of Wuhan. You are a disgrace to humanity. I HAVE AN IDEA , let’s have the GT do a special on  . #CrimesAgainstHumanity
Pear Video spoke to Dr Li Wenliang’s mother: The family demands answers for Wuhan police’s treatment of Li The 34 yo was a kind & smart man, offering to cover shift for his colleagues & had good grades He was a normal chubby guy who loved fried chicken  
This coronavirus outbreak shoulda, coulda been avoided. Below is the map of Hubei, the circled part is Qianjiang which has only 82 confirmed cases even being close to Wuhan. Why? Dude in charge started taking measures on Jan 17, 5 days before Wuhan. 
| 'Sending our blessing for the Lantern Festival, our heart is with all the people in Wuhan.' Follow our China-based #EFC platforms... Weibo:  Toutiao:  
The Wuhan Coronavirus (N-CoV 2019) datasheet Ive been maintaining has now been updated with data from the 8th & 9th, plus an interactive map  …) that shows the global case locations. A total of 37,598 cases have been recorded (+2,649)  
Final British evacuation flight from Wuhan lands  
The death of the doctor in Wuhan who tried early on to warn us of the coronavirus but was censored by Chinese authorities has led to “the fiercest assault on the censors in almost a decade.” Early warning would have made the virus easier to stop. 
The three things we really need to know about the Wuhan coronavirus  
FM @HeikoMaas: I am relieved after safe return of 20 Germans and families from #Wuhan. We would like to thank our friends for this act of European solidarity which makes me hopeful for a close cooperation post- 
Meet the team smashing down doors to rescue Wuhan's abandoned pets' #CoronaVirus  
Meet Lao Mao (aka “Old Cat”) the hero rescuing #pets in Wuhan, the epicentre of the #coronavirus outbreak, for stranded owners who can’t get back home. Your heartwarming #weekend read in the midst of virus news by @YiyinZ1  …
Heartwarming video shows a man holding a live concert for his neighbors and winning some fans in Yueqing, Zhejiang Province amid city lockdown due to the Coronavirus outbreak. #Wuhan 
An old man sent a cardboard box and left quickly after saying that he would donate it to Wuhan. There was ¥500000 in cash in the carton, and a note which read as this, "the whole country is concerned about Wuhan. I'll make a little effort.  on! A citizen of Changzhou". 
Signs carved in the #snow that read "Stay strong #Wuhan" and " #China will win!!!" are seen near the Tonghui River, in Beijing's Tongzhou district. 
The newly-built Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan took in its first 30 viral pneumonia patients on Saturday evening. Despite being built in a short time, Leishenshan is well-equipped, with an ICU, negative pressure examination room, surgery rooms and CT rooms to help treat patients 
#coronavirus: MISSING IN #WUHAN - #Chinese citizen journalist who covered coronavirus outbreak disappears from Wuhan days after whistleblower doctor died Chen Qiushi, who also works as a human rights lawyer, has not been heard from since Thursday  …
Philippines evacuates 30, including infant, from virus-hit Wuhan  
In just 24 hours! China's Wuhan turns convention center into 1,000-bed makeshift hospital to fight novel 
The hospitals in #Wuhan look like hell on earth. They are clearly can't cope with the scale of the outbreak. And yet mainstream tells us, "don't worry it's just like the regular flu, don't be a fearmongorer" #StopFlightsFromChina #Quarantined 
Thank u Japan for ur supporting #Wuhan with all the supply and medics！ signs of “be strong Wuhan” is put on streets in japan. power of humanity！ #coronavirus 
What are the "four categories of people" in Wuhan's #coronavirus prevention and control strategy? Here is an explainer on who they are and how they will be 
Pretty shocking but not unusual detail in this report from Wuhan: The hospital kicked out a pregnant woman acutely sick with coronavirus once she ran out of money. She died.  
AI robot delivering food or items to a patients room in the hospital. #prayforwuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan 
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
UK scientists believe virus may infect over 500,000 in Wuhan by late February  …
A citizen journalist who had been doing critical reporting from Wuhan, China, went missing on Thursday evening, just as hundreds of thousands of people began demanding freedom of speech online 
Xiao Zhan silently donated ventilator and supplies to Wuhan Tongji Hospital. 饭圈扭蛋 #XiaoZhan #肖战 
During SARS and MERS years ago it didn’t take very long for science to sort out the origin of both viruses. The source for nCov is still mysterious. Why? Ask the Wuhan Institute of Virology what escaped from their BSL3/4 lab
All  are deeply concerned about the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China. let’s pray for China, pray for Wuhan to show our support to the people who are fighting the virus! Join #TRON to show your love  …
Chinese citizen journalist Chen Qiushi has been missing since Feb 6. He traveled to Wuhan to report on the coronavirus outbreak. His family and friends are deeply worried. Please help to spread the news and support him. @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio @SecPompeo @VP  …
Our flight from Wuhan has landed at RAF Brize Norton. We have brought back 105 British nationals & family members, and 95 European nationals & family members. We also had a team of 13 staff and medics on board who ensured the flight could take off.
"Hello everyone, this is Xiaojun, saluting all the medical personnel at the frontline. Wear your masks properly, wash your hands; protect others, protect yourself. 2020 will get better. China jiayou, Wuhan jiayou!" 
medical staff at wuhan huazhong technological university hospital confirms that they have received oxygen ventilators from xiaozhan and his studio! *oxygen ventilators are extremely expensive and are in lack of supply throughout the globe. 
The Abdul Sattar Edhi foundation has written to @SMQureshiPTI seeking permission to Evacuate Pakistani's from Wuhan on their OWN expenses through chartered flights - Not all heroes wear capes. #Pakistan
