Just a reminder that whether the Wuhan  from bat soup or not; we should still close the wet markets. CHINA MUST PAY! 
Just received from Beijing. She says people in #Wuhan r locking down the infected people within their homes so that they can't escape out in the open, to stop the spread of #coronarvirues The infected families r being left to starve & die. Horrific  02
#ChineseVirus19 After watching the mass destruction done by Coronavirus, China to Wuhan Scientists* 
Until 13 March, UK policy was that travellers arriving from Wuhan, Italy, Iran should self isolate. Govt cancelled that policy at around the same time as they  testing & tracing. Have asked Govt many times to explain that decision & publish the science behind it  …
We just submitted a super-cool paper about seismic noise changes in China and Italy following COVID-19 lockdown. In Enshi (nearish Wuhan) the noise drop in the frequency band of pedestrians and local factories was equivalent to 20 years' worth of industrialization and growth. 
WHERE THE WUHAN VIRUS WAS BORN... THE PLACE THAT SENT OUT SICK INDIVIDUALS TO OVER 180 COUNTRIES TO DESTROY THEIR ECONOMIES AND KILLING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS PEOPLE. THEY MUST PAY.. @lions_us 61,000 MEMBERS STRONG cc: @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @JesseBWatters 
Friends and the rest of you, my Mom is mostly recovered from the Wuhan but still has some bad days. Today she's in bed and suffering from vertigo. Please remember her in your prayers. PS Dad is doing well and watching the draft with 
Why did China silence lab researchers, doctors and journalists in Wuhan? Why have some disappeared? Why did China stop travel from Wuhan to the rest of China but allow travel from Wuhan to Europe and America? The Chinese Art of War  …
Global times, call on WHO to investigate how deadly wuhan china virus is? CCP is brutal liar 
What if... The Wuhan Virus was actually unrestricted warfare on the world to destroy the US Economy with Bill Gates, WHO, CDC, Bidens, Soros, Dems/DNC Deep State and China, all with an interest in taking Trump down that would benefit them all? 
What if COVID-19 is Plan Wuhan that the Professor is using against earth so he can perform a clean heist
#2020WasFunUntil Wuhan decided to eat a bat. 
Pompeo doubts coronavirus leaked out from lab in China’s Wuhan. 
#DivideAndRule Mean while Wuhan China school exams today. 
#JungleAfya checking temperature is very key its the first step to know if you have the "Wuhan virus" 
#BREAKING: It’s been revealed the Australian government rejected THOUSANDS of over “highly overpriced” face masks from Wuhan. First, they poisoned us. Then they tried to rob us.
Shocking Report: Dr. Anthony Fauci Helped Chinese Biowarfare Lab CREATE The Coronavirus with U.S. Tax Dollars!  … #realDonaldTrump via @SentinelWdc
The Wuhan coronavirus has killed more Americans than every Islamic terrorist  It’s time to treat COVID-19 for what it was - a 9/11 style attack by China.
Predictable, “Wuhan Lujan” gives herself a big ol pat on the back!! Congratulations for destroying a large portion of small businesses!! You succeeded in making a poor state; even poorer!! No wonder you’re the worst governor in the country!! #OpenNM #VivaTrump
From #wuhan ?!?! “China sent team including medical experts to advise on North Korea’s Kim”  …
this is the bat the chinese man in wuhan ate 
Family expanding - I also did the 1st draft of Spain locs and a 1st test for Space, but still missing Queens&Wuhan. (and a lot of other chars) If I can at least sketch them all tomorrow I MAY have a chance to start scripting during my working week -not so easy I guess 
Breaking: The Trump administration is reaching out to Tim Dyson, to see whether a central vacuum system can be established to suck the coronavirus out of infected patients, and deposit it in Wuhan, Jyynna. In response to a request  Dyson said #TrumpIsALaughingStock
Frankly I began doubting about US’ capacity to control the pandemic. There’ve been no severe COVID-19 patients in Wuhan, can NYC achieve this within 2020? But President Trump can still be so optimistic and talk up his performance despite over 1000 daily death toll. Interesting. 
Wuhan is still doing 60,000+ tests per DAY for Coronavirus. China’s extraordinary diligence and logistical skills are why it has been so successful in keeping the cases and deaths down  …
I support President @realDonaldTrump and his leadership to defeat the Chinese Communist Wuhan virus. America  back stronger than ever, and we will #MakeChinaPay for their 
#Wuhan Disgusting to observe Officials not being able to get over their awe&62 phobia laced with timidity.Inspite of proved credentials of providing substandard&cheap equipment,we ordered testing equipment&PPE from China.For God's sake get out of L1syndrome in dealing with lives. 
The #Obama administration granted $3.7 million to WUHAN LAB in China to conduct #covid-19 experiments in 2014! Now under investigation. There will be no peace for the 
China and mainstream US media agree that describing the China-originating coronavirus as Wuhan or Chinese virus is racist. However, they also seem to agree that identifying a disease with Africa is fine. (The first known outbreak of African Horse Sickness didn't occur in Africa.) 
True. It is reported that there was demo held in Wuhan in Sept last year on how to deal with the outbreak of highly infective disease. It reveals the possibility of #CCPChina's plan for suppression of #HongKongProtests via invisible biochemical virus. They are no mercy to 
20 tonnes of medical supplies leaves Wuhan, a central Chinese city once hardest hit by #COVID19, for New York  
china counterfeit of Japanese surgical mask, and of coz they fake Taiwan's product and others too , china product=fake, only wuhan virus is genuine #china 
@AmbLiuXiaoMing scienst says #Covid_19 broke out in a #Wuhan #Wetmarket that #China RE OPENED & traffic #wildlife animals & STOLEN #Dogs & #cats to be TORTURED ALIVE Did u BAN #Yulin #DogMeat FESTIVAL? Did u BAN torture? NO! YOU DIDN'T WHAT MEASURES are u talking 
3B Scientific-Wuhan is another lab that sells it; their site was still up as of today. Another obvious wuhan connection
Wuhan sounds like a simply amazing city / Fentanyl capital of the world and birthplace of COVID-19
Great. Now I'm a suspect. “Wuhan was the fentanyl capital of the world. Then coronavirus hit” by  …
COULD This Global Pandemic WUHAN VIRUS BE A COVERUP of CHILD TRAFFICKING ADRENOCHROME DRUG HIGH CRIMES of POLITICIANS ELITES CLERGY THE CHURCH IN EVERY COUNTRY SO-CALLED LEADERSHIP THESE PEOPLE ARE SICK LAW ENFORCEMENT STEP FORWARD STAND FOR THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY FREE HIS KIDS 
I heard Avenatti has the Wuhan Flu...can I inject some chlorine in his lungs?
Challenging the Cover-Up: @PeterSchweizer says U.S. relations with China will be a central issue in the election as the world uncovers China’s lies in the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
The craziest one I've seen is that the virus occurred naturally in the Wuhan wet market just a stone's throw from a top virology lab and created a global pandemic without the knowledge or cooperation of the Chinese Communist Party.  …
The State Dept has said it sees no “compelling need” to expedite the disclosure of  by US diplomats in China to leaders in Washington concerning safety issues at a coronavirus research lab in Wuhan, where the global pandemic originated. 
Being in a popular band is hard work, and sometimes the response we get is overwhelming, but we do it for the 
Pure genius with Hide as the surgeon
FG allowed thousands of people from Europe’s Wuhan to party in Dublin in the midst of an epidemic. Literally importing people from the viral hotspot of Europe. Then the Cheltenham Spreadfest and the Keelings fiasco. Partitionists are scummy.
CNN will do ANYTHING for ratings! Look at the latest  …
There is no scientific basis for this. On the contrary, studies show the sun and open air is probably the best place folks can be to reduce risk of Wuhan virus.  …
This ones a ??? Spin Dem speciallllll, who should we team up with for the next collab 
If you hear anyone claim “we know the virus  from a lab”, don’t buy it — it may well have. Labs around the globe have been creating synthetic viruses for years:  … #covid19 #sars-cov-2 #cov2 #ncov #virology #gainoffunction #gof #wuhan #wiv
Remember this photo? It was taken when the ICU nurse Lü Jun was leaving Ürümqi for Wuhan on Jan 28. He just finished his quarantine and reunited with his fiancée after 86 days apart.  
#2020WasFunUntil someone ate bat soup in Wuhan, now we are All Stay at home. 
COVID-19 | THE TRUTH: Following a hack from WHO, the Wuhan laboratory and the Bill Gates Foundation, millions of documents are online. SIGNED: ANONYMOUS! 
#2020WasFunUntil people visit these Chinese city wuhan 
Japan's Dr Tasuku Honjo created sensation by telling that corona virus is not natural because it spreaded in cold places,not died in hot places. All lab technicians worked in wuhan have died. I am100% confident that Corona has  from bats. China has manufactured it. 
 … As independent investigators probe the origin of #CCP #coronavirus, will the Wuhan Institute of Virology's "foreign "friends" please shut up. You  and you know it. You may understand viruses, but you know nothing about #CCPChina, Dupes
WATCH THIS TIMELINE & REMEMBER TRUMP KNEW IN NOV. US alerted Israel, NATO to disease outbreak in China in Nov. U.S. spy agencies collected raw intelligence hinting at a public health crisis in Wuhan, China, in Nov.  #COVID19  01
Blockbuster news! Senior researchers at the #P4 laboratory in wuhan, China have successfully escaped... It will be exposed in a few days, please see what Mr. Bannon said. 
Fighting the Contagion: @DrOz says ultraviolet light may be able to help with purification systems in crowded spaces during the Wuhan virus pandemic. #KAG2020 #AmericaFirst 
We were so happy when Trump spoke up, as a result of our sharing our research. Now, Scott Morrison, PM of Australia joins in with “We like the world to be safer when  to viruses”. Pls RT n do your part to 
final voyage of the jonmobile, my problematic fave. farewell 
FDA requires that if you're dead and you are infected with the Wuhan virus. Even if it's a traffic accident. Then the virus cause of death. One way to keep those numbers up. You can't trust anyone anymore.
Guess what ? You were wrong. It’s the Dems. Again. how in world did they put a pay raise into a bill to assist regular US citizens? answer ? Swamp things take care of themselves on tax payer dime.
Thank you for Wuhan virus is racist China is handling this great China’s numbers are true No human transmission Taiwan is Taipei No need to wear masks Travel ban is racist This isn’t a global health emergency ALL false. All from CHO. 
CHINA has been the origin of several Major Viral Epidemics over recent decades, with the current outbreak of a new deadly CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) emerging in the central city of Wuhan. Wuhan Institute engages in Offensive Biological Weapons research. 
#Wuhan lockdown was lifted and wet markets are now open for business, so #china has already started working on the new pandemic. 
February 22, 2017 "A laboratory in Wuhan is on the cusp of being cleared to work with the world’s most dangerous pathogens. The move is part of a plan to build between five and seven biosafety level-4 (BSL-4) labs across the Chinese mainland by 2025"  
This is not about a virus. This about about CONTROL. This is about BRINGING AMERICA DOWN. And this is about USHERING IN A NEW WORLD ORDER. What they failed to do with Climate Change or the Green New Deal, they’ve successfully done with their fear & panic-fest over the Wuhan flu.
This photo taken in 1981 shows the graduation ceremony of the second batch of Sudanese trainees who came to Wuhan to learn acrobatics. #SudaneseCulture 
#RacismInChina After being evicted from their residences in some cities like #Guangzhou, some Africans became targets of racial discrimination in #China. Some are even attacked by #Chinese people on the streets. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #Wuhan #Spygate #LockdownSA 
Someone please tell President Uhuru Kenyatta that am  and he should watch my trending video. Please RETWEET and watch it here  #level4lockdown Awiti Wuhan #DynastySewage BREAKING NEWS
In Wuhan, China they have again start educational activities, these are the precautions they are maintaining, can Nigeria do this for us? 
They're cheaper than natural fillings and are super lightweight. They're usually made of either hollowfibre or microfibre. Synthetic duvets can be washed much more often than natural fillings. #level4lockdown Awiti Wuhan Mutahi Magufuli Kenyatta Kanye Forbes Auba Chelsea 
Chinese 
Any one wanna try some puzzle? Post your answer  Awiti Wuhan Mutahi 
The Chinese government extends its censorship to Europe, and European governments shamefully succumb. No criticism is allowed of Beijing's disastrous censorship of the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us of the coronavirus. 
 … The first known case of COVID-19 in the U.S. was confirmed in Snohomish County, Washington on January 20, 2020, in a 35-year-old man who had returned from Wuhan, China, five days earlier.
Wuhan pneumonia is originated from China 
Wuhan pneumonia should be called SARS-2 after severe acute respiratory syndrome, the Chinese-originated pandrmic in 2003. But the Chinese Communist Party forced WHO to call it Covid-19 to avoid  Tell the truth about CCP
Why did Governor Cuomo force nursing homes to take back residents who might be infected? Worse, he actually forbids returning residents from being tested for the Wuhan Virus. Unconditional return It's very likely that Cuomo has many deaths on his hands. 
Aha! Just wait until the Chinese Wuhan Flu Virus (CWFV) collides with the African horse sickness (AHS). How is the WHO to rename this fine fellow? #Chinavirus #coronavirus #ChinaLiedPeopleaDied #WuhanVirus #CCPVirus #china  …
@JNJInnovation working at the Wuhan Institute too? #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Is Dr Anthony Fauci a wizard who can see into the future or, did he know the plans in advance? What about that payment of $3.7m from the NIH he was involved with to the Wuhan lab in question? Notice he hasn't been at the daily press briefings in a while #COVID19  …
Cedars-Sinai scientists are working on a cure for COVID-19 by flooding the lungs with  …
TOMORROW: There are two theories on the origins of Coronavirus. Did it spring from a research lab in Wuhan, China or at a Wet Market where wildlife is slaughtered and sold. Last week, we looked into the labs. This week, we will investigate the wet markets. Tune in Saturday 8PM ET 
In a week of many seroprevalence studies (including New York, Santa Clara, LA County, Wuhan), now Miami  …
This is not the “Chinese virus” or the “Wuhan virus.” Calling it such is an act of hate, violence, xenophobia, & racism against AAPIs. Now, more than ever, we must live our values & stand with all members of   …
Ay now thats the Michael I know
What's the difference between Wuhan and Las Vegas? #coronavirus 
That’s okay. Now Wuhan is the #CovidCapitalOfTheWorld #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
HCQ was just approved for Wuhan Virus. Seriously why are you being so obtuse & against a safe drug that is helping doctors save Wuhan infected patients' lives? Can't you read? Are you brain damaged? What is your problem? Be honest for once.  …
is this 
(5/16) a family member or die myself. I read everything about Wuhan, about Lombardy, about Qom, and I feared the absolute worst. However, with the surge of #COVID19 projected to be a couple of weeks away, our preparation kicked into high gear. Parts of the hospital were
The coronavirus has sparked a surge in drug and alcohol abuse. “This is cultural trauma on a global scale,” one rehab counselor told me. “And when people have more anxiety, they turn to alcohol and  …
In Mexico, cartels are running out of cash to pay sicarios. In the U.S., prices for street drugs are rising. One reason? Most fentanyl originates in Wuhan, China.  …
United Nations: Call for the resignation of Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director General who fudged data n details of spread of #CoronaVirus in Wuhan, China - Please Sign the Petition, if you agree with what's described above  via @ChangeOrg_India
@dbongino Thank you for your new sponsor @1800CONTACTS mention on this mornings show. One of children needs new supply and can’t get appt at the moment with the Wuhan flu closures. So I went where you suggested and Bam!!!
Facebook Coronavirus ‘Fact Checker’ Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab.  …
Somebody said If Arturo had a city name it would be WUHAN. 
Chinese military lab gets benefits of USA tax money from > PREDICT PROGRAM loved by Faucci/Feinstein&Hussein/st dept/NIH ~the Wuhan lab has successfully found &spliced Novel Coronavirus with Ebola &Aids Gene's to make it spread. ~not ok weather linked to currant outbreak or not 
COVID19#SCHOOLS REOPENED IN #WUHAN CHINA THIS IS HOW PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES ARE BEEN TAKEN 
What if... The Wuhan Virus was actually unrestricted warfare on the world to destroy the US Economy with Bill Gates, WHO, CDC, Bidens, Soros, Dems/DNC Deep State and China, all with an interest in taking Trump down that would benefit them all? 
Let the record show that in the moths of February, March and April, the only cause of death was the Wuhan virus. First time in recorded history.
It’s weird how all other deaths in NY have declined while Wuhan Virus deaths have dramatically increased 
Oh, are we allowed  Wuhan coronavirus deaths to deaths from other causes now? For context: according to CDC, 170,000 Americans died from accidents in 2017. Another 56,000 died from flu or pneumonia.  …
94% of those hospitalized in NY with the Wuhan had at least one pre-existing condition. The pre-existing conditions are easily definable as is the susceptible population. Quarantining a healthy population makes no sense. If you want to protect, focus on the sick & susceptible
If we make a film on the Pakistani students stranded in China during a deadly pandemic, can we call it ‘ Yahan Hum, Wuhan Tum’ ?
SCHOOLS REOPENED IN #WUHAN_CHINA THIS IS HOW PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES ARE BEEN 
The Chinese at least shut down Wuhan. We, an Island could have limited the spread easily with test & trace used initially. Yet still the airports are without checks! #wato
The coronavirus has upended the fentanyl trade, cutting into the profits of Mexican traffickers and driving up street drug prices across the US. The reason why? Most of the chemicals used to make fentanyl came from one place: Wuhan, China.  …
Wuhan was the fentanyl capital of the world. Then coronavirus hit  …
Educational Institutes.... Has reopened in Wuhan, China as they have beaten the killer #Covid_19 and their protective measures are out of this world. Education at it's best. 
Pepe Escobar reveals that in Nov 2019 US warned Nato allies & Israel of a pandemic to start in Wuhan but Wuhan did not find an illness till December and did not diagnose COVID 19 till late December. How did US know IN ADVANCE?  …
#Wuhan city now has zero #COVID19 patients in critical condition, said a spokesperson of the National Health Commission on 
A top Russian expert's assertion that the dangerous manipulation of natural, bat-derived coronaviruses at a Wuhan lab created a killer virus may explain why China, according to Mike Pompeo, chose to destroy coronavirus samples, rather than share any sample with the outside world. 
Bad respirators are TYPICAL from china. #DecoupleChina is the smartest LT path for the West.The Murderous Chinese government knowingly allowed flights from Wuhan to infect the world and now they sell faulty equipment to profiteer from their FrankenVirus  …
If Arturo had a city name it would be WUHAN . 
It‘s alleged that exiled Chinese whistleblower *billionaire* dissident #GuoWengui (AKA #MilesKwok) has succeeded in exfiltrating a DEFECTOR from #China’s #Wuhan Institute of Virology. If this is true, it’s absolutely HUGE. Waiting to learn more. 
Another Wuhan? #CCPVirus( #coronavirus) Outbreak in #Harbin ; China Deploys Armed Police to Russian Border “Leaked documents show the number of virus patients there may be 200 times the official data…” @JoshJPhilipp #CCPVirus WATCH FULL EPISODE:  
“Police in Central China’s Wuhan ARRESTED 8 people spreading RUMOURS about local outbreak of unidentifiable pneumonia.” Remember this? MSM never reported this and the several people that went missing. All of them tried to alert the truth to the world. #censorship 
. @WarRoomPandemic officially confirmed that one employee from the Wuhan P4 lab successfully escaped from Communist China and will reveal the truth about the #CCPVirus in the next couple of 
Thank you to psychologists from Wuhan, China for helping @APA to learn from their experiences of #COVID and improve our ability to care for the #mentalhealth & needs in the 
The Curfew Law on Wuhan Virus must apply to all ... No one except President Uhuru Kenyatta, Raila Odinga, Francis Atwoli, David Murathe, Cabinet Ministers & Essential Services are above it ... Just as those poor Nakuru Kids were quarantined, anyone who breaks it must be.
China is neck deep in corruption and cover-ups. NEVER, EVER forget that stain on the presidency that was Barack Obama FUNDED THIS WUHAN LAB OF DEATH. 
After returning to Beijing after an 80-day battle against COVID-19 in Wuhan, Director of the department of critical care medicine An Youzhong from #PKU People’s Hospital set off to the Southwest border to lead the prevention and control of the virus. We wish him all the 
Watch and say no to toxic #vaccinations spearheaded by KillGates' & ( @WHO) Wuhan Hell Organization to depopulate the humankind. 
CCTV13新闻节目官网 来源央视网 2018年04月5日23:32 #Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences Scientists discover new coronavirus CCTV13 News Program Official Website Source: CCTV Network April 5, 2018 23: 32 
Hypocrisy, thy name is Harvard.
$SPX update 0.618 fibo achieved I expect violent dump to follow from current prices Confirmatory levels on the break of the red horizontal SEND IT TO WUHAN #SPX 
Ventilating precipitates #Wuhan It's a death sentence: "As COVID-19 advances, doctors rethink rush to ventilate"  …
BREAKING: The Email of Bill Gates Foundation, World Health Organization and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and thousands of Email, password and documents have been leaked online. 
Why do I keep forgetting that Twitter is a cesspool of my darker sense of humor 
A study by the University of Southampton found that if Chinese authorities had spent three weeks heeding rather than censoring the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us of the coronavirus, the number of cases would have been 95% lower at the end of February.  
Look! This #CNN reporter wants to respect President Yanai of Uniqlo instead of doctors & experts! The billionaire founder of Uniqlo is not a doctor, we’re criticizing his lack of study for medical fields such as Wuhan coronavirus. Doctors said we shouldn’t have unnecessary test.  …
Now that Trump has touted the potential benefits of sunlight  the Wuhan Virus I expect the lib media to start lobbying for black holes and the destruction of the solar system. It’s only a matter of time.
Expect a robust media campaign against sunlight going forward, now that Trump has mentioned it could help the fight against the Wuhan Virus. Sadly, I’m not kidding. I guarantee you’ll see the anti-sunlight articles soon. 
"Tedros and his organization were all too willing to ignore coverups by Chinese authorities, just as they refused to admit that they had ignored warnings [from Taiwan in January about] human-to-human transmissibility in Wuhan." #COVID19  …
China’s coverup: @MikePillsbury says Communist China is leading a global disinformation campaign because they’re worried they’ll be held accountable for the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
Here We go Again: @Jim_Jordan says a newly created  to oversee the federal response to the Wuhan virus is just another attempt by the Radical Dems to attack @POTUS. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
President Trump is ON IT. He knows about Fauci. He's investigating the 3.7 Million Fauci authorized in funds to the Wuhan China Lab.  …
. @SecPompeo: The Chinese Government hasn’t permitted American scientists to go into #China, to go into not only the Wuhan lab but wherever it needs to go to learn about this virus. There’s an ongoing pandemic. We still don’t have the transparency and openness we need in China. 
Wiping Snotty Nose, Touching Everything?? #NastyNancy #PettyPelosi just violated the hell out of basic Wuhan China Corona Virus COVID19 safety protocol [video]  … via @twitchyteam
Charles Lieber, Harvard professor & chair of chemistry, was arrested in late January for taking money & helping set up lab for Chinese in Wuhan. But if u look at his sponsors, there's no way he could get away with it w/o them knowing. Diversion? 
~~~ Does This Seal Look Faulty to You? China-Owned Newspaper Deletes Inside Pics of Wuhan Biolab  …
Tdk ada keraguan itu CCP VirusA world renowned Russian microbiologist" says that the novel coronavirus responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic was the result of Wuhan scientists doing "absolutely crazy things" in their laboratory.
Inside a recently reopened wet market in Wuhan, China. 
It wouldn’t matter what Trumps response was! It would have resulted in a “committee” to investigate! The liberal democrats are a disease waaay worse than any wuhan virus!!
Take all the time you need 
“In a series of tweets on March 12, Caputo responded to a baseless conspiracy theory that the United States brought the coronavirus to Wuhan, China, by tweeting that ‘millions of Chinese suck the blood out of rabid bats as an appetizer and eat the ass out of anteaters.’”  …
98% recover from the Wuhan virus. We closed our economy and the country for 2% of our population. and Democrats say we don't pay attention to minorities?
View from top Russian microbiologist: Wuhan lab spent years on coronavirus variants "to study their pathogenicity. They did absolutely crazy things, in my opinion. For example, inserts in the genome, which gave the virus the ability to infect human cells."  …
Gates and Fauci are best friends. Fauci worked with wuhan lab. Wuhan lab released the virus. Gates has the vaccine. See the problem here? The guy who poured nails on the streets has the tire shop right up the road. Say NO to vaccines and NO to increased surveillance!
When can we start laying off state employees? Like, most of them? @illinoispolicy I could fire 50% of Springfield and no one would notice.
Harbin City is now officially the next Wuhan Lockdown. It's going to be another Biochemical Virus genocide by CCP.... Its sad truth.  …
Proof NYC is inflating the Wuhan Virus deaths 
These Igbo women are something 
Racist plaques depicting Winnie the Pooh holding a bat with chopsticks have begun to pop up around Atlanta, and police have no leads as to who is 
The virus came from the WCDC. The Wuhan CDC/virology is located 300yds. from the now infamous wet market. The US was helping to fund chimeric CoronaVirus research in Wuhan to the tune of $3.7 million.Chimeric research in the US was halted and so it was out sourced to the Chinese.
4. Protect health care workers. Protect. Your. Healthcare. Workers. One of the lessons from Wuhan and Italy is that you have to be utterly meticulous about protecting doctors and nurses. If you don’t…
Wuhan, China (11M pop) deployed 9,000+ contact tracers… @NYDailyNews reported last month that NYC was hoping to triple the number from 50 to 150. NYC’s health department did not respond to a request 
Our media: Jan: It's just the flu! Feb: It's racist to say Wuhan Flu! March: Why did Trump cancel flights from China? April: Shut down the USA! Who cares if you have a mask & keep your distance! Who cares if you lose your job & your house! Arrest anybody who goes outside!
“The feeling was like I was dying,” He Ximing says. The Wuhan resident tested negative 3 times before he was confirmed to have contracted the 
Empty public spaces, temperature checks, and constant anxiety: Wuhan  back to life, but not as anyone knew it 
Uuughhh. Doctors in epicenter Wuhan find patients who tested negative for #coronavirus later test positive, some up to 70 days later. Many have done so over 50-60 days. (Unclear is they are infectious but positive cases in #China get  …
BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: In 2017 Dr. Shi from Wuhan Institute of Virology Claimed She Kept a Large Reservoir of Bat Viruses and Some Related Vaccines #BatLady  … via @gatewaypundit
So to recap: an armed Christian militia apparently launched a non-existent hacking attack on the Gates Foundation, WHO and Wuhan lab to prevent a Danish Satanist from creating a revolutionary new microchip for Bill Gates to inject into people. Does that make sense?
When I decided to go down the rabbit hole of digging into one of the websites spreading the supposedly hacked WHO/Gates Foundation/Wuhan lab data, I'm not sure where I thought it would go, but Danish Satanist biohackers was not it. You guys. This was A TRIP. Thread.
Israeli experts give a thumbs up to their Chinese colleagues at #Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital after exchanging views and experiences in a videoconference. The hospital has treated more than 2,800 #Covid19 
Wuhan virus has been used like a bioweapon says @CPDChina  …
What the morons at Vox were saying about the Wuhan Virus while the same morons at Vox were blaming others for “downplaying” the virus. I feel for you if you’re dumb enough to believe these tier-one imbeciles. 
In Wuhan, China, where the novel coronavirus emerged, doctors said they initially intubated patients to help them breathe, but 'the disease had changed their lungs beyond our imagination.'  5/8
NEW COVER: Empty public spaces, temperature checks, and constant anxiety: Inside the dystopian, post-lockdown world of Wuhan  
In Wuhan, three months after lockdown, businesses are opening. When you go to a nail saloon, they only allow one customer per hour, then another hour is spent sanitising, then the next customer  in.
me everyday when i am downstairs and not in my 
Africa rejected and condemned the test of #vaccine in Africa, China had to shift their attention to Pakistan. Wow. No lab rat in Wuhan Virology lab?
This week’s @BW cover by @ClaireYChe @sarahchen @MattCampbell and me. Life after lockdown in Wuhan: factories working at full tilt but malls and restaurants are empty; temperature checks everywhere; constant anxiety.  
The Lockdown Strategy had NO EFFECT. These states who did not lock down did not have severe outbreaks of the Wuhan Virus. #CoronaVirusHOAX  
Trump is doing Great work. Psycho Pelosi is a living cartoon. Stiff with hate. She  predictable. Emotional intelligence of a two year old. Wuhan Nancy. She thinks she's on top of the world, getting over on everybody, but she is deep in another place.
Leaked Footage of 5G effects from Wuhan 
McSally, Gaetz Push To Ensure US Taxpayer Funding Of Wuhan Lab Stops  …
Wuhan data shows 95% died on vents... the US is at 88%, guess we are better. But we still don’t test early stage antiviral treatments. The US HCQ study was late stage.
The virus made by #CCP from #Wuhan P4 lab. #MakeChinaPay #CCPLiedPeopleDied #CCPVirus #BoycottChina 
#economicstagnation #covid19SOP where there is a will there is a way .school started in wuhan 
Postcard from Wuhan in the aftermath: “There’s nothing to do but move on,” he said... “We worked nonstop for years, chasing every opportunity,” he said. Now, “everyone I know has one goal for 2020. It’s to survive.”  …
this is the real #WuhanDiary . Fang fang’s Wuhan Diary is so fake. All my friends in Wuhan are sick of her stories 
Any country who has people that can treat harmless dogs like this cannot be trusted. #CCP_is_terrorist 
So horrible Hope she and her book will be fine. What is this country? Chinese writer Fang Fang faces backlash and death threats for 'Wuhan Diary' | Hong Kong Free Press HKFP  …
Nobody paid attention to protesting people in Wuhan back in late summer one pic is from Wuhan, the other is from Hong Kong 
Updates on Feb 6 coronavirus death: • Woman who died worked  with global offices, including Wuhan • "If we had understood then that people were already dying, we probably would have acted earlier" • California examining cases back even further  …
Your daily reminder that @WHO parrots Chinese propaganda. Wuhan virus is racist China is handling this great China’s numbers are true No human transmission Taiwan is Taipei No need to wear masks Travel ban is racist This isn’t a global health emergency ALL false. All from WHO.
I was pleased to join @repmattgaetz, @senatormcsallyaz, & my Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @Senjoniernst on a letter that seeks to block American tax dollars from being distributed to China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology. We know China lied, and we shouldn’t fund their labs.
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! President Donald J. Trump investigating His $3.7 Million Obama Era Grant to Wuhan Lab!!! Obama AND Fauci need to be on TRIAL!!! Full Dr. Buttar interview:   …
WHO, Wuhan lab hack reveals coronavirus 'spliced' with HIV to make it deadly, spread using dry ice 

American tax $$shouldn’t be going to China’s wet markets. And they shouldn’t be going to China’s Wuhan lab either. Today, I joined my colleagues in calling to end this funding & express my deep concern over past federal funding to the controversial Chinese state-run Wuhan lab. 
Did she just return from Wuhan? Because, this is Batshit  …
The Obama admin banned research in the US on bat viruses, & outsourced it to the Wuhan lab. (Fauci approved.) The Chinese did the research, then mass produced the product for export. Kinda like how they take our tech & then mass produce for Walmart.  …
China prevented French experts from overseeing safety at its first high-security virus laboratory, which is now facing claims that it was the origin of the coronavirus pandemic, according to French  …
Great stats! Super 
McSally, Gaetz Push To Ensure US Taxpayer Funding Of #Wuhan Lab Stops  …
Missing Wuhan citizen journalist reappears after two months Li Zehua says he was detained and quarantined by Chinese police after reporting on Covid-19  …
In late 2019, the Wuhan biowar lab said: "Let there be a novel coronavirus". They improved SARSCOV1 by S-protein from pangolinCoV so that its RBD fits more perfectly and then added some sequence fragments borrowed from HIV. These were the basic ingredients of the deadly bat broth 
Non of the predictions of experts about the Wuhan virus ever materialized. NONE. Hospitals over run, not just in NYC, but all over the country. Didn't happen. Now they are warning the worst is yet  in the Fall?
BOMBSHELL-Breaking news - watch the media vultures pick this up from me !So here is a little tid bit for you . Do you know who is a huge Clinton Global Initiative Funder? Well that would be Alexandre Mérieux and the Mérieux Foundation the same group that built the WUHAN LAB. \
The @usahackers twitter account has been taken down due to their threat to reveal bank transfers to prove that Bill gates funded the COVID-19 Virus creation, in association with WHO, CDC and the Wuhan virology lab. Wtf is going on?!
Nearly 25,000 email addresses and passwords allegedly from NIH, WHO, Gates Foundation and others are dumped online #BillGates The database also seems to carry several IDs from a virology lab in Wuhan, giving rise to fresh speculations and conspiracy theories 
SCOOP: In a first Mike Pompeo says Access to "Multiple Labs in #China" and NOT just Wuhan's, is Required by World to Determine source of #COVID19. Says WHO has failed, & Merkel supportive of investigation.  …
Have you people checked this #GatesHacked story. Apparently hackers have hacked the email accounts of the WHO, Bill gates and the primary lab in Wuhan associated with Corona virus research, which gates was funding. I always maintained that this thing was biologically engineered 
Air pollution has dropped 60% in some cities under coronavirus lockdown. A new report on major cities found: New Delhi: down 60% Seoul: down 54% Wuhan: down 44% (cleanest air on record) Los Angeles: down 31% 
Life in #Wuhan , people are on the move after the city was declared low risk area 
Unreal, Nancy Pelosi blames Mitch McConnell for delaying the latest Wuhan coronavirus relief bill: "Mitch McConnell likes to say that we delayed the bill. No, he delayed the bill...So he was the one wasting time." 
Intel Shows Obama Administration Funded Wuhan Lab In 2015: The National Institutes of Health (NIH) under former President Barack Obama gave the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China a $3.7 million grant to conduct experiments on bats from caves where the  
Wuhan fully resumed public transportation and reopened zoo today. It has maintained zero new case for a while. Let's see whether New York City can resume life to the same level four months after the outbreak. NYC has about two months' time left. 
"A Christian hacker group known as Katehon is said to have had hacked Gates Foundation data and relayed this to another hacker group, USA Hackers. USA Hackers used the data to hack WHO, Wuhan Lab and the CDC, and promises more leaks."  …
(6/6) A Chinese photographer took portraits of 42,000 medical workers from overall of China to fight COVID-19 in Chinese Epicenter Wuhan & Hubei. All medical workers in the world braved themselves in this battle should be respected and remembered. 
NEW: Hackers believed to be working for the Vietnamese government have been trying hack the personal and professional email accounts of staff at China’s Ministry of Emergency Management and the Wuhan government since early Jan 
This is what's happening in a nutshell as far as I can tell. WHO, CDC, Bill Gates, Gates foundation, World Bank, Wuhan Institute of Virology and others were hacked and ppl are connecting the dots. COVID19 is man made virus. SARS spliced with HIV. May have been spread on purpose. 
Wuhan as on today morning ...so we need patience. 
Bill Gates, WHO and a lab in Wuhan China accounts hacked. The truth behind the coronavirus outbreak may  out will not be what people are expecting. Let's wait and see. 
So WHO, Gates Foundation and Wuhan Labs got hacked over night....Wow! It’s about to be a showdown 
Confirmed reports: Hackers have successfully hacked accounts belonging to Bill Gates, WHO, and a lab in Wuhan. They are looking for the truth behind the coronavirus outbreak and its Funding. The truth that  out w 
The Wuhan virus has past its peak. Hospitals have more empty beds than usual. Countries without a lockdown like Sweden & Japan have fared better than the UK. By continuing with a lockdown now, the government is unnecessarily killing businesses & livelihoods. It is time to end it.
HOT PERSON: *moves into the neighbourhood* ME: 
Gates was hacked last night, along with the WHO and Wuhan labs!! 
PRESIDENT TRUMP JUST ANNOUNCED THAT THE "BIOLOGICAL" LAB IN WUHAN WHERE THE COVID-19 VIRUS WAS CREATED WAS "FUNDED" BY PRESIDENT BARAK HUSSEIN OBAMA IN 2015 TO THE TUNE OF $3,800,000 AMERICAN DOLLARS!!! THIS FACT DIRECTLY LINKS OBAMA TO ALL 150,000 DEATHS AROUND THE WORLD!
This from the WSJ, an extremely cautious publication: All evidence points to Wuhan labs  …
Bill Gates, WHO and Wuhan Lab hacked!! 
wuhan p4 lab network has neen hacked, vast no. of documents leaked out. 
When is the USA going to pay reparations to the city of Wuhan for the 40 000 they killed through firebombing, plus the infrastructure damage? 
My latest on how Trevor Noah of @TheDailyShow became a favorite in the Chinese state media for his searing criticism of the U.S. mishandling of the pandemic while Chinese writers and vloggers are criticized and disappeared for doing the same out of Wuhan.  …
This matches what Wuhan doctors told reporters last week - even among 3,600 medical staff at a Wuhan hospital, who would likely have more exposure than the general population to COVID, antibodies were only found in 2.4% of them.  …
Healthcare Workers and First Responders can now get the at-home Wuhan Virus test from Labcorp. In  weeks availability will be expanded. Here's the link: 
Nearly 25,000 email addresses and passwords allegedly from NIH, WHO, Gates Foundation and the Wuhan Institute of Virology are dumped online  … @washingtonpost
AG Barr says he may go after Governors who persist on authoritarian China Wuhan Virus lock down orders. YOU LEFTIES WONT WIN THIS WAR . IF BARR DOESN'T CONVINCE YOU @realDonaldTrump CAN FEDERALIZE YOUR NATIONAL GUARD AND FORCE YOU !!! paint my country 
MUST-SEE VIDEO:  How China hid the truth about the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan. Featuring Chinese dissident & former political prisoner Yang Jianli, the most informed & courageous person I know fighting Xi Jinping's tyranny. From #COVIDcon @OsloFF 
Numbers I was told from Wuhan were 80% to 90% mortality rate for invasive ventilators. Those are not good odds.
When I talked to doctors in Wuhan, they  against invasive ventilators & in favor of non-invasive
Rush hour traffic returns to #Wuhan, the city hit hardest by the #COVID19 in Central China's Hubei province. The lockdown in the city was lifted on April 8. (Photos via China 
The murderer, the #chinesevirus ! She was the #CCP Party Secretary of #Wuhan Central Hospital, she SILENCED the Doctors in Dec.2019, told them not to wear masks for “social stability”, caused lots doctors’ death. Her husband made selling medical supplies. Her name is Cai, Li. 
Tonight’s @seanhannity Thread. Peter Navarro says China spawn The virus probably in the lab then hid the virus behind the @WHO. Over a six week period that let thousands of people leave Wuhan and seed the world. Then they vacuumed up all the #PPE. 
Words/phrases I never want to hear again: --Chinese/Wuhan virus --Anti-lockdown protest --Influencer --Herd immunity --Open the economy --In it together --President Trump
It's a war crime. Sen. Tom Cotton says that Chinese leaders “intentionally” allowed the Chinese coronavirus to infect other countries by restricting travel from Wuhan to the rest of China while allowing people in Wuhan to fly all over the world. 
Chinese Communist Party, Your actions are now killing millions of innocent ppl. The world wants to see your Wuhan Lab bc the world knows that your accident likely caused all this death. You refuse, freak out, & cry, "National security!" Nothing suspicious there.
BREAKING: It is being reported that the Gates Foundation, World Health Organization and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and thousands of emails, passwords, and documents have been leaked online.
Interesting: When Wuhan was locked down on Jan. 23, some countries showed utter unconcern and even schadenfreude. A month later, the virus struck Italy, then Europe fell silent. Two weeks on, the outbreak hit the U.S., it didn't keep silent, but rather started buck-passing.
The lawsuit points to Chinese authorities' early suppression of news of the virus when it broke out in Wuhan, including detentions of whistleblowers.  …
haven’t seen him since Trump was asked at briefing about the 3.7M - fauci reportedly used w/o permission to move the virus to wuhan...  …
Two Americas: George Stephanopoulos Takes a Walk In Public While Contagious With Wuhan Virus  …
Are any attorneys willing to sue Fauci for gross negligence, or worse, for his role in this hoax (his role in virus origination from UNC transferred to Wuhan; same death rate as flu or less) while profiting from it by pushing Gates' vaccine & dismissing role of other drugs?
What a joke! China sent a destroyer named Wuhan to harass Malaysia's West Capella drillship.  …
"There is to this day no factual evidence corroborating the information recently circulating in the United States press that establishes a link between the origins of COVID-19 and the work of the P4 laboratory of Wuhan, China," a French official said. 
“Many speculating Gates Foundation is linked to research of ‘gain of function.’..where scientists add deadly features to a virus. It was outlawed in the US in 2015 by a moratorium & research was all migrated to Wuhan & Dr. Fauci funneled $4 million USD  his research.”
Example: the maga-web really wants you to believe that this hack happened and thus “proved” a link between Gates, WHO, and Wuhan on COVID (no) Proof  any day, says whatever Q-like prophet these people are snorting. The proof is that there isn’t any! 
After 80 days of news reporting in Wuhan, I am going home today!  – at 武汉站 Wuhan Railway Station
I wrote about how hacking tells a story Example: today the maga-web exploded w/ a conspiracy that the Gates Foundation, WHO, & a lab in Wuhan have all been hacked, insinuating their collective guilt in COVID (nope) Read more on hacking as narrative:  …
1. @maddow's guest yesterday was one of the first knowledgeable people I recall from February or March, @nytimes reporter Donald McNeil. He initially reported what we needed to be done to match Wuhan. One thing reported was use of small CT scanners. They had many CT machines.
Bill Maher Explains Why You Should Call it the China Wuhan Virus:  … #WuhanVirus #coronavirus #ChinaVirus
Liu Ouqing was party secretary of the Wuhan Grain Bureau in the 1990s, responsible for ensuring that the city had enough to eat. Later, he helped establish what is now known as Wuhan Business University. He died on January 29 in Wuhan. He was 78. 
The all too familiar scene, this time mass graves in Brazil as their President pursues the so called, herd immunity from a Coronavirus that is likely a bio-weapon from Wuhan. 
The wuhan virus is not from a wet market...it’s straight outta the lab. Case & point.
7/ In China and other places, centralized isolation was a key part of their strategy to slow down clusters at home, which were noted to be an early driver of their outbreak in #Wuhan Singapore, w/ a new resurgence, has also used a major expo center as a field isolation facility
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) says that Chinese leaders “intentionally” allowed the Chinese coronavirus to infect other countries by restricting travel from Wuhan to the rest of China while allowing people in Wuhan to fly all over the world. 
CMEF Postponement Announcement: The 83rd CMEF in Shanghai has been rescheduled to October 19-22, 2020. Health and safety are always the priorities for Wuhan BBT Medicals. 
We might found out soon, WHO and Gate’s foundation hacked, some info released suggest they were splicing HIV with coronavirus in Wuhan lab.  …
Today is 22 April 2020 & that is three months after the Wuhan lock-down & we are no closer to normalization of the world. Singapore extended its lock-down to 1 June & it's among the most capable of handing it (small island  bureaucrats, law-abiding citizens)  …
how are nurses even able to leave work to do this? Aren't they overworked with Wuhan cases?? More likely they are Paid Protesters wearing the current coat of armor
Ok..ya know how I'll know when I'm over the Wuhan Ching chong flu? When I can pick up a godamn 5 pound dumbell without coughing up a lung!! It's an amusing little fucka, ain't it??
Wuhan virus cases on decline, epi curve flattened, let’s begin re-opening WA State...we need to get economy back on track @GovInslee @Sakharov @PressSec @ScottPresler @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @VP  
This is true. Based on scientists in Yonsei Uni in Korea, Covid in US is from Italy’s strain which mutated from original Wuhan virus. Korea had Wuhan virus, type S & said the mutated virus in US was 4 times faster in infection rate. Korea is bracing for a new mutation to arrive.  …
This makes sense as to why @elonmusk gave out the machines that he did. First I have heard he talked directly to the doctors in Wuhan. Now the NIH is warning against invasive ventilators being used too soon.  …
I think that it makes it possible to find a lot of asymptomatic people. But I think Wuhan started the exam with a temperature. Every hot person got tested.
BREAKING: It is being reported that the Gates Foundation, World Health Organization and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and thousands of emails, passwords, and documents have been leaked online. 
A friend of mine survived Wuhan Virus precisely bc of this treatment, so I don’t buy your “orange man bad” narrative. On another note, and more importantly, I’ve heard you talk a lot but it’s never about bettering the country. Your entire brand is that of a contrarian.
#Wuhan resumes city bus services, including interprovincial lines and rail transit network, on Wed. The capacity to be adjusted according to the passenger flow. Passengers must show their health code and undergo temperature screening before getting on board. 
What I find interesting is that the U.S. gov the other day started to entertain the idea that #COVID19 could have been a #BioWeapon Now we learn that #WHO, #GatesFoundation, and #Wuhan's virology lab have all been hacked! Seems like interesting timing with the hack doesn't it?
Between October of 2019 and January 31, 2020, residents of Wuhan China entered the United States. They may still be here. But here's the fun part. The U.S. State Department knows EXACTLY who these people are. Sadly, why did you have to learn this from little old ME?
With the censorship in China, CCP exported African swine fever in pigs to the whole Asia in 2019, and #Wuhan #coronavirus to the whole world in 2020 CCP will do more harm to the world if it is still existing 
Myself and Wuhan, my pet fish, are really connecting. He listened to me cry last night, it’s getting pretty serious homie even stayed facing me and lamented a “glub, gloop” and blew some bubbles 
I’m not convinced that it doesn’t work just because a bunch of buffoons decided to write an article. It’s TDS plain and simple. Please don’t take it. I will...IF I even get the Chinese Wuhan Flu.
Institutional media trying to associate Neo-Nazis with the hack of the Wuhan Virology Institute, WHO, and Gates Foundation. If you think about it a little bit, that makes zero fucking sense. Desperate attempt to cover their asses before  out.  …
Today is going to be extra because apparently hackers have hacked emails of Gates Foundation, WHO and Wuhan Labs.
He call me smart girl..... Apko log kya lgta hai?
Wuhan Virus Numbers: Nightly Update April 20, 2020 – as of 2359 GMT  …
The skin of two doctors - tested positive for the Corona Virus in Wuhan turned dark after two months of treatment. What is China using to treat its Corona Virus patients? From White to Dark Made In China What would you expect?  …
Hope this offends more than a suggested travel ban during a Wuhan outbreak @TheSocialCTV ! #cancelthesocial @CTVToronto  …
Gates foundation + WHO + Wuhan institute was hacked. Passwords leaked. Hoping for a humane wikileaks wire to take care of all narrative setting and #Covid_19 propaganda. #GatesHacked 
More Proof COVID-19 Is a Bioweapon Made in Wuhan Lab! Join Our Class Action vs. ChiComs at   …
A new study led by Wuhan University & @UniMelbMDHS researchers, has found strict measures used in a Wuhan hospital to prevent high-risk inflammatory bowel disease patients from contracting #COVID19, could provide a model for health services 
Anyone have any actual confirmed news about the Wuhan lab, WHO and gates foundation mails getting hacked? Any important piece of information about the virus  about? There is too much clutter and misinformation about this on Twitter.
All the countries below have their own spies operating in China (including in Wuhan), so no spy noticed the coronavirus outbreak in December or had a read on the scale of the deaths in Jan-Feb? Nothing from the many Five Eyes operatives in China either? Simply hard to believe.  …
. @rushlimbaugh @BoSnerdley maybe you could talk about this tomorrow instead of nonstop Wuhan virus?  …
Nobel winning scientist claims Covid-19 virus was man-made in Wuhan lab:  …
Kerala: dense population, high international tourists, returning waves of Gulf workers. And med students returning from Wuhan! A succinct account of the Kerala miracle. The groundwork was laid much earlier. @bsindia @mohitoz @karthiks @beastoftraal @DuttaAnirudha 
BILL GATES is a VIRUS! It is being reported that the Gates Foundation, World Health Organization and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and thousands of emails, passwords, and documents have been leaked online. 
According to @azfamily one of the nurses (Lauren Leander) came to protest us after taking care of Wuhan Virus patients for a while thus putting everyone at risk. She could have easily been asymptomatic 
Once she returned to the U.S., she initially had trouble convincing those around her to wear a mask—though they all wanted to distance themselves from someone who had flown in from Wuhan. "I kept thinking, why aren’t they doing a lockdown?" 
Evidence SARS-CoV-2 Emerged From a Biological Laboratory in Wuhan, China  
Wuhan virus  of Dem versus Rep controlled states, as of 4/20/20 Dem: NY, NJ, MA, PA, CA, MI, IL LA, CT, MD Pop: 104.8 million Cases: 571,161 Deaths: 34,626 Rep: TX, FL, OH, AZ, TN, IN, MO, SC, AL, OK Pop: 103.1 million Cases: 97,150 Deaths: 2,626
In fact, there may have been other scientists from other countries involved in manipulating the coronavirus. Regardless, it would appear that —either through malicious intent or inadvertently—a manipulated coronavirus strain escaped the lab in Wuhan. So who do we blame?
Confirmed reports: Hackers have successfully hacked accounts belonging to Bill Gates, WHO, and a lab in Wuhan. They are looking for the truth behind the coronavirus outbreak and its Funding. The truth that  out will not be what people are expecting. Relax 
At the beginning of the month, I said that due to the Jupiter and Pluto alignment in Capricorn, something major would be exposed soon about the government. I was weeks early, but look, the WHO, the Bill Gates Foundation, + Wuhan Institute of Health have all allegedly been HACKED.
Did you consider CBD infused essential oils to protect you from the 5G that Hillary installed with the Chinese to capture bats in Benghazi as a decoys for the Wuhan lab that created the virus ordered by the deep state so they could have Obama take our guns... - I ran out of crazy
“Defense experts who have reviewed information about military movements in the area... said that Chinese warship has been operating off the coast of Malaysia. The destroyer is called the Wuhan, named after the city where the coronavirus outbreak began.”  …
BREAKING: the Gates Foundation, World Health Organization and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and thousands of emails, passwords, and documents have been leaked online.’ – magAMedia  …
Did the coronavirus escape from a Wuhan virology lab? Chinese and U.S. colleagues of virologist She Zhengli say no way, but speculation is rife 
Wikipedia trained #MedicalMusk still doesn't get it. Elon Musk said he was donating ventilators. He did not. How REAL MEDICAL doctors choose to treat coronavirus patients is irrelevant to Musk's false claims. Doctors in Wuhan lied to the world, just like Musk. 
US President Trump's announcement that his administration will investigate the origins of the coronavirus has given new life to conspiracy theories that it was engineered from a Wuhan lab. 
The Gates, WHO and Wuhan institute hack is INSANE.
Seeking truth from facts. Academics should agree more. Without evidence, British historian Niall Ferguson accused China of sending virus by not cancelling flights to world from Wuhan after lockdown. Reminded, he insisted on the allegation. Will he stand the test of history?  …
Fauci’s job to be abreast of all Covid-19 articles. Why did he not acknowledge this one: On 2/24/20 China’s Shi Zhengli, Wuhan's Level-4 "bat lady”, co-authored a notice in the journal Cell Research stating that remdesivir & chloroquine were effective treatments for Covid-19.  …
Steve, why would you hold @realDonaldTrump and all of his supporters for the Wuhan, Chinese Coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China and used on their own citizens for  They then spread it throughout the world. You can't be this ignorant or are you? #DUH
Wuhan to Shanghai- 520 mi Wuhan to Beijing- 716 mi Wuhan to Milan- 5,400 mi Wuhan to NY- 7,477 mi Coronavirus started in Wuhan yet there's no effect of it in Beijing or Shanghai? But many deaths in Italy, Iran, Europe & USA. All business areas of China- safe. Modern Warfare? YES
 from the Biochemical Laboratory in Fort Detrick, Maryland. The virus is made in the United States, not from the Wuhan laboratory in China. We put the virus to China. We want China to be a scapegoat. Long live America！ 
The guy in the Wuhan market that claims his bat soup is 100% safe to slurp.
40 years in the Ag industry, not one day of EI, bricklaying before that, I hear you...The liberals are going to ruin many more lives than this Wuhan virus.  …
Never had the Wuhan 
Virus doesn't look at voting records. Wuhan separated families by infection & nailed doors shut to keep ppl quarantined. Italy did what South is doing & nearly wiped out before smartening up. They got it before us & are still at home. Can deliver facts: can't make people heed.
We all know God moves in mysterious ways. Well, things are heating up. There's a hack job being reported involving the Wuhan lab, the WHO and the Gates Fdn that is reportedly a honey pot operation. Don't RT docs containing passwords that are floating around. You may get your
Spill the tea sis
Took a trip to the the mall recently in my new area in Wuhan, most of the shops were open but restaurants were blocked off like this. I wil post a video later on my YouTube channel  … about my trip to the mall #Corona 
The picture of Wuhan is the image of hope. If people of Wuhan can  this crisis, so we can. It simply requires will power & determination. Let us be hopeful, the virus will be defeated & life would be normal once again.
Heartening to see the picture of Chinese city, Wuhan, where life is returning to normalcy again after the tough battle with #Covid_19. People fought against the virus resolutely & pandemic is under control 
WHO, Wuhan Institute and Bill Gates did not get hacked, it’s recycled information, disinformation  of emails, passwords from different databases and that people can make it appear like ANY organization got hacked. In short it’s Q and right wing propaganda. 
Who is Dr Zhengli Shi #GatesHacked So, this is one of the alleged Gates Foundation & Wuhan Institute of virology Hacked email screenshot. Not sure of the authenticity (~ ISRC). Stunning/Shocking if true.. #Hacked #databreach #CCPVirus #Anonymous #cybercrime 
Misleading statement from NIH. The big concern has been that COVID-19 had escaped from the Wuhan lab -- NOT that it had been engineered there as a "bioweapon." The Bret Baier story describes "multiple sources" having "increasing confidence" that "patient zero" worked in the lab.  …
#FireFauci , not only that, he’s directly responsible for the #Wuhan lab research that “accidentally” released the #coronavirus  …
Dr. Fauci is currently being investigated for giving $3.4 million to a Wuhan virology lab in 2015. Guy is a criminal.
Tracking Down the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus 
It's been 3 months since CNN's @David_Culver reported from Wuhan, China, the original epicenter of Covid-19. As the city reemerges from the deadly outbreak that's now infected more than 2.5m people worldwide, CNN returns to see what life is like in Wuhan  
If you think about it; the Wuhan Virus sent us all to “the hole” solitary confinement and no Gen-Pop for us... 
It’s slow walk rhetoric. Fauci was involved with the transfer of the corona virus to Wuhan in 2014. Gates got a patent on it. They need to be STOPPED. NOW.
So the Wuhan wet markets have reopened with sensible regulations Does that mean if there is yellow mallo custard dripping from a dead dog's eye it can't be sold? What if the dog is alive?
The most important news of the day - Wuhan Institution of Virology, Gates Foundation, World Health Organization have all been hacked and thousands of emails, passwords, and documents have been leaked online. One email shows Dr. Zhengli Shi might be who unleashed the #CCPVirus
Next Gk question: Which place in Nepal is called Wuhan of Nepal? Ans: Udaypur
If there is something found in here that shows the Wuhan lab knew something, ES is limit down tonight. Kills any hope for a trade deal and geopolitically puts China in hell. This is not priced in at all.  …
Susan Seats couldn’t wait for life to get back to normal after she was evacuated from Wuhan. Instead, the 69-year-old Chicago native now finds herself again at the epicenter, watching the hallmarks of the pandemic play out all over again. @StephanieAYang 
Obama funded the engineered bioweapon released from Wuhan #war #wakeup 
The Gates Foundation, The WHO and the Wuhan Lab was hacked today. Emails, recorded calls, documents all leaked. Get your popcorn ready, it’s gonna be an interesting week.
7:00 AM Wed,22nd April 2020 Blantyre, Malawi.
Your love, Lord , reaches to the heavens, your faithfulness to the skies. Psalms 36:5 NIV 
Wuhan Zoo has reopen on Wed after three months' operation halt due to #COVID19. Visitors must present a health code and have their temperature taken before entering and must wear a mask during their visit to prevent 
I tried to forget about some main menu music @annexuo showed me, but theres an issue with that. While hopping into a couple of wuhan Pcs in wuhan, i look in the documents of one of them and found this image while helping my sister homebrew a wiiu. .... read more 
#NutritionInCovid19 Food is medicine when you're 
In the beginning I doubted myself, told myself I need some things that I could not obtain by myself to be great. FUCK THAT
He knew coz he funded this in Wuhan..  … Wakeup ...
Maybe he was trying to say Jeff 
China stopped all travel from Wuhan to other parts of China but let those people fly all over the world while knowing that coronavirus was a "severe" pandemic How can that not be viewed as China intentionally allowing the coronavirus to spread around the world?  …
Bill Gates Foundation, WHO & Wuhan Institute of  hacked amd lots of emails & documents leaked online. Bill Gates hosted a forum on the Coronavirus just 3 months before this outbreak hit...and now he's heading up the vaccine task force. 
BREAKING- WHO, CDC, Bill Gates, Wuhan Lab ALL Hacked and Taken Over!  COVID 19: Anonymous Hacks Bill Gates, WHO and CDC!  Anonymous Message to Bill Gates!  (Published on 30 Mar 
A purge unfolding in Wuhan, targeting doctors who rang #COVID19 alarms? First it was #LiWenliang, who died of COVID Feb 7. Then. Ai Fen, who vanished at the end of March. Now Yu Xiangdong has disappeared, denounced for inappropriate online speech.  …
I’ll be just fine
I know of someone who's family came back from Wuhan in December. Parents were sick. She got sick. Her boss got sick. Before the New Year. 3 week flu.
Do you ever regret the bridges you have burned?
Gates Foundation, WHO and Wuhan Institute of Virology hacking is the biggest news after wikileaks. 
Wuhan lab WHO Bill gates Foundation accounts hacked n information leaked online.. It's mainly being highlighted that Dr Zhengli Shi would have been the one who initiated the process of spreading the virus... #coronaupdates Hoping to see many other mails to be 
Alright let’s stick to some facts here. Wuhan institute of Virology is fairly  to the other Virology labs in America and around the world.They messed up in Wuhan they are babies over there. They knew they fucked up. Like it’s only 3 years old 
UPDATE: Two Chinese doctors who were critically ill with #COVIDー19 in Wuhan hospital regained consciousness only to find that their skin has turned dark. It was caused by hormonal imbalances after their livers were damaged by the virus, reported Chinese state media 
*China rejects Donald Trump's demand to allow US team to Wuhan to probe COVID-19* Meanwhile Trump: 
Shame on you for this garbage
Now is the time of the novel coronavirus global crisis, I just as a personal opinion do not have any more “Chinese virus”, OK? The people of Wuhan have made great efforts to study for the people of the world, so we should unite as one now, instead of starting to intrigue. 
A story from Wuhan. You can find us and on YouTube by searching "thely show"  
NYC pads the Wuhan/China virus death count by 3,700 with dead who never tested positive.  …
Organizations affected by the Hackers 1) Gates Foundation, 2) World Health Organizations 3) NIH 4) Center for Disease Control 5) Wuhan Institute of Virology 6) World Bank Source: Washington Post  
How is it remotely possible that this virus spread to ever corner of the world but Beijing and Shanghai which are right next to Wuhan have not had any issues and or the rest of China everywhere else it’s out of control the entire world just not one of the worlds populated area
And you don't think that's a psyop within it's self... You are aware the  from the Wuhan Market in mid December, which was parroted at length was also false? And we knew this in late January.  …
Aliens  to Earth because in 6 months they'd end up hanging from a rack in a wet market in Wuhan.
Yes, they are lying through graphs. And also in many other respects.
Then this.... hacked from Wuhan #QanonArmy 
I'm impressed that Farhad Manjoo thinks it is wise to "shut down" the nation's largest pork producer in the midst of a crisis that may end in serious global food shortages. Now THAT is clear thinking.
WHO, Bill gates foundation, wuhan Institute of virology all got hacked.... And information leaked shows covid19 was a man made disaster..... To all the people who did this salute to you man great job #GatesFoundation
Is methodism dead?
I am beginning to feel 1/2 the people want the Wuhan flu to take out the other 1/2 the people. What a mind fuck yo....Are we getting played or are we gonna play ??
Sign me up for the 
@XHNews Why did the CCP on 1/23/2020 lock down Wuhan not allowing anyone in or out & restricting travel from Wuhan to any other cities in China But, allowed 5 million to fly to the US & EU countries,Then call the US racist when we locked down? @actofwar
WHO is Chinese Dog... we don't accept their Naming of Coronavirus as COVID19... Those who oppose WHO please name the Virus as ... Chinese-virus or Wuhan-virus.. #CCP_is_terrorist
I'll never forgive Wuhan for making me miss the first full season of La Stella / Trout / Rendon / Ohtani / Upton
Who is that Twi'lek goddess???
Lol this time it’s really an earth day, we are fucking parasites now being hunted by a #CCPVirus #EarthDay
Wuhan embraces Yangtze River as virus-hit city reopens  …
"Screening passengers" was worth dog shit....  …
The Wuhan virus and why we should pull out of NAFTA!
How, where?
So the Gates Foundation, WHO and Wuhan Institute of Virology have all been hacked and people are logging in via SSH and downloading everything, and I mean everything.
Don't want to sugar coating it. From the very day Wuhan lockdown, ppl travelled from Wuhan were treated like plague. No hotels, landlords accept them, some slept on street in winter till local government collected them to appointed 
More stupid propaganda... Masks are dangerous and actually hold the viruses the idiots are believing they block! You sneeze and my mask catches the spray, what do you think will happen next? Many in Wuhan were masks for over a year or two because of the air pollution. Help? NO 
@AUThackeray Firstly, thanks for the incredible work and your proactive efforts to help and support the people of Maharashtra at this time. We supply speedy “Wuhan like” prefab solutions for hospitals / infra etc. Pls let me know if I can help. Thanks. 
ICU patients are cleared out in Wuhan. Doctors claiming they are virus-free. But a family member tells us that her father is still critically ill. China’s export industry is suffering as the CCP virus hit worldwide economies.
I spoke to a friend today that's a doctor, he said within a 35 mile radius of where we were we had 9 deaths in 2 days, 7 suicides 2 murders. In this area only 4 deaths from Wuhan virus since January  …
What about the "Hoax", "Flu", "Do not wear mask"? Aren't they disinformation? About about all the conspiracy theory about Chinese virus, lab in Wuhan, discredit China's number. All disinformation? Are those disinformation campaigns? propaganda?
Don Shoman East of that. Rode my bike there with my season pass every day in the summer to swim.
I think the problem is that these tests have a false positive rate that can be 2-5%. So getting a positive rate of 4% could mean nobody has had the disease. Does it seem reasonable that Wuhan medical workers would have a similar Ab rate to randoms off the street in LA?
Bill Gates owns the patent for the wuhan virus n ran a mock pandemic is his lab building to see what would happen..now Bill Gates wants to vaccinate everyone...researching does help n the WHO is already a proven CCP puppet
No offense but Kuwait already sounds suckish
I believe the Covid-19 is from P4. But Wuhan Institute of Technology and P4 lab are all in south of Yangtz River and the seafood market is in the north of the Yangtz River. It will never pass through seafood market from Wuhan Institute of Technology to P4 lab. This story not true
And, it’s been reported, some of that money the US did spend on biomedical research may have gone to the Wuhan research labs that study coronaviruses.
#therevolution In January and March2018,American scientists visited the Wuhan Virology Institute,which three years earlier had  the first laboratory in China to achieve the highest level of international safety. How could they make a biological weapon under their own noses? 
China rejects demand to allow an international team to Wuhan to probe Coronavirus, and Mamata Banerjee @MamataOfficial blocked Central teams from assessing the COVID-19 situation in West Bengal. One tries to hide its conspiracy, and the other tries to hide its failures.
I want to know did @Harvard know about the virus!? Arrest Jan28 travel to Wuhan shut down 3 days later. Coincidence, I think not !  …
Well they are in a partnership with Wuhan Institute so there’s also that....  …
The Chinese Communist Party’s “Knowing Responsibility” for The Wuhan Virus and Pandemic – and Their Global Consequences  …
Virus creation = USA UNC BSL-3 2015 #SHC014 = #COVID19 Origin of outbreak = Wuhan 
Food for  …
Organizations affected by the Hackers 1) Gates Foundation, 2) World Health Organizations 3) NIH 4) Center for Disease Control 5) Wuhan Institute of Virology 6) World Bank Source: Washington Post 
Along with their ties to the lab in Wuhan.
#CommunistChina wouldn't allow travel from Wuhan to other parts of China, but allowed travel to the rest of the world. Looks more and more like a #Plannedemic coordinated after failed impeachment by #NanXiPelosi, Democrat/Fascists , Gates Foundation, WHO and  …
