Ask and you shall receive! I received several requests for signed prints of my Dr. Fauci charcoal/pencil drawing So they are now available at my sale price Order here:  … Now, more than ever: RETWEET AND SUPPORT THE ARTS #SupportArtists 
Is anyone else a little nervous that Trump's going to try to fire Dr. Fauci?  …
Your occasional reminder that Anthony Fauci has held one job since 1984.  …
 from Dr Fauci on his relationship with POTUS. By @maureendowd Thank God the Doctor Is 
Dr Fauci, don’t start defending Trump. He is not speaking hope; he is selling snake oil.  …
FFS this poor guy is in his 70s and is all that is standing between us and the looming disaster. I'm sure he's thinking he is there to try and save us as much as he can. Fauci is a hero And MSM needs to stop airing these "pressers". Stop it.
Dr. Fauci Refutes Trump’s Denial Of Medical Supply Shortage: ‘It Is Happening’  
Jan 29th President Trump forms is COVID-19 task force chaired by VP Pence, and headed by Alex Azar, Dr. Deborah Birx, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Robert R. Redfield, Surgeon Gen. Dr. Jerome Adams, Dr. Ben Carson,
You know trump wants to fire Fauci as bad as he wanted to fire mueller. Trump can't even mean tweet Fauci like he did Mueller! It is driving trump CRAZY. I give fauci another month before he "resigns."
"I don’t want to act like a tough guy, like I stood up to the president. I just want to get the facts out. And instead of saying, ‘You’re wrong,’ all you need to do is continually talk about what the data are and what the evidence is," says Dr. Fauci 
Fauci is part of the globalist establishment. President Trump should add some fresh medical professionals to the task force who consider new innovative ways of medical treatments. Fauci is a harden dinosaur who thinks he knows it all.
Elitist, naysaying, Hillary-loving bureaucrats like Dr. Fauci of NIH are gumming up the works & we don't have time for their tsk-tsking. Let's roll out these new treatments ASAP, especially for COVID-19 patients with worsening pneumonia. Like POTUS says, what do we have to lose?
A look back at what Fauci and his colleagues did during their decades of pushing fear and the spending of billions of dollars of funding for HIV-AIDS is instructive.  …
Trump does the "Dr. Fauci would have liked more time" thing, looking at the Doctor to nod in agreement. But, bless him, Dr. Fauci just bowed his head and didn't even have eye contact with Trump. I've worked in Courts, this is a tactic used by defendants when covering up.
Ya know what? I’m a little sick and tired of fauci biting his tongue and trying to dance around trump. Fauci Should get up there and scare the shit out of everyone to stay home. That’s it.
I watched the press conference. Fauci said there was nothing  between his scientific stance that requires more evidence & #Trump's optimism re drugs that have been used successfully to treat #COVID19. He did NOT warn against Trump's statement.
I’ve said it before. When we get through this, I want to read Fauci’s account of how he had to put up with Trump in order to try to save us. (Thank you, Doc).  …
Dr Fauci is basically trying to say, trump you’re a nutcase.  …
1988: @AnnCompton asks Bush & Dukakis who their heroes are, "point out to young Americans as figures who should inspire this country?" Bush: "Fauci ...top doctor at NIH, working hard doing something about research on this disease of AIDS" 
. @realDonaldTrump , @POTUS , @WhiteHouse , @RudyGiuliani , @CDCgov , @VP, @VPPressSec , @PressSec , @SecretService (someone needs to carefully monitor Dr. Fauci when he is near the President. )  …
Mark Zuckerberg talks coronavirus with Anthony Fauci on Facebook Live  
Wash Post asking networks to stop broadcasting live Trump updates. He’s using these in lieu of campaign rallies and criticizing Dems. Gave himself a 10. Blames Obama for not being prepared. Let Fauci carry the load here. We believe what he tells us. Trump’s lies make this worse
Fauci has been in DC for a very long time and knows how to navigate the politics and bureaucracy, it's an art form rarely seen among scientists.
Dr. Fauci demonstrates when it is appropriate to touch your face. #resist #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica #VoteBlue2020 
Dr. Fauci is a super hero in so many ways.
“I don’t want to act like a tough guy, like I stood up to the president. I just want to get the facts out. And instead of saying, ‘You’re wrong,’ all you need to do is continually talk about what the data are and what the evidence is.” - Dr. Fauci #fauciforpresident  …
I couldn’t agree more. I’m obsessed w/ what Fauci’s is going through. Also has anyone else had part of their childhood destroyed because they stumbled upon Chuck Woolery here & discovered he’s a crazy conspiracy-monger…who, among other things, is gaslighting people about Fauci? 
"Dr. Anthony Fauci warns against following Trump's medical advice"  …
Me, too. And Dr. Fauci has to stand there and try very hard to keep a straight face while diplomatically correcting the idiot-in-chief  …
Amazing, way back then...Dr. Fauci  …
Careful observers have noted that after the almost daily WH briefings Fauci often runs to Trump-hating media like CNN to contradict — usually with a degree of nuance that gives him plausible deniability — what the president has just said.  …
Good grief. Finding reputable updates and data on COVID-19 is really next to impossible on this gosh darn platform. I think I’m going to stick with listening to Dr. Fauci and leave it at that. He’s no BS with the facts and won’t give the media the panic they desperately seek.
"Thank you, Doc" - Indeed. Country over self. Dr. Fauci is a true hero. Hope he is able to keep it up.
Honest question here. Trump-Pence-Fauci told us that testing is not necessary if you have no symptoms. What symptoms are Trump/Pence having? Why were they so close to each other not respecting social-distancing? Just really concerned for them... @maddow @djc795 @CMichaelGibson
I’m so impressed by Fauci. Amazing human. He is having to navigate a pandemic and politics and Trump. But he is doing so with class and is the very top of his profession. Unbelievable leadership on his part. To even not totally throw Trump under bus but also correct him.  …
I pray that the Corona Task Force doesn't lead Trump down the wrong path for our country and for his reelection. Fauci and Birx are not supporters of POTUS, they are both long established swamp creatures. Fauci is not a Hillary supporter, he's a Hillary lover!
I feel COMPLETELY DUPED after watching the video of Dr Fauci talking about the H1N1  to the Wuhan Flu. He used MANY of the same warnings and precautionary statements yet H1N1 was a blip in the news. I want to know WHY the #WuhanFlu has  this disaster!!!
WATCH — At a 1988 debate Bush & Dukakis get asked who their heroes are who should inspire BUSH: "DR. Fauci... top doctor at NIH, working hard doing something about research on this disease of AIDS.” h/t 
Supports the theory that Pence, Azar and (to a lesser extent) Fauci lavish praise on POTUS to ensure they stay involved on COVID-19 task force. Which is probably wise.  …
So Fauci pretty much called Trump a liar on national TV, in front of Trump’s face.  …
@marklevinshow to VP Mike Pence: don't we have a right to be angry at the regime in #China for covering up #coronavirus. Life, Liberty & Levin Sunday at 8pm with Pence & Dr Fauci! #Covid_19 
Dr Fauci is doing a very difficult job. He’s smart enough to know that people who speak truth to power in the Trump administration quickly get fired. On the other hand he knows he must stem the flow of fake  from the president he stands next to every day.  …
Dr. Fauci is mistaken. There in fact have been "clinical trials" on the efficacy of using Chloroquine for treating patients w COVID-19. Trials w control groups conducted last month on 100 patients in 10 Chinese hospitals. Results:Chloroquine far superior to the control treatments
FACT-CHECK: The Washington Post distorts Dr. Fauci's words in order to defend Italy's 'open borders' policies 
This is the best and most repeatable visual for any Trump-Fauci press conference.  …
IF FAUCI CAME ON IN A HAZMAT SUIT... And declared Trump a lethal health threat he could run for President and win in a landslide.  …
Seventy-nine year-old Anthony Fauci has  the grandfatherly captain of the coronavirus crisis. 
Nice lighthearted moment from today's briefing Glad to hear POTUS is making sure Dr. Fauci isn't running a fever! 
This is awesome #Fauci  …
Dr Fauci on Trump's pushing untested miracle drugs (probably because he's investing in them): "I'm not totally sure what the president is referring to." You. Just. Can't. Make. This. Stuff. Up.
"The Fairy Tale President." - Trump is focused on promoting magic cure for #coronavirus. He’s doing this even after Dr. Tony Fauci cautioned yesterday efficacy of treatment Trump is talking about is “anecdotal” and has yet to be properly tested.  …
This scam perpetuated by this NIH bureaucrat will backfire on the deep state and cause ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ to emerge stronger than ever. Political Health – The Motives of a Very, Very, Political Dr. Fauci.  …
Lotta people miss this point. Dr Fauci and Dr Birx are well intentioned, but they're not thinking about American society and a collapsing economy. POTUS is largely the only one in the room who has to consider the bigger picture.  …
10/13/1988 debate: @AnnCompton asks Bush & Dukakis who their heroes are, "point out to young Americans as figures who should inspire this country?" Bush: "Fauci ...top doctor at NIH, working hard doing something about research on this disease of AIDS" h/t @mschlapp via 
Extraordinarily well. Trump called MSM reports a hoax; he said China virus will likely reduce when weather warms just as the flu does; the fatality rate is lower than that of the flu; Dr. Fauci is a Clinton supporting plant & his claim against Rx only anecdotal has been disproven  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci explains how the COVID-19 coronavirus spreads, and why it is more serious than  cold or 
Fauci, as trump answer reporters’ questions wtffkg moron #COVIDー19 
Why is Fauci still employed?  …
How about extract team Trump from the WH and make Dr. Fauci president for the duration.
Dr. Anthony Fauci is 79 years old. How does he stay on top of his game at that age? *purpose & meaning *work *intelligence *exercise Just my guesses. Also he looks about 5'4" so that could be part of it. 
“Dr. Fauci, clean-up on aisle 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.” Every single day.
We all have one mission. Extract Dr. Fauci from the White House.
Wow is Fauci trying hard here not to call Trump a quack. Trump, btw, is a quack:  …
Watch Fauci’s Reaction at Today’s Presser: No Facepalm — Just Sick that Trump is So Shameless  …
Been thinking the same thing. Watch Trump's facial expressions when Fauci talks. I noticed a few eye rolls, plus Fidgety Fauci can't stay still while #Potus speaks I don't think Trump trusts  …
Dr. Fauci Refutes Trump’s Denial Of Medical Supply Shortage: ‘It Is Happening’  
Huge Life, Liberty & Levin tomorrow night on Fox at 8 PM eastern! Two guests: first, Vice President Mike Pence; second, Dr. Anthony Fauci. Very important show.
Political Health – The Motives of a Very, Very, Political Dr. Fauci…  
I sincerely hope the networks stop broadcasting them live. Just let Dr. Fauci lay out the facts and do Q & A. Get Trump off the air.
I would swear Fauci is held hostage.  …
Only Dr. Fauci should be carried live. Donald Trump should only be playing on replay if he says something that makes sense, which will be rare. Retweet if you agree. #CoronaVirusBriefings
Spare a thought for Fauci. Every day he has to weigh the value of having at least one person telling Americans the truth ... against the humiliations of being tied to the words of a vicious, narcissistic moron.  …
Here's Dr Fauci having to waste his valuable time undoing the President's incoherent, irresponsible &  about a drug he knew nothing about. Having to "handle" the manchild in our highest office to keep from endangering us is something we should never get used to.  …
We are ALL Dr. Fauci.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns against following Trump's medical advice  …
The only person on the White House pandemic team that should be allowed to speak on live tv is Dr. Fauci Everyone else just lies nonstop. #coronavirus
Dr Fauci deserves Presidential Medal of Freedom
. @DoctorJanette: Whos paying you to cause anxiety over the #coronavirus? Just heard you on #FoxNews talking about MILLIONS of people on #respirators - Not even uber-alarmist #Fauci is suggesting such a possibility Act responsibly: no more #MedicalPanic. You are the real 
Could everyone on the stage take three giant steps away from Dr. Fauci? Lead by example.  …
Donald Trump and Dr. Fauci sharing a stage to discuss pandemic response operations is like Alex Jones and Sir David Attenborough sharing a stage to talk about frogs
Threatening a FF to get @realDonaldTrump to stop briefing? Saw  this morning when the reporter this morning said he wanted to ask Trump about his tweet, utter BS, he waited till Trump left to spring it on Pence and asking that Fauci answer.  …
Trump has created some healthy controversy by tweeting about using hydroxychloroquine + azithromycin based on anecdotal evidence. Can Dr Fauci use his authority at the NIH to run an accelerated study?
Trump promoted an unproved coronavirus treatment Saturday, saying, "I feel very good about it." The NIH’s Dr. Anthony Fauci, however, warned far more research is needed to understand whether the treatment actually works.  …
Fauci realizes that if Trump fires him the inmates will be running the asylum and the country cannot afford this at this time of crisis. His dialectical gymnastic skills here are absolute world-class. We need this guy.  …
DR. #Fauci is wrong, the "Anti-malarial and Ezythromycin" treatment for #Covid_19 is not "anecdotal" it's a successful treatment published in a peer reviewed paper that needs further testing. Is he upset the patent ran out on both drugs?  …
Fauci really is all of us  …
Dr. Fauci, please resign from the trump administration. Join Joe Biden and hold press conferences to inform and protect American people from trump and the disinformation campaign. Remember your Hippocratic oath. You can do no good at trumps side, however you can still save lives.  …
Trump on  “I agree with the doctor, what he said: may work; may not work. I feel good about it. That’s all it is, just a feeling. I’m, you know, a smart guy. I feel good about it. And we’re going to see, you’re going to see soon enough.” 
Just saw #DrFauci out on a neighborhood walk with Mrs Fauci. Blue jeans, no glasses and looking relaxed. This is very reassuring! #SelfCare #SettinganExample @nbcwashington
How long is Fauci gonna last is just one of the existential questions of our time  …
Watch @vp ‘s face turn as white as his hair as Dr #Fauci warns against following Trump's ridiculous medical advice:  … @fred_guttenberg #SaturdayVibes
Dr. Fauci tells CNN correspondent "You're not making things up" after Trump denies there's a supply shortage. 
Hillary Fan Dr Fauci TRANSLATION: #PresidentTrump IS RIGHT The Drug Chloroquine May Be Effective Against The 
Dr Fauci, I’m just AMAZED that you haven’t yanked out your eyeballs and driven a sharp implement into both eardrums YET!!! HOW DO YOU STAND IT???!!!  …
Where is Fauci in the line of succession?  …
"Dr. Anthony Fauci warns against following Trump's medical advice"  …
January 24. The same day as Dr. Fauci's classified coronavirus briefing that sent Republican senators running to tip off their investment managers. Trump was effusively praising China at the same time he was ignoring his own advisors' warnings. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns against following Trump's "medical advice."  …
Fauci Letter to Hillary Clinton Surfaces....  … via 
Every time Trump lies, Dr. Fauci shrinks. The current lie was about the #GoodLiquids, the "Elements of Medical" which sanitize stuff. Dr. Fauci didn't wanna speak to that, so he shrank. 
Trump is so  for attention that he doesn't realize at all that Dr. Fauci is about saving lives and could careless about polls and votes.
Correction: Fauci is cool. Fauci: I’m not entirely sure what president was referring to, but believe it was a report of hydroxychloroquine & azythromicin. Many of the things you hear out there are anecdotal reports. They may be true-but the only way to know is randomized trials.  …
Naturally, Laura Ingraham would rather take Trump's medical advice than Dr. Anthony Fauci's. #COVID19 #Ingraham #Trump #Fauci 
Dr. Anthony Fauci is America’s designated driver. Trump is double-fisting the beer bong and refusing to give up the keys while Fox News pours in the Milwaukee’s Best.
I just literally saw Fauci NOT say it was irresponsible. In fact, he said hoping that something might work based upon anecdotal evidence, AND taking time to prove scientifically that something works are NOT  with each other. Dr. Fauci left it up to Dr’s & patients.
It is people like Dr. Fauci who have always made America great both before, now, and hopefully well into the future.  …
Fauci can’t be fired, Trump would love to do it but the markets would shit a brick. This gives Fauci a lot of leverage to make sure we get the right science out to the public.
WOW: Dr. Fauci Just Took the Mic to Correct Nasty Trump’s Dangerous Misinformation Over Lack of Masks  … via @NicoleJames
I wish Dr Fauci would just go to MSNBC/CNN a certain time each day and have questions given to him and let him answer them truefully ! Oh by the way who do you think is giving Trump their take on meds! Miller or SIL
The same people who called the President “xenophobic”, weeks later claimed POTUS has done nothing. This President has made unprecedented moves for America. Gov. Newsom, Gov. Cuomo, Omar, and even professionals such as Dr. Fauci has praised @realDonaldTrump amazing response.
The beef between Fauci & Trump is like the David & Goliath cautionary tale and spoiler alert, even though David was 1/2 Goliath’s size, he Won. #GoFauci
I think I am going to wtite-in Fauci for the 2020 presidential election. Is there anything this guy says that doesn’t make you admire him more?? #COVID19  …
To be clear, this has not been approved by the FDA, and many doctors online have pushed back against this. Fauci said that since this has not been tested on coronavirus patients in a controlled clinical trial, "you really can’t make any definitive statement about it.”
Which is it ... Dr Fauci praises @HillaryClinton ... smirks at @potus during presser on COVID. You are for America or against her. There is no inbetween. Email:  … Smirk:  … We are at a critical point in America. #AmericaFirst
This isn't a knock on Fauci, but just 6 weeks ago -- early February -- he was talking as if the U.S. had a chance of keeping a lid on coronavirus spread. Context  what politicians and media personalities were saying now vs. then.  …
Not anything... he has not done one single thing right. I am a nurse... I am tired, sad, and disgusted with him and every single person standing behind him during his new daily rallies. I’m holding out some hope for Dr. Fauci. I’m not at on that.
Could somebody show Dr Fauci how to set up a YouTube channel or a Tik Tok or something so we can just listen to him and not have to suffer another Trump rally/presser?
People have always asked Fauci one question: “What keeps you up at night?” His answer, he says, was always the same: “A respiratory-borne illness that’s easily spread from person to person that has both a high degree of morbidity and mortality."  …
Cue the Curb Your Enthusiasm music please, Dr. Fauci.  …
I bet Fauci has Grandma Death’s cell number. And not one of her burner phones. The one she keeps in the bathroom closet with the server.  …
Dr Fauci should resign and join Biden’s shadow press conferences. He’s taking too much from trump* to get what little good info out that he can. @JoeBiden
Me: *Posts video where Dr. Fauci explains that we can have trials while at the same time Dr's and patients can decide to use the decades old medicines now, and that's not  Everyone in my mentions: "WE DON'T NEED TRIALS WE NEED TO USE IT NOW" Me: 
Fauci is the Lindsey “Goober” Graham of medicine. This is his 15 minutes and he did his best to pour gas on the fire initially. Not an asset.  …
Dr. Fauci face-palms for a stunned nation. 
Trump says his enthusiasm for antimalarial drug is based largely on instinct... Reporters asked Fauci if hydroxychloroquine could treat coronavirus, he said: “The answer is no.” Then Trump stepped to the microphone and said: “We ought to give it a try.”  …
We are all Dr. Fauci ... I’ve lived in OR masks for 30 years. They cost $5 for a box of 50, before this Trump boondoggle... They are single use for a reason. Infection control. Also...gross.
“It’s a shame,” says House Majority Leader Rep. Steny H. Hoyer, “that at the first hint of this we didn’t just say to Tony Fauci, ‘You’re in charge, you have all the power you need, tell us what needs to be done.’ ”...we weren’t ready for this, and he was.  …
Dr. Fauci, a national treasure. 
Reporters need to direct all questions to Fauci + experts and ZERO questions to Trump. The less we ask Trump, the safer we are.
If you're talking about Anthoni Fauci, he's an immunologist and HIV researcher who has been in charge  infectious diseases at the NIH since Reagan. Trump literally has the best person to address this standing right next to him, but he's still talking.
This WaPo WH reporter @jdawsey1 is deliberately leaving out here the rest of Dr Fauci’s sentence/statement contradicting what this reporter is trying to imply w/this cherry picked part of a sentence. Is there a better time than now to STOP this garbage?  …
Below if perfect example of @shannonrwatts LYING! PRESIDENT Trump never “accused” anyone. He said some mask can be cleaned & sanitized as did Dr Fauci. Finding ways of Working together against this virus & U twist it? Do U Not Have Any Shame Lady? What is wrong with You?  …
In Appreciation of Dr. Anthony Fauci ’58:   – at Regis High School
“We will get through this. I promise you.” ~Dr. Fauci 
I'm guessing that Fauci knows that if he leaves, Trump would be  people drink bleach within a week. I just wish they would have put him in charge of the response months ago and focused the force and will of government on getting him what he needs.
Fauci has sold his soul. Is it because something is better than nothing?
Dishonest media is cherrypicking in order to mislead & spread fear! Dr. Fauci said the "anecdotal reports" about HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN "may be true." He said the President's message of "hope for people" with #coronavirus is "not unreasonable"   …
"I’ve been telling the president things he doesn’t want to hear,” Dr. Anthony Fauci told @maureendowd. “I have publicly had to say something different with what he 
Dr. Fauci was asked about Trump's tweet about HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN: “anecdotal reports ... may be true," and that the President's message of "hope for people" with coronavirus is "not unreasonable" & "not  with total confirmation 
Dr. Fauci did NOT want to speak to that. 
Here is a photo of the the Fauci Pharmacy owner by Dr. Anthony Fauci’s parents. 
Honestly they need to have Dr.  out to talk to us without the maniac there. He is spreading false and dangerous information and his suffocating negative energy alone makes my anxiety skyrocket.
Trump's coronavirus press conferences are 20 bumbling morons talking nonsense and Dr. Fauci in the middle of it. This is what must be a scientist's worst nightmare.
Let me summarize it, @marcthiessen: President Trump pretended to have more expertise than Dr. Anthony Fauci, and repeatedly said he prizes blind hope over science. I hope that helps.  …
There are thousands of life-saving healthcare workers and scientists all over this country and inside our govt. disgusted by  behavior. He owes it to them  correct.
Here’s what Dr. Fauci was thinking 
Fauci today: “My job as a scientist...is to ultimately prove without a doubt that a drug is not only safe, but that it actually works.” That should be the president’s job too, not touting unproven and potentially dangerous  
“It’s a risky business. But that’s my style, Maureen.” — Dr. Fauci, ladies and gentleman.  …
Fauci disputes Trump on available treatment drugs, says it’s about hope v. proof 
Good for Dr. Fauci for speaking the truth concerning the lack of supplies during this uncertain time in history! Thank you, Dr. Fauci.. Thank you for your honesty.. Honesty, is what our country needs right now. We DON’T need the bull that this prez is peddling..
VP Pence says he and the second lady will be tested for the coronavirus, after a member of his staff tested positive. He says he was not in direct contact with the staffer, yet is still standing next to Trump and Fauci on the stage - the latter of whom I worry about.
I have seen enough of these daily press beatings. They are simply a substitute for Trump's hate rallies. I have also seen enough of Dr. Fauci's eye-rolling when Trump spews bullshit. It was cute for a while, now it is cowardice & just plain dangerous. #TrumpLiesPeopleDie
Trump said treating COVID-19 with an anti-malaria drug would be a ‘gift from heaven’ — but Dr. Fauci warned ‘there’s no magic drug out there right now’ 
Trump saying Dr. Fauci, his top scientist fighting COVID19, didn't know about the problem until we did -- thanks to newspapers -- is the LEAST reassuring thing he could say. I know Donald is just covering for how late Donald was in responding, but it's a really stupid lie.
“It’s a shame,” says House Majority Leader Rep. Steny H. Hoyer, a Maryland Democrat, “that at the first hint of this we didn’t just say to Tony Fauci, ‘You’re in charge, you have all the power you need, tell us what needs to be done.’”  …
Donald Trump has left us to look elsewhere — to Dr. Anthony Fauci and governors like Andrew Cuomo and Gavin Newsom — for leadership during this grim odyssey, writes @MaureenDowd 
If you watch any part of the press briefing today, watch this part. There's a lot of disinformation going around that Dr. Fauci and President Trump are at odds over the potential for medical breakthroughs but they really aren't.  …
This is why Trump has started calling Dr Fauci Tony It’s diminishing We’ve seen it before many times
Dr. Anthony Fauci and the guy who said "all of this panic is just not warranted... this virus is  cold" both have the same award.  …
Dr. Fauci was asked about President Trump's tweet about HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN. He said the "anecdotal reports ... may be true," and that the President's message of "hope for people" with #coronavirus is "not unreasonable" & "not  with total 
I was thinking that after this all ends Dr. Anthony Fauci should be considered for the Medal of Freedom -- and it turns out he already was awarded the Medal of Freedom in 2008
Why would Fauci, who is the head of the NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF INFECTIOUS DISEASES, have read about coronavirus "in a newspaper"? How embarrassing! Fauci needs to up and leave. He can handle this without Trump.
Anthony Fauci is having to balance his desire to spread the truth about the #COVID19 crisis, with taking care not to piss off Trump to the point that he's muzzled, fired, or both. All the while, exposing himself to Trump's careless close interactions with WH  …
If I was doing a play with Anthony Fauci, all I would do is try to make him laugh. He wouldn’t make it through the exposition.
MIT PhD Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai doubles down his attack on fear mongering “Deep State,” slamming Dr. Anthony Fauci as “Deep State Emperor Fauci” -  …
I pray Fauci can keep this up but every person has a breaking point. The man, daily, is choosing country over all.  …
Dr. Fauci explains that he and the President's views aren't  when  to the potential use of available drugs  the virus. Likens the situation to the early days of the AIDS epidemic. Said it's reasonable to be hopeful but we want trials to know for sure. 
Anyone with poor enough judgement to “love Hillary Clinton” (yeah, Fauci) has no place in the Administration. I sincerely hope Trump gets rid of these Deep State loyalists and saboteurs in his second term.
No matter what happens in November... ....Dr. Anthony Fauci will be up there working for us all. He’s a national treasure and I have tremendous respect for him. Everyone does. #KeepBreathing
Best thing about the ‘Trump is getting ready to fire Dr. Fauci,’ subplot is when Trump finally does fire Dr. Fauci, @NYGovCuomo can immediately hire him as lead immunologist for NY State and the media can then forever ignore @realDonaldTrump’s disinformation ‘press conferences.’
#DrFauci #WhiteHouseBriefing “I gotta do my Job as a scientist and others have other things to do ..”. gotta love dr fauci . 
Dr Fauci is like Messi on this Barca, he must be constantly wondering what the hell is going on around him
I am desperately trying to read the expression of Dr Tony Fauci, head of the National Inst of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, as @realDonaldTrump says Fauci didn't have time to prepare for the #CoronavirusOutbreak because “he read about it in the newspaper like everybody 
FAUCI’S CODE: In working for 6 presidents, Anthony Fauci has followed this advice: “When you go to the WH, always say, in the back of your mind... this may be the last time I’m going there because I might have to tell this @POTUS something he doesn’t  …
I just do not trust Dr. Fauci. He is undermining President Trump at every turn.
Absolutely not. WH guidance is sound. Hearing our leaders — and experts like Doctors Birx and Fauci — give us information and respond to Q’s is essential. Journalists should not call for censorship.  …
All of America approach! Not an all of Government! Pay attention this is going 2 matter soon! Love how our President @POTUS removed the false positive tests & medicines as well as PPE from democrats partners n China! Dems plan falling apart even w/DS fauci 
Dr. Fauci on Pres Trump's tweet about drugs possibly working on coronavirus: "The president is talking about hope for people and it is not an unreasonable thing...You don't have anything that is proven...I've got to do my job as a scientist and others have other things to do."
Fauci on Trump's tweets  unproven coronavirus treatments: "I'm not totally sure what POTUS was referring to ... many of the things out there are what I have called 'anecdotal reports.' They may be true, but they're anecdotal ... POTUS is talking about hope for people" 
WOW: Dr. Fauci Just Took the Mic to Correct Nasty Trump’s Dangerous Misinformation Over Lack of Masks  …
Nobody: Dr Fauci walking up to the podium to refute all of Trumps lies: 
Dr. Fauci points out that we are in an arena where we don't have anything proven right now that will work so giving doctors the option with their patients to try the drugs isn't out of line with how we dealt with things like the AIDS epidemic.
"The President is talking about hope for people, and it's not an unreasonable thing." Dr. Fauci on President Trump talking about the malaria drugs possibly working on the virus. Said that his views are not  with the President's, but he wants trials to prove they work.
Fauci says he doesn't exactly know what Trump was referencing when he tweeted this morning to take Hydroxychloroquine & azithromycin together for COVID-19, possibly a single study. But Fauci stresses that's based on "anecdotal" evidence and hasn't yet been approved.  …
No, Dr Fauci the president is not trying to give hope to people. He's lying in order to give hope to his re-election campaign. These are not the same thing.
I mean, it’s just  that in addition to everything else on his plate, Fauci is forced to walk this line between correcting Trump’s dangerous misinformation, and not doing it so explicitly that Trump feels upstaged or offended, and ends up firing him.
The most important thing you just heard: Fauci said hospitals -- where supplies are being rationed and docs/nurses are already getting sick -- should get relief within days. Bookmarked.
Fauci: Physicians have the option to use drugs someone says anecdotally -  proven - may work; there are those who lean toward giving people the option. But my job as a scientist is to prove without a doubt that drug is not only safe, but it actually works. #COVID19
So well said. I feel like Fauci would quit in protest if knew doing so wouldn’t doom us all... he’s a national hero.
Dr #Fauci is really good at saying @realDonaldTrump's medical pronouncements are BS in a way that Trump will not understand.
Dr. Fauci pointing out that giving hope to people and trying something that not 100% proven is not  with also doing due diligence to really understand that the drugs do what you need them to. Bravo. I hope @PeterAlexander has somehow found a way to release his pearls.
Fauci is a good diplomat. he debunked what the president said, without so angering him that science will be totally eliminated from these briefings, I want his memoir more than anyone's, though
Shorter Fauci answer about whether untested drugs could work: The president is talking about hope, I’m talking about science.
"They may be true but they're anecdotal," Fauci says of reports that Hydrochloroquine+Azithromycin work for #COVID19. There are those who cling to hope. "My job is to ultimately prove without a doubt that a drug is not only safe but that it works."
#Presidementia Press Briefing: After Trump leaves in a huff, Pence tries to handle question about Trump’s tweets on “game changing” medications. What a blend of bullshit & damage control! Fauci tries to help. He says he isn’t sure what Trump is talking about. Poor Dr. Fauci. Wow.
Dr. Fauci says don't listen to Trump's statements regarding a pharmaceutical cure - Trump is a liar. #PressConference
Fauci is falling under the narcissistic psychopath’s manipulative spell IMO.
FAUCI: “Many of the things you hear out there may be true, but they’re anecdotal... the president is talking about hope for people... my job as a scientist is to prove a drug is safe and works.” Throwing Trump a lifeline on  unproven drugs
Fauci: I’m not entirely sure what president was referring to, but believe it was a report of hydroxychloroquine and azythromicin. Many of the things you hear out there are anecdotal reports. They may be true - but the only way to know is randomized trials #COVID19
Fauci says he has no idea what Trump was talking about in this tweet.  …
“I’m not totally sure what the president was referring to,” Fauci says of the president’s tweet about drugs this morning.
Pence implies that NY using these meds is akin to a clinical trial... FAUCI: "i'm not totally sure what the president was referring to." anecdotal reports maybe true, but the president is talking about hope, not proof...my job, as a scientist, is to seek proof
But Trump immediately ASKED Anthony Fauci if that was correct, and Fauci said that chloroquine had not undergone CLINICAL TRIALS AS A TREATMENT FOR SARS. Which is correct. Trump didn't lie, but Maddow is a news Pop Tart, so she can't grasp what I just wrote.
Fauci may hit Pence over the head. Stay tuned.
Dr. Fauci does NOT believe we will need only 12 to 13 thousand ventilators (We knows we will need 10 times that amount — or more). #Coronavirus #COVID19 
Sir, I have never seen a man look so  as Dr. Fauci in that moment. It is the look of a decent man, trying to avoid being roped into the lies of a man with no decency.
Later, Fauci acknowledged the drastic shortage of personal protective equipment as said hospitals would get reinforcements "sooner than weeks. It’s going to be days, I would hope."
Trump blames China for his slow response to coronavirus. Then says Dr. Fauci would liked to have known earlier from China about the coronavirus. Dr Fauci’s response says everything: 
I agree with Maddow, the networks needs to stop bringing Trump's statements live. Consider having regular townhalls with Dr. Fauci and the Governors instead.
Pressed to cite a specific number of ventilators and tests at the federal government's disposal, Trump says, "Well I'm going to leave that up to Dr. Fauci and everybody else." 
See this vid. In the same press conference where Trump was boasting about CQ & HCQ, Dr Anthony Fauci, a member of US Coronavirus task force said not enough evidence to support CQ & HCQ. Trump was standing next to him. Don't trust Trump. He says anything. 
Trump once again touted mixing azithromycin and hydroxychloroquine, an antibiotic and malaria-treatment drug. He acknowledged Dr. Fauci preferring clinical trials on anti-viral treatments, but then said, "What do we have to lose?... We don’t have much time."
Anthony Fauci’s body language is like man who is forced to listen to a guy selling him a new suit while standing on the deck of a sinking ship. #CoronaVirusUpdates @realDonaldTrump
Has there been a single question over the past few days for the experts -- Fauci and Birx -- about whether they believe China's claims to have no new cases? Most experts are saying that cases will pick up when areas relax mitigation, as has happened in China.
God bless Dr Fauci! He's probably wondering what he got himself involved with. I give him a lot of credit; he's got guts to stand up to him and set the record straight. A lesson others could learn.
Anytime Fauci speaks directly after trump, he's about to correct him and trump knows it and HE'S FURIOUS about that.
We need fact-based briefings. This is lying pile of garbage shit. Fauci or nothing.
Someone get Fauci his own damn microphone and podium... quit listening to the gaslighting dribble from the
Anthony Fauci sounds like a world leader and @realDonaldTrump sounds like a big whiny baby. #CoronavirusPandemic
I am starting to think #Fauci is speaking to us in code. Watch whenever #Trump says something stupid, false and/or insulting...Fauci hangs his head and looks down.
How does Dr Fauci walk with such incredible balls? In this whole mess he’s the ONLY one I trust to tell the truth
Trump says he wants the anti-malarial drug used to treat Coronavirus now. Says Fauci might disagree. Fauci is a doctor. Trump is not.
"This would be a gift from God if it works" -- with Fauci looking squeamish behind him, Trump again touts unproven coronavirus treatments 
Instead of burning a question on something that really doesn't matter right now, how about asking Fauci about coronavirus, how it will likely spread, what are best/worst case scenarios, etc.  …
Trump says he understands Fauci wants testing of malaria medications that might work, but we don't have much time, so "what do we have to lose?" (Doctors explain it is bad if people think an ineffective/unsafe medication is effective/safe.) Trump: "I feel very confident."
Dr. Fauci needs to stop touching his face and neck. He's done it the entire press conference. There's something about that dude I don't trust. He reminds me of a short grey haired James Comey.
Fauci is going to be fired. He’s not sucking up nearly enough. It’s just a matter of time.  …
After Trump basically labels a reporter's question about a lack of surgical masks as fake news, Fauci takes the mic and tells the reporter, "you're not making things up. I know that." 
Dr. Fauci takes on the hard question, doesn’t duck or weave and tells us what he thinks is the situation is based on his experience, no matter how bad. America should be grateful for him.
Minutes after Trump attacks @CNN after reporter brings up frustrations from docs about lack of protect equipment, Fauci defends reporter: "We don't take lightly what you just read" +"I get the calls every night"+"You don't make things up"
Trump acknowledges Fauci would prefer clinical trials on anti-viral treatments, but then seems to say he'd rather not wait: "What do we have to lose?...We don't have much time."
"It is happening. You’re not making things up,” Fauci says to a reporter who lists health care professionals who say they're in dire need of masks and other critical supplies.
After Trump fights @JDiamond1's factual statement about doctors not being able to get masks,  up and says, "I get the calls every night, the way you get emails. It's a serious issue. We don't want that to happen. But it is happening. You're not making things up."
Dr. Fauci steps in to answer Q on when masks will be distributed to hospitals. He says he is getting calls on shortages and notes @JDiamond1 isn't making things up. He said: "Sooner than weeks. It is going to be days, I would hope. We are going to try to make it days."
BREAKING: Dr Fauci just confirmed there is a massive lack of personal protective equipment for medical professionals nationally. “It is happening, you’re not making things up,” Fauci told the reporter. Trump did not look happy. Text PPE to 50409 to contact your Senators. #PPENow
Trump: "What do we have to lose" by just randomly giving people anti-malarial drugs. FAUCI: soul leaves body.
"We don't take lightly what you just read," Fauci says of concerns raised by many doctors about supplies. The concerns were read by @JDiamond1 in the briefing room. "You're not making things up."
Fauci steps up to lectern, backs up @JDiamond1 (!!): "We don't take lightly what you just read...you're not making stuff up...I'm seeing it myself."
Fauci acknowledges that there is a shortage of PPE. But says there's more  into the system. "We hope that very very very soon we're not going to get those kind of life difficulties." Supplies will arrive "sooner than weeks."
“You’re not making things up, I know that,” says Dr. Fauci to @JDiamond1 at the briefing, after the president challenged Jeremy on reporting.
This is absolute hell for Dr. Fauci.
Diamond: I want to read you some things doctors are saying. Trump: "The ones that are saying good things or bad things?" Fauci, later: "We don't take lightly what you just read. It is happening. You're not making things up."
Fauci needs to step up to the mic and say “look, I’ve tried to avoid contradicting this moron but you’re going to die if you listen to him. Do not listen to him. He’s a fucking moron. I don’t care if I get fired, you need to know the truth.”
“We don’t take lightly what you just read,” Fauci says. Then says “it is happening. You’re not making things up,” in a tacit message to Trump.
This is 100% false. Why is Fauci not stopping him?
I've been watching all these press briefings and I don't see Dr. Fauci as attacking the President or disagreeing with him. They just talk differently and say the same thing. For instance, they both said that the malaria drug may work, but we don't know and need to test it.  …
Dr. Fauci dancing around the idiotic statement by @realDonaldTrump that masks can be sterilized & reused. As a HCP, I have NEVER been asked to reuse a mask that was potentially contaminated. A recipe for disaster. Shut this feckless idiot up before he gets more people killed.
The administration is lying. They have no idea when masks  and from whom. Also, Trump says we should be sanitizing masks. Fauci has to do clean up and explain under what circumstances health care providers may not need PPE. But as for reusing disposable masks? No.
FAUCI: Self-testing could cut use of PPE. Pence: says Apple is donating 2 million industrial masks. Why on earth does Apple have so many masks? Fires?
Trump now implies that doctors and nurses can reuse masks by dipping them in "liquids." FAUCI: cuts in, tells medical professionals to check CDC guidelines re reuse.
Please Protect Dr Fauci.  …
Keep Fauci away from the mic and the market can recover.
#COVIDー19 Ongoing WH Task Force briefing: Dr Fauci tells reporters “not everyone in the US needs to be tested,” and unnecessary tests use up limited protective gear, supplies. We want to make sure healthcare workers are able to protect themselves. @CBSNews
Fauci is the only one who says anything actionable. Trump, Pence, Carson, etc. just assert that everything is going well and thank random people for unspecified great work.
Per ⁦ @NIAIDNews⁩ Dr. Fauci: We know PPE is a concern. While optimizing new supply, we can preserve current supply by 1) postponing elective medical and dental procedures when feasible 2) prioritizing testing for highest risk groups We MUST protect health care workers! 
Read the Fauci emails. He is in love with Hillary and likely her plant. Sideline him.
Dr. Anthony Fauci says unnecessary testing and elective procedures could have “unintended consequences” because they require masks and gowns: "Those are high priority for the health care workers that are taking care of people who have coronavirus disease"  
Do we really have to spoon feed the public to understand this? He said it "could" be a game changer - he didn't say it's the cure or that everyone should rush to the pharmacy; he didn't even suggest that at his presser yesterday (nor did Dr. Fauci).
Dr. Anthony Fauci, most trusted member of the White House #COVID19 Task Force, just said: *POSTPONE ALL ELECTIVE PROCEDURES* Not doing so puts patients & healthcare workers at risk and depletes our #GetMePPE supply.
Raise your hand if you unmute the Gov’t happy talk conference until Dr. Fauci starts speaking... only to mute it again when he’s done. 
Fauci urges people who don't have Covid-19 symptoms against seeking coronavirus testing because it uses up medical gear that is needed for people who do have symptoms 
We all know that Dr. Anthony Fauci can't stand Trump. He's tolerating him for the good of the country. He knows he can effect change and provide national stability during a time of crisis. Thank you, Dr. Fauci. #AnthonyFauci #Coronavirus #COVID19
Dr. Anthony Fauci manages to give information without appearing to exaggerate or downplay what's going on. He also didn't praise the president with every other breath. He'll probably be fired soon.
Dr. Fauci warns Americans against getting tested for coronavirus if they don't show symptoms because "when you go in and get tested, you are consuming personal protective equipment," e.g. masks.
Dr. Fauci is a national treasure. When he says “We will get through this. I promise you,” I believe it. He says we’re turning the corner on tests, masks, and gloves. No timeline. No specifics. Let’s pray that he is right.
Dr. Tony Fauci is the most incredible 79 year old in the history of mankind.
Another thing that's changed starting with today's C-19 Briefing? Dr. Fauci finally stopped this  he kept making for weeks that EVERYONE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO GET TESTED. Now he's targeting it. Lastly he's watching his facial expressions.
Thank God. Dr. Fauci is still on the team ... today.  …
When you get tested, you are not only consuming a test, you are also consuming Personal Protective Equipment that health care workers are running low on, Dr Fauci says
Dr. Fauci is again desperately pleading with the media to let people know that we don't want everyone get tested. People should only get tested if they have symptoms. Not only to not waste a test, but to also not waste personal protective equipment in hospitals.
Fauci telling Americans NOT TO GET TESTED if you're not sick. If you don't have symptoms. You're only taking up valuable resources for those who actually do need to be tested but also those who take care of them.  …
Dr Fauci: “please put off, cancel elective medical procedures.”
Fauci: "Remember there was an always an issue with testing. I think we're getting to the solution that everybody in the country is looking for." (Trump has never acknowledged the obvious "issue" with testing, repeatedly saying they're easy to get and that he hasn't heard issues.)
Fauci: Unintended consequence of testing: "When you go in and get tested, you are consuming personal protective equipment, masks and gowns. Those are high priority for the health care workers that are taking care of people" with #COVID19.
I’m gonna believe @RonaldKlain and Dr. Fauci over these thugs in government.
Watching Trump's awkward body gyrations while Dr. Fauci speaks. His brain zones  His body slumps then straightens. He's not understanding or listening.
Fauci is such a stud
Fauci said "not every single person in the United States needs to get tested"
Fauci: "I can tell you for sure" that "we are clearly having an effect" with social distancing, but it can't accurately be quantified right now.
FAUCI has confidence that the mitigation efforts in WA, CA, NY, IL will help
#Presidementia Briefing today: Pence demonstrates that he can do what a cognitively impaired Trump finds impossible—speak coherently with empathy, appreciation, & facts. Same for Fauci. Let’s see how Q&A goes as Trump muscles back into the spotlight.
Dr. Fauci: “we have widespread infection but to varying degrees across the country.” He asserts they know they’re having an effect with mitigation efforts but they can’t quantify it right now.
Dr. Fauci reminds me of a Desi uncle who must pretend he is proud of his dumb kids who didn't  doctors and pretend he's enjoying being at the loud wedding party and pretend the flavorless biryani he's eating is tasty and smile through all the disappointment...but he cannot.
Watching press conference. My reaction to Trump: loathing. My reaction to Pence: nausea. Admiral Giroir: scepticism Dr. Fauci: relief to hear a straight shooter.
Here's Fauci saying there is no "magic drug" for coronavirus, which the Trump campaign now says amounts to excessive pessimism.  …
Pence is getting tested for coronavirus. Check out how close Trump, Carson, and Fauci are standing to him. 
This Trump campaign email about @PeterAlexander is so dishonest. It says, "Alexander was having none of this uplifting message or optimism. '[T]here is no magic drug for coronavirus,' Alexander argued." Alexander was **quoting Dr. Fauci** saying that, not arguing it himself. 
I'm with Maddow; I think these shouldn't be aired anymore. They are making things worse, not better. People are more afraid, not less. And he's got Fauci out there turning tricks for him when there are far more productive uses of his time. If they turn the cameras off, he'll stop
The best way to listen to the @WhiteHouse COVID-19 task force update is to mute your TV until Fauci talks, nothing else is relevant.
VP and his wife will get tested for coronavirus because a member of his staff is positive. WHY THEN is he standing next to the President, Carson, Fauci etc?!!
Exactly this. In one of the worst crises in American history, the President should be immediately dragged off the national stage (figuratlvely, OK) as a threat to public health and replaced by experts like Anthony Fauci who know what's going on and know what we need to do.  …
at the very least just cut in live after that fuckin guy steps aside and lets fauci talk u can leave out pences pathetic obligatory five minute trump  as well
I no longer trust Dr. Fauci.
These WH Press Conferences only function well when Trump isn't there or speaking. Pence, who is otherwise an odious enabler, at least  Fauci and other doctors give sound medical and scientific information.
Looks like Dr. Fauci is still there. Thought maybe he would be sent to Siberia after yesterday's face grabbing.
2020 is a nutshell. Mike Pence at the podium and Dr.Fauci (the top immunologist on Earth) leaning against the wall behind him powerless.
This is the part where the usual folks take a screen shot of Fauci mid-blink to make it appear he’s horrified by the briefing...
I have no doubt whatsoever that Dr.  to helping Americans and the world get through this is the only reason he stands behind Donald Trump and doesn't resign in disgust. Thank you, Dr. Fauci.  …
Fauci is all of us.  …
Dr. Fauci said all Americans will get this virus. My question—if we are all going to get this, why have we shutdown this entire country?
I think we should start a pool on when Dr. Fauci finally cracks. 'Cause that man looks like his last nerve is being worked.
So Alexander, before lobbing the softball “scared Americans” question, ever so gently asked Trump about the tension between what Trump was saying about potential therapies and what Anthony Fauci,M.D. was saying. Oh, what disrespect. How horrible. How could anyone endure that?  …
Why Dr. Anthony Fauci Runs - WSJ  …
Dr. Fauci looks  as Trump touts various unproven drugs as possible coronavirus treatments 
Obviously we all have TVs on MUTE during these stupid daily WH press confs until Fauci speaks, right?
Trump touts what "possibly" may be "very successful" medicines to help people and help people not get sick, this time not getting into details. (Again, Fauci and  Hahn have made clear there are no proven safe and effective treatments.)
This is just Trump telling everyone how great he is, going through actions that happened days and weeks ago. Ben Carson has fallen asleep standing up. Fauci surely must have more productive uses for his time.
Dr. Fauci exemplifies the Jesuit ideal of being a true "person for others."
Dr. Fauci looks like he's about to pass out...
I wonder whether Dr. Fauci reminds himself before walking into the briefing room to try his best to maintain a calm, straight face while Trump spouts misinformation and other self-serving nonsense.
If networks were to take Maddow advice (see headline below), we might not hear from people like Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci....coronavirus is a national crisis..she does not have to watch..and if she thinks it should not be broadcast, why doesn’t she talk to her own network first? 
Dr. Fauci's body language and facial expressions are pretty interesting.
Hard pass. With the exception of Dr Fauci, there is no one with any credibility that will speak.
Every #Jesuit in this country (and perhaps the world) is so proud of Dr. Anthony #Fauci, a graduate of both a Jesuit high school and a Jesuit college: @RegisHighSchool and @holy_cross. Here is a conversation with Regis president Daniel Lahart, SJ, in  …
fauci looks defeated #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
Dr Fauci looks like a hostage.
And to clear it up for the conspiracy theorists Dr. Fauci said a confluence of a technical glitch, an obsolete system, and regulatory constraints led to early problems with testing Handing it over to the private sector made the difference 
Dr. Fauci Peter Narrvo Dr. Carson. Admiral someone don't remember his name. in charge of testing. Some other guy I don't know. President and VP
. @realDonaldTrump needs to sh*tcan Dr. Fauci. He's a swamp rat
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "I want to thank Dr. Fauci who is really an extraordinary American." 
Right now our lives are being turned upside down to protect people who are  & in poor health. Thanks to people like #Fauci who lie & deny things about #vaccines most people are totally unaware of the existence of #vaccineinjured  …
Before this news conf starts, a reminder: Trump is not a doctor or a scientist. Dr. Fauci is. Listen to Fauci. Ignore Trump.
I was wondering whether any of you could help me out. I need to find a clip of Dr. Fauci giving the  for preventing coronavirus. Then I need somebody to dub the line, “Make your husband some nachos.” into the middle of it. It needs to be pretty seamless. DM me.
A second letter from Fauci swooning over Hillary has surfaced... 
. @sulliview has also called on networks to stop airing them live. Clip the real info that Fauci and Birx are providing, but Trump's lies have deadly consequences  …
For everyone who thinks Dr. Fauci is a hero. Here is a picture of him LYING to a  re: #MMR vaccine can cause #encephalitis. He is no hero to those of us who's children suffered such injuries. Notice the book HOW TO END THE #AUTISM EPIDEMIC being held 
K.- Dr. Fauci, is the “Virus Operation” a DEEP STATE “insurance policy”, to put in action in case the Trump Impeachment would not succeed? a DEEP STATE “insurance policy” to crash Wall St. and the economy, to then blame it on Trump, and have Trump not re-elected in Nov.?
Wow , Dr. Fauci has some explaining to do!!! Maybe this explains the look on his face when Trump called out the “Deep State” Department in the press conference! What Fauci today!!!  …
1pm est checklist: 1. Walk to fridge. 2. Decide between: Pacifico or @DosEquis 3. Walk to couch. 4. Watch Dr Fauci. 5. Cheer Dr Fauci.
Fauci facepalms and rolls his eyes as Trump rants about the 'deep state' during coronavirus press conference 
"YOU ARE NOT A DOCTOR" Do You Realize This Man Will get people Killed His Crazy Cult Will Start Taking this Stuff and God Knows What It Will Do And End Up with people In the Hospital Which We Do Not Need Right Now Dr Fauci Needs to Stop This madness @drsanjaygupta @NIH
Anthony Fauci was ready for this. America was not.  …
‘I’ve never seen anything like it’: Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Dr. Fauci  …
Makes one wonder about Fauci. I thought his reticence to acknowledge the success of chloroquine and z-pak, was odd at best. Deceitful at worst. This  has a proven track record of decades.
J.- Dr. Fauci, how did you know, by Feb 13, that the CoronaVirus would crash Wall St.? at that time, the virus was only in China, there was nothing here in the US, and nothing in Europe, either... How did you know that?
H.- Dr. Fauci, why did you secretly told Sen. Richard Burr that the CoronaVirus would be devastating, and that it would CRASH Wall St., so that Sen. Burr on Feb 13 was able to dump $1.5 Million of stocks? @realDonaldTrump , @SenatorBurr , @SenatorLoeffler .
One of my most trusted pages on IG shared this earlier. I’ve heard rumors about Fauci for a few days now but I was not aware of the emails. More than likely he’s yet another singing bird doing Q’s bidding but I did want to share this with you guys in the spirit of full disclosure 
Looks like AP changed its headline and it's still bad But local affiliates across the country using AP are getting divisive fake news during a pandemic Dr. Fauci: "There isn't really a difference" between him and POTUS, it's hope that drug will work and seeing if it does 
Fauci definitely seems sketchy. He says the right words, but he says them the way the swamp says things- Well, here you go: Fauci Love Letter to Hillary Clinton Surfaces....  … via @thelastrefuge2
Anthony Fauci is a rheumatologist. In #rheumatology we are paid to think hard  problems, weigh the needs of both forest and trees, and identify strategic courses of action. Anthony Fauci was ready for this. America was not. LISTEN TO HIM!!!  …
My crystal ball says Fauci has troubles in his near future  …
Gentle reminder: you don't need hand sanitizer while at home. Save it for when you're at the grocery store/farmers market/etc. Soap and water works just as well and is better for health to minimize resistant bacteria. Not my words, but Dr. Fauci's.
Umm no. Fauci is one of the only guys we can trust.
Donald Trump has “a feeling” that an anti-malarial drug might be effective against Covid-19, even though Dr. Anthony Fauci says there is no evidence it is. 
Dr. Fauci is all of us. 
2/ FAUCI:...And the evidence that you’re talking about, John, is anecdotal evidence. So as the Commissioner of FDA and the President mentioned yesterday, we’re trying to strike a balance between making something with a potential of an effect to the American people available,...
White House press conference, March 20 Q Dr. Fauci...Is there any evidence to suggest that, as with malaria, it (hydroxychloroquine) might be used as a prophylaxis against COVID-19? DR. FAUCI: No. The answer is no....  …
Even Fauci has had to get in on the praising act periodically, something that administration officials long ago realized was the price of doing their jobs in the Trump administration  …
[edited] oh dear heavens. concerning. (1) who is this account ( @b00msl4ng) and why is it a source of a thread of coronavirus info in the feed of the US President???????? (2) this 12:30 presser should have Dr. Fauci at it or I would  time-delaying it and reporting it. 
De Blasio was asked at a press conference why he was going to the gym when telling other people not to mix and he said “I have to be healthy to take the decisions for New York” Quarantine Trump and de Blasio put @NYGovCuomo and Dr. Fauci in charge nationally, we’d be better off
F.- Dr. Fauci, why did you fund a research, in 2015, together with the Science Foundation of China, to produce a lethal CoronaVirus, and two Scientists of the Wuhan Virology Lab were on that Team? cc: @ChanelRion , @realDonaldTrump
B.- Dr. Fauci, who did you vote for in 2016, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? C.- Dr. Fauci, do you know Avril Haines? D.- Dr. Fauci, did you ever speak with Avril Haines? cc: @lopatonok
1.- I have 5 questions for Dr. Anthony Fauci. maybe Chanel Rion @ChanelRion will want to ask these questions to Dr. Fauci, during the WH Press Conference: A.- Dr. Fauci, were you the Director of the National Institute for Health also during the Obama Administration? . 
Who should I trust: - Dr. Fauci (director of the Nat. Inst. Of Allergy and Infectious Disease) Or - Trump (no medical background, roundly rejects science, has told over 15k lies publicly in the last 4 years) Who should we trust?  …
Bnonymous Dr. Fauci and the CDC director who happens to be Rob Rosenstein's sister (who has been excluded from the President's breifings after her first panic statement) are deep state partisans. If Chloroquine works, we can be assured the @POTUS will push its use.
Tony Fauci confirmed this study has some serious deficiencies. Please update your twitter feed accordingly.
Dr. Tony Fauci then followed this up by saying there were not enough tests or testing yet and there had been  of exactly the sort Yamiche cited. That Fauci is tasked with constantly correcting the record is terrible use of his time. Yet essential.  …
That guy #Fauci gives me the creeps every time I see him. I sensed he is against Trump from the start. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump You need to replace him with someone who is on your side. He clearly is  …
Trump has tweeted his support for an unproven drug he believes can treat COVID-19. Here is the full exchange from Friday where Dr. Fauci is explicitly asked if hydroxychloroquine is effective: "No. The answer is no." 
Yeah, now everyone's jumping on board. Very glad to see it. I noticed Fox  to now addressing BALANCE during each of their shows and not this one-sided Fauci perspective anymore.  …
I think they should send half the task force team, (or just Dr. Fauci) to New York and do the daily National Briefing using ONLY Dr. Fauci and Gov. Cuomo. #ReplacePenceWithCuomo #TrumpLiedWeDied
Fauci has a track record of being the fact-based counterpoint to the Trump administration’s upbeat assessments of the coronavirus outbreak. 
Fauci for Time Person of the Year. Trump denies a shortage of coronavirus tests. See Fauci’s answer  …
The #DeepStateSwamp is deep, wide and insidious. Enemies abound -- including those two-faced ones (Fauci?), harder to identify. DJT is the only one who would ever have taken this mess on. God gave us a chance, but it's up to us -- we must do all we can to support him. #KAG2020  
Vandini Manjari Kathy Dr. Fauci DOES NOT want people to be healthy & free from virus. They're making money off people being sick & all the panic. showing no interest in hydroxy-chloroquine, while look at Trump's interest. They refuse Trump's order to speed up its approval.
No no no! @realDonaldTrump Please have Dr Fauci explain this to you. It was a sloppy study and the analyses were flawed. And azithro can cause serious toxicities  with other drugs. Please let scientists and physicians do the talking.   …
You need to stop doing these press conferences. Leave it for Dr. Fauci, Dr. Brix, and Mike Pence, to praise "Dear Leader"
HOLY SHIT!!! Doctor Fauci is not only corrupt, but guilty of creating far more deadly viruses!!! THESE PEOPLE ARE SICK!!! PUTTING FAUCI IN CHARGE OF FIGHTING A PANDEMIC, IS LIKE PUTTING OJ SIMPSON IN CHARGE OF INVESTIGATING HIS WIFES MURDER!!! 
Dr. Fauci also downplayed the three studies using chloroquine and  to fight coronavirus. The French study showed a 100% success rate with patients in 6 days. Maybe it  as no surprise then that Dr. Fauci offered glowing praise for Crooked Hillary./  …
MUST READ thread for #medtwitter #meded and beyond @jpogue1 breaks down the (very flimsy, near-anecdotal) study of hydroxychloroquine + azithromycin about which there has been much irrational exuberance We must be good stewards of these medicines Also: LISTEN TO FAUCI  …
"From your doctor admirer" - FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email - Update: second letter surfaces  … via @gatewaypundit
Since the President announced we would be looking at #chloriquine to treat #coronavirus, the #FakeNewsMedia and Dr. Fauci have been questioning its use, claiming there is only “anecdotal evidence” for it (not true!). #CoronavirusUSA #KAG  …
Dr. Fauci, all that time you spent building up your credibility? This moment is why. Time to use it.
Stopppppppppp Your own expert and the only guy in your admin who appears to care about public health, Dr. Fauci, pointed out yesterday how wrong and dangerous your misinformation is...  …
Fauci and other scientists are somewhat hesitant to embrace chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine at this point. But they are more enthusiastic about using convalescent serum & antibody treatment.  …
Can we just name @NYGovCuomo and Dr. Anthony Fauci as the only two people in charge of the national response to #CoronavirusPandemic?
Dr. Fauci would rather risk touching his face than listen to the cheeto lie to everyone. #StayAtHome  …
In a clash of gut instinct versus science, Trump and the government’s top infectious disease expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci, publicly sparred over whether a malaria drug would work to treat people with coronavirus disease  …
Decades to create a vaccine and they’ve proven to be mediocre at best. High dose vitamin C and now thes anti malaria drugs are helping people. But there isn’t money to be made with such cheap and effective cures. Fauci is in deep with a Pharma.
QAnon followers have turned against Dr. Anthony Fauci after discovering that he wrote an email praising Hillary Clinton which has been published by Wikileaks. They of course still support Trump even though he donated to the Clinton Foundation and invited her to his wedding. 
No end in sight? Dr. Fauci says he doesn't know when American life will return to normal  …
Dr Fauci already told the nation this is not confirm able without further testing...,you are NOT a doctor or a scientist, just a run of the mill dickhead again trying to appease and mislead your base 
LOL. Democrats love their saviors and the new one is Fauci Leftist #Messiah is anybody who disagrees with  …
Governor Cuomo just now thanked Dr. Fauci for helping him set up plan and managing the crisis in New York. Governor Cuomo’s leadership is what happens when a politician *listens* to the experts.
During the next WH press briefing, can a reporter please ask Dr. Fauci point blank whether or not he would use hydroxychloroquine & azithromycin today to treat one of his patients infected with COVID-19. If he dances around it, ask the question over and over again.
Can someone please check on Fauci??  …
NYS @NYGovCuomo calls Dr. Anthony Fauci "an extraordinary American," says he's given him guidance. #coronavirus
.⁦ @NYGovCuomo⁩ starting today’s briefing. He offered thanks to Dr. Fauci for helping him make policies for this crisis. 
For the sake of our health and the stockmarket isn’t it time for Dr. Fauci to  Trump shelter in place? Leave the briefings to the professionals.
Ok here we go! Remember when POTUS called chloroquine drug a “Game Charger”? Then Fauci said: there is no magic drug out there right now! But wait! Back in 2005 Nat’l Inst. of health published the effectiveness in treating CV in primates! This is shocking! Where’s the experts?
This Medium post will likely fuel growing rightwing/MAGA conspiracy that media/libs are hyping corona threat to take over the economy. My biggest fear is Trump will embrace this attack and fire Fauci and the public health pros  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci said yesterday that evidence that the drug will work as an effective treatment for COVID-19 is "anecdotal" and needs more research.  …
Many questions emerging about Dr Fauci’s agenda. STUNNING DEVELOPMENT: 2005 US NIH Study Found Chloroquine Was Effective in Treating Coronavirus In Primates -- Why Was This Ignored?  …
You don't even know how those drugs work. You don't understand RNA transcription, pH, molecular binding mechanisms and you're running your orange cod mouth like an expert. We will wait for Dr. Fauci. —Nasty Woman with a Science Degree.
Our children & theirs & beyond. Better q’n. Tell me what the alternative is & fast. It was asked at Friday’s WH presser - AKA why do we protect a relative few and economically imperil many more? Dr Fauci answered. Because anything else is unthinkable. SO GOVT’S MUST ACT.  …
How many days until Donald Trump fires Anthony Fauci for correcting the President's lies and ensuring the American people know the truth?
At some point, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx may have to stop participating in the daily briefings if POTUS continues to use them as the venue for spreading dangerous disinformation and raising false hopes.  …
"Cohen drops testimony on Novartis deal: They wanted ‘access’ to Trump" And now, suddenly in the middle of a pandemic & contradicting the statements of Dr Fauci, Trump is positioning to benefit  Coincidence? Yall know I don't believe in that  …
Fauci is the doctor who told us Hillary was healthy as she was collapsing in front of us. He wrote a letter telling her staff to let her know he, Fauci, and his staff “love her”.
He was trying to give everyone hope with this but Fauci kinda knocked it down as anecdotal. Since then, I've read several reports of this working. In fact, there's only a one in ten thousand chance this won't work according to one study  …
Even after being gently, but firmly, rebuked by Dr. Fauci on Friday, @realDonaldTrump doubles down in pushing a drug cocktail that is so far unproven, creating a run on medicines people need for other ailments. Is there a drug to cure habitual exaggeration and disinformation?
FYI “From your doctor admirer” – FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email – Update: second letter surfaces  …
Just Stop! You are doing more damage with your words than helping. Dr. Fauci already said this is not accurate! “the evidence you’re talking about … is anecdotal evidence.”
Surprised Dr Fauci hasn’t quit. 
A plea to the big news organizations: Please stop airing Trump's press conferences in real-time. Cover them, highlight Dr. Fauci's  but edit out the president's misinformation and attacks.  …
This is inaccurate and a wildly irresponsible tweet & should be deleted. These meds are not game changers, though they may help in a small amount—we don’t know. Efforts are much better spent stopping spread of #covid19. Only listen to words directly from Dr. Fauci’s mouth.  …
Dr. Fauci debunked your reckless lie on multiple occasions just yesterday you ‘Stable Jenius’  …
Dr. Fauci is soon going to throw up his hands and quit 
And that’s how you cause a run on drugs and hoarding with no good evidence they work. Fauci told the nation “No” when asked if evidence supports clinical efficacy. Hard to convey how irresponsible this is 
IKR? FDA already explained they hadn’t done testing. Poor Dr.Fauci from CDC can’t hide his frustration anymore. 
Practicing being president doesn’t require a license. Practicing medicine does! The medical professionals, led by Dr. Fauci and your FDA director, have urged caution pending testing and warned against “raising false hopes.” People should listen to the medical professionals.  …
Trump is doubling down since the media called out Trump’s lies at yesterday’s press conference, and Dr Fauci even agreed that Trump was embellishing (though Fauci said it more nicely). So of course, Trump being Trump, this crisis is all about him, so he doubles down on the lie.  …
DR. FAUCI: So far it's just Anecdotal Evidence. TRUMP: You see? This drug is the Anecdote to Coronavirus!
Back in 2018, Tony Fauci (now a household name) told me, in relation to the concept of preparing for a pandemic: "It’s like a chain—one weak link and the whole thing falls apart. You need no weak links.” Well, it turns out... 1/  …
Gross. I can almost see the slobber on this email from Fauci to Hillary: 
@realdonaldtrump might want to check this guy's connection to Hillary & Deep State! STUNNING DEVELOPMENT: 2005 US NIH Study Found Chloroquine Was Effective in Treating Coronavirus Infection -- So Why Is Dr. Fauci Questioning Its Use Now?  … via @gatewaypundit
We are all Dr. Fauci 
Dr. Fauci is all of us. 
Don't forget to school Fauci on this.
Here's a conspiracy theory for you, but not an outlandish one. Dr. Fauci, who is a BIG TIME Hillary Clinton supporter is intentionally trying to send us into an economic depression of the likes that we have never seen before. There is no need to send the WHOLE nation into a...
1. Trump can’t explain whether he’s invoked Defense Production Act. 2. Claims to be biostatistical genius. 3. Reassures frightened Americans by ranting about media. 4. Makes Dr. Fauci face-palm. 5. Trump is unaware that people can’t get tests.  …
I’ve had multiple public health experts, including folks who led the effort against Ebola under Obama, tell me Trump should stop talking publicly about coronavirus and just let Fauci and Birx lead the way.  …
Here's the entire transcript. The president was repeatedly expressing optimism about a drug w/o any scientific basis. When Fauci sounded a note of caution, @PeterAlexander asked whether "your impulse to put a positive spin on things" was itself risky:   …
Since Trump is so useless at these daily Coronvavirus taskforce briefings, why do the reporters even bother asking him questions? Address everything to Fauci and the medical people. That's why I never bother asking Doug Pederson a question about his defense.
Fauci Love Letter to Hillary Clinton Surfaces....  … via @thelastrefuge2
An anon notices Fauci's odd hand gestures 
I so admire Fauci and I so feel his pain having to be in the same breathing space with that idiot.  …
If you need further evidence that the public health bureaucracy is run by Democrats... ... here is Anthony Fauci's love letter to Hillary Clinton re her Senate Benghazi testimony. @realDonaldTrump should beware of these folks.  
Anthony Fauci was ready for this. America was not. How the doctor manages to tell Trump the truth yet survive in his job.  …
Dr Anthony Fauci smirks at Trump during coronavirus press conference  via @MailOnline
“From your doctor admirer” – FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email – Update: second letter surfaces He downplayed three studies Chloroquine and Z-PAC. French study 100% success rate in 6 days.  …
Many would have seen this by now, but this is a close up on Dr Fauci's facial expression listening to Grabber. It says it all! PRICELESS! 
#AnthonyFauci has a _duty_ to say, on camera and while @realDonaldTrump is standing next to him, that Trump is lying. That is Fauci's duty as a medical doctor. He is failing. Worse, he is abetting Trump's lying by so inadequately challenging the president.
We are all Dr. Fauci. Fauci’s reaction when Trump refers to the “Deep State Department” 
Watching the Administration’s #COVID19 news conferences I’m reminded there is 1 immutable truth: science is fact-based & the public trusts MDs. Thanks to Dr. Fauci for being trustworthy & sticking to facts. @UTSWIMchief @UTSWInternalMed @DinoKazi  …
We will never see Dr. Fauci on that podium again during a Coronavirus briefing due to his upstaging of the Dear Leader. Kim Jong Un would have Fauci executed.  …
Could Fauci be a #DeepState plant? When is the quarantine more dangerous than the virus? I can’t trust ANYONE who has “glowing” praise & admiration for #CrookedHillary. Why does he take pleasure in our crashed economy & downplay #ChineseVirus treatments?  …
Is that information verifiable? As far as I can tell on television, Fauci has been instigating fear and hysteria as much as he can with no plan, no certainty, and gross exaggeration of the virus. Why doesn’t he give updates on the clinical trials that have been underway?
it was Anthony Fauci who gave that secret info to: - Sen. Richard Burr - Sen. Loeffler - Sen. Feinstein who then sold their STOCK. Fauci is DEEP STATE and he is a Piece of Schiff. keep that in mind. and tell Trump to throw him in JAIL.
Anthony Fauci is the doctor at the center of America's coronavirus response. ⁦ @bterris⁩ with the  …
He can’t resign. We need Dr Fauci desperately. He doesn’t work for Trump. But these lying press conferences need to stop at least not shown live. Fact check and play only that. #TrumpLiesPeopleDie
Morning #TeamJustice. I’m torn between thinking the media should not carry these “Trump rally” moments live - just tape them then broadcast only what Dr. Fauci says - OR broadcast every moment of Trump’s ugliness so we see just how  he is to handle this crisis.  …
Deep state Department hmmmm Dr Fauci sweating. He sent Hillary a love letter. Attention 
Word of the Day - #552 "Anecdotal Evidence" based on personal observation, case study reports, or random investigations rather than systematic scientific evaluation. Ex; Chloroquine has shown “very encouraging early results” treating COVID-19, yet Dr. Anthony Fauci said, 
I've called Fauci out from day one. Something about him didn't feel right. Trump needs to sideline this guy. A Hillary plant. He alone is responsible for 5000 on the Dow.
Why cover these press conferences live when we know the script? Trump opening statement: Chinese virus, Chinese virus. Pence: Thanks to the president’s decisive actions, extraordinary leadership, and remarkable foresight, we have saved millions of lives. [Dr. Fauci grimaces]
IS FAUCI A HILLARY PLANT? HE CLAIMS TO LITERALLY "LOVE" HER - "From your doctor admirer" - FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email - Update: second letter surfaces  … via @gatewaypundit
YES, BUT DR. FAUCI DOESNT THINK IT WORKS - Dr. Oz Cheers Chloroquine Treatment on Coronavirus: "Biggest Game Changer of All - Completely Changes Behavior of the Virus - Will Know in Six Days if Successful" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
+1. Based on 1918-1920 influenza, the risk of serial under-response is a driver now, and we can repair the economic damage, so overresponse is as Dr. Fauci has noted a very good thing for a time. But excellent case for reopening schools. The data is good data and argument sound.  …
Trump in January and February knew the danger CoronaVirus will cause, but he and fox news personalities kept calling it a Hoax. I agree with MSNBC'S Maddow trump shouldn't be on TV lying while people are suffering and dying from CoronaVirus. I want to hear more from Dr. Fauci
Trump promotes a drug that’s gonna treat the coronavirus saying it’s a “game changer.” Dr. Fauci then says there’s no evidence. Then the ferret head says: “Without seeing too much, I’m probably more of a fan (of the drug) maybe than anybody.” AND THEN - Chris Cuomo at the end 
‘I’ve never seen anything like it’: Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci  …
Fauci Scrambles To Hide A Laugh At Trump Press Conference, Breaks His Own Cardinal Rule Instead.  …
My view: Fauci is putting up with Trump to do what he can to save lives. Fauci knows that the only way to stay in his position (giving voice to the  is to cooperate with Trump’s severe Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Guaranteed Trump is not liking that Dr. Fauci is getting this kind of positive coverage. 
Since everyone made a big deal out of Fauci laughing behind his back yesterday, yeah, I fully expect Trump to fire him ...and since Fauci is the only grown up left in the room, we’re gonna be fucked...  …
Wow. Just wow. Dr. Fauci is a man of science with a distinguished career. How humiliating must it be for him to stand beside the stupidest man in the world? #COVID19US #StayTheFHome 
Chief US immunologist #Fauci facepalms when #Trump talks of ' 
Have you noticed Fauci dropping his eyes when Trump spews forth another lie? He’s probably thinking how am I going to represent what this Dodo bird just said?
Please tell @realDonaldTrump give Dr Fauci a few days off from the daily up dates . Use Dr Carson.
-Fauci -chloroquine study flawed (supposedly) -this ruling Feb 26th -Trump Appoints Mike Pence To Lead Coronavirus Task Force Feb 27th -all coincidence of course  …
ADDENDUM: People need to remember Fauci is an adviser to the President during a national emergency. People picturing him telling Trump “I’m sorry but you can’t do that because of FDA regulations x, y & z!” understand neither an advisers role or the President’s emergency powers.
Dr. Fauci Calls Out CNN For Question About Touching Same Mic As Potus 
Let Fauci run these daily updates. He's the only one who can be trusted. #ConfidenceInLeadership #wtpTEAM  …
What do y’all think of the LOVE LETTERS from Dr. Fauci to #CrookedHillary Full of GLOWING PRAISES (Leaked Wikileaks) 2nd letter surfaces Is he a PLANT to throw President Trump & the country off? Is this ANOTHER political Op by DeepDtate & Democrats  
There is clear disagreement between trump and fauci. Something about fauci I don’t trust.
After briefing with POTUS &reporters LIAR Dr.Fauci runs to CNN and says there are no studies of the success rate of treatment of Coronavirus with these  drugs.. THERE ARE 3 INTERNATIONAL STUDIES  …
Fauci throws cold water on Trump's declaration that malaria drug chloroquine is a 'game changer' - ABC News -  via @ABC
In a crisis like this it is essential to be a truth teller and to tell the whole truth. Half truths kill. Fauci may think he is getting the most done possible. But he is providing cover for the most egregious area of the president's failure--suppressing data collection.
Fauci's mantra that we shouldn't be so worried about testing that we neglect the benefits of social distancing may be well-intentioned but it is damaging, providing cover for Trump's self-serving, politically motivated resistance to testing.
Why is Dr Fauci's rendition of the virus's spread worse than others ? @realDonaldTrump #DCQStaff #Trump2020 FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email - Update: 2nd letter surfaces  … via @gatewaypundit
Is Dr. Fauci being overly careful about announcing a cure for the ChineseVirusYou decide Part 1 of 2 videos 
Hate to break it to you Leftists, but "I watched the video and  about the Deep State Department and it was hilarious. It.made me laugh, so Dr Fauci wasn't laughing at Trump. He was laughing at Trump's joke'.
Infectious disease expert Anthony Fauci throws cold water on Trump's insistence that one drug is a “game changer” in the fight against novel the coronavirus. #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus  …
Dear Donald, I see our previous break up Tweet did not reach you so I am sending a second attempt. It really IS YOU! These 2 hours pressers that seem to have taken the place of your silly rallies are embarrassing...we don’t like you. We like Dr. Fauci. Sincerely, The USA
Another eyebrow raiser... Check out the smile from Fauci when Trump calls it the 'Deep State Department'...  …
Fauci is not a martyr. He's a Trump enabler. They're all Trump enablers. The most important thing anybody can do, especially professionals, is speak truth to power - denounce Trump for the liar he is. Don't help him misinform the public.
Dr. Tony Fauci is an absolute rockstar. All class,  poised under pressure. His suppressed laughter here while trying not to join in on Dad’s reporter smackdown is just delightful.  …
A day after Trump said chloroquine had shown “very encouraging early results” treating COVID-19 and would be rolled out to patients “almost immediately,” Dr. Anthony Fauci was asked whether there was any evidence to suggest that taking the drug would help prevent the virus 
I just want the biased journalists to shut up so I can hear Dr. Fauci, the Surgeon General, & Dr. Birx tell us their updates & what I can do to keep those that I love safe. @DrJAshton too. No need for BS the press brings. Imagine if they’d had this animosity for FDR in WW2.
Dr. Fauci’s reaction says it all during Trumps meltdown attack on reporter for asking simple question #CoronavirusPandemic 
A little research sheds some overdue light @AmericanThinker on Dr. Fauci  #KAG2020 @JohnBWellsCTM @diana_west_ @va_shiva #CoronaVirusUpdate #corona #Coronavirustruth #DeepStateTakedown #DeepStateVirus #HANNITY #HillaryForPrison #tcot #Hillary 
Fauci says that coronavirus is likely to keep Americans home for several weeks  
Trump drove Dr.Fauci to touch his face! I’d love to see the thought bubble over the good doctor’s head. 
Well, this raises an eyebrow... Fauci Love Letter to Hillary Clinton Surfaces....  … via @thelastrefuge2
The president was joking and Fauci was stifling a laugh. This isn't hard. It's on video. Watch.  …
Dr Fauci represents the rest of world (and sane Americans) since November 2016...  …
Please Media, stand up for America. Stop publicizing his propaganda. Our Drs and Nurses have too much to handle already. They don’t need demand for false FDA approved Meds that only exist in a mad man’s mind. All we have is Social Distancing. God bless Dr Fauci.
Sorry, Mr. Fauci! Glad you’re keeping your focus on fighting the virus!  …
This Fauci is deep state.  
The mere fact that Trump even said during the press conference “ The Deep State department “ let’s me know that Trump sent a signal to Fauci that he knows all about him...
Dr. Fauci has some of the same characteristics as Bob Gallo had concerning the HIV virus. Gallo discovered the virus but he was beside himself that he  up with the cure! Fauci seems steadfast against any treatment he didn’t devise himself!  …
Fauci Says Antibody Treatment Is One Of Coronavirus Team’s ‘Top Priorities.’  …
It was at that moment, Anthony Fauci realized just how utterly fucked we were. 
Dr. Fauci was us today. And EVERY day. 
WATCH: Dr. Anthony Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’  …
So, Fauci has had his job for a long time, including when Obama let a couple of flu viruses run wild without shutting down the country.
⁦ @maddow⁩ tell the reporters to get up and walk out ***AFTER Dr. Fauci and Borx speak. And that’s it.  …
He keeps wiping his nose on his sleeve and face touching. Practice what you preach Fauci. Be gone!!!! Hopefully this will be a clean house opportunity.
"Very difficult to predict" how long "stay-at-home" orders will last, Dr. Fauci says  
Listen to Fauci....not the orange one What are you doing America??  …
Many don’t understand that Dr.Fauci was trying not to laugh after Trump called the State (the deep state) he covered up his laugh so that people wouldn’t say he laughed at a time like this but they caught it & now many people misinterpret his laugh (damned if u do or don’t laugh)  …
Dr Anthony Fauci smirks at Trump during coronavirus press conference  …
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face just said it all  …
CNN's Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci: 'I've never seen anything like it'  …
"From your doctor admirer" - FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email - Update: second letter surfaces  … via @gatewaypundit YOU LITTLE SOB...
Bill Mitchell and his ilk are already claiming Fauci is a Hillary plant.
This is a great profile. Read This: "In Dr. Fauci We Trust" ⁦  …
Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Dr. Fauci at COVID-19 briefing  …
It was awesome! Trump went scorched earth today. Even Fauci was a bit aggressive with the media.
I spend every waking moment now trying NOT to touch my face. Then I hear @realDonaldTrump dumbass remarks, and just like Dr. Fauci, it's instant facepalm.  of @jonlionfineart2  
President Trump said a drug used to treat malaria was proving effective against COVID-19, though Dr. Anthony Fauci said the data does not exist to make that statement. And just tonight, New York hospitals have started to see a surge in coronavirus patients 
I apparently upset the Dr. Anthony Fauci can club tonight. I was just trying to keep it simple guys.
You're not supposed to touch your face, Fauci! How's Hillary doing?  
Yup, found another one - speaking out against Fauci, Gates, Clinton and CDC but denies BIOW / man made pathogens... BUT NOT THE WHO! Denies HIV was mad made and put down the most respected man who proved how and who created HIV! Be very careful! They  out in droves now
Live-chatting with @Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, infectious-disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci warns the #coronavirus outbreak is in an “escalation 
America realizing we are all Dr. Fauci. 
Instead of doing things like watching sports, hanging with the grandkids, going out for dinner & drinks, going to work, hanging with friends...I get to watch Trump on TV every day having a meltdown & yelling at people with Pence nodding in the background & Fauci hiding his face?
Practically every possible human emotion races through Fauci’s body in a span of only about six seconds.  …
Omg Alan, PAY ATTENTION PLEASE! It’s a 1-2 hour trump lie fest each day. We’re all praying Dr. Fauci stays on! It’s really embarrassing.
Dr. Fauci is all of us after this week. 
Please hear me -!it is being used off-label already in ICUs - I know this for a fact due to med fam. Dr Fauci is doing what the head of CDC must always do...deny due to liability. it isn’t well tested and it’s all anecdotal at this point but PoTus has given them the right to try
A lot of people are mentioning that Fauci laughed prior to this, and was trying to refrain from laughing further, as though this was an inside joke. I disagree. I believe the laugh was in  as was wiping his forehead. He has a history.
I’d give anything for one if those cartoon air thought bubbles pulled up over Fauci’s head when Trump is speaking  …
A lot of people seem to think Fauci should be going rogue on Trump. I wonder if they think we’d be better served by replacing Fauci with Kushner. We need Fauci & Fauci knows that. That’s likely why he puts up with the Trump Show.
Mike Pence has got to teach Dr. Fauci how to temporarily leave his body when Trump is talking.
Look at Dr. Fauci’s body language. Listening to this idiot is utterly painful. He  fed up. 
Keep your eyes on Fauci and Birx as @VP #Pence lies about testing. Wow... #TrumpPlague  …
#Chloroquine #coronavirus #DS #Fauci #Hillary #WikiLeaks Trump optimistic about Chloroquine Fauci downplays it “From your doctor admirer” FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email  …
WikiLeaks HRC email files contain a letter from Fauci to HRC through her lawyer, Cheryl Mills: “Please tell her that we all love her & are very proud to know her.” Dr. Fauci will continue to be on The President's WuFlu Task Force unless he's replaced.  
I love @realDonaldTrump!!! You can spot the exact moment Dr. Fauci died inside - March 20, 2020  via @YouTube
Laura Ingraham is not a doctor. Donald Trump is not a doctor. Dr. Anthony Fauci IS a doctor. But the @FoxNews faithful who watch this show would trust Ingraham and Trump with the healthcare of their sick loved one over Dr. Fauci. This is what Ailes wrought.  
Not the only one. Here’s another email from Fauci professing his love for Hillary. 
Dr. Fauci's laughing to keep from crying... Right at that very moment he was probably thinking to himself... OH FUCK WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE. #TrumpMeltdown 
Interesting "From your doctor admirer" - FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Offers Glowing Praise for Crooked Hillary Clinton in Leaked Wikileaks Email  … via @gatewaypundit
We are all Dr Fauci 
Dr Fauci is a plant for the deep state. He's managed to convince Trump his plan locking down America is correct. Schumer and Pelosi are laughing. Impeachment didn't get the job done but a virus can...High five!
I’m personally not going to listen to, share or mention anything said in the Coronavirus briefings again unless it’s Dr. Fauci saying it. Mike Pence is not a Doctor or a medical expert or a health official. He was tasked with covering up info and lying for a pathological liar.
Something ain't kosher with Dr, Fauci. Can't put my finger on it at the moment, but I can feel it in my gut.
A stupid analogy ! Car crashes to a spreading #ChineseVirus ! He got a punch in the gut by Dr. Fauci! His answers are deliberate and carefully measured! But mine isn’t ! This guy belongs to the pool of piranhas ! ⁦ @POTUS⁩ ⁦ @SecPompeo⁩ we will win the battle 
I guess you missed the press conference where #Dr._Fauci explained & layout details of why #hydroxychloroquine is NOT the coronavirus wonder drug So please stop misleading the American people & stop giving them false hopes You wand to praise Trump fine but do it  …
The moment Dr. Fauci takes a stand that openly contradicts Trump it will be the last we hear from him!
Dr.SHIVA LIVE: Truth Freedom & Health. Vs. Fear Fauci & Fascism.  …
If I was a journalist in the briefing room I'd be trying to pick Fauci or Birx's brain right now, not Trump's.  …
Day 1156: Dr. Fauci, doing a great impression me for the past 1156 days. #fauci #coronavirus #thebeswords #wellseewhathappens 
If journalists actually think this they could direct their questions to Fauci or Birx instead of trying to trip Trump up on topics that most people don't care about  …
60,000,000 Americans got Swine Flu 275,000 Americans were hospitalized 12,000-18,000 Americans died of it This isn’t the dunk you think it is. Oh and the experts are the ones who asked Trump to close everything. Who’s the expert? Dr. Fauci who worked on pandemics with Obama.
So what's up with Dr. Fauci?  …
Dr Fauci grew up in my neighborhood, Dyker Heights, Brooklyn. He is dedicated to helping people and he has to be beside himself listening to this insane screwball. I'm sure he stays ONLY to save lives. 
. @ABC GETS IT WRONG: When Fauci said: “the answer is no” because “the evidence you’re talking about … is anecdotal evidence" he was answering a QUESTION ON CHLOROQUINE'S USE "AS A PROPHYLAXIS" not on "if the drug was promising" as a COVI19 treatment. 
Poor Dr. Fauci. This must be so humiliating for him. He's trying to hold it together but he has be wondering how his distinguished life came to this moment where he's standing on a dais with  moron who's not only embarrassing him but in charge of such a deadly pandemic.
Just to be clear... You can look at Donald Trump and Dr. Anthony Fauci on the same stage, and then somehow think that it is FAUCI who is arrogant and has no respect for opposing views?
They will one day make a lot of movies about this event, and write books about this event, and Dr. Fauci will be the hero in every one and he damn well should be. Do you agree twitter?  …
Dr. Fauci reminds me more of a buttoned down bureaucrat with no patience for an opposing view. A little locked down to me. A certain swagger and arrogance in his presence. Only time will tell.Not that I don't respect him. Just doesn't feel right at the moment. Am I that far off?
This hydroxycloroquin apparently has shown some hope with the China virus, yet Dr. Fauci CDC says no tests that confirm it. He seems more interested in a future vaccination, a year to year and half out? Seems off... plus go back & look at Dr Fauci during H1N1, not as negative..
Dr. Fauci: 'No question' coronavirus outbreak in US 'is going to be a few weeks'  …
Dr. Fauci. Big fan of Killary. Loves her and said she "hit it out of the park" during the Benghazi hearings. Thanks. Doc. 
I'll just say it..............I don't like Dr. Fauci
You have to watch this... Trump’s apparent anger on display as he used the derogatory term “Deep State Department” and Dr. Fauci reacted by grinning and putting his hand over his face. 
I have admired Dr. Tony Fauci for decades but never more than now. He is an amazing representative of the medical &  We owe him big time for his ability to  subjects and acknowledge what he knows from what he doesn’t know. Thanks Tony! 
Fauci trying not to laugh. 
North Korean Presenter Lady praises the Dear Leader, which I'm sure won't at all encourage people to ignore Fauci and instead to besiege their doctors for prescriptions because she explained that Trump has better instincts than, say, scientists.  …
I have the same problem with Dr. Fauci as Laura Ingraham. Fauci wants to make everything anecdotal (blow off) when speaking of using hydroxychloroquine. This an emergency & we need to get this to people right now! It works and it's been around forever.
#Presidementia Briefing transcript now available online. Trump goes off on “fake news,” misstates facts re meds, undercuts Fauci, gives rambling non-answers. Calf splatter & cognitive impairment in living color. Read here unredacted.  …
Fear Porn Fauci actually giving President Trump credit for once. 
You need to watch Dr William Grace from Lenox Hill in NY then actually look at the study that came out of France . Like Dr Grace said , Trump and Dr Fauci are both correct. 
CNN’s Dr. Gupta Says He’s ‘Never Seen Anything Like It’ When Trump Overrode Dr. Fauci  … via @NicoleJames
Fauci's having to weigh his words while standing behind him when he lies all to not make Trump get bested or risk being silenced. We must not let Trump end us. It's time to run over him and ahead of him if we're going to survive. It's the office we honor not him. Shut him out.
And at the same time he and pence need to bow out and let Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx lead and conduct all of the press briefings.
For the: What difference at this point does it make? crowd Here’s a fun  and contrast the good doctor in September 2009 after 3-4000 H1N1 deaths in the USA vs Fauci under Trump after 2-300 COVID-19 deaths: 
Dr. Fauci must be more full throated in his rebuke of Trump’s lies about the malaria drug. It has many serious side effects. And it is in no way proven effective against coronavirus. News networks: Stop giving Trump a platform to spew lies that endanger people’s lives!
Dr. Fauci is not sure when life will return to normal for Americans; as Coronavirus remains frustratingly hard to predict.  …
Fauci Scrambles To Hide A Laugh At Trump Press Conference, Breaks His Own Cardinal Rule Instead  …
Lol! Fauci doing all he can to hold back from peeing in pants from laughter. @realDonaldTrump is freakin awesome!!!!  …
Dr.Fauci's and everyone in the room 
Dr. Fauci says it all with body language. #TrumpPressConference #CoronaCrisis 
Dr. Kelly Sennholz: Trump's press conference w/ Dr. Fauci was a jaw-dropper. I don't know how any sane person can say Trump's not contributing to the spread of this virus. @MtnMD #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronaVirusUpdate
Dr. Anthony Fauci is all us. 
I can’t imagine having Dr. Fauci’s job. My questions? 1. How can he keep a straight face? 2. Is he afraid of 45? 3. What is  with 45 like? 4. Does Dr. Fauci laugh, cry, or both everyday when he gets home? 5. Did he pull the short straw? 
Dr. Fauci conveys perfectly what a lot of people are feeling. #TrumpPressConference #TrumpLiesPeopleDie 
“We still have to get more equipment. And we're doing something to get more equipment. We still need to make sure that testing is much more available, but it's getting there really rapidly,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci 
Amen!! So when will MSM STOP BROADCASTING THE PROPAGANDA SHOW? Just give us Dr. Fauci every day! He is the only one talking straight with us from that podium!
Fauci Love Letter to Hillary Clinton Surfaces….  
Fauci went full tomato on that Deep State  I think that one ruffled his jimmies a bit. Did you see that Wikileaks email where he was loving all over Hillary? 
We’re all Dr. Fauci... 
Dr Fauci’s disbelief of the crap he needs to correct from this administration. #Maddow  …
Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx were looking for a floor hatch to escape through today.
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face just said it all  …
I really hope that @realDonaldTrump doesn’t fire Dr. Fauci or prevent him from speaking publicly just because he face palmed during his deep state conspiracy rant on live TV today #TrumpMeltdown Dr. Fauci is one of the only people that both parties respect & trust 
Just watched the incredibly capable Dr. Anthony Fauci on PBS. He was dynamite. The message: We can get thru this. But, “if we take it very, very seriously.” Listen to the QB! 
Why doesn't Dr. Fauci just distance himself from the WH shitshow and speak out plainly?
The exact moment Dr. Fauci dies inside  …
And it was at that moment Dr. Fauci realized... We are all going to die.  …
They repeat this lie at every briefing. It’s practically accepted as a fact at this point. It isn’t. It’s a lie. Fauci is wrong: Italy did close its border to China  …
Donald Trump's day so far: - Psychotic #TrumpMeltdown sends stock market off a cliff - Dr. Fauci can't bear to watch - What is this crap from Melania? - Mike Huckabee shits himself - GOP insider trading everywhere - Trump is going to prison - It's still only 9:30pm
I think Tony Fauci should start to wear an N95 to protect himself. He is a national treasure. However, if he would do that, we would miss out on this. Fauci's facial expression are basically the only thing that makes me laugh these days.  …
does anyone else have a crush on Anthony Fauci now
We are with you Dr Fauci, we are with you! #FauciFacepalm #QuarantineLife 
Scott Dworkin: I don't like how Dr. Fauci is starting to acquiesce to Trump instead of plainly stating, "He's wrong!" Then again, if he's honest, he won't be asked back. @Funder @TheDemCoalition #DworkinReport
What are the chances that Dr. Fauci stays on the team?
Even Dr. Fauci can't hide his disdain for Presidential bullshit.  …
The left loves Fauci 
Just ... incredible. Fauci and Brix are having to swallow more crap than a two-hole outhouse in order to stay in the fight to keep things at least somewhat sane.  …
I hope Fauci is a good guy. But lately I don’t trust anyone except President Trump
Dr. Horacio Arruda, Dr. Theresa Tam and Dr. Anthony Fauci walk into a bar ... and simultaneously, wonder why it's still open. #StayHome
Dr. Anthony Fauci explains how the COVID-19 coronavirus spreads, and why it is more serious than  cold or 
Yikes. That’s actually not what either said. Trump said he was optimistic and trials will happen deferring to Dr. Fauci, who said that it needs to studied in a scientific sense for the purpose of treating coronavirus. Your job is easy. Do it.  …
I recall a few weeks ago Dr. Fauci pooh-poohing the idea that we could test a vaccine right away, that it was a year out. But we're doing it now, in record time. Now he's pooh-poohing Trump's optimism over chloroquine as a treatment. Typical elitist. Fauci reminds me of Bloomberg
Trumps known Liar, Shifts blame to China, Lies & Misleads Vulnerable Americans is everyday in his cold hearted life! Trump overrides Dr. Fauci is HILARIOUS more of Trump’s handy work! Everybody should see this Video! #November2020VoteBiden 
Dr. Fauci’s reaction - Priceless!! 
Two people from Brooklyn who will help you through your time inside at home: 1) Dr. Fauci. 2) Larry David. Let’s all be pretty, pretty, pretty good at social distancing. #FlattenTheCurve
Dr. Fauci swiftly fact-checks Donald Trump on COVID-19 testing shortages: ‘That is a reality that is happening now’  …
Dr. Fauci controlled his laughter better than I'm doing right now. I love my president!  …
It's not like **nobody** has done the legwork on this. But Dr.  from a system riddled and saddled and burdened and weighted down and slowed by massive regulatory hurdles. He immediately starts talking about all the i's that must be dotted & t's crossed before use.
Yes I heard what Dr. Fauci said today. Here's my rebuttal to all those saying it will take MONTHS if not YEARS for any drugs like chloroquine to be approved in the US for treating/preventing the CCPVirus:
This needs to be a GIF. Fauci trying to smother an “OMG” moment listening to Trump.  …
Pence: "I just cannot emphasize enough about the incredible progress we have made on testing." Watch Fauci and Birx  …
Tony Fauci's handswipe across the forehead never lies:  …
Live-chatting with @Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, infectious-disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci warns the #coronavirus outbreak is in an “escalation 
NEW: Dr. Fauci says officials are hoping to create online system for hydroxychloroquine prescriptions for COVID-19 patients, "where people can...have a doctor make the determination whether or not they should be put on. But, also, have the capability of collecting information." 
Dr. Fauci is all of us 
‘God help us’: Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Dr. Fauci at COVID-19 briefing  …
Your spokesperson has to clued into “the plan”. Because if your spokesperson doesn’t know what is really going on you lose CONTROL. Dr Fauci knows this is a Deepstate takedown and his reaction is true to that knowledge #QAnon  …
Spent today on the phone with White House for an update with Dr. Fauci and other administration officials to hear about developments in testing and precautionary measures to slow the spread of COVID-19, 1/3
The real panic begins when Trump fires Fauci for telling the truth.
Unfortunate that Fauci has to lie to keep his job. Among other things, Trump is NOT smart and Fauci damn well knows it.
Doubting Dr. Fauci might want to look at this: "Chloroquine phosphate has shown apparent efficacy in treatment of COVID-19 associated pneumonia in clinical studies ... "  …
I will say it, I don't trust Dr. Fauci I hope he proves me wrong.
In other words, DO NOT listen to @SecPompeo, @realDonaldTrump @VP @Surgeon_General @SecAzar or anyone in the trump admin. They’re lying and spewing propaganda, and they are by far the most  administration in US History. Listen to Dr. Fauci & the World Health Org  …
Look at Dr. Fauci try to hide his laughter at the Deep State Department joke..! 
who is Dr. Anthony Fauci? A good friend of Hillary Clinton's.
Dr. Fauci is the recipient of Villanova University's "Mendel Medal" for the year 2016. Saint Augustine, please help him.
Dr. Fauci is laughing at the joke, he's not embarrassed. Why do we constantly have to explain humor to the Democrats? Not a  …
I wish we had more reporters like @kaitlancollins, who had the courage call out Trump for his unhinged attack on Peter Alexander. I also wish Anthony Fauci would do something heroic — like walk the f*ck out in the middle of a #TrumpMeltdown. THAT would be  …
Fauci’s undermining @Potus behind his back AGAIN. The same Fauci who NIH whistleblower Dr Judy Mikovits has (publicly) called a mass murderer. Here Dr Mikovits says, “follow Tony Fauci.” That’s exactly what Potus is doing & Fauci’s cracked under z pressure  
Please stop making Dr Fauci facepalm. America needs him as healthy as possible. 
Trump makes us choose between believing Dr Anthony Fauci, or a moron named Trump. All Hail “The Expert!”  … via @dailysoundnfury
#TrumpMeltdown Trump: What do you have to lose by using untested medication? Dr. Fauci: Just kill me now! 
Not supposed to touch your face, but in this case Dr. Fauci has no choice. 
Lolol!!!!!!!!!!! Paging Dr. Fauci!!!!!!!!!!!! his face. O. M. G. He knows.  …
Call me crazy, but I’m not sure I trust Fauci! I’ve seen him on different shows, and I just get a vibe he’s not on the same team as  …
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face during the #TrumpMeltdown said it  …
Donald Trump has “a feeling” that an anti-malarial drug might be effective against Covid-19, even though Dr. Anthony Fauci says there is no evidence it is. 
I think the press needs to stop televising these briefings, and they need to set up separate interviews with Fauci or Brix.
Of all the outlets Fauci could go to to undermine Trump, he picks CNN, Trump's arch enemy?
Thanks @StephanieAnnCou for this WikiLeaks email showing the great love & reverence Fauci has for #Vaccine queen Hillary: “Please tell her we all love her [Hillary] and are very proud to know her.” More   
They should say this is a question for Dr. Fauci or Amb. Birx or VP Pence or whoever. Avoid directing questions to Trump. He will still try to take over but bring it back to the person it was originally directed to. Ignore Trump as much as possible. He only muddies the water.
Dr. Fauci said he and the president weren’t really saying different things but go ahead and frighten and anger people  …
I would not be surprised if Fauci has been in contact with Hillary throughout this entire ordeal. I have no proof of that, but this just smells like her style.
Is Fauci a Hillary plant? Think about this. Trump makes a hopeful statement on #hydrochloroquine and Fauci immediately runs to #CNN, Trump's most hated #FakeNews outlet to contradict him? That is EXACTLY what a Hillary plant would do.
Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci: 'I've never seen anything like it'  …
WATCH: the moment Tony Fauci, a reputable scientist & honorable American, realizes he’s working for a petty, selfish, ignorant, unfunny orange manbaby who’s lost touch w/ reality & is fundamentally incapable of leading America thru this dire crisis. 
So how long do y’all think it will take for Dr. Fauci to be fired via twitter? “I want to thank Dr. Fauci for his hard work during the coronavirus pandemic. I wish nothing but the best for him in the future”  …
Watching these clips of Fauci v. Trump again from today. They are just wild. Four times Fauci says "the President has a feeling, but I am a scientist." Wow. Fauci has weathered six presidencies. It's amazing how he just barrels through. #CoronavirusPandemic
Is Fauci a Clinton plant inside the Trump COVID-19 response team?  …
We are all Dr. Fauci...  …
Dr Fauci is saying it could be used as a treatment if it works during trials. Trump is saying I believe it will work. The difference is that one is cautious and the other overly ambitious.
Dr. Anthony Fauci shields his face during President Trump's briefing on coronavirus. More on coronavirus here:  
Our California Governor, Gavin Newsom seems to be doing a pretty good job. We are mostly at home now with only essential businesses open. Stay safe and listen to what Fauci and Cuomo say.
Imagine saying something so dumb that it would make the ever-disciplined Dr. Anthony Fauci touch his face in a crowded room full of recent travelers who required testing for purported exposure to COVID19  …
if they get fucking fauci sick by not practicing social distancing ... you have to imagine he suggested masks and distance and was shouted down but is doing this to at least have ONE expert speaking some truth to the american people (i imagine?)  …
Dr. Fauci wishing he made some different life choices. 
Right. Dr. Fauci, the expert, was saying no conclusions can be drawn about safety and efficacy without clinical trials. The president was talking about unicorns galloping on rainbows. Exactly the same.
Here is an email from Dr. Fauci offering glowing praise for Hillary Clinton. Tell me this guy isn't a plant. 
The Surgeon General says there was no disconnect at today’s press conference between what the President was saying and what Dr. Fauci was saying 
Dr. Fauci, pictured here, regrettin' his most recent life choice.  …
Stop carrying  live. Cut away when  to the mic, then rejoin when Fauci or other expert speaks. Trump is doing real damage to America. It would be a public service to keep him off the air. @cnn @jaketapper @AC360 @ErinBurnett @JohnKingCNN @drsanjaygupta
Dr. Anthony Fauci throws cold water on Pres. Trump's declaration that malaria drug chloroquine is a "game changer." 
Glad to see @realDonaldTrump is reading my tweets! Time to expose “Deep State” Emperor Fauci & his “illustrious” career of #FakeScience imposing “one-size-fits-all” Medieval Mandated Medicine to profit his BIG PHARMA minions, the expense of crashing our economy. More 
Dr. Fauci says Americans will likely need to stay home for at least several more weeks: “I cannot see that all of a sudden, next week or two weeks from now it's going to be over. I don't think there's a chance of that." 
Today’s presser wasn’t just a disgrace, it was damaging to our fight against this virus. Someone has to schedule a playdate conflict for Trump during this time block:The 5 Scariest Moments From Trump’s Coronavirus Briefing #fauci  …
Why does Fauci matter? At a strange moment like this where perception has  reality and reality is disregarded, it is important to inject hope into that perception. Fauci has taken it upon himself to steal hope at every opportunity. And for this, I consider him the enemy.
"We still need to make sure that testing is much more available, but it's getting there really rapidly." — Dr. Anthony Fauci to 
Dr. Fauci tells us that washing your hands first thing arrive at work or at home is "the right thing to do." 
Dr. Fauci is a PATRIOT. He is OUR greatest hope.  …
The moment Fauci realizes we’re screwed. #DrFauci is all of us but kept it together better than I could have. #coronavirus #Covid_19 
So if Dr. Fauci gathered his gonads together & refused to rationalize Trump's bullshit, do you think Trump would have the BALLS to fire him? Don't you think Fauci can call his bluff? I'd love to see that. I'd love to see Fauci stand for the TRUTH AND NOTHING BUT. Not cowardice.
He lashed out at an honest question which was actually a softball gift to let  the nation. He repeatedly contradicted Dr. Fauci. No masks. No ventilators. No money for small businesses. No money for laid off workers. He's an overwhelmed, pathetic failure. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci on hydroxychloroquine, which Pres. Trump touted as potential treatment but isn't proven: "If someone is in a dire situation, they need something, should you try it, even though you don't know it works? That's a decision between the physician and the patient." 
So Fauci lied today in order to make Trump look good. So now there’s no one we can trust.  …
. @NorahODonnell: "Is there a proven treatment to prevent or treat COVID-19?" Dr. Anthony Fauci: "There is not a proven, and that's the underlying word, a proven treatment or prevention. There's some anecdotal information that one or two of these may possibly have some benefit." 
Omg. Protect Dr. Fauci st all costs. He’s the only adult running this crisis right now.
"This is a very unique situation we are in. ... It isn't business as usual. We cannot treat this as business as usual." — Dr. Anthony Fauci on people who are at beaches and bars during this COVID-19 pandemic 
I love how Donald Trump says he feels good about a certain medicine that Fauci says won't work. Why do we care about what an idiot like Trump, feels good about? That is not science. WTF is Trump's reality! It certainly isn't OUR reality.
Dr. Fauci does his best not to laugh when Trump refers to the "Deep State Department." 
Since this tweet blew up going to take a moment to point out that Fauci is a career public servant who is using he decades of expertise to help a President who has routinely denigrated people like Fauci as “deep state” and the “swamp.” Because that is what real public servants do
Trump, untested malaria drug is a game changer. Fauci, uh nope!  …
Dr. Fauci is all of us rn 
He's spent the past two weeks telling American's not to touch our faces. One press briefing and Dr. Fauci is like "F*&$it. Just put me out of my misery."
"it isn't business as usual...it's almost like being in a war" Dr. Anthony Fauci @NewsHour now, message to young people and others still going to beaches, partying with friends
Dr. Fauci literally just gave Trump the The moment when someone says something so ignorant that you just can't fight the smirk on your face
Stop referring to quarantine as "panic closings." "Panic closings" are how we'll reduce the rate of #coronavirus transmission and not overload hospitals. Dr. Fauci (an immunologist with a half-century of experience) says that's the best way to do it.   …
Fauci trying not to laugh is my spirit animal.  …
Trump makes another  and Fauci’s out here touching his face trying to end it all... 
The "game changer" drug #hydroychloroquine: Woo, it works on malaria. Trump: "I am a fan." Fauci: Not so fast. And does Trump even know that the malaria parasite is not a virus?
Dr. Fauci: 'No question' coronavirus outbreak in US 'is going to be a few weeks'  …
But Trump had said today, repeatedly, that the drug might or might not work. And he made clear he agrees with Fauci that it needed to be tested for effectiveness. The question thus ignored what Trump had just said.
The good Dr Fauci standing up for science against spin is the hope I needed today. #Covid_19 #coronavirus
and Pompeo called it the Chinese virus right out of the gate. The whole lot of them (with the exception of Fauci and Birx) are reprehensible
Dr Fauci couldn't keep it in. Priceless... 
Dr. Fauci is my spirit animal. 
Trump was so horrific at his press conference today that Dr. Fauci literally facepalmed--meaning an infectious disease expert like Dr Fauci touched his face during a pandemic bc Trump was that awful. Open of my @SXMProgress  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, an immunologist and key member of the White House's pandemic response team, acknowledged on Friday that there aren't enough tests to respond to the demand. "We are not there yet," he said. 
A skeptical look at #COVID19 data, models & assumptions This is NOT 1918 Flu pandemic. Not even close #Pandemics for #SARS #MERS #SwineFlu #birdflu were declared to be 1918 flu Why did #Fauci #NIH #WHO not #shutdown world with those, especially w  …
Per Dr. Fauci, America's early decision to suspend travel with China--and later Europe--was the main reason we are not in Italy's unenviable position today. Democrats, the media, and even @joebiden called @realDonaldTrump "racist" and "xenophobic" for it. 
Dr. Fauci on potential treatment drug: "It might be effective." 
People's interpretations of Fauci's laugh is 50-50 on my feed so I'll give him benefit of doubt on THAT but he's still the bastard who drove economy into the ground.  …
SCROTUS as a father: "Daddy, I'm scared, please read me a bedtime story." "Shut up you stupid brat, that's a nasty request you fake kid & the monsters under your deep bed  to kill you." ***Dr. Fauci face palms...*** #PressBriefing #DrFauci #TrumpIsAnIdiot #Covid_19
I can remember when a President’s updates and press conferences were reassuring and informative to the American People. The daily campaign rally that we’re watching, has led to mass panic, panic shopping and hoarding, and violence against Asian Americans. More Fauci less POTUS!!
Dr. Fauci is taking over Sean Spicer's behavior.  …
. The Man Is Embarrassing to EVERYONE with Half a Brain Trump IS #TheUglyAmerican Dr. Anthony Fauci did a facepalm after Trump mentioned the 'Deep State Department' in a wild coronavirus briefing  … via @businessinsider
Standing by the president's side throughout the lengthy press conference, Dr. Anthony Fauci broke his poker face during one exchange. Pompeo pathetically chuckled. #ShitholePresident  …
Dr Fauci a medical warrior, who fought the AIDS, H1N1, and Ebola crises with effectiveness, and passion is respected by the  It is sad for me to see him  a prop on stage to a person who on his best day could not understand a picture book on Coronavirus.
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face just said it all  …
"One day after Trump said chloroquine had shown “very encouraging early results” treating COVID-19 and would be rolled out to patients “almost immediately,” Dr. Anthony Fauci was asked at a briefing in Washington..."  …
When Dr. Fauci touches his face during a pandemic, that's how you know it's very, very bad. 
Imagine him before the press conference. Trump: "I'm gonna call them the Deep State Dept." Pompeo: "You won't!" Fauci: "Yeah, I dare you! I don't got you doing it." Trump: "You know I will! Just watch boys." At least I would imagine this is how it went down hahaha
Fauci predicts Americans will likely need to stay home for at least several more weeks  … via @nbcnews
Dr Fauci's reaction says it all. 
Trump thinks he knows it all, even though he hardly knows anything... ‘I’ve never seen anything like it’: Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci 
Just to show how ridiculous this is: Anthony Fauci has been director of NIAID since 1984. If someone “planted” him, it was Ronald Reagan.  …
Dr. Fauci like don’t laugh don’t laugh
Listen to WHO and Fauci, not this guy.
Fauci swiftly fact-checks Trump on COVID-19 testing shortages: ‘That is a reality that is happening now’ Fauci said everyone should be tested to see who needs to remain in quarantine to stop the spread of the virus Why is trump stalling US testing?  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci throws cold water on Pres. Trump's declaration that malaria drug chloroquine is a "game changer." 
Would I be wrong to say between the Fauci facepalm, and attacking a journalist for asking a timed honored question this morning’s presser did not go well?
Watch: As Trump Rips Deep State, Fauci Goes Facepalm, Knowing Why Trump’s Wording Is So Dangerous  …
Can we please just temporarily make Dr. Fauci president
Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Fauci at COVID-19 briefing: ‘God help us’  …
I suggest everyone start copying Brad Parscale @parscale that Fauci needs to go for a lot of reasons.  …
WANNA GET AWAY? Dr Anthony Fauci is all of us when Trump tries to be funny and refers to the State Department as the Deep State Department. 
We are all Dr. Fauci now.  …
Top U.S. infectious diseases expert Dr. Anthony Fauci hides his face during President Trump's coronavirus briefing. More on coronavirus here:  
Mrs. Fauci: Tony, you've been in the shower for a half-hour, are you washing away germs? TF: Something like that honey.
Fauci. Deep State. Fauci sweating bullets after Trump says, "deep state dept" in #coronavirus presser today. Fauci better do what he's told. "We have it all," means cures. Mil in control. Trust POTUS. Trump is expediting cures for virus. Cures known. CDC overhauled. 
Dr. Fauci’s HIV research saved millions of lives. Not to mention his significant work into the immune system which revolutionized the way we treated certain autoimmune diseases like Rhematoid arthritis. But according to hacks like Bill, Dr. Fauci is the “Deep State” 
#Fauci sets no policy, only  States independently use their Health Departments to assess risk & implement protocols. Firing Fauci would devastate the fragile trust built with the American ppl. Also, you’re an idiot. You’ve always been, too. So, there’s that 
‘God help us’: Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Fauci at COVID-19 briefing -  …
I think this morning I saw the exact moment Tony Fauci got the phase... STONE COLD IDIOT Am I Right?
Keep Donny the Market Slayer off TV and feature Dr. Fauci before our  collapses.
Tony Fauci, please stop touching your face! 
Dr. Fauci has advised 6 Presidents on HIV and many other domestic and global health issues. He was one of the principal architects of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, a program that has saved millions of lives. And now this... - #Trump #Covid_19 
If you ask me, if Fauci disagrees with Trump's philosophy about entrenched Establishment THAT MUCH, he needs to resign!  …
Now that you mention it, Dr. Fauci does look a little like you know who... 
Dr Anthony Fauci is all of us 
Just listen to Dr. Fauci.
‘Dr. Anthony Fauci did a facepalm after Trump mentioned the 'Deep State Department' in a wild coronavirus briefing’ Actually, Dr Fauci seems to be stifling a laugh. #FauciFacepalm  …
This is not what happened. At all. "Americans" aren't saying that. Peter Alexander did. He asked if Trump's optimism/reassurances "may be giving Americans a false sense of hope?” Trump returned to saying he is hopeful about a drug, which Fauci backed up   …
Government coronavirus response updates: Trump invokes Defense Production Act, closes southern border citing 'viral spread,' Fauci acknowledges not everyone who needs a test can get one, Birx issues warning that no age group is immune 
Dr. Fauci: DO NOT TOUCH YOUR FACE Also Dr. Fauci 
WATCH: Dr. Anthony Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’  …
When Trump went on a tangent and joked about the State Department — calling it "the Deep State Department," alluding to an unsubstantiated conspiracy against him by civil servants — Fauci covered his face.  …
Trump is such an idiot the poor Fauci can barely hold back his laugh. He breaks from all guidelines to rub his forehead in disbelief.  …
Dr. Fauci is all of us 
‘God help us’: Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Fauci at COVID-19 briefing  …
How long before Trump fires Dr. Fauci for not adequately kissing his ass?  …
Media spread fake news about Dr. Fauci being "muzzled" Media falsely said pandemic office was closed Media cuts off the President in mid-sentence to mischaracterize help offered to governors Media mischaracterized what POTUS said about Google developing a website (they are)
Did you know Dr. Anthony Fauci is guest-starring on the season finale of Curb Your Enthusiasm this Sunday night? h/t 
Dr. Fauci has been super impressive every single time he has spoken in public. Strikes the right tone, sounds earnest, doesn’t hesitate in sharing bad news and projects  that can’t be faked.
Yes, Fauci was visibly upset, basically shook his head when Trump used word "Deep State." You Fauci lovers out there need to wake up.  …
No one worth their salt lasts around Trump for longer than a few months as he is a toxic tornado who is melting the country. I feel terrible for Dr. Fauci.
Live-chatting with @Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, infectious-disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci warns the #coronavirus outbreak is in an “escalation 
Fauci expresses empathy for those who wants tests & says that yes, they're not meeting demand yet, but it's improving quickly. T quickly waves Pence in to mumble some platitudes, then adds his own "it's not my fault" BS.  …
Dr. Fauci, supports Hillary Clinton: 
Today, during a national crisis: You called Peter Alexander a terrible reporter for asking a basic question You called Comcast "Concast" You had another #trumpMeltdown in front of the nation Why not leave those important pressers to adults like Dr. Fauci and STFU?
President TRUMP should consider letting @Mike_Pence & Anthony Fauci handle the @WhiteHouse’s daily coronavirus briefing, @jaketapper says, suggesting @POTUS’s  are “making things worse,” citing today’s clash with 
Dr. Fauci dismissed Hydrochloroquine as an effective treatment for coronavirus even after it showed significant effectiveness. He also did this during today’s briefing: 
Trump said he believed the medications would work to treat the virus. Fauci said no such declaration could be made without testing, again highlighting the sharp divide between data-driven health officials and a president who admits he follows his gut.  …
Dr. Fauci’s non-verbal language is all of us right now. 
We are all Dr #Fauci #Pressbriefing #DeepStateDepartment #CoronaCrisis 
Dr. Fauci is a national treasure. I was lucky enough to meet him when I was a doe-eyed intern. Nothing but kind and full of wisdom. We bonded over @RegisHighSchool. Nobody I would trust more in this moment #thankful4fauci #Fauci2020 
close-up of Dr. Anthony Fauci taken during this remark  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci did a facepalm during Trump's coronavirus briefing - Business Insider  …
Here’s the video of President Trump saying he hasn’t heard of Americans with symptoms of the coronavirus not being able to get tested. Note: Dr. Fauci today clearly said the demand for tests is not being met at this time. 
Interrogators will tell you the touch of the forehead indicates SHAME. Dr Fauci is ashamed of the president.
not sure if this has been done yet, but here's Anthony Fauci reacting to Trump with the Veep end credits music 
People keep asking why President Trump has so and so at these Press conferences. It's for the simple reason that the ENTIRE nation is at war with this virus. People might not like Pence but love Fauci or they might not like Fauci but like hearing from Dr. Brix. That's the point.
My view: #Fauci is a subversive Leftist trying to help Democrats wreck our economy by stoking panic
Dr Fauci follows the same, predictable curve of people who think they can work with Trump to achieve a goal. It won’t work. Stop placating Trump thinking it will work. Foreign leaders have figured it out. When will we? Trump is weak. He backs down to direct challenge.
Dr. Fauci pushes back on the idea that he dismissed that Chloroquine could be effective against Coronavirus: “I’m not dismissing it at all and I hope that interpretation wasn’t widespread.” 
Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci’s face as Trump talks about the “Deep State Department” 
WATCH: Dr. Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’ Dr. Anthony Fauci was caught on camera putting his hand over his face during one of President Donald Trump’s rants about the “deep state” on Friday.  …
Fauci aside, who’s this ugly jokester have a laugh while Americans are scared & dying?  …
He was RIGHT to challenge it because Trump was wrong. Dr. Fauci had to correct him twice.
My lord, Trump made Dr. Fauci break protocols with a facepalm. We are *all* Dr. Fauci.
"Deep State Department"-Eyes on Deep State [Fauci] The CDC works under the World Health Org. partner w/ UN. Who has kept cures away? CDC partners w/ Gates Sound the [WHO] makes #CoronaCrisis #coronavirus  
And again, WTF is he talking about? What is the "Deep State Department?" Also, poor Dr. Fauci is mortified. #COVID19US #StaySafeHelpOthers 
Dr. Anthony Fauci is all of us. 
Fauci and other scientists nobly want to do a good job in this crisis, but Trump is using their gravitas as a prop. Everyday they stand at these press conferences behind him they give these propaganda shows the patina of legitimacy. 
Am I correct that Fauci explained the malaria drug won't do much, and Trump argued with him in real time?
Dr. Anthony Fauci, an immunologist and key member of the White House's pandemic response team, acknowledged on Friday that there aren't enough tests to respond to the demand. "We are not there yet," he said. 
We are all Dr. Fauci. 
Later, Fauci contradicts Trump yet again. Fauci says many American can’t get a test: “That is a reality that is happening now,” adding: “We are not there yet”--at the point where everyone can get a test. I don't know how Fauci walks this line.  …
As a physician, I appreciate Dr. Fauci’s bravery standing up to Trump’s nonsense calling chloroquine an effective drug to fight the coronavirus. We swore an oath to first, do no harm. That means not giving false hope and testing drugs on patients without rigorous clinical trials.
I can’t believe Dr Fauci has kept as straight a face as he has for this long. The man is a saint #SaintFauci
Dr Fauci should start appearing in televised briefings with Biden and  leaders instead of these clowns.
Dr. Gupta & I had the same jaw-dropping reaction to  of verbal napalm & calf splatter wiping out Dr. Fauci's attempts to set the record straight about meds for #coronavirus. #Presidementia  …
Deep State Faggot Confirmed Medal of Freedom to Fauci 2008 from Bush 
If you look closely and wait for it, you will see the exact moment when Dr. Fauci soul leaves his body. 
I’m worried we’ll never see Dr. Fauci again. 
POTUS trolling today's presser throwing zingers. V.P. Pence is stone cold, while Dr. Fauci has SOME reaction. Don't laugh, don't laugh, MUST NOT LAUGH. Can't take it anymore...KEK! 
Watch this, @realDonaldTrump is so fukn stupid, and ridiculous he makes Fauci, the doctor who told us, “DONT TOUCH YOUR FACE” touch his face.  …
WATCH: Sanjay Gupta Rips Trump For Overriding Dr. Anthony Fauci  …
At this point, I suspect Fauci is hoping for an infection.  …
It’s like Dr. Fauci got the short straw and is tasked with following Beavis & Butthead around to make sure they don’t wet the bed or throw any food on the floor. 
That Fauci feeling (sound on) 
Dr Fauci is awesome, super smart and extremely tolerant of trump and his unyielding stupidity. How has Fauci not throat punched trump by now?!
You can almost see Dr. Fauci’s soul leave his body 
CNN’s Dr. Gupta Says He’s “Never Seen Anything Like It” When Trump Overrode Dr. Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, to @BillHemmer, on Donald Trump: "He's a smart guy and he sees what's unfolding in front of him. We brief him very frequently - like, lately, it's been almost everyday."
If you ever wondered what Dr. Fauci's face would like while thinking: "He's going to kill us all!!" Wonder no more. 
DR FAUCI WE UNDERSTAND BUT PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH YOUR FACE DR FAUCI 
Lying Liar Lies Again: Respected infectious disease Dr Fauci says anti-malaria drug needs serious clinical tests over months. Liar tRump immediately contradicts him and says it’s ready to roll out. ”What have we got to lose?”  …
Trump is clearly a world wide embarrassment WATCH: Dr. Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’ | Raw Story  … via rawstory
Stocks lost almost 1000 points from the moment Dr Doom Fauci spewed his typical #FearPorn. How many times do we have to experience this before Trump dumps this plant?
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face during the #CoronaCrisis press conference just said it  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci on Sen. Ron Johnson "I don’t think with any moral conscience you can say, ‘Why don’t we just let it rip and happen and let ‘x’ percent of the people die.' I don’t understand that reasoning at all.”  …
But Fauci couldn't stifle laughing at the President when he referred to the "Deep State Department"......  …
Dr. Brix and Dr. Fauci have the unenviable task of standing behind the demented creamsicle and lending credibility to his uninformed ramblings vs resigning and leaving Americans without their needed expertise and professionalism. I don’t envy them one bit. I couldn’t do it.  …
Fauci’s facepalm, while listening to Trump spew his bullshit, will go down in history as one act that can describe Trump’s entire response to this pandemic. 
Anthony Fauci was ready for this. America was not. w/  …
Peter Alexander bore the brunt of Trump’s anger at Fauci for not lying and saying that the drug he was touting would work. Look for Fauci to be fired. #DrFauci
Dr. Fauci once claimed Hillary Clinton was in great health when in fact her health was deteriorating after illness. Unclassified emails from the State Dept show HRC staffers labeled him as “Hillary Clintons admirer”. He also said “We love her [HRC] & are proud to know her.” 
You've picked up the deterioration in WH staff & #Presidementia. Dr. Fauci, Pence, et al bail him out, but it's getting more difficult. Trump is impaired & self-absorbed, can't turn loose of the microphone. He adds nothing to the briefings beyond extending the time consumed.
We are all Dr. Fauci right now.  …
Poor ol' Dr Fauci. He's about had it with this fucking knuckle headed fart lozenge. 
I think #fauci speaks for the nation 
Anyone else seeing an uptick in rage-tweets against Dr. Fauci (often in broken English) from suspiciously anonymous Twitter accounts?
I would like a press conference with ONLY Dr Fauci.
The only question I’d pose Trump today & every day: “Since you long ago forfeited your own credibility on really all subjects, where should Americans, currently in dire need of the truth, turn?” Yes, it’s a sphinx question. But I want to hear the answer, esp if Fauci steps in.
Dr. Fauci should have a press conference each day. And news orgs should send real health reporters -- not showboating partisans -- to cover it.
WATCH: Dr. Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’ -  …
The Fauci facepalm. 
Player of the Month, Dr Anthony Fauci. MVP too ! Tireless in educating the population about we need to do. Pay attention. @masnOrioles @MLB
We are all Dr. Fauci after watching the press briefing. He was the only one who didn’t lavish praise on Trump. It would be more useful for @VP to tell us the whereabouts of the 4 million tests, then start every sentence with adulation for Trump! #TrumpLiedPeopleDied #TrumpVirus
Dr. Fauci every time Trump speaks 
Dr. Fauci is all of us. That facepalm sums up this administration. 
After several meltdowns in past few days and today's presser, and I'm being serious, I think trump has  cracked under pressure. 100%. No joke. He's lost the battle, and now it's up to governors, us, and Dr. Fauci to win the war. Thoughts? #TrumpFailedAmerica
As soon as I saw Fauci jump in to correct Grosstradamus about the Malaria pills, I had the feeling we may not be seeing much of him after today.
We are all Dr. Fauci 
It’s truly disgusting. Every question @andersoncooper and @drsanjaygupta ask Fauci is couched to try and smear @realDonaldTrump - I’m so grossed out and can’t wait to vote for Trump for the first time in November! Prays and support to our leadership. They’re doing a great job!
A double dose of chloroquine as used in the Chinese study led to fatalities, maybe we should listen to Fauci. Jeez.
If Dr. Fauci walks away, we are in deep trouble. Pray for his good health. Speaking of which, at these awful press conferences I wish everyone would stand six feet clear of him. #SocialDistancing
Trump’s fragile narcissism makes him unable to handle being upstaged by anyone smarter than him. Don’t be shocked if they back-bench Fauci altogether.  …
Dr. Fauci is all of us. 
Donald Trump: *Calls his own State Department "the Deep State Department" Dr. Fauci: That's it, I'm touching my face. Whatever it takes to get out of this circus. 
Fauci's response was excellent: he is a scientists, waits for scientific proof, but Trump's optimism is not misplaced. Then the press tries to get us ginned up into a panic again. The press is shameless, needs to be replaced with real reporters.
Stocks were doing well until Dr Doom Fauci once again opened his damned we're-all-gonna-die yapper. Every time we begin to recover, this idiot dumps on us.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, straight-shooting director Nat’l Inst. Allergies/Infectious Diseases was conspicuously missing from Trump daily press briefings for a few days. But he was back in the presser today. His reaction speaks volumes. Got a caption? 
‘God help us’: Viewers horrified after watching Trump repeatedly undercut Fauci at COVID-19 briefing  …
Trump says "Sect Pompeo is EXTREMELY busy, so I'd like him to go back to the State Dept, or the DEEP STATE Dept as I like to call it." Watch Tony  lose it. Thought balloon over Fauci's head, "Gotta remember I'm here to save lives..." 
Imagine how stupid a sentence has to be to make Dr. Anthony Fauci put his whole face in his hand on national television.  …
Stop broadcasting the #WhiteHouseBriefing Just have Dr.Fauci on the shows to provide facts without interruption.
This hydroxycloroquin apparently has shown some hope with the China virus, yet Dr. Fauci CDC says no tests that confirm it. He seems more interested in a future vaccination, a year to year and half out? Seems odd to me.
Trump's really excited about Hydroxychloroquine Is he volunteering to be the first test case? What do we have to lose? (his words) Dr.Fauci likes to prove things work. Let Trump prove it.
he looked like he was trying not to laugh. Also, if you haven't watched the press conference, go back and watch Dr. Fauci's answers to the press. He is clearly fed up with their garbage as much as anyone.  …
Anthony Fauci is a national treasure.  …
The moment Dr. Fauci hears "Deep State Department" 
Yes, especially Dr. Fauci. He did not look like he wanted to be there.
We are watching a snake oil salesman over rule top scientist on the facts. ‘I’ve never seen anything like it’: Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci -  …
Crazy orange weirdo screams at reporter; Fauci literally face-palms at awful 'deep state' joke  …
At today’s (again lamentable  …) press conf, Fauci is asked whether malaria drug is useful against coronavirus. “The answer is no.” Trump: “Maybe, and maybe not. I feel good about it. It’s just a feeling. [I’m a] smart guy. I feel good about it.”
Watch Dr. Fauci. 
Dr. Fauci swiftly fact-checks Trump on COVID-19 testing shortages: ‘That is a reality that is happening now’  …
I wish I could not watch these pressers but you can't not help but watch a train wreck and watching Fauci's body language is so revealing!  …
The look on Dr. Fauci’s face just said it all  …
Dr.Fauci rather touch his face and risk getting coronavirus than having to listen to Trump 
He's not supposed to touch his face, but we are all Dr. Fauci.  …
Fauci is all of us 
We are all Dr. Fauci now. #TrumpIsAnIdiot #TrumpVirus #Coronavirus #Covid_19 #SocialDistancing #PressConference #PressBriefing #FridayThoughts #FridayMotivation 
Watch Doctors Fauci and Birx Whisper to Each Other as Trump and Pence Spew Misinformation  …
‘I’ve never seen anything like it’: Sanjay Gupta stunned after seeing Trump try to override Fauci  …
Do not make fauci touch his face. Protect Fauci at all costs.  …
We feel you, Dr. Fauci! 
We were all Dr. Fauci during Trump’s meltdown. HT 
We need @JoeBiden @SpeakerPelosi @chuckschumer some Obama and Bush-era CDC,Ebola, HHS, etc experts to start doing daily briefings with information, advice, helplines, fack-check Trump. I bet Dr. Fauci would join those briefings.
The most honest person in the Trump administration - Dr. Anthony Fauci - who contradicts Trump on a regular basis. The only one being 100% honest. Trump will likely fire him soon. 
What is Fauci doing? 
Trump's not tough. Tough men know how to be gentle. He's just angry and mean. Trump's not smart. Smart men know when to keep their mouths shut. He's just a blowhard and a liar. Trump's not charismatic. People laugh at him behind his back. Like Dr. Fauci did today.
It's lunacy that Fauci has to spend time in every press conference navigating Trump's crazy because he knows we need a scientist in the mix daily. Fauci has been at NIAID through SIX administrations--I interviewed him often during Reagan and Bush 1. He's a low-key modest genius.  …
Dr. Fauci expression says it all. He's disgusted by Trump and Pence's lies.  …
Dr #Fauci’s reaction to @realDonaldTrump during today's #coronavirus update has me certain we are really just living in an episode of #CurbYourEnthusiasm right now.  
#Presidementia Press Briefing 03/20: (3)...on misstatements about drugs that treat corona, despite Dr. Fauci’s stepping in (twice!) to correct. This is the 2nd time this week Trump has been asked to speak to people’s fears (a softball question), & both times he ignored...
The World Is Dr. Fauci  …
Well, that's it for Fauci appearing at these press conferences. Was great to have him around while it lasted!!  …
When Dr. Fauci facepalms, that the signal to be unleash the volley of shoes. 
This is amazing. Dr. Fauci is one of the most brilliant physicians in the world - I can’t imagine how much it pains him to be a part of this.  …
Trump is so awful even Fauci can’t help touching his face.  …
#PressBriefing NBC's Peter Alexander: "Dr Fauci said that there is no magic cure.." Trump: "I disagree" Peter Alexander: "What do you say to Americans who are watching you right now who are scared?" Trump: "I say you're a terrible reporter." Well, I feel much better now
The look on Dr Fauci's face and his body language today suggested that he will likely tell us what is really going on behind the scenes when he is able to without setting off a tantrum that will jeopardize his work and American lives. #TrumpPressConference
It Appears Dr. Anthony Fauci Has Had it With Donald Trump  …
Dr Anthony Fauci joins me at 3pm ET.
Dr. Fauci is the real spice of reassurance. #DrFauci 
We are all Dr. Fauci right now!! 
Just watched that largely inappropriate White House briefing, and have one thought: Hey, leaders! LEAD! Or get the hell out of Dr. Anthony Fauci’s way
Trump's nonsense is so toxic it even made Dr. Fauci touch his face, which as we all know, is a big no no.  …
It's so obvious that Trump didn't want Fauci at these briefings And its really obvious why Dr.Fauci was only there today based on the people & the presses demand for someone to speak truth New rule: If Dr.Fauci isn't there don't air the press conference, just summarize it later
Dr Faucì has a tough job. He gives precise, scientific answers. Then Trump  opposite. Another incredible #WhiteHouseBriefing with back & forth between chief scientist & president. Impressive of Fauci not to address the president but repeat his message to audience
We are all Tony Fauci.  …
Dr Fauci standing behind Trump today: You had an infectious disease expert like Dr Fauci touch his face during a pandemic because  were so idiotic! He has to be thinking: "I Should have retired when President Obama left" 
Dr. Fauci reaction is all of us. It’s funny but sad.  …
The look on Dr. Fauci's face just said it all  …
I watched the shitshow press conference with the Prez, thankful for the sanity of Dr. Fauci, whose job is nearly impossible; & now I’m watching the sane @WHO press conference & am so grateful for the detailed, measured engagement by their experts.
Dr Fauci has had to acquiesce to trump, and this is shameful. I know he is walking a fine line and I can see trump getting rid of him. I hate that he calls him Tony. This is such disrespect. This administration is a circus and in chaos. #25thAmendmentNow
If you check my timeline, you'll see I haven't trusted Dr. Doom Fauci from the start.
It Appears Dr. Anthony Fauci Has Had it With Donald Trump  …
Fauci seems to be concentrating on keeping his soul from leaving his body. He’s doing this for us. All of us.  …
Just watch #Fauci body language in this clip. The  smirk then full face palm. He knows Trump is an ignoramus & ill-equipped. God help us. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says he's hearing that people who want coronavirus tests can't get them. "That is a reality that is happening now. Is it the same as it was a few weeks ago? Absolutely not." VP Pence says "incredible progress" is being made on testing.  
Dr. Fauci is all of us. 
p51 Powerful how TRUMP so sickens FAUCI that he touches his own face in an attempt to just end it all already. So much is said with no dialogue.  …
The networks should only air the parts of the press conferences in which Dr. Fauci is talking. Airing @realDonaldTrump's lies & nastiness isn't helping anyone.
At long newser, hard not to think: Is this the best use of Fauci's time? Or Birx's? Of Azar's? Need better way.
Watch Dr Fauci’s response as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump calls the State Department the #DeepState Department. 
Correction: Dr. Fauci is with the NIH. Not the CDC.
Just done with moron @realDonaldTrump ‘ press con on coronavirus..Never seen dumb written on face more than Mike pence and foxiness written on Mike Pompeo and Dr.Fauci looked like he wanted to inject himself with multiple doses of coronavirus to escape the torture
I worked under Dr. Fauci’s leadership and have immense respect for his scientific knowledge and wisdom. He suffers no fools. He’s suffering this to save the country.
Trump" We have a miracle malaria drug Fauci: No we don't Trump: Yes we do Fauci: Nope Trump: I feel good about it Fauci: You shouldn't
Dr. Fauci always looks like the honor student who just drew the dumbest kid in school as a lab partner.
WATCH: Dr. Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’  …
Dr. Fauci praised Trump’s China travel ban early during Wuhan virus outbreak as "one of the things we did right." Restricting travel from China & Europe has helped containing the virus spreading in the US.  …
A straight answer from the CDC's Dr. Fauci on whether we have enough tests. "The answer yes, we are NOT [at testing capacity] yet. Otherwise people wouldn't be calling up saying they can't get a test." 
THIS IS THE PRESIDENT ONCE AGAIN BLAMING OBAMA AFTER HE DISBANDED, DEFUNDED AND DESTROYED WHAT OBAMA BUILT. PENCE IS TRYING NOT TO RUN OFF THE STAGE FAUCI IS FURIOUS! 
Dr. Fauci needs to stream directly to us.
Trump gestured for Pence step in for damage control after Fauci got real about test inavailability
I hope one day Dr Fauci tells us what he really thinks about this moron.
Dr Fauci, walk your ass straight over to CNN and then MSNBC and fuqqing Fox if you have to and tell the American people what we NEED to hear. This was a DISASTER of EPIC PROPORTIONS!
Then Fauci confirms that people can’t get tested. This is a total clown show.  …
Trump blames past administrations for the failures, and praises himself for fixing it. The person — Dr. Fauci — who has been in charge of that system for *quite a while* is standing behind him, arms crossed.
And why for the love of God is there no followup. He talks to governors, he talks to medical professional. Dr. Fauci, are there enough tests for everyone today? The president is a dangerous liar and the WH press pool is negligent. Again.
"Don't test" "we don't want everyone testing"—I keep hearing this from Trump and Fauci on down to NYC officials. In what universe is a medical crisis best served by limiting data & knowledge? Obviously  bullshit. The kleptocracy is killing us & covering up failure.
Dr Fauci is the new Buzz Aldrin 
President Trump, asked about Americans with symptoms unable to get a test: “I’m not hearing it.” Dr. Anthony Fauci, minutes later: “I understand with and empathize with people who say 'I want to get a test, and I cannot.’” He adds, “That is a reality that is happening now."
Trump, when asked about people not getting tested despite having symptoms, says "I haven't heard that." Like 5 minutes later, Dr. Fauci — with Trump standing behind him — admits there are people with symptoms not getting tests.
FAUCI: "I understand and empathize with the people who rightfully are saying I'm trying to get a test and I can't." QUESTION: "Is that your way of saying we are not yet at a point where we are meeting the demand pressure?" FAUCI: "Well, the answer is yes. We are not there yet."
A lot of these journalists are going out in metaphorical body bags today after Trump, Pompeo and Dr. Fauci tore down their dumb questions.
Someone finally asked Dr. Fauci about possible aerosol transmission of the virus. These are the kinds of answers I want to hear, and I’d presume most Americans feel the same. He said he isn’t ruling out such transmissions.
Fauci said the demands are not yet being met in the country for testing. “We are not there yet,” he says, but adds that the situation is getting “better and better." Trump, on concerns about Americans who want a test and can’t get one: “I’m not hearing it.”
Fauci tells the truth: "We are not there yet [to meet the demand of testing]" @realDonaldTrump visibly didn't like that answer, even though it was true, and just pretty much ordered @Mike_Pence to get up there and do more ass kissing. Which he is.
"The answer is yes. We are not there yet" Dr Fauci responds to questions on the US NOT meeting the demand for the availability of tests. While @VP says "we are making more and more tests available every day"
Fauci was covering up the fact he was laughing at Trump's "deep state" joke. Why does @TwitterSupport allow verified accounts to deliberately spread  …
Am I the only one who thinks Fauci was trying to suppress his urge to burst out laughing because he thought what Idiot-in-Chief said was so funny, but realizing he’s on camera he then tries to hide it by covering his face?
Dr. Fauci, standing next to President Trump, states it clearly: The United States is not meeting the demand of people who need coronavirus tests. This after President Trump said he wasn't hearing reports of people who need tests and can't get them.
Fauci acknowledges that many Americans who want a coronavirus test can’t get one, but says availability is improving
Thank you Dr. Fauci for publicly saying we are NOT meeting the testing demand. Keep your foot on the liars of the Trump Admins necks.
You can tell Fauci is rolling his eyes on the inside at the absolute buffoon level ‘questions’. These media people simply want a gotcha moment. They actually don’t give a fuck about any of us.
Please PLEASE just Dr. Fauci talk and send everyone else home. --Sincerely: almost everybody who's paying attention ... #CoronaVirusUpdate
Dr. Anthony Fauci says aerosolized transmissions of the coronavirus are not a substantial thing to worry about. From what we've seen, all the transmissions were from groups of people being in confined spaces together. That's what we need to worry about.
How are we NOT supposed to touch our face when we have to listen to this moron? Not even Dr Fauci can help himself!  …
"If you don't have Universal testing, you can't stop the outbreak" Dr Fauci trumpf "don't need to test everybody" This Is freaking UNBELIEVABLE Keep telling the TRUTH Dr Fauci, We're With You!
This "look" is called the "Ouchie Fauci". Learn it. 
Donald Trump is clearly threatened by Dr. Fauci and is now taking medical questions instead of deferring to the medical expert on stage: “I can tell you about the surfaces, the germ, the virus disappears over a time.”
WATCH: Dr. Fauci facepalms right behind Trump after he rants about ‘Deep State Department’  …
Here’s your Fauci facepalm GIF, people. 
"Let's not conflate testing with the action you take" says Dr. Fauci who said that mass testing is not necessary to blunt the virus spread
Dr. Fauci: I don't see how testing everyone in the country will help. Testing is important but let's not conflate testing with what you can do to protect against the virus.
Fauci downplays the need for universal testing. Trump reiterates that he doesn’t even want everyone to get tested.
It seems clear Fauci is generally trustworthy, well-prepared, and candid, but I'm pretty sure this isn't the first time he's tried to defend the Trump administration's response to the coronavirus—perhaps as a way of defending folks he sees working hard—in a way that's inaccurate.  …
When Dr. Fauci is talking, my confidence SPIKES. When idiot trump is talking, my confidence PLUMMETS. Why do they STILL  defensive trump up there blabbing in these press conferences? He is useless.
Trump Says 'Deep State Department,' Prompting Dr. Fauci to Bury Face in Hands-Think about this: you had an infectious disease expert like Dr Fauci touch his face during a pandemic bc  was so idiotic!  via @mediaite
Fauci’s reaction when Trump refers to the “Deep State Department” 
After Anthony Fauci said that there’s no evidence a decades-old anti-malarial drug would be effective against the novel coronavirus, Trump again insisted he has a good feeling about it 
Did anyone catch Dr. Fauci's reaction to Trump calling the State Department, the DEEP State Department? #PressBriefing 
Dr. Fauci is all of us. All.  …
Dr. Fauci is thinking what we’re all thinking “What a dumb fk” 
Dr. Fauci’s reaction to Trump. Tells you all you need to know. 
Yep. Fauci trying to do the right thing and tamp down false hope. Trump has a "hunch" he is right about this med. He's furious right now that Fauci corrected him.
Trump vs Fauci on potential drug TRUMP: Let’s see if it works. It might, and it might not. I happen to feel good about it… I’ve been right a lot. FAUCI: The president feels optimistic… fundamentally, I think it probably is going to be safe. But I like to prove things first. 
We are all Dr. Fauci.  …
Dr. Fauci is all of us  …
Let us say an Our Father for Dr. Fauci's physical and mental health. I'm not joking. 
More of Anthony Fauci and medical and science professionals, and less of politicians. Please.
Meanwhile, in a suicidal gesture, Dr. Fauci touches his whole face.
WATCH: Trump Says 'Deep State Department,' Prompting Dr. Fauci to Bury Face in Hands  …
I feel so sorry for Fauci. A highly educated, credible,  expert who has to stand next to a total fucking idiot every day and dare not contradict or criticize him for fear of losing his job, which he desperately needs to be able to do right now.
It’s important to note that during today’s Coronavirus press conference Dr. Fauci said that he fully supports the action taken by CA Governor @GavinNewsom . While the federal gov’t continues to fail us, it’s reassuring to live in a state with intelligent leaders. #DemCastCA
Fact Checker: Dr. Fauci is wrong. Italy did close its border to China. 
Curb Your Enthusiasm: Dr Fauci facepalms. 
The problem here wasn't the reporter who noticed that the president was directly contradicting Dr. Fauci, who was far more circumspect on the prospects for chloroquine than POTUS. Noticing that discrepancy and following up on it is a reporter's job.  …
FAUCI: "I think that's a false equivalency  traffic accidents [with coronavirus]. When you have something that's new & emerging and you can't predict the impact it's going to have ... I don't think with any moral consciousness you could just say, 'let it rip!'" 
 across like a 10 year old bully. Dr. Fauci looks stricken and frightened. Pompeo rushes in to shut Trump up and restore their fantasy world government calm. I know I'm frightened for myself, my family, and my country.
Fauci looks like he wants to slap the shit out of Trump
Americans are sick & dying! This charlatan pathologically lies daily, spreading misinfo, gets called on it & he insults & attacks reporters. “Deep State Dept?” Many still dismiss the threat of #CoronavirusPandemic b/c of Trump’s intransigence. Dr. Fauci is all of us here 
All of America is Dr. Fauci.  …
Dr. Fauci wondering how he got involved in this circus sideshow. #PressBriefing #CoronaVirusUpdate 
You know a briefing is bad when Dr. Anthony Fauci, who's instructed everyone to not touch their face to stop the spread of coronavirus, touches his face.  …
My takeaways: 1)squandered time, WH knew 1/3/2020. No prep. No kits. No protecting frontlines/preparing public. 2)lying about Defense Production Act and mobilization. 3)Fauci signals he wants country to look more like NY and CA social isolation efforts. @cnn (if time allows)
Just watch Dr. Anthony Fauci's reaction to Trump disparaging the USA State Department. Standing behind Trump must be so difficult if you have integrity. #DrFauci 
New meme: the Fauci Facepalm. 
Listening to this press conference, I feel the way Dr. Fauci looks. 
Trump describes some of his clinical disagreements with Dr Fauci on drug efficacy. 
Fauci is done. He's had it.
Dr. Fauci more than willing to criticize @RonJohnsonWI dismissing coronavirus because more people die in traffic accidents
Peter Alexander: "Dr Fauci said that there is no magic cure.." Trump: "I disagree ..." PA: Is it possible that your impulse to put a positive spin on things may be giving Americans a false sense of hope about our level of preparedness right now? Trump: "such a lovely question. 
Trump actually drove Dr. Fauci to touch his face.  …
We are all with you Dr. Fauci! 
Briefings from the White House are paramount during a time of crisis (and anytime, for that matter.) But you have to wonder whether Drs. Fauci and Birx have bigger fish to fry at this moment.
FAUCI IS ALL OF US 
I dont have a degree in Reading body psychology but I don't need one to tell you that there is some serious s*** going on between Trump and doctor Fauci
We're all Dr. Fauci right now 
