Sonny Fauci makes his collegiate debut and works a scoreless seventh. E7 | Georgia State 7- #SJUBase 5
"The new coronavirus is "very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic," Anthony Fauci, the director of the US's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. #IDTwitter #medtwitter #COVD19 #IDquotes
TONIGHT: @NIAIDNews Director Dr. Anthony Fauci joins @CNBC on our #COVID19 special report, 7pmET. We'll discuss the latest data, progress toward a vaccine, and measures being taken in the U.S. Later, @ScottGottliebMD will bring us his insights on what we're learning. Tune in!
Studies in China suggest as many as 25% of patients need ICU care, something that could wreak havoc on health systems and cost billions. “There’s always chance #coronavirus can overwhelm health systems in a number of countries, even in countries with good health systems,” -Fauci
Coronavirus, now known as COVID-19, is spreading across the globe at an alarming rate, including 13 cases in the US. To help prepare, I moderated a briefing with federal health officials including Dr. Tony Fauci, and Members of Congress about our prevention and response strategy. 
“I think that we better be careful about jumping to the conclusion that this is turning around,” said Dr. Tony Fauci. A top American official warned against “wishful thinking” and said the #Coronavirus still poses a serious  …
Pandemic? “Is there a risk this will turn into a global pandemic? Absolutely yes” says Director the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases @NIAIDNews, Dr. Anthony Fauci, acknowledged Tuesday.  …
Yes. I'll just say this: from a virologic and epidemiologic standpoint even our CDC and NIH don't believe China. Anthony Fauci, the head of NIH made an unprecedented statement the other day saying that China was under reporting the magnitude of the epidemic. They know.
16) FAUCI: “We want to send our people to help the Chinese; our CDC has office there; but not allowed yet to have ‘boots on ground’”
Fauci lays out COVID-19 vaccine research timeline (best case): - Phase 1 trial at 3 months - Phase 2 at 6 months - Evidence of efficacy at 1 year+ - Production at scale will be hugely challenging.  accelerating production options at 6 months if phase 1 shows promise.  …
At this Aspen Institute event on #COVID19, Fauci and Messonier defend the use of travel bans in the US as necessary to buy time to prepare for what could  a pandemic. Bans not meant to "hermetically seal" the US from other countries.  …
HAPPENING NOW: Experts @HelenBranswell, Dr. Tony Fauci of #NIAID, @RonaldKlain, and @DrNancyM_CDC discuss #CoronaVirus, or Covid-19. Tune in live here:  … @NIAIDNews
A must watch live 12 pm ET today: "Coronavirus : The New Pandemic?"Anthony Fauci, MD, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and Nancy Messonnier, MD, CDC - moderator @HelenBranswell  … @Fla_Medic #2019nCoV #coronavirus
Looking for more information on #2019nCoV? I am moderating a panel today at the @AspenInstitute from noon to 1:15 pm EST. Star panel: Anthony Fauci, @DrNancyM_CDC, @RonaldKlain. If you’re in  in person & bring questions. Or watch  …
When asked if the novel coronavirus could have been engineered or deliberately released, Dr. Anthony Fauci said, “There’s always that concern.” 
Two @RegisHighSchool grads walk into a studio.... Always a pleasure to have the great Dr. Anthony Fauci on 
This is an important interview w/ Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of NIAID (National Institute of Allergies & Infectious Disease). He presents all the facts we know about #2019nCoV #coronavirus #NCP DO NOT  this is NOT like the flu. Please share & inform others. Be  …
The nature of the #2019nCoV outbreak appears to be acting more like bad pandemic influenza (efficient spread, lower mortality) than like SARS (less efficient spread, overall higher mortality). @NIAIDNews's Tony Fauci discusses latest developments 
US officials and Chinese authorities said that antiviral drug #Remdesivir, used as a treatment for #Ebola, is being tested on #Coronavirus patients in #China. They’re looking at the “effectiveness of the drug” in a “randomized control trial,” Fauci said.  …
World Health Organization team going to China will not include Americans, member of President Trump’s Coronavirus Task Force says: “We’ve been asking for some time to  part of the WHO team that goes to China,” Dr. Fauci said. “Thus far, we’ve not been able to do that.”
Fauci gets Daino Deas swinging for his first collegiate K to end a scoreless eighth. E8 | Johnnies need two to extend this game, trailing GSU 7-5.
NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci worries that concern around the #coronavirus is causing people to focus less on the seasonal flu outbreak. @CDCgov estimates that influenza has hospitalized between 250k - 440k people in the U.S. so far this 
Q: Are face masks needed? A: "Absolutely not." NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci says that there is no reason at this point for people in the U.S. to wear surgical masks to protect themselves from 
Also — #JAMAnetwork editor have been doing great interviews 2 with Dr Fauci, and 1 today with Dr. Wu form the Chinese CDC.  … #CHESTChat #nCoV2019
Good conference call tonight with head coach Lorne Lucas of @ORHSBBall and assistant Rob Fauci of @SHSHilltoppers1 as we try to finalize the senior team roster for the March 28th games against  …
When asked if the novel coronavirus could have been engineered or deliberately released, Dr. Anthony Fauci said, “There’s always that concern.”  …
What should the average person be doing right now about coronavirus? Dr. Anthony Fauci of the @NIH tells @RobertGebelhoff that paying attention to the announcements from the CDC is a key start. More from their 
Trump has the right people -- leaders like Tony Fauci and @DrNancyM_CDC -- but the wrong structure and the wrong instincts for handling this challenge.  …
Always a pleasure to be part of an @AspenInstitute event -- especially with Tony Fauci, @DrNancyM_CDC &  …
“Companies that have the skill to be able to do it are not going to just sit around and have a warm facility, ready to go for when you need it,” Dr Tony Fauci said, speaking on a panel hosted by the Aspen Institute.  … via @statnews #CoronaVirus #COVID19
Video replay: #Coronavirus: The New Pandemic? - Public Health Grand Rounds at the @AspenInstitute w/ @HelenBranswell @RonaldKlain @DrNancyM_CDC @niaidnews' Tony Fauci 
21) Fauci: “Highly likely its a ‘jump’ virus species from animal based on phylogenetic trees.”
Despite spreading more rapidly, so far, the estimated mortality rate for #coronavirus is far lower than for SARS — about  to about 10%. The actual mortality rate of #covid19 is likely much lower than 2% says Anthony Fauci-- but we don't know yet, he adds.  …
“We need to be very careful about how many promises people get about how soon vaccines will be ready,” says @HelenBranswell. “I’m not promising you a rose garden, Helen!” Jokes Dr Tony Fauci, going on to share the same sentiment on vaccines.  … 
Thoughtful expert panel w/Tony Fauci, Nancy Messonnier and @RonaldKlain on strategies to slow the spread of coronavirus, mitigate the effects, make and test a vaccine within a year, help state & local health systems prepare and improve planning for the next 
Please research Obama’s cuts to the CDC and also Dr. Fauci’s  after his team met at the White House that Trump will provide whatever is needed. I do hope this changes the budget; but keep in mind the budget was proposed before the outbreak & affects many agencies.
Dr. Fauci, director of NIH’s Institute of Allergy/Infectious Diseases, announced 1-23-20 a coronavirus vaccine in the pipeline, with human trials to start in 3 months. Stock prices for vaccine makers jumped in response to media reports of impending doom. 
1. Three scenarios on how the novel #coronavirus epidemic may play out. But wise words from Dr. Anthony Fauci: “The issue is, we don’t know. And any sort of prediction would be ill-advised”  …
US officials and Chinese authorities said that antiviral drug Remdesivir, used as a treatment for Ebola, is being tested on Coronavirus patients in China. They’re looking at the “effectiveness of the drug” in a “randomized control trial,” Fauci said. @EpochTimes
That was Fauci from the CDC, I was looking for that interview but there is so much out there, so many interviews that I couldn't find the one where he expressed his frustration with testing.
The Corona rna sequence has been provided by the Chinese and $MRNA has it on its rna platform being made into vaccine, according to Anthony Fauci “without a glitch”
Hahaha! This was bad and she embarrassed herself. But this does  close to Fox News’ Elizabeth Hasselbeck’s interview back in 2014 with Dr Anthony Fauci about Ebola while suggesting that “the borders” be sealed off. Now that was an OUCH!
In your paper/note on #cornavirus you mention a key uncertainty, the question of asymptomatic carriers. Anthony Fauci has removed this uncertainty, although why is this not "driving the outbreak"? Perhaps he does not want to seem paranoid. 
Numbers are way off , expert at Imperial college in London the other day said 50,000 new cases a day , even if he’s off by 50% the numbers are a lot higher than publicized . Dr. Fauci admitted the same the other day .
@realDonaldTrump Sir-perhaps we cld err on the side of caution until Dr Fauci et all know what theis virus IS?
When asked if the novel coronavirus could have been engineered or deliberately released, Dr. Anthony Fauci said, “There’s always that concern.” 
Fauci didn't repeat his recent warning that this would "almost certainly"  a pandemic. Instead he noted that international cases have been isolated, and that there's no pandemic yet. Seems like the more dire warning are being walked back...  …
Insightful interviews with experts Dr Anthony Fauci and Dr Peter Daszak on #ncov2019 #coronavirus Commentary on the risk it  a pandemic. Arguments that the Wuhan quarantine is a gamble which Xi may be  …
Podcast update from JAMA/NIH . @JAMA_current 2019 Novel #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Update. Anthony Fauci discusses the…  …
Anthony Fauci, MD, on Managing Comorbidities in People With HIV [audio] 
(Chinese specialists have been telling us) ‘There’s asymptomatic disease, for sure, and we are seeing asymptomatic transmission,’” Dr. Fauci said. #新型肺炎 via ⁦  …
To quote Dr. Fauci at yesterday's presser: "....and what we needed was a delay to essentially prepare better, but also to get a better feel of where this is going."
Fauci has a bead on this I trust what he says.  …
The 2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak – Update From NIAID’s Anthony Fauci, MD | Global Health | JN Learning | AMA Ed Hub  …
No one knows. But I feel more confident about how US is responding than I thought I would Dr. Fauci and Frieden and other top rocket science docs are clearly influencial. Snuffed out Ebola and SARs in US. I wait for them to speak. I trust what they say. Thank God this isn't China
Anthony S. Fauci, head of the U.S. National Institute of Health’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. U.S. officials have been trying to get a team into China to better study the outbreak.
#CoronavirusOutbreak won’t be brought under control until the #NIAID $MNRA Vaccine is widely distributed - P1 begins in 10 wks per Anthony Fauci.  …
When asked if the novel coronavirus could have been engineered or deliberately released, Dr. Anthony Fauci said, “There’s always that concern.”  …
