Are countries with exported cases releasing info on severity of cases? US - Fauci said a range (mild to severe) WA case severe, CA couple hospitalized Australia - most cases mild? France - 2 were in ICU
President Trump on China's effort  coronavirus Friday: "They are working really hard. I think they are doing a very professional job." Dr. Fauci on Trump Coronavirus Task Force Saturday: "I think there are clearly more infections there than we are seeing being reported"
Coronavirus Threat. Dr. Fauci says we haven’t seen sustained transmission of the coronavirus outside of China, and the risk remains low in the U.S. #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
2019 Novel #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Update. Anthony Fauci discusses the latest developments with JAMA Editor Howard Bauchner. #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Dr. Fauci explained that coronas tend to be winter viruses. They don't do well in hot and humid climates. Unclear how it'll fare outside a cold/dry environment, which might help curb spread in the global south. For more, full story here:  … 4/4
HEAT PODCAST: #Coronavirus is spreading faster & farther than the 2003 SARS epidemic. Is a global pandemic near? Dr Anthony Fauci, NIAID Director @NIH joins @AnandNaidoo to discuss the outbreak's trajectory - and who may be most vulnerable. 
NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci: 25% of China coronavirus cases 'very serious' "About 25% of them have very serious disease, requiring relatively intensive or really intensive care," NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci told CNBC on Monday.  …
Dr Anthony Fauci, @NIH Director “Virus rapidly accelerating—unprecedented situation. SARS had total of ~8000 ppl infected &775 deaths. Already in 1mth, #of ppl infected with #2019_nCov in China alone have more than doubled what we saw with SARS in 1.5yrs”  …
Dr Anthony Fauci, @NIH Director: “25% of them have very serious disease, requiring relatively intensive or really intensive care. It's escalating. #of #2019n_CoV cases is clearly going up in a very steep slope—number is probably much larger than reported”  …
6. However, NIAID Director Fauci still believes in asymptomatic transmission. "I telephoned (a colleague) in China who is a highly respected infectious diseases scientist and health official, (who said) he is convinced... that some asymptomatic people are transmitting infection."
Stopping the Coronavirus: Dr. Anthony Fauci says advanced screening, travel restrictions and quarantines are effectively keeping a lid on transmissions. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Not only does @coronavirus have a horrific 2% mortality rate, it's got a 25% hospital admission rate, which will break any hospital system in any nation. Says NIH Director Dr. Anthony Fauci  @mattocko @balajis @DrEricDing
“It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic. But will it be catastrophic? I don’t know.” ~ Dr. Anthony S. Fauci Best article I’ve seen to date on the #WuhanCoronavirus  …
Dr Anthony Fauci, Dir of US National Institute of Allergy &Infectious Diseases, said Jan31: “There's no doubt—asymptomatic transmission is occurring” Today: “It’s very, very transmissible—almost certainly is going to be a pandemic” #cdnhealth #2019n_CoV  …
#Wuhan #coronavirus likely to  a #pandemic, per many top infectious disease experts. Dr. Anthony Fauci: “It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic." Experts can't yet predict how many will die. #2019nCoV  …
Dr Fauci @niaid said in @NYTimes today that “Its very, very transmissible and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic, But will it be catastrophic? I don’t know.” And this view is shared by a number of top global health leaders.  … 6/x
Wuhan Coronavirus Looks Increasingly Like a Pandemic, Experts Say  Dr. Fauci: "It's very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic."
When asked if the novel coronavirus could have been engineered or deliberately released, Dr. Anthony Fauci said, “There’s always that concern.” 
NIH's Anthony Fauci says there have been "no glitches" so far in novel #coronavirus vaccine development with $MRNA. If that continues, he projects starting a phase 1 trial in people within 2.5 months. #2019nCoV
The NIH’s Dr. Anthony Fauci says clinical trials of drugs  Wuhan coronavirus are being conducted, but concrete answers are unlikely for another couple of months.  
2019 Novel #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Update. Anthony Fauci, dir of @NIAIDNews, discusses the latest w JAMA Editor Howard Bauchner. #CoronavirusOutbreak LIVE Q&A: use the hashtag #JAMALive #CoronavirusOutbreak  THURSDAY FEB 6th, 09:30 cst/10:30 am est
Exiting briefing on coronavirus, Pelosi praises Dr Fauci, says she doesn’t know much about Azar (who has been HHS Secretary for two years ). “All I know about Azar is that he used to work for a 
Coronavirus continues to accelerate at rapid pace: Dr. Anthony Fauci  …
"An HIV vaccine is essential to end the global pandemic... Research continues on other approaches to a safe and effective #HIV vaccine, which I still believe can be achieved." - Dr. Anthony Fauci  …
60. Dr. Anthony Fauci: “It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic."  …
I thought Dr. Fauci called the top today by saying that China is indeed understating and it will be a very big public health problem
“It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease. “But will it be catastrophic? I don’t know.”  … via ⁦ @nytimes⁩
You won't hear this kind of language often from someone like Anthony Fauci: "It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic...But will it be catastrophic? I don’t know.” #coronavirus  …
The highly transmissible coronavirus is spreading more like influenza than its slower-moving cousins SARS and MERS. “It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the @NIAIDNews.  …
Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says a ban on foreign nationals who have been in China "is a very dramatic thing to do," but "we think it's important, at least from a temporary standpoint to do that to keep Americans safe." 
NIAID Director, Anthony Fauci said: "One of the problems with when the virus is transmitted in an asymptomatic way, and has its implications, it puts a terrible burden on the screening process". #coronavirus  …
