Have Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx been notified?!  …
Cut funding to WHO. Put fauci in his place. Put Ben Carson in WHO so we have influence. Bannon has the best plan.
Just had food delivered. I gave the young black woman a big tip & she burst into tears & thanked me. THIS is what DC/MSM/FAUCI/BIRX/GATES/WHO/CDC have done. ENOUGH is enough.
The tide is turning. People are fed up. I had a Publix cashier rant about Fauci to me today. @realDonaldTrump could easily win in an overwhelming landslide if he moves quickly to right Fauci’s wrongs.
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead  …
By November?!?! This one's got to go @realdonaldtrump Dr Fauci says the US could return to a 'degree of normality' by Fall 
Dr Fauci says the US could return to a 'real degree of normality' by November even as US death toll rises to highest in the world 
It would not shock me if Donald inquired about firing Fauci and replacing him with Sean Hannity.
Dr. Fauci confirmed that the outbreak in New York was most likely from Europe.
Someone needs to inform Donald Trump that Dr. Fauci is one of the sources. #COVIDー19 #UnfitToBePresident
Dr. Fauci has perhaps the biggest vested interest in the highest death toll possible. “You see, I was right”
In 2017 Fauci said 'there will be a surprise outbreak' Fauci is partnered with Gates foundation Gates wants to vaccinate entire population Gates suggested lowering population through vaccines Gates is working on a global digital ID & a global vaccine ID Nothing to see here.. 
Gov.Witmer will not open MI till she has the OK from Fauci. Well gov. Your a one term or less. Your politics have over ruled what's best 4 Michiganders! You've failed from the start. This isn't about party it's about the people. Your killing economy. Put your hate of DJT aside.
I wouldn’t put Dr. Fauci in charge of anything. He sees through the tunnel of his expertise  sense. This clouds his contributions to the detriment of the country Can’t agree with you more. #Covid_19 #TWGRP  …
If I could ask Dr. Fauci something, it would be this: Exactly how many people must a virus kill to make it necessary to shut-down an entire economy, destroy millions of jobs and decimate the financial lives of millions and millions of Americans. What is the EXACT number?
Biggs has 0 medical background, a science denier, voted 3 times AGAINST protecting health & financial security of #USA, posts a fake poll for his sycophant behavior, is telling us he is smarter & knows better than Fauci the Dir. of the NIAID since '84. #HireJoan  …
On Jan 30, Mr. Azar got a call from Dr. Fauci & Dr. Redfield saying “they had changed their minds.The ⁦ @WHO⁩ had declared a global public health emergency & ...they had discovered the first confirmed case of person-to-person transmission in the  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci Jokingly Says He Wants Brad Pitt to Play Him on SNL: 'Of Course' 
There is only one person I trust right now in leadership and that’s @POTUS. We must open America again! More of this Less Of The Global Think Tank Dr. Fauci. Thank You! I’m voting for you no matter what, but we have to reopen in order to do so! 
I'm going to be hard on Jesse Watters if he does not hold Fauci accountable in his Fox interview tonight, which it does not seem like he will, so just a heads up. I know we are supposed to love our Fox personalities, but the total loss of Free Society right now is more important
The old guard like Fauci and Birx do not understand how information flows instantaneously among 100s of millions all over the world now. They have nowhere to bury their mistakes. Twenty years ago a lot of stuff was more easily covered up.
Ron Paul: Trump should fire Fauci, 'fraud' leading coronavirus response: "they made these dire predictions so that they could destroy peoples’ civil liberties... the people have to fire him. And they have to fire him by saying ‘he’s a fraud.’  …
Thank you John, Fauci is a fraud and his known history proves it.
Gates and Fauci, they are not invisible, they are clearly our enemies. They hate our Constitutional rights, to them we are nothing but cattle they can brand with chips and experiment with their disgusting shots. They are terrorizing people. cont...
Wrong! Trump knows exactly what's going on & he's not fooled be Fauci or anyone else. Trump took the action he needed to take to save lives & he will get things back up and operating as soon as possible. He'll win big in Nov. No one can rebuild this economy like Trump can!
Dr.Fauci is the author of the book every medical person Carries in his home/office I used to bring the pocket version With me during residency and I was told I was trying hard to look smart by a colleague #Fauciforpresident
Mr. President @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani @T_S_P_O_O_K_Y #FAUCI defends #TEDROS says he's an OUTSTANDING Individual !?!? GET RID OF FAUCHI - HE'S PART OF #DeathCult and a @BillGates minion. @WHO 2nd BIGGEST DONOR IS 
I think he is part of the swamp and yesterday when Acosta asked President Trump a question it was clear that Fauci had leaked the info to Acosta and Trump knew it.
If the media is turning on Fauci, it’s game over for him.
FIRE FAUCI! HE'S ANTI AMERICAN! Anthony Fauci sets stage for mandatory -- lucrative! -- vaccine  … via @washtimes
Birx is even worse. Fauci and her are both disgusting. People get used to money and prestige and can’t give it up. The argument they’re staying there to help any way they can is crap because they’re just validating trump’s bullshit and fox uses that for their propaganda
Gone on too long @tedcruz Congress needs to shut this farce down and lose Fauci. We are a free nation and y’all have managed to turn it into a police state. Enough.  …
Maybe the democrats are going to nominate Dr. Fauci
Trump thinks of you and I and all ofour family members as a herd of animals. Thank the Lord for Dr Fauci.  …
Ya think. Fauci is a moron. I had enough of Fauci a month ago. Either @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are part of the problem or you need to be the solution. Fauci needs to go. He praises Tedros of WHO. You need to pull funding immediately. Start doing what you were elected to do.  …
For God's sake stop blaming Grandma for your cowardice you little pantywaist rabbits. Grandma fought fascism grandma fought the Klan grandma fought Reagan and Fauci Grandma had a spine.
The wet markets in China should be abolished. Dr Fauci agrees. The potential catastrophic  from them outweighs any argument to keep them. This is not to say factory farming is wholesome. Two things can be true simultaneously.
Until we get the all-clear from Dr. Fauci and the @CDCgov , best to keep it at 2 spaces.
‘Expert’ Fauci all over the place again.  …
Is this Doctor #Fauci , agent of #BillGatesIsEvil, a 21 century Hitler? Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed'  …
Sorry @NikkiHaley Dr Fauci has been wrong repeatedly since this began. Either he A. is NOT an expert B. is working to destroy the economy Pick one. You can't be wrong repeatedly unless you're  dolt or trying to be wrong @POTUS @parscale  …
Someone needs to inform Donald Trump that Dr. Fauci is one of the sources. #COVIDー19 #UnfitToBePresident
Fukn Fauci, using science and facts, he's killing us!  …
Meanwhile we as citizens are being murdered daily by @realDonaldTrump and his vicious ass enablers! I have no sympathy for Fauci. Zero! Zilch! Nada!  …
I cannot fathom that ANYONE would criticize Dr. Fauci whose stay-at-home protocol is the only thing that is keeping people from dying. Our country is hopelessly divided with Trump at the helm. GOP lawmakers: Fauci may be doing more harm than good  …
"Papers, Please!" Fauci Agrees Gates' "COVID Immunity Card" Idea "Has Merit"  …
Republicans Andy Biggs and Ken Buck called out Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert, in a fiery new op-ed, saying Fauci and other public health experts "should no longer be the primary voices at the table" amid Trump response.  …
GOP lawmakers say Fauci may be doing more harm than good amid coronavirus response  
“For Fauci, is it merely a societal or economic inconvenience that about 17 million workers are unemployed because of the government’s response to the coronavirus pandemic?”~ Reps Andy Biggs (R-AZ) and Ken Buck (R-CO) Great question! We need answers!  …
Screw Dr. Fauci!! What's the point of microchips if you're going to use toxic vaccinations on people? I agree with Tom Fitton - OPEN UP THE COUNTRY-BAN THE QUARANTINE!  …
Thank you for voicing what many of us are thinking. @realDonaldTrump has done a great job but Fauci and Birx are giving horrible advice. As a small business owner, I’m horrified by the ongoing damage inflicted on our business and workers. #OPENAMERICANOW
Doctor Anthony Fauci calls for a worldwide shut down of wet markets following the #coronavirus #pandemic. Do you 
The USA is being dictated by a 3 ft Global Jack Wagon. Conservatives always listen & follow the rules, half the reason the GOP is weak, we allow it. This Fauci Social Experiment is to see who will listen, fall in line, will the people fall into Socialism as directed?! Wake Up! 
Tucker Carlson On Fauci's Quarantine Call: Pushing "National Suicide" While He Has Job Security (VIDEO) 
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead. I definitely think so! Who's with me?!  …
Is Dr. Anthony Fauci helping or hurting?  …
This vaccine candidate is not yet in Phase I trials. Ready for what, exactly, in September? Gilbert, virologist interviewed: "80% confident it will work" 12-18 months from a vaccine, Fauci said a month ago. Still true.  …
When dealing with politicians, Fauci told the New Yorker that he relies on the familiar pseudo-Latin expression Illegitimi non carborundum, or: "Don’t let the bastards grind you down."  …
Love it!!! Thank you Jesus that people are seeing the evilness that is Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx! All Deep State! Now hope to God President Trump is aware of all this! We need to open the country back up again. Game over. #OPENAMERICANOW #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TRUMP: Alright my experts. What should we do? SCOTT BAIO: Open the country back up. JAMES WOODS: Open. JON VOIGHT: Open. FABIO: Open. TED NUGENT: Open. DEAN CAIN: Open. KID ROCK: Open. DR. FAUCI: Stay closed. TRUMP: This is a tough call.
Trump, Clinton, Dr.Fauci, & The Pope are all on a Plane... Look what happens next 
Fauci: Kids could get ‘infected’ if Florida reopens schools  …
You mean massively cheat to your advantage. We've had enough of Democrats and their power hungry motives at the expense of this country. Just look what your buddies Fauci and Birx have done. We're not mailing in our votes. Forget it!  …
Are we shocked that the @GOP doesn't wan to hear from Dr. Fauci? They HATE science!  …
I don’t agree with their  but I do agree with their  from the left. If Trump hasn’t been so wildly  we’d have tests by now and wouldn’t all be on virtual house arrest and strangling our economy into dust.
"I don't think we should ever shake hands ever again, to be honest with you. Not only would it be good to prevent coronavirus disease; it probably would decrease instances of influenza dramatically in this country.” --Dr. Fauci, leaving no doubt of his role
None of us should let up on this little Freemason. He's a criminal. He knew all about the #plandemic. Martha MacCallum was not letting up on Fauci over failed virus models that closed our economy  … via @BIZPACReview
AG Barr & US Attorney Durham are CLOSE to issuing ARREST WARRANTS on many of @BarackObama co-conspirators. Wonder why #Fauci & #DeepState keep prolonging our stay at home orders? @realDonaldTrump was attacked with an attempted COUP by the Obama Team! Time 2 arrest them!
Ron Paul calls for President to fire “fraud” Dr. Fauci over the “big hoax”  …
GOP lawmakers say Fauci may be doing more harm than good amid coronavirus response  
Do you all think Trump will (1) prematurely try to lift the CDC social distancing guidelines after April 30 or (2) concede to expert advice from Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx and stay the course to flatten the curve?
Dr. Fauci is the man that has stood between Trump and all of us. He has saved more lives than we can imagine.
Gates and Fauci: Unelected destroyers of freedom | column by @ckchumley  … #COVID19
Dr Fauci says the US could return to a 'real degree of normality' by November even as US death toll rises to highest in the world 
Show me your papers. #COVESTAPO Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed' - POLITICO  …
... Does anyone ever notice the White House has put three crooked bureaucrats with VERY problematic medical careers in charge of a 'pandemic' that shut down the entire country? Birx, Fauci, CDC's Redfield? Seems like a better topic to discuss.  …
In one task force meeting, Trump suggested he and Fauci do a good-cop, bad-cop routine at that day's briefing. Inside the White House's (many) task forces, none of which have yet produced a cohesive plan to beat the pandemic. w/ @AshleyRParker  …
I don't understand the criticism of Trump. By Fauci's own modeling, Trump has already saved over 2 million American lives from certain death.
Fauci should resign!!! Fauci has a serious Conflict of interest!!! DATA POINTS, PSYOPS & THE SILENT WAR  … @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP
Isn’t it peculiar that Fauci keeps fear mongering as Barr and Durham are close to exposing the coup?  …
Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed' in This guy is dangerous! Sadly, a good portion of Americans are clueless. 
Dr. Fauci Says We’re Not Going Back To Normal Without A Vaccine Or Treatment. Speaking to reporters at a news briefing on Monday, April 6, 2020, a reported asked Fauci how we can get “back to normal.” Wait....Yeah right. Acting President. 
FIRE HIM, FIRE FAUCI NOW!!!!!!!!!!! @realDonaldTrump  …
NY Times keeps running these dumb stories - no mention of Dr. Fauci on 1/21/20 saying the virus was ‘nothing to worry about’ or CNN/MSNBC doing the same, NY Times saying visiting China was safe, N.Y. officials telling people on 3/2 to go to the movies and Chinatown. 
Dr. Fauci Says We’re Not Going Back To Normal Without A Vaccine Or Treatment  …
if Fauci isn’t the Sexiest Man Alive this year I’m flipping tables  …
With all due respect, I’m not hearing it! Fauci took the Hippocratic Oath not an oath to be some damn hypocrite! So what if ignorant ass @realDonaldTrump should fire his ass! Is this not the age of technology? Start a YouTube channel! Like I said I’m not here for  …
Now that #firefauci is a national phenomenon can we expect some bold conservative congressman to write a letter to Oversight Dems suggesting that perhaps Fauci should be invited to testify if he wants to? Fox News Alert  Might be too radical for them...
Dr. Fauci admitted he didn’t make the models and said he was sorry they’re WRONG! Only problem is..we trusted Dr.Fauci and he’s still saying the country should be SHUT DOWN? Dr.Fauci and Dr.Birx both Tanked our Economy!
We could listen to Dr. Tony or Dr. Tomi Dr. Tony Fauci, Dir. National Institute Infectious Diseases said we should continue to stay inside & “we don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline” I forget where did Dr. Tomi get her MD Degree? I'm gonna listen to the real Dr  …
"“Mr. President, many people would die,” Fauci said. The president said he understood but since then has repeatedly made clear he wants to reopen things soon..." It's like Trump lied when he said he understood.
No. Though Fauci has always contributed and supported his Dem pals and presidents. Anyone with a good thinking capacity can see the blatant flaws in Fauci's thinking.
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead  …
Never believe anyone in the GOP over Fauci.
I’m not here for Fauci’s tired ass passivity! I’m over it! I’ve said it before, that little ferret is full of shit! Why the hell won’t he man up and call @realDonaldTrump out for his uninformed lies?! We’re dying so please  at with some dickheaded excuse for him!  …
In Situation Room meeting in March, Trump asked why the US shouldn't have the disease "wash over" the country, creating "herd immunity." Dr. Fauci pushed back. Inside the various task forces that make up the admin response, w/ @AshleyRParker &  …
Medicine man & murderer- Fauci you are killing us '88 Dr. Judy Mikovits Fired & Jailed by Fauci & gang for proving the Link Between Retroviruses & Chronic Diseases Fauci & Birx knew the blood supply was tainted w/ HIV If people only knew the true crimes  
Note to Fauci: It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data – Sherlock Holmes
Fire the deep state, Dr. Fauci. He’s not to be trusted. Reopen AMERICA!!
The "data" clearly shows who the people are most susceptible of catching COVID19. Dr. Fauci says he only acts on factual data. So, what in the hell are you waiting for Dr. Fauci? You are destroying the lives of millions of people using inaccurate data!  …
I am signing this petition to sincerely request the Trump Administration immediately indict and fire Dr. Anthony Fauci. R/T @PainsAngels2 @love4thegameAK @SSG_PAIN @xSTYMIEx @alaraofsirius @Riley99795809 @TexasWhiteHats @PunishDem1776  …
#COVID19 predictions & models used to #shutdown the country... OVERESTIMATED hospitalizations by 200% to 1,000% OVERESTIMATED ventilator use by 4,000% (40x's) These were the lies used to #shutdown USA & they're STILL being used by Trump's #Fauci  …
If you have not watched @va_shiva videos I tweeted, here is what he says: Take vitamin D, Zinc, Vitamin A and vitamin C to boost your immune system! Older folks are getting covid because your natural immunity drops after age 60! Dr Fauci=fraud. Paid by the Clinton's Gates &WHO
Fauci and Birx are the literal personification of the problem of the 'tyranny of experts.' We are in unending lockdown and economic meltdown until two people -- who have no particular track record of success -- decide we can go about our lives again.  …
Let’s assume #Fauci and #Birx are working 14-hour days. So when @realDonaldTrump makes them stand behind him every day for 2 HOURS while he vomits BULLSHIT he’s WASTING 14% of their day during a deadly #pandemic. Think about that... #coronavirus #Covid_19 #Trump
I wouldn’t even send my dog to obedience school until Dr Fauci says it’s OK.
LEVIN on HANNITY: I Have Big Questions for Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx 
Dr. Fauci would like Brad Pitt to play him on 'SNL.'  
#FOX MISINFORMATION #Trump Thinks Laura Ingraham Is A More Credible Medical Expert Than Dr. Anthony Fauci Trump’s obsession with #hydroxychloroquine is largely driven by the right-wing voices he surrounds himself with.  …
LA doctor seeing success with hydroxychloroquine to treat COVID-19 despite the democrats', the lib media & Fauci's attempts to block the successful treatment.  …
Fauci should be required to take non-dodgeable questions from experts at the White House briefings. No one is gaining anything from the lame questions asked by the idiotic #FakeNews media and the BS say-anything Fauci.  …
Greeks live in something like the parallel universe Americans could inhabit if Trump would refrain  on subjects he knows nothing about and let Dr. Anthony Fauci deliver calm, fact-based updates on the fight against virus. 
would love to hear fauci et al’s assessment of this potentially promising development  …
Is #Fauci helping or hurting? For Fauci, is it merely societal/economic inconvenience that 17M are unemployed b/c of the gov't’s response to [ #COVID19], with many more  Economic calamity lies largely from Fauci. @RepAndyBiggsAZ 
Agreed. Last I checked Fauci isn't inconvenienced to be out of a job. Furthermore we need to reopen Arizona for business next month! If @dougducey persists in this shutdown going into the summer Im moving to Texas where @GregAbbott_TX will be reopening for business next month.
gates/fauci plan to put tracker in you with vaccine. Count me out of vaccine & id card
A crazy B List actor, at this point, plays a crazy B list doctor? Sounds about right. The lifts in his shoes must be giving him high altitude sickness. FTLOG these people. WOW! Dr. Fauci Tells CNN He Hopes Brad Pitt will Play him Some Day  …
Bless Dr. Fauci. I'm so glad he's around to speak from a place of science and factual evidence.
Dr. Fauci currently has the highest approval rating from Americans during the #coronavirus pandemic.   …
Fauci Jan 21: COVID isn’t a serious threat Fauci Feb 28: COVID as deadly as severe flu Fauci March 11: COVID 10x deadlier than flu Fauci March 15: People need to “hunker down” Fauci April 2: We need a national shutdown Too many blown calls:  …
WATCH: Dr. Fauci: "I would hope that by November, we would have things under such control that we could have a real degree of normality." 
Fauci on US after coronavirus: No shaking hands ‘ever again’ 
Quarantine is when everyone is sick. Tyranny is keeping people not sick home. Something with these people just doesn’t add up. Hopefully answers very soon! Fauci: Americans Could Carry COVID-19 Immunity Papers | The Daily Caller  …
The public gets zero out of @JimAcosta and the idiot news media asking stupid questions. Fauci should be forced to respond on camera to experts who aren't going to be baffled by his BS. Our society is being trashed. We have the right to challenge the anointed 'experts.'  …
No, actually not Shiva but #NIHwhistleblower Dr. Judy Mikovits is qualified to replace Fauci. Dr. Mikovits was persecuted under Fauci & says he’s been sitting on cures. She’s currently featured in @EpochTimes #WuhanVirus documentary too. She’s been exposing Fauci for years. 
While Drs. Fauci and Birx and Democrats from every level of the politisphere continue to tell us we need to remain in self-imposed lockdown—out of work and out of options—WHY is no one addressing these equally troubling issues that are deadlier than the virus?! 
What Fauci and his power hungry friends really mean is, “ #StopTheSpread of Freedom and Liberty”
Dear @realDonaldTrump, You should have Fauci and Birx address this epidemiologist's views point-by-point. Fauci/Birx should answer question from experts -- not idiot media.  via @YouTube
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
BREAKING: over 13,000 people have signed A petition calling on People Magazine to name Dr. Anthony Fauci as the Magazine’s "Sexiest Man Alive" of 2020.
Just 4 min video but powerful  … Come on and let's connect the dots! #LibertyFirst #Fauci #FauciTheFraud #coronavirus @realDonaldTrump
Someone went for a 2.5 hour ride this morning and has the sweat marks to prove it. When I went to un-tack him Red looked at me and said, “we just rode for miles and miles  within 20’ of anyone. Fauci, his inflated models, and his Deep State power grab need to go.” 
@Chicago1Ray HAS BEEN RT'D THOUSANDS OF TIMES ... THE IMMUNIZATION CARD IS A FREAKIN' NIGHTMARE OUR FOUNDERS & SHAPERS WARNED US ABOUT... #FAUCI IS AN ENEMY ! TIME TO RISE UP ! #FIREFAUCI @deanomight1 @realDonaldTrump  
Arm yourself with the facts RT @CNNSotu: LIVE: Dr. Anthony Fauci joins #CNNSOTU w/ @jaketapper this Sunday. Tune 
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci has maintained his position through six administrations by emphasizing facts and candor in his conversations with politicians, the New Yorker's Michael Specter reports.  …
He's a pro at keeping his friends close and his enemies closer. He will get Fauci to OK reopening the Country and then graciously accept his decision to retire. There might even be a Medal of Freedom for he and Brix.
Beyond stupid that we aren’t doing this. Maybe if we had people in charge who acted like we were at war, unlike Fauci and Birx and Redfield, we would  sense battlefield decisions.
Fauci's Game: Go on television and scare the hell out of people for weeks, screaming, "this is something new" (worse than flu, which kills more), rile up the news media, incite government to shut down the country, make people clamor for a vaccine, then sell one, sans liability.
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead. By Jim Hoft | @gatewaypundit Published April 11,  …
they did not get played it was a coup and its ongoing with this coronavirus overhyped created crisis Fauci and Birx are laughing at us with the globalist's Clintons and Gates
Oh Dr. Fauci but I do question your narrative.  …
It’s supposed to end May 1st, Gates, Fauci, Dems, all are pushing it to last longer. They want controversy, economic distress and mail in voting! 
WTF - CNN: Can you imagine a time when Americans carry certificates of immunity? DR. FAUCI: You know, um, that’s possible... This whole thing is starting to sound like a James Bond movie. Free America Now.
That’s domino effect, y’day it was fauci, today it’s Cuomo, popcorn n drumrolls, enjoy the show
Dr. Fauci has indicated that “immunity certificates” could be something to consider for all citizens of this country of over 340 million people to carry with them at all times. Then if that’s the case, there should be no problem issuing voter id’s for every voter in this country.
There seems to be some misunderstanding about the COVID-19 models. While Dr. Fauci’s statements about modeling are technically correct, I don’t think he is helping people understand what the models are doing. 1/
In that context, the most responsible thing for Fauci to do is almost certainly to praise Trump's conduct with the hope that he can try to limit how reckless he will be going forward.
It's not that Fauci would be worried about his job, the problem would be that if Fauci were dumped or pushed aside, he would be leaving the field to clowns like Jared Kushner and Larry Kudlow.
It will be said of WHO, CDC, NIH, Dr. Fauci & Dr. Birx, “When they found they had erred by promoting the faulty COVID-19 models and unsubstantiated claims, rather than acknowledge the truth and address their errors, they protected themselves by attacking those who did.”
Dr.Fauci sits on the Leadership council of Bill and Linda Gates Company .. That's is not okay & he definitely needs to be prosecuted.. 
Fauci Begs Pharma Companies to Speed Development of Anti-Narcissism Drug | The New Yorker  …
Fauci and Brix are in the back pockets of Big Pharma and the Deep State. Their mission is to down @realDonaldTrump and make Big Bucks in the  …
Not only does Trump know about Fauci, he knows about Birx too. Trolling the enemy.  …
WHO called it wrong, could have called it months earlier, would have known, should have known, and likely did know.. FAUCI is in bed with the WHO.. GATES.. CHINA.. NIH.. all got it wrong..! He downplays the cure while people are dying... Fire him..!  …
Fauci considering Certificate of Immunity cards  … this guy is working the last nerve I have left.
From RFK Jr.'s Instagram account: #vaccines #Fauci #Gates #coronavirus 
Dear Dr. Fauci: May the force by with you. We pray you stay the course and continue to speak the truth, no matter what! #trumpcovidfails #StayHome #WTP2020 
So, if the only people Fauci will let outside are those who have already been infected and recovered (and can prove it with a certificate), will people be trying to catch it so they can recover and rejoin society?
"...he (CDC whistleblower) was startled w/ findings over the years in respects to how flu vaccines amplify the side effects of viral infections rather than inoculate patients effectively." Fauci admitted this during a taskforce presser. My jaw hit the floor. 
We have been played. And the Dems with help from Fauci and Birx will try 6 more mths of lock down. California Got Played: IHME Hack Ali Mokdad Says California Is Over the Coronavirus Hump - They Shut Down the State of 39.5 Million for 584 Deaths!  …
Dear @realDonaldTrump #Fauci is a fraud Fauci is a disease profiteer Fauci is a deceiver Fauci is a minion in the plan to destroy America Fauci is a concubine in the Gates court #StopListeningToFauci #LibertyFirst #FauciFraud #FauciFriday #Faucist
Navarro, who had a fight with Fauci over the travel ban and was kept off the task force, was viewed as an anti-China obsessive who wouldn’t stay in his own lane. So his memo prompted rolled eyes. Having the stark estimates in writing didn’t please potus  …
When I saw Dr. Fauci mention immunity certs, I thought, “boy he must believe Denmark and that phlebotomist in Chicago on the massive #s already infected, because surely he doesn’t want us to get COVID-19 as a path to freedom?” #fauci #incentives  …
Dr. Fauci, this nationwide shutdown is not just “inconvenient” to Americans, it’s absolutely devastating. The physical and emotional toll from this self-imposed economic destruction will be worse than the doomsday prophets projected.  …
NYC's Health Dept, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the teachers' union, the principals union all agree with @NYCMayor's decision to keep schools closed for the rest of the school year. The science, the health experts and the educators here are all in the same place on this.
Infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci said in an interview this week that he doesn’t think people should ever shake hands again due to the coronavirus pandemic. “What if it’s our anniversary?” asked Mike Pence.
Dr. Fauci, January 21st on Covid-19. "but this is not a major threat to the people of the United States" 
Anyone else find it odd that Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 is the predominant flu strain floating around this year? History Lesson: A(H1N1)pdm09 is also known as “Pandemic Swine Flu”... you know... the Pandemic Flu that no one knew about in 2009 under Obama / Fauci / Tom Frieden (CDC) 
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead  …
Two easy-to-understand, free-to-read papers by Anthony Fauci from "The Journal of Infectious Diseases" explain his approach to disease control and put the current COVID-19 crisis in perspective. #Fauci 
Calling Dr Fauci. Three friends  for Easter dinner tomorrow. Arrest me. #SymptomFree
Dr. Anthony Fauci says "Brad Pitt, of course" should play him on "Saturday Night Live." 
Today is my birthday. With times so uncertain, I’m not gonna solicit a monetary donation for a cause. This year, all this 34-year-old,  old man asks is that you stay at least 6 ft away from all humans outside your home for as long as Dr. Fauci says. #COVID19
The Dark Truth About Fauci and Birx, Bill Gates And Globalist Elites via @nationalfile  … The @ClintonFdn illegally "worked" "fighting HIV/AIDS" starting 2005 with Diabolical non MD Tedros, @Yale, @gatesfoundation in Ethiopia, likely distributing bad drugs
WOW! Dr. Fauci Tells CNN He Hopes Brad Pitt will Play him Some Day  … BRAD PITT?...WHAT A JOKE...THE FACT THAT HE IS EVEN TALKING ABOUT THAT MAKES ME WANT TO KNOCK HIS LITTLE ASS OUT...FRAUD!
So this is where we are: a prominent pro-Trump blog (that was given White House press credentials and regularly cited by Hannity/Limbaugh) is floating arresting Fauci and Birx 
2/ We have been warned about damage the rushed Gates-Fauci Corona vaccine will do to the world -- straight from the public health  mouths - #SAYNOTOGATESVACCINE - WATCH AND SHARE  …
5 #communication lessons from Dr. Anthony Fauci: 1. He has credibility 2. He simplifies  3. He connects with a younger generation 4. He conveys a calming presence 5. He stays on message.  …
Dr. Fauci says the handshake should End. A few thoughts: Read my piece in @BlkPerspectives about the West African Origins of the Dap to gain a sense of its cultural importance. The handshake is not the problem. It is cleanliness. Read Olaudah Equiano.  
When  to medical opinions, Donald Trump appears to be listening to Laura Ingraham, a propaganda-pushing Fox News host, over Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s highest ranking infectious disease expert.  … via @politicususa
I DON'T TRUST Dr Fauci. I DON'T TRUST Dr. Fauci. I DON'T TRUST Dr. Fauci. I have NEVER TRUSTED Dr. Fauci.
Psychologists: So-Called ‘Dr. Fauci’ Just A Figment Of Nation’s Collective Imagination  
Should Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx be Criminally Charged? They Know the COVID-19 Victims are Elderly Seniors and Diabetics and Chose to Scare US Public Instead  …
Right now, the CDC projects the flu will kill more Americans this season than COVID-19. There is zero flu mitigation and draconian COVID-19 mitigation. Dr Fauci, explain.
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
President @realDonaldTrump joked with dr. Fauci saying he should run against @RepAOC that he thought he could beat her! I wonder if that's Trump subtle way of calling him a moron and putting him in the same class as AOC? Fauci is a deep State moron!
FYI: Dr. Fauci is the man behind the greatest economic disaster in US history. Dr. Fauci and his cohorts, including Dr. Deborah Birx, were able to convince the president of the United States to lock down the greatest economy in world history.
WOW! Dr. Fauci Tells CNN He Hopes Brad Pitt will Play him Some Day By Jim Hoft | @gatewaypundit Published April 11, 2020  …
Enough already! Every damn news outlet is fear mongering! I'm done! Fook covid-19! Fook every news network and every damn press conference, Fauci and Birx. Fook the vaccine.l I'm DONE! If the rest of you want to hang on every word that's uttered and said, be all about it! 
We don't know the true asymptomatic carrier rate but it's estimated (Fauci) to be 25-50% (a new @NIH study is going after that in 10,000 people)  … A single virus test or body temperature as a screen to return to work may not be reliable 4/x
Michigan DemoKKKrat Gov Gretchen Whitmer said (on local tv this morning) that she won’t be reopening Michigan until she gets the *green light from Dr Fauci.* We are being held hostage by a DICTATOR and a DOCTOR.
“You fucked up. You trusted us.” - Fauci & Birx That’ll be their  before they ride off into the sunset unscathed.
Deep State operatives are in the driver's seat!! FIRE FAUCI & BIRX!!! 
 w Fauci’s ‘immunity cards,’ $500 tickets to parishioners sitting alone in parked cars at churches, & drones surveilling citizens, indicate the system has jumped the shark, moving from protection advice to totalitarianism.  …
{2 of 3} Dr. Paul Offit-- the biggest vaccine promoter in America-- has been so vocal about his opposition to this dangerous vaccine that Fauci had no choice but to acknowledge the same at a national press conference last week. 
{1 of 3 parts} What do Bill Gates, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Paul Offit, and Dr. Peter Hotez have to say about the safety of the  coronavirus vaccines? The answer is shocking if you listen for it. Don't say they didn't warn you. They have seen this before. 
Our health experts believe this is the safest, best approach. I spoke to Dr. Anthony Fauci from the NIAID last night, and he agreed keeping schools closed was important to protecting New Yorkers.
What we don't need: NWO (Gates) vaccines NWO lying advocates like Dr.Fauci NWO/WHO overreach into your life MSM ignoring facts to promote their narrated lies Misuse of this blueprint- experience for future infringements of civil rights Dems politicizing of life threatening issues 
Hurting!! #Fauci has an agenda. Recognize the names listed on the Leadership board of the Gates Foundation? #AnthonyFauci Margaret Chan #WHO There are no coincidences. #COVIDー19  
CNN reports that NYC Mayor De Blasio decided to keep NYC schools closed until the end of the school year after speaking with Dr Fauci. At some point, things are going to reach a breaking point between Trump & Fauci.
Dr. Anthony Fauci on Friday said it’s possible that Americans could eventually carry around certificates of immunity to the coronavirus once proper testing is widespread enough. 
Earlier this week, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the United States’ leading expert on infectious diseases, said COVID-19 has and will continue to disproportionately affect African Americans.  
Good Morning @realDonaldTrump Please STOP allowing the shutdown that Bill Gates is spearheading via Dr. Fauci & Dr. Birx. I’ve supported you for 5 years. FYI Bill Gates brags abt how he convinced you not to investigate vaccine injury in 2017, pls revisit talks w  …
I hate tweeting anything from the Examiner but ⁦ @RepAndyBiggsAZ⁩ and Ken Buck make a solid argument against the continued counsel of Fauci and Birx. I hope the president listens:  …
So based on Dr. Fauci and the Democrats, I will need an ID card to go shopping but not to vote?
Is Anthony Fauci helping or hurting? @RepAndyBiggs and @RepKenBuck write this OpEd for the Washington Examiner. What do you think? 
I’m as sick of Anthony Fauci as I am of CV-19.
. @PhilipRucker: Dr. Fauci is... in the president's ear every day but as we've seen for the past three years the president takes advice from outside the government. 
At some point in this process, doesn't Dr. Fauci have to get at least ONE PREDICTION right?
What a Joke! WOW! Dr. Fauci Tells CNN He Hopes Brad Pitt will Play him Some Day  …
. @gregabbott_TX to safely lift lockdown, saving lives AND livelihoods! @POTUS will soon decide whether to #OpenAmerica against #Fauci's advice. He'll be excoriated by progressives & @DNC's MSM arm no matter WHAT & signs already some governors  …
My good friend Dr. @RonPaul calling a spade a spade! @WashTimes “He should be fired,” Mr. Paul said about Dr. Fauci. “But if you don’t do it in the literal sense, the people have to fire him. And they have to fire him by saying ‘he’s a fraud.’ “  …
On March 28, two days after the Murray model was published, Birx and Fauci presented the charts to the president. As he confirmed this week, the president was told to “shut it all down” referring to the economy. Now both are backing off their catastrophic projection of doom.  …
HOLY COW, DID FAUCI JUST GOT BUSTED LEAKING!! Looks like Fauci just got caught leaking info & Trump knows it!!! LOL The gig is up!!! #OMG #Fauci #FauciLeaker #TrumpTrap #Busted #LOL  …
One good thing about no Corona daily briefings this weekend, we won't have to hear Fraud Fauci and the scarf queen speak to something they have been wrong about since the beginning.
More overreach by Fauci. Someone should ask Fauci why his doomsday projections didn’t materialize in Florida:  …
Everyone is kissing Fauci's ass which is partially understandable since he is ass head to toe.
Done with Dr. Fauci. This is a Bill Gates talking point. My medical information is kept in my medical record. That is where it will stay. /1  …
“Fauci, Birx, and Adams have sent too many mixed messages. Their reliance on unsound models has led to the most destructive economic decline in U.S. history. Their intentions may be good, but their poor planning and execution have been dangerous.”  …
SURGEON GENERAL: "We’re going to be data-driven. I agree with Dr. Fauci. Now is the time to continue to lean into this because we know the more we participate in social distancing, the flatter the curve is." Sorry Doc, I  P.S., Your "data" is BS.
This week some physicians started blowing the whistle on what they view as the faulty coronavirus death count, though Fauci and Acosta dismiss them as ‘conspiracy theorists.’ New video on the experts we’re not supposed to listen to:  
WOW! Dr. Fauci Tells CNN He Hopes Brad Pitt will Play him Some Day  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci is ok with Americans having to carry “certificates of immunity” to prove they don’t have coronavirus. So lets see..that mean police and/or government officials can stop America citizens wherever we go and demand to see our papers? HOW ABOUT A "F*CK NO"..
Why has not a single reporter asked Dr. Fauci what his scientific proof is that #SocialDistancing works to slow COVID-19?
Anthony Fauci, MD, @NIAIDNews Director and Presidential Coronavirus Task Force Advisor, discusses recent developments in the global #COVID19 pandemic with JAMA Editor Howard Bauchner, 
I’m going to say it, @realDonaldTrump is at most weeks away from a binary choice. Fauci’s flawed advice or a second term.
I have lost so much respect for “conservatives” who back Gates, Fauci, and what they’ve done to our nation.
De Blasio said he spoke to Dr. Fauci last night who agreed with his decision to keep the schools closed. Here's who I'm thinking about today: NYC's 114K homeless students, 200K students with disabilities, and the 750K students who are   …
I don't know about anyone else.. But I'd like to be a fly on the wall (as the saying goes) ...in Dr. Fauci's office. I'd like to know a little more about his "behind the scenes" actions. Idk... something bothers me.
Beginning of April, Fauci called for a Nation Wide Shut down! Now PATRIOTS Are calling on @POTUS for an immediate shut down of Fauci! WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS?Coronavirus in US: Dr. Fauci says now is the time for nationwide shutdown -   …
Is Anthony Fauci helping or hurting? Great piece by ⁦ @RepAndyBiggsAZ⁩ & ⁦ @RepKenBuck⁩ ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ should heed this  …
This is the ever-changing model that initially relied on unsound data from China that Birx and Fauci presented to Trump a day after it was released without any corroboration, peer review, or skeptical analysis. It’s a joke of a project but has been used to terrify the country:  …
And tyranny keeps creeping in ! Dr. Anthony Fauci: Americans could eventually carry certificates of immunity to coronavirus .  …
Now Birx and Fauci are backpedaling on the model but the damage has been done. 17M+ unemployed, Americans under house arrest, the economy in chaos while political leaders channel their inner tyrant to harass churchgoers. Back to their desk jobs:  …
China made a virus or ate a bat. Either way no consequences WHO said it wasn’t that bad- no consequence Fauci and Birx used a bad model- no consequences I did nothing wrong and I can’t go out.
From initially downplaying COVID-19s seriousness to now offering daily warnings of death and doom, Birx, Fauci, and Adams have missed the mark too many times. Their muddled and mixed messages have sown confusion and chaos. Time to stop their show:  …
More new cases, hospitalizations, deaths in CT every day. The guidance from Birx and Fauci on Friday: this is no time to let up. Frontline workers face terrifying scenarios. And what is the contribution of CT Republican "leaders?" To start jamming Lamont up about reopening.  …
Omar & Dems needs to understand the American people are staying at home because PRESIDENT TRUMP asked them to.... not because of the Democrats or Fauci or ScarfLady said to. When POTUS says go back to work this country  back with a vengeance!!
Is Anthony Fauci helping or hurting?IT’S TIME FOR A CHANGE!Dr. Fauci & Birx have led us down this cautious path to keep the #of deaths down! Businesses can apply what they have leaned about distancing & masks AND STILL OPEN BACK UP!LET’S ROLL!  …
“Since his days of advising Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, Fauci has maintained a simple credo: 'You  apolitical and non-ideological, and you stick to what it is that you do. I’m a scientist and I’m a physician. And that’s it.'”  …
33 states have <100 cv deaths (with/from, CDC regs). Barely a blip over vast majority of US. A once $22 trillion economy now has 20m out of work. 1000’s of businesses that won’t reopen. And 9/10 worst hit states have Dem governors. Did Fauci model this eventuality? #FireFauci
Fauci Refuses to Say When It Would Be Safe to Reopen Trump’s Mouth: “The problem, Jake, is that, when his mouth is closed, we start making progress,” Fauci said. “Keeping his mouth closed is the one thing we know that works.” Lol  …
Just a reminder: how many still believe Muslims, with no flight experience, hijacked planes with box cutters and took down the twin towers with nothing else but burning jet fuel..?..what makes you believe vaccines are safe and effective..?..Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates..? 
SUNDAY: Dr. Anthony Fauci, @GovMurphy, @AsaHutchinson & @GovMLG join @jaketapper on #CNNSOTU. Tune in on @CNN, @CNNi, @SIRIUSXM Ch. 116 &  
Fauci here. I’m the master. The models are pretty cool. But actually they are pretty unreliable. I wanna take credit if they work. I won’t take credit if they don’t. I respect my colleagues but also - screw them. Birx is great. Yet, with all due respect, she sucks. Fauci out.
My kids will remember Dr Fauci. They will want to be Dr Fauci. They will be inspired by Dr Fauci.  …
EYE certainly appreciate all of Dr. Fauci's contributions, but I'm thinking it might be time for him to exit the stage...statum. (stat for the non-physicians and TV viewers)  …
Dr. Fauci Praises the “Courage and Dignity” of the Gay Community Next to Mike Pence. #Atheist #Religion  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci has a $100 million conflict of interest which is why he was opposing Trump. He is in league with Bill Gates who has pledged $100 million for Fauci to play with. 
Fauci wants immunity cards, Gates wants a chip ... what’s next, will we be forced to wear a yellow star on our clothes? #WakeUpAmerica 
Maybe ppl should do surveys asking "Do you think the HIV/AIDS epidemic was 'well handled"? How many of you know someone who died? How many of you know someone shunned? MY BROTHER DIED OF AIDS IN A PRISON HALFWAY HOUSE. This was led by Dr. Anthony Fauci! He is no one's friend.
Dr. Fauci: China delayed our understanding of COVID-19’s efficient transmissibility 
Anyone who has ever read "Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln" knows exactly why President Trump keeps Fauci and Birx around. If he were to surround himself with a bunch of ass kissers, he'd get destroyed worse than he already is.
Fauci/Clinton AIDS connection Looking very plausible that Fauci played a large role in the Clinton HIV scam, in which Australia, through Alexander Downer, gave nearly $2 billion to this scam.  
Notice President Trump calls Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx ... Tony and Deb? That must irk the hell out of them with all their M.D.'s and Ph.D.'s. He gets his digs in.
When your, “This is no big deal” narrative falls apart, the best option is to try and accuse Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci of having some sinister political agenda. My latest at  …
#COVID19UG Dr. Anthony Fauci says rapid diagnostics will be available in a week in USA. Probably a month in Africa. Our sister @lindahNabusayi please share with HE Y @KagutaMuseveni that we need to sell those 4wd pickups & buy the #COVID19 RDTs! They will likely be  …
How about NO?! Fauci Proposes Immunity Certificates To Those Who Have Gotten Over Coronavirus  
Did you know that Alexander Downer gave nearly $2 billion of Australian taxpayer dollars to the Fauci/Clinton HIV scam?  
‘He’s A Fraud’: Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Fauci -  …
Despite those cautions, Fauci predicted schools will largely be able to reopen in the fall. "Bottom line is, no absolute prediction, but I think we're going to be in good shape," he said.  …
Anthony Fauci was in Sydney in 2007 re: AIDS/HIV. Around this time Alexander Downer (who kick started Russia Investigation) worked with the Clinton Crime Foundation on their HIV scam. They are all connected. They've been shafting us for decades #Truth  …
The flu is estimated to kill 61,000 Americans this season. I see dead people, lots and lots of dead people. Give me one quote from Dr. Fauci expressing concern over this? Name one step taken by any Governor to prevent this other than perhaps a flu shot PSA?
With Dr. Fauci signaling with the hidden hand and devils horns on TV, nothing surprises me these days. 
Fauci Now Says Coronavirus Models Did NOT Drive National Health Policy. Within a 24 hr period Fauci makes a statement .. then: contradicts the initial assertion. attempts to cloud his own conflict with obtuse & wordy explanations. A political game?  …
So Fauci says we will need to carry papers in order to show we don't have the coronavirus when we go out, but, the dems don't want voter ID & are pushing for mail in voting. Dems are up to their evil tricks again! We cannot let the dems steal the election like they did in 2018
Fauci Refuses to Say When It Would Be Safe to Reopen Trump’s Mouth: “We don’t want to make the mistake of getting overconfident, reopening his mouth, and creating even worse problems than we have now,” Fauci said. -Parody from The Borowitz Report @NewYorker
Rush Limbaugh says medical experts like Dr. Fauci are "Clinton sympathizers" who want to "get rid" of Trump  …
Listen to this clip from Dr. Drew when he was recruited to the AIDS task force by Fauci. “We were off by a factor of 100 but we congratulated ourselves for scaring the hell out of a generation.” This is the same script.  …
‘How About No’: Rep. Justin Amash Rips Fauci’s Papers, Please Proposal.  …
And fauci along with the SS officer says: " Do you " haff" your papers? Dear God have  to this. Our founding fathers and soldiers did not bleed and die for this!  …
Dr. Fauci Needs to Amend His Recent Praise of WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus  …
Fauci proposes immunity certificates to those who have gotten over CV. This is the latest Big Brother surveillance state proposal. Officials are now kicking around the idea.This is just one of many creepy surveillance ideas that government officials have been considering. Pls.
5/n “Social distancing and teleworking, we know, are critical, and you’ve heard Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci talk about how they prevent the spread of coronavirus. Yet only one in five African Americans and one in six Hispanics has a job that lets them work from home.”
WATCH: Dr. Fauci explains why mass coronavirus antibody testing could be part of a path to reopening the U.S. “Antibody gives you an idea of the number of people that have been exposed and infected — and have actually recovered.” 
Dr. Fauci says 'a real degree of normality'  by November as New York COVID-19 ICU admissions dip for first time  …
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
'I think it might actually have some merit,' Fauci said.  …
Fuck off Fauci....will   …
Not all of the US states have caved to #coronavirus mass panic and #lockdown orders from newly self-appointed United Medical States of America Co Presidents #BillGates and #Fauci. Good to see some states are invoking their Constitutional Republic rights...  …
I've been on hydroxychloroquine for 14 years...no side effects. Dr Fauci is the worst... Bill Gates puppet. You are saving lives. Your courage is unprecedented. Thank you! 
Why would we rely on Dr. Fauci’s input when we have expert news anchors to give us this?
Dr. Fauci told @businessinsider that #COVID2019 is “shining a bright light on unacceptable health disparities for African Americans.”. We in the @OhioBMHC couldn’t agree more. 
Warning, Borowitz Report: Fauci Refuses to Say When It Would Be Safe to Reopen Trump’s Mouth “We don’t want to make the mistake of getting overconfident, reopening his mouth, and creating even worse problems than we have now,” Fauci said.  … via @NewYorker
We Can Track People For #ChineseWuhanVirus But We Can’t Have Voter ID? Yeah, This Makes Sense!! Fauci Proposes Immunity Certificates To Those Who Have Gotten Over Coronavirus  …
$500,000 on Faulty CoronaVirus tests? How many blue collar workers could have been hired instead of wasting it on UNNECESSARY TESTS! Congratulations America. You are losing your livelihood over a virus u can treat at home with Zinc! How many times has Fauci/Birx said “ Zinc ?! “  …
. #Yuge! Yes, #Fauci is buddies with #BillGates. #MrGates was also buddies with #JeffreyEpstein. Info:  
Not only based on this video, but a number of other broadcasts I believe @realDonaldTrump knows Fauci is a DS snake & keeps feeding him just enough airtime to trip him on his own lies. Art of war mastermind at work! 
Physicians, including Dr. Fauci, have emphasized that in order to know if hydroxychloroquine works, and is safe, it MUST be studied in clinical trials. THAT TAKES TIME, even when doctors are moving at lightning speed because of #COVID19  …
1-14 the WHO: No evidence of human to human transmission. 1-21 Fauci guy told Americans they wouldn't need to worry about this virus.He also said there would be 240,000 deaths. The problem ain't with Trump folks.
Follow Fauci through the last 30 years and you'll have your answer. Birx as well. His ties to certain people can no longer be ignored. @realDonaldTrump MUST take action  …
Dr. Fauci announces a new mask that will save thousands of lives @SpeakerPelosi 
Ron Paul: Trump Should Fire Fauci, He Wants "To Have Total Control Over The People"  …
Fauci expects "real degree of normality" by November election  
Virtue signaling stinks here. Lockdown for months (years, Fauci hinted) destroys the economy including hospitals & makes 2nd wave of COVID worse. For states with R0 low enough, serology testing now under way should confirm immunity to end quarantine, w/ masks, care of vulnerable.
It's good to see someone from the right debunk this sickness when he could be getting 15,000 retweets for saying Soros and Bill Gates made Dr. Fauci out of aborted babies in order to put vaccines in your butt.  …
Dr. Fauci is a deep state, Hillary supporting, Bill Gates puppet. He needs to be fired!
‘You Will Win Easily’: Trump Jokes About Asking Fauci To Run Against Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.  …
Don't know about you, but I voted for @realDonaldTrump NOT Fauci, nor the Surgeon General, nor Nikki Haley! And 100% not for ANY Democrat! @POTUS will listen to ALL and then will make HIS decision. It's why we elected him! I trust him 100% to make the right call! Do you 
I’m scared of anyone who can make Dr Fauci touch his own face.
BS ,Fauci’s intentions are to keep this country closed indefinitely , he proposes us carrying papers , and he continues to say the US will never be the same . He is evil. People see this now , so I call BS on this
Weird since what Trump does is what Fauci pretty much  So, makes zero sense
Fox News Poll: Far More Americans Approve Of Fauci’s Handling Of Coronavirus Than Trump’s.  …
WATCH THIS: BUSTED BIG TIME @realDonaldTrump utter the words sir - YOU’RE FIRED Body language Ghost caught Fauci & Birx being BUSTED by our President. The truth is THE TRUTH GOTCHA RED-HANDED 
Anthony Fauci has published extensively in his areas of expertise--including pandemic preparedness. Here are two surprisingly easy to read articles from "The Journal of Infectious Diseases." #COVID19 #Fauci 
Fauci says Americans could carry Covid 19 immunity papers. Freed slaves used to have to carry Freedom Papers.
Time to Sideline the False Prophets of Doom Fauci, Birx, and Adams have sent too many mixed messages from the start. While at first diminishing the threat of COVID-19, they now are sowing fear and panic across the country  …
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
Fauci admits previous projection of 100K-240K coronavirus deaths was likely an overestimate 
Hey Fauci & Gates, things not going according to plan? Is your one eye club pissed? Black  Washington’s field hospital dismantled before treating a patient. Trump travel ban & other moves flatten curve. CDC projections WAY off.  …
Big Pharma, Bill Gates, George Soros, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Deborah Birx and Lucifer himself are Denying YOU LIFE SAVING CURES!  … 
Fauci is talking about antibody testing being one of the metrics for life to resume to normal. My question is how is that test going to be more available than COVID tests? If they won’t provide mass testing of one kind, why would they provide mass testing of the other kind?
Dr. Fauci Now Says Coronavirus Models Did Not Drive National Health Policy…  
Dr. Fauci: "The worst possible things you can do is to vaccinate somebody to prevent infection & actually to make them worse."  … Vaccine virus enhancement is a stumbling block for #coronavirus vaccine according to animal 
26/ and as usual: I'D LIKE TO GO ON RECORD STATING IM NOT SUICIDAL, HAVE NEVER BEEN & NEVER WOULD COMMIT SUICIDE. ALSO IVE BACKTESTED IT & IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME TO OVERDOSE ON ANYTHING. I ALSO THINK THE CLINTONS, BILL GATES AND DR FAUCI ARE JUST MISUNDERSTOOD 
21/ That my friends seems like a PRETY BIG conflict of interest, so why is everyone rooting for Gates and shitting on Trump.... heres some more Fauci/ Gates collusion on the vaccine:  … Fauci and Gates are working together from the inside out on this one 
17/ Gates is in the process of FEAR MONGERING & scaring the public that we WILL NOT go back to normal until everyone has a vaccine (remember Fauci just said America will never be back to normal w/o a vaccine the other day & Trump shit on him) almost like they share a script! 
‘Hillary Clinton Sympathizers’ Limbaugh Explodes On Fauci, whom at the end of the Coronavirus Press Briefings gave Karl a Karl brought in a reporter to that press briefing. #FauciHasHillarysBack #FauciTheFraud #FauciTheEnemyWithin  …
Not surprised...Birx and Fauci both in bed with Bill Gates and the WHO!
I dont recall Dr. Fauci ever mentioning that he got his start at New York Hospital, across the street from where his Dad was working at Sloan-Kettering, with the 1970s seeing an outbreak of HIV in New York City centered around this district. 
All you have to do is threaten to lock up that little wimp Fauci and he will sing like a canary. Offer him immunity for names and then start the mass arrests of MSM and Dems behind this operation.  …
Please share. Dr.Shiva is brilliant exsposes bill gates and dr.fauci 
Fauci: Americans Could Carry COVID-19 Immunity Papers.  …
THIS LITTLE PRICK FAUCI GOT TO GO BYE BYE EVIL BASTARD!!!! 
Dr Fauci TODAY: “The Models have offen been more wrong [in the past] then correct...” Really?? So in last 2 MONTHS how many times did we hear him say the models COULD BE wrong or overinflated! ZERO! He knew all along the numbers were bogus yet pushed them on all of us?!  …
Trump: I still don't know if "corona virus" is bacteria or a virus. Fauci: It's right there in the name. Trump: Huh? Fauci: Repeat after me. Fauci: "Corona" Trump: Corona Fauci: "Virus" Trump: Virus Fauci: Get it now? It's in the name. Trump: Yep. Corona virus is a beer.
Bill Maher is spot on & this has NOTHING to do with racism! China’s wet markets are the cause of the current pandemic & even Dr. Fauci said they should be shut down. They cram wild animals in cages, including bats that carry the coronavirus-which is how the virus spread!
Yet Fauci’s ‘sage’ guidance as expressed via models was what was used to shut down a country, and cost millions their jobs
KEEP YOUR EYE ON FAUCI GATES ROCKEFELLERS SOROS  … 
Infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci says a Covid-19 antibody test  'in a week or so." CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta explains what the science behind that testing means.  
Is Anthony Fauci helping or hurting? 
Why don't we just save Fauci the hassle, clear his immunity standard, and get a 666 tattooed on our forehead or wrist? @realDonaldTrump fire this QUACK! Or at least don't listen to  …
No matter your politics, race, gender, sexuality, etc, you should recognize that Tony Fauci is a hero. Minorities will be more affected by these things without systemic change & the Mike Pences of the world are the reason why. We are all in this together  …
So the left thinks it is against constitutional rights to require voter Id, yet it’s ok to require an Id for immunity? #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #KAG2020 Fauci Proposes Immunity Certificates To Those Who Have Gotten Over Coronavirus  …
Yeah, Trump’s Corona briefings are okay, I guess. But if he wants to be #1 in his timeslot he needs to spice it up. Ditch that Fauci guy and get a dwarf in a lab coat in there instead. Or how about the CIA discovers Corona is developing WMDs? idk, just spitballing for season 2
The 40% that love Trump simultaneously believe that the virus is China’s fault and Dr. Fauci’s fault. And that every American has a test, a mask, and a ventilator in the mail. And that in three weeks this thing blows away and also kills only weak people.
Fauci expects "real degree of normality" by November election  
Many doctors will have many different ideas regarding Covid-19 and when we should go back to work. Fauci's wife donated $1,200 to Hillary's campaign. I would question his decision. Is he like Democrats who want to try to destroy America to try to destroy President Trump?
I miss the original Dr. Fauci.
Dr. Fauci: Antibody Tests Could Be Available Within 'A Week Or So'  … via @SaraCarterDC
BREAKING: Shocking Image Surfaces of Dr. Fauci with George Soros, Bill Gates Sr., David Rockefeller & More  …
I find it interesting that only Democrats support: -Dr Fauci -Dr Birx -Mail-in Ballots Connect the Dots yet? #FireFauci (or Gitmo him) and take Dr Scarf with him!!
Fauci’s voice . . . seriously. I just can’t take it anymore 
Man levitates for 30 min in frustration with Fauci and Burke  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci jokes Brad Pitt should play him on #SNL when it returns this weekend with a remote episode  
. @BWilliams of @MSNBC (where members of the Dem propaganda arm go to bury the ashes of their careers), had an amazing ? for Dr Fauci: Will Americans be “able to vote by mail?” Fauci to Williams: “That’s not my area of expertise” (becuz Duh) #MSNBS #PurveyorsOfPropaganda
Fauci is threatening "immunity cards." I've had mine for years. Anyone else? 
Anthony Fauci is the Jesse Smollett of Jim Acostas. Did I do that right?
"At today's Coronavirus Task Force Meeting, Dr. Fauci and Debbie put on a Puppet Show to teach me how Germs work! I could tell the Coronavirus Hand-Puppet was (Very) Smart and Brilliant because it was wearing GLASSES! Dr. Fauci also taught me that picking my Nose is (Very) BAD."
Dr. Anthony Fauci signaled optimism that new data was making the most dire coronavirus death prediction models obsolete. 
Earth to naive: EVERYTHING in Washington (sadly) is about politics, even how to fight this scourge. So yes, Fauci's & Birx's politics do matter. If you think the fact they & their spouses supported Hillary against Trump doesn't factor into COVID-19 response, ur fooling yourself
Director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases Dr. Anthony S. Fauci & Administrator for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Seema Verma participate in a coronavirus update briefing Tuesday, April 7, 2020, in the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room. 
Admin officials say Birx is more focused on models than Fauci.  …
Fauci has consistently said “Models are only as good as the assumptions that you put into the model.”  …
Fauci, Trudeau & Gates are all pushing for mandatory vaccines... Thoughts? 
BG, Fauci and #WHO knew the  and Ob knew it in 2014. Many years planning for this if CO2-AGW #ClimateHyelstera  …
Dr Fauci and Scarf Lady are losing credibility by the day! Their Death projections have been cut in half from just 10 ago!! Stick with what you do know and be honest about it. Stop playing guessing games with you don’t know !! #Covid_19 #KAG  …
#TrumpCovidFails 1) Calling it another democrat hoax, while ignoring scientists & even his "social scientist" adviser Peter Navarro's memo 2) Bragging early we lead testing & "everyone can have a test" when we had "a total failure in testing" says Dr Fauci, all while golfing 
Fauci expects "real degree of normality" by November election  
I have refused to weigh in on any member of Trump's Response Team to give them the benefit of the doubt. No more. Dr. Fauci and Birx are the  imaginable, and they have to go. Their back and forth, statement then clarification BS creates unnecessary panic.
Anthony Fauci has developed a method for dealing  political leaders in times of crisis: “I go to my favorite book of philosophy, ‘The Godfather,’ and say, ‘It’s nothing personal, it’s strictly business.’ ” 
Free America! People are being abused by Democrat governors, mayors and police while Fauci Birx stab POTUS and America in the back, and Democrats hold stimulus money hostage! Enough is enough! And Gates in on ALL the vaccine manufacturing! Stop the madness now! We're serious!
It will be very strange for Birx and Fauci when one day in the future, they are regularly recognized at restaurants and on the street. They have  nationally famous overnight and probably haven't experienced what that means yet in their day-to-day lives.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said the previously announced best-case scenario of 100,000 to 240,000 COVID-19 deaths was probably an overestimate, The Hill reported. 
Ron Paul says Fauci needs to be fired by US THE PEOPLE and the CDC is owned by Bill Gates.  …
I am glad Dr Fauci said what he said about Arkansas and think we’ve had as much of a stay-home order as some states that say they have one. And if we’ll stay the course, we’ll probably be all right. But do better. Masks—wear one at the damned grocery store, please. And back off.
What ⁦ @GovRonDeSantis⁩ needs to read. Fauci: Kids could get ‘infected’ if Florida reopens schools  …
Dr. Fauci says "immunity cards" in America is "possible" Really?   …
Fauci is one of two families that created the horrific genocide program called Western Medicine. The whole DS paradigm is reliant on disease, death, sickness and ignorance. Fauci owns patents to cures. They won't release because of money.  …
8/ Fauci announced widespread antibody tests soon, lots of interest. They'll be helpful, tho won’t replace viral PCR tests; they tell 2 different things (are u infected vs were u infected). Raises lots of questions – biggie is whether antibody = immunity (&, if so, for how long)
President Trump: “I told Tony Fauci, why don’t you move to New York, run against AOC, you will win easily.“
Hey guys, I know u know this, but I still want to say this... If trump says open up the country early, straight up f**k that shit!! That mother-fer doesn't care!! Dr. Fauci is hoping for a "degree of normality" by November!!! Please listen to the doctors, thanks...
Ron Paul Blasts ‘Fraud’ Dr. Fauci, Says Trump ‘Or the People’ Should Fire Him  
I can’t wait for Dr. Fauci’s season of ‘Dancing with the Stars.’
How do you feel about this response of Dr. Fauci‘s? Was it convincing? Insightful? He actually seemed defensive to me.  …
The entire country shut down was entrusted to a globalist Dr. Fauci who not only exaggerated on his projections but refuses to acknowledge that t hydroxychloroquine seems to be working quite well in saving human lives. My question, "Did we really have to shut down the country?
@POTUS I know many conservatives here on Twitter have criticized me for my views of both Dr. Fauci and his partner in crime, Dr. Brix, I still unapologetically don't trust either one of them and wish @realDonaldTrump could see how much bad advice they have fed to Americans.
THROW FAUCI BACK INTO THE SWAMP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump "COVID-19  …
Why are so many blue checks so terrified of Fauci and Gates, prefacing their tepid critiques with how much respect they have for the two power and control obsessed fear mongers?
The little rat fuck Fauci got caught out leaking to the presstitutes...I hope Trump dumps that little shit and stops listening to him  …
Fauci says Trump administration may have Americans carry documents to prove they are immune or not infected with the coronavirus  
Fauci says American citizens may have to start carrying immunity cards. WTP had better wakeup and take meaningful steps to stop this draconian authoritarianism ASAP!  …
ICYMI - WATCH: After Firey Dustup With Trump, ABC Reporter Jon Karl “Salutes” Fauci — Fauci then Gives Him “Good Job” Signal 
On 2/27/19, the U.S. House  on O & I held a public hearing. Parents & the nation watched & heard Anthony Fauci, MD, either tell a bald faced lie or show his ignorance when he testified, under oath, that MMR vaccine does not cause encephalitis.  …
More dangerous and fearful than the #CCPVirus Is Not Just The Dem Nor MSM Virus But GOVERNMENT VIRUS! American citizens must fire Fauci and all  public servants! Fauci: 'Obviously' I Would Like to Test Whole Country for Coronavirus Antibody  …
VIDEO: Martha MacCallum challenges Dr. Fauci on national lockdown after coronavirus models revise deaths downward 
The worst is behind us! % It is TIME to put the Deep State puppets like Fauci and Brix on the BACK BURNER and open our country back up! @realDonaldTrump @TimMurtaugh @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @kayleighmcenany @PressSec @parscale 
Fauci wants to keep America shut down long enough to interfere with the election this fall and damage Trump as much as possible. Then and only then will he announce that we've "flattened the curve" and at that point Bill Gates will have a "miracle" vaccine ready to go. No thanks.
Watch: Dr. Fauci speaks out on criticism of coronavirus modelling, telling Fox’s @marthamaccallum: “I have always been and still am and will always be somewhat reserved and skeptical of models because models are only as good as the assumptions that you put into the 
A monumental error. Medical experts—like Fauci and Birx—would not make this mistake. The President needs to step away from the podium. He’s spreading scientifically bogus information. CNN is right not to cover this live. He thinks covid-19 is multi-drug resistant bacteria?  …
JUST IN: Fauci expects "real degree of normality" by November election  
Exactly @realDonaldTrump needs to stand up tomorrow and firmly slam the door on Fauci’s dystopian and preposterous proposals.  …
I don’t think so. I very much admire Drs. Fauci and Birx. But I think they were happy to have the model numbers scare the hell out of the public because mitigation was the only tool they had to fight this they were concerned people wouldn’t do it.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci saying Brad Pitt should play him on SNL is a moment of levity we all could use right now. 
Feds say not a coronavirus at all - therefore, protocols to treat it - like ventilators - have been killing patients, not healing them. Now it's a 'germ?' YOU'RE taking word of crooked Fauci, Birx, and Redfield. No wonder. GET A NEW TEAM MEDICAL EXPERTS.   …
Fauci literally said nearly the *EXACT SAME THING* at the 3/29 press conference that he said today on Fox which @brithume is claiming you would not have heard at the 3/29 press conference. 
Fauci in public interviews has been pretty consistent on his view of modeling and reliability  …
Here's the transcript from the 3/29 briefing. Fauci said the same thing then: The numbers were "possible," he said; predictions only as good as the inputs to the model; and that was hard to be sure of and always in need of updating.  
Lil’ Emperor God King Fauci feels he can circumvent the Constitution and order you to carry “I’m not sick” papers. Orwell and Rand couldn’t have scripted this better.
‘How About No’: Rep. Justin Amash Rips Fauci’s Papers, Please Proposal  …
Fauci literally said at 3/29 presser: “At the risk of offending my modeling colleagues: Models are good, but models often generate the kind of anxious question that you asked ... And as I’ve said many, many times, a model is as good as the assumptions that you put into the model”  …
Should the coronavirus pandemic mark the end of the American handshake? Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading expert on infectious diseases, thinks so. 
Out of the woodworks came the most Hitlerian billionaire of them all, Bill Gates. No degrees, just a made man (parents=IBM/Planned Parenthood) telling us we have to stay home until we take his soon to be mandatory patented vaccine. His goes to Fauci and Bix 
I no longer trust Fauci.
3 things For some reason....I'm a little disturbed by : 1.Dr. Fauci. 2.Democrats 3.CNN
Dr. Fauci is Reserved and Skeptical of Models, they’re only as good as the assumption you put into the models? I thought we Shut our Country Down Based on Models?  …
Fauci and his models decimate the economy... 
Holy Shit is right. Fauci and/or Brix are busted. ON LIVE TV! @realDonaldTrump: Sir - please clean house now. Staff, Super PAC’s, “experts” hold-overs ALL known Dirty Democrats. A rat will always be a  …
Fauci said he doesn’t trust models, instead he looked at Italy and Europe to make determination. Then when asked about Japan’s success he says he doesn’t like to make determinations on other countries data because they’re different. I don’t trust this guy.
Going to tell my kids this was Dr Fauci 
BaaaaBOOOOM! Watch Fauci in the corner  …
Another attack on Fauci calling for him to be benched 
Dr Fauci most powerful unelected man in the country
"I think Trump should bench Fauci for what he said about the immunity card" - @nedryun on Tucker Nice point!
Dr. Fauci on Fox News tonight, on modeling: “I have always been and still am and will always be somewhat reserved and skeptical of models because models are only as good as the assumptions that you put into the models.” 1/2
Man, fuckin' Congressional Medal of Honor to Fauci for not standing up at this point and saying, "Nope. Fuck this. You're all your own" before walking out.  …
Dr. Fauci: "When we decide at a proper time when we're going to be relaxing some of the restrictions, there's no doubt you're going to see cases." 
Good job Tucker Carlson for going hard at Fauci. No Digital Certificates for Americans! No Internal Passports! If we do that, Fauci's digital certificate should say "Bill Gates Stooge Who Predicted The Crisis Wrong"
Dr. Anthony Fauci Jokes He'd Like Brad Pitt to Play Him on 'SNL' 
Grateful to Dr. Anthony Fauci for sharing his time & expertise with us by phone this evening, and especially for affirming that ND is doing exactly what needs to be done to #SlowtheSpread of #COVID19. Appreciate his perspective on our 2.9% positive test rate, 2nd lowest in U.S.
Fauci is pushing "immunity cards" How much more of this crap do we have to take before people wake the hell up?
Watch Dr Fauci take zero responsibility while throwing Dr Birx under the bus. 
Do you think Brad Pitt should play Dr. Fauci on 'SNL'? Because the doc totally does  …
#Tucker Just said this: #IllegalAluens can walk our streets FREE without “papers”; but Dr Fauci sees a time when we have to have a card that says we are Coronavirus free? Heil Fauci! NOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Great admiration for Dr Fauci, who’s been a hero. Lay people questioning models are doing what he does, far better, every minute. Policy issue is political tho, not medical (albeit informed by experts). That’s why reliance on dubious models is critical. 
Each time Fauci opens his mouth a new  out, and we lose more of our freedom. I ran out of patience with this swamp rat two days ago. When the man leading the charge tells you "your country may never be the same" you remove that leader and run far, far away.
We sensed this  & today, after the WH briefing, Fauci said Covid-19 ‘immunity cards’ may be required. We know this violates our civil liberties & the resistance that would occur, but, what is their rationale to the public w/this virus? Why now?  …
"Rep. Thomas Massie talks about the beef industry and what's  unless policy changes soon. Massie also talks about the changes to the models used by Dr. Fauci." Thanks for having me on this morning,  …
Paging Anthony Fauci: You’re needed in San Antonio, TX to direct the traffic lines of those waiting at the food bank.  …
TOMORROW: Dr. Fauci is in Watters' World. He will be clearing confusion on Coronavirus treatments and explaining where America stands in the fight to flatten the curve. Don't miss this must-see interview, tomorrow 8PM ET on 
Dr. Fauci is NOW saying NOTHING was based off of the models he put forth That’s a damn lie! The @POTUS @realDonaldTrump literally SHUT DOWN THE COUNTRY because of his models! Get another Doctor/Scientist onboard that’s NOT deep state! @MarkMeadows 
Tomorrow, if @jessebwatters goes soft on Fauci (which he probably will) instead of grilling him on Gates, me and a lot of people are going to be hard on Jesse, so I'm just letting you know ahead of time, because some well-meaning folks idolize Fox people  …
Ditch FECKLESS Fauci Unemployment claims-16 million over the last 3 weeks economists predict US will soon surpass Great Depression levels if the country stays closed. @DLongsamson I FOLLOW BACK  …
Now you see why Trump uses (Them) as pawns 1. If Trump had a team of pro-Trump supports, media and public wouldn’t believe the plan 2. Now people see and start asking questions about all of what (they) have done 3. Yes Fauci / Birx knows they are being used Hostages  …
Dr Fauci just admitted on Marth MCCallum.. Fox News... that he’s not responsible for the model being incorrect! Fauci is putting the blame onto whoever made the Models. Meanwhile Our Economy Has Tanked!  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci forgets himself. He informs public policy. He doesn’t determine all or public policy. Likewise, the government acknowledge our natural rights. The government doesn’t have the authority to determine when, how, and if Christians worship.
Breaking: Dr. Fauci admits models are wrong most of the time and he doesn’t believe in models. Asked: Then how do you make economic policy decisions. Answer:”I just looked at China”. What?? China lies! Fauci destroyed the US economy based on China?? Time for a new advisor.
Hey @JesseBWatters if you're having Fauci on tomorrow you have a responsibility to ask him real questions about Gates and Hydroxychloroquine vs. vaccines. Will be watching Time for Fox to exist in same universe as Independent Media outside of just 8-9 pm  …
I think that I may finally be able to explain why otherwise intelligent people whom I respect, cannot see through the Fauci Fog. You might have to be a New Yorker to spot a BS artist from New York. Or, at least it gives you a head start.
Dr. Fauci Calls For End To Handshakes  
. @marthamaccallum: Why didn't you ask  #Fauci's hair looks so neat and trim? Barber shops and salons are closed like 90% of the #economy but somehow #AnthonyFauci hair is cut and styled. Why r we suffering w #COVIDー19 #ShelterInPlace while #Elite thrives? 
Just so you're clear @marthamaccallum on what Fauci says, it's okay  China to the U.S., but not Japan. Got it? This is the retardation of sound statistics. I mean that in the truest sense of the word. I'm stunned at the ease in which this guy can try to BS people.
People say, "Trump should just fire Fauci!" Anyone ever watch the Godfather? As Michael Corleone said, "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."
What are @realDonaldTrump’s MAGA rallies masquerading as press conferences doing to help halt the spread of COVID-19? Any useful information provided by Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx is negated by Trump’s idiocy. What’s the point of networks airing this crap?
Then... Dr. Fauci, less than a minute after warning @marthamaccallum not  "countries w/ different sizes and populations," says she should look at "what happened in China" not Japan. Oh, dear God. It's funny. But it's not. It would be a joke if it didn't hurt so many.
Freaking Fauci pushing to have EVERYONE tested. No thanks. I'm not sick and I sure as hell dont want your vaccines. Only 85 deaths out of a 126+ million population in Japan.
Thank you Dr. Fauci for recognizing our efforts to fight COVID-19 in Arkansas. Let’s  to win this fight. 
Shep McCallum is interrogating Fauci on the proper formation that people should run in when out jogging. FFS.
If Donald Trump “reopens” the country (like it’s one of his casinos) before June, I’m not going out there. I’m waiting until a consensus of experts say it’s safe (not just Birx and Fauci). I’m protecting me and all the people around me. That’s called patriotism. Who’s with me?
Dr Fauci talking about "models" on Fox News. Fire the rat already. This colossal mess is on him. The constitution is being shredded because of him. Nearly 20,000,000 are unemployed because of him.
Fauci is tap dancing on Martha’s show now.
Fauci looked like he got caught red handed today. Funny!
Dr. Fauci says coronavirus antibody tests just "days away," large number will be available within a week  …
People elected @realDonaldTrump President, not a Hillary-backing, self-contradicting, Gates-friendly Fauci.  …
First the enemy was the media. Then the Dems. Then China. Then the  party. Then Fauci. Then the media again. Then Fauci for putting a hex on Trump. Then the media. Again. Now, the enemy is literally probability and statistics.  …
Great profile about Fauci: a boy from Bensonhurst, a Yankees fan, a scientist who learned to do research with Act-Up activists to fight Aids, an astonishing diplomat, and perhaps the only man we can trust at the White House.  …
Fauci is the guy who studied his ass off, did well in school, had few friends and no social life. Now he’s the belle of the ball. Big man on campus. He’s enjoying this. Every fkng minute of it. He’s famous. Going on late night TV. The talk of the town. And a Deep Stater.
#FireFauci Taiwan tried to warn of human to human #CCPVirus back in Dec.,Fauci should have known. #WHOLiedPeopleDied spends $200 Million on exotic travel, more than it spends AIDS, TB & malaria  …
President Trump jokingly says he told Dr. Fauci he should move to New York & run against AOC 
What will Drs. Fauci, Birx and other top govt.  public health leaders do and say if Trump pushes to reopen the economy before they determine it is medically safe? #CoronavirusOutbreak
Dr. Anthony Fauci said he thinks we’ve got to stop shaking hands — for good 
Trump is at hishighest approval rating since of his presidency even amongst Democrats. People are disregarding fake news. Now Pence is letting Fauci and Birx back on CNN? What gives @VP? Interesting. A test? Whiners. #QAnon  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci thinks highly of himself... He wants Brad Pitt to play him on Saturday Night Live | Daily Mail Online  …
Question: "Which actor would you want to play you? Here are suggestions, Doctor. Ben Stiller, Brad Pitt. Which one?" Dr. Anthony Fauci: "Oh, Brad Pitt, of course."  
That's why POTUS say to that journalist "I never said nothing against them (Fauci and Birx")" He KNOWS who they are and is just let them expose themselves and act like he has nothing to do with it. Brilliant
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
Fauci sounds like a freaking fascist. He wants everyone in America to take a covid-19 test and to hand out “immunity cards” to those immune from the virus in order to be allowed to go outside or go back to work. Just throw a Star of David on me and call it a day.
Don’t for get Fauci is Nancy Peelosi’s Pet also, an Fauci was on CNN yucking it up with those jerks after telling the world Millions would die from the C-Virus
WATCH: Dr. Fauci says coronavirus antibody testing is "important but it's not the only thing" to consider when reopening the country. 
I'm not so sure Dr. Fauci is on the right team.
Love how this works. Best analyses (Fauci  covid/flu to show covid more transmissible, deadly. Totally fair point. But if  covid/flu for equally fair, essential purpose of weighing necessity total shutdown, then: DENIER! MANIAC! Tedious...
Deciding "when to reopen the country" is NOT your biggest decision, Trump CLOSING the country was YOUR biggest decision and your biggest MISTAKE Closing & opening the country are NOT powers of the President You're just doing what #Fauci tells you Follow #Constitution 
WATCH: Dr. Fauci explains why mass coronavirus antibody testing could be part of a path to reopening the U.S. “Antibody gives you an idea of the number of people that have been exposed and infected — and have actually recovered.” 
Should the handshake  a thing of the past as Dr. Fauci suggested this week? “I was never a big fan of the handshake,” says @ScottGottliebMD. “Now that I have an excuse not to shake people’s hands, I’m going to take advantage of 
Dr. Fauci Jokes ‘Brad Pitt, Of Course’ Should Play Him On ‘SNL’ Looks like Dr. Fauci here has let the Petition to name him the 'Sexiest Man Alive' go to his head, someone needs to tell Mr. Stud here to get his lens replaced #FauciTheFraud  …
If Trump decides to move too quickly to reopen the country for business, Fauci will face a stark choice. Stay at the table or speak out.  … via @BulwarkOnline <-- YUP
The Borowitz Report: “We don’t want to make the mistake of getting overconfident, reopening his mouth, and creating even worse problems than we have now,” Dr. Anthony Fauci said. 
‘I don’t think we should ever shake hands ever again,’ Fauci says 
Dear President Trump, When are you going to FINALLY realize you need to get rid of Dr. Fauci? Asking for the entire country.
Here is the HHS projections doc that was leaked to the NYT. It’s dated April 9 (yesterday). Remember what Q said yesterday? “Data exchange(s) can be very dangerous.” I don’t know if Fauci actually leaked it. But he sure seemed nervous when he got to the podium. #Qanon  
Dr. Fauci needs to go. He may choose to live his life as a germophobic little shit but the rest of us - namely those without a $384,000 taxpayer-funded salary - need to get back to work.
Watch Dr. Tony Fauci explain that COVID-19 models were revised down because social distancing has been effective  …
'Fauci Goes Full Nazi; Dr. Shiva Joins Dr. Savage For Coronavirus Talk' by The Savage Nation Podcast 
Gov. DeSantis (R-FL), yesterday: “This particular pandemic is one where I don’t think nationwide there’s been a single fatality under 25.” Dr. Fauci, to me today: “People under 25 have died from the coronavirus disease in America.”
That's weird, I just checked all my paper money and coins and none of them say "In Fauci We Trust" anywhere.
Something not right about fauci Dr. Fauci Needs to Amend His Recent Praise of WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus  …
SERIOUS INQUIRY If you could ask Fauci and Birx any question, what would it be? 
"The messages seem to be rather diametrically opposed. The president's agenda seems to be primarily, we need to get the economy back, but that's not the message that Dr. Fauci and Birx... have consistently been giving" - @lipiroy w/ 
Are there any doctors in the room? Antibiotics fight bacterial infections, not viruses. It’s up to Fauci, Birx, Adams to stop this madness in real time...  …
Hey @realDonaldTrump how are you still so dumb that you don’t know that antibiotics don’t help with a virus? Dude, Fauci IS STANDING RIGHT THERE! The dead are on your hands Mr. President. How do you amp up the stupid on the daily?
LOVE your clip! Thank you!! Have you seen this one of #NIHwhistleblower Dr. Judy Mikovits?! She says Fauci’s a mass murderer who has suppressed our cures. Potus has Fauci & the perps surrounded. Full video testimony here. Scroll ahead about 14 minutes>  
"There are a lot of candidate interventions going into clinical trials. Many are randomized controlled trials, where you really find out if something is safe & effective. Sometime in the summer we’ll see which are working," -Dr. Tony Fauci on #COVID19 at today's WH 
President Trump on Dr Birx and Dr Fauci: "I have great respect for these people. I will never say anything bad about these people."
The President of Senegal ( Afrika) agreed with mass vaccination with Covid-19 a week ago and it went awfully wrong! 7 children in one family died inmediaetly. Bill Gates and Dr.Fauci are fully interlinked and so really responsible for all of this.  …
. GLOBALISM WATCH - CORRUPT FAUCI PUSHES for NATIONAL IMMUNITY ID CARDS - Dr. Anthony Fauci, who's been WRONG on Almost Every Data Metric - National Immunity ID Cards may be Needed . ...of course, with Bill Gates' Vaccine  …
Dr. Ron Paul Calls upon President Trump to fire Dr. Anthony Fauci...!  … #FireFauci
HOLY SHIT! Trump calls Fauci on stage to deal with his fraud face to face. #Qanon #MAGA #KAG 
Seems Like #COVID19 Data Has Been Grossly Over-estimated. Started at 1-2 Million...next 200,000... now 30,000-65,000? Less than the flu? Any thoughts of Why #Fauci and #Birx could be so off? #POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @RealJamesWoods  
Thanks to Trump, George W. Bush is MORE popular NOW than he was as President. And is now even MORE popular than Trump (Trump doesn't  close). BTW: President Bush would let Dr. Fauci speak directly to US every. single. day & not stand over him or cut him off
Whoa, did Trump catch Fauci in a leak? Fauci is waving and gesturing to all these liberal reporters, I know he's leaking like a sieve. 
Fauci: Kids could get ‘infected’ if Florida reopens schools 
Back to something close to normal by November's election? Dr. Tony Fauci says that's what he's hoping to see. Watch his full interview with Brian tonight at 11PM ET on @MSNBC. Learn more:  #11thHour #Coronavirus 
How about a badge so everyone can see it, Dr. Fauci? 
I would love nothing more than Deep State Fauci and Birx to be immediately replaced by Dr. Shiva
Given the low case number in much of the nation, protests and civil disobedience is cropping up. We now know the Fauci/Gates Foundation models were bogus, but governors are still clinging to them. Time to send a message to the governors. We do not need their permission.
Trump put Fauci on the spot & left him out to dry- trolling NBC(CP) News ANDvDr. Mengel- er... 'Fauci' at the same time without even saying a word. Fauci is in the Pockets of the likes of BigPharma & Bill Gates, and puts his and their interests far above the American peoples'.
. @ericbolling to Dr. Fauci: Sir, you have a wife and three daughters. If one of them were gravely ill with Covid-19, would you  them trying hydroxychloroquine? 
Dr.'s Fauci and Birx, Liberal or Conservative?
Dr. Anthony Fauci: National Immunity ID Cards May Be Needed…  
It is just plain selfish &  to do a 2 hour press conference & make Drs Fauci & Birx stay there while they could be working to help us. Which I’m sure they’d rather be doing anyway
Dr. Fauci Claims It's PossibleThat Americans Will Carry Certificates of Immunity --- DR. FAUCI CAN KISS MY GLEAMING WHITE AMERICAN ASS.
The reason Birx, Fauci & Cuomo were all predicting peaks this week is because the shutdown had no effect on those infected needing hospital care (or dying) because of the time lag from the incubation time period as those w/ problems got infected prior to shutdown. #Coronavirus
It’s so amazing , and entertaining to watch Trump let Fauci, and Birx make utter fools out of themselves. Ever notice how [they] just go on, and on about models, and speculations...Meanwhile,  in with talking about how we are FIGHTING A WAR. An INVISIBLE, SMART ENEMY..
FAUCI BUSTED!!!??!?! give this the twice-over Did Fauci just get caught leaking to NBC and in a moment of total frustration @realDonaldTrump said “talk to this guy it came from him” If this is accurate it’s better than a Cadbury Egg. A lot 
What I think of Anthony Fauci. In ten thousand words or less for next issue of  …
Nervous laughter from Fauci.
And Fauci just let Peter know with his response that he shouldn't have asked that question just now since the good doctor had just tipped him off. I imagine Fauci will get a talking to.
Gates and CDC Fauci has a $100M conflict of interest which is why he was opposing Trump Fauci is in league with Bill Gates who has pledged $100M for Fauci Gates gave CDC $13.5M This is a matter of NATIONAL SECURITY-Gates should be investigated  
This is gonna frustrate a lot of people who have been simultaneously praising Dr. Fauci and roasting Governor Hutchinson.  …
Live look at Fauci 
Live now on @MSNBC: Dr. Fauci addresses latest on coronavirus and reopening the country 
Dr. Fauci said today, “Yes, people under 25 have died of coronavirus disease in the USA.” He’s saying they died DUE to COVID19. As a result of his lies, we have to Q everything he says, yet, how will we ever know if it’s another lie? What a disservice he has done to the people.
Fauci looks quilty as sin, look how he starts rubbing his neck. He looks so  busted! @LordJoseph1234 @DirkDribbler @nptomlin
RIGHT NOW ON @MSNBC: Dr. Anthony Fauci talks to Brian Williams 
Very speculative but worth a read because this is an important idea and Fauci is experienced enough not to hype it. If true, the virus 1) is probably uncontainable without a vaccine 2) has a lower death rate than we are now measuring.  …
For decades, Anthony Fauci has maintained a simple credo: “You  apolitical and non-ideological, and you stick to what it is that you do. I’m a scientist and I’m a physician. And that’s it.” 
Can #Fauci show ME his badge of authority? Do these bureaucrats have to swear an oath to the #Constitution? Can he show me why the #10Amendment doesnt make #NIH an unconstitutional institution? NO ONE in govt has authority to do  …
Fauci and all health experts: Staying at home is the best way to save lives right now. Trump: Whatever the fuck this is: 
It is statistically more likely that Dr. Anthony Fauci has this poster of Hillary Clinton in his bedroom, than you will get the Coronavirus. 
Fauci Should Be Fired- The CDC is owned by Bill Gates If Not By Trump, Then By The American People He's a fraud- We the people must take a stand against the CDC who are holding back cures and pushing the vaccine agenda for population control  …
Is the media going to demand ZERO deaths after we re-open the economy? Convenient for them, since they’re rooting against Trump. But we’ll never avoid all deaths before vaccine or blanket herd immunity. Even Fauci admitted we’ll still have deaths.Don’t forget economic catastrophe
Why don't his doctors inform him that antibiotics has absolutely no effect on voral illnesses? I love Dr. Fauci but he is just trying to keep his job and his  would be entirely different in  administration.
I won’t listen to my Gov (FL) I will pay attention to Cuomo and Dr Fauci
How can it be that he said there were constitutional problems with issuing a national stay at home order (as Fauci said he should) but he has the absolute authority to order people to ... go outside? shake hands?  …
Sometimes I think about how angry I am at this whole mess and then I think about Fauci and I just imagine him screaming into his pillow for hours every night just to get by.  …
“There are signs that President Trump is tiring of his romance with Drs Fauci and Birx. That would be a good thing. Public health experts are well and good in their place. Their place is not running the country.” I hope so ⁦  …
somebody go check on fauci. he’s offstage sticking a penny into an electric socket  …
This vomitous blabbering maniac needs to understand there’s SO MUCH BETTER USE OF #BIRX and #FAUCI’S time than standing behind his malignant-narcissist propaganda-spewing ASS for 2 hours every damn day... #Trump #Coronavirus #COVID19
WATCH: Fauci says antibody tests for the coronavirus could be available within a week  
‘You Will Win Easily’: Trump Jokes About Asking Fauci To Run Against Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez  …
One footnote: Fauci did some fancy footwork in answer to a question about @RonDeSantisFL bizarre assertion that he may reopen Florida’a schools because, he says, COVID-19 doesn’t affect people under 25. This is the governor of our fourth largest state.
I think Fauci is forgetting that Bill Gates isn't the government. 
Yeah saw that live during the briefing. We will see  of it. President Trump already knows that Fauci and Birx are deep state enemies tied to Bill Gates. There are so many swmp creatures. This country was a goner if Hillary would have been elected. Trump 2020!
"Fauci said the US must ensure it is not caught napping again on testing when the economy eventually opens up...He said the government would need the capacity to use robust testing for 'identification, isolation, contact tracing.'" Will Trump ignore Fauci?  …
LIVE: Dr. Anthony Fauci joins #CNNSOTU w/ @jaketapper this Sunday. Tune 
respectfully, you can shove my papers up your ass, dr. fauci  …
My question for Dr. Fauci is: If Sweden reaches natural herd immunity with a low death rate and no lockdown should the US rethink its strategy to Covid19?
Today Dr. Fauci criticized homophobia while standing right in front of world-famous homophobe Mike Pence. Sometimes life is good.  …
Dr. Fauci seems like he's  quite a NERVOUS little runt, doesn't he?
A few days ago Fauci talked about the data showing a disparity in the quality of medical care for people of color. I didn't expect the administration to let that stand as the final word. The US Surgeon General is now blaming the victims.
If you had to fantasy draft a pandemic fighting team, the top two picks -- worldwide -- would be Tony Fauci and @DrTomFrieden (trust me on this). What Tom said today about the state of the COVID response is 
Does my heart good to see Dr. Fauci constantly contradicting trump’s lies without the orange idiot even realize he’s doing it.
Ron Paul Blasts Fraud Dr. Fauci, Says Trump 'Or the People' Should Fire Him  … @CassandraRules
Dr. Fauci had zero problems criticizing homophobia right in front of Mike Pence "During that time, there was extraordinary stigma, particularly against the  Fauci said as Pence looked on.  …
The US should not "be pulling back at all" when  to coronavirus mitigation, top infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci says.  
Deep State Dr Fauci, pushing fake COVID19 #’s urging USA to stay closed for months, is part of Leadership Council of the Bill & Melinda Gates Fdn Why aren’t these ppl vetted better? Why is ths globalist still involved? @kayleighmcenany 
You can tell by Fauci’s body language it was him most likely or someone close to him.
Fauci: "If you have a situation in which you don't have a good control over an outbreak and you allow children to gather together, they likely will get infected, and if they get infected, the likelihood they will bring the infection home. That really is a risk."
Hey Fauci stop touching the damn mic! They put the small one on the podium so people stop using their hands! I guess u haven’t heard that yet ! Your fired! 
“Yes, people under 25 have died of coronavirus disease in the United States of America,” Dr. Fauci says just now.  …
Another dangerous sociopath here, no surprise #Fauci is close friends of #BillGates. Both have disturbing penchant for Medical Martial  …
Trump is the virus. A majority of American voters are Dr. Fauci.
Why is @realDonaldTrump hanging his hat on Fauci? He is making it so obvious in today’s briefing. Keeps praising him. This is not cool. Pisses me off.
“A greater portion of my career has been defined by HIV/AIDS," said Dr. Fauci. “[T]here was extraordinary stigma ... the  responded to this outbreak with incredible courage and dignity and strength and activism.” With @Mike_Pence behind  …
The obsession some people have with attacking Fauci is just bizarre to me
Dr. Fauci has NO RIGHT to say the surgeon general did not offend people of color! Why don’t the white people on that stage give white people the same advice about not drinking & drugging. The vast majority of opioid addicts are white.
Asked about this, Adams saying he's directing his message to people of all races. Fauci then interjects to say he knows Adams and the language was not offensive.  …
Fox News Poll: Far More Americans Approve Of Fauci’s Handling Of Coronavirus Than Trump’s  …
WTF? Fauci is a manace to this country. Fauci praises head of WHO.  …
Jim Acosta's question about whether President Trump would listen to the advice of Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx about when to reopen the country was a waste of everyones time. POTUS has consistently listened to their advice. WATCH what Dr. Fauci had to say about this a few days ago. 
Someone PLEASE follow up by asking Brix and Fauci this same question about testing because Trump is not providing accurate information
Asked by CNN's Jim Acosta whether he would tell his allies who have been attacking Drs. Fauci and Birx to stop, Trump only says that he has "tremendous respect" for Fauci and Birx. He doesn't say anything about telling his allies to stop.
Dr. Fauci's reaction as Trump says he should run for office against AOC is priceless. 
Gates & Fauci Are Doing Great Harm To America & The World Watch the whole show here:  
Trump says he will listen to Dr. Fauci's and Dr. Birx's assessment on whether the country will be ready to open by May 1st, but do not mistake that with agreeing with them: "I will certainly listen. I will certainly listen." Trump adds "there are both sides to every argument."
Wait...Trump displays his "respect" for Dr. Fauci by suggesting he "move to New York and run against @AOC?" That entirely misses the point of the question which dealt not w/ politics but rather w/ whether TRUMP will listen to Fauci on not forcing businesses to reopen on May 1st.
Did you just see what Dr. Fauci just said, "When WE decide to relax regulations". @realDonaldTrump PLEASE - take control away from these liberal scientists. We voted you to.make these crucial decisions - NOT Fauci/Birx/CDC, Democrats or Media.
HOLY SH!T Deepstate Fauci just got caught leaking info to the mockingbird & trump knows. The Sham is up! 
Fauci and Birx react to Trump's, uh, joke.  
TRUMP: "I told Tony Fauci -- I said, 'why don't you move to New York, run against AOC. You will win, easily' ... I kid." 
Trump says that he told Dr. Fauci to move to New York and "run against AOC" because even amid a failed response to a global pandemic where the United States has the most cases on the face of the earth, all Trump can wrap his mind around is politics.
Anddddddddd Jim Acosta just asked for the 500th time if Trump listens to Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx and Trump's answer is still the same for the 500th time. Useless "reporters"
A question about whether he wants to re-open the country against the advice of experts, and he makes a joke about telling Tony Fauci to run against AOC. I’m not making a joke. I got nothing.
Trump says he advised Fauci to move to New York "and run against AOC," saying he would win easily. He says Fauci said no. He adds that he is joking.
Asked about NYT report about new fed projections that lifting restrictions after the 30 days would cause more deaths, Fauci/Birx/Trump say they haven't seen. Trump says we're not doing anything until we know the country will stay healthy, don't have to choose work v. health.
President Trump, Dr. Fauci, and Dr. Birx say they have not seen federal projections that show a spike in infections if stay at home orders are lifted at 30 days. NYT report on projections here:  …
How is it that Dr. Fauci knows all the reporters by their first names?
BOMBSHELL from Robert F. Kennedy. Though US had banned bioweapon development, NIH (headed by Fauci) approved U. of No. Carolina study modifying coronavirus spec obtained from Ft. Detrick. Scientists in study included Wuhan virologist. This is vetted on Dr Rashid Buttar's website. 
FAUCI: “It’s important to remember that this is NOT the time to feel...that we need to be pulling back at all.” Next time Trump talks about “reopening” the country, remember this: 
Anthony Fauci sets stage for mandatory, lucrative, #coronavirus vaccine!  
I think it’s time to rotate new Doctors and “Scientist” in now....I’ve seen enough of Fauci and the scarf princess
TRUMP at 2:05 pm: “We’re not getting any calls from governors at this moment.” FAUCI at 2:16 pm: “I’ve had calls over the last several days from several of the governors” PENCE at 2:28 pm: “I spoke today to the governor of Colorado" 
At some point will someone please remind Dr. Fauci that we do in fact live in the United States of America, not  dictatorship. He seems to be slightly confused on this point.  …
I had a great call with Dr. Anthony Fauci this morning. We discussed the potential for antibody testing and the need for Wyoming to have access to additional diagnostic testing materials. Dr. Fauci also praised the actions we have taken to date to #SlowtheSpread.
LEVIN on HANNITY: I Have Big Questions for Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx 
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "This is not the time to feel that, since we have made such important advance in the sense of success of the mitigation, that we need to be pulling back, at all."  
John, you know I respect you. I was earliest to call out Fauci but buck stops with Trump-he did what he had to do. You have to consider variables in HIS calculus not in yours. Media&Dems whipped up panic that gave DJT no choice. Panic more powerful than virus or econ costs.  …
Dr. Fauci (a huge Hillary supporter), the Mainstream Media, and Dem governors are  to downplaying or discrediting Hydroxychloroquine as an effective drug against COVID-19. This despite its positive results in Europe, S. Korea, and China. WHY?
Dr. Anthony Fauci says he spoke by phone today with Governor Hutchinson and the governor of Wyoming. “They  to making sure they don’t have spikes in their state. They’re doing the things that don’t get recognized. They are doing an extraordinary job.” #COVID19
Fauci and Birx deserve enormous credit for managing this epic crisis and a mercurial, erratic president at the same time.
Birx and Fauci are determined to keep us in lockdown. I don't know why the president lets them speak. They are anti-America and want to destroy our economy. They want to force a vaccine. It's time to shut them up. NOW!
Dr. Fauci just acknowledged the fine job the THE GOVERNORS have been doing across the country. "They're doing an extraordinary job." It is because of them, and our incredible Healthcare professionals that we're making progress. In spite of the "president."
Pence Blocks Fauci, Birx from Appearing on CNN after Network Stops Airing Full White House Coronavirus Briefings  …
Pretty sure Fauci was talking to an audience of one there
At the briefing right now, Drs. Brix and Fauci are directly contradicting what Trump wants to do in this @washingtonpost  …
Dr. Fauci: Just because we’re seeing a slowdown in this virus does not mean we need to pull back. Check in at  to see the latest on developing 
FAUCI GOES FULL NAZI! IMMUNITY CARDS FOR ALL! FIRE! The NAZI FAUCI @realDonaldTrump
Fauci: We're starting to see "leveling off" and "coming down," but this is not the time to feel that we need to be "pulling back at all." He salutes governors in states without big spikes that are working to prevent them from occurring in the first place.
Ohhhhh, now's not the time, now that we've seen huge success, to be pulling back on what we're doing, Dr. Fauci?
FAUCI SAYS U.S. IS STARTING TO SEE A LEVELING OFF AND COMING DOWN IN CORONAVIRUS
Oh fuck off Fauci. It’s time to let the rest of the country go back to work.
Fauci now. The voice of sanity. "We're starting to see the leveling off....but it's important to remember that this is not the time to feel that since we have made such important advance....that we need to be pulling back at all".
Fauci called Coronavirus "not something that the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about" the SAME DAY CDC confirmed the first U.S. case. This guy wants a National Stay At Home Order? How about a Fauci Go Home Order?  …
Dr Fauci speaking Truth to Power.
WOW “The Leadership Council of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation  of several people including DR ANTHONY S FAUCI. ... He sits on the Leadership Council Board of the BILL and MELINDA GATES FOUNDATION and folks that is a CONFLICT of INTEREST.” #TheMoreYouKnow 
"Fauci says task force 'argued strongly' with Trump to extend coronavirus guidelines" He wants another month!!! I can't stand that pipsqueak. @realDonaldTrump can you say "You're fired"...to Fauci.
Anyone wonder why the media doesn't use the same gotcha questions on Drs. Birx & Fauci to expose their own biases and sources of 
Fauci, WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE. You're a lying swamp rat. America is waking up. Time to show this little man the door. Fire Fauci.
Time for a new Sheriff in town. Fauci full of himself. Anthony Fauci sets stage for mandatory -- lucrative! -- vaccine - Washington Times  …
It's ALWAYS been the plan as I've been saying FROM THE BEGINNING — test for daily travel permit — #lockdown if positive test until vaccinated #Gates, #Fauci & others are openly saying ONLY solution is #vaccine work, school, travel by permission only  …
Stanford is No. 6 university in the nation. Ahead of Johns Hopkins and several Ivy League schools. Yet it has led the way on #coronavirus policy skepticism. Yet the Fauci-Birx task force has ignored them like they're some kind of JUCO. @realDonaldTrump why not listen to them?
Tonight: Dr Anthony Fauci answers your questions. Please tweet or message me. Thanks!
I am glad that our collective opinion is confirmed by someone who is not only a smart politician but an M.D.! #FireFauciNow Fauci is neither a Patriot nor a doctor—he is a globalist rat and a political opportunist! @RonPaul @realDonaldTrump  …
Dr. Chance McClain suggest Dr. Fauci carry around a certificate of deez nutz.  …
WOW - Ron Paul Blasts 'Fraud' Dr. Fauci, Says Trump 'Or the People' Should Fire Him  …
More of Fauci’s Bill Gates bullshit.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: Americans could eventually carry certificates of immunity to coronavirus -  - @washtimes
Fauci goes full-on Fascist: **Papers Please**  …
This morning Dr. Fauci said the U.S. might consider "certificates of immunity." But are the antibody tests we have ready for that? Here's everything (maybe) you wanted to know about these tests and what they--and can't--do. with  …
@realDonaldTrump must reel in Fauci now.  …
MORE happening than we realize: •Collapsing tunnels •Get rid of more Deep Staters this week in Gov’t=You’re FIRED Michael & Glen. •Showing the biggest FF in history=Fake China Virus saved by a gift from God(CQ) •Showing the evil of Bill Gates & connections 2 Fraud Fauci 
Dr Shiva just called for the arrest and indictment of Dr Fauci.
Ron Paul Blasts 'Fraud' Dr. Fauci, Says Trump 'Or the People' Should Fire Him  …
That pretty much is what they are up to. If they scare us enough we will be begging for a vaccine and papers to leave the house. This is also why Fauci was talking down the Malaria pill as soon as Trump mentioned it. They can't make money on it and it won't help their agenda.
Each time I hear Fauci speak I get that same feeling in my gut that I did when I listened to Obama. *Do not trust this man*
The latest from Bill Gates’ paid spokesman Dr Fauci Essentially saying Do not dare question the official story 
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: Dr. Bauchner is hitting it out of the park with his #COVID19 @JAMA_current podcast series Don’t miss this one with Dr. Fauci #FauciFriday  …
RT . @realDonaldTrump AMERICA IS TIRED OF FAUCI!!! He's like a grey-haired version of HITLER but he'd be happy kissing RED CHINA's BUTT!! as a VETERAN of the US NAVY, I would NOT BE. I AM AN AMERICAN & I SWORE AN OATH TO PROTECT MY AMERICA from people like HIM! FIRE HIS ASS TODAY!
Fauci got him to listen and, for a few news cycles, change his tone. Of course this didn’t last, but it’s worth pausing for a moment to consider the Faucian Bargain that was struck.  …
Fauci admits previous projection of 100K-240K coronavirus deaths was likely an overestimate – True Pundit  …
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, it’s time to fire Fauci and fire Birx! They preach death and plan destruction of Our American Economy! Do not listen to them anymore! They are but puppets of the Deep State railing against US! God Bless you Mr Trump 
At the time, some people thought Dr. Fauci was laughing with Trump, and some people thought Fauci was laughing at Trump. What do you think now? 
Why are people asking him about this stuff? It’s not Fauci’s fault he has terrible policy ideas. It’s not his expertise.  …
At this point I don't care what they credit for causing COVID-19 to decline. Credit Fauci's new aftershave for all I care. Just open the damned country.
When will Dr Fauci be weighing in on our Stimulus packages and what “He” thinks our Country needs.?? Trump needs to fire that guy
I don’t know about y’all, but I’m pretty sure I don’t want Fauci making decisions about any of our personal freedoms.
Fauci the Fugazi now wants us to carry around papers certifying immunity to virus. He should carry around papers that certify hes a globalist tool working with Gates &WHO &CCP against the people. So we can Identify him as an enemy of the people. WE THE PEOPLE FIRE YOU 1776 2.0
If I were president Dr Fauci would have been replaced with Amity’s medical examiner in March. By now the reports would be amended and this whole situation would be under control! #BeachesOpen  …
1918 Pandemic Baseball players and fans all wore masks, and 102 years later, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx, our CDC, & the Surgeon General all advised against wearing masks. Probably the dumbest and most costly medical advice ever given. @realDonaldTrump needs better 
We still don't have a vaccine for HIV but we have treatment. How long has it been Dr, Fauci?
If Patient ID is controversial, imagine the privacy advocates' response on having the govt collect med info, provide immunity status cards & require use/display!- Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed'  … via @politico
American Greatness: Trump Needs to Tell Fauci, the NIH and the FDA, "You're Fired!"  …
Hell no! This is inviting discrimination. This man is evil. What are your thoughts? Dr. Anthony Fauci says White House mulling coronavirus certificates of immunity  … via @nypost
Fauci is confusing me. He's already said Covid-19 isn't going  even with a vaccine, but wants America to hold off reopening? He sounds like something's in this for him.
"Anthony Fauci is still in the room. And we should be grateful for that...[But] if Trump decides to move too quickly to reopen the country for business, Fauci will face a stark choice. Stay at the table or speak out."  …
An explanation for the administration's failure to test was at the heart of my March hearing w/Dr. Fauci. We MUST continue to expand testing and rapid testing capacity. Thank you, @MarkLevineNYC, for your work in helping NYC navigate this dangerous  …
I wish Dr. Fauci didn’t have to spend so much time knocking down “conspiracy theories” about the #coronavirus death toll. Perhaps then, he’d have more time to battle the disease itself.  
Fauci was born in Brooklyn (home of Lubavitch) This is the 6th president he has worked under. And he give us globalist gang signs. 
Early Suey nominee for mispronunciations — @LeBatardShow trying to say Dr. Fauci 
Anyone else secretly hoping Fauci and Birx aren't going to be at this News Conference and it is Just our Dear President speaking to us a Nation??
Epidemiologists like Fauci & Company are misrepresenting reasons models are wrong,as social distancing was always taken into account when the virus models were first presented. Now, Fawci & Co. erroneously credit social distancing as the reason there are less deaths. Not true.
C 2/2 can count on Fauci being hung out to dry. The reason Trump puts him on the podium whenever data/models/projections/deaths are being discussed-merely setting up plausible deniability,'Hey you guys called him NUMBER ONE EXPERT IN THE FIELD - I listened to him'-don't blame me"
C 1/2 "Trump called it a "hoax" (which it is) & the media pounced, calling him insensitive & lacking the ability to manage a crisis. So... Trump played along. And, as a smart manager does, he put some one else in charge. Cue Dr. Fauci. When this goes south - which it will you
While I agree with Dr. Fauci on letting handshakes go by the wayside, I'm curious where he stands on the long held presidential tradition of grabbing pussy.
You mean like this, Dr. Fauci?  
Thank you for your hard work Mr. President! While investigating the WHO, please include disclosures on Gates, Fauci & Birx, who are all equally as corrupt. Millions of Americans refuse a vaccine, immunity certificate, and/or ID chip that they are all pushing for. They're EVIL.
no Dr Fauci, it does not have merit, under any circumstances it's an Orwellian technocratic nightmare, in line with the most horrific excesses of South Africa's apartheid regime and its vile "Pass Laws" pls watch @NextRevFNC Sunday 9p for a positive way to #ReopenAmerica  …
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
Because there's nothing scary about this idea. Dr. Anthony Fauci is proving himself to be a true blue Napoleon Bonaparte.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says White House mulling coronavirus certificates of immunity  … via @nypost
False Flag. Next up: “WHO  that Everyone in the USA stay on home lockdown until the November elections are over. Fauci agrees in MSNBC interview”
President Trump perfectly positioned Fauci. He gave Fauci the spotlight and Fauci has publicly discredited himself. President Trump is now free, with a lot of public support, to ignore Fauci's advice.
Here's the article  … Salient point is that #Fauci  use of existing drugs WITHOUT govt permission Not today #COVID is dangerous enough to #lockdown & revoke #Constitution in practice, but not dangerous enough to allow us to try #HCQ  
@realDonaldTrump Not only 𝗡𝗢..... but 𝗛𝗘𝗟𝗟 𝗡𝗢!!!!! Fauci is evil----a puppet for the Deep State and Big Pharma This is the United States of America, not Nazi Germany!  …
After a serious Friday segment on the coronavirus pandemic, Dr. Anthony Fauci joked that he would like to see Brad Pitt play him on 
Dr. Anthony Fauci jokes Brad Pitt should play him on ‘SNL' 
We shouldn't have trusted Fauci, he is yet to be right about anything. MSM agrees with everything he says cause its doomsday, and anti trump. Fire that guy!!!
Ingraham has been one of the top Fox hosts who has sought to undercut Fauci's influence over US policy. Per WaPo, she also met with Trump last week.  …
Question: "Which actor would you want to play you? Here are suggestions, Doctor. Ben Stiller, Brad Pitt. Which one?" Dr. Fauci: "Oh, Brad Pitt, of course."  
I didn't vote for Anthony Fauci.
"The pup was of Italian descent, like their favorite infectious-disease specialist. So in the end the couple went with Fauci." This is excellent dog content.  …
Former Rep. Ron Paul: Trump should fire Dr. Fauci, 'fraud' leading coronavirus response  …
Is Trump using Fauci to expose him and Deep State crazies? Me thinks so.  …
This is no different than someone screaming “fire!” in a crowded movie theater and 100 people getting trampled to death as a result of the panic. It should be treated as such. Fauci and the “modelers.”
Do not allow Fauci to inject us with a Bill Gates vaccine. I do not trust either one of them. This happened in 1976. Four thousand Americans suffered after they took a swine flu vaccine. Many died. 
Trevor chats with @BillGates, Dr. Anthony Fauci, @GovWhitmer, @vivek_murthy, and Governor @GavinNewsom about the COVID-19 pandemic and how to keep people aware and 
"Cheersing Natties is the new handshake" - Dr. Fauci
If Trump decides to move too quickly to reopen the country for business, Fauci will face a stark choice. Stay at the table or speak out. Within days, we may learn the full cost of Fauci’s bargain.  … via @BulwarkOnline
WATCH: Fauci says antibody tests for the coronavirus could be available within a week  
Dr. Fauci said no more handshakes. So here are some new handshakes for your consideration: 
panic puppy-buying via @MPhillipsWSJ with dogs like "Dr. Birx" and "Fauci," you know it has to be good  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci on Friday quipped that Hollywood actor Brad Pitt should play him on "Saturday Night Live." 
It’s time to stop hysteria. I’ve never had faith or liked Fauci and Birx. Their aligned w/Gates We Want Names! President Trump Says "Two Very Smart People" Came into His Office and Urged Him to Lock Down Economy or 2.2 Million Americans Would Die (VIDEO)  …
NEW Dig It! Podcast • Real facts from inside the hospitals • What's happening out at sea • The WHO, Fauci, and Gates • IG firings • Lots of other tidbits! @TheSharpEdge1 @TheSpeaker2018 Dig It! #42: Inside Hospitals & Out To 
Ron Paul says the coronavirus pandemic has been "blown way out of proportion" and calls Fauci a "fraud" who "should be fired."  …
I truly hope part of President Trumps big announcement today will include the firing of Dr. Fauci.
Who died and appointed Fauci king? Americans must stand up against this. This man is drunk on power. We didn’t elect you, and it’s high time you take a seat.  …
Uh-oh, Dr. Fauci (Bill Gates) won't like that.  …
Who to trust and who to believe? We have learned WHO not trustworthy with tests 89% false positives, & Dr Fauci & Dr Birx tied to Bill Gates Fndn. Vaccines? Beware! What you don’t know about the Bill Gates Foundation is what will hurt you!  …
Fauci makes Mike Bloomberg seem like a devoted civil libertarian.  …
Awesome!!! Good 4 Fauci and good for us!!!!  …
Wouldn’t you love to take Rob Reiner’s head and shove it up Fauci’s ass?
Former Congressman Ron Paul has called on President Trump to fire Dr. Anthony Fauci, the administration’s senior scientific advisor on the coronavirus task force.  …
Thinking out loud... This is Trumps way of acknowledging Fauci & Birx as the DS Globalists that WE already knew they were & letting ALL of America know there’s NO limit to the Evil of these people... They’ll stop at Nothing to push their Globalist agenda.  …
Dear Mr. President, Please fire that RAT Fauci. NOW. Signed, Every freedom-loving American.
Why do Democrats keep trying to extend the lock down? Why is the democratic owned media using recycled covid hospital images? Who does (Evil) Dr. Fauci really work for? Trump printed 3.2 Trillion dollars - where did it all go? Why did Bernie suspend but not End his campaign?
FAUCI: "The one thing you don't want to do is you don't want to get out there prematurely and then wind up back in the same situation."
Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Dr. Fauci, Says Some Are Trying ‘To Have Total Control Over The People’ - The Daily Caller  …
Ron Paul calls on Trump or 'the people' to fire Anthony Fauci - I agree!  …
Trump: “who knew a pandemic like this could ever happen?” Narrator: Peter Navarro, #CDC, scientists, epidemiologists, Dr. Fauci/Birx, Bill Gates, President Obama - literally, everyone but you, Dr. Stable Genius. #TrumpVirus 
Fauci: Americans Could Carry COVID-19 Immunity Papers  …
Fauci is a fear-mongering control FREAK! And  in tearing down #Arizona businesses! You did NOT stand up for any hurting Arizona citizen! Standing with NY&CA fascists makes you a #Fascist!! Do you support Schumer or do you support Arizona? Your call  …
Could someone please review all recent bank account transactions of Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Deborah Birx? (Specifically, any large deposits.)
Open this country now! Are you blind to Fauci Birx WHO Gates? Why are you going along with this?
Today would be a great day to fire Fauci. #FireFauci
Dr. Fauci on reopening the country on May 1: "The virus kind of decides whether or not it's going to be appropriate to open or not. What we're seeing right now are some favorable signs."
I wonder how Fauci knew that Trump would have a "surprise" pandemic during his administration? Why would he say that at Georgetown in 2017?
'It really does...ultimately shine a very bright light on some of the real weaknesses and foibles in our society — Dr. Fauci on racial disparities amid COVID-19 
Since yall are asking- - @RepDonBeyer's daughter made this for him - It has a coffee filter built in - He wears it when he goes out, not just to preside - He didn't get special House guidance - He's just following CDC guidelines & Dr. Fauci's advice, trying to model good behavior  …
Pence's office reversed course and is now allowing the nation's top health officials to appear on CNN. Dr. Anthony Fauci returned this AM and made news, saying an antibody test for COVID-19 could be available in a week or so.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci Jokes He'd Like Brad Pitt to Play Him on 'SNL' 
Yet Voter ID can’t be issued... Does this include “illegal aliens” or do they get a pass on this too? Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed' #MAGA  …
Dr. Fauci is in on it. $$$$$$$$$$$PlanDemic
“At the same time as we’re seeing the increase in deaths, we’re seeing a rather dramatic decrease in the need for hospitalizations,” Dr. Anthony Fauci says. “That means that what we are doing is working and therefore we need to continue to do it.”  
Dr. Fauci says on @CNN that the U.S. will be using antibody tests in just days and have a "rather large number" available within a week.
Dr. Fauci Shoots Down 'Conspiracy Theory' That Coronavirus Deaths Are Being Inflated: 'No Evidence That's the Case At All'  via @mediaite
US Health Expert Fauci: 'Now Is No Time to Back Off' 
#OperationEndure continues today with more live coverage of the #coronavirus pandemic ... including former Rep. Ron Paul's demand that President Trump fire Dr. Tony Fauci. See all of the latest #COVID19 headlines by clicking the link  …
Good news Friday! Dr. Anthony Fauci Says Antibody Tests Just Days Away | As we walk through this tunnel - there will be better and better news - just stay positive.  …
If Trump decides to move too quickly to reopen the country for business, Fauci will face a stark choice. Stay at the table or speak out. Within days, we may learn the full cost of Fauci's bargain  …
The task force has to be pressed on this during the briefing today - if not Trump, who doesn’t seem to know what he’s talking about, at least Fauci, Brix, even Pence. Mass testing is the ONLY way we can leave any kind of lockdown and there is NO PLAN right now from the WH.  …
New @EPIDEMICpodcast—Dr. Anthony Fauci: One Pandemic to Another. Learned a lot about the Dr. Fauci and his role in the HIV/AIDS pandemic. Dr. @celinegounder interviews activists @peterstaley and Mark Harrington. Love this  …
Mr President, Please FIRE Dr Fauci He says Americans having to carry “Certificates” proving we have Corona Antibodies has “Merit” Why is he  on that.?? He doesn’t set policy in this Country Please re-consider
Governor of NY: “Even when the virus is gone, life will not return back to normal” Dr.Fauci: “Life will not return to normal even after the virus leaves” Media: “Citizens in China returning to work, but life will not go back to normal” Anyone notice the shared theme here?
My inside DC sources have just confirmed. When Fauci gave Acosta the little wave while leaving the briefing room - it was a signal to meet him at the Red Roof at 8:00 sharpe - wearing nothing but his pink thong and anal beads.
News Flash Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump isn't the who "mishandled-coronavirus"! That would be Fauci & Birx Look out @CNN Wallace  after your #FakeNews crown he just may unseat  …
Anthony Fauci said the federal government is considering issuing Americans certificates of immunity from the coronavirus  …
An emotional new video from @RealDoctorMike has more than 100 physicians — including Dr. Anthony Fauci — getting real about what it’s like on the front lines of the coronavirus pandemic. 
What's Up With Dr. Fauci's Secret Signals To His Fake News Friends? Watch:  … #DrFauci #AnthonyFauci
I've figured out why this Dr. Fauci troubles me. I can't get the thought out of my head, that after his day is done, he goes home, pours himself a scotch and sits in a leather recliner; gets out his little laser and makes his cats run headlong into a wall... And chuckles quietly.
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the idea of Americans carrying certificates of immunity to prove they have tested positive for coronavirus antibodies might have "some merit." Ok i’m DONE with him.!!!! I’m TIRED of seeing someone i didn’t vote for tell me what i need to do..I’m over it
Karma has a convenient manner in revisiting those who mistreat others. If Fauci and Birx are promoting a false narrative along with the media/healthcare/democrats/others, and I truly believe they are, their day of reckoning is on the horizon. It will be glorious to witness. 
Dr. Fauci: Antibody Tests Could Be Available Within 'A Week Or So'  … via @SaraCarterDC
IS MITIGATION REALLY THE ANSWER? HOW WILL WE DEVELOP IMMUNITY BY LIVING IN A BUBBLE? How long do Fauci & Dems want us to hunker down?It’s time to start opening up America again! FOCUS ON HOTSPOTS but let all other areas & states get back to work!  …
Dr. Fauci names the actor he hopes will play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
What if the problem with Hydrochloriquine and Azithromycin is that it cures AIDS HIV HSV1 & HSV2 If this is true....it would mean Gates, Fauci, Birx and all the global funds and organizations have been collecting billions for a cure that already exists.
Dr. Fauci is warning about lifting restrictions too soon, while his mentally disordered boss talks about opening parts of the country. How long will it be before Dr. Fauci is fired? And then? Who will advocate for the truth? Trump must GO. #TrumpPlague #TrumpBurialPits
Dr. Fauci is a "fraud," says @RonPaul, demanding that either @realdonaldtrump or "the people" fire the @NIAIDNews director. Paul previously claimed the virus to be a "big hoax," that profit seekers had "massively exaggerated" for their own 
Dear President Trump America wants to go back to work. PS- Keep your eye on that little weasel Fauci... I don't trust that prick even a LITTLE bit Love, America
We murdered our economy because of Fauci. Fauci was wrong. #FireFauci
I don’t believe a single word Fauci says. #FireFauci
Dr Fauci has not spoken one time about how a small business can “Mitigate”, so they can re-open There’s thousands of businesses that are shut down that could be (Safely) operating right now Why isn’t he working with Governors to re-open as many of them as we can.? Deep State
FACTS: 1st mention of the #coronavirus on cable news was on Jan 17th @IngrahamAngle 1st TV interview w/Dr. Fauci was on @BretBaier Special Report on Jan 28th @SeanHannity’s early coverage was near prophetic when Jan 24th he warned China might be  …
Good morning America!!! . . . . . . ...except for Dr "Little Kevorkian" Fauci 
I didn’t elect Dr Fauci to run my Country I don’t want to hear anymore of his bullshit... Trump needs to take in his advice, then do as HE thinks we should..
WATCH: Fauci jokes he'd want Brad Pitt to play him on "Saturday Night Live"  
Dr Wittkowski on Fauci "I'm not paid by govt so I'm entitled to actually do Science Dr Wittkowski- former head-Dept- Biostatistics Epidemiology "Virus- exterminated in weeks if people allowed to lead normal lives" @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
McConnell personally urged Trump at the start of the crisis to let Fauci and Birx be the face of the response. Trump did not heed the advice. ⁦ @jmartNYT⁩ ⁦  …
Dr Fauci has far too much power We need less of him and more of Trump If it was up to Fauci, our economy would never open again Deep State
Question: "Which actor would you want to play you? Here are suggestions, Doctor. Ben Stiller, Brad Pitt. Which one?" Dr. Fauci: "Oh, Brad Pitt, of course."  
B. Gates said this during a Ted Talk a couple of years back. Now Fauci saying this, it just goes to show both him & gates and big pharma have a few golden hand shakes going on. This is where  in people. No vaccine, no certificate = no travel, no gatherings = control.
Fauci can pucker up & kiss my fucking ass This piece of shit is creeping into Trump's head & I don't like it, get him out, NOW!  …
To All of My Truther & Awoke Brothers & Sisters Worldwide. Notice The Individual Next To The 'DEPOPULATIONIST' Bill Gates - You Guest It! Little 'TONY FAUCI' This Is The Reason Our President 'MUST' FIRE 'TONY FAUCI' Immediately! #FireFauci #Globalists #BillGates #Vaccines 
Nice try. The idea of having to prove immunity to go back to work is being pushed by Democrats. That is why CNN tweeted Fauci saying the idea has "some merit." CNN WANTS this.
TRUST Dr Fauci & Dr Brix? paid by Bill Gates Fndn & used #COVID19 models that PANIC the American people . @WHO: tests 80% false positive & said NO human to human transmission. 3/29 -2,200,000 DEATHS 3/31 - 200,000 DEATHS 4/7 - 60,000 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said the previously announced best-case scenario of 100,000 to 240,000 COVID-19 deaths was probably an overestimate, The Hill reported. 
Coming up, I’ll speak with a #COVIDー19 survivor- @DavidLat - who spent 6 days on a ventilator but now is thankfully on the mend. (Side note: Like Dr. Fauci, we are fellow @RegisHighSchool 
Dr. Fauci on @CNN @NewDay: It will be hard going into this holiday weekend, but we must keep up mitigation efforts. Now is the time to put foot on the accelerator. We are going in the right direction. Let’s keep going that way. #covid19
"The death tolls in Italy and New York probably did more to change behavior on the ground than all of Trump’s press conferences or Dr. Anthony Fauci’s TV appearances." Yep. In my experience, most ppl here are staying home bc they believe the risk. Not bc govt is telling them to.  …
Fauci warns about conspiracy theorists because his masters know that citizens are waking up. They can't have us waking up too early because it will be the end of the 'enemies of life' who are making our world a nightmare
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the idea of Americans carrying certificates of immunity to prove they have tested positive for coronavirus antibodies might have "some merit." Follow live updates:  
I can feel the American public getting restless. I am not sure Fauci an Birx calls for continued isolation are going to hold much longer.
Instagram @robertfkennedyjr: "Hot off the Press: You might want to read this new exposé of Fauci's murderous criminal enterprise"  
Dr. Anthony Fauci cautions against reopening the U.S. economy too soon "Often people say reopen the government like it's a light switch that goes on and off for the entire country...it's not going to be a one size fits all," he says 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the top pandemic doc, says Hollywood heartthrob Brad Pitt would be the best choice to play him on “Saturday Night Live.” 
Have you had enough of the Constitution being shredded and your liberties eroded based on Fauci’s overblown predictions and ever changing bad information?
I’m down. And take Birx & Fauci with them.  …
Biggest “set up” since the 1980’s, when Fauci decided he would not be notifying partners of AIDS-positive Americans that they needed to get tested for AIDS. 1. AIDS activists cheered Fauci. 2. AIDS silently spread to thousands. 3. Reagan got blamed.
Fire fauci, birx, and all of the obama holdovers and get the country opened back up!
Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Dr. Fauci, Says Some Are Trying ‘To Have Total Control Over The People Joining the sentients of Bill Barr & Millions #FireFauci @POTUS  … via @dailycaller
Investigate Fauci and Birx. Something’s not right with them
Dr. Mika went to the Fauci School of Pandemic Panic  …
Ron Paul and many others say Dr. Fauci must go. What’s your opinion?
Dr. Fauci, who has been dubbed “the public-health hero” by business insider & has advised 6 Presidents re: HIV/AIDS, began advising the Trump Administration in January on #COVIDー19. Screen shots/link = statements by Dr. Fauci. Work credit: @daflea27  
Dr Fauci... On a much lighter note, thinks Brad Pitt should portray him... 
President Trump I think that it is time to open our country back up, the numbers that Fauci and his team put out are not real and the new information that  out does not justify our country being shut down any longer!
I’ll probably lose followers for saying this, but I’m willing to take a hit...people on here were defendingDr Fauci and the work he was doing. They also said if you badmouth him, you should unfollow! Curious to know what you think now? I don’t trust him! #FireFauci #Trump2020
With Mike Pence Watching, Dr. Fauci Praised the Dignity of the Gay Community  
Laura Ingraham Blasts Dr. Fauci: Does He Want ‘Criminal Penalties For Handshaking?’  …
I never believed it came from a bat... it came from globalists who were DESPERATE to stop @realDonaldTrump ... just listen to media and Dr gloom and Dr doom... THIS WAS A PLANNED ATTACK & Fauci is trying to keep economy locked thru election.. MAY HIS AGENDA BE BROUGHT TO LIGHT!!
Fauci is in cahoots with Bill Gates and the Clintons! Same with Birx!
Fauci Begs Pharma Companies to Speed Development of Anti-Narcissism Drug  … via @NewYorker
[WIKILEAKS EMAIL, DR. ANTHONY FAUCI] Forwarded @wikileaks email from senior adviser and counsel to @HillaryClinton campaign... Cheryl prefaced the email to Hillary with “from your doctor 
Fauci: US death toll "looks more like 60,000" than 100-200K estimate  
Fauci: We are days away from having validated antibody tests 
The WHO bears responsibility for helping DeepState & China spread the coronavirus beyond China’s borders to destroy our economy. What should have been a local outbreak became a worldwide pandemic as a result of the actions of the WHO and of course Dr DeepState Fauci praised them.  …
1/21/2020- Fauci Told Us There Was Nothing to Worry About #coronavirus, while Trump’s Trade Adviser Peter Navarro Warned of Coming Pandemic David Harris Jr  … 
Trump kknow all & he’s allowing them to expose themselves for the Evil they truly are... #TheMoreYouKnow The Dark Truth About Fauci and Birx, Bill Gates And Globalist Elites via  …
Gates funds WHO WHO covers for China Fauci defends WHO Connecting the dots yet?
Dr. Anthony Fauci: “At the same time as we’re seeing the increase in deaths, we’re seeing a rather dramatic decrease in the need for hospitalizations...That means that what we are doing is working and therefore we need to continue to do it.” 
“Data is real; model is hypothesis.” — Anthony Fauci.
Many questions surfacing on Bill Gates and his crusade to make vaccines mandatory, along with his ID2020 for every human on the planet. Combine that with his relationships with #Fauci and #Birx and - Listen in 8am ET  , Dr. @carolmswain will join me!
I am signing this petition to sincerely request the Trump Administration immediately indict and fire Dr. Anthony Fauci.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci's message for Americans: "Even though we're in a holiday season, now is no time to back off. As I say so often, now is the time to actually put your foot on the accelerator. Because we're going in the right direction. Let's keep in that direction" 
Good morning everyone except Corona mortality rate 'truthers' Fraud Fauci and Debbie Downer Birx! President Trump needs to use the phrase he made so popular years ago..."YOU'RE FIRED!!" #EndTheShutdown #OpenTheEconomy
Asked if  with the idea of the country opening up at the start of May, Dr. Fauci responds, "the virus kind of decides whether or not it's going to be appropriate to open or not. What we're seeing right now are some favorable signs"  
Dr. Anthony Fauci jokingly says "Brad Pitt, of course" should play him on "Saturday Night Live." 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says antibody tests are just days away: "The individuals responsible for both developing, validating and getting the tests out are saying ... within a period of a week or so, we're going to have a rather large number of tests that are available" 
My questions for Fauci and Birx  …
Last night Trump admitted there will not be widespread testing before he re opens the country. A top scientific panel warns the White House of the accuracy of the tests..one study found they missed 30% of positives. Source CNN Dr Fauci on opening the country on CNN this morning 
“We must continue to adhere to the mitigation strategies of physical separation,” Dr. Anthony Fauci says. “Because it is working... So even though we’re in a holiday season, now is no time to back off.”  
Yes, Dr. Fauci -and poor food and nutrition is the top cause of diabetes, CVD, obesity. We need national “Moonshot” expansion of research on food, nutrition, health, disparities. Plus Coordinated national policy strategy on food. Essential to our nation’s security. We can do this  …
Should the coronavirus pandemic mark the end of the American handshake? Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading expert on infectious diseases, thinks so. 
"What we're seeing right now are some favorable signs," Dr. Anthony Fauci says. "We're starting to see a flattening and a turning around. We would want to see... a clear indication that you are very, very clearly and strongly going in the right direction"  
Dr. Fauci is pushing VERY STRONGLY for the President to enforce a nationwide lockdown and that would absolutely crash what's left of the economy. I do not trust that doctor's intentions and there have been prophetic warnings that this doctor is being politically influenced 
But Dr Fauci says he doesn’t want herd immunity, he prefers mitigation via shutdown: “Roseland Hospital phlebotomist: 30% of those tested have coronavirus antibody”  …
FAUCI: Spreading is working. TRUMP: Yes, we got to get people WORKING again. FAUCI: But not too soon. TRUMP: We got to get them working SOON. FAUCI: Deaths may be going down. TRUMP: We gotta do this by MAY. FAUCI: We can't rush this. TRUMP: We should listen to RUSH Limbaugh.
So many of us remember how Dr Fauci stood w/the stigmatized, dying & desperate in those days. He was & remains a brilliant scientist & a beacon of reason & decency.  …
WTF is going on? White House officials recently threatened to withhold interviews to CNN with Dr. Deborah Birx and Dr. Anthony Fauci, the administration’s top pandemic experts, unless the network stops interrupting the lengthy briefing coverage to correct Trump’s lies.
Mark my words, Schiff will call Fauci to testify against @realDonaldTrump in his China virus hearing. This is just another  …
Rush Limbaugh Goes Off On Fauci Over Coronavirus Press Briefings  …
Speaking Of Conspiracies, Do We See A Pattern With The Keebler Cookie Elf (Dr Fauci) And All Of These Other Liberal Freedom Takers? The #Plandemic - Btw, May 22nd 2019 Dr Fauci Spoke Of (Social Distancing) In An Interview With A Reporter For The Carlyle Group. So It Is HIS Idea! 
Mark Levin on questions he wants to ask Drs. Anthony Fauci and Deborah Birx  …
I’ll listen to dr. Fauci, thanks.  …
Dr. Fauci does it Again! He gives a wave to CNN’s Jim Acosta, after his attack on POTUS at the presser.Earlier this week, ABC Jon Karl was caught saluting Dr. Fauci as he was leaving the stage. Fauci signaled back to Karl. After POTUS blasted Karl for being a Third Rate Reporter!
Gates, Fauci, Birx, WHO. (Hillary helped). HORRIBLE! #CrimesAgainstHumanity  …
ICYMI - Peter Navarro Explodes At Fauci In Heated Showdown Over Hydroxychloroquine 
Acosta caused this. CNN decided not to air the briefings because they couldn't edit the clips in real time to push fake news and fear-mongering. Good. Great move by Pence. BREAKING: Pence bars Fauci and Birx from appearing on CNN  … via @ThudNews
Sounds like @VP has awakened to the truth. Fauci & Birx are working for/with Gates to force every American into getting vaccinated & microchipped simultaneously. It explains why they're against any readily available potential safe cure... like hydroxychloroquine.
FRAUD........ Former @GOP Rep. Ron Paul calls on @realDonaldTrump to fire top Coronavirus Advisor Fauci because 'he's a FRAUD. Paul, a Doctor, has called the deadly flu-like virus 'a big hoax' 'They have to fire him by saying he's a fraud.'  …
Dr. Fauci, I'd like to some day meet you in person and shake your ha.... Oh.  …
Ron Paul calls on Trump to fire Fauci!  …
Former GOP Rep. Ron Paul calls on Trump to fire top coronavirus adivsor Fauci because 'he's a fraud, doesn't give good information and is trying to have total control over the people' ………... totally agree !!!!!! 
One of the BEST interviews w/a wealth of info exposing the truth about #vaccines, who Fauci & Brix really are, the UN’s Plan w/partners like @WHO > #Agenda2030 #sustainableLiving goals (17) & to achieve them, vaccines are a must. Dr. Shiva  …
Dr. Fauci needs to be investigated for advising the nation in January our country had nothing to worry about in regards to COVID19. Investigate why he goose stepped to the WHO Doctrine it was not contagious in early January! Fire Dr. Doom!  …
Which proves Fauci’s (dis)loyalty. . @WHO conspired with China  political and medical malpractice by not declaring an emergency until JAN 30, 2020. THE NEXT DAY . @realDonaldTrump restricted air travel from China and WHO & the Dems criticized him for it.
I said this the other day, but in Navy terms, Fauci is a staff officer. He can never  yet he has been given prominence on Pence’s task force. He needs to be quickly “right sized” and removed from the spotlight. Birx is not much better. Both are classic swamp.
Dr. Fauci: Fake News Never Had a Better Friend. 
Australia's deputy chief medical officer, Paul Kelly, says there is no cure for coronavirus and it is ILLEGAL to talk about such cures. No doubt he is connected with Fauci, WHO, etc. The Deep State at work in Australia.  …
Fauci dismisses 'conspiracy theory' of overstated US Covid-19 death toll  …
ALL AMERICANS MUST LISTEN to THIS VIDEO Dr. Shiva EXPLAINS HOW, CORRUPT Fauci, Birx, Gates, Clinton’s are AND HOW THEY are TRYING to DUPE TOU &WHY!! #Control #Vaccines @WhiteHouse , @realDonaldTrump , @POTUS , @RealCandaceO , @Beer_Parade , @ericbolling ,  …
"We've got to continue in many respects to redouble our efforts at the mitigation of physical separation in order to keep those numbers down and hopefully even get them lower than what you've heard recently." - Dr. Fauci  … #BeTheChange4USA #coronavirus
..."Trust the plan," or, "Trump's got this," or Patriots are in control." It is simply not enough. Does Trump know the depths of Birx and Fauci's corruption, and the role the MSM plays with Fauci when he's not in the room? Do you think that everything is just simply going...
DR. FAUCK-CHI #Fauci #FauciFraud and #DeborahBirx RELIED ON USELESS WORTHLESS SHÏT- #science MODELS THAT WERE DEAD WRONG ON DEATHS HOSPITAL BEDS VENTILATORS TO SHUT DOWN OUR COUNTY @realDonaldTrump IT'S TIME TO GIVE THEM THE #TurnOurEconomyBackOn
Fauci starting to look like a plant. Every single prediction has been wrong. He is using a bunch of liberal models that turn out to be crap. Now this. Enough.
Our entire insurance industry is built on the idea it isn't safe out there. Now Fauci says we must continue surrendering our freedom until we are 100% safe from COVID-19?
Dr Fauci actually went on the record claiming there are ZERO misclassifications of COVID-19 deaths by hospitals. He said any claims to the contrary were "conspiracy theories."
Great points. Yet, Dr. Fauci wants us to continue the shut-down until AFTER a vaccine has been produced.  …
How in the hell did Fauci and Birx get to the position they are in? They're Dem sympathizers advising the president at this time and are trying to take @realdonaldtrump and the country with him. They are doctors who don't give a rat's ass about human life, only an  …
He's the most dangerous malignant narcissist in America. Thousands have died, hundreds of thousands more have been infected with a deadly virus, and all he cares about are the ratings for his daily circle jerk, even though the only reason most watch is to hear from Dr. Fauci.  …
>> I don't know the significance, yet I think DJT fully understands which side Fauci is on. Listen to this doctor who has 30yrs experience filling out death certificates & realize how biased CV19 counting really is. Scary!!!  …
Vaccine Racket Unwinds as Officials’ E-mails Leak and Plotkin and Fauci Both Caught Perjuring Themselves They never thought thet would ever be called out  …
The truth and how much #WeThePeople will never know! This is the tip of the iceberg and #Fauci has known and profited for decades. @realDonaldTrump @OANN @EmeraldRobinson @JackPosobiec Dr. Judy Mikovits exposes the dangers of vacc...  via 
Okay. Fauci praises WHO'S Tedros, and POTUS purposefully pulled on his jacket. That's a signal of some kind. Anybody know?  …
Like a zit that needs to be popped #FesteringCarbunkleFauci #Fauci #FauciFraud #PassHimOver 
Put this country back to work. You know Fauci Birx WHO are all lying to you. And the CDC! Stop this madness!!!
Here’s a photo of Gates’ father in a group with George Soros and.... Dr Fauci. They can’t write this stuff. The Gates family has been pulling the puppet strings for decades. @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @EpochTimes @BeeNewsDaily #arrestbillgates #BillGates 
“At the same time as we’re seeing the increase in deaths, we’re seeing a rather dramatic decrease in the need for hospitalizations,” Dr. Anthony Fauci says. “That means that what we are doing is working and therefore we need to continue to do it.”  
That's a LIE! The sources were NOT debunked. And here's another QUID PRO QUO by Trump to strong-arm the free press into airing his coronavirus/campaign rally briefings. CLAMPDOWN: Trump's Politburo Bars Dr. Fauci and Others From Appearing on CNN 
Dr. Fauci is pushing the President to enforce a nationwide lockdown which would absolutely crash what's left of the economy. Using the coronavirus to sabotage his presidency before reelection...don’t trust this guy 
"may" Bill and Fauci are starting to realize that people are not buying a long-term Shutdown when people are getting better with their arch nemesis Hydroxychloroquine, so they are in bargaining mode.  …
Agolf's alternative "facts" checked by Dr. Fauci: 
With the ties that Fauci has, it  as no surprise that he, also, supports mandatory vaccinations. No freaking way...  …
@realDonaldTrump #Fauci & #Birx direction & models were made to Pin you in a corner. We know @BillGates & #China Unleashed this Man made Virus.pushing you into flatlining our economy & pave way for #Biden & @HouseDemocrats to push us into a #NWO Open Our Economy now or we lose
Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Dr. Fauci, Says Some Are Trying “To Have Total Control Over The People” I AM GOOD WITH IT!!!!  …
I think it's time Trump starts fading out Dr Fauci and scarf lady. Give them something to do during the Covid Briefing
If Dr. Fauci, mayors, news anchors want to know what’s causing #COVIDー19 to ravage Black, brown,  they MUST talk with the #EnvironmentalJustice organizers and advocates that have been fighting structural racism since the 1980s.  … 5/ @MSNBC
This report goes back to 2016....Fauci and NIH need their budgets cut-same as WHO. No wonder POTUS doesn’t want to fund these groups. Rip offs  
Wow, Anthony Fauci had the very respected and  medical researcher, Dr. Judy Mikovits ARRESTED for investigating cryptid viruses 
Dr. Fauci, feel free to speak your mind to Donald Trump. The whole country supports you and  leadership. 
Dr Fauci & Brix pushed fraudulent COVID19 numbers on the American people % They pushed @WHO, @UN, China & @BillGates US ‘models’ for their ‘destroy America’ agenda. 3/29 - $2.2 MILLION DEATHS 3/31 - 200,000 DEATHS 4/7 - 60,000 DEATHS Actual US Deaths To Date: 
Bill the Shill hasn’t talked to the President but talks to Fauci and trusts China! 
The only people who should be going live on Instagram are drag queens and Dr. Fauci.
THIS is all you know about Dr. Fauci...he said...”The W.H.O. Health boss 'is really an outstanding person' and has done 'very well' on #coronavirus!” That statement alone has totally DESTROYED any remaining credibility Fauci has. #UNexit  …
He Did It Again! Dr. Fauci Gives a Wave to CNN's Jim Acosta After His Attacks on Trump at White House Presser (VIDEO)  …
Fauci lied, Deep Staters lied, Dems lied, and the media lied. It’s time for @realDonaldTrump to get the nation back to normal.
The question is: What has Fauci been right about?
Long past time for @realDonaldTrump and @Mike_Pence to bench Fauci. He botched the predictions, threw the nation into chaos, downplayed HCQ’s efficacy, and is now praising the WHO on MSNBC. The man’s priorities are his benefactors, cronies, and ego.
Fauci says world may never return back to normal after coronavirus outbreak 
DR #FAUCI & HIS BIG #PHARMA BUDDIES #DONT WANT A #CURE FOR #COVID19 ! THEY #WANT A VACCINE! THEY WONT MAKE ANY #MONEY ON AN OLDER #GENERIC DRUG LIKE #HYDROXYCHLORIQUINE BUT THEY’LL MAKE #MILLIONS ON A #VACCINE! THAT IS #WHY THEYRE #LETTING PEOPLE  …
IMPORTANT! Did Fauci & Birx do it on purpose? To cover up their mistakes with modeling? To make Trump look bad? Horowitz: Dr. Birx: 'We’ve taken a very liberal approach to mortality'  … via @RMConservative
Dr. Anthony Fauci Changes Trump’s Twitter Password  … via @NewYorker
76. News: Former GOP Senator Dr Ron Paul urges President Trump to FIRE DR FAUCI BECAUSE 'HE'S A FRAUD & is Trying to Have Total Control Over Americans'  … #Trump #News #ShareTheNews #CoronaVirus
20 mins ago this hat 200+ RTs ... now it has 67 -- Twitter must use the same math as Birx & Fauci & Redfield  …
Before Dr. Fauci was cut down to a few seconds, he said the next wave hits in the fall.
Fauci says coronavirus hospitalizations are dropping because social distancing is working  …
Good for CNN. These campaign rallies aren’t really press conferences anyway. Anything of note in them is contained in the brief remarks Trump lets Fauci make. Trump just drones on with lie after lie. It’s a pathetic performance that can only hurt those taken in by it.  …
Obama Expert says it could be 18 months before church services resume! Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel(who is advising Biden on CoronaVirus)predicts we won’t be able to resume Church services for 1 1/2 yrs! Dr Fauci says we should NEVER shake hands again! POLICE STATE  …
Fauci Gently Tells Trump Why He Can’t Hold Parade to Celebrate Great Job He Is Doing  …
Fauci Begs Pharma Companies to Speed Development of Anti-Narcissism Drug  …
I agree. ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @WhiteHouse⁩ - it’s not your ‘fault’.You listened to ⁦ @CDCgov⁩ ⁦ @NIH⁩ #Fauci #Birx, no doubt high infection  needed protect, but this BROKE #Americans no  …
I’ve been trying to be fair with #Fauci and wait for the numbers to prove to him he was wrong! But we now see, even with numbers from around the globe, he’s refusing to accept FACTS, so he is a bad man just like most of y’all knew! He’s got to go!
We are less than one hour away from making #FireFauci Friday to go trending! And loser Fauci- please take the nose sniffingly pathetic scarf wearing Always lying Dr Scarf Birx with you Both of you are EVIL!!
OH, REALLY?! Color me faux-shocked. ANYONE who thinks that Fauxi, er, Fauci has the nation’s best interests at heart needs a severe jolt of reality. Here you go, just in case you weren’t certain.  …
Rush Limbaugh ‘calling BS’ after social distancing credited with slashing projected COVID-19 deaths  … @washtimes Rush, as usual, was right. The numbers MAY be inflated; not all these deaths CAUSED by C-virus. Fauci’s early models ANTICIPATED distancing.
Dr Fauci says we should never shake hands again and I am 100% here for everyone bowing to me forever
Fauci gonna be first one unsealed while he is standing next to POTUS on live TV? D'oh!  …
Americans would be smart to carry some lessons with them into the future after the nation’s coronavirus crisis is over, according to Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
France has been using it and people are recovering, but we have these idiots like fauci, the w.h.o., demonrats who hoard these medicines, DO YOU THINK THEY CARE ABOUT YOU? 
Dr. Fauci says we have to break the custom of shaking hands even after Covid-19. What do you think?  …
The fact that Dr. Anthony Fauci must stand by and let Trump spout dangerous misinformation shows how Trump’s purges have intimidated the remaining professionals inside the government, writes James Risen. 
The few who said it was just a cold are yelling the loudest about Fauci and incorrect/changing models. Don’t be duped, they’re doing that to deflect from how wrong they were. Such people think you all are idiots. Models change as new info is put into them.  …
I don't like Fauci either... Ron Paul wants to fire Fauci because 'he wants control over people' 
When does Fauci have time to do any real work. He’s on tv more than the President. Get rid of him. He’s just a bureaucrat looking for tv time and an ego massage.
Vice President Pence prohibits Dr Fauci from appearing on @CNN because they refuse to broadcast President Trump’s Press Conferences. Awesome!
Doting letters, donations raise eyebrows over Dr. Fauci’s devotion to Hillary Clinton  …
CONSIDER OUR STABLE GENIUS: He has CDC, FAUCI, WHO, BIRX, GATES up front. ALL DS puppets. Spewing their doom/gloom. POTUS is not listening to any of them. And everything POTUS says is proven right!
He's a member of the Presidential Task Force. He gets to speak to all of the media on a daily basis. He was told not to go to CNN because CNN is NOT covering the Press Briefings. If Fauci wants to run around to all these shows, I think he needs to leave the team. Pick one.
He's about to let Fauci and Birx both take the heat for their bad calls and shutdown. They ...are. gone. I think he needed the American people to see exactly what we're up against. Seeing is believing. Vote November!!! Trump2020
We need to clean house. Let's sweep out WHO, CDC, Gates, Soros, Birx & Fauci!!!
Fauci must be fired.  …
"Pence bars top health experts Fauci and Birx from appearing on CNN, the network says"  …
Due to the destruction that this has caused, I contend that Dr. Fauci will be named Time Magazine’s ‘Person of The Year’.
Whoever suggested Fauci to Trump should be fired
Iv'e had my doubts with Fauci and Burke now Iv'e had enough with them. Turn over a new rock and see who crawls out from under our Bureaucracy.
The WHO did nothing accept steal money. Fauci is  a joke at this point. Hes been wrong more then right.
The president needs to replace Fauci and go full speed on Hydroxychloroquine. NOW!!
Pence told Fauci no more CNN, so Fauci runs to MSNBC and praises the head of the WHO.
Fauci is wrong & deep state lefty! Not to be trusted!!!  …
Brian Kemp waited until April 2 to issue a stay-at-home order in Georgia, in part, he said, because he had only just learned that asymptomatic carriers of the virus could transmit it. Dr. Anthony Fauci warned about asymptomatic transmission in January. 
Trump knows what is up with Fauci now, no question about it. Peter Navarro confronted Fauci in a White House meeting and dropped Chloroquine evidence. Trump stopped Fauci from answering that question. This is a tense conflict. Trump is trying to save us  …
Doting letters, donations raise eyebrows over Dr. Fauci's devotion to Hillary Clinton  …
Sorry @realDonaldTrump enough is enough. You played CDC’s & Fauci’s game long enough. How many positive stories do we need to hear about the benefits of #HydroxychloroquineCures before it’s green lighted? Fauci is working with #FakeNews media to work against you. You’re @POTUS
I can take a pretty good damn guess: Birx and Fauci. We Want Names! President Trump Says "Two Very Smart People" Came into His Office and Urged Him to Lock Down Economy or 2.2 Million Americans Would Die  …
Fauci is a snake in the grass Fauci needs to go @realDonaldTrump
But Gates and his stooge Fauci want to create a vaccine, which incorporates the virus, and shoot it into everyone in the world.  sense will prevail and that they will be stopped from their insane quest to inject their poison into all humanity.  …
Dr. Fauci says schools could open in the fall. Redfield says if you test positive & wear a mask all day, you can go back to work now. One man is an independent scientific thinker. The other is a presidential* patsy touting the killer party line. What happened to Dr. Messonnier?
Half the doctors in America are treating COVID patients with the malaria drug with success while media and Doc Fauci reject it. Honestly the left would rather see people die than admit @POTUS is right.
Channeled my inner Fauci for the local news - health disparities are an important piece of the #COVID19 puzzle, just as much as virus biology and  …
Fauci: Don’t assume coronavirus will slow down in warm weather  By 
WATCH: Fauci Dismisses ‘Conspiracy Theories’ About ‘Inflated’ COVID-19 Death Toll  
Dr. Fauci: Americans should never shake hands again, even after the coronavirus crisis is over 
Now this makes me a bit suspicious ... as I like Dr. Fauci, I think he’s creating a trust issue by defending WHO Boss’ inconsistency and mishandling of the coronavirus  …
It's amazing that almost no one who bad-mouths Dr. Fauci has any clue what his job is. Dr. Fauci does not approve drugs. Dr. Fauci does not manage logistics for pandemics. Dr. Fauci is not responsible for sounding the alarm on epidemics. Dr. Fauci is a researcher -- a lab coat.
Mike Pence reverses ban on Tony Fauci going on CNN 
What percentage of your family and friends actually believes anything said by the CDC, Dr. Fauci, Dr.Birx, the Gates Foundation, or WHO at this point?
Tedros is a swamp rat and so is Fauci!
Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Dr. Fauci, Says Some Are Trying ‘To Have Total Control Over The People’ I do not always agree with Congressman Paul but he is right on the money in this instance. Fauci is a deep state puppet! Fire him.  …
[VIDEO] Dr. Fauci Goes Against Trump And Says WHO Organization Has Done "Very Well" On Corona Virus Respone This little dork must have forgot he works for the American people! We are not paying him to be a damn TV star or to spout Chinese propaganda!  …
Dr. Fauci said we should never shake hands again... ...are you ok with that?
Fauci: We’re On Track For More ‘Normal’ Summer; Mnuchin: Likely To Begin ‘Reopening’ In May  
Dr. Fauci saying “I don't think we should ever shake hands ever again, to be honest with you” brings formal closure to an entire category of bad business stock photography.
I’m glad PR flak Marc Short knows more about epidemiology than Anthony Fauci. If Trump is so sure everything’s safe, tell him to pull the coronavirus testing machine out of the White House and go back on tour.  …
Fauci is working with China.  …
Is it just me or do Fauci and Birx relish the fact the country is shutdown and they love it?
Fauci now lowering estimates from 2M to 200,000 to now 60,000...which is about the same exact number as seasonal influenza.  …
Tomorrow is #FireFauci Friday Fauci is a #DeepState Hack Undermining our President & trying to destroy our Economy. He’s never been elected to anything and lives off Taxpayerss $$. Let’s get #FireFauci trending tomorrow on #FireFauci Friday!! R/T  …
Laura Ingraham Blasts Fauci: Does He Want ‘Criminal Penalties For Handshaking?’  …
. @jsolomonReports @SaraCarterDC BREAKING: Shocking Image Surfaces of Dr. Fauci with George Soros, Bill Gates Sr., David Rockefeller & More  …
When is Trump going to make the decision to open this country! He's been fed inorrect information from the "medical team" ie Fauci & Brix. They worked off faulty "models".Numbers overblown. We can't wait 4 Fauci to give us the to get America back!
This video of an incredible Michigan nurse shows how easy it is for #COVID19 cross-contamination to happen, and why it’s critical that we cease non-essential trips. As Dr. Fauci said, now is not the time to pull back at all, it’s the time to intensify. 
The CDC Confesses Lying About Death Numbers  to the podium each day to warn us of something based upon models. Global warming is based upon models too This sorry episode has revealed in the worst possible light who the sheep are. They can bleat among themselves.
Dr. Anthony Fauci said Thursday that, despite the devastating death toll from COVID-19 this week, there are “some glimmers of hope” 
Rush Limbaugh Accuses Dr. Fauci of Being a ‘Clinton Sympathizer’ Who is Conspiring to ‘Get Rid’ of Trump 
Dr. Fauci Praises the “Courage and Dignity” of the Gay Community Next to Mike Pence | them.  …
An emotional new video from @RealDoctorMike has more than 100 physicians — including Dr. Anthony Fauci — getting real about what it’s like on the front lines of the coronavirus pandemic. 
If the WHO/Bill Gates foundation goes down, then they all go down. WHO has been using AIDS/HIV to collapse cities, take children and poison us. Furthermore, they also were getting billions in taxes. Its all a scam and Fauci has patents. Knowingly!  …
Let me offer different perspective. Let’s say Fauci etc were right & 2M Americans could have died. In that case, pat yourself on the back America. Social distancing worked. Not by duress. Voluntarily. And @realDonaldTrump & @Mike_Pence led the effort & Saved 2M lives. Also that.
If we aren't careful Dr. Fauci is going to do a better job at "fundamentally transforming" the United States of America than Obama ever dreamed of.
Is Dr. Fauci the BIGGEST FRAUD in America?
The media are positioning Dr. Fauci to be the tip of their spear when President @realDonaldTrump decides to open the economy. Fauci will kick up a political stink; might even quit; and will  with a book deal (money laundering) for his efforts. 
Power Rankings of Non-Media Doctors You Should Listen To: 1) Dr. Anthony Fauci (GOAT) 2) @DrTomFrieden (former CDC head) 3) @DrNancyM_CDC (silenced by Trump after she was honest with the public) 4) Dr. Anne Schuchat (CDC) (Barely made available to public) 5) Dr @Craig_A_Spencer
Fauci: I don't think we should shake hands "ever again"  
Fauci claims "there is absolutely NO EVIDENCE Covid-19 death totals are being artificially inflated!" Really, NO evidence? 
"Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, personally urged Mr. Trump at the start of the crisis to let Drs. Fauci and Birx be the face of the response, according to a Republican official familiar with their conversation."  …
Who do you trust? Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates OR The dumbest POTUS in history  …
Fire this absolute dumbass. He Did It Again! Dr. Fauci Gives a Wave to CNN's Jim Acosta After His Attacks on Trump at White House Presser (VIDEO)  …
It would be a great service if the best journalists with the best questions —say @brithume @AndrewCMcCarthy and @AlexBerenson — could sit across from Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci for an hour or two and simply have the conversation in person that is going on disjointedly on Twitter.
But the questions raised by @AndrewCMcCarthy and others like @AlexBerenson, @brithume and serious journalists are not conspiracy theories but questions, and they could be —should be— posed of Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx. There was lots of good news in today’s briefing. 4
Dr. Redfield on CNN now. The CDC has some respected figures, like @DrNancyM_CDC. Dr. Redfield is not one of them. Wish more media would say which doctors are respected and which ones aren't as much. Basically, Dr. Fauci (NIH) is the GOAT.
Things that make you go hmmm...I sure hope @realDonaldTrump is aware of this cozy relationship between @HillaryClinton and #AnthonyFauci. I don't trust him. Do you? Doting letters, donations raise eyebrows over Dr. Fauci’s devotion to Hillary Clinton  …
People ask, so I'll reiterate this. Yes, I do trust Trump, but... I don't trust local politicians. I don't trust governors. I don't trust Dr Fauci. I don't trust congress. I don't trust the media. I don't trust ANYONE in DC. Asking questions is okay. In fact, it's patriotic.
Fauci will say it was Covid19 because the models said so.  …
Imagine saying Tony Fauci is "not even a real doctor." The damage Fox News conspiracy theories have done to America....
Guess what? People suspected of being infected WERE DETAINED. On January 26, Fauci said that Americans had nothing to fear from COVID-19. On January 31, Trump ordered travel restrictions on China.
We live in an era in which too many people have nonfunctional brains. You think Trump WANTED the economic shutdown? It could've cost him his reelection. Trump ignored Fauci, the CDC, and WHO long before they finally admitted that we had a problem.
I first interviewed Dr. Fauci 30yrs ago when he was director of NIAID at @NIH, as he still is. Fauci is one of the world's leading infectious disease specialists & immunologists. He has won countless awards for his brilliant work. Your invented narrative is entirely false.  …
Showed your true colors today Doctor Fauci. It’s obvious who you support. It doesn’t surprise me at all. WHO does nothing to serve the Best interest of the United States. We give them millions of dollars and then they spit in our face.
Does Trump know about Dr. Fauci? He knows. No coincidence Fauci and Dr. Peter Navarro got into a dispute the other day. Reminder: Navarro is the national Defense Production Act policy coordinator. 2018 - Navarro blasts Globalists for selling out US 
"Hillary Clinton sympathizer." Rush accuses Dr. Fauci of deliberately undercutting @realdonaldtrump, claiming his ultimate goal is to "get rid of Donald 
@realDonaldTrump needs to FIRE: Tedros Adhanom Francis Collins Robert Redfield Anthony Fauci Jerome Adams & REPLACE them with: Christine Benn, WHO Director John Ioannidis, NIH Director Robert Kennedy Jr., CDC Director Paul Thomas, NIAID Director Charles Penick, Surgeon General
WATCH: Dr. Fauci responds to a question about whether there is any 'medical criteria' to re-open the government. "We have a very large country with very different patterns of disease and outbreaks in different parts of the country, so it's not gonna be one size fits all." 
Fauci gives a wave to Jim Acosta. Again he lets everybody go and then waves to his buddy. I'm sick of Fauci. Time to let him go. 
I don't know about you but I can't listen to Fauci. In fact, I don't want to hear any more about models. I want to hear when we are are going back to work. When we are going to go back to life. When we are going to stop being told what to do. That's what I want to hear.
Former Rep. Ron Paul Calls On Trump To Fire Dr. Fauci, Says Some Are Trying ‘To Have Total Control Over The People’  …
Dr. Fauci is the Alexander Vindman of NIH.  …
Did I hear CNN didn’t air the Trump Coronavirus Press Briefing and now Pence won’t let Birx or Fauci appear on CNN???
FIRE FAUCI! THISTINY ARROGANT PUKE THINKS HE’S IN CHARGE. ”World Health Organization boss 'really an outstanding person' done 'very well' on coronavirus”. ON NATIONAL TV HE OPENLY DISSED TRUMP & I THINK ON PURPOSE TO MAKE HIM APPEAR INCOMPETENT.  …
Dr Fauci said in the very beginning, if you do this right, people will think you overreacted
Just in case you had any questions about where Dr. Fauci's loyalties lie, check out his shining endorsement of the corrupt, 2-bit, 3rd rate director of the WHO. 
Fauci: World Health Organization boss 'really an outstanding person' done 'very well' on coronavirus  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci said the U.S. death toll from the coronavirus is now projected to be around 60,000 people, which is lower than initially projected, due to Americans practicing social distancing and other safety measures. 
What I really like about Dr. Fauci is that his sentences usually have one subject and one verb. He doesn't begin talking about covid19 and then introduce his family history, ships with oil in the Atlantic, or conversations that have no relevance to covid19. Simple = truth.
Dr. Fauci - Freemason traitor 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says we should never shake hands again, even when this pandemic is over. What about the friendly hug? How many are okay with this? Call me weird, but this blew me away! That means no socializing at all, ever. No face to face human interaction. 
Dr. Fauci: We should have Federal regulations that close down every State. Dr. Fauci: You can’t open every State at the same time they’re each different. 
“We have a very large country with really different patterns of disease and outbreaks in different parts of the country, so it’s not going to be a one size fits all,” Dr. Anthony Fauci says when asked about criteria for reopening the U.S. economy.  
Did you catch Fauci waving to Acosta? Why is he not even hiding it anymore? 
Dear @realDonaldTrump, Please stop listening to the Chinese puppets dr. Fauci and dr. Brix on when to open up our country! They don't run the show, you do! We voted for you to be in control not  doctors! So do what you do best... We trust you!
