What’s with the hand signals Fauci? . @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @RudyGiuliani @Scavino45 @dbongino @GOP  …
Live updates: Confirmed coronavirus cases top 300,000 in U.S. as Fauci stresses social distancing is ‘our most important tool’  …
You guys are amazingly awesome. And yes, there are a million songs that fit without changing the title, but we're playing by creating new ones. You so rock. #covidmusic. WuHan a Man Loves a Woman. Airway to Heaven. Fauci Loves You yeah yeah yeah.
Hydroxychloroquine is ruining Dr. Fauci's plan with Bill Gates to keep this shutdown going for as long as possible. They won't make money on affordable hydroxychloroquine, but they will make money on a vaccine.
Fauci may remain part of this for optic reasons, but President Trump is in charge, and you can just tell that he knows what’s up.
Just heard we have nearly 30 million doses here ready to save lives. Use it!FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-19 by Global Survey of Doctors  … via @gatewaypundit
So Dr. Fauci sits on the Leadership Council of the Gates Foundation. Link:  … 
Who needs Dr.Fauci,Mask or Z-packs? This got has it all 
Italy Finally Starts Mass Treatment with Hydroxychloroquine Fauci will probably go on CNN and imply that it kills kittens. Long past time for ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ to bench  …
We are SO lucky in MN. Thank you ⁦ @MDHCommMalcolm⁩. At the head of state Health Department, Jan Malcolm is 'Minnesota's Dr. Fauci' | Star Tribune  …
Dr. Fauci went one step further and said: There is NO Definitive evidence on Lupus patients on Plaquenil/Hydroxychloroquine being a preventative. I'm horrified as a patient w/Lupus on Plaquenil. This is such a nightmare to think about anyone BELIEVING Trump. People will die.
On March 9, dear old Dr. Fauci said: “If you are a healthy young person, if you want to go on a cruise ship, go on a cruise ship.” In a sane world, this quote would be remembered as if he’d talked about “the blacks,” or addressed a journalist as “honey.”
I recently learned that Dr. Fauci was a student of my father in law at NY Hospital. He said he was easily the smartest student he ever had. The world is lucky to have him on this. Now we need to listen.  …
Really is time for @realDonaldTrump to make a change and replace Fauci. Fauci cares far more about his ego and legacy, and Bill Gates’ pharma investments, than he does about the devastation he’s leveling on this nation.
The President was Right.The Enemy Within!! Clinton Foundation Friend!!FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-19 by Global Survey of Doctors  … via @gatewaypundit
Trump has RETAINED Fauci and Dr. Birx as his advisors because they are THE BEST IN THE FIELD. But Trump is BETTER at making decisions. Everything you're hearing about a slow response is a LIE. Trump was AHEAD OF THE CURVE the whole time.
Trump had already placed travel restrictions on China TWELVE DAYS EARLIER. And Trump again IGNORED Fauci's advice. Remember, the travel restrictions went into place FIVE DAYS after Fauci said we had nothing to worry about.
So Trump IGNORED the bad advice he was getting and instead followed his instincts. Again, FAUCI IS A BRILLIANT AND SKILLED SCIENTIST. But Trump is easily one of the smartest people who every lived.
Dr. Fauci shuts down "Fox & Friends" on coronavirus cure. “We don’t operate on how you feel. We operate on what evidence is, and data is,” said Dr. Fauci. 
Is Fauci the guy who suggested AIDS VICTUMS TAKE AZT? maybe Fauci is being extra cautious because of his past jump to judgement ? does big Pharma have a horse in this race ?  …
Re: Dr. Fauci I've read extensively on his support of both Hillary & Gates. Yet, he continues as a lauded Dr., faithful to our President? Is this 1,000,000 D chess? IDFK, do you????? 
 salutes Dr. Anthony Fauci with kitschy prayer candle. 
Trump has yet to issue a national #StayAtHome order or even ask the GOP governors claiming they know more than Dr. Fauci to shut down their states because as he said he has "seen no outbreaks there." IT'S A  …
Coverage should be restricted to Drs. Fauci and Birx. The political hacks do not deserve the people's airwaves. They sole mission is to re-write Trump's failures as brilliant successes. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Fauci: ‘I Don’t Understand’ Why All States Are Not Under Stay-At-Home Orders  
Amazing Polly (Citizen Journalist) Has connected the dots and not just Fauci but also Dr. Birx & WHO Watch her YouTube. Additional dots connected in short thread  …
Fauci is a political partisan Hack who wants to destroy the economy so Trump won’t be re-elected !
When Trump was calling Bloomberg “mini Mike” & making fun of his height, Dr. Fauci was listening.
If Trump doesn't soon get rid of the fearmongering Fauci and Birx and listen to other scientists with different views, then you should assume he's all okay with all of us being locked down and the economy crashing making millions dependent on government. Actions speak.
Dr. Shiva has been shouting this DAILY - calling for the indictment/firing of Dr. Fauci. He speaks of the HIV/AIDS scam - he talks about it ALL, but he doesn't have the PEPFAR/Dr. Birx dots. Tagging, hopeful he reads & sees your videos - we need a coalition. @va_shiva
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO AT BOTTOM)  …
Dr. Fauci IS NOT GOD. We can get someone else to take his place.
This article clearly gives the false impression that Commissioner Jan Malcolm is a physician like Dr. Anthony Fauci. Malcolm is not an MD like Fauci - a glaring omission from this article and a critical distinction for the public to know. 
When said scientists keep moving the bar one begins to question their motives. This is particularly true when now Fauci is saying stay away from grocery stores and Birx is on the board for Bill Gates' vaccine initiative. Something stinks.
Yeah..What is even more suspicious is that the Democrats & media never go after Dr. Fauci. They will target Trump & other members of the Task force but not Fauci. Wonder why?
Good catch. It’s the “hidden hand.” (Masonic symbol/message) Fauci and Birx are on very short leashes. Keep your friends close and you enemies closer. Why? Enemy thinks it is in control, but it really is not in control. (The Art of War - Feign weakness when you are strong)
Dr. Anthony Fauci explains that we will see a lot of deaths from coronavirus in  week, but he will be looking closely at new cases to see if social distancing is working to slow down the spread of the disease. 
Man, that is the kind of speech that takes your breath away. Dr Fauci & our amazing Warriors in NY. 
“We need a nationwide lockdown, immediately.” ~ Dr. Fauci
On January 26, this is what Fauci said about COVID-19.
COME ON Dr. Fauci!? What's the holdup on Hydroxychloroquine??  …
On January 17, BEFORE Fauci said that COVID-19 was not a major threat to the US, Trump ordered the CDC and Homeland Security to begin screening travelers from China at major US airports.
Fauci was anti-travel ban until late Jan. When he changed his mind, Trump was smart enough to shut China down. Courage. leadership.
All of your Dr. Fauci worship is honestly fucked. I'm really sorry, but the fact that he occasionally stands up and says something not garbage or anchored in fact is just. not. adequate. It isn't. This isn't what bravery looks like.
Which is why @realDonaldTrump and NOT Dr. Fauci, is POTUS. Dr. Fauci's expertise may be infectious diseases, but he clearly shouldn't be making decisions that have seismic impacts on our economy and every day Americans' lives! #COVID19 #LeadRight  …
There’s A Storm Coming & Dr Anthony Fauci Director Of The National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases Since 1984 Is Trying To Stop It You Can Tell By His Wording & His Expression As He Steps Aside It’s Trump Bringing The Storm 
Iowans: Please consider physicial distancing even if your governor says you don't have to listen to Dr. Fauci; numbers are in and it is working:  …
Fauci is the only guy in the whole fucking world that doesn’t think this stuff works! At what point do we question his motives? It’s against all logic  sense.  …
NIH's Anthony Fauci considers the absence of infectious pathogens like Zika and SARS a "stumbling block" for the development of certain vaccines. Think about that for a moment.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci on “Fox & Friends” on Friday: “That was not a very robust study. ... We don’t operate on how you feel. We operate on what evidence is, and data is.”  …
#Covid_19 Dr. Fauci honors first responders, calls on public to applaud the 'brave warriors'  …
Dr Fauci, is in a tangled dark web  …
Fauci: Don't Assume Chloroquine is a 'Knockout Drug'; Vaccine is 'Ultimate Game Changer'  From what I understand HydroxyChloroquine has been 100% effective - correct me if I’m wrong. This seems to me that we’re about to expose the vaccine industry
2/ One doctor also said, “when you’re in a war you don’t block the use of effective ammunition. Fauci is doing every patient a disservice.” Lastly, more doctors than will publicly admit find Birx and Fauci’s deference to Bill Gates extremely weird and inappropriate.
1/ Doctors I speak to are baffled by Fauci’s resistance to and condemnation of Hydroxycloroquine. They explain that the main reason for clinical trials is safety, but Hydroxycloroquine is long approved and has been taken safely by about 100 million people over decades.
Whether it's Mike Pence, Jared Kushner or the My Pillow Guy does it really matter anymore who is in charge of the pandemic at the federal level? The virus is already everywhere and the states are left to fend for themselves. As long as Fauci is still involved I don't care.
I'm social distancing myself from believing anything  out of Dr. Fauci's mouth.
Really wish Dr Fauci would lay down the law in front of the media right there and tell Trump to shut the fuck up when  to giving medical advice and what needs to be done to deal with the virus.  …
Dr Shiva has a very troubling red pill y’all need to take. Dr Fauci is owned, deep state player and @realDonaldTrump needs to get rid of this evil  …
Thank you, Dr. Shanmugam. Please encourage Dr. Fauci to speak out. We would LOVE a cure for everyone. But as a patient with Lupus on Plaquenil, I know the risk benefits, having been on it for almost six years.
WOW! Dr. Fauci Cheered Hydroxychloroquine Success Treating MERS Coronavirus in 2013... But Today He's Skeptical... That's Weird?  … via @gatewaypundit
I’m assuming he said this because of statistics? We do get outbreaks so I don't think this is an Alarming prediction. In January 2017, Dr. Anthony Fauci predicted a serious pandemic during U.S. President Donald Trump's tenure in office.  …
Fauci is the only person at these press conferences whose words I will retweet.  …
"I think that’s what we should do when we see health care workers, just applaud them." — Dr. Fauci called on the American public to salute first responders on the front  the coronavirus.  …
"The professionals did the models, I was never involved in a model ... at least this kind of model." Fire Fauci Now @Redheaded_Jenn @MaybeAmes @LVNancy 
From 2015 interview, Dr. Anthony Fauci: "My number one concern...is the idea of emerging & re-emerging infections that we haven't been exposed to before that's spread by a respiratory route. So pandemic influenza that's really serious is something that bothers me & worries me..." 
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO) Trump will be challenged by a surprise disease. Odd that Dr Fauci would make   …
 … Fauci Responds To Grilling By Fox & Friends On Unproven ...
Nichole Francis Reynolds was out with her children when they saw Dr. Anthony Fauci. Her son asked if they could take a picture together, Fauci said yes but they had to adhere to social distancing. The result? A "Social Distancing Selfie."  
Sorry to people who worship Fauci, but there was no excuse for this. Fauci doesn't tell the truth, he tells the politically convenient truth.  …
Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates= deep state corona swamp.  …
March 9th WH Press Briefing: Q. Would you  that anybody, even a healthy person, get onboard a cruise ship? DR. FAUCI: I think if you’re a healthy, young person, that there is no reason, if you want to go on a cruise ship, to go on a cruise ship.  …
Dr. Fauci is NOT who he purports to be. He's making it up as he goes & he's deceiving us. If WE know this, rest assured President @realDonaldTrump does! He'll know when & how to act. #TrustTrump #AmericaFirst #LeadRight #COVID19 #FauciFraud #DeepState  
"If you are a healthy young person, there is no reason if you want to go on a cruise ship, go on a cruise ship." - Dr. Anthony Fauci, March 9, 2020.  …
What if this was all planned and this virus outbreak was done to us on purpose? Dr. Fauci in 2017: Trump will be challenged by a ‘surprise global disease outbreak’ (Video)  …
All fools. Just today, first sitting US lawmaker to die was from South Dakota, so don't claim that there isn't a risk in the wide open spaces of these states. Fauci is right.
President Hillary Clinton would have listened to Dr. Fauci from day one and... we’d be exactly where we are today, because Fauci was telling us cruises were ok as late as March 9. 
My God. In the process of pissing all over Fauci's advice, Trump repeats the lie that social distancing is going to kill more people than COVID-19.  …
Further, many of those living with #Lupus are already struggling to access the meds they need to remain healthy & alive due to reckless guidance he previously offered. Can someone please mute his mic or just limit the Q&A to Fauci? This is criminal, all of it!
I AGREE WITH @TuckerCarlson‘We Should Never Let Someone Like That Run This Country’: Tucker Carlson Says Dr. Fauci’s Advice Could Lead To ‘National Suicide’. #COVID19  …
Leaderboard right now 1 Fauci 2 Gates 3 Gov Cuomo
Can someone please check with Birx and Fauci and make sure that this is what she meant. I mean, we’re not supposed to go the pharmacy and pick up prescription drugs we need? We’re no longer supposed to go to the grocery store? THat’s a HUGE change in policy. Did she misspeak?  …
"What the government has failed to do." Maybe if Frank would watch the press briefings he would have heard Dr. Fauci talk repeatedly about the vaccine process, where we are at in it, and how long it will take.  …
Dumb question yes, but did you notice neither Birx or Fauci want to talk about them all of a sudden? Few days ago they couldn’t say “100,000 to 240,000 deaths” enough.
Important Aries announcement: WE ARE REDOING ALL OUR BIRTHDAYS IN NOVEMBER DR FAUCI PLEASE FIX THIS BY NOVEMBER
Everyone, please listen only to medical experts on what drugs to take and public health procedures to follow. Elected officials have one job: reinforce the advice of experts like Dr. Fauci and find the supplies & resources we all need to implement it.
When Fauci isn't there the first question is some US Weekly stuff about if Trump and Fauci are still bros. These people are utterly without credibility.  …
DR. FAUCI: “Mitigation and social distancing works.” TRUMP: “Yes, but...” Immediately undercuts the message, says we have to get back soon. 
Why does #Fauci pour cold water on hydroxychloroquine + azithromycin Because he is Deep State and is now under white hat control. The MSM are berating Trump because they are desperate for the crisis to continue. Watch for Clinical Trials to prove #POTUS % correct #QAnon
WOW! Dr. Fauci Cheered Hydroxychloroquine Success Treating MERS Coronavirus in 2013... But Today He's Skeptical... That's Weird?  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Fauci went one step further and said, There is NO Definitive evidence" on Lupus patients on Plaquenil/Hydroxychloroquine being a preventative. I'm horrified as a patient w/Lupus on Plaquenil. This is such a nightmare to think about anyone BELIEVING Trump.  …
The media gets mad when Dr. Fauci isn’t there. And now the media gets mad when he is there.  …
“This is a war” -President @realDonaldTrump... I could not agree more! He needs a  to oversee contagious disease, not Dr. Fauci, who has been wrong every time he has opened his mouth.
Try this at home: Stand for the entire length of Trump briefing room rally and see how physically draining it is for Dr Fauci. What a horrendous use of Dr Fauci’a time.
WHAT THE HELLBack in 2017, Dr. Fauci told an audience the Trump administration will not only be challenged by ongoing global health threats such as influenza and HIV, but also a surprise disease outbreak. #COVID19  …
Trump doesn't believe Fauci's models, he said so.
Trump: "The question I most hate the answer to is what happens if you do have a ventilator? What are your chances? I just hope that hydroxychloroquine wins." Later: "Hydroxychloroquine. Try it, if you'd like." Dr. Fauci says there's no definitive data about its effectiveness.
After Birx and Fauci give nonsensical defenses of the Murray model, they keep demanding more and more stringent steps. Did Birx just say not to go to the grocery store?
Birx and Fauci spend 10 minutes cleaning up Trump's responses re hydroxychloroquine, Trump grabs the mic and starts saying "try it. try it if you like." What a terrible terrible leader.
Yes finally. I've been waiting for this! President Trump isn't letting Fauci get away with his locking down our country indefinitely mentality anymore... 
Fauci spent all this time explaining what we need to do, and then Trump gets up there and basically says: I’m hoping for this miracle cure
Dr. Anthony Fauci on possible effect of extending social distancing guidance to 30 days: "Everybody should be doing some degree of this physical separation. If we do that—again, I have confidence that what we will see is the turning around of the curve."  
Fauci says drugs need to be tested before use. Trump says we should take them anyway. Fauci and Birx said we need to stay home for the foreseeable future. Trump says he wants to open up the country soon. This is the worst briefing.
Immediately after Fauci makes an impassioned case that social distancing works, Trump says, "but again, we're not going to destroy our country. We have to get back ... we have a big decision to make at a certain point ... the cure cannot be worse than the problem itself." 
Paging Dr. Fauci: “Italy has just authorized the wide distribution of hydroxychloroquine on medical prescription from the start of the infection and that other countries are preparing to do the same. What are we waiting for?”  …
Dr. Fauci talked about 'brave warriors" today. He ought to know. He is one.
We should have Dr Shiva on Trump's panel, not that loser Fauci.  …
An elegant, gracious statement by Tony Fauci on the "brave warriors" in our midst.  …
Is it just me or does Dr.  contradict himself on a weekly basis?
Dr Fauci literally just said we need to increase social distancing just for Trump  behind him 3 seconds later and say we need to open the country. Smh...im gonna take the doctors advice 
OMFG!! Fauci just said how important mitigation is and then Trump quickly took the mic and said mitigation works but we have to get back to work!!! I can’t believe it!!!
Fauci implores people to listen to distancing guidelines. Trump says mitigation does work, but "We're not going to destroy our country. We have to get back." He adds, "You know what, I don't know -- we have a big decision to make."
Trump on hydroxychloroquine, which Dr. Fauci says is unproven: "I may take it. I'll have to ask my doctors about that. But I may take it." 
Question for Dr. Fauci, how are you not crying right now?
Dr. Fauci says health care workers are “brave warriors”: “The American public owe a phenomenal debt of gratitude to these people and they should just salute them in every way you can”  
Trump now talking about unwinding the social isolation rules for churches. Fauci must be having an aneurysm back there.
"The American public owe a phenomenal debt of gratitude to these people," Dr. Fauci says of healthcare workers. He calls them "brave warriors" against the #coronavirus who put themselves & their families at risk every single day.
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
#Presidementia 04/03 Press Briefing: Fauci steps in to bail Trump out of hot mess ranging from Biden to "perfect call" to insulting the fired navy captain who stood up for his sailors. Trump pops back to attack 3M, repeat his bullshit claims about medications. He's not well.
So Dr. Fraud Fauci has been beating the stock market to death for months with his "models" and NOW he says they are unreliable?
Why isn’t Dr. Fauci wearing a mask today & why isn’t he practicing social distancing?
Fauci calls for saluting first responders. “I think that’s what we should do when we see health care workers, just applaud them.” This is already happening in the country - in NYC, at 7 pm, people applaud our their windows.
Dr. Fauci just hammered the press and amazing how he mentioned almost every patient they had during the Aids epidemic died.. wow puts it into perspective a little. I’m not a Fauci fan, but for that moment he was human..
Dr Fauci says we should applaud health care workers when we see them. "Brave warriors in the hospitals ...not only giving life saving treatment" but also risking their own lives and families exposure.
Cable news should not air the White House briefings. People are going to die from his quack medical advice. He undercuts Fauci, CDC, and public health professionals daily. Today, he said he might even take hcq, if his doctors say it’s okay.  …
I heard Kim Reynolds bashing Tony Fauci and am so grateful not to be an Iowan. How would you rate YOUR governor's response to #CoronavirusPandemic? Mine was one of the first states on lockdown, for which I am deeply grateful.
! Trump now says that he may take hydroxychloroquine himself. This is despite Dr. Fauci saying that there's no definitive data about its effectiveness.
Trump undoes Fauci’s rational answer on Hydroxychloroquine with a “what do you have to lose”  of the drug 
Dr. Fauci contradicts Trump and says that there's not enough data to say that people taking a lupus drug haven't gotten the coronavirus. Trump  in and says: "I hope they use hydrochloroquine." He adds: "What do you have to lose?"
Weird @kilmeade asked Dr. Fauci about the possibility of studying patients that regularly take hydroxychloroquine vs COVID exposure and got blown off, but just now Fauci said it was a very good question and studies were underway.
I'm sick and tired of doctor FAUCI and his apprentice next to him making light of the malaria drug being used and @realDonaldTrump being the only person who cares about human life to save life now. The doctor is a monster..
Did Fauci really just say he no longer believes in models? So I suppose we are down to just wild guesses from him at this point?
Dr Fauci NOT wanting to say anything good about hydroxychloriquine. @realDonaldTrump pushing it now. Fauci??? Does he really back #BillGates and his expensive vaccine? Gates has Fauci on Board of one of  @FoxNews
“What do you have to lose?” the president asks of trying chloroquines as a COVID treatment, stepping in on a question that had been directed to Fauci, who has voiced a different view.
I don’t like the look that the President is shooting Dr. Fauci as he is calmly laying out some evidence-based truth. Watch out, Tony! 
"The risk of there being resurgence is real" says Dr. Fauci on the virus.
NEW: Dr. Anthony Fauci reiterates how social distancing is our "most important tool" to end the coronavirus pandemic while assuring the American people that "what we are doing is making a difference."  
Agree with Dr. Fauci. One of the most amazing things to see is the vast majority of Americans social distancing. Physical markers do indeed help ( of the floor at Starbucks in our main lobby after today’s rounds) 
Dr. Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease expert, encourages Americans to continue social distancing. “As sobering and as difficult as this is, what we are doing is making a difference, so we really need to continue to do that.”  
Dr. Anthony Fauci on mitigation: "Clearly it works...as sobering and as difficult as this is, what we are doing is making difference. So, we really need to continue to do that." Full video here:  
Basically POTUS is saying he wants a second opinion about this 'shut down' nonsense. It's fun watching Bill Gates, WHO and Dr Fauci's vaccine gang spin out of control. Meanwhile, Media  confused!
Trump is confusing the issue on stay-at-home orders. He does not have the power, Constitutionally. But the question is whether he'll use his influence to convince reluctant governors. (He's at odds on this with his surgeon general and with Fauci).
WHY WON'T ANYONE ASK HIM: "Our leading expert Dr. Fauci, who is standing right next to you, thinks we need a national Stay Home Order. Why do you think you know better?"?!
Jeremy Diamond from @cnn - good for him for calling out Trump for directly contradicting Fauci on stay at home waters. Trump now hiding behind the constitution, which is a pretty laughable dodge.
More, from the president, on when sports will reopen: "I can’t tell you a date, but I think it’s going to be sooner rather than later." He is guessing. Again, as Dr. Fauci said, "the virus sets the timeline." Optimism is fine, but science is what matters most.
Fauci said he wanted to talk a little about public health aspects and mitigation related to what Trump just said about at least thinking about returning to some degree of normality. "What we are doing is making a difference, so we really need to continue to do that," Fauci said. 
Dr Fauci stresses that "physical separation..is our most important tool" against the Coronavirus. Insists that the guideline for six feet of personal separation is "making a difference." Was heartened by sight of people waiting in line for take-out, standing 6 feet apart. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says “we’re going to be seeing that there are deaths that are going to continue to go up” and the focus needs to be on mitigating the virus  
Hot tip: the restaurant Dr. Fauci was just mentioning where he stopped by last night to see the takeout customers standing 6ft apart ... was Millie’s.
Asked about  yesterday that states that haven't implemented stay-home orders aren't in jeopardy, he says some states have "big land, few people, and they're in very good shape." (Fauci and Birx emphasize every state is at risk; every state has 150+ known cases.)
Whenever Dr. Fauci and anyone with any knowledge speaks, Trump looks like what he is: worthless. 
Donald Trump Whenever Dr. Fauci says we need to continue distancing & staying at home! 
FAUCI: "I want to actually just plea, as I do, multiple times from here, to the American public, you know, as sobering and as difficult as this is, what we are doing is making a difference. So we really need to continue to do that."
Dr. Fauci says things will get worse but social distancing is still key. He said: We are going to see deaths that are going to continue to go up. At the same time, we want to focus on number of new cases. What we are doing is making a difference so we have to continue to do so.
Dr. Fauci please TURN to Trump and tell him to shut the country DOWN now and every AMERICAN should #StayAtHome #StopAiringTrumpNow
Fauci loves the idea of everything shut down, damn the economy. Which is suspect to me.
Dr. Fauci just said on #CNN to avoid crowds but Trump thinks sports can return in August and 
Fauci says physical separation is still "our most important tool" to fight Covid, says we "really need to continue to do that" because it is making a difference, moments after @realDonaldTrump once again said the country needed to "open" again soon.
Fauci contradicting the idiot and he stands back and scowls.
FAUCI: Social distancing is our most valuable tool. The drugs/plasma/immunity/vaccine benefits are a long way off.
Fauci keeps emphasizing that physical separation is critical, "our most important tool." He says vaccines and drugs will help later, but this is what's essential now. "As sobering and difficult as this is, what we are doing is making a difference...we really need to continue."
FAUCI: WA state put in a really good program of mitigation which is why despite being first, they're doing really well.
FAUCI... No antibody tests needed There will be 2.5M deaths Oops, that’s 200k Loves Hillary Suggests total USA shutdown until last Covid case Will not take hydrocloroquinine Need hospital ship b/c hospitals too overwhelmed Oops, only 20 beds filled Quackery
“Clearly it works” Dr. Fauci on the mitigation efforts like social distancing 
Also... Today Trump and Fauci starting to talk about opening things back up. This is working folks. Keep pushing.
Fauci now talking about returning” to some degree “of normality”. Someone got their ear pulled.
Fauci: You will be seeing, and don't be surprised, "deaths that are going to continue to go up." But at the same time, "we want to focus on the effect of mitigation...really, the number of new cases." He emphasizes that mitigation works, as evidenced by Washington state.
His defiance on HCQ shows that Fauci — who has expressed hostility to HCQ — is not doing much for him. And he picked up on the fact Birx's models continue to be incorrect. Pushes private sector solutions to problems. Seems to be chatting w lots of outside advisers. All good stuff
Dr. Fauci, Dr. Brix and her fan Bill Gates days are numbered.
Question posed to all.The latest European research on the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine, an inexpensive drug 1st developed by Bayer in the 193O’s seems to be successful given with azithromycin.Why would Dr Fauci not support?  …
I didn't vote for Dr. Fauci. I didn't vote for a self-induced depression. No laws have been passed by government, just "orders" given from power-hungry governors and officials. Have our rights ever been so infringed? This is why you defend the 2nd amendment. Times like this.
Trump continues to tout hydroxychloroquine, which Fauci and others emphasize has not been proven for this purpose, and cite "positive" reports he is not very familiar with. Of one story he tells, he says, "Maybe that's correct, maybe it's false, you'll have to check it out."
FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago WHO IS DR. FAUCI, REALLY? I MEAN REALLY?In 2017 he said .⁦ @POTUS⁩ would have deal with a virus. How did he know that? Was this planned? He & Byrx are connected to Bill Gates,  …
This week, his patience progressively thinned out, with Fauci first and foremost, and now Birx. He seems to fully conclude the public health people have very limited understanding of how to manage our vast nation. Looks like he's taking the reins back. Big win for team sanity.
I hope @realDonaldTrump is dismissing Fauci and Birx advocacy. They aren’t actually helping President Trump or America. They should be replaced. Their models have been consistently wrong and they still refuse to prioritize antibody random sampling testing. It’s insane.
POTUS: "We have to get back to work. We have to open our country again." Developing a sense of urgency big time. Sets benchmark that worst week will be  week. A much more defiant tone today. My read is you should dismiss the advocacy of Birx & Fauci at this point.
"We need to open our country again." It appears the pendulum is swinging again. [Could be time for Drs. Fauci and Birx to show him some charts again.]
If everything is above board and nothing nefarious is going on, then Fauci and Birx should have no problem turning over everything. Nothing they deal with should be in the realm of “privileged” or “confidential” or “top secret.” They are public health officials, not spies or LE.
Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" . Yeah, I agree.....Cindy Crawford never called me back !  …
What an embarrassment for the state of Iowa. Governor Reynolds refuses to listen to Dr. Fauci, a physician-scientist with 50+ years leading public health initiatives and heads the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases. Sadly, I'm not surprised by this at all...  …
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci is at the coronavirus press conference!
Fauci is back today 
i would make fun of those posts where they call dr. fauci hot or cool but on this account we only elevate short kings
#CoronaVirus #Covid #Fauci #Response #Trump President Trump Acted Early Despite “Hero” Dr. Fauci Proclaiming in January 21: ‘This is Not a Major Threat for the People of the United States’  …
52 years ago Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated by a white supremacist. Today Same folks are threatening another hero of ours- Dr. Anthony Fauci. When is this nightmare going to end?
US Gov must end the pandemic management circus: 1) Medical expert like Fauci should freely formulate public health policy. 2) Military general should be appointed with authority to implement under DPA. 3) Politicians must only provide budgets & get out of showmanship.
Our President has  to stepping up efforts to fight this Virus! WaPo’s, Kessler has written several falsehoods attributing the statements to the President & Dr Fauci. WaPo, get your fact straight & stop lying  …
Hey @realDonaldTrump have you asked Fauci how did he now?  …
Ok mistake. I thought Dr. Drew was sticking  it to the flu. I did not see the apology. He is advising that we listen to Dr. Fauci and the CDC. I agree 100 percent. Many of us were incorrect at the start. We have apologized.
I’d like to see  between Dr. Fauci & Bill Gates.  between him & members of the former Obama administration, big pharma, members of the Clinton Crime Family. All of it. Before, during & after this “crisis.” @TomFitton: let’s get enlightened.
Well, this is shocking. Fauci said in 2017 that Trump would face a surprise global disease outbreak. 
(3/4) And I was right. Dr. Fauci has said the travel restrictions on China were a "very smart move" and "the right public health call." Dr. Fauci said there is "no question" there would be more US cases if President Trump didn’t take the action I defended & Biden criticized!
(2/4): I was asked about travel restrictions & stated the intent of those restrictions: “We will not see diseases like the  here” DR. FAUCI articulated this intent: “What we're doing now with the other travel restrictions - so you block infections  in”
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… Trump does not want a national stay-at-home order, Dr. Fauci does. Who do you agree with?
Anthony Fauci is 79. Whoa. He's been living right.
Anyone saying not to listen to Dr Fauci is wrong in my opinion . Yes, Birx is a Trump synchophant but Dr Fauci is risking his career to give us correct info .
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  … @KarluskaP
Dr. Fauci in 2017: “THERE WILL BE A SURPRISE OUTBREAK.” #QAnon 
Now can they do a follow up conference call with Dr. Fauci?  …
sorry Dr. Fauci is not acting as a “leftist,” he’s a doctor whose only concern is public health, stopping virus. He’s not thinking about economy or other factors. That’s Trump’s job to solicit wide array of info to make a final call as president. Not everything is a conspiracy  …
. @GovAbbott had a call today with Anthony Fauci about Texas’ #coronavirus response, per the gov’s office. 
Imagine that, Corona-virus KILLED within 24 hours using  anti-parasitic drug... so much for Fauci's beloved vaccination and his warnings ad nauseum about a dreaded second wave.  …
YES to: Naturopaths Listening to parents Listening to children Paying attention to the wisdom of the earth Organic food Slowing down Humbling ourselves before uncertainty. NO to: CDC, NIH, WHO Bill Gates Anthony Fauci Francis Collins Pharma AAP, AMA McKinsey Mainstream media.
"Putting a mask on yourself is more to prevent you from infecting someone else," Dr. Anthony Fauci. What Dr. Fauci wants you to know about face masks and staying home as virus spreads | PBS NewsHour  …
Fauci on chloroquines: “I think we’ve got to be careful that we don’t make that majestic leap to assume that this is a knockout drug,” Dr. Fauci said in an interview on “Fox & Friends” on Friday.  …
Brit Hume Clip of Dr. Fauci in January Is a 'Must Watch' for Every American Accusing Trump of Failing to Act Early  …
Just the other day, Fauci was on CNN bemoaning the fact that there hasn’t been federal guidance on a national lockdown. I mean, OK.  …
What is Dr. Fauci know in January 2017? A "surprise outbreak"? 
Even with the headline that he wants the NFL to start on time, hard to see the point of an  sports call without having Birx or Fauci on the call. But it’s a great flex for Trump.
NEW UPDATES: So it turns out Fauci was named to the Leadership Council of the "Decade of Vaccines" project created by the GATES Foundation, WHO, UNICEF and Fauci's agency. Birx is ALL IN on the Gates nonsense. #FireFauci Trump needs to fire those 2  …
To all the other Chinese kids out there, stay strong and try not to let your moms horribly false wechat advice drive you to drink more than you already are. S2g our moms could somehow argue dr fauci into a corner, armed with just strong vocal chords and absolutely no science
“You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.” —Dr. Fauci  …
I like being optimistic but I won’t believe anything until I hear it from Dr. Fauci  …
Unless Fauci Hendrix says we can go to games, WE NOT GOING TO GAMES.
When fear gives way to anger & unrest...another metric missing from #Birx & #Fauci's #Gates-backed #IHME #model  … #unemployment #jobless
And also is based on 10 million and counting on unemployment. And 300 million under house arrest. Fauci is a political fraud. He is their fall guy. And we are the ones that pay.
Dr. Fauci January 2017: "Trump administration will not only be challenged by on going global health threats such as influenza and HIV, but also a surprise disease outbreak" Does this article really surprise anyone at this point?  …
Dr. Brix is a board member of the Bill Gates Foundation. Dr. Fauci is a Hillary Clinton supporter. What more can we do about it? They are not our friends. Something smells wrong with the Dr. #Hydroxychloroquine Works so order millions of pills ALREADY.  …
Is it too late to quarantine the modelers at Imperial College, Dr Fauci, Tucker Carlson, Michael Savage, the vampire squid Goldman Sachs & the 100’s of msm propagandist fear mongers that predicted cv could kill millions, just in the US? So it’s too late? Can we ship em to Gitmo?
Why are CNN and MSM always bent out of shape when Dr. Fauci is not at the press conference? Is he the only member of the Deep State on the task force? Asking for a friend. #WuhanVirusMadeInChina
Fauci, the same guy who told Americans not to worry about the #coronavirus back in January.  missed it. . @POTUS . @realDonaldTrump #COVID2019 #SaturdayThoughts #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA #AdjunctProfessr  …
Why is @realDonaldTrump totally destroying the country & millions of people's lives for "live drill" event 201 scenario Rockefeller Lock Step NWO? Why are know criminals Fauci, Birx, on a task force for a fake pandemic? Is this what MAGA is? What's Qanon doing, trusting the plan
Trump team is using Fauci and Birx as pawns to expose what (they) all did. Everything is known by POTUS and the NSA, everything Years in planning 5 steps ahead #QAnon
Fauci, now so sour on hydroxychloroquine (+/- azithro) for covid19, despite its clinical promise, gushed in 4/2013 when a coronavirus [MERS]  [ribavirin /interferon-alpha)] tested “only in cells in lab dishes” prevented viral replication!  
SERIOUSLY, WTF? Fauci told others there are too many variables to make the models reliable: “I’ve looked at all the models. I’ve spent a lot of time on the models. They don’t tell you anything. You can’t really rely upon models.” His 200k dead is based on a model. #smh
WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  … via @gatewaypundit
I think something's going on. Can't put my finger on it.. but I don't trust Fauci. First on Jan 21, he says "USA is not in danger".. now he advises against using hydroxichloriquine (sp) which has shown almost 100% cure rate..and enemies of US are taking advantage for sure.. :(
Attached is GSK partnering with Gates and litany of other agencies including NIAID (Fauci) developing a malaria vaccine Mosquirix. Very questionable efficacy to say the least. Lots of info there. But now we’re going to look into another Glaxo venture. Ranitidine.  …
BREAKING: over 8,000 people have signed A petition calling on People Magazine to name Dr. Anthony Fauci as the Magazine’s "Sexiest Man Alive" of 2020.
WHOA! Fauci in 2017: Trump will be challenged by a 'surprise global disease outbreak'  …
Lopez: When  to coronavirus, Barbara Ferrer is L.A.'s version of Dr. Fauci. The top health officer in a county of 10 million people is in the middle of every tough conversation about the pandemic & what each of us has to do to make a difference.  …
Dr Falsie astounds us again with more brilliant "Faucisms!" Fauci: China‘s ‘Delay in Transparency‘ ‘Likely‘ Prevented Other Countries from Restricting Travel  … via @BreitbartNews
Dr. Fauci said on video in 2017 that a surprise pandemic would happen this year. I think it was planned, too, Chuck. MM arr
. @NYCMayor Mr Mayor, look at My interview with Dr Fauci February 10 th.  …
Thank us for what? Anyone with a usable brain gets his/her information from Cuomo. Also from Fauci when you let him out of his cell and accidentally unmuzzle him. You're a time suck. Your daily attention grabs only make a miserable situation worse. Prepare your defense, Trump.  …
I want her to ask Fauci about this 
He can't order those professional leagues to do anything. That call should have only been with Dr. Fauci so those leagues could get the latest information available from a respected health official.
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO) Hey Mr President  …
President Donald Trump Anthony Fauci Political Cartoon Coronavirus Mask @realdonaldtrump @whitehouse @dbongino @DonaldJTrumpJr #anthonyfauci #donaldtrump #coronavirus @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @seanhannity @allidoisowen @vp @SenateGOP @PressSec @JackPosobiec @SaraCarterDC 
"And yet Dr. Fauci and Dr. Deborah Birx are using their coronavirus models to urge the Trump administration to shut down the US economy until the end of April."  …
. @realDonaldTrump, Birx's medical license has expired! Do something. These people are EVIL! Fauci is great friends with Bill Gates, Hillary, and the terrorist, criminal head of WHO! #COVID19 #QAnon  …
Catch me on the live stream tonight at 8PM EST! I know everybody has been waiting for content and I am bringing home the goods tonight! Is Dr. Fauci One Of The White Rabbits? You won't believe how many [DS] this man has! Like, Share and Subscribe!  
“Right now Fauci is trying to roll out the most ambitious clinical trial ever implemented” of a vaccine to save the world while “getting calls from the White House or Jared’s team asking, ‘Wouldn’t it be nice to do this with Oracle?’”  …
It's worth noting that Fauci has been saying since the end of January that he believes that the coronavirus can be transmitted by people who have it but are asymptomatic, based on the  out of China and later elsewhere.
We think of #COVID19 in terms of suffering and death. Trump looks at the coronavirus a different way... Coronavirus gave Trump a new reality show with a built in audience & he’s not limited to a 1 hr format. But now he’s just trying to figure out how to get Fauci off the island
“Republican governors in Florida, Georgia, Mississippi and Alabama declined to issue prompt stay-at-home orders. Now? Trump refuses to issue one nationally despite Fauci’s advice.” This is why we #ElectDemGovs.  …
I am like Dr. Fauci here: “What am I supposed to do?” Could we shout out even louder? Could we express our desire to have a public voice even more??
The *degree* of asymptomatic transmission of novel coronavirus was (and, I think, remains) unclear. As to when we knew that it was happening, here's Dr Fauci on January 31. 
A bit of #Fauci Arrogance: I know something you don't know He was in with the "in crowd" AKA #DeepState with special connection #HillaryClinton #COVID2019 #DeepStateFauci #TAP  …
-infinity Please TV networks: DO NOT AIR TRUMP UPDATES. If he finally appoints an expert to lead the Covid 19 task force,then yes,air updates by that expert only. Trump is playing you all for airtime. No more Trump! No more Pence! No more Jared! Bring back Fauci!
Many people (like Nasty Rachel @maddow) are saying,”why didn’t you listen to the “experts” like Dr. Fauci and keep America safe?” But he’s not the only doctor. Dr. Drew was making some very persuasive points on Fox News! #BothSides 
Chuck, even if Fauci were a Trump voter & supporter we cannot trust one man with one area of expertise to make all these medical, economic, & legal decisions. Here’s a better idea:  …
Agreed until you said “when Dr. Fauci says it’s safe.” It’s not his call. His opinion is one... one unelected, unaccountable opinion... that goes into the pot for elected leaders. I know you likely agree with that. But important to clarify.  …
Seems like the only thing you can count on Fauci for is to do what’s best for the Democratic Party
The guy who fucked his cousin for 14 years says Dr. Fauci is part of the deep state and people should go back to work  …
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Come April 15th when the death toll is supposed to be 200,000 and it's more like 12,000, Trump will dump Fauci and Brix knowing their models are crap.
I don’t trust Fauci either and in 2017 apparently he predicted that Trump was going to have to handle a huge flu outbreak of some sort that’s really suspicious very suspicious what did he know why would he say that in 2017?
A must watch interview with Dr. Fauci... A big  he states the "federal government is a facilitator, a supplier, a supporter..." He would benefit from reading @MazzucatoM work on the key role of the state/government as much more than just a "facilitator".  
Dr. Fauci, we all know now, was a Hilary supporter. He is now the emperor of our economy. I do not trust this man to do the right thing for Americans or President Trump.
Somebody should let Dr. Fauci know!  …
Thanks for warning Americans to turn off the T.V. at 3:30 PM. When will Dr. Fauci appear so we can turn it back on and hear the truth?
GOP Governor Won’t Enact Stay-At-Home Order Because She Doesn’t Trust Fauci: ‘He Doesn’t Have All The Information’  …
actually, Potus is also listening to Docs such as Fauci & Birx; you'd know this if you watched & listened to the conferences w/ Fauci/Birx. while he was "hoping" (nothing wrong w/ hoping) for a nearby reopen, he is listening to the specialists
. Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-19 by Global Survey of Doctors . I don't know about this NUT ! .  …
Please just shut the fuck up and let the experts speak. Stop silencing Fauci. Stop lying to America. Just get the fuck out of here. Maybe Russia will take you?
HydroxyChloroquine works now until we can get a permanent vaccine...we need to ‘Open Up Our Country!’ Fauci and Big Pharma doesn’t believe in HydroxyChloroquine...is it because it’s cheap to buy?
. @TuckerCarlson says Dr. Fauci is helping the  suicide because "Fauci is not an economist or for that matter someone who fears being unemployed himself." A: Fauci would admit he's not an economist. B: He has 52 years of pension built up. 3: Trump's in charge. Blame him.
If UR a Patriot or if UR “on the fence” YOUR ALARM BELLS SHOULD BE RINGING Dr. A. Fauci IS NOT OUR FRIEND “OPTICS” PURPOSES only I reported earlier on the video showing he predicted a “Pandemic” during the Trump Presidency as well as Bill Gate’s role in this PLAN-DEMIC 
“You have a responsibility not only to protect yourself, but you almost have a societal, moral responsibility to protect other people.” Dr. Fauci answers the most pressing questions about Covid-19:  
Fauci said January 26 this wasnt a big deal. Pelosi telling everyone in SF to go to Chinatown in Feb...New Yorkers told it was safe to go to the parade....there was NOTHING to fear. EVERYONE read it the same fucking way. Quit pinning it on the people you hate.
Dr. Fauci favorability by party, per Nav Research (D): Republicans: 65-7 (+58) Democrats: 63-7 (+56) Indies: 45-8 (+37)  …
Fauci’s original thoughts on COVID-19 in January... But let’s blame Trump now.... 
Yes , I have!!! Fauci as well.  …
On Jan 21, Fauci said it was nothing to worry about. In February, DeBlasio was telling people to go out on the town. If this is the standard, you're going to be calling for a lot of resignations.
If Adams should resign for downplaying Covid at that point, so should Fauci. Birx said the other day they thought it was more like SARS than anything. It all goes back to China and WHO.  …
Non Biased Poll! Should President Trump replace fear mongering Dr. Fauci? #CoronavirusPandemic
Agree w/ Brit‘s point here. This clip doesn’t call Dr. Fauci’s unimpeachable credibility into question — it illustrates just how badly China’s lies hurt our ability to understand and prepare for what we were facing. If Tony Fauci didn’t know, hard to imagine anyone could have.  …
Wait. WHAAAT? OK. This is disturbing . WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Here’s the Washington Post!!!! This paper hates @realDonaldTrump yet even THEY’RE questioning these ridiculous fear-mongering numbers by UN mules Fauci and Birx  …
Listen and make your own Judgment; I don't trust Dr. Fauci myself- he's part of #DTS and helping brainwash using Alinsky tactics via his  …
What's the matter Dr. Fauci, you and Bill Gates can't profit as much from a more simple and effective treatment? FLASHBACK: Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Wks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-9 by Global Survey of Doctors  …
The Borowitz Report: “Fauci Warns Trump That If Everyone in U.S. Dies It Could Affect His TV Ratings” #satire  
Dr. Fauci will now be known as Dr. Falsie...... All his predictions and modeling are ran through the Deep State & DNC first! Watch his bank account and his future research grants and who donated it....
President Trump said during his last presser that he doesn't believe Fauci's 200,000 death model either and expects to well-outperform it on the positive side. P.S., Fauci, in case you just missed it, Trump repaid the favor and just dissed you on national TV.
WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH? You can’t really rely on our models, you just have to trust us while putting you on house arrest and punishing you for going outside.  …
I knew the chances were slim but thought I would try. I totally understand also.. But you might want to keep a slight eye on this little twtter fish I find good stuff .. Hee Like Fauci cooking PASTA for Bono on his porch in the middle of the night... pasta huh.. pizza 
Brit Hume Clip of Dr. Fauci in January Is a 'Must Watch' for Every American Accusing Trump of Failing to Act Early  …
Somebody ask Dr Fauci if a neoprene beer koozie is effective improvised PPE mask. Think I’m on to something here. 
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit NO MATTER THE CHALLENGE OUR GREAT PRESIDENT HAS RESPONDED MARVELOUSLY...FAUCI AS I HAVE BEEN TELLING YOU IS A DEEP STATE ACTOR
FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-9 by Global Survey of Doctors  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. fauci what is ‘definitive is our economic conditions are on life support!’ HydroxyChloroquine works we need to use it nationwide immediately!
I am professionally obligated to post about Dr. Fauci's high school basketball career  …
In a mid-February Situation Room meeting, Fauci and CDC director Redfield told White House officials there was not yet evidence of worrisome person-to-person transmission. It was almost certainly spreading - but even top experts had little meaningful data  …
This is slowly  a Dr. Fauci stan account 
Dr. Fauci, 9 out of 10 drs believe that Hydroxychloroquine will work successfully at fighting #COVID19 and will save lives. What say you? Dr. Fauci: Believing something works isn’t definitive enough. We should take our time. Folks are dying, WE DONT HAVE TIME MF’r!!
Globalist Fauci understood and purposely downplayed, then could help quarantine & crash economy. #ClowardPiven strategy should  knowledge by now. Soros said at Davos2017 he'd get rid of Trump. Dictators can't have ppl living who remember what real freedom 
I’ve always thought a sign of great intelligence and humility is knowing when you don’t know something. The reverse is also true. Iowa GOP Gov attacks Dr Fauci for  everyone shelter at home because he “doesn’t have all the information.”  …
We're all locked away while criminals are being set free. Ten million people are newly unemployed and Dr. Fauci calls it "inconvenient." Most of us are quietly falling in line, but not @JordanSchachtel. He explained yesterday why we're going about it all  …
Brit Hume Clip of Dr. Fauci in January Is a 'Must Watch' for Every American Accusing Trump of Failing to Act Early 
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO) This is the same guy who told Americans not to worry about the coronavirus back in January. WAS HE PREDICTING? OR PROMISING?  …
Can't fix stupid Iowa governor defends not ordering shelter-in-place: Maybe Dr. Fauci "doesn't have all the information"  …
. @realDonaldTrump needs to ask Fauci and Birx why we’re not hearing more about this:  …
Coach K calls Anthony Fauci 'America's point guard' in coronavirus fight  
Iowa governor Kim Reynolds suggested that Fauci, far and away the most respected coronavirus figure in the entire Trump administration, needed to  better informed 
Fauci: We Acted Against Coronavirus ‘Very, Very Early’ 
Dr. Fauci's job approval rating (according to Fox News) is 77 percent — and 85 percent among Reynolds's fellow Republicans 
Fauci is a fool and a tool! How can you make this last until the election if you find a cure now? FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Downplayed Hydroxychloroquine 2 Weeks Ago -- Now Considered "Most Effective Therapy" for COVID-9 by Global Survey of Doctors  …
Still think this is started by some Chinese guy getting the munchies for some bat soup! No this was an attack on America! It won't work! WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Dr. Fauci wasted valuable time in the Presidents ear saying Hydroxychloroquine was not effective! Same with masks Fauci's been wrong from the start!  …
Let's put Jared Kushner in charge of Windmill Cancer And Dr. Fauci in charge of Coronavirus
We need to start pushing Dr Fauci to the side. He’s not the leader of this country and we can’t stay on lockdown indefinitely. Fauci will cripple our nation if we allow it. Time to get back to life.
Dr. Fauci, because he would never ask me to  …
SHOCK VIDEO: Dr. Fauci Was Against America Worrying About Coronavirus, Before He Was For Worrying About it 
President Trump, most Americans outside Twitter and the WH press corps want you to win this battle -- because that means they win, too. But are Fauci-Birx your McClellan or your Grant?
It seems as if Fauci-Birx made a tactical error here -- trusting the original data from WHO/China (which we should view as one entity), and only acting upon the most dire of models without vetting contrarian analysis.
Fauci has given four different "expert" opinions on SARS-2 since January. Ranging from a Frank Drebin "nothing to see here" to a Denathorian "run for your lives." And he now says he's not sure he can trust the models he's been using to justify shutting down our way of life.
Call me paranoid but is Birx getting more face time than Fauci? Our Apprentice Star’s MO as POTUS is not to fire “disloyal” folks right away but to delay ala Atkinson.
Long before presidents looked to Dr. Anthony Fauci for his leadership, the Regis High School boys’ basketball team depended on “Fauch.” 
For a while, let's have scientists rule the world, pretty please???? #COVID19 Fauci, Fineberg, Frieden, Sridhar  …
Trump kept Dr. Fauci off stage because Fauci says a nationwide stay in place order should be entered. Dr. Fauci urges a directive to wear masks outside the home. The only model Trump wants to follow is one in a skirt and under 30 years old. He doesn’t like flattened curves.
Who should Pres Trump trust for the most sound advice on how to intelligently restart the economy while properly managing public safety? Fauci has a 1-track mind, a secure job, & doesn't worry much about irreversible economic damage to people  RT @ScottAdamsSays
Even Trump’s America has a Dr. Fauci. And here - we have not 1 single person from the govt/establishment who will dare speak truth to power & call out things for what they are. India’s collaborative & opportunist babus are as much responsible for the decline of our democracy.
Seriously what is going on here? I think Dr Fauci and Dr Birx were in on this from the beginning with the Clintons and Gates! Gates held a faux crisis exercise last Nov 2019 and a month later the virus broke in China. They are all tied to the lab!  …
Dr. Fauci says that it's 'mind-boggling' that any of China's wet markets are still operating  
Iowa governor defends not ordering shelter-in-place: Maybe Dr. Fauci "doesn't have all the information"  …
Who is Doctor Fauci? "I remember a conversation late into the middle of the night in my home with Bono as we were eating pasta that I cooked for him in my back porch talking about what the best way to go about this thing is..." Eating pasta... 
Time for “equality” & “fairness” that liberals love so much. Take away salaries of Congress, Dr Fauci, all 50 Governors. All politicians & govt bureaucrats work for free as long as they demand economy be closed. Feel exactly what we feel. Wanna bet economy open in 72 hours?
Our private sector created new testing, discovered successful treatments, is fast tracking vaccine + filling the medical supply void left by inept st leaders. CDC/Team Fauci-Brix are now expendable. They've misdirected, blocked treatment & led us into darkness. Globalists. 
Dr. Tony Fauci: "We don't operate on how you feel (about a topic); we operate on what evidence is, and what data is..." #truescientist
Fauci: “This is not a major threat for the people in United States, and this is not something the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about.” Jan 20th Then, NO to hydro, then YES NO to masks, then YES Another Joe on our hands? 
Get rid of Dr Fauci Get Hydroloxychloroquine Let the country move Forward!
Dr, Fauci made this statement, back in 2017, at a forum on pandemic preparedness. At Georgetown Univ. He told the audience, the Trump Admin. will not only be challenged by ongoing global health threats, such as influenza & HIV, but also a surprise disease outbreak! Wait! What!
May our own Dr. Fauci be safe... Putin’s thugs have arrested the leader of an independent doctors’ union—an outspoken critic of the Kremlin—who has dismissed as ‘gross lies’ the country’s low official numbers reported by Russia for coronavirus infections. (NYT) 
WHAT Fauci Does 360: ‘I’ve looked at all the models. I’ve spent a lot of time on models. They don’t tell you anything. You can’t really rely upon models.’ Then why are Fauci & Birx using models 2 shut down the US economy until the end of April?  …
Iowa Governor Defends Not Ordering Shelter-in-Place: Maybe Dr. Fauci 'Doesn't Have All the Information' 
In November, vote like your life depends on it...They've collectively ignored the stay-at-home pleas of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert...  …
The primary issue is not Fauci's opinion is all over the place. The issue is "expert" class, media & politicians argue Dr. Fauci is infallible. & clearly, his track record shows otherwise. He put too much trust in bad models, lackadaisical early on, & panicked in late stages.
Fauci warned in 2017 that Trump would have a surprise infectious disease outbreak. Was this a surprise or did he know it would be released? Why then didn’t he prepare?? Crooked!
Dr Fauci-"There will be a surprise outbreak". 
What did Fauci know and when did he know it? #InvestigateFauci. #COVID19  …
Fauci Knew:  …
I loved being on @OnlyAGameNPR to discuss the biggest story in sports: Dr. Fauci's high-school basketball career.  …
Trump and Fauci point to the China travel ban as an effective counter measure to COVID-19. Turns out it probably came too late and has been very porous: 
In early February, deputy NSC adviser Matt Pottinger wanted to ban travel to Europe as more cases popped up. He was backed by health officials like Fauci. But Mnuchin and others pushed back over concerns about the economy and prevailed  …
From the board - Dr. Fauci talk. 
Fauci reminds the Fox News hosts that in science “we don’t operate on how you feel, we operate on what evidence is, and what data is.”  …
On Feb. 10, Trump said virus was likely to "miraculously" go away when it warmed up. The day before, Fauci & experts briefed governors in DC. "The doctors and the scientists, they were telling us then exactly what they are saying now," Gov. Hogan said.  …
In February, a top NSC official pushed for a travel ban from Europe but it didn't happen. In February, Dr. Fauci said in a Situation Room that they did not see  spread. Now, officials say there was inevitably spread but they had limited data.  …
What's up with the so called "expert" Dr. Anthony Fauci. He's been wrong on the Corona Virus Pandemic from the start. Are Democrats using the virus as an excuse to implement their wacky policies? @TuckerCarlson NAILED IT in his segment last night! #Fauci 
Dr. Fauci has better things to do than this nonsense. Can we please be serious for just this one time.  …
It’s surprising to me just how many Patriots think President Trump is stupid. discredit Dr. Fauci discredit Dr. Birx By now, I have learned: -President Trump has good judgement. -President Trump can not be pushed around. -President Trump can be trusted. So TRUST him, idiots 
Dr. Anthony Fauci is America's Point Guard, but before that he was Regis High School's point guard. @Matt_Fortuna digs into history for this  …
It is time. ‘I just don't understand': Anthony Fauci shows support for more state stay-at-home orders.  …
Bill Gates Is Funding Coronavirus Vaccines that Would Compete With Hydroxychloroquine, Dr. Fauci’s Agency Is Co-Partnering On The Project. - NationalFile “ A Vaccine is the ONLY way to definitively assure the end of the Coronavirus.” ~ Dr. Anthony Fauci 
I don't see the "bluff" Holly. So much of this works on the assumption that Fauci is acting in bad faith. I've seen zero evidence of that. He may be wrong, but he's not a deep state operative. And he definitely has skin in the game. This is what he'll be remembered for.
I think he’s an infectious disease expert who makes  to the President, who then decides the national policy. The fact that Trump supporters are so upset with Dr. Fauci is an admission that Trump is too  to make his own decisions.
So why is Trump so powerless before them? Why don't you criticize Trump for listening to Fauci & Co.? They're not the ones making any decisions, Trump is. Yet all of you people seem incapable of criticizing anyone but his advisors, not the POTUS implementing the advice. Why?  …
"A Weaponized 5G Wireless Nanotube Coronavirus Delivery System that Anthony Fauci paid Charles Lieber to build for NIH, DARPA, Gates Foundation,  Trust (The Pirbright Institute, UK, GlaxoSmithKline-GSK) & Pilgrims Society." 
If you think we should fire Dr. Fauci right now, you aren’t a serious person. You’re a hack.
Didn’t the media learn anything from 2015/21016? It covered him incessantly. STOP AIRING HIS PRESSERS which are thinly disguised rallies. He figured out that major networks would cover him yesterday since Fauci was scheduled, so he yanked him at the last min.
Dr. Fauci: “I don't understand” why all US states are not under stay-at-home orders. 
Both she & Fauci can't be trusted. Trump is brilliant. He has a reason why he's kept them close. Once this virus is over, they will be too.
Good grief. We got Rs out here actually calling to fire the one guy in this administration who has routinely  throughout this thing. If approving of Dr. Fauci’s leadership so far makes me a RINO now—I’m proud to sign up.  …
"Current and former officials said that Kadlec, Fauci, Redfield and others have repeatedly had to divert their attentions from core operations to contend with ill-conceived requests from the White House they don’t believe they can ignore."  …
Let’s face it folks....We’re stuck with Dr. “Useful Idiot” Fauci. Firing him now would be a major public relations/political nightmare for President Trump. #CoronaVirusTaskForce #ChineseWuhanVirus
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Ya noticing that all the sudden people hate Bill Gates and are questioning VAX? Fauci? Seems like a GREAT AWAKENING is in progress. Whupcha!! 
Dr. Fauci says he knew coronavirus was serious by mid-January. "When the numbers  in... it was during that period, in early- to mid-January, that it became clear to me that this was not just another SARS. It wasn't another MERS. This was different."
Dr. Fauci has a history of ignoring beneficial treatments. In the 1980’s the  begged & protested his inaction. Eventually, he helped them but many people died! Dr. Fauci should promote covid treatments now! 
FAUCI: "You can put into place a program where you would project that, after a certain number of weeks, you start to see the bending and the turning of the curve. But the virus determines the timetable -- not you or me in a predetermined timetable."
Dr. Fauci on  surfaces: "The  one are doorknobs. And I think that's the thing that people should be most aware of, because people who can get virus on your hands, one of the things you do every day is turn a doorknob."
FAUCI: "I wash my hands 50 times a day."
‘We Should Never Let Someone Like That Run This Country’: Tucker Carlson Says Dr. Fauci’s Advice Could Lead To ‘National Suicide’  …
Duh WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, “You Can’t Really Rely Upon Models” …WTH?  …
Dr. Fauci in January telling everyone it was nothing to worry about. 
Back in 2017 at forum on pandemic preparedness at Georgetown University Dr. Fauci made an interesting statement. He said that President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak"  …
How many "bold predictions" has Fauci made only to have  walk them back a week later? The man is a fraud and a terrible guesser.
IS FAUCI A FRAUD? Early in this process, Fauci told us COVID-1 was 10 times more deadly than the flu. He KNEW when he said that that his statement was based upon  and misleading information as only the sickest were being tested. Later he totally walked that back.
This surprise planned outbreak was discussed by Dr Fauci back in 2017. See recent Gateway Pundit article on this. Democrats and China are behind this mess!
This plannedemic project has been in the works for a while as evidenced by this video ... WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
For example, wouldn’t you like to see the experts at Yale, Stanford, Oxford, Carnegie Mellon, and elsewhere who doubt the doomsday models Fauci/Birx can’t decide if they believe get to ask the questions at least once?  …
So many things Birx and Fauci are saying/have said don’t add up, make sense, and change without explanation. What this country needs right now is better media bias. Could you media who hate Trump at least send your biased medical experts to start asking questions instead?
Trump and Fauci eventually are going to part ways on this 'mitigation' shutdown. Daily briefings, Fauci says one thing, then on cable news something totally different. He's in the back pocket of Bill Gates and big pharma. He gets his paycheck as millions of Americans don't!
Column: When  to coronavirus, she's L.A.'s version of Dr. Fauci  …
How long before Dr. Fauci tells us to learn to eat spaghetti with our feet?
WATCH: Tucker Carlson Says Dr. Fauci is Suggesting “National Suicide” 
Oh, this is like fifth different position President Fauci has taken on this now since January.  …
I agree. Dr. Fauci Gloom and Doom needs to go! Follow HIS money trail. What does he benefit by keeping this going?  …
Unfortunately, the scientists in charge of U.S. policy do not seem to care about the economic/societal side (an "inconvenience," as Fauci put it), so they don't prioritize exposure & immunity testing. But it is really priority 1A to anyone with a sense of costs & benefits.
GOP Governor Won’t Enact Stay-At-Home Order Because She Doesn’t Trust Fauci: ‘He Doesn’t Have All The Information’  …
Dr. Fauci Says He "Doesn’t Understand" Why Some States Haven’t Issued Stay-at-Home Orders. When partisan politics has the potential to kill us all. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020  … via @politicususa
Fauci & Co. keep us under lockdown Economy falls further Capital flush Bill Gates can make investments  can’t because of economic slowdown Gates produces eventual vaccine Makes billions more Massive grant money flows back to Fauci & Co..
Coronavirus: Bill Gates calls for 10 more weeks of lockdown “Dr Anthony Fauci, the chief infectious disease expert leading the US response, echoed Mr Gates’s claims...” How much grant money has Gates pushed Fauci’s way over the years?  …
No, Dr. Fauci isn't the next Mueller, the consummate professional who'll "take down Trump." But he is a darn good doctor. Everybody keep it that way please.  …
Good morning everyone except for 'Grim Reaper' globalists Anthony Fauci and Deborah Birx.
Bookmark and keep this article from ⁦ @washingtonpost⁩ for when the crisis is passed. It explains what Dr. Fauci told me on 3/17: The testing delay “was nobody’s fault.” It was a regulatory failure of the first order and needs to be studied deeply.  …
GOP governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’ | Raw Story  … via rawstory
Fauci who used NYC to base his ‘shut the economy down’ insane advice is now saying you can’t rely on his models. Science  sense do not mix well. Oil and vinegar. WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  …
Know when I’ll trust Fauci’s  When he agrees to freeze all of his current assets and live off of the unemployment benefits the average American will receive during the shutdown.
I am very suspicious of Dr. Fauci, I just cannot trust a man who says one thing to one outlet(liberal) and then something different on Fox or the press conference. He is a big supporter for the elites in WHO and our CDC. He is Pushing Total Shutdown as China is wanting.  …
Psychic, now? Spilling deep state beans? Hypothesis? Or coincidence? Your thoughts, Patriots? WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Before He Became Dr. Anthony Fauci, 'Fauch' Led His H.S. Basketball Team- great story about a national hero, who makes me proud to be a physician-scientist.  …
What A Coincidence Hillary Fan Dr. Fauci In 2017: #PresidentTrump Will Be Challenged By A Surprise Global Disease Outbreak (VIDEO) #WuhanCoronaVirus  …
NOW I KNOW WHY FAUCI MAKES ME GROUCHY 
In 2017 Dr. Fauci warns Trump administration they will deal with a chronic disease based off his 32 years of dealing with diseases. WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Dr. Fauci is NOT a prophet. He works for the NWO and he is part of their agenda and to make sure the American people follow the NWO agenda.  …
I see the “Fire Fauci” momentum is beginning to pick up steam in MAGA world.
So, how @realDonaldTrump reverse course, open America, and salvage his presidency? Keep Fauci off TV. Stop predicting death counts from models at the corona press conferences. Find credible doctors to go on TV and tout #Hydroxycloroquine stat. EO’s reversing state lockdowns.
What's your take on Fauci and Birx? 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says stay-at-home order should be extended to all 50 states  
#FOX’s IRRESPONSIBLE PROPAGANDA “We Should Never Let Someone Like That Run This Country’ Tucker Carlson Says Dr. #Fauci’s Advice Could Lead To ‘National Suicide’ This is #FoxNews MISINFORMING #MAGA viewers #MOG  …
Maeve Kennedy Townsend McKean associated with Dr. Anthony Fauci. The URL was archived 5 days prior to her death! HMM.. Very sus.  
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
I love Dr Fauci very much. But even he mis-called it on Jan 21st. So many missed the ball on this. But Dr Fauci was much more concerned by late Jan and early Feb when I attended a panel with him at @AspenInstitute.  …
FLASHBACK: Jan. 21: Fauci Says Coronavirus ‘Not A Major Threat’ To US  …
One of the only honest people in this administration wants to know why the whole nation isn’t staying at home to tame #coronavirus. “I don’t understand why that’s not happening," said Dr. Fauci.  …
Am I the only one that feels Lil Dr. Fauci is here with an agenda? Maybe we should start calling him the Grim Reaper or the antichrist who despises Pres Trump. This is the guy who stated masks aren’t beneficial only to do a 360. What is this man’s agenda? What is his purpose?
WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci, January 21st “This is not a major threat for the people of the United States and this is not something that the citizens of the United States should right now be worried about.” Media: Trump didnt act fast enough @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
 Here's Dr Fauci way back in 2017 saying "No doubt Trump will have to deal with a Surprise Pandemic during his presidency!" Deep State calling This is some
I am almost sure that Dr Doom Fauci has been working for Gates, Soros, the NWO and the Dems on this matter.  …
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
Dr. Fauci: “I don't understand” why all US states are not under stay-at-home orders. 
Dr. Fauci: It 'Boggles My Mind' That China's Wet Markets Aren't Shut Down  … via @SaraCarterDC
Dr. Anthony Fauci, one of the nation’s top doctors leading the public health fight against the coronavirus pandemic, warned that the U.S. is currently “in a very difficult period. It will get worse before it gets better.” 
Trying to channel Dr. Anthony Fauci's inner monologue I SEE YOU DOCTOR NONNO THANK YOU FOR TRYING 
"People who are without symptoms at all can transmit the virus. And they can do it even by speaking. The force of the voice is enough." Anthony Fauci on why EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE WEARING A MASK IN PUBLIC.
Fauci + Birx = DeepState  …
Fauci and Birx BOTH Have Big-Money Bill Gates Conflicts of Interest via  …
Dr Fauci & Democrats in Congress have guaranteed jobs &  so they don't feel pain of the people. I propose taking away their salaries until USA is open 4 business. Congress & Dr Fauci should make -0- just like rest of us. I'm guessing they'd quickly see things differently
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
WaPo is reporting..so..if correct, Fauci fessed up to what some have been shouting.The models they have been using to advise our President and State Govonors r cr@p. #TwilightZone time. WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  …
Sweden doesn't have Fauci and Birx pushing Gates Foundation propaganda to convince public to get a microchip for "tracing" outbreaks and a vaccine Everyone ignores the speech Gates gave a few years ago on using vaccines for population control Sheep lined up for the slaughter
Iowa's GOP governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’  …
Feb. 17: Dr. Fauci - the US's go-to viral expert - said the coronavirus risk to US citizens is "minuscule". The "real and present danger" is the seasonal flu. Coronavirus risk is "hypothetical" and not something people should worry about. Wash your hands.  
“This is not a major threat for the people in United States, and this is not something the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about” -Dr. Anthony Fauci January 21, 2020 
WH Coronavirus Task Force Member Dr. Anthony Fauci calls for closure of China's wildlife markets: "I think they should shut down those things right away, I mean it just it boggles my mind how when we have so many diseases that emanate out of that unusual human-animal interface" 
WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  …
#PandemicSexTapeTitles The Erotic Adventures of Dr. Fauci 
POS==>. WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
Dr Fauci "Quarantine till no infections or death" Are we to believe what the proven liars in MSM & @DNC want us to believe? Quietly stop existing the way we once did? Stay indoors, quarantine nation, collapse monetary system? Our nation's falling & nothing's bing done 2 stop 
‘We Should Never Let Someone Like That Run This Country’: Tucker Carlson Says Dr. Fauci’s Advice Could Lead To ‘National Suicide’  … via @dailycaller
Fauci says all US states should have stay-home orders to slow coronavirus spread  …
Dr Fauci Says Wet Markets Should Be Shut Down ‘Right Away.’  …
Fauci, speaking at Georgetown University, 2017 announces, "There will be a surprise outbreak." I wonder how often the weasel speaks with Soros or one of his lackeys? 
Hmmm... Do you trust CDC and Dr. Fauci? 
President Trump says he does not plan to wear a face mask despite  from the CDC and Dr. Fauci 
He didn't. As a scientist, he has to wait for double-blind tests. But Trump isn't a scientist, so he ordered the FDA to fast-track it, and Fauci didn't protest.
In 2017 at the forum on pandemic preparedness, Georgetown University Fauci made a statement that the Trump administration will not only be challenged by ongoing global health threats, but also a surprise disease outbreak. I say it’s time to change doctor!  …
What grade would you give Dr. Fauci?
Well, it's not like #Birk and #Fauci are on Gates' payroll from years back already, oh wait, actually they still are getting grant money from the #GatesFoundation and serve on his medical boards. They may end up  whatever Gates  …
This is how Dr. Anthony Fauci became America's top doc 
He should fire Dr Fauci and hire @va_shiva .
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
Purely opinion on my part, based upon observation and tested in the laboratory of decades of experience: The media's hysteria-induced Stalinist shut down is starting to tear at the seams. The media's Merlin (Fauci) is beginning to look silly; the media's tea leaves (statistical
Someone please ask Dr. Mole Fauci who wants to lock up every single middle class person in America indefinitely in their homes, how are crackheads perambulating together sharing needles while sleeping in feces are still alive during Corona Hoax still alive? 
“I have found, and it’s proven time and time again: stick with the science,  out of the politics,” says Dr. Fauci. “I have no ideology. My ideology is health, public health, and science” 
If Fauci knew that why was his CDS so unprepared?
This guy is all over the place-WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH? 
Soros said at Davos 2017 he'd take down the economy to get rid of Trump. Trump fell right into the trap, thanks to Fauci and the globalist agenda. The world was lit on fire by the globalists and Trump was assaulted along with the rest of us.  …
Actually TRUMP KNEW Dec 31st. Dr Fauci said on PBS tonight that he understood clearly in very early January how dangerous this VIRUS WAS. TRUMP was updated daily. But the whole WORLD knew JAN 20TH WHEN China locked down 11 million people due to so may deaths. No confusion there.
She was hired by Obama for global health. She's just trying not to get Captain Croziered because, unlike in the military filled with honorable people, if she leaves, it's just Dr. Fauci left and Trump already hates him.
Fauci (NIAID), Glaxo Smith Kline (GSK), Gates, CDC, WHO, GAVI, UNAIDS, Walter Reed Army Institute for Research (WRAIR) came together to produce the Malaria Vaccine Mosquirix. Being that development started over 30 years ago, it’s not surprising to see so many involved. 
"Sometimes I'll ask him  because that's the first question that you and a couple others from the fake news establishment ask..." @realDonaldTrump reacts to being asked by @Acosta where Dr. Fauci is. 
Really?? We don’t believe you and your fake models anymore. We are on to you and your puppets Fauci and Birx. Huge conflicts of interest. We are on to your proxiwar against @realDonaldTrump. Thanks  …
Stop listening to Fauci @realDonaldTrump! Open the country back up to work. He's been wrong about everything. Everything! If he had his way, we wouldn't have a country. He's deep state! Tucker: Dr. Anthony Fauci shouldn't be making economic decisions  …
This bakery is paying tribute to Dr. Fauci with custom cookies and doughnuts 
China releases disease, Nancy delays impeachment, media blows it out of proportion, Fauci lies early about seriousness/now he keeps telling us it's getting worse, AOC starts calling it racist, Pelosi pushes here voting scam, & Schiff opens investigations. I can see clearly now.
Today, Trump excluded Fauci from the briefing (at the last minute), got testy with a reporter defending Kushner, avoided Acosta, made a horribly uncouth joke, wheezed a little, sniffled a lot, watched the market drop, the death toll rise, and fired the Inspector General. Full day
Another reason to love Dr. Fauci: His wife is from New Jersey  
Fauci deep state traitor #KeepUrEnemiesClose 
Trump is fully aware of his Judas aka Dr. Fauci. Mark my words...Trump is using Fauci, he’s a master at the Art of War. #Artofwar #keepyourfriendsclose #keepyourenemiescloser
White House advisor Dr. Fauci works 20-hour days and his wife reminds him to eat, sleep and drink water || Via: CNBC  …
Thank you for exposing this Chuck, people beware! Fauci has connections with The WHO, Bill Gates who also predicted the outbreak and the China bio-labs. Not a coincidence!
Tucker: Dr. Anthony Fauci shouldn't be making economic decisions | Fox News Video ⁦ @Kevin_Shipp⁩ ⁦ @StevePieczenik⁩ ⁦  …
Good news is Dr. Fauci will let us know its effectiveness in about 3 years.  …
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO)  …
#Coronavirus | Anthony Fauci, head of infectious diseases at the National Institutes of Health, cited “recent information that the virus can actually be spread even when people just speak as opposed to coughing and sneezing.” 
Medical advisers like Fauci & Birx should quit and speak truth on TV. They shouldn't stand by while he lies & undermines them. 
#Trump doesn’t care about anyone but himself. #Fauci says you wear mask so as not to infect other(s) if you are asymptotic. But Trump cavalierly dismisses it’s use because caring out for others not in his quiver. #TrumpPressBriefing  …
Fauci & Birx BOTH Have Big-Money Bill Gates Conflicts of Interest Coronavirus response team member Dr. Birx sits on board of a group that received billions from Gates Birx reportedly used a disputed Gates-funded model for White Houses’ Coronavirus effort  … 
This is how Dr. Fauci must feel leading the response against the COVID-19 pandemic and at the same time dealing with the the current administración. 
But the thing is, did they know any of those things with any certainty about H1N1 before 12,600 people died from it? Did they use a predictive model then? What assumptions were they using? I want someone to ask Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci so Americans can hear their answers.
This...is not accurate. Positive  in patients taking HCQ are different than positive  in patients BECAUSE of HCQ. Scientifically you need to prove statistical significance. Fauci is simply using scientific standards.  …
Gross Thousands sign a petition to make Fauci People magazines sexiest man alive.  …
#SARSCoV2 spreads via normal breathing & speaking, according to Dr Tony Fauci. He said recent data show that speaking, not just coughing/sneezing spread infection. Fact has been known since 1918 Flu when Illinois health officials urged physical distancing  
He should fire Fauci
Stop with foot dragging it’s time to ignore Fauci who I respect & pull the trigger on getting hydroxychloroqine out to the public @realDonaldTrump and get America back on track as well as reigniting the economy. It’s a ploy of the lunatic Left Dems to slow it down. Delay no more.
Fauci is saying that all states SHOULD BE ON THE SAME PAGE. He's NOT saying that Trump should issue a federal stay-at-home order. CLEARLY is Trump did so, all the blue states would immediately defy it.
"Even Fauci was more equivocal Thursday in his support of a stay-at-home order imposed by the administration."
Fauci DID NOT say he endorsed a federal stay-at-home order, which Politico acknowledges.
It’s don’t wear a mask, do wear a mask. overrun? Fake pictures. Low risk per Fauci; then it’s going to kill millions; oops, hundreds of thousands; oops, we have no idea... #infected? Fatality rate? No data. This is your gov’t who decides whichshould be given to your.
Fauci and  demonstrate no one can blame Donald Trump. History will show his handling of the crisis has been exceptional.  …
Tucker Carlson says Fauci has been "wrong repeatedly," condemns call for national quarantine as "national suicide"  …
Anthony Fauci: the guidance on masks would be changed "because of some recent information that the virus can actually be spread even when people just speak, as opposed to coughing and sneezing."  … via @medical_xpress
We knew there was something up with Fauci and Birx...  …
#COVID19 facts: - 2017, World Bank sets up a financial instrument to profit from a COVID pandemic:  … - 2017, Dr. Fauci prophesies a "surprise infectious outbreak":  … - 2020, mass hysteria built on FAULTY  …
Tony Fauci's fumbling of the hydroxychloroquine remedy will be what he's remembered for. It's sad to watch. That, along with the preposterousness of his "models", will end up being an ignominious denouement to a storied career
WHOA! Dr. Fauci in 2017: President Trump Will Be Challenged By a "Surprise Global Disease Outbreak" (VIDEO) @MarkMeadows @MattGaetz @Jim_Jordan  … via @gatewaypundit
Tucker Carlson was the tip of the spear on taking coronavirus seriously. Now he's rightfully worried that Dr. Fauci's economic advice could lead to "national suicide." Millions in poverty is a "far bigger disaster than the virus itself, by any measure."  …
The daily Trump Show is an odd binge. What strikes me most: The total (Fauci excepted) submissiveness of all others on the stage. Sheep shepherded by the wolf. And that Trump can wing anything  - all words of true caring he reads doggedly from a script.
Mmmmmm. Who do we have here? Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates. Fauci is Deep State. 
My favorite part about nonsensical tweets like this is that the diehard Trumpers say we're being lied to our misled on coronavirus by... Trump. Either Trump is misleading you or he's too weak or dumb to resist the  of Fauci and Brix.  …
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
The attacks on Dr. Fauci are profoundly ignorant and repugnant. The sociopaths are out in full force tonight.
Trump needs to fire Dr. Fauci... #FireFauci
I'm not a big fan of Dr Fauci. I like Dr Birx a lot more.
Fauci: It's mind-boggling that China's wet markets are still operating during coronavirus pandemic  …
Fauci's issues with the models are having a severe negative economic impact. He's literally impacting 10's of millions with his weird science. Time to get an economic task force to balance the cost-benefit.
I’m confused, so many of you all love Fauci but I just heard him say on Trevor Noah’s show that he thinks the gov did the best they could. I did not find that a credible statement.
This is why I argued in my new column that Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci will have to make a choice. Compromise their integrity and oath to appease the emotional wounds and needs of Trump or resign and put the focus on Trump as a public health crisis.
Republican governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’  …
There is an organized attack against Dr. Fauci by Fox News today.
Whoa! Can we trust what Fauci says ?  …
And who's working with the Gates Foundation? Dr. Anthony Fauci & Dr. Deborah Birx. They are not helping America; they're enriching themselves & Bill Gates.
If you need a laugh, watch Sean Hannity. He is bringing out one GOP hack after another blaming China, blaming New York, blaming Fauci. It's a hilarious mix between a deer in headlights and a cornered animal. Two weeks ago the virus was a hoax, now it's everyone else's fault.
She has a Bachelors degree in liberal studies, so she knows more about infectious disease dynamics than Dr. Fauci.
What an idiot Kim Reynolds is. Fauci is an expert in this stuff. Reynolds knows nothing. She seems more like trump every day.  …
... He's done great work, don't misunderstand. But we didn't elect Dr. Fauci, and Dr. Fauci's not the guy that ought to be the one determining when we reopen the economy. - 
Sandra says Dr. Anthony Fauci is providing calm during the storm of the COVID-19 pandemic. What could be sexier than that? Join her call to make #Fauci @People 's Sexiest Man Alive in 2020:  #FauciFriday 
Dr. Fauci needs to resign. He downplayed the virus in January and February now way overreacts and wants entire country shut down. #FireFauci
WOW! Dr. Fauci Now Says, "You Can't Really Rely Upon Models" ...WTH?  … via @gatewaypundit
President Trump: Dismiss Gates Shills Fauci and Birx  …
“There is no region in the country, in my mind, that's going to be exempt from an outbreak,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci 
Will the Blue Checks start talking about PEPFAR? Pepfar is the taxpayer funded monster which was created by #Fauci. It funds The Global Fund which was created by #Gates. #Birx runs PEPFAR & sits on the Board of the Global Fund. PEPFAR's first director now chairs the Global 
"Thanks" to the Daily Caller for including me in their "reckless media" story about Dr. Fauci. "Reckless" doesn't mean telling people what happened in the briefing. 
Here’s the full episode: Gary Gulman's Tips For Sports Fans, Dr. Anthony Fauci's Athletic Career, And More | Only A Game ⁦  …
Dr. Fauci suggested Thursday night that all Americans should be under a stay-at-home order to mitigate the spread of the coronavirus, and that all states should be operating under the same guidelines. 
Mr President, @realDonaldTrump Who is in charge, you or Dr Fauci? This country is in a full-on economic collapse. We cannot sustain this shutdown, even for another month.
Did you know that Dr Fauci,the doctor for the White House Corona Virus task Force is on the Leadership council for the Gates Foundation? Now you do. READ about Bill Gates’ Quantum Dot Digital Tattoo Implant to Track COVID-19 Vaccine Compliance. #LockDown  
For all the crap I get for criticizing Trump, I think Trump is right to listen to Fauci. But Trump's biggest enablers think he's wrong but won't say so directly. So they attack Fauci as if Trump has no agency whatsoever. It's pathetic. Don't like the policy? Blame the decider.  …
Listen to Dr. Fauci — WE NEED TO CLOSE WET MARKETS, NOW! #COVID19 originated in a live-animal market. Everyone's lives are at risk by keeping these breeding grounds for disease open! TAKE ACTION:  
Both her and Fauci have had millions from the Gates foundation pumped into organisations they are on the board of. The man is not the saviour, he's the architect.  …
At a time when most advanced industrialized nations (and many others) are following pretty much the same guidance Fauci advocates, it is just pathetic that he's being scapegoated for decisions *Trump* is making -- all because the scapegoaters are too cowardly to blame Trump .
Their scapegoating of Dr Fauci has begun.  …
Fauci also shared some details about certain exchanges with President Trump, saying that when the president drafts remarks for coronavirus-related press conferences, the president “almost always” ignores Fauci’s suggested edits. via @ABC
Bill Gates is not America’s friend. He wants to control the vaccine market for coronavirus. Fauci and Birx are followers. Very bad relationships for us. Beware  …
Tucker describes Fauci's role perfectly. That little punk has no skin in the game. 
So now we're attacking Fauci for saying Americans were not at risk on January 21st? At that point China was destroying info and hasn't gone on lockdown yet. This is insanity. Trump said on February 27th "within a couple of days is going to be down to zero." This isn't on Fauci.  …
Do you trust Dr. Fauci?
The last time I checked Dr. Fauci didn’t run this country. The last time I checked donald trump claimed to run this country. If given the choice though, would you vote for Dr. Fauci before you would vote for Donald Trump?  …
I think Dr Fauci was planted by Dems and so many others to make President Trump look bad.  destroy the economy. Fauci changes his mind with the wind. He is clueless, a place where they want him. Trump needs a new team.  …
Meanwhile, Fox is scapegoating national treasure Dr Fauci.  …
* * What Fauci is Missing * * Fatality rates in NY/CHI/ATL/NOLO/DC vs Cali CA rely on cars not bus / trains CA 1 of the best obesity rates Elevators Social distance It ain’t some action by CA. It’s a culture. @BretBaier @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson 
Unlike most Americans, Dr Fauci has a secure job with a hefty paycheck. He has the luxury of telling others to stay home while he continues to collect. Tucker/Fauci Thread 5/5 
Those are long gone. Fauci is doing a good job helping navigate coronavirus and Trump’s temper, but anything non-pandemic related? Zero adults
Not surprised. In true Fox News fashion, scumbags like @TuckerCarlson are vilifying Dr. Fauci all at the order of Trump to carry his now bloody water. This is truly disgusting.  …
Tucker/Fauci Thread 3/5 
Tucker Carlson says Anthony Fauci is proposing "national suicide" 
UPDATE: Fauci reached out to CNN to clarify he was not "bumped." Dr. Fauci: "Because the topic today was masks it made sense for the Surgeon General and CDC Director to be there." (During briefing, Trump also said there's no issue w/Fauci)  …
Plot twist: Dr. Fauci has been more publicly critical of reporters than of @realDonaldTrump. #coronavirus  …
OBSERVATION: Dr. Anthony Fauci does a lot of interviews.
Tucker Carlson on Dr. Fauci: "He has the luxury of looking at the world through the narrow lens of his profession. He doesn't seem to think much outside that lens."
Pull a few brilliant physicians who work in real America. Have them “advise.” Doctors from West Virginia. Wyoming. Tennessee. Fauci is not smarter or more experienced than anyone in that realm. He just isn’t.
Tucker going hard at Fauci tonight. HOORAH!
So far, Tucker is the only one not kissing Fauci's a*s.
. @TuckerCarlson: "Fauci has the luxury of looking at the world through his narrow lense." He goes on to play the "economically inconvenient" remark, which was the most insensitive, politically stupid statement I think I've ever heard.
BOOM! Dr. Fauci Shuts Down Media Claims — Says Trump Took COVID Seriously ‘From The Beginning’ Not a great witness for Psycho Pelosi+her band of dimwits now going after Trump for deaths, permitting COVID to spread VOTE RED TIX 2020 TAKE BACK HOUSE!  …
And just like clockwork, Tucker goes negative on Dr. Fauci 
How many out there believe that Dr. Fauci was canned at the last minute from the Press Conference, b/c he said, yesterday that he couldn’t understand why there wasn’t a nation wide “stay at home” order?? Sounds like Trump, doesn’t it??
Reynolds is  college dropout with two DWIs. Dr. Fauci is an immunologist who has served as the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984.  …
his will work for Rube Nation, who will bury grandma while cursing Obama and Xi and Fauci. But it's going to be a tough sell to anyone who isn't glued to Fox all day. Trump will always have his 40% , but this really is the last stop in Crazy Town for what's left of the GOP. /4
The only way the Trump cult will square this circle is by setting up the explanations you see them concocting already: - Inflate death estimates, then claim Trump saved millions - blame China - blame Fauci and the doctors - blame the Deep State (see "Fauci and the doctors") /3
FLASHBACK: Jan. 21: Fauci Says Coronavirus ‘Not A Major Threat’ To U.S.  …
Of the top 40 stories about Anthony Fauci by interactions on social media, none had negative sentiment, and several were positively glowing.  …
I’ve about hit my limit with President Fauci. The prick now wants the entire country locked down.
If like me you wonder why Dr. #Fauci is trying so hard to work with the President - this explains it perfectly. 
“This is not a major threat for the people in United States" - Dr. Fauci, Jan 21, 2020 Connect w MAGA Patriots Retweet Reply w your @(handle) Follow all that RT or Reply Bookmark  & follow more Please Follow SpaceForceOne @amicah1 IFB all MAGA  …
Of course- Trump fires anyone he thinks is smarter than him, which includes  Fauci is an exception, Trump knows if he fires Fauci, it will be the end of Trump.
Please @KimReynoldsIA, share with us the information you have that Dr Fauci doesn’t.  …
. @GOP How many people are we going to throw under the bus to kiss up to Trump? is the . @GOP going to let Dr. Fauci and his life long dedication to public health be subjected to this garbage from Sean Spicer?  …
Dear @Acosta Dr. Fauci is not Waldo. It’s not your job to find him. Signed, America *what I wist @realDonaldTrump would say. H/T @antonzilwicky54
- - - Thousands of Americans are dying and we get Jared Instead of Dr. Fauci. It's more of a crime scene than a federal response to a pandemic, and Trump's greasy fingerprints are all over it. 
Iowa governor thinks she knows more about the coronavirus and epidemiology than Dr. Fauci. Iowa, you need a better governor.  …
Fauci: 'I don't understand why' every state hasn't issued stay-at-home orders || Via CNN  …
"Dr. Fauci and Deborah" Ugh... #WomeninSTEM #TimesUp @choo_ek
Donald trump is clearly intimidated by the fact that America trusts Dr. Fauci more than him. His exclusion from the briefing is in response to Fauci’s media appearances. Trump is keeping America in the dark bc he is jealous of the attention Fauci gets. #whereisfauci
Dr. Fauci is a Big Pharma vaccine promoter, and is drunk with new found power. @realDonaldTrump please #FireFauci
Dr. Anthony Fauci says wet markets should be shut down right away! “I would like to see the rest of the world really lean with a lot of pressure on those countries that have that. Because what we’re going through right now is a direct result of that.” #COVID19 
Does this mean that every FLU SEASON, which kills hundreds of THOUSANDS of Americans every year we shut the country down America really has turned into a nation of SNOWFLAKE PUSSIES! I think Dr Fauci is full of SHIT and his hat don't fit 75 MILLION people died during WWII
Breaking news: Fauci calls for closing down wildlife markets around the globe | Kitty Block: A Humane World  …
Iowa Republican Governor Kim Reynolds is still refusing to lock down her state, and now she’s attacking Dr. Fauci. May she burn in hell for the murders 
WHICH SET OF NUMBERS IS MORE DAMAGING •10 million Americans applied for unemployment in past two weeks. •US #Covid19 270K cases 6800 deaths. •Unemployment offices not capable of influx. •Fauci wants all states shut down. Will unemployment numbers double again this week?
Am I the only one who heard Tony Fauci on The Daily and elsewhere this week saying he realized this was a serious threat in mid January? And yet well into March he stood at press conferences lending his gravitas and credibility and emphasizing "the risk to Americans remains low"?
White House advisor Fauci says coronavirus vaccine trial is on target and will be 'ultimate game changer'. And guess who funds Moderna. Yep Bill Gates. We’re being had people.
How long before Fauci quits/is fired? 
Because it's cheap and will eliminate the need for a vaccine. Ask Dr. Fauci!
Dr. Fauci calls for social distances until there is zero new cases, zero deaths.
During the daily coronavirus briefing, CNN’s Jim Acosta wanted to know where the star of the show, Dr. Fauci, was. President Trump didn't seem to like that. 
BFF's with Fauci also. They are partnering on the vaccines. And who is advising the WH? Fauci. Follow the money.
Breaking news: Fauci calls for closing down wildlife markets around the globe  … via @humanesociety
At some point we're going to have to give Dr. Fauci the middle finger and go back to work.
So Sharon is calling Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx, The Surgeon Generals, the wonderful members of our military, the brilliant head of CMS, the CDC & HHS leaders as well as the FDA liars. Or she’s never watched & has no idea who is speaking. Silly Sharon.  …
This is a cause I can stand by. I've been screaming about it for a long time. KEEP DONALD TRUMP'S POISONOUS BILE OUT OF OUR LIVING ROOMS! WE'RE TIRED OF SEEING IT EVERY DAY. We only want to see DR FAUCI. I don't want to see doctor Birx...Methinks she drank the Kool-Aid 
CNN’s Jim Acosta asking where’s Fauci? What  jackass this CNN character. A damn epidemic underway and this sorry hack is asking gotcha questions. Pathetic.  …
Trump Gets Testy With CNN’s Acosta at Coronavirus Briefing When He Asks Where Dr. Fauci Is  #StopAiringTrumpNow
CNN reports that Fauci was in fact bumped from the briefing today at the last minute.
To add to the excellent recent report by @HowleyReporter on Fauci & Birx connections to Bill Gates via Moderna (and other things).. here is a thread I did re Moderna's connections. #Plandemic  …
Trump can’t dump him now. PencilDick Schiff is launching an “investigation.” Fauci will make up all kinds of lies to make Trump look bad. We’re stuck with that little shit bag drama queen midget Deep Stater. Unfortunately.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci on China's handling of COVID-19 early on: Their "delay in transparency, I think likely had an impact on ... the awareness that this could seed the rest of the world." @JudyWoodruff: And that points back to Chinese officials? Dr. Fauci: "Looks that way." 
Dr. Anthony Fauci also told me him not being at the WH briefing today was "merely a matter of priority." "I am on extremely good terms with the president and vice president," Fauci said. I asked, is it true that you were excluded? Fauci said, "That's absolutely not true."
When did Dr. Anthony Fauci first know that novel coronavirus was going to be something serious? In early-to-mid January, he tells @JudyWoodruff, "it became clear to me that this was not just another SARS, it wasn't another MERS ... this was 
NEW: Dr. Fauci just told me it is "absolutely not true" that he was excluded from today's WH briefing. "It was just a matter of how many ppl you want up there & the subject matter was much more suited to the Surgeon General & the Director of the CDC. There is no problem at all."
#Trump Rejects NATIONAL STAY AT HOME Order This Ignores #Fauci’s  A national stay at home order would mean that Trump owns the pandemic. Trump is doing everything he can to try to BLAME THE GOVERNOR’S for the spread of coronavirus.  …
“We don’t operate on how you feel. We operate on what evidence is, and data is,” Dr. Fauci said. 
Zero confidence in Fauci at this point. @realDonaldTrump need to make a change  …
Its being reported from CNN that Dr. Fauci was omitted from the briefing INTENTIONALLY trump didn't want him there..and you know why..because Dr. Fauci said the US should be under a national order for people stay at home in order to SURVIVE this #trumppressbriefing
Found Dr. Fauci A real mystery, 
WATCH: Fauci calls for all states to have stay-at-home orders: "I just don't understand why we're not doing that."  
Dr. Anthony Fauci on @NewsHour gave us the straight story again tonight on the CoronaVirus. Shameful that some are now threatening him. He is the most valuable and trusted public servant in America.
Trump: "I said it's going away, and it is going away." (In those early "goes  he did not explain that there would be an economic collapse and thousands of deaths before it went away.) (Experts such as Fauci predict the  back after this crisis period.)
Dr. Fauci: “I don't understand” why all US states are not under stay-at-home orders. 
"Experts" go all in on Bill Gates #Coronavirus Model- Dr. Birx and Dr. Doom Fauci - We know the plan already- There is no step 5 ! Buckle up Folks!  
"I wouldn't fixate that the virus is going to hang around for weeks and months and you can't touch anything that's inanimate," Dr. Anthony Fauci tells @JudyWoodruff. "That's really not the case." The most important thing you can do? "Wash your hands as frequently as 
Speaking with @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:00 pm on Fox News about the need to close China’s Wet Markets As Dr. Fauci said, “It boggles my mind how when we have so many diseases that emanate out of that unusual human-animal interface, that we don't just shut it down.”
Dr. Fauci has been replaced by Jared. It was a good run America. Nice knowing you.
Genius Fauci... 21 January, tells America not to worry, yesterday he wants to shut down the whole fucking country. 6000 doctors in 30 countries say that #Hydrochloroquine is working, Fauci says he’s not sure it works.  …
Dr. Fauci told @JudyWoodruff that the mask CDC guidance was changed because studies show the virus can be spread just by someone talking. He also stressed wearing a mask is to protect ppl wearing the masks from spreading the  …
I think it's really great #Fauci finally has security detail now - we wouldn't want anything to happen to him before he's eventually put on trial for defrauding the American people with made-up #COVID19 "240,000 dead"  …
"We want to make sure that people don't all of a sudden go out, buy and hoard masks that are most appropriately used and necessary for the front-line health care workers who do need it for the clear and present danger" they face. — Dr. Anthony Fauci to 
Gov. Kim Reynolds on Dr. Fauci: 'Maybe he doesn't have all the information' Watch this video. This lady is a moron. No medical/scientific education or experience whatsoever and she says this. Do the republicans have any smart people left in their party?  …
New nick: Dr Fauci=Dr. Fallacy
LFDC’s Guide to COVID-19 Weekends: DO practice kindness toward yourself. DON’T call day drinking self care. DON’T trigger anger and sorrow by watcing the president’s press briefings. DO write Dr. Fauci fan fiction. DO reach out for help. DON’T call Helper Pat (he’s shrooming)
Jim @Acosta: “Where is Dr. Fauci?” President Trump: “Every time you ask that question.. whenever he’s not here.. you say ‘Where is he?’ and you’ll say ‘Is there a problem?’ No problem whatsoever... Go ahead Jim, try another one.”  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci to @JudyWoodruff: "There is no region in the country, in my mind, that's going to be exempt from an outbreak if you do not do the appropriate mitigation 
Anyone besides me find it odd that while everyone else is enthusiastic about #Hydroxychloroquine, Fauci is the only one who keeps downplaying it? We also know he is a Hillary plant. We also know he is a big pharma plant. This guy stinks.  …
The degree to which Trump is pushing-back at speculation that a rift/animosity has developed between Trump and Dr. Fauci, suggests that Trump is lying. "The gentleman doth protest too much, methinks." (apologies to Shakespeare and to gentlemen). #Coronavirus #COVID19
NEW: WH source tells me Dr. Fauci isn't at today's briefing bc WH is "keeping with social distancing." Says: "We had two ppl each on the stage (Azar for uninsured & Birx) and we had the CDC Director for the CDC guidance. We’re announcing with the Surgeon General..Nothing more!"
President @realDonaldTrump EXPOSES the antics of CNN’s Jim Acosta “That’s the first question that you and a couple of others in the Fake News Establishment ask: ‘Where is Dr. Fauci?’” “We’re doing great together!” 
'I just don't understand why we're not doing that' — Dr. Fauci says all states should be under a stay-at-home order 
. @Acosta cannot help himself. If anybody dropped the fucking ball it was China! Ask Dr. Fauci why they weren’t prepared... A guy that was in charge under @BarackObama and has been in charge since President Reagan.
Acosta goes with “Where is Dr. Fauci?” as his 1st question w/the implication that he’s being muzzled or an issue exists with the president. Note: Fauci has answered more questions & done more interviews than anyone. And Dr. Birx is there as task force members have been rotated in
Here's Fauci on Feb. 2: "It’s very, very transmissible, and it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic."   …
Dr. Fauci wrote an email to 1 of Grandma Death’s assistants praising her & professing his love for her. If this “crisis” goes away quickly, his 15 minutes of fame are over. I sense his giddiness w/every bit of bad news. He’s been on late night “comedy” talk shows. Ain’t normal.
Trump says he doesn't know where Dr. Fauci is and then attacks @Acosta for asking him about his whereabouts in the first 
Trump disagrees with Fauci, who says all states should have stay-at-home orders. “Leave it up to the governors. States we are talking about are not in jeopardy.”
Trump after shooting down Acosta’s question about Fauci: “Go ahead Jim, try another one.”
Asked where Fauci is, Trump says, "I don't know...but whenever he's not here...sometimes I'll ask him  because "the fake news" will ask where he is.
CNN banner below Trump, Fauci last min exclusion from today Presser. Who knows if it's true. It's CNN.
Now why would the White House exclude Dr. Fauci from this presser? I'm sure it has absolutely nothing to do with his honest appraisal of this pandemic and what saving lives requires.
NO FAUCI. NO BRIEFING. #whereisfauci #StopAiringTrump #TrumpPressBriefing
Now CNN is reporting that Dr. Fauci was "excluded" from the #coronavirus briefing at the last minute. And #whereisfauci is trending in the  …
Fauci and Birx BOTH Have Big-Money Bill Gates Conflicts of Interest - National File  …
CNN chyron reporting that Dr. Fauci was excluded from today’s press conference at the last minute. Yesterday he said he didn’t understand why there isn’t a national stay at home order. 
Unless Fauci is there, the briefing is useless. Birx doesn't count for much; other than telling people to stay socially distant, it is mostly corporate-speak, the use of the word "granular," & her daily scarf. The rest of the Trump cabal at the briefing are flunkies & imbeciles.  …
WHY IS DR. FAUCI EXCLUDED ????.
if fauci is banned all news shouldnt air his presser... shut down the disinfo killing people
Iowa Medical Board: issue a shelter-in-place Dr. Anthony Fauci: issue a shelter-in-place Countless disease specialist: issue a shelter-in-place 45 other states: issue a shelter-in-place Gov. Kim Reynolds: 
When it was announced that Dr. Fauci had his own #bobblehead and there was a campaign to name him Sexiest Man of the Year, I knew Trump would go bonkers with envy and block him from further pressers #Fauci #whereisfauci
Breaking news: Fauci calls for closing down wildlife markets around the globe  … via @humanesociety
Dr Fauci shares frustration w Anderson Cooper He says he doesn't understand why #Trump hasn't issued #StayAtHome > entire country ‘I just don’t understand why we’re not doing that’: Fauci calls for nationwide stay-at-home order, despite Trump’s resistance  …
“The virus makes the decisions. We don’t.” ~ Dr. Fauci
If Fauci was purposely excluded then whatever is shared today is a LIE!!! #COVID2019 #whereisfauci
Susan Collins will be very disappointed when Trump fires Dr. Fauci and gets even more of us killed
We most likely won't be seeing Dr. Fauci again.  …
"GOP governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’" Oh, and she does?!?  …
WHERE IS DR. FAUCI?
Fauci excluded from briefing in last-minute decision?????? So, he wouldn’t go out there and lie for Trump. We’re heading down a dangerous path. #WhereIsFauci
@CNN cut the feed - no Fauci - no sense in tuning in.
Fauci banned from press conference. @CNN #COVID19
If Fauci is benched we are all deader than Richard Nixon.
Without Dr. Fauci what is the point of a briefing?
CNN saying Fauci was excluded from briefing in last minute decision. Oh man this is bad.
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci was excluded from today’s coronavirus briefing in a last minute decision, source tells CNN. This is an absolute outrage. #StopAiringTrumpNow
Wait ... Dr. Fauci got sidelined for this one? What?!
Trump: "Hydroxychloroquine, I don't know. It's looking like it's having some good results. I hope that that would be a phenomenal thing." Fauci this AM on Fox cautioned against over-hype and reducing supply for people who need it for other conditions.  …
FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci in Jan. 21 “this is not a major threat to the United States” Democrats, President Trump listened to the experts Stop with your hate you will anyway not succeed! RT This! Schiff shouldn’t open a investigation!!! 
Given that Iowa has doubled its case load since last Saturday, @KimReynoldsIA should be questioning her own judgment, not Dr. Fauci's. IA's fatality rate is 1.5%. Why would she want that to climb?
FAUCI UPDATE - from @Acosta - A source familiar says there was a last minute decision to exclude Dr. Fauci from today's Coronavirus news conference at the White House.
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci has been telling Trump to issue a national stay at home order, and Trump is refusing to do so, because he hates America. #StopAiringTrumpNow
amazing work on behalf of @KimReynoldsIA who allowed a giant horse auction to continue the other day, but is accusing Dr. Fauci of not having all the information  …
Those in favor of shelter-in-place: -Dr. Fauci: -Iowa Board of Medicine: -45 other states: -Gov. Kim Reynolds: Who is divided over this issue, exactly?  …
Dr. Fauci Sides with Bureaucracy Over Hydroxychloroquine Hope!! Fauci would have us all locked up until September 2021!!  …
No stay-at-home order #Iowa gov #KimReynolds says her refusal to issue a shelter-in-place order has  a "divisive issue"; chastises #Fauci for saying all states should implement one: “I would say that maybe he doesn’t have all the information"  …
IMO, this is BIG news that offers a whole new perspective on the COVID19 "epidemic" in the US! Do you think that Fauci knew about the World Bank pandemic bonds in 2017, when he made his prophesy about Trump facing a "SURPRISE infectious disease outbreak"?  …
Dr. Fauci is urging countries to close wildlife markets. The Center’s Tanya Sanerib says that “we need to go further….To help prevent the next pandemic, the Trump administration should shut down U.S. markets and ban wildlife imports.”  …
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci is not at the coronavirus briefing. There is no reason for anyone to air this garbage. Let’s alone watch it. If you see it on, change the channel. #StopAiringTrumpNow
GOP governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’. IA Governor Kim Reynolds feels it is her duty to der Fu*rer to deliver him as many dead Iowans as possible. S*eg H*il.  …
BIG UPDATES: Fauci and Birx BOTH have MASSIVE Bill Gates conflicts of interest and are BOTH doing Gates' bidding. @realDonaldTrump has Gates Subversives on his team as he fights for Chloroquine. Thanks to @99freemind and @JordanSchachtel for  …
This drug is approved by the FDA but not the DNC! Fauci cautions against 'majestic leap' to believe anti-malaria drug is 'knockout' treatment for coronavirus 
Jan. Flashback: Dr. Fauci Said Coronavirus 'is not a major threat to the people of the United States'  … via @Logan_Ratick
Media finally talks about #Wuhan #BioWeapon lab Better late than never But they will NEVER talk about #bioweapons program that #Fauci, Collins & #NIH continued —AFTER IT WAS SHUTDOWN— at UNC Chapel Hill #coronavirus + Chinese horseshoe bat = chimera MANY, MANY other issues
GOP governor refusing to implement stay-at-home order says Dr. Fauci ‘doesn’t have all the information’  …
What could go wrong with trusting fascist Fauci? These model flaws are a feature to leftists, not a bug. These was never about a bug.  …
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Anthony Fauci has stated that Trump's decision to block travel from China saved a lot of lives If Biden had been president more Americans would now be dead and the pandemic significantly worse 
TONIGHT: @JudyWoodruff interviews Dr. Anthony Fauci about the latest COVID-19 guidance and efforts to address the pandemic in the United States. Watch at 6 p.m. Eastern: Online at  On your local @PBS station:  
Dr. Fauci Schools Fox & Friends For Their Support Of Snake Oil Salesmen Dr. Oz 
Well I have a theory about experts that are wrong all the time , they are no longer experts ! “Dr. Fauci “  …
Fauci also doesn't understand how people not being able to house or feed their families is more than an "inconvenience" Get this guy OUT of the WH
Umm....Mr President @realDonaldTrump , I think it’s time to part ways with Dr Fauci...He’s a setback and pretty much useless. #CoronavirusPandemic #FridayFeeling #AmericaFirst #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver #VoteRedToSaveAmerica  …
Fauci, February 17th : "Risk of coronavirus in USA is 'minuscule';" "skip the masks.... don't worry about catching anything from Chinese products and certainly don't avoid Chinese people or restaurants."  …
I like your spirit. But Dems are cheering this purposeful economic destruction on and as long as they have god (Fauci) at the mic and running the country, your proposals wont be fast enough to stop  God help us all.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "We have a 'hint' of positive evidence on anti-malaria drug." Just a hint? Everyone who has tried it has had wild success. You just can't admit you're wrong you hack. Meanwhile you're absolutely sure 200,000 will die. What a loser.
Reminder: Dr. Fauci Doesn't have authorization to open or close a nation. He has an opinion and that's all he has.
Ma'am, if we need advice about dropping out  college or getting a DUI, we'll ask you. When  to viruses in general and Covid-19 in particular, Dr Fauci does have all the information. Take a seat.
I did not know that, but I'm not surprised. This #COVID19 "crisis" starts to really worry me: - Faulty models used to create irrational panic - Dr. Fauci advising the President to lock down the US economy for months; - People reporting empty hospitals and COVID testing tents.
Fauci-US no need to worry abt COVID19 This is the same man that went from 2M American deaths to 100k-200k. WOW! Watch Dr. Fauci in January: "This Is Not a Major Threat for People in the United States... Not Something Citizens - Should Be Worried About"  …
Do you trust Fauci?
Trump resists a nationwide stay-at-home order. Fauci says 'I don't understand why' some states not acting! You mean Fauci, you're wondering why some people  with this Sham? @realDonaldTrump FIRE  …
Fauci is a If it works, you don't need "studies." Get rid of him @realDonaldTrump Dr. Anthony Fauci: We have a 'hint' of positive evidence on anti-malaria drug  …
So if fauci didnt foresee the severity how do they expect that trump should have?
Dr Fauci does indeed have all info. Admit that your lack of response is purely political and you do not don’t care about the safety of your state but also of our nation. Covid19 will eventually wreak havoc in your state
Predator trump is now blaming Governors for his overwhelmingly disastrous Coronavirus response failure. All reputable media outlets should never again air his Propaganda briefings unless Dr. Fauci and Dr. Fauci alone is speaking. Who agrees?
I think people are really starting to see what's going on here. Can you feel the tide turning? People seeing #Fauci is a #fraud #BillGates is pure evil & #bigpharma isn't going to save us with a #vaccine. Sick of the #CoronaLockdown Give us back our country & our 
Fauci is not out for our best interest or yours Mr President @WhiteHouse 
The biggest fearmongering hoax is underway. Our country is headed to  a colony of China. Anthony Fauci must be fired & indicted.
We have been grateful for steps that have been taken, but there remains a difference between a  that some ignore & an order that only our Gov can give. Dr. Fauci has the information & we should listen. This isn’t divisive, it’s life saving & essential.  …
I wish someone would ask Dr, Fauci this: Assuming we level the curve in the country in a few months and begin to go back to normal, you say a second wave is almost guaranteed in the fall but it won’t be as bad because vaccines serum, etc. Yet you say vaccines yr or more away.
January 21, 2020: “This is NOT a major threat for the people in the United States and this is NOT something that the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about.” ~ Dr. Fauci 
The Cult Comes for Dr. Fauci  … via @BulwarkOnline
When I was warning about the danger of the Wuhan outbreak and calling for a travel ban Dr Fauci was saying there was nothing to worry about
SHOCK VIDEO: Dr. Fauci Was Against America Worrying About Coronavirus, Before He Was For Worrying About it  …
Will President @realDonaldTrump and his Coronavirus Task Force endorse a national stay-at-home order? Dr. Anthony Fauci, a key member of the Task Force, told @CNN: "I just don't understand why we're not doing that." Let's see if we get news at the briefing during the 5PM ET hour.
The Governors' of these states have not declared a Stay At Home order despite medical advice from the White House coronavirus task force - specifically Dr. Anthony Fauci - saying they should: Alabama Arkansas Iowa Missouri Nebraska N. Dakota S. Dakota Wyoming South Carolina Utah
So Fauci is a personal friend of #HillaryClinton & a big #ClintonFoundation contributor & Birx is a #Soros stooge! #CoronaVirusHOAX Outrageous! Dr. Birx Went All-In on Bill Gates-Funded Coronavirus Model—Sits on Gates-Funded Foundation  …
The only person we need to hear from is Dr. Fauci. #StopAiringTrumpNow
They're digging up clips from January 21st of Dr. Fauci saying the virus doesn't threaten Americans "right now" to distract you from the president downplaying the virus  it to the flu well into March.  …
Birx is paid by Bill Gates foundation & Fauci loves HRC. These r the experts @realDonaldTrump has to rely on? What else do we need to know? Outrageous! Dr. Birx Went All-In on Bill Gates-Funded Coronavirus Model - Sits on Gates-Funded Foundation Board  …
Steph Curry started the week hosting a Q&A with Dr. Fauci on Instagram Live that averaged 50k views. He ends it hosting a basketball trivia game show with friends on the NBA's IG page that averages 30k views for almost an hour. He understands the influence social media can have.
Again, our gov't has shut down venues and businesses that dont have cramped crowds, yet they continue to run mass transit. It's all part of Fauci's faulty science.  … #COVID2019
Meet the REAL President (on the right) #Gates and Vice President (on the left) #Fauci Everything else is window dressing and spin  …
Iowa governor Kim Reynolds says her refusal to issue a shelter-in-place order has  a "divisive issue"; chastises Dr. Fauci for saying all states should implement one: "I would say that maybe he doesn’t have all the information"
If Fauci wants to take away everyone's livelihood, then his should be taken away also.
Silly, Fauci. Basing science on numbers and studies rather than an obese gut.  …
When this is all over, I'd love to see Dr Fauci kick Dr. Oz's ass
Kim Reynolds really hopped on her press conference today and said she knows more than Dr Fauci we’re all gonna die
Why would small business think they'll get squeezed out while big business takes all the govt "cheese" History? Experience? why don't they band together & challenge Trump #Fauci #DeepState "guidelines" forcing us into a  …
RE Dr Fauci saying all states should have shelter-in-place order, @IAGovernor says: “I would say that maybe he doesn’t have all the information. You can’t just look at a map and assume no action has been taken.”
Dr. Anthony Fauci suggested that all Americans should be under a stay-at-home order to mitigate the spread of the coronavirus, and that all states should be operating under the same guidelines. "I don't understand why that's not happening."  …
Fauci on #coronavirus on Jan. 21: 'This is not a major threat to the people of the US.' Always hard to predict the future, no matter how much of an 'expert' you  …
Is any one surprised that Chris Wallace ( @FoxNewsSunday) is all hands in for keeping the economy shut for as long as possible? Chris says we must listen to Dr. Fauci. The same Dr. Fauci whose models are directly funded by Bill Gates?  …
Dr. Fauci Worked for the Clinton Foundation for over 20 Years, Now Seen as a Spy – ALLOD –  cc: ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ FAUCI IS OUT OF CONTROL ARE YOU WATCHING HIS INTERVIEWS? ITS STARTING LOOK LIKE A SOCIALIST TAKEOVER!  …
History will look back upon these state shutdowns as a case study in, "the law of unintended consequences." This ends quickly, we will be fine. This drags on, the cure will far exceed the pain of the disease. Fauci wants this to last forever. This is how I know he is a fraud.
Dr. Fauci says stay-at-home order should be extended to all 50 states  
Fauci: 'I don't understand' why all states are not under stay-at-home orders  … via @nbcnews
Idiotic Democratic armchair quarterbacks are trying to claim that we could see the  in January ? No one did ! On January 21st , Dr. Anthony Fauci, said the Coronavirus was nothing to worry about ! Here is Dr. Fauci with Greg Kelly on his Newsmax show: 
Drs. Fauci and Birx are both democrats. I’d like to think they’d put their politics aside and advise President Trump scientifically. However, I’m definitely questioning this decision to shutter the whole economy overnight.
Fauci was a big Hillary supporter, he can’t be trusted
OH SNAP! Dr. Anthony Fauci calls into the @jimmy_dore and talks straight about what is *really* going on. Very helpful information. Unfortunately Jimmy is really disrespectful and keeps  …
I yield to no one in admiration of Dr. Fauci. But  from January 21 should be kept in mind by those accusing anyone in the U.S. of failing to act in time against Covid 19. Watch it all the way through: 
Fauci: It's mind-boggling that China's wet markets are still operating during coronavirus pandemic. #WildlifeTrade #COVID19  …
Dr. Fauci is officially on my go fk yourself list with Democrats in Congress and Hollywood. I’ve said many times this is s dangerous man. He is trouble. Fauci warns there's no 'strong' evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus | TheHill  …
“That wasn’t a robust study... going back to what you said earlier...37% of doctors FEEL it’s beneficial. We don’t operate on how you FEEL. We operate on EVIDENCE.” Dr. Fauci 
Any governor who hasn’t ordered a lockdown yet thinks he/she is smarter than Dr. Fauci. They’re not. Lives depend on acting now. @GovernorKayIvey @GovParsonMO @GovStitt @henrymcmaster @GovHerbert @GovernorGordon @AsaHutchinson @IAGovernor @GovRicketts @DougBurgum  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the coronavirus pandemic is "going to get worse, much worse, before it gets better." I'll discuss what's next w/ former NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, the new Medical Supply Coordinator in NY where the death toll continues to rise. @CNNSitRoom 5-7PM ET
‘Dr. Fauci Shuts Down ‘Fox & Friends’ on Coronavirus Cure: ‘We Don’t Operate on How You Feel’’ Fauci @foxandfriends  …
Dr. Doomsday Fauci may have a lot of fancy degrees, but after listening to him for weeks, the man has absolutely  sense.
I don't trust Fauci or BIrx but I do believe that Trump knows they are dirty. He is using them and has them front and center for a reason. "keep your friends close and enemies closer"
I’ve said it before and I’m saying it again: we need to listen to the experts. If Dr. Fauci says we need a national stay-at-home order, we need a national stay-at-home order. My colleagues and I called for this 10 days ago.  …
The reason people like and trust Dr. Fauci is that he's been honest and up front this entire time. America appreciates the truth, and she despises dishonesty for the sake of politics. More Fauci, less Trump, and zero Kushner for now on, please.
Dr. Fauci Pushes for Nation-wide Stay at Home Order -- To Hell with the Economy!  … via @gatewaypundit
King of Pharma Fauci says We have to stay indoors until the death count gets to zero. The intelligent citizens among us know that the death count is being highly manipulated 2 raise the death rate of COVID19. How can the death rate ever get to zero when Covid19 is falsely blamed?
Americans should cover faces and also keep distance: Dr. Fauci  
Is the President getting good advice Are we doing the right thing by Closing America Do you trust Fauci
This is an admission of catastrophic ignorance on the Mayor's part. On Jan 31 Dr. Anthony Fauci said "we know for sure" there was asymptomatic spread of the disease. On Feb. 19th the CDC confirmed asymptomatic spread. How many people have died because of this?  …
I don’t trust the media. I don’t trust Dr. Fauci. I don’t trust the WHO. I don’t trust China. How many American’s feel the same way that I do?
Dr. Fauci certainly knows where his bread is buttered! 
To WH Coronavirus Task Force, @VP @realDonaldTrump Dr. Fauci is not an economist, yet this economic shutdown will “definitively” damage people’s health. If Fauci can show #Hydroxychloroquine is hurting people, then I’m all ears. What are the initial tests showing?
Perhaps it's because he's truthful and not afraid to speak truth to 'power'.... Why Fauci is winning the battle for public trust (opinion)  …
Here's Fauci on Jan. 31: “Now we know for sure that there are [asymptomatic transmissions]. It was not clear whether an asymptomatic person could transmit it to someone while they were asymptomatic. Now we know from a recent report from Germany that that is absolutely the case.”
It is  increasingly clear now that we have locked down the US economy to "prevent" COVID19 spread based on GROSSLY EXAGGERATED "model projections" that do not match reality. Dr. Fauci himself admits that models are as good as their "assumptions".  
NEW: Dr. Fauci underestimated the potency of the coronavirus for months, calling the threat to the U.S. "miniscule" as recently as February. Read more here:  …
Ok but what if Dr. Fauci declared for the 2020 presidential election
Fauci was citing asymptomatic transmission as far back as January, and there were repeated public statements and even CDC guidance stating as much. de Blasio seems to be saying he got private advice otherwise?  …
New nicknames list with Dr. Fallacy (Dr. Fauci) and The Venthoarder (Cuomo) 
Dr. Anthony Fauci stomps all over Fox & Friends after they challenge him by quoting Dr. Oz  …
Thank you Dr. Fauci! We need expanded trials and info, otherwise well still be using thoughts and feelings in a year without knowing if we are causing healing or harm.  …
Dr.Oz/Fox News vs Dr. Fauci. An IQ test for the masses. There is only one right answer on this test.  …
Dr. Fauci on Fox: "It's going to get worse, much worse, before it gets better, and that just is an unfortunate fact that we have to deal with."
Young Fauci 
TONIGHT: @JudyWoodruff interviews Dr. Anthony Fauci about the latest COVID-19 guidance and efforts to address the pandemic in the United States. Watch at 6 p.m. Eastern: Online at  On your local @PBS station:  
In his  yet, Dr. Anthony Fauci says he "doesn't understand" why every state isn't under a stay-at-home order—a move Pres. Trump continues to resist, arguing those decisions should be left to the states. 
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
I see the outrage brigade is mad at Dr. Fauci for exercising caution over hydroxychloroquine. Yes clearly he wants more Americans to die so Bill Gates can lockdown the planet and install microchips in everyone and control their thoughts with 5G.
This gerbil Fauci has no credibility and is no 'expert.' He's just a front man, a hype man, an actor. SHOCK VIDEO: Dr. Fauci Was Against America Worrying About Coronavirus, Before He Was For Worrying About it  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, an infectious disease expert, said he doesn't understand why the entire country isn't under stay-at-home orders.  … via @HuffPostPol
SHOCK VIDEO: Dr. Fauci Was Against America Worrying About Coronavirus, Before He Was For Worrying About it  …
“This is not a major threat for the ppl in USA, & this is not something the citizens of the USA right now should be worried about” - Dr. Fauci Jan 21, 2020 Good thing @POTUS didnt listen to HIM! Trump put travel ban on China Jan 31st! 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the  should help force a global closure of the markets and that the current public health crisis is a "direct result" of such unsanitary shopping places  …
The #COVID19 hysteria started as a result of dire model "projections" and is still mostly fueled by such predictions (see Dr. Fauci:  …). However, reported hospitalizations  ) are now 5 times LESS than projected:  
The coronavirus might spread through the air via normal breathing and speaking, Anthony Fauci, head of infectious diseases at the US National Institutes of Health, said on Friday - He said guidance on masks would be changed
DR. Fauci is deep state I STILL THINK CHINA DEMOCRATS & SOROS are RESPONSIBLETrying 2 take Trump outWOW! Watch Dr. Fauci in January: "This Is Not a Major Threat for People in the United States... Not Something Citizens - Should Be Worried About"  …
Coronavirus in U.S. — “I just don’t understand why we’re not doing that": Fauci calls for nationwide stay-at-home, despite Trump’s resistance  …
"This is not a major threat..." WATCH : Dr. Anthony Fauci's original thoughts about the severity of the COVID-19 outbreak are revisited from a January interview with Newsmax TV's 
Anthony Fauci was talking about asymptomatic transmission over two months ago.   …
Is Dr. Fauci right about COVID-19? Stop living in fear & hear a 2nd opinion from Dr. Jay Bhattacharya: (Stanford University Professor of Medicine & Senior Fellow at both the Freeman Spogli Institute & National Bureau of Economic Research) READ/WATCH  
Fauci: 'I don't understand' why all states are not under stay-at-home orders Can we all pay attention to this man?  …
Dr. Fauci: "They Should Shut Down Chinese Markets with Bats and Monkeys for Sale" TAKE ACTION:  
Dr. Fauci's face will soon be on a bobblehead  …
If Hillary sent Fauci to be a hitman on the US Economy, wouldn't he be acting and saying exactly as he is?
What did this gerbil Fauci say!? 
I don?t like or trust this guy Fauci. Can you tell? 
Fauci (pro-HRC) predictions are predictably wrong. Instead of isolating those testing positive for COVID-19, CDC made it's own testing units (didn't work), quarantined everyone, destroyed economy for disease less potent than 2019-20 flu (or H1N1) #coronavirus  …
Fauci is not a policy maker, or economist. He is a doctor. Just like hundreds of thousands out there. He needs an economist and policy balancer for his prescriptions which, for now, have negatively impacted the country’s health, economy and social well being.
We plan to continue until #Hydroxychloroquine is available to all physicians & pharmacists in the USA #coronavirus @realDonaldTrump Dr. Fauci has exposed himself as a captive of big pharma opposing a drug prescribed since 1945 - w HCQ proving effective fighting COVID-19 worldwide  …
Yesterday I spoke with Dr. Anthony Fauci. He was  of the approaches we’re taking here in New Jersey and stressed  to going to be the key to us getting ahead – and staying ahead – in terms of flattening the curve.
SARSCoV2 spreads via normal breathing & speaking, according to Dr Tony Fauci as the feds were poised to endorse masks for everyone. Fauci said recent data show that speaking, not just coughing/sneezing spread the virus. Fact has been known since 1918 Flu  
10 states don't have stay-at-home orders Dr. Birx: the rising curve means Americans are ignoring guidance Dr. Fauci: I don't understand the lack of a nationwide stay at home order American lives be damned, trump doesn't want any responsibility that could damage his 2020 run 
Sadly for Democrats, this will all work to Trump's favor politically, especially when he far outperforms the crazy expectations set by big pharma plant Fauci. 
I don't trust Dr Fauci.... He focusing on numbers rather then actual results, likemwith the Hydroxychloroquin/Zithromax  in...I believe he sees this as research project rather then National Crisis.
#FakeNewsMedia MALPRACTICE @washingtonpost : Experts DOUBT @WhiteHouse #coronavirus NUMBERS... THESE NUMBERS CAME FROM #Fauci & #DeborahBirx THEMSELVES YOU DUMMIES CC:  …
Dr. Corsi Decode 04-03-20: Lesson Learned During the Virus War - We Have Met The Enemy and It's Dr. Fauci  … Fauci trashes Hydroxychloroquine on Fox & Friends, as FDA hoards HCQ, making it available only in hospitals, not to MDs @realDonaldTrump #coronavirus
Fauci is a smart guy. It is time for him to be sent back to the lab and let the business people decide how we move forward. You can put a value on a human life. We do it every day with police and the military. If wealthy or salaried people want quarantine great. Let rest survive
People need to stop dissing Trump. This guy is one of them giving him advice WOW! Watch Dr. Fauci in January: “This Is Not a Major Threat for People in the United States… Not Something Citizens – Should Be Worried About”  …
I don't trust Fauci or Brix. Brix has too many ties to Obama and The Clinton Foundation. Trump needs to cut both loose.
Anthony Fauci says he 'doesn't understand' why not all US states are on coronavirus lockdown  …
It's a doom and gloom  even to what Fauci and Birx have put out.
#Hydroxychloroquine? Don't Ask, Don't Tell -- now Don't Produce If Trump thinks it's a "War", the "War Time President" should go to war against #coronavirus & #DeepStateCabal But war's against #WeThePeople based on #Fauci guidelines &   …
Dr. Fauci: ‘I Don’t Understand' Why The Entire Country Isn’t Under Stay-At-Home Orders  …
I don't trust Fauci.
Bannon: If Dr. Fauci is the Oracle of evidence-based science, let's get a model from the CDC, NIH, @WhiteHouse #Coronavirus Task Force It's the MSM's fault for giving Fauci a pass #WarRoomPandemic #30DaysToSaveAmerica  
I think Fauci is no friend to us. I do think he is politically motivated, I do think he's brilliant, but not as brilliant ads he thinks he is . 
Dr Fauci is getting death threats ..... again DR FAUCI (the guy we should all be listening to in these crazy times) IS GETTING DEATH THREATS. The fuck is wrong with Murica???! ... and I bet it’s the same geniuses that listen to orange fuck face 45 ...
The media has constantly praise Dr. Fauci and even claimed President Trump was trying to prevent him from speaking freely. D-RATS & MSM: Trump didn’t take coronavirus seriously early. This is what a top US scientist Dr. Fauci said on Jan 21, 2020 
Around a dozen states have yet to issue a stay-at-home order. "I just don't understand why we're not doing that," said Dr. Anthony Fauci.  …
Model: -2.2 million could die in US because of coronavirus (1 week later) -100,000-200,000 could die (1 week later) Fauci: "I've looked at all the models, I've spent a lot of time on the models. They don't tell you anything. You can't really rely on models"
So much for all liberal second-guessing & back-seat driving. This guy Fauci is Hillary Clinton Democrat. He gave President @realDonaldTrump his advice. Trump isn't a MD. He listened to expert. PS. Despite this Trump stopped flights from China a week later.  …
Dr. Fauci, world’s most patient man.
Networks should only air the part of the coronavirus press conferences where Dr. Fauci talks. Raise your hand if you agree. #StopAiringTrumpNow
Petition to name Dr. Anthony Fauci ‘Sexiest Man Alive’ gains momentum  …
Dr. Fauci was clearly not ready for anything close to this, he’s the same guy that said the mortality rate would be 3 to 5%, and has discouraged doctors from prescribing #Hydroxychloroquine! I think he needs replaced  …
I thought Dr Fauci was legit to begin with, but the more I think about it, seems he really likes the camera a LOT... I also think the total American shut down is a stretch.... #ChineseVirus #Trump2020
Watch Dr. Fauci In January Say You Don't Need To Worry About Coronavirus  …
Dr. Fauci was wrong in January, people are allowed to be wrong and adjust their views. We also should monitor track records / predictions to see whom to listen to.  …
Props to Dr. Fauci. Correct me if I am wrong, but believe he is the only person in tRump’s circle in 3 years that has not caved and has stood his ground 100%.
Shouldn't Fauci being talking about all of the #Hydroxychloroquine successes around the country now the FDA has approved it for use against COVID-19? Don't hold your breath.
Dr. Fauci: It 'Boggles My Mind' That China's Wet Markets Aren't Shut Down  … via @SaraCarterDC
“Dr. Fauci has a 77% approval rating — well above any figure in the U.S. government.”  …
I predict 99% of the predictions Fauci makes will end up  BS. And the #Media will STILL hail him as the ultimate authority on viruses. The dude is literally always wrong.
ATTENTION NOW! DR FAUCI WAS WRONG! 1/21/20 This man said that we were not in danger from the Corona virus. He told the president not to shut the country down to Chinese travel. He was wrong and trusted China and the WHO! SHAME ON HIM! I DON'T TRUST HIM! 
Doctors Blix and Fauci are excellent infectious disease doctors, and have @realDonaldTrump’s ear. Unfortunately, they present a single perspective that ignores many very important facts.  …
Up and Running day 2. Cmon yinz guys, he needs a name. Tops are Dr. Anthony Fauci & Bull Cowher. What are some others and we’ll have a vote. Thanks for your help. 
Dr Fauci Says Wet Markets Should Be Shut Down ‘Right Away’  …
If I were Governor I would NOT lock my state down no matter what Fauci says. I would open small business, encourage masks and social distancing. I would NOT bankrupt my state like a scared child. I would treat my citizens like adults. Those who wish to stay home can.
Is something about Dr. Fauci bothering you but you're not exactly sure what? Reading this will help you figure it out  
12 States have not yet instituted #StayHome AL AR IA MO ND NE OK SC SD TX UT WY to protect their citizens & all of the USA from #COVID19 #coronavirus #StayHomeSaveLives Find & Contact your Governors here to demand #StayAtHome  Dr Fauci says so! THREAD 
“This is not a major threat for the people in United States, and this is not something the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about” - Dr. Fauci , Jan 21, 2020 Fauci needs to go @realDonaldTrump @MaybeAmes 
Fauci still gas a  in. Easy for him to say
Gorgeous Weekend is here right? So what Stay The Fkc at Home! You ain’t a Doctor. You ain’t Tony Fauci! Stay Inside! Disruptive New @iamrapaport is here:   …
Clearly Dr. Fauci has never been to Wyoming.
Incredible poll. “Dr Fauci, an infectious disease expert from the National Institute of Health, has earned the trust of 65% of Americans, while only 8% distrust him, making for a remarkable +57 point gap.” Dr Fauci for President? #COVID19  
"The most important thing is to keep this six-foot physical distance from individuals." The US' top infectious disease expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci, weighs in on masks 
Unemployment higher than the Great Depression. Thousands of businesses permanently closed. And just wait until people start defaulting on their mortgages! Fauci needs to be fired! @realDonaldTrump
I don't understand why Fauci still has a job.
President Trump needs to dump Dr Fauci, he's deep state and isn't helping with his scare tactics
But don’t worry. Dr. Fauci the Wise says the sacrifice of your job and livelihood is but an inconvenience.
“This is not a major threat for the people in United States, and this is not something the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about” - Dr. Fauci to @gregkellyusa , Jan 21, 2020
Fauci 1/21/20 “This is not something citizens of the US should be worried about” Thankfully @POTUS ignored him and issued China Travel Ban on 1/31/20 Fauci now calling for National shutdown as economy crumbles I trust our President, not a globalist 
Dr. Fauci on CNN, I don't understand why we haven't closed down the entire country?
President Fauci is self-parody now. Shut everything down based on models, and then stay shut down based on models we can't rely on. This is a freaking farce.  …
Fauci: We Can’t Really Rely on Coronavirus Models  …
Captain Crozier. Dr. Fauci. Alexander Vindman. Marie Yovanovitch. Sally Yates. Just a tiny fraction of those who've been ousted, threatened, disparaged or treated with disrespect because they spoke the truth about the mismanagement &  by this inept administration.
We don’t operate on how doctors FEEL about a drug or if they THINK it works...we operate on EVIDENCE. Thank you Dr. Fauci. #evidencebased 
ICYMI: CNN's Jim Acosta got embarrassed again. This time not by President Trump exposing his lies, like usual. Instead he was embarrassed by Dr. Fauci... @FrankelJeremy & @DBongino have the story  …
All you need to know about Fauci...he likes Hillary & Gates alot..he stated in 2017 that Trump will be faced with a pandemic... These people are EVIL and I don't need a "drop" or a "code" to see it!
Nothing to see here, stay in your house until our #Gates- #Fauci- #NIH- #Moderna shot is  …
9:25 A.M.: I wash my hands while singing “Happy Birthday” to Anthony Fauci twice. 
I agree with Dr. Fauci. The only way to curb this epidemic and keep our families safe is by instituting a national shelter in place — now. We don’t have any more time to waste.
EVERYONE needs to check out his interview on the NYC radio station on Jan 26, 2020... Fauci clearly states Nothing too worry about 5 days later Trump made decision to ban China travel we should not allow this guy to be leading effort it can be found on SoundCloud image included 
I’m officially getting frustrated with Dr. Fauci. He bases his numbers on models without addressing discrepancies with actual, seemingly pivots daily, now throwing shade on a drug when other counties ave published positive results. 1/2  …
"Granted that there is a suggestion that there is a benefit there, I think we've got to be careful that we don't make that majestic leap to assume that this is a knockout drug," said US infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci 
White House #COVID19 Task Force, Dr. Fauci  people wear cloth masks in public. *If the #COVID survives in the air for 3hrs, & 3 days on the surface max. Should everyone be wearing mask? The infected people MUST wear mask to stop spreading it. Logical. #Trump2020 
Someone please tell Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Anthony Fauci's ego about this.  …
Dr. Fauci says U.S. is not "even at halftime" in fight against coronavirus outbreak  …
“This is not a major threat for the people in United States, and this is not something the citizens of the United States right now should be worried about” - Dr. Fauci to @gregkellyusa, Jan 21, 
Love Dr Fauci. And why the hell are people interviewing Dr Oz about #COVID19. Is he gonna  green coffee bean extract for  …
Dr Fauci is now working 20-HOUR DAYS and his wife reminds him to eat, sleep, and drink. He is helping America try to  the COVID-19 pandemic at 79 years old. THIS GUY IS AMAZING!! 
Thanks @kevincrider 1. A plane has five passengers on board: Donald Trump, the Pope, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Hillary Clinton, and a ten year old school girl. The plane is about to crash and there is only four parachutes.
Is dr Fauci holding back use of hydroxychloroquine because of a conflict of interest with a long term investment with the Bill Gates foundation which develops vaccines and  to population control?must be considered  …
Beware Of “The Snake” ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ Hillary Fan Dr. Fauci Pushes For NATIONWIDE Stay At Home Order To Hell With The Economy  …
So Fauci says he will lift social distancing restrictions after, "no new cases, no new deaths"? They are TRYING to destroy this country! Luckily this Fauci character does NOT get to decide that for ME! WAY out of hand! @POTUS has the wrong folks whispering in his ear!
Fauci warns there's no "strong" evidence anti-malaria drug works on coronavirus  
Apparently 37% of MDs feel hydroxychloroquine is beneficial. Fauci: “We don’t operate on how you feel. We operate on what the evidence is.”  …
The President is being medically advised by Fauci who was telling us in January there was nothing to worry about. If you want to be mad at someone about masks, be mad at career politicians that facilitated our manufacturing all going to China, our enemy.
Why did Fauci call for an outbreak back in 2017, @realDonaldTrump? Seems to me you need to keep the enemy a bit closer. 
The Borowitz Report: “He said that he felt  to work every day,” Anthony Fauci said. “I told him, you may feel fine, but  into work you are endangering the lives of countless others.” 
Couldn’t agree more! Dr. Fauci is right on the money.  …
Dr. Fauci says every American should be under stay-at-home orders: "I just don't understand why we're not doing that."  (PLEASE LISTEN TO THE 
Fauci's "models" and state-by-state projections for #CoronavirusPandemic  from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation. Bill Gates has funded IHME to the tune of at least 279 million. So it's basically Bill Gate's data that has shut our country 
WOW! Watch Dr. Fauci in January: "This Is Not a Major Threat for People in the United States... Not Something Citizens - Should Be Worried About" @RushLimbaugh @MarkMeadows  … via @gatewaypundit
"I just don’t understand why we’re not doing that": Fauci calls for nationwide stay-at-home, despite Trump’s resistance 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said the Covid-19 pandemic in the US is going to "get worse, much worse, before it gets better," but that social distancing is working to mitigate the spread 
Speaker Pelosi, "We should have done more to protect our workers. I know that something Dr Fauci speaks about but I want it to be a louder voice. So the president isn't pitting one state & municipality against each other to get the #PPE they desperately need!" 
I cannot believe 37% of docs "feel" HCQ works. Fauci guts them. Dr. Oz's q is so bad, I extend him a warm  to join my class on critically appraising medical evidence.  …
Dr. Fauci left the hosts of Fox & Friends disappointed and frustrated when he threw cold water on their insistence that the anti-malarial drug hydroxychloroquine is a game-changing cure for the coronavirus 
Dr. Fauci, said he doesn't understand why the entire country isn't under stay-at-home orders. I don't either, but maybe I do: it is because the idiot in chief doesn't have a national strategy & doesn't know how to lead. @realDonaldTrump  … via @HuffPostPol
Dr. Fauci: “I don't understand” why all US states are not under stay-at-home orders. 
White House advisor Dr. Fauci works 20-hour days and his wife reminds him to eat, sleep and drink water | Via CNBC  …
Does Dr. Fauci have alterier motives?? Why have the models he has put forward re Coronavirus been WAY OFF the mark of being right?? This ‘shutdown’ is conveniently destroying our country economically. @realDonaldTrump needs to. open our country back up 4business SOON.  
Dr. Fauci Shuts Down ‘Fox & Friends’ on Coronavirus Cure: ‘We Don’t Operate on How You Feel’ 
Fauci & Birx have no concern about the economic calamity resulting from their fraudulent death projections. Fauci has said that he would like to see zero infections/deaths before restarting. Flattening their curve may flatten our economy.
Neither do I, Dr. Fauci. Historians are going to have a lot to chew on after this crisis is over.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "I don't understand why" every US state hasn't issued stay-at-home orders amid the coronavirus pandemic  
"Fauci  have contended that actions by anybody, ordinary citizens, elected officials, or physicians that do not follow proper bureaucratic procedures are illegitimate. Who the hell do they think they are? We belong to ourselves. Not to them."  …
WE ALREADY KNEW THIS - REMEMBER THE "CLIMATE CHANGE" MODELS - NOT RIGHT ONE SINGLE TIME - Fauci: ‘You Can’t Rely On The Models,’ Too Many Variables-some experts and Trump advisers “doubt” the 
President Trump needs to get rid of Doomsday Fauci. None of his predictions  true. Not even close. He doesn't give a damn if the economy is shutdown and destroyed, forever.  not using drugs other doctors are having huge successes with. Can't stand him!
Does anyone know if someone has asked Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci why they did not  shutting down the country when H1N1 hit the US? I truly want to hear their answer.
We're grateful Dr. Fauci will be on @NewsHour with @JudyWoodruff tonight to talk about a range of topics: new guidance on masks, emerging evidence about asymptomatic transmission, and how long we might have to keep social distancing. WATCH TONIGHT on @PBS
Dr. Fauci: “I don't understand” why all US states are not under stay-at-home orders. 
Actually quite the opposite. It's very clear to me that Fauci doesn't want a practical and cheap antidote to the virus, he wants something that Big Pharma can patent and charge $500 per pill! Nice line of questioning  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, an infectious disease expert, said he doesn't understand why the entire country isn't under stay-at-home orders.  … via @HuffPostPol
FAUCI: "There's no doubt in my mind, or anyone who knows anything about this, that the mitigation activities, the physical separation that we're doing, clearly is having a positive impact."
Coronavirus: Fauci warns Americans shouldn't assume hydroxychloroquine is a 'knockout drug' 
I hope I am wrong, but I don’t think Dr. Fauci has the best interest of the American people at hand.
Dr. Fauci emerges as truth teller for the left and right during coronavirus crisis  
US coronavirus live: Fauci says 'I don't understand' why every state has not issued stay-home order  …
I've been saying that @realDonaldTrump needs to just go with his gut & stop relying on these bureaucrats like Fauci. He got to where he's at listening to his gut. His gut told him that HCQ would work..his gut told him we can't keep this economy shut down. He's getting bad advice
instead of seeking  Dr. Fauci how about everyone just fucking listen to him  …
Will you please look at why Dr. Fauci chose a life in public service?  …
We did not elect Fauci. If he has his way, America will never open up again.  …
I DON’T TRUST FAUCI. . His own words “virus could  to a bad flu”. . How did the expert not know the droplets could spread 27ft until now? . National shut in until there are ZERO new cases? . That will destroy us, is that what he wants? 
Dr Fauci says hindsight is always 20/20. Gov Cuomo says It didn't have to be like this. Exactly. The blame for yesterday today & tomorrow's evolving crisis lies squarely with Trump.
2. Blaming Fauci, Birx, and other scientists and physicians is dumb. They are simply giving you an 'educated guess'. This is why they aren't in charge...people you elected are. The buck stops with them. Especially the President and Governors.
Fauci: ‘You Can’t Rely On The Models,’ Too Many Variables  
Shorter Fauci: Isolate until the end of summer Millions could die Unemployed? sorry for the inconvenience Don’t take the antiviral drugs, they might work Call my agent for bookings  …
Dr. Fauci: We have a 'hint' of positive evidence on anti-malaria drug:  …
Fauci Responds To Fox & Friends Questioning On Unproven Coronavirus Drug: ‘We Don’t Operate On How You Feel’  …
People wonder why Birx and Fauci are not to be trusted. Here they are, pictured with the co-engineer of the 2020 Coronavirus pandemic and shit show. How deep does their role go? 
After Fauci spends entire segment dismissing HCQ, it ends in this weird exchange: Kilmeade: “I should clarify I said Spain, 72% of the doctors in Spain are prescribing it.” Fauci: “Okay good, well that’s fine.” Is Fauci not reading the studies? This is dangerous arrogance.
Why is Trump going along with Fauci? My guess is he sees him as a useful idiot. Fauci sets expectations for total disaster, Trump easily outperforms and looks like a hero. If it wasn't Fauci carrying the left's water someone else would be. Trump can keep Fauci close.
Morning Shots Newsletter is out: The Jared Sh*t Show... the "relentless unforeseen," the Cult Comes for Dr. Fauci, the shame of Rush Limbaugh, and Kristol finally bails on the GOP... Plus war criminals vs. whistleblowers 2020...  …
When someone who is dumb af tries to explain medicine to Dr. Fauci.  …
Dangerous Dr. Fauci Pushes for Nation-wide Stay at Home Order -- To Hell with the Economy!  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci went on TV today & was 100% unaware of positive  out of HCQ trials & ongoing treatments w/ COVID-19 patients. How is it possible that he's not up to date on this stuff? Did he slip up, or is he is entering total negligence territory?  …
I spent about a decade getting Drudge links busting Obama and Hillary. If you think I'm going to be nice and friendly to the "Response Team" folks who are fighting Chloroquine and SHUTTING DOWN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, you are wrong. Corrupt morons Fauci and Birx!
US coronavirus live: Fauci says 'I don't understand' why every state has not issued stay-home order  …
People have a very hard time with the concept of leverage. Don't you see how Fauci's past would likely make it EASIER to control him? He's useful. Liberals I know are deferring to HIM (in Trump admin) instead of Democrats and media. Trump controls the Overton Window.
Jared Kushner broke the irony meter as he — not someone qualified, such as Anthony S. Fauci — took over the daily coronavirus briefing on Thursday to inform us we should  people  …
This is the issue w/ the "just let Fauci do his job" people. We're not allowed to question the wisdom of the bureaucrats? When did that happen. We're watching Fauci do his job, & he's making a mess of it. That's what a free press is all about - holding ppl like him accountable.
Rather than hearing lectures from medical experts Fauci and Birx every single night for two hours, can we mix in a few economic experts and constitutional law experts? I'd like to hear what they have to say about all of this.
Dr. Fauci is a practicing Catholic who was educated by the Jesuits—Pope Francis’s religious order. Here’s a short reflection he wrote some years back on how his faith informs his work as a doctor. 
Dr. Fauci on China's wet market in Wuhan: "I think they should shut down those things right away. I mean, it just boggles my mind how, when we have so many diseases that emanate out of that unusual human-animal interface, that we don’t just shut it down," he says on Fox & Friends
WATCH: Fauci calls for all states to have stay-at-home orders: "I just don't understand why we're not doing that."  
More of this  if Fauci and the deepstate keep getting their way. US employers shed 701,000 jobs in March Unemployment jumped to 4.4%, as DEEPSTATE DEMS ravage economy @DLongsamson I FOLLOW BACK  #FoxBusiness
During uncertain times like this,we need hope from our leaders. During WW2, did Winston Churchill tell Britain they would all die? During this entire charade, have you heard a SINGLE word of hope from Fauci? No. This is how you know he is a plant and fraud.
. @almostjingo WHY is it NOBODY I mean NOBODY in the MEDIA is asking Dr. Fauci why  early about how he downplayed everything and when did he change HIS MIND. He needs to be asked. Why did he say there is NO EVIDENCE of Human to Human transfer. We Need To Know
WATCH: Dr. Anthony Fauci stomps all over Fox & Friends after they challenge him by quoting Dr. Oz  …
At this horrifying time, it ws chilling when slum lord, Jared Kushner addressed the nation yesterday. He took issue w Dr Fauci & Gov. Cuomo saying. “I’m doing my own projections, & I’ve gotten a lot smarter about this. NY doesn’t need all the ventilators.”  …
In January, Dr Tony Fauci was on my show telling America not to worry about the Coronavirus—that it wasn’t a major threat to the people. January 21, 2020, 20 seconds: 
FOX: “Tell us about this bobble head.” FAUCI: “No. I have other things to worry about”. FOX: 
Dr. Fauci wants to know why the whole nation isn’t staying at home. The top pandemic doc issued a new plea for all governors to issue orders to stay at home -- or for Trump to make a nationwide order. “I don’t understand why that’s not happening.” 
The WHOLE COUNTRY should be under stay-at-home orders, Fauci says “I do not understand why we are not doing that. We really should be” #TrumpGenocide  …
Dr. Fauci gives zero fucks about your damn bobblehead question, you morons. 
You think big pharma wants a cheap drug like #Hydroxychloroquine to cure COVID-19? There are $trillions at stake with synthetic cures. And now you know why Fauci dismisses it.
Brian Kilmeade confronting Dr. Fauci is like a turd trying to debate Aristotle.  …
The greatest instinct I have is my intuition, aka my Bull Sh/t meter. Many people are lying to me. I know it. I can feel it. And I hate it.  at me from the news, pundits, journalists, politicians, and even Dr. Fauci. Try to remember who lied. We owe them payback.
And why the hell isn't Dr. Doom Fauci promoting preventative measures like Vitamin D and A? Why isn't he actively promoting #Hydroxychloroquine now that the FDA has approved it after attacking it earlier? Why Is EVERYTHING  out of his mouth NEGATIVE?
Brian Kilmeade tried to Foxsplain unproven coronavirus drug treatments to Dr. Anthony Fauci. It did not go great. 
Have you noticed Dr. Doom Fauci's obsession with locking down America? He now wants all 50 states locked down and says they should stay that way until "no one tests positive for COVID-19." If it is not obvious this Hillary plant is out to murder the economy, it should be.
If we all survive this someone should give dr. Fauci a Nobel peace prize for having to talk to these idiots.  …
Don't listen to the armchair quarterbacks. No one saw  Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci In January Say Americans Don't Need To Worry About Coronavirus:  …
Bill Gates Stooge Fauci is SHILLING hard against Chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine. Great catch @almostjingo Let's keep exposing this Gates  …
Defeating COVID-19 has to be a team effort. Listen to Dr. Anthony Fauci and Coach K talk about the roles we play in the fight against COVID-19 here  …
Brian pushes back, saying civilians & drs in some countries are taking HCQ for coronavirus, and wondering if people already on it are getting the virus. Fauci says "we really don't care" if people *think* it works, "that's not the issue," & we should protect those already on it. 
I dont trust this guy 1 bit Trump should replace him. Fauci: All States Should Have Stay at Home Orders  …
Dr. Fauci is being harassed and Jared Kushner is being applauded. It's almost as if MAGAs despise intelligent, decent people and celebrate predatory grifters.
Socks, doughnuts and now a bobblehead: Dr. Anthony Fauci, the United States' plain-speaking top infectious disease specialist, is getting his own bobblehead.  #odd
‘Crazy And Dangerous’: Lindsey Graham, Dr. Fauci Denounce China’s Decision To Reopen Wet Markets After Coronavirus Outbreak.  …
Basically, Fauci says there's no hard evidence yet. "I think we've got to be careful that we don't make the majestic leap to assume that this is a knockout drug," he said. (Trump and Fox have regularly expressed almost unbridled enthusiasm for the potential of that drug.)
Dr. Fauci is the first doctor I’ve ever heard of that doesn’t want to hear about a cure
"To normal people, Fauci’s forthrightness has been a blessing. To the alt-universe conspiracists, his frankness is an affront to their troll king."  …
DR. FAUCI COME ON MAN!!!! @realDonaldTrump PEOPLE ARE DYING!!!! WAKE UP AND GIVE THE DRUGS AND STOP THE DEATH!!!!! YOUR HURTING MILLIONS!!! YOU WANT 100,000 TO 200,000 TO DIE!!! I CAN'T STAND THIS LITTLE MAN! SHAME ON HIM!
Dr. Fauci is on Fox and, suffice it to say, he has appeared to have run out of patience for Brian Kilmeade's interest in hydroxychloroquine.
Before  the face of the fight against COVID-19, Anthony Fauci was the keynote speaker at the @urochestermed  where he received an honorary degree for his achievements in understanding and eradicating infectious diseases. #Meliora 
Inconvenient says a government worker who has a job& big pension. I respect Dr. Fauci but this is a bridge too far. I understand the medical aspect is very serious but our economy collapsing is also very serious.We will not be able to deal with the virus/illness if we are broke.  …
This is horrible!! If you speak Truth in the Trump Admin, even to save American Lives, you will get FIRED!! How is this acceptable?? No wonder Dr. Fauci dances around with his words so that Trump doesnt FIRE him too!! Real America thanks Capt Crozier for speaking Truth to Power!!  …
Of the top 40 stories about Anthony Fauci by interactions on social media, none had negative sentiment, and several were positively glowing.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci suggested the federal government should impose a nationwide stay-at-home order to help prevent the spread of the coronavirus in the United States  …
In this entire process, has Dr. Fauci been right about anything? Think about it. #Hydroxychloroquine - wrong, 2 million dead - wrong, 200,000 dead - wrong. When will people stop calling this little smirky dude an expert?
The Media loves their "unimpeachable" witnesses. Whether a member of a protected group like a child (Greta) or a minority (Obama) or an expert (Fauci), we are not allowed to question them because then we are a hater, a racist or a denier. In reality, all 3 of these are liars.
BUT I BET WE WON'T HERE FAUCI PRAISING IT - After mocking Trump for promoting hydroxychloroquine, journalists acknowledge it might treat coronavirus  #FoxNews
Big excitement at our house today - turns out the Tooth Fairy is an essential worker under DC's Stay at Home order and can still make home visits. The tooth was left on the dresser, a Birx/Fauci approved 6 feet away from the pillow, and the Tooth Fairy left the money there.
Dr Fauci Says Trump Took Coronavirus Seriously ‘From The Beginning.’  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert said he doesn't understand why every state hasn't issued stay-at-home orders as novel #coronavirus cases continue to surge across the US. "I don't understand why that's not  …
When Anthony Fauci addressed the ⁦ @OhioState⁩ Class of 2016, he had this advice: “Expect the  …
Dr. Fauci has spent his life  across our country and world as a physician and top public health official. The notion of anyone ever threatening him for doing his job is not only inexcusable, it’s nearly   …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says every state across the country should be under stay-at-home orders. "I don't understand why that's not happening," Fauci told CNN, but stopped short of saying it should be federally-mandated. Pres Trump remains reluctant to implementing a national order.
Dr. Fauci, I got this one. Because the President of the United States is an  dumbass fucking idiot, who has no fucking idea what he’s doing. Ever. About anything. Does that help?  …
Dr Fauci, someone whom I admire and respect is also getting attacked for providing medical information as an expert in infectious disease. What’s happening to this world?  …
Who do you trust most? A) Kushner B) Birx C) Fauci Please explain your answer. 
I NEEDED JOY - THIS BROUGHT BE JOY: Petition to name Dr. Anthony Fauci 'Sexiest Man Alive' gains momentum  …
Dr. Fauci Lays Down The Hammer On CNN’s Failing Jim Acosta After He Tries To Spread Fake News  …
Nancy Pelosi is Wrong and corrected By Dr Fauci's facts! Pelosi should be trying to help Americans instead of putting her political agenda first! Rt if you agree. Please follow 
WATCH: Fauci calls for all states to have stay-at-home orders: "I just don't understand why we're not doing that."  
Honestly, why do people think Dr. Fauci is so smart? He was wrong about #Hydroxychloroquine. He was wrong estimating 2 million dead. He is just guessing at 200,000 dead and will be wrong about that too. Isn't an expert supposed to eventually be right?
Now #Fauci is demanding ALL states be #shutdown Just a few hours after #FoxNews was pushing Of course it was NOT coordinated, right? #Faucidepression but Trump & Pence are doing everything #FauciFraud says #MAGA? Make America #GreatDepression  …
CHUMLEY OPINION: Anthony Fauci goes nuts -  - @washtimes "Americans are not lab rats and America is not a science lab. The country  to a grinding halt every time flu season approaches. Take a warning: If we do it once, we’ll be doing it again."
Dr. Fauci Now Needs Security Detail After Threats After Death Threats From Who  …
The country remains shut down largely because Fauci/Birx continue to use bad models predicting extremely high death totals from CV-19. Actual data is proving these models to be false. Trump must see this and if so why is he allowing it to continue?
How is it possible that the expert on the field Dr. Fauci is left out and Jared Kushner - who shares in the profit of his  OSCAR-health in selling Coronavirus test-kits - is in? Isn't there a word for that?
Putting our nation's economy at risk for COVID-19 is preposterous and unnecessary. Why do we close small businesses but leave mass transit and Walmart open? And why does Fauci want us shut down until  gone? Did he say this about H1N1?
Dr. Fauci Says the U.S. Is 'Not Even at Halftime' in Fight Against Coronavirus During Coach K Interview 
Is Fauci a big pharma frontman? He attacks #Hydroxychloroquine as only anecdotal evidence, but when FDA approved it, says nothing? Why does Fauci never encourage people to take Vitamin A and D to protect their cells? Now he wants to shut down America until no more cases? #Shill
3rd sentence: As his gurney entered the ICU, the President looked eagerly for Dr. Fauci, who he'd taught so much about this terrible "C-O-V-I-D flu." They rolled him in front of his doctor, and there, above the mask, he recognized with horror the eyes of Nancy Pelosi.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, one of the US' top infectious disease experts, says all states should issue stay-at-home orders: "I don't understand why that's not happening" 
Boy,I bet Gates,the WHO,Fauci & Birx are P.O. Doctors in the US are having 100% cure rates using Hydrochloroq/ZPack/Zinc with their CV patients.They are considering using it as a Preventative for viruses.There goes the $$$BILLIONS, new vaccs,drugs were going to make for them
COVID19. Curious and affectionate couple: Pelosi and Dr Fauci. 
Dr. Fauci appears to be talking about state action, not federal. Q: “Does it concern you some states are still not using stay-at-home orders?” A: “As you said tension between federally mandated versus state rights is something I don’t want to get into.” 
Fauci: ‘I don’t understand why every state hasn’t issued stay-at-home orders’  …
