@NIAIDdirector Tony Fauci is to ME pandemic what Henry Kissinger was to Vietnam War--a war criminal. Amoral, eugenicist tactician. When buck stops, it will be his desk. He'll protest, "I had to believe what Stephen Straus was telling me--they're crazy. Okay to bury ME for 30 yrs"
@CDCFlu @CIDRAP @MikeStobbe @HelenBranswell @bylenasun @elizcohencnn @NIAIDNews CDC must be fed up with alarmist flu season coverage like CNN's "US on track for one of the worst flu seasons in decades" article starring Tony Fauci. See CDC's unusual new flu hosp chart in FluView: 
The director of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases, Dr. Anthony Fauci, said this season so far is on track to be the worst in years.  …
“To effectively solve the global health crisis HIV represents,  among persons currently living with HIV must be addressed ..." - A. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), and his colleagues.  
Get your boy Fauci  …
“Autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation ( #HSCT) has the potential to halt the progress of relapsing #MultipleSclerosis, eliminate the need for a person to take lifelong medication, and allow the body to partially regain function” A.Fauci, @NIAIDNews  …
Let's see if Fauci is right! (hCov-WCV1?)  …
Who saw the FEAR getting cranked up to push the #FluVaccine? Problem with listening to "flu expert" Anthony Fauci of the NIH is he's a known vaccine liar.   …
NIH Demystifying Medicine 2020 Tuesdays: January 7 through May 12 4:00pm - 5:30pm The Challenge of Pandemic Preparedness: Current Status of Emerging and Re-emerging Infectious Diseases Anthony Fauci, MD (NIAID) Roger Glass, MD,  
China Mystery Pneumonia in Wuhan : Media: "It's obviously a virus," Fauci says, as bacteria would have been found quickly in cultures. "My guess would be that it's a different kind of coronavirus."  … h/t alert
Seven Senators ask @NIAIDNews @NIAIDFunding Dr. Fauci 12 pointed questions about Lyme. Answers are due Jan 11, 2020. #LymeDisease #PublicHealth  
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the U.S. is possibly on track to have one of its worst flu seasons in 40 years, HE-19MO 
Anthony Fauci cares about HIV and his legacy. Period. End.
Senators pose questions directly to Tony Fauci of NIAID about Lyme disease + NIH activity. With some changes, similar queries need to be put to him re: ME. Kudos to senators who challenge this diminutive NIH icon + fact manipulator  …
Nick Fauci up on the wheel in his Stock Non-Wing heat. He would go P1P1 and collect his first heat race win in his 1st Shootout. 
Tony Fauci is not known for honestly answering questions  …
TOUCHED BY LYME: Senators ask NIAID's Fauci pointed questions about Lyme  …
What an amazing night! Thank you so much to the Plainedge SEPTA and our elementary and high school Best Buddies groups. Our winter party was a huge hit! Everyone had an awesome time 
Building photosynthesis from block molecules! And practicing “catching sunlight” 
Tony Fauci et al at @NIAIDNews discuss the challenge of  in persons living w #HIV, emphasizing the long-term risk and burden of CV, kidney, hepatic, and neurocognitive disease in people on HAART approaching normal 
“The current flu season is on track to be one of the worst in years”, Director of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases Dr. Anthony Fauci told CNN. Read more here. 
New multiple sclerosis treatment  stem cell transplantation to best available drugs Tony Fauci America's doctor  …
. @CNN reports this #fluseason is shaping up to be one of the worst in decades, according to Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases: 
From LDANet member  . TOUCHED BY LYME: Senators ask NIAID's Fauci pointed questions about Lyme  … via @Lymenews
Sorry. I don’t want Christmas cards. I thought another patient group pushed this. I want straight questions to Fauci and a hearing in Congress. I am sick 31+ years
"Anthony Fauci, Director of National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases, says the 2019-2020 flu season is looking as worrying as the 2018-2017 season, which was the most severe, longest-lasting, and deadliest in at least a decade."  …
I would say that's partially true if Honesty was prevalent. Everyone seems to know medicine & research is a cutthroat business.Even top docs like Fauci/Collins/Redford protect the business side first & would never give cheaper solutions.Dept Heads know!  …
CATS Roundtable National Edition #podcast Sunday, Jan 5th ► Interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci - The flu season is upon us not going well every-one should get shot  …
Cats Radio Show this Morning Live on @am970TheAnswer & @CatsRoundtable Betweenn 8:30 till 10 AM Dr Fauci on THE FLU @DickMorrisTweet on Iran @larry_kudlow Vision 2020 @SBANYPD Ed Mullins worried about Bail Reform @NYPDnews @BeauBidenFdn on Legacy of  …
Senators Want Answers from NIAID Director Anthony Fauci  via @Change
