#BillGatesOfHell (the effective owner of W.H.O) DID NOT HAVE HIS CHILDREN VACCINATED. STOP this #DrStrangelove - #Fauci killer-vaccine depopulation tool of Globalist fascism US will not participate in WHO vaccine project after Trump turned against it  …
EXCLUSIVE! Sealed Indictment Issued On Dr. Anthony Fauci (REPORT)!!!  
FAUCI: “The mask must not have a phrase on it.”
Blue and yellow are the Gates-funded Imperial College predictions for Sweden — the same pseudoscience Fauci relies on. Red is the actual data. Feeling conned yet? 
It is NOT Debra and Dr. Fauci. It is Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci. Why address them differently? Oh, wait, I know
The federal agency led by Dr. Anthony Fauci has since issued cautionary advice on the drugs. On Friday, the FDA warned against using them outside of a hospital setting or clinical trial because they could lead to serious heart rhythm problems in Covid-19 patients.
"We want multiple successful vaccines" - Dr. Anthony Fauci #NAS157 
He's already being Sued  … And Robert F Kennedy has over 400,000 signatures asking WH to Investigate Gates for Medical malpractice & Crimes against Humanity ; rumor has it Fauci just got indicted For his Lies & Deepstate Collusion ie Treason #FF
"The only way you’re going to get an answer … is a randomized control trial. Safety and efficacy is something we owe to the global population." - Dr. Anthony Fauci 
THE LIST: Dr. Fauci's 11 Deadly Mistakes and Contradictions -- Including His Worst Mistake of Delaying Herd Immunity While Destroying US Economy  … via @gatewaypundit
The Hollywood Blvd Ripley’s Believe It Or Not dinosaur is my Fauci. 
If you wonder why Fauci and Birx don’t contradict #DisinfectantDonnie more than they do, remember that Nancy Messonier  sidelined as soon as she said this on Feb 
1/3 Its time to listen to the data, not Dr. Fauci. Leading immunologists and microbiologists say that our response from the beginning was unfounded and is prolonging what could have been a short epidemic!!  …
Bill Gates and Clinton's BFF Fauci will no longer be free to infect Africans with HIV. #DrainTheDeepStateLuciferianCabal 
Do listen to Dr Fauci Don’t listen to Dr Trump 
My $0.02: @realDonaldTrump should immediately transition his daily coronavirus briefings into economic recovery briefings. Less Fauci and bleach. More factories and jobs. America is suffering. Showcase successful re-openings.
I thought about that all day yesterday. All that spraying was an attempt to diminish sunlight enough so that the virus could survive And then there's the Fauxi story of him knowingly injecting us all with a cancer causing retro  …
So far, Fauci has failed to mention Vitamin A, C, D, zinc, UVC light or any other preventative measures against COVID-19. He has attacked #hydroxychloriquine through the NIH. His only solutions either wreck the economy or promote vaccines.
Dr. Judy Mikovitz need to tell us all why dirty cop Comey drop investigation against Fauci???
Has Fauci been arrested? 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the US should double its coronavirus testing over the next several weeks  
This is Trump looking directly at an eclipse but 
In Fauci we trust. 
Many thanks to Dr. Fauci for highlighting our Baylor #COVID19 vaccine today @theNASEM @theNAMedicine, developed through support of @NIAIDNews @NIH with @BCM_TropMed @TCHGlobalHealth 
Please listen to Dr. Fauci caution us to be patient and avoid leapfrogging lifting #SocialDistancing restrictions too soon as “almost certainly cases will rebound”. 
Where is FAUCI hiding??? 
dr fauci and carol baskin’s (living) husband being the same person is evidence that the simulation is broken 
2/2 This is  hate, and narcissistic injury. I’d bet Fauci had “the talk” with him and must be destroyed. Dr Birx (and her reputation) has already destroyed herself (and she doesn’t appear to know it.) Finally, sadly, there’s no loyalty to Fauci that will stand.
The people with the money are not always in control. These people are calling the shots. Chisholm was not wealthy, but the wealthy were funding him, just like Fauci. Fauci, Birx and others are an extension of this, the real Plague. 
Dr Fauci Advice and Trump. 
“Everyone died,” Anthony Fauci said, about the AIDS crisis. “I was used to treating people who had little hope and then saving their lives––that was so wonderful. But, with AIDS in those days, I saved no one. It was the darkest time of my life.” 
@BillOReilly you need to write a biography of Fauci titled KILLING AMERICA #FauciFraud
Matthew Macfadyenis’ character in #SuccessionHBO is a fuck, kill, marry all in one. 
And if sunshine kills the virus, why are we told to stay indoors? It’s: 1. Fauci’s a fraud. #WheresFauci 2. Birx worked for him  3. Gates owns WHO. #WhereIsBillGates
#Fauci Asks #Trump If He Would Volunteer For Clinical Trial Of Miracle Drug Called 
If I never see Dr Fauci's mug again it will be too soon.
COVID19 
In Fauci We Trust. T-shirt, mugs, cellphone cases. Fauci is the man! click here =>>  #infauciwetrust #DrFauci #Fauci #FauciFacepalm #FauciHero #FauciDeepState #CoronavirusNewYork #COVIDー19 #covid #COVID19 
Dr. Fauci announces a new mask that will save thousands of lives! #ChickenDonald 
served on the board of Bill #Gates’ Global Fund. Redfield, Birx & Fauci lead the White House #coronavirus task force. In 1992, two military investigators charged Redfield & Birx with engaging in “a systematic pattern of data manipulation, inappropriate statistical analyses &
BREAKING! This ER Doctor Just NUKED Fauci's Pandemic Fraud Straight to H...  via @YouTube
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the U.S. should at least double coronavirus testing in  weeks before easing into reopening the economy  …
The American People need to see the American Constitution respected! -No House Arrest -No Self appointed Medical officers Fauci /Gates toxic overseers -No State Governors who use virus plandemic for embezzlement/insurrection/organized theft of property #recallgavinnewsom
According to Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, "We have a major disparity in the risk of getting infected, in getting hospitalized, and dying, if  African Americans to Latinos, Whites, and Asians." 
Dr. Fauci summarizing the #COVID19 epidemic in the US: almost 1M cases & > 51K deaths. NY with > 276K. Reported cases and deaths per day have reach a “stabilization” but this is misleading, deaths lag 2-2.5 weeks. Also some  down with others 
You get the feeling we’re being conned by Gates, Fauci and all the other globalists? LET US GET BACK TO WORK? 
With regard to the misuse of Mullis' PCR procedure, this almost seems to play out like a sequel: "HIV reloaded", again starring the dyed in the wool AIDS crook #Fauci Here's Mullis on his quest for the evidence back then: 
Take your attention off Gates. He's powerless. That's the reason he's on TV...He's the distraction. Back to Fauci! Follow Fauci!!!
CNN is on with Sesame Street right now explaining Corona Virus to small children. All I can picture right now is Dr Fauci sprinting across the West Wing towards the resident screaming, “Mr. President turn on CNN now!” #CNNSesameStreet #TrumpIsALaughingStock 
Dr. Anthony Fauci is “the most trusted leader in America” when  to the coronavirus 
This is a very scary thing - our public health leaders pushing vaccines that could be poisoning people with deadly viruses. Want to read Dr Mikovits book “Plague” to learn more anout what she discovered and what Fauci did to her
Heres #Fauci who weaponized coronavirus with #Obama in 2014 announcing in 2017  surprise pandemic. 
Anthony Fauci 10 januari 2017 ______________________________________ 'There will be a surprise outbreak' 
#Birx and #Fauci were wrong on stats and closed America when distancing and masks would have done fine.
FAKE FAUCI IS A FILTHY DEMONRAT PUPPET! 
FILTHY ANIMAL FAKE DEMONRAT FAUCI!!! 
BREAKING NEWS - This interview is going to blow your mind EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
Can anybody explain to me why Trump hasn't declared Gill Bates, Anthony Fauci, Mike Pompeo, Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross national security threats by now?
Shocking Report: Dr. Anthony Fauci Helped Chinese Biowarfare Lab CREATE The Coronavirus with U.S. Tax Dollars!  … #realDonaldTrump via @SentinelWdc
Kim Jong Un’s doctor rn 
2020 is that time for revolution JFK saw arising From the #DeepStateCabal that has infiltrated the highest ranks of the U.S. government Many of talking heads have now made themselves clearly known (Fauci, governors, mainstream media, Gates) - ALL domestic enemies of the U.S. 
Does anybody agree that if either Fauci or Birx looked at , told him he’s not a dr & his ideas suck; they’d mostly be treated like heroes?
Dr. Anthony Fauci on COVID-19 testing: "We need to significantly ramp up not only the number of tests, but the capacity to perform them"  
I like how every story about how Trump is a malevolent, illiterate doofus has to include a quote from a White House spokesman that’s like “This President is a strong, energetic leader and absolutely did not ask Dr. Fauci if a very powerful leaf blower could kill the virus"
So what if Fauci/Birx/Redfield totally missed the emergence of CV-19 going back to December? Where are the scary charts of possible infections beginning in January? What if destroying the economy over unproven “social distancing” dogma was a catastrophic mistake? Then what?  …
You’ve got Fauci right now getting death threats for attempting to tell the truth about Covid! You’ve got others who can’t tell the truth just to stay in a position where they can support the truth tellers, and they barely hang on. JFC
Fauci and birx both worked extensively on HIV/AIDS. How are blood transfusion bags DISINFECTED #CL02. Chlorine Dioxide. @realDonaldTrump call them out  …
Fauci and Birx are supposed to be the foremost experts on virology, yet neither has said ANYTHING about safe far-UVC light being used to kill COVID-19?
Dan Fauci on his role in Bloodsucking Freaks #TheLastDriveIn 
OH WOW!!! The coronavirus numbers/percentages are in from California and New York!! Listen to Dr. Erickson, DO Accelerated Urgent Care, Bakersfield, CA...this is a MUST SEE video!! The full briefing link is in the 
#TrumpIsALaughingStock. If only dr Fauci was there, he would have done this Again!!!!!! 
Answer: Who is Dr. Fauci? 
He’s done what Birx and Fauci have not done. He spoke truth to psychopaths, and did it in a way we could witness.
I'll go on limb and say millions. WHERE'S FAUCI?? 
This should go viral too. Is Fauci being investigated?  …
Gotta love the media’s take on this virus on the behalf of Gates/Fauci/Birx. 
Fauci had a word with him 
And Fauci is Fake
Time for Trump to end these COVID conferences and instead address America a few times a week solo from the Oval Office as he leads America back to prosperity. He looks more presidential, doesn't take the BS from the media and silences Dr. Fraud Fauci without firing him.
 So true Mark, your amazing
Is Dr Anthony Fauci a wizard who can see into the future or, did he know the plans in advance? What about that payment of $3.7m from the NIH he was involved with to the Wuhan lab in question? Notice he hasn't been at the daily press briefings in a while #COVID19  …
I so wish Dr. Fauci and other medical experts would quit editing themselves, quit soft-pedaling, quit trying to be diplomatic and quit kowtowing to Trump. Won’t someone please stand up to this would-be despot and tell us exactly what the fuck is going on?
Trump replaces Dr. Fauci with new expert on disinfecting viruses. #TrumpIsALaughingStock 
RETWEET! "There will be a SUPRISE OUTBREAK." ~ Deep State Anthony Fauci, January 11th, 2017 
Caught cheating for the money. Fauci and gates planned on many following that "15 poicent extra" for covid labels. None of them have any integrity 
Like Anthony Fauci, who was wrong about AIDS, SARS, and bird flu before this.
Live! #FireFauciNow 
Dr. Fauci should be giving updates as necessary and only Dr. Fauci. Dr. Birx has lost her credibility.
Dr. SHIVA LIVE: Victory for Truth! Fauci Exposed on Vitamin C.  …
Just a reminder that Drs Birx and Fauci aren't noble heroes they're just some fucking randos who want their careers to take off if they were anything else they would tell Trump to fuck off and die live and wouldn't be on this TV show every day thanks for very easily understanding
It’s fauci Friday, so time to post some pics of the sexiest man alive 
#BREAKING Dr. Anthony Fauci unveils mask that will save millions of lives. 
No Dr. Birx. No Dr. Fauci. No questions taken by Donald Trump.
President Trump says over the last seven days there has been significant progress. "The country is in a great place," he says. Top White House scientists Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci are not present for today's coronavirus task force briefing.
Neither Dr. Birx nor Dr. Fauci are present for today's White House task force briefing
Talk to Dr. Judy Mikovits. Dr Fauci is a fraud, a thief who withheld Dr Makovits research on HIV and discovery and took it as his work and used his power to throw her in jail twice. Dr Fauci is an enemy of America and humanity.
If you really want to dive into this, then you need to listen to an interview with Dr Judy Mikowitz. She worked at NIH with Fauci and has many stories. 
Did anyone bother to ask Dr. Fauci what to do?  …
These two doctors with decades of expertise & practical experience in immunology (which Dr. Fauci does NOT have!) clearly sate that only sick &  individuals must be quarantined, not healthy people!  … Fauci advised the opposite! #FireFauci
Birx Fauci FRAUDS There is NO "pandemic" Numbers are all FAKE ARREST birx ARREST fauci ARREST gates
"ALL AMERICANS ARE FED UP WITH THE LIES PUSHED BY THE DEEP STATE, FAUCI, AND BRIX. WE WANT OTHER OPINION FROM REAL DOCTORS NOT AFFILIATED WITH BILL GATES OR THE WHO." 
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci announces a new mask that will save thousands of lives 
Millions of cases small amount of deaths truth is learned not told #FauciLied @realDonaldTrump @VP @prayingmedic @TheCollectiveQ @Qanon76 @WorldTruthTV @RickPorterSEO BREAKING! This ER Doctor Just NUKED Fauci's Pandemic Fraud Straight to H...  via @YouTube
Hey Fauci - Thanks for the chronic #LymeDisease assist!!! #TheGreatAwakening #qanon Sweet Innocent Dr. Fauci had an Assistant Doctor Fired and Jailed in 2011 for Warning that Vaccines were Giving Americans Known Chronic Diseases  … via @gatewaypundit
Here's the truth about Fauci and Birx. Just listen:  …
In the midst of a pandemic in which 50,000 citizens of the US have died to-date Trump says he was being "sarcastic", a joke during a daily briefing w/ medical experts standing all around #DeborahBirx & #Fauci should resign in protest & publicly say Trump is unfit to lead now
And just like that, America is now talking about UV light therapy and preventative measures like far-UVC light. If it were up to Fauci or Birx we would never have heard of either of these. Thank you President Trump!
The POTUS needs to get rid of Birx & Fauci & put these guys on his daily pressers! Wow, what informative conclusions to this mess the fear mongers have created!!!
Trump says he disagrees with  that U.S. needs more coronavirus testing  
Think Fauci ain't already fired? Check out this body language from Trump and Pence 
Happy Birthday from me, to me. Strawberry cheesecake to lift the quarantine blues 
I pray every day that Doctors Fauci and Birx will deliver us from the coronavirus but I also pray that they start wearing their masks in public during the White House briefings and lead by example. @FauciFan #Masks4All
Dr Fauci has been arrested for Fraud, Extortion, Human Trafficking, Involuntarily Servitude, Murder, High Treason and crimes against humanity 
Unlike Fauci, Birx was brought on to be a Trump mouthpiece. But I guess even sycophants have their limits.
When the Trump Covid Taskforce conducts its next media briefing, it’d be *criminally negligent* (or worse) for Drs. Fauci and Birx not to warn Americans that it would be dangerous and possibly lethal for them to follow Trump’s wild advice to swallow disinfectants or sanitizers.
Arrest Warrant for Anthony Stephen Fauci 
Dr Anthony Fauci: Our antibody. 
The best way to "bench" Fauci and Birx is simply to end the daily news conferences then ignore them in private. We are no longer in the "Panic" phase of this disease. President Trump would be better served withy daily solo statements from the Oval Office of hope and recovery.
PLEASE DON'T DRINK 
OH CDC DID U NOT THINK I WOULDNT FIND THIS YOU ALL WILL GO DOWN CDC FAUCI BILL GATES BIRX WHO GET READY 
Breaking News: Trump to replace Fauci with Theodoric of York. 
Seeing who Fauci and birx are tied to is not shocking
When Dr. Fauci sees #DontDrinkBleach is 
First it was Anthony Fauci, now its Dr Deborah Birx. If Fauci's reaction was precious, Birx's reaction just felt sad....you've gotta just feel for her. 
BREAKING! This ER Doctor Just NUKED Fauci's Pandemic Fraud Straight to H...  via @YouTube #Plandemic #FauciFraud #qanon
#DontDrinkBleach Dr. Fauci: It’s a stupid idea! Trump: 
I don’t trust Fauci. I don’t trust Gates. The two working together is recipe for disaster.  …
When Trump said in response to Dr. Fauci's assertion that we need to "significantly ramp up" test, "I don't agree with him on that, no, I think we're doing a great job on testing," it's not an OPINION that we're doing badly on testing, it's a FACT.
Trump's message for the next 60 days needs to be: OPEN AMERICA! Lockdowns are unconstitutional, stupid and useless. He should have never listened to Fauci on this. Oh well, he did and here we are. Time to put that little liar on the bench and start throwing deep on reopening.
Right. Why didn’t Birx and Fauci get a butterfly net and scoop him into it then and there?  …
Just to be clear, you are blaming Hannity - who had Fauci on air in mid-January and warned the nation, while de Blasio was telling New Yorkers on March 2 to hit the town and party, and went to a public gym March 9 while telling his city to avoid gyms.......
HERO GOV. BRIAN KEMP JUST STARED DOWN THE DEMPANIC CROWD, the catastrophically statistically  clown show of Birx and Fauci and, yes, even @realDonaldTrump Donald J. Trump, and reopened his economy.  …
Despite occasional critiques, I have the greatest respect for Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci. They’re in an impossible position, desperately trying to save millions of American lives while managing this grim exercise as madness reigns around them. Quitting would be easy. This? So tough.  …
Trump says he disagrees with  that U.S. needs more coronavirus testing  
Liars. It’s all a hoax people. Nothing but the flu. Fight back please  #GATESOFHELL #Agenda2030 #FauciFraud #EmptyHospitals #CoronaHoax
UPSA: Arrest Warrant 2020-04-23-1 ANTHONY FAUCI Watch "UPSA: Arrest Warrant 2020-4-23-1, Anthony Fauci" on YouTube
To All of My Truther & Awoke Brothers and Sisters Worldwide Notice On The (Left) The Logo Insignia of 'TONY FAUCI' & Notice On The (Right) The Logo Insignia of 'KOBE BRYANT'S DARK ARTS NIKE SYSTEM' #Baphomet #DarkArts #Luciferianism #KobeSystem #SatanicSacrifice #COVID19 
I wouldn’t believe anything fauci says anymore either! #FireFauciNow #FauciFraud
Angry White House Staffer says she and Fauci stay on because they can still get through to him. If they leave think of who he'd hire and all the federal programs that would be endangered. This is all on Pence and Mitchell. #ComplicitCorruptGOP
I am prepping for my radio show RE: how The CABAL (Gates,Soros,Fauci,Pelosi,Schumer) tried to depopulate the world by WEAPONIZING 5G with "The WEAPONIZED 5G NANOTUBE CORONAVIRUS DELIVERY SYSTEM invented by Dr. LIEBER and the PATENT by the Queen and Gates. 
BREAKING! This ER Doctor Just NUKED Fauci's Pandemic Fraud Straight to Hell!  …
"I don't think this guy went to medical 
Fauci-Birx have flattened our health care system  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci thanks the NFL for following social distancing guidelines with its virtual draft  
“Trump rarely attends task force meetings that precede the briefings, & he typically doesn’t prepare before he steps in front of cameras ... [even  the amount of time he must spend onstage each day has a ‘draining’ effect” This is brutal:  …
You know he'll be quadrupling down on this tomorrow. He'll force Birx and Fauci to author a white paper this weekend proving him right.  …
At what point does Fauci or Birx just exclaim “OKAY FUCK THIS I’M OUT!!” on live TV?
Trump says he disagrees with  that U.S. needs more coronavirus testing  
To my friends who have faulted Birx or Fauci for not "calling out" Trump: Please consider his musings today on disinfectants, and his champing at the bit to reopen businesses. These advisers are trying to manage a dangerous man who has the power to do vast harm. Give them room.
If Birx & Fauci do not call a press conference and call on the cabinet to immediately invoke the #25theAmendmentNow, that our country is in grave danger from a lunatic leader grossly incapable of dealing with this crisis, they are derelict in their  …
That moment you realize (a) you’re working for a deranged sociopath monster and (b) you start feeling like everything you worked your whole life to  is flushing down this monster’s toilet.... #DeborahBirx #Birx #Fauci #Trump #coronavirus 
This is the moment Dr Birx realises that her #HippocraticOath no longer means anything anymore. How scared must Birx and Fauci be of Trump, his goons and his cult members to let him get away with what is very likely to soon be  …
And why does he always calls her "Debra," but the other guy is Dr. Fauci. I really hate him.
Who would’ve guessed we’d get a Dr. Fauci appearance in the #NFLDraft2020
If you had “Dr. Fauci encouraging you to stay home” on your #NFLDraft2020 bingo  on down and collect your prize
Let Fauci announce the picks. #NFLDraft
And with the first pick of the #NFLDraft2020 the Bengals select, TONY FAUCI 
The National anthem and Dr. Fauci?? Can we start this?? #NFLDraft2020
Watching The NFL draft. Why Dr. Fauci? How about some Labradoodle highlights instead? #RogerGoodell wake me up when it’s over 
Tony Fauci is the “Top Pick” in the ⁦ @NFL⁩ draft as the #COVID19 
Thank the lord they got Fauci to give an opening address during the #NFLDraft rather than Fuckface Von Clownstick
Me listening to the NFL show Anthony Fauci, random celebrities, and dumb slideshows instead of showing the draft picks 
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci is now  of the NFL 
Resting scientist 
Medical Intern Doctor Trump disagrees with Fauci on US testing capacity. Everyone will be covered. 
Dr Fauci saying US is not where we want to be on #Covid_19 testing.  We need tests that are 1) accurate; 2) simple to administer; 3) provide results rapidly at the scene; & 4) easy to carry out in large numbers. We are not even close to this standard.
Ugh. “Deborah and Dr. Fauci”. Excuse me, it’s Dr. Birx or it’s Tony and Deborah. It is never “Deborah and Dr. Fauci”. Ever.
Trump, who also just asked if we can "inject" disinfectant or "light" into the body to fight the virus, says he does not agree with Dr. Fauci that our testing is inadequate. Imma go with Dr. Fauci. You?
"I don't agree with him," President Trump says of Dr. Fauci, asked about  today to TIME that U.S. is "just not there yet" on testing.
Trump on  to Time that testing is not where it needs to be: “If he said that I don’t agree with him.”
Asked if he agrees with Fauci saying we're just not where we need to be yet on testing, Trump says "I don't agree with him."
ARREST BILL GATES & FAUCI AND SENTENCE THEM TO DEATH! Then take down EVERYONE involved in Pizza Gate. #ArrestBillGates #ArrestFauci #PUREEVIL #PizzaGate
President Trump: “We’re very close to a vaccine.” Fact check: Dr. Fauci has repeatedly said that a vaccine will take a year or more to development and to distribute to Americans. This is a misleading statement by President Trump.
Trump says "we're very close to a vaccine," then immediately says we're not very close on the testing of the vaccine, because you have to test it and it takes a long time. (Uhh...) (Fauci has floated a 12-to-18-month timeline; many are skeptical even it'll be that fast.)
Dr. Anthony Fauci on COVID-19 testing: "We need to significantly ramp up not only the number of tests, but the capacity to perform them"  
Dr. Fauci promises 7 year old Ava that the Tooth Fairy cannot get Coronavirus 
Fauci says US needs to "significantly ramp up" coronavirus testing  
President Trump is ON IT. He knows about Fauci. He's investigating the 3.7 Million Fauci authorized in funds to the Wuhan China Lab.  …
Trump’s biggest mistake was listening to the “expert”. Fauci isn’t the expert. He’s the culprit. If the American people understood what this panic monger has been allowed to do, they’d be dragging him down Pennsylvania Ave by his shoe laces #FireFauciNow
NEW: Dr. Fauci to @TIME magazine on U.S. testing capabilities: "We need to significantly ramp up not only the number of tests, but the capacity to perform them. ... I am not overly confident right now at all that we have what it takes to do that."
Fauci All Democrat Governors All Democrat Mayors All Congressional Members .....and now even Trump and Pence 
Why does this President continue to cast doubts about Dr. Fauci? America trusts Dr. Fauci. President Trump should as well.
BREAKING NEWS: Fauci Asks Trump If He Would Volunteer For Clinical Trial Of Miracle Drug Called Chloroform
Fauci on #TIME100Talks right now explaining why world so unprepared for COVID-19. Globalism, transmissability, deadliness, shortness of notice.
Briefings: Trump lifts you up, then Fauci brings you down. Has Fauci  the de facto President?
9/ Remember the reporting that Trump's impulse in Feb. was to let Covid-19 “wash over” the country?  … It’s still what he wants. He is a one-trick pony: He's a would-be oligarch intent on dismantling the federal government so he and his pals can get rich.
Have I been in isolation too long or is Dr.Fauci a lil snack?
WE were betrayed by INCOMPETENT Lawyer-Lobbyists who SLEPT as Fauci’s Deep State thugs @WHO+China+ @BillGates + @ClintonFdn+ @CDCgov+BIG Pharma manufactured a “pandemic” to crash economies so we rollover  to mandated medicine #vaccines. They assumed WE were sleeping. NOT!
When are you going to fire that treasonous Dr. Fauci? What kind of idiots does he think this populace is? Disease cannot jump species without human interference. If you listen to the Dr. Judy Mikovitz  ...she calls him pure evil.
Fauci has been around through several presidents and through many many pandemics. Prior to COVID-19, has he EVER  lockdowns to stop the disease? No, of course not. So why NOW?
Did Fauci  lockdowns during the H1N1 outbreak in 2009 when Obama was President?
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLAST Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci, EXPOSES Fak...  via @YouTube #arrestFauci #ArrestBillGates2020 #WHOLiedPeopleDied
This is what I was talking about when I said Birx hadn’t “gone to the dark side” and she was instrumental in getting Trump to do things. Trump listens to her more than he does Fauci because Fauci is so publicly outspoken, so Birx and Fauci have a good cop/bad cop deal going.  …
Fauci’s 2017 Georgetown Address Warns Trump Admin With “Surprise Outbreak” 
Chile could be the first country to issue immunity certificates to people who have recovered from the virus, and Germany and Italy are considering them. In the U.S., Dr. Anthony Fauci has said the idea might “have some merit under certain circumstances.” 
I have to share this remarkable  on Senator Warren’s post about her brother, who passed away from 
Geez, that credibility gap between Trump and Dr. Fauci is immense.
Fauci what’s up with this ??????why you stole that poor lady research and fired her and arrested her 
Dr. Fauci on @time 100 talks now: I guarantee you we will see rebound and more cases as we reopen. That’s why we need checkpoints, testing, tracing. We need to significantly ramp up capacity for testing & ability to perform them. #covid19
Fauci is the thug. Coronoia is just Swine Flu on replay, or the "crowned flu" as Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg calls it. The institutional corruption at the WHO is endemic. "Virologists are the fear mongers again," writes Dr. Wodarg, "telling us about dangerous genetic shifts and drifts."
Gates and Fauci are best friends. Fauci worked with wuhan lab. Wuhan lab released the virus. Gates has the vaccine. See the problem here? The guy who poured nails on the streets has the tire shop right up the road. Say NO to vaccines and NO to increased surveillance!
More than 26 million have filed for unemployment in the last 4 weeks. Meanwhile, Democrats, the media, and Fauci insist it’s a mere inconvenience and smear Republican governors who are trying to open their states’ economies. Unbelievable.  …
Since When Did Bill Gates  POTUS? Then Why Is Every Member On @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Coronavirus Response Team Pushing His Vaccinations?  … #coronavirus India threw Gates out after his polio vaccine created a polio epidemic. Ask Fauci about Nussbaum.
Quarantine Help Wanted Jobs posted in November of 2019. COVID-19 Coronavirus Bill Gates Fauci Birx Dr. Shiva BIO WARFARE PILBRIGHT Hydroxycloroquine Trump World Health Organization W.H.O. WHO REOPEN VACCINE 
My theory is: That @POTUS has a Dr. Fauci in front of him, so that people discover who the Fauci is. Mr. Trump, reverse psychology, as Fauci is part of the enemy, imagine how he must be when he has to tell us in public the opposite of what he actually does  …
Here's a story I reported as a young lad in which Anthony Fauci walked me through the process of creating vaccines, and the risks of rushing it (in that case, to stop Ebola) (you have to listen it's radio)  …
Dr Fauci is a clown - a very dangerous clown. I will assume President Trump has a broader strategy for keeping him around, but it does try one's patience to see Fauci at the podium.
Dr. Anthony Fauci says Coronavirus will  back in the fall. That's good, because Dr. Fauci has a history of being wrong every time with every prediction. Check his track record here:  …
This is happening all over the country, hollowing out our health care system. What about this, Dr. Fauci and task force?  …
America is at the brink. President Trump can either save us and make us stronger than ever, or continue listening to idiots like Dr. Fauci and sink us into the abyss. By election day, we'll know if he is an American Hero or a spectacular failure. THIS is it, as they say.
Doctor Fauci and White house Easter Bunny. 
Actually, Fauci helped ensure it.  …
HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci  …
Fauci said this President would face a pandemic before his term was out. How did Fauci know? Bill Gates held a forum on Coronvirus pandemic and what it would look like in October 2019. These people believe in their one world socialism quest. “For the greater good.”
I have been telling u......Trump knows EXACTLY who Fauci is! "If I let him speak, I'll let anybody speak" #WWG1WGA  …
Obama’s administration with Fauci’s approval outsourced bat virus research to Wuhan China. I guess we all see the results today.  …
Ivanka Trump slams Biden for saying only Fauci should speak about coronavirus  
What is Dr. Fauci telling himself? 
Mr. President,if you would give Fauci is walking papers, I'm sure we would get Our Country moving forward once again ! There's to many really Great Doctors who Disagree with Fauci and actually knows way more than Fauci !!! Fauci thinks he's the Greatest Doctor that ever lived !!!
Dr. Fauci: Take the mic. Go out in a blaze of glory. Tell the people what a useless glue huffing shitbag Trump is.
Now we know that hydroxychloroquine does not work for the treatment of #coronavirus And yet NOT ONE reporter asked Trump, Fauci or Brix today about the millions and millions of pills the U.S. government bought. What happens to those pills now? And how much did all that cost?
I would bet my fancy seashell soaps that Dr. Fauci displays Reader’s Digest in his waiting room.
Dr. Fauci ‘Convinced’ Coronavirus Will Impact U.S. In The Fall  … 
What hypnotic power does this clown Fauci have over people? Every prediction he has made for the past 2 months has been wildly wrong, and yet he is STILL treated like the ultimate expert. He is a Democrat political operative - period.
Is Fauci aware that what he is demanding is an economic impossibility?
Fauci is a quintessential scientist, invaluable for his expertise in one area, but a constitutional dunce, a political dunce, an economic dunce. We should no more take his counsel on those matters than we should ask a top-flight lawyer or economist to develop a vaccine
"Fauci was a workplace tyrant who was under investigation for swiping scientific research, covering up tainted vaccines, doling out lucrative federal grants to feckless cronies and much more."  …
So is Fauci now saying America must remain shutdown throughout the summer because COVID-19 could return in the Fall? My God. Of course it will return in the fall, just like the flu and we'll deal with it then, just like the flu.
Approx. 7000 doctors in 40 countries say the  of Hydroxycloroquine, ZPack, Zinc, Vit. C, etc. works. Fauci and an NIH funded VA study with no baseline and a confirmation bias say it doesn't. Of course the MSM ignores the former and takes the latter as gospel.
In Fauci We Trust 
So when Dr. Fauci steps up to the mic and says "there will be coronavirus in the fall," what do you think Trump hears? Trump tells us he's spoken "spoken to 10 different people" about a recurrence and he knows it  back. I guess Fauci wasn't one of the 10.
You can really see the displeasure on Trump's face when he has to surrender the microphone to Dr. Fauci. Contempt and jealously written all over that swelled up orange face. #WhiteHouseBriefing
Trump marched Redfield out to rebut the WaPo story. Redfield came out  confirmed every part of the story and said he was quoted accurately. Then, Fauci came out and agreed with Redfield's quotes. Epic fail by Trump.  …
FAUCI how you knew in January 2017 there will be an outbreak in the year January 2020 Exactly 3 years later You bitches planned this shit you! You evil demented psychopaths inbred narcissistic bastards Ruining peoples lives behind your money hungry power grabbing asses 
Dr. Fauci: "We will have coronavirus in the fall. I am convinced of that ... What happens with that will depend on how we're able to contain it when it occurs."
President Trump: Coronavirus “might  back at all.” Dr. Fauci: “There will be coronavirus in the fall.”
Dr. Fauci: I plead w/ the U.S. public & governors. Don't "leap frog" mitigation steps. He says, "Do it in a measured way....If we don't do that there is a likelihood we'll have a rebound. And the one way not to reopen the economy is to have a rebound that we can't take care of."
Dr. Fauci on Georgia: "If I were advising the governor, I would tell him he should be careful...Going ahead and leapfrogging into phases where you should not be...I would advise him not to do that." More emphatic than Dr. Birx was yesterday when asked about this.
Trump: There might not even be Coronavirus in the fall! Fauci: We will definitely have Coronavirus in the fall no doubt about it Glad we’re all on the same page
Fauci has spoken. Now STAY AT HOME you friggin eejits !!! #Fauci #FauciHero #TrumpPressConference #TrumpPressConf #TrumpPressBriefing  – at ZF Services
Dr. Fauci, just minutes after President Trump said a second wave of coronavirus "might not happen," says he is convinced a second wave will happen. Dr. Fauci said: "Nobody is going to predict what is going to happen with an outbreak...There will be coronavirus in the fall."
Fauci backs Redfield: “We will have coronavirus in the fall. I am convinced of that.... it’s going to 
There will be coronavirus in the fall - Fauci
Fauci using big words so @realDonaldTrump won’t know he’s saying Trump is full is shit
Dr. Fauci: "We will have coronavirus in the fall. I am convinced of that...In the fall, we will be much, much better prepared."
Fauci: We all have an urge to "get it over with" and "get back to normal," and there are good reasons (economic and other suffering), but "I plead" with the public and governors and mayors: don't "leapfrog over things."
Pres Trump says a 2nd wave of coronavirus might not happen. Dr. Anthony Fauci has said he anticipates a 2nd wave in the fall, but that the U.S. will likely be better prepared. Fauci said, "I would anticipate that that would actually happen bc of the degree of transmissibility."
FLASHBACK: Dr. Fauci Cheered Hydroxychloroquine Success Treating MERS Coronavirus in 2013... But Today He's Skeptical... That's Weird?  … via @gatewaypundit
Can we ask Fauci what he thinks of possible second wave during Flu season?
#deborahbirx #TodaysBriefing Dr. Birx, what the hell?!!! Where is Dr. Fauci? We do not believe anything you are saying. This man is sending ventlators overseas and my people, Black people, are dying like flies. Damn y'all! .
Redfield now being forced to backtrack in front of Trump, just like Fauci was forced to do. This is painful.
Bill Gates , Fauci , Cuomo alll guilty of treason
#ARREST Bill Gates Dr Fauci Dr Birx Crimes against Melan People on this planet 
Call out bill gates and fauci 
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! President Donald J. Trump investigating His $3.7 Million Obama Era Grant to Wuhan Lab!!! Obama AND Fauci need to be on TRIAL!!! Full Dr. Buttar interview:   …
Does anybody recall Fauci saying anything about the virus turning all the blondes into brunettes?
young Fauci  …
Fauci said in 2017 POTUS @realDonaldTrump and the administration would face a “surprise” pandemic. Fauci isn’t what I call trustworthy. #notacoincidence
Conservative MPs now saying publicly what we all know they've been saying to each other privately about Canada's top doctor. Very similar to the 'Fire Fauci' rhetoric we're seeing in the United States. 
Cherry Blossoms of Japan in Spring. Photo's 1 taken in Tokyo, 2, taken around Saitama Prefecture, photo 3 in Shizuoka Prefecture, & photo 4 in Ibaraki Prefecture. Photos: i/g 
Dr. Birx CONFRONTED on Her and Fauci MISLEADING Trump, Her Reaction Says EVERYTHING 
If Fauci didn’t know his renegade CNN and MSNBC appearances would destroy the economy, he’s far too  and irresponsible to hold so much power. Of course he knew. And he kept doing it. The “why” isn’t a mystery.
You & Dr Fauci should be looking forward to joining Gitmo for crimes against humanity! 
Let's think about this: India threw Gates out b/c his "vaccine" actually caused people to have polio and an epidemic. Today, India has mandated Hydroxychloroquine to the entire population of India, laughing at Fauci, Blix, Gates & Soros death camp. @zev_dr
It also keeps the government functional. Imagine if every Dr. Fauci, every VA surgeon, every rocket scientist and every special agent was replaced with an Ivanka, a Jared or a Scott Pruitt. The United States would be a smoldering crater inside of a year.
Can someone name even one prediction Fauci has gotten right in the past 3 months?
WATCH: Dr. Fauci has a long standing career of leadership in public health. In 1984, Dr. Fauci was one of the brave health officials to work on AIDS at the National Institute of Health.  
Dr. Oz, on Fox & Friends, says the VA study on hydroxychloroquine shows that "we don't know" if it works and "we are better off waiting for the randomized trials Dr. Fauci has been asking for." Just an astonishing turnaround for a network that has been aggressively promoting it. 
I know Dr Birx and Dr Fauci are being careful in their language to avoid upsetting Trump so they can continue to fight COVID-19, but at some point, they  enablers. This one crosses the line for me.  …
#GatesHacked We all know Bill Gates Dr.Anthony Fauci and his crew at NIAID are linked to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. 
If I were Trump, I'd not only fire Fauci, I'd fire and humiliate him for giving me that bullsh*t data from discredited UK researcher Ferguson to start this whole lockdown mess. Fauci had to know Ferguson's work on Swine flu was a fraud, but used his COVID-19 model anyway?
In the new report from Fauci's NIH they put down #Hydroxycloroquine and it would also seem #remdesivir as well. Are they trying to debunk any and all therapeutic solutions to COVID-19, leaving us with only economy-wrecking lockdowns and vaccines?
And what the hell is Fauci doing leading a panel to debunk #Hydroxycloroquine as clinical trials are ongoing, seeking to poison the public's mind before the results? This man is guilty of medical malpractice and ethical violations of the highest order. Get him away from  …
Has Dr. Fauci said ANYTHING about COVID-19 that didn't turn out to be  lie? This fraud shouldn't be allowed within 100 feet of President Trump.
Curious the Left is now saying #hydroxychloriquine has been "debunked?" Really? In a large, peer-reviewed clinical study? Aren't several of those actually going on right now? An NIH panel, led by Dr. Fraud Fauci, claimed it doesn't work, but that wasn't a clinical study.
Have you seen this? I urge you to listen to this doctor speak on this podcast. #firefauci They must read this and listen to the  …
Fauci is a cancer on this whole process. I don't care what the media or Democrats say, Trump needs to remove him from the team. He undermines the president's authority at every step.
Was Fauci's NIH "Expert Panel" that just  against #Hydroxychloroquine a clinical trial? Why is Fauci promoting something that isn't a clinical trial even as clinical trials are ongoing? Isn't that malpractice to undermine and prejudice an ongoing clinical trial?
What's everyone hearing about Fauci's standing on Trump's COVID Team?
MR. PRESIDENT PLEASE DO NOT LISTEN TO THE SNAKES AROUND YOU PLEASE FIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE FAUCI AND GATES ARE OUR ENEMIES NO VACCINES NO CHIP NO DIGITAL MONEY NO MARK OF THE BEAST!! 
#FireFauci So, all of the doctor testimonials about the life saving effectiveness of HQ are...? are the doctors not telling the truth?  …
They must read this and listen to the podcast.  … #firefauci
Put me in charge. I WILL: 1) Banish the Fed. 2) Pay back every nickel you’ve given Israel. 3) Print interest-free currency. 4) Have Fauci debate Andrew Kaufman, MD on mainstream TV. And 5) Put video cameras inside all these (allegedly) packed-to-the-brim hospitals. ANY TAKERS?
Tooth Fairy safe from #coronavirus. Top US health and infectious disease specialist Anthony Fauci reassures a young girl that the tooth fairy is not at risk of infection  
Are you listening? #Fauci went against Government orders to not research modifications of #coronavirus in 2014 What did #FauciFraud do? Created budgets to fund the research with taxpayers Then had the gull to say there would be a pandemic under @realDonaldTrump #Treason  
haven’t seen him since Trump was asked at briefing about the 3.7M - fauci reportedly used w/o permission to move the virus to wuhan...  …
Are any attorneys willing to sue Fauci for gross negligence, or worse, for his role in this hoax (his role in virus origination from UNC transferred to Wuhan; same death rate as flu or less) while profiting from it by pushing Gates' vaccine & dismissing role of other drugs?
They are all involved- Collins with Fauci, WHO Dir, Gates 
Dr. Fauci’s panel of experts advise against use of hydroxychloroquine, the drug Trump has been pushing  …
True, and now we know it was Fauci who approved this $3.7m budget...  …
#RT Fauci & Bill Gates Made #Covid19  2 different strainds of the #coronavirus & #HIV plus other viruses to make it more lethal & resistant to medicines All to create the #CoronavirusPandemic @realDonaldTrump #Qanon #WeAreTheRevolution #FauciFraud #Treason 
“Many speculating Gates Foundation is linked to research of ‘gain of function.’..where scientists add deadly features to a virus. It was outlawed in the US in 2015 by a moratorium & research was all migrated to Wuhan & Dr. Fauci funneled $4 million USD  his research.”
Watch Dr. Fauci assure little girl on Will Smith's talk show that Tooth Fairy can't catch COVID-19 
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist and HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
“Doctor Fauci is focusing only on the virus and not on the broader American life.” In fact, Fauci is focused on the virus in terms of broader American life, whereas for Ingraham life and death is just politics and conspiracy theories. What a mediocre human being, in every way.
I watched that video and I am horrified and freaked out. Fauci is running our health response to covid 19. And he is a terrible manipulator and deceitful. Honestly, what do we do?
Who sent the work to China? Fauci? Who paid China? The US did, how much? 3.7 million dollars. Where have you heard that number from? Listen to the first 30 seconds here: 
The corruption is so deep, and Fauci is one at the bottom of it. Listen to Dr Judy Mikovitz and what happened to her when she discovered that the vaccines gave HIV.  …
THERE YOU HAVE IT, FOLKS: HOW MUCH MORE CLEAR CAN YOU SEE THAT THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION, FAUCI, BILL GATES, CDC, GOOGLE, THE DEATHCARE BIG PHARMA INDUSTRY - EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM ARE ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(2014) - Dr. #Fauci expresses his condolences to the family and friends of those lost on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17  
Dr. Anthony Fauci created covid19 and AIDS #Fauci #Billgatesvirus #covid19 #FireFauci #coronavirus #wikileaks #QAnon #Q @officialmcafee @KimDotcom 
. @LindseyGrahamSC set is on February 29 Dr. Fauci said the risk for Americans was low. So you need to quit blaming @realDonaldTrump. 
Where is Dr Fauci?
Couldn’t agree more Noticed Dr Fauci hasn’t been Around for days Trump bullies Reporters doesn’t like, or Filibusters his answer to their Question with his nonsense propaganda He really is trying control the daily narrative Studied Hitler’s speeches Attack Press & Opponents
Handling Vegas in this Pandemic is like handling nitroglycerin. The "reentry plan" has to be brilliant. In addition we need a vaccine. Vegas can't sustain 18 months of isolation while Dr. Fauci perfects the antidote.
where’s fauci...?EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
Meanwhile, Dr. Fauci is saying this -“It’s really terrible, because it’s just one of the failings of our society, that African Americans have a disproportionate prevalence in incidents of the  conditions that put you at a high risk,” Fauci told [Will] Smith.
Breaking: Dr fauci has passed away from diarrhea in his pants
Bio-terrorist pedophiles doing some light shopping during coronavirus. Bill and Melinda Gates Buy Oceanfront Home Near San Diego for $43 Million #billgates #billgatesvirus #covid19 #vaccinestate #fauci #JeffreyEpstein #coronavirus #NWO 
Why in the hell did Hannity just call Fauci a hero who has saved many lives?
Has a liberal ever been able to explain to you why abortion is considered to be an essential service under this preposterous Fauci Faux Models lockdown?
POLITICO/Morning Consult poll: 53 percent of U.S. voters have "not much" or no trust in Trump's reopening timeline. More have "a lot" or "some" trust in Fauci (71 percent), the CDC (71 percent), their state's governor (60 percent) and Pence (40 percent).
NIH director says he was not pressured to fire Fauci after Trump retweet supporter calling for his termination  
Dr. Brix qualifies as an expert witness for HIV, not coronavirus transmission. Her resume is limited to scientific knowledge & experience with HIV. Many of her opinions on public health measures to contain the coronavirus are uninformed. Dr. Fauci is a coronavirus expert.  …
Dr. Buttar issues  argument as to why the mainstream media and government health agency leaders like Dr. Fauci have it all wrong – when  to educating the public about this current viral infection we call, COVID-19.
I’ve seen the calming effects of a weighted blanket, but will it help with my dick withdrawal? 
 Also Please watch and Share Never Forget Marshall Islands 
Where is Dr Fauci? He needs to be at these briefings and hasn't been for the last four day. #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci #whereisfauci  …
Are you sick and tired of Dr. Fraud Fauci, who used a bad model by a known discredited British researcher to convince Trump over 2 million Americans would die, constantly undermining and contradicting our president at every turn? There is no choice but to fire and shame him.
So let me get this straight. A panel, led by none other than Dr. Fraud Fauci  out AGAINST #Hydroxychloroquine, once again undermining Trump? Sounds as if they came out against #remdesivir as well. I guess ONLY a vaccine will do? #FireFauci
Wait you mean the untested drug that Dr. Fauci & others warned not to promote but Hannity and Trump who are not doctors did anyway ended up killing more people than standard care would have?
Dr Anthony Fauci days before Trump sworn into office January 20, 2017 said there will be a 'surprise outbreak' during Trump's administration 
Joe Biden: Dr. Fauci Should Be ‘Only Person’ Heard at WH Briefings!!  … @realDonaldTrump
Dr. Fauci’s numbers or models were incorrect, the line has flattened, Democrats can’t use Coronavirus as a Political Platform to Blame Trump and keep America Closed anymore! Their political narrative to attack Trump certainly didn’t work with the American People either!  …
Maybe when  to medicine we should listen to Fauci and not Giuliani/Hannity/Carlson.  …
Bill Mitchell: Fauci is a Democratic operative and has daily phone calls with Hillary. It's true, but I can't prove it. Bill Mitchell is really Charles Manson and has daily phone calls with Hitler. It's true, but I can't prove it. 
Y’all gathered like this mid-pandemic, put your lives and others at risk, and made a mockery of our state so you could chant “Fire Fauci!” Texas. Get it together.  …
Fauci is conflating two separate models: social distancing and economic shutdown. The one does not imply the other! My new book is out June 2, 2020  
As I’ve been saying all along my advice — don’t listen to TV docs and listen to real docs like Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says sports could return this year without fans as we adjust to a "new normal." It won't be the same (and it won't last forever) but for now Fauci said, "I think having them play on television is certainly better than nothing."  …
Stefan Molyneux in conversation with Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai MIT PhD about health, Covid-19, Dr Fauci, Bill Gates, the Gate Foundation, the Clinton Foundation - and much more! Although a bit long worth watching .....  …
Joe Biden: Dr. Anthony Fauci should be 'only person' public hears from during COVID-19 crisis Why not Dr. Birx? This sounds sexist to me. Maybe Dr. Birx is just too old for his liking  …
NO VACCINE FROM #BillGates #Fauci  …
RT Coincidence? Fauci got funding to create #Covid19 & he somehow knew Trump would face a pandemic? 2+2=5 Watch "Dr Rashid Buttar exposes Gates, Fauci FAKE pandemic" on YouTube  #RT #WeAreTheRevolution
Have you listened to Birx.. Dr Birx.. Can you explain these numbers Birx~ "Well the asymptotic slope of the ascending inflection is less than the derivative of the area under the curve so we have an impingement on the integral leading to a Chi Square, Fauci~ Huh.. Yeh it's up  …
DR FRAUD FAUCI'S OWN NIH PANEL RECOMMENDS AGAINST USE OF #HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE AND ANYTHING ELSE FOR THAT MATTER - NIH Panel  Against Drug Combination Promoted By Trump For  …
Here's my latest video. It's Time to Fire Dr Fauci and Fire Dr Tam  via @YouTube
They both are #DeepState Hacks & very Anti-American and Very Corrupt. Dr Birx may be worse than Fauci- her daughter works for Chief Commie Poison Agent Bill Gates! These are really EVIL people. I do know Pres Trump is on to them. Will be interesting to see how it unfolds.
Fauci vs Barr Who do you trust? 
She looks like she's just walked out of a 1950s family  I respect her education, her successes to get where she is. In attaching herself to this ADM, she has damaged all she has likely fought through, in a male dominated world.Unlike Dr. Fauci she is clearly swayed. #shame
Coronavirus: The Tooth Fairy won't catch the virus, US infectious disease expert Fauci assures 7-year-old  …
So the CDC got the tests wrong at the beginning and dr.fauci and dr. Brix,the NHI dont know when or if a vaccine will work or even exist yet the left wants everyone to wait for a vaccine. HIV never had a vaccine but uses therapiesThe left is trying to negate HCQ as a therapy
“Mr Fauci, practically the only task force member who is willing to contradict Mr Trump in public, had warned people about relying on the medicine.” Ms Birx is more ‘tactful’ 
She’s pro-Trump all the way. Sad to see  You notice Dr. Fauci hasn’t been speaking for several days .
FACT: Doctor Fauci and Doctor Deborah Birx stand at the podium with our Bloated POTUS and submit to his uninformed ramblings in plain sight. Their willingness to explain away Trump's Misinformation Campaign will kill people. Full Stop. They could absolutely REFUSE to be USED.
Very interesting interview with Meryl Nass on hydroxychloroquine, Anthony Fauci, Ralph Baric, the possible lab origins of SARS-CoV-2 and other coronavirus topics. Definitely worth checking out. 
So when will Fauci and Scarfi own up to being had on the numbers and show we have all been had?
White guy at CDC: Going forward there will be no "dapping" of any kind. "Dapping" will forever be a thing of the past Fauci: actually in 5-6 months if everything goes– White guy at CDC: NO DAPPING EVER AGAIN THE SCIENCE DEMANDS IT
Fauci runs circles around Trump, Pence, and Birx. Which is precisely why Trump doesn’t like him speaking!
Funded by NIH - Fauci/Gates gang NOT a study, a "review of medical records" No protocols, no control group Existing co-morbidities not accounted Quotes Brazil "study" <~15 ppl, one group taking 1200mg, or 3X more than Zelenko and Raoult use, which is KNOWN to be FAR too much HCQ
 … One of the V.A. "study" Wrap Up Smear authors [Sutton] is PAID by Gilead Sciences, maker of $1000 Remdesivir, under clinical trials, on Patent, & pushed by Fauci. Think logically 
Top Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer, Dr. Judy Mikovits (who is AMAZING) Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci: Disturbing Details of Threats, Research Theft, Tainted Vaccines, Fraud, Cover-ups, Pay to Play #FireFauci #SheepNoMore  …
With all the revealing of BG, WHO, CV, Fauci, this video is a must see! 
Trump was wrong and Fauci was right. Fauci is a respected professional.
It's Time to Fire Dr Fauci and Fire Dr Tam  via @YouTube Fantastic video worth everyone’s time!!!!! @LauraLynnTT Does a phenomenal job pulling the endless hours of video together for those that don’t have the time to watch or research.
The truth is out!! It’s not a crazy conspiracy theory!! See! It had to be because of Bill Gates and Fauci!! 
Fauci is getting exposed. He’s a globalist with questionable motives and ties to really bad people.  …
Dr. Fauci is currently being investigated for giving $3.4 million to a Wuhan virology lab in 2015. Guy is a criminal.
He said in an interview that the rallies were pretty much a waste of time (not the questions he answered, but the rest of it). I mean two hours of listening to the most ignorant bag of wind would drive anyone crazy. Fauci graduated first in his medical school class at Columbia.
Clearly this is something that is hurting from the standpoint of economics ... but unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen,” Fauci told host George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” 
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
It’s slow walk rhetoric. Fauci was involved with the transfer of the corona virus to Wuhan in 2014. Gates got a patent on it. They need to be STOPPED. NOW.
Please, please WAKE UP people! Share this post, and get the word out about BILL GATES, Fauci and other criminals, who do not have your best interests at heart! Australians are asleep to the DELIBERATE agenda to vaccinate us with their TOXIC, (privacy ending), tracking ID shot.  …
Dr. Birx said today that you can cut someone’s hair and keep 6 ft distance. I’ll listen to Fauci. Birx is sounding more and more like a sycophant.
Fauci’s job to be abreast of all Covid-19 articles. Why did he not acknowledge this one: On 2/24/20 China’s Shi Zhengli, Wuhan's Level-4 "bat lady”, co-authored a notice in the journal Cell Research stating that remdesivir & chloroquine were effective treatments for Covid-19.  …
Take away Fauci and the entire Daily Task Farce Rally is a total waste of time. That and I can catch Fauci in a less stressful environment on another channel The CDC boss says it could be much worse in the fall. I guess we won't see him again.
Dr. Birx is a fraud just like our illegitimate president. Listen to Dr. Fauci or only medical doctors/scientists with expert knowledge. I am following my governor Gretchen Whitmer.
Fvck: China China Virus WHO WTO CDC UN Fauci Birx Garbage Models Gates Sheep Snowflakes Fear Never ending testing Vaccines Masks Quarantine Shutdowns Globalists
Fauci on #covid19 and *not* on a @WhiteHouse  …
#hydroxychloroquine For weeks Dr. #Fauci has stressed the LACK OF SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE to back up any potential treatment, and this new document, which includes the expertise of more than a dozen federal agencies and professional groups, underscores his reasoning. #MOG
Robert F.KennedyJr. Drops MAJOR BOMBSHELL! Dr.Fauci’s Agency To Make BILLIONS Off Coronavirus Vaccine. He Slammed Both Gates & Fauci During The Interview With Paine.Gates’ Company Is Already In Human Trials WithThe Vaccine. Just Weeks After The Outbreak? 
I agree with you. It surprises me they are so easily led! With no questions or doubts they believe  out from Fauci and Birx. Why does Trump still hang onto those two? Oh well, it does amaze me that a lot of people are so afraid
Surprised Trump hasn’t tried to replace Fauci with Dr. Scholls
Fauci’s boss says he wasn’t pressured to oust him after Trump’s retweet  via @politico
Must hear interview with Judy Mikovits exposing YEARS of corruption in the CDC & NIH run by genocidal satanist ANTHONY FAUCI. #xmrv #coronavirus #covid19  
Great call Gene!! Fauci has been way off the mark on this one!!
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play – True Pundit  …
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! Trump Investigating His $3.7 Million Obama...  via @YouTube
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses - YouTube ⁦ @Scavino45⁩ ⁦ @DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦ @EricTrump⁩ ⁦ @va_shiva⁩ #DrShivaAyyadurai ⁦ @seanhannity⁩ ⁦ @TuckerCarlson⁩  …
Fauci has masterfully towed that line. It seemed they'd made a classic political staffer good cop-bad cop deal to serve the nation. I want to have grace as this was a suicide mission, but whether exhaustion or pressure, she's lost her true north, increasingly Stockholm Syndrome.
#Covid19: « The panel (led by Dr. Fauci) specifically advised against the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine, which was associated with an increased risk of death. » via  …
I think a phone call to Dr Fauci would’ve been more beneficial.
This profile of Fauci is well worth the time  …
WakeUpAmerica!!! If China recovered WITHOUT a vaccine, then why is Billy Boy Gates and Dr. Fauci desperately seeking one?
It’s still a funny Gif! Can you imagine Fauci & Birx’s reactions if this was true!
Why is Fauci investing in making bioweapons? What kind of people do this?  …
BREAKING! FAUCI, BIRX are FINISHED! This NEW Study Just DEMOLISHED Their...  via @YouTube
I noticed Fauci wasn’t there as well. I think he’s under wraps.
I don’t trust or believe her. I only want to hear from Dr. Fauci. She is a less abrasive @KellyannePolls . She can’t give a straight answer even when lives depend on it.
Who we need to focus our base on is Dr. Fauci, George Soros, and Bill Gates. They are the ines that helped fund the virus and helped create this epidemic.
Interesting how Fauci has been sent to the back bench while Brix does more talking. Trump obviously prefers her happy talk to go with his.
Psy-op. There is no reliable, valid test. It's a DNA test. Fauci and Co. are criminals.
Dr. Rashid Buttar Exposes Bill Gates, Dr. Fauci, and Falsified Pandemic Numbers ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @seanhannity⁩ ⁦ @TuckerCarlson⁩ ⁦ @marklevinshow⁩ ⁦ @DiamondandSilk⁩ @w_terrence⁩ ⁦⁦ @SaraCarterDC⁩ ⁦  …
 … So maybe, just maybe Dr Fauci is not who he appears 2 B.... @Christi36145638 @Tracie0313 @realDonaldTrump @haveaconcern @FREEALBERTA2 @OnHels @99freemind @EllDevon what was that about Polio-wasn't Bill Gates Polio vaccine under scrutiny @1 
That's why Dr Fauci should be fired or be made to resign, he's too old to keep up with the latest trends in the medical field @POTUS
. @CNN, @MSNBC and @SpeakerPelosi --> on Feb. 29 Dr. Fauci said it was ok to go to the gym, the movies and the mall. He said there was no need to change our daily routines. FAUCI SAID THAT, NOT TRUMP. So why does lying leftist networks & Pelosi keep lying to Americans?
Today my neighbor came out to say hello to Sophie and went on this unprompted rant about how Fauci embezzled millions of dollars to a lab in Wuhan to study this secret new virus but it got out. I need a house too remote to have an address.
As a matter of fact, it was Dr. Fauci who called the mass unemployment an "inconvenience." Mass unemployment, which is closely associated with increased mortality  … //   …
Now start thinking about Fauci knowing how to cure it since 2005.  …
No treatment or drug is showing promise yet for Covid-19, according to new guidelines by experts at the N.I.H. “Right now there are no early indications of a home run anywhere," Dr. Anthony Fauci said. "There’s nothing that has been dramatic at all." 
Dr. Shi Zhengli researched it in Durham N.C. Dr. Fauci approved $3.7 million grant for the research. In 2014 she was told it was too dangerous to research anymore. Zhengli went to the Wuhan lab to continue her work on  …
ARREST BILL GATES AND FAUCI NOW! NOW! NOW!  @realDonaldTrump #greatawakening #COVID19 #thestorm #QAnon #MAGA #Q #WWG1WGAWW #WWG1GWAWORLDWIDE #WWG1GWA #qanons #CoVFefe #SaveTheChildren #TheAwakening
He can't just fire the dude that is supposed to be the expert of virus research. Fauci is director of NIAID. Under normal circumstances, this makes sense to have leading expert on hand. People aren't aware of FAUCI being dirty. Got to out him gradually. Which is happening.
FIRE FAUCI!!! I NEED A HAIRCUT!!! Wait... This is Fauci, right? 
Fauci may have been relegated to the sidelines because he's been stepping all over Trump's self-serving shitshow.
He's trolling FAUCI to no end... bit by bit. Imagine how nervous Fauci must be. Trump is a master at political chess.
Yes, we do NOT want him infecting Dr. Fauci with his epic stupidity.
Perfect. But we should ask Fauci if two choruses at 115 sufficiently kills Covid.
If Fox can refute Dr.Fauci with Dr.Phil, then I can cite The Monopoly Man in my Econ essay
trump sidebarring fauci for dr oz and dr phil seems so obvious in retrospect
Seems like a good time to let everyone know that your #TaxDollars have been paying #Fauci to develop a deadly virus in the #Wuhan lab. Time to wake up now. #TheGreatAwakening #TheMoreYouKnow
Dr. Fauci is performing the ceremony.  …
Complete political operation Has been from start Fauci Telegraphed this on Feb 27
Fauci has been in govt for half a century. Time for him to be investigated and removed from his position. He’s DEEP STATE!
Please President Trump, remember this. I don't know if you have a  still, but you need one! Too many links to autism, which CDC and NIH deny. FOLLOW THE MONEY! ...Dr. Fauci has multiple conflicts of interest. Has multiple streams of 
#China Applies for #Patent for #Coronavirus Drug - #remdesivir developed by US co. #Gilead Follow #China benefits if cheap older drug off patent #Hydroxychloroquine is discredited #Fauci has #Wuhan ties redirected #US tax money to China  …
Fukkin HIV !!! Fauci is getting the rope when  out
when I was little I had a fear that if I went to the bathroom during recess, there would be a big projector on the playground when I left of me in the bathroom...can I get a diagnosis and then also a second opinion
Am I the only one who noticed #Fauci was m.i.a. both yesterday AND today?! 
Am I just now starting a paper on nationalism and the Russian orthodox Church? Is it due tomorrow?? Yes
Dr Fauci also said the numbers from ccp were wrong... 
Fauci reassures 7-year-old child that the Tooth Fairy is not at risk of getting infected with coronavirus  
#realdonaldtrump EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play – True Pundit  …
Has Dr. Fauci been Arrested? MIA  via @YouTube
I’ve only read the first 15 pages and I’m already pissed AF! Dr Fauci is a short man with a tiny pee pee who dresses to the nines and thinks he is God. This is worse than Time 2015 about why cannabis is illegal! #fireFauci #BillGatesVirus 
Conspiracy, murder,crimes against humanity..treason evil.dr fauci needs to be indicted 
CONFIRMED: Hackers Strike and Leak Bill Gates, WHO, and Wuhan Lab Emails @FortRussNews  … With the move to the Wuhan lab in 2015, Dr. Fauci donated $4 million
#BREAKING Dr. Fauci arrested, discovered to be fugitive night club owner with minimal chiropractic training 
#King of Israel:The Truth about Fauci  via @YouTube
what if it's this pic 
Omg .. jimmy kimmel live interviews Dr Fauci's "replacement" ... Dr Zaius .. "Damn dirty humans!!" 
NIH director says he was not pressured to fire Fauci after Trump retweet supporter calling for his termination  
I’ve had enough of her. Where’s Dr. Fauci? My hope is that he’s distancing himself from this farce to save his reputation. Birx has no credibility. She definitely drank the KoolAid.
I think it’s likely that Dr. Fauci is trying not to get fired so he can continue to do the most good. Birx was already a Trumper or has drunk the Kool-Aid. No integrity, no credibility.
He also forbid CNN reporters at his news briefing and supposedly forbid Fauci to appear on CNN! Why is Trump still breathing is my only question? Did he put a 5th lock on his private bedroom? He's not only bat shit shit and a narcissist but paranoid.
Great campaign you got there, @TeamTrump and @LaraLeaTrump. Can’t wait to see the stats from MI, MN, TX, CO, NC, and VA. The rate you’re going, you won’t even have a base left. My state was filled with Q-balls and anti-Fauci anti-vaxxers and we are appalled.  …
What has joe got against the WOMAN (dr  …
I live in North West Nebraska far far away from the big shopping mall Gov Ricketts opened up. I like living where cows outnumber people right now. I am staying home until Fauci says it’s ok  out.
Guess we know why Fauci has been absent. She’ll say whatever Covid 45 tells her to say
#DrAnthonyFauci visits #WillSmith's 
And what happened to Fauci?
Got a message today and she said that she doesn't trust Dr. Fauci over Trump. Are you kidding me????
Well he was listening to Fauci who at the same time was saying the same. And Pelosi was encouraging everyone to gather in Chinatown, there was no risk and Trump was just a racist. And every Dem and the media was saying the exact same thing. But...TDS...I understand. 
Dr. Fauci must be tearing his hair out.
Where’s Fauci???? #TrumpDeathCult
BET TV: Will Smith And Dr. Fauci Team Up To Help Kids Understand COVID-19  …
Because Fauci isnt afraid to point out dear old dad is full of shit.
Really. Are you that blind. She is a confused alcoholic. I guess you are one of those who think it's ok to give our money to illegals like she does. China, WHO, Fauci and Gates are to blame for this
A minimum of three weeks. Fauci says if we reopen too early it’ll take three weeks to see the return and with a vengeance
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
Please, Just watch this... #COVID19 
because Dr Fauci is an expert who mentired Dr. Brix. that’s why, Ivanka!!
The agenda of #Fauci & #Gates Part 4 of 4 - Time to WAKE UP! | Dr Rashid A Buttar  via @YouTube
She's a public servant who has to answer to Ivanka or Trump. She'll lose her job if not. She's a Colonol. Dr Fauci is an  medical professional who isn't going to risk his career to spew Trump's fabrications.
Her credibility is ruined. Where is Dr. Fauci?
I'm not privy to all the possibilities - only that Fauci & Gates are hand & glove and have a nefarious agenda
@sciencecohen @TheLastWord I’ve heard Dr. Fauci say ‘we didn’t go on to develop a vaccine for SARS-Cov-1 bec it disappeared’. In retrospect, was that a mistake? Could creating that vaccine then have put us on a ‘glide path’ to producing a vaccine for SARS-Cov-2 much sooner?
Watch some of what you say is here 
Did you know that HIV/AIDS was used as a biological weapon aimed at mass extermination? Look into  …
Open businesses early before having any answers or safe plans #DumbDonald Calls from over 100 Govenors #DumbDonald Supporting protestors violating social distancing & blocking the entrances to hospitals #DumbDonald Not listening to Dr. Fauci #DumbDonald @TheYoungTurks
Tom, will you please look into Fauci  We are being destroyed!  …
AGREE! BREAKING! Three studies just out. COVID-19 is no deadlier  flu. Watch Dr. Birx dodge the reporter's question on California's 
No treatment or drug is showing promise yet for Covid-19, according to new guidelines by experts at the N.I.H. “Right now there are no early indications of a home run anywhere," Dr. Anthony Fauci said. "There’s nothing that has been dramatic at all." 
Please share this! The Democrats are trying to take down this President and control the American  …
Wrong. Show me that model. 100,000-240,000. That was dropped to 65,000 a week ago due to measures taken by states. We’re currently at 45,300. These are number cited by President Trump and Dr. Fauci.
BREAKING! FAUCI, BIRX are FINISHED! This NEW Study Just DEMOLISHED Their...  via @YouTube
Time to laugh! A plane has five passengers on board: Donald Trump, the Pope, Dr. Anthony Fauci , Nancy Pelosi , and a ten year old school girl. The plane is about to crash and there is only four parachutes. Dr Fauci, said “I need one. I have to help develop a cure for the
 some of your answers are here
There is ABSOLUTELY no evidence that Gates and Fauci orchestrated a pandemic to profit from a future vaccine.  …
Replaced Dr. Fauci and Birx with Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai. He is good and he exposes deep state agenda.
See Dr. Fauci's Stunning Pandemic Warning – Long Before Trump Minimized ...  via @YouTube
Dr. Fauci deserves the highest award EVER!  …
What are you doing about Fauci and Bill Gates Agenda for the Corona virus?
GET RID OF FAUCI!! HE'S NOT ON YOURS OR OUR  …
Exactly what the Fauci Birx have described that they are preparing for. Monitor, identify hotspots, test and trace
Asshole. No one is watching to see you. We are watching to see experts like Dr Fauci. We are watching praying that our government will help us. Save us. So far we’ve been sadly disappointed #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath
Both Fauci & Birx are #DeepState Hacks & very Anti-American & Very Corrupt. Dr Birx may be worse than Fauci- her daughter works for Chief Commie Poison Agent Bill Gates! These are really EVIL people. I do know Pres Trump is on to them. Will be interesting to see how it unfolds  …
Master Mind(s) was Fauci? Gates? British Monarch? The Pilgrims Society? C_A ? Apparently they all have an interest in advancing the same agenda.  …
Where is #Fauci
Dr. Birx CONFRONTED on Her and Fauci MISLEADING Trump, Her Reaction Says...  via @YouTube
She’s trapped, I agree, but there must be a way for her to be more truthful and straightforward to the public (like Fauci) without getting herself fired, at least not during this crucial period.
What Happened To Dr. Fauci? It's Sheer Torture, Listening To Dr. Birx...Trying To Sound Smart, And Kiss Trump's A$$At The Same Time...And What's With Those F**Ken Scarves?!
Has anyone else noticed that Fauci has been M.I.A. or is it just me? #wheresfauci
Masks. Wuhan. Vaccine. Chinese. Dr. Fauci. Bill Gates. Pandemic. COVID-19. Quarantine. Wet market. Deborah Birx. Essential travel. NEW NORMAL. Social distancing. "The models say." Flattening the curve. We are all in this together. Who else is tired of hearing about all this BS?
A facet of depopulation. The "new world" as envisioned by Fauci and Bill Gates.
We need to increase testing capacity so that we can save lives and so that folks can get back to work. As Dr. Fauci said yesterday, "unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen." My interview on  …
Only 38% have "a lot" or "some" trust in Trump to  end to social-distancing guidelines, while 53% have "not much"/no trust in him. More say they have "a lot" or "some" trust in Fauci (71%), CDC (71%), their state's governor (60%) and Pence (40%) 
It's true, there's a NYT article saying Obama shut down the coronavirus research in NC and Fauci moved it to China because Chimera research was illegal in the US. Ask @UNC that's where the original research was done until 2013.
Fauci is already down the river. Shes next. I love how he convicts them while standing right next to them. He’s holding court now. The man is a GENIUS ! And the best actor ever. And the best Chess player ever. And best POTUS ever !
Dr Fauci, Dr Birx & Dr Redfield of CDC… Are all #DeepState Hacks not to be trusted or believed… They’re trying to drive us to Mail in Ballots in 2020. Trust me… But as informed Trump supporters you already knew that. #FireFauci #FireBirx #OUAA
“Right now there are no early indications of a home run anywhere," Dr. Fauci said. "There’s nothing that has been dramatic at all.” Not the malaria drugs, not remdesivir. In a new study, hydroxychloroquine was associated with an increased risk of death.  …
WATCH: In 2003, Dr. Fauci warned "no where in the world  safe" when there is a "raging epidemic" like "a respiratory illness that can be spread from person to person." In this special report, @AriMelber reports on Fauci's early warnings.  
Why hasnt press asked Fauci or Birx about ties to Big Phrma and whether they cld personally benefit from covid19 vax? WH covid19 briefing every day, but not a single question along those lines. Why?! . #DoNotTrustFauciOrBirx . #VaccinesAreNotTheAnswer . #BoughtPress
Where Is Fauci? 
Why does Bill Gates have a patent on #Covid_19 ? before the #coronavirusoutbreak ? Bill Gates, Dr Fauci, Henry Kissinger and the Rockefeller #COVIDー19 #COVID #COVID19Pandemic  …
I don't see Dr. Fauci writing a tell-all about his experiences with Dump or doing the talk show circuit. However, I do see him giving one definitive primetime interview where he can set the record straight. Dr. Birx, on the other hand. Well, she can go fuck off.
FAUCI WORKS FOR THE CLINTONS AND HAS DONE SO FOR MANY YEARS!  …
So is the "China virus" re-emerging SARS? I believe it is. I think it's exactly the same thing. Exactly! Yet it was "quickly contained." How? No quarantine! This "time bomb" has China, Fauci, Birx, & Gates written all over it. Open this country back up @realDonaldTrump! 
Donating $1 billion to restore the reputation of PFE's ex, Zithromax, and have formed a..Z-PAC - Fauci's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  against hydroxy +  promoted by Trump to treat COVID-19 vz. toxicities 
The root problem is Trump. In order to influence Trump with life-saving information, people like Fauci or Birx have to flatter, cover, and tow the line for him first, since he cares more about his volatile ego than saving American lives. He won't listen otherwise.
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! President Donald J. Trump investigating His $3.7 Million Obama Era Grant to Wuhan Lab!!! Obama AND Fauci need to be on TRIAL!!! Full Dr. Buttar interview: 
Dr. Fauci's Stunning Pandemic Warning – Long Before Trump Minimized Coronavirus:  (our report tonight)
Blood libel; i am NOT at all responsible for what  Chinese gov't unleashed upon the world, and neither is President @realDonaldTrump ! If you're going to cite a death toll; remember Fauci said 2 Million deaths; we're under 50k and Trump deserves YOUR Thanks it's low. 
Speaking to Dr. Anthony Fauci on the initiatives that have been taken in to address the #COVID19 challenges. We also discussed testing results so far and the ongoing strategies in order to beat the pandemic @realDonaldTrump @politico 
Fauci helps fund Wuhan lab and then predicts pandemic. Now we have Covid 19 that was probably produced in that same lab. Something stinks!
No treatment or drug is showing promise yet, according to a new set of guidelines by experts at the N.I.H. “Right now there are no early indications of a home run anywhere," Dr. Anthony Fauci said. "There’s nothing that has been dramatic at all." 
Fauci sent tax payer money to the the Wuhan lab during Obama administration to fund research into genetically engineered hybrid viruses that were defunded in the US because of the  2017 he predicts this administration will have to deal with pandemic.
Join us Thursday for the @TIME 100 special event. I'll be speaking with Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Larry Brilliant, Katie Couric & others to discuss lessons from #covid19--including how to find hope and how this pandemic will forever change the landscape of public 
Mayors, public health experts and business owners are rebuking Gov. Brian Kemp’s decision to reopen Georgia. “That could be setting us back,” Dr. Anthony Fauci said. “I am beyond disturbed,” said Mayor Van R. Johnson of Savannah. 
Dr. Birx does not have the public trust like Dr. Anthony Fauci. Period. Shouldn't your father put Americans peace of mind first? Your dad's slogan after all is America First right?
1) In 2014, Obama put a moratorium on “controversial” viral research taking it out of NC. #Fauci was head of #HIV program at #NIH where they awarded $3.7m tax dollars to Wuhan BSL-4 to further study SARS-CoV-1 as a Trojan Horse to carry #HIV antigenic proteins..
all Trump had to do was be Daddy Beneficent, throw open the money spigots (nobody would have said no), and say "Birx, Fauci, you take care of it." And go off and live his life. Eat some hamberders, maybe fuck some secret broads. And he couldn't bc somebody might get HIS praise
I've always wanted to be right about Bitcoin & Litecoin as hard, sound, better for of money. But ABOUT CDC, WHO, Gates, Fauci, Hillary, mandatory vaccination, Pedogate, pizzagate, human trafficking, MSM, Deep State, FED, Central Banks, Hollywood... I WISH I WAS WRONG.
When this pandemic is all over and he's no longer a hostage trying to prevent even more death, Dr. Fauci will tell us the truth about what a fucking moron Donald Trump is, right? Right?
What have you heard regarding Fauci’s absence?
Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery  …
New Covid-19 treatment guidelines from the agency led by Dr. Anthony Fauci undercut President Trump’s promotion of some unproven drugs 
Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates should be arrested. These two people have been mandating a vaccine and are responsible for shutting down the country.
Panel of experts led by Dr. Anthony Fauci specifically advised against several treatments. One was the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine plus the antibiotic azithromycin, which Mr. Trump has repeatedly promoted  …
Fauci directly undercuts Tя☭mp babble regarding protocols for opening up the country.
Fauci: 66 grazillion Americans will die from the Wuhan Bat Virus Fauci: OK 2 million Americans are gonna die with China Flu Fauci: I meant to say, 800K Americans will die from Coronavirus Fauci: Did I say 800, I meant 250K die from COVID Trump RT's "Fire Fauci" #WheresFauci
Thank you @AriMelber for great tribute to Anthony Fauci. Just shows there's empathy and inspiration in just knowing facts. Needed that.
Oh looks like Dr. Rudy G was mistaken and the real one, Fauci, was right via  …
Meanwhile Fauci sits in on those briefings like he’s Trump’s ventriloquist dummy 
Fauci has been absent from recent press briefings. Is it because the truth is out? 1. American & Chinese researchers did create a bat coronavirus that could attack humans. 2. Funding came from the Chinese & US gov’t, including grants from the NIH.  …
Young Dr. Fauci, y'all. 
Dr. Fauci’s Island of Misanthrope Scientists with Special Guest Mike Moore of True Pundit  …
Will be another interesting Moore Paine show tonight 8:30 pm EST -- MORE SCOOPS on these medical kooks in the White House & Dr. Fauci, in fact a very big scoop. 
Where is Dr. Fauci? #wheresfauci
Will Smith Interviews Dr. Anthony Fauci About the Prevalence of COVID-19 in African Americans 
Check out Fauci too!
I shouldn't do this4you, Donald. But here's ur best publicity stunt! Bring all the people who wrote this  2ur next #Briefing_COVID19 +IF U FOLLOW EXACTLY WHAT THEY SAY, u'll be loved by all!+Bring back #Fauci, lose lady w the ugly scarves. @realDonaldTrump
All hail Holy Priest Fauci. Now - drink your Kool-aid.  …
The federal agency led by Dr. Anthony Fauci issued guidelines on Tuesday that stated there is “no proven drug for treating coronavirus patients.” Urgent need for adequately powered RCTs. ⁦ @drjohnm⁩ ⁦ @califf001⁩ ⁦ @HeartBobH⁩ @NYTimes  …
Please join us this Thursday at 1pm ET for a special #Time100 virtual event! Featuring Dr. Anthony Fauci @katiecouric @rajshah @larrybrilliant @LondonBreed @JRart @DrLeanaWen & a special performance by @johnlegend! You can sign up 
NIH director says he was not pressured to fire Fauci after Trump retweet supporter calling for his termination  
So Murray convinced Birx and Fauci to show his scary charts to the president to convince him to shut down economy until April 30. Now, even though his model  discredited, he continues to push out the deadlines for safe re-opening. Completely made up dates.
WHO and more scientists have dismissed the US conspiracy theory that the Covid-19 virus came from a Chinese lab. In fact, French government, Dr Fauci and another top US expert Dennis Carroll also made  Trump wants to divert attention.  
Love that Dr. Fauci is a #Yankees fan and says he could tell you "on any given day in elementary school, when Yogi Berra was a point up or down in average." And I think he looks a little like Phil Rizzuto! Have to get him out to @Yogi_Museum!  …
Yet guess who is else is missing? Dr. Fauci.
She’s untrustworthy. Where is Dr. Fauci?
Where's Fauci?
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
"the fact that Fauci is among the most experienced & respected epidemiologists in the world not only doesn’t reassure the protesters; for some number of Trump supporters it is further reason to doubt him, since he must be part of the so-called deep state."  …
ICYMI Dr Fauci, slayer of useful idiots  …
Birx has been too dear leadery from the start... Fauci remains the only one in this entire admin to still maintain his credibility
Every model used by #DeepState Drs Fauci & Birx have sucked! The Death counts are way over inflated & Mortality % is in-line w/the flu. This is now an oppty for Blue State Govs & Dimms to crush our Economy & harm Pres Trump. We Live w/Risk Everyday- Let’s Get Back To Work!
No treatment or drug is showing promise yet for Covid-19, according to new guidelines by experts at the N.I.H. “Right now there are no early indications of a home run anywhere," Dr. Anthony Fauci said. "There’s nothing that has been dramatic at all." 
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play + More  …
Fauci hung out with Gates in 2018 at an NIH workshop: Fauci shaking hands with Bill Gates  — Patrick Howley ( @HowleyReporter) March 24, 2020
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
I do find it interesting that your impulse was to defend Dr. Birx and not your idiotic father or any of the other unqualified sycophants around him like your husband. Which is in fact the point Biden made. Reading 20 books doesn't make experts. Experience, like Fauci's, does.
Anyone else notice that so far Fauci has been sidelined during this press conference? Does that indicate President @realDonaldTrump knows he’s a snake? I hope so!
Where is Dr FAuci?
Presser—-There is NO Dr Fauci and NO John Roberts. No coincidence ya think gang?!
#StopAiringTrumpNow #StopAiringTrump #StopAiringTrumpNow #StopAiringTrump Order a Dr Fauci shirt featuring my drawing here:  WE NEED #DoctorsOnlyPressConferences #TrumpPressConference 
Fauci has left the building: Did he fall or was he pushed. Not been on podium since last week. God help USA because Trump certainly won't.
It is sad that I do not feel I can trust anything I hear in any of the White House coronavirus pressers unless Dr. Fauci is speaking.
Yesterday, Dr. Anthony Fauci provides a direct and very clear warning to jurisdictions who remove protective measures too quickly, “It is going to backfire”.
Fauci reassures 7-year-old child that the Tooth Fairy is not at risk of getting infected with coronavirus  
And who was working on a protein spike for a HIV vaccine clinical trial & was accused of Fraud? FAUCI, & his assistant D Birx.. Read further on this research. The protein spike makes it easier for viruses to attach.
. @IvankaTrump fired back at Joe Biden on Tuesday after he declared Dr. Anthony Fauci should be the “only person” to speak about coronavirus in the Trump administration. 
Boris Johnsons main advisers Whitty and Vallance (both funded to the tune of millions by Bill Gates) are pushing the lockdown extensions. Trumps main advisers Fauci and Birx both heavily connected to Bill Gates are pushing the lockdown in the US.
@dbongino, I wonder if this “?” was brought to Dr Fauci: Did they consider lessons from the 1918 flu that fresh air &-shine helped boost the body’s immune system to fight the deadly disease? Staying inside actually lowers immunity to everyone  …
Fauci with the “I told ya so”  …
Retweet: To Restore Faith in the Promise of Science As @DrJudyAMikovits prepared to sound the alarm on the questionable use of animal tissue in medical research, #Fauci set out to SILENCE her. END #plagueofcorruption #vaccineswork for who exactly? @ChildrensHD presents: 
Dr. Fauci says easing lockdown measures too soon will lead to a “big spike” in coronavirus cases: “It’s gonna backfire.” He added “unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not gonna happen.”  …
Then the blame for the devastating #CCPVirus also lies with the Obama administration & Dr. Fauci’s NIH...   …
MALES ONLY: In a Monday iNBC News TMJ4, former VPJoe Biden said Dr. Anthony Fauci should be the “only person” that the American public should hear from during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic, seemingly casting aside other White House task force members such as Dr. Deborah Birx. 
QUIZ: Is Dr. Fauci Hot Or Are You Starved For Human Interaction?:  
To cover-up his failures that caused over 40,000 preventable deaths, @realDonaldTrump keeps on lying nobody imagined a pandemic. Wrong: Bill Gates, Dr. Fauci, Trump Administration officials & many others predicted it. So did Obama, as you can see here:  …
And Republicans are facilitating it every day and Trump is just all over the map but signs all the stupid bills and continues to have Fauci run the show. Anyone home?
Fauci reassures 7-year-old child that the Tooth Fairy is not at risk of getting infected with coronavirus  
It is this attitude that is getting people killed. Are you saying Fauci is also a lying.
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play; GREED – True Pundit  …
Of course they would say that. Dig a bit deeper into the NIH and Anthony Fauci.
Coronavirus Panel  Against Use Of Hydroxychloroquine And Azithromycin. Straight from Dr. Fauci’s purview. Think he will bring it up at today’s campaign rally/presser?  …
Notice how every one of the loons, the haters, the race-baiting, Russia gate, impeachment, pos Commies are caterwauling about massive "testing", even after Little Lord Fckpants Fauci called bs on it? It's not a coincidence.  …
Your eyebrows should crinkle every single time Dr. Fauci or any other medical professional counts "obesity" as one of  conditions for COVID-19. Thank you making it plain, @theclaudster.  …
Trump Supporter Called For Congress To Subpoena Dr. Fauci’s Phone, Accused Him Of Being In Contact With Hillary Clinton  …
“Can the tooth fairy  if I lose my tooth because of coronavirus and can she catch the virus?” asked a 7-year-old girl named Ava. “I gotta tell you, Ava,” Dr. Fauci replied, “I don’t think you need to worry about the tooth fairy.” 
Fauci and Brix both associated with PEPFAR, which is the HIV/AIDS equivalent of USAID. It's another State Dept management NGO money laundering scheme to Gates and Clinton Foundations. Fake vaccines, massive fraud. 
Bill Gates Leads Medical Tyranny Agenda➽Committed $100 mill to fight WuhanV ➽W Dr Anthony Fauci, directs NIAID➽2014 SENT $MILLs TO Wuhan Institute of Virology➽Both said Life will not go back to normal until we VACCINATE THE GLOBAL POPULATION➽⬅︎  
Color me shocked! This is all a hoax to destroy the economy and give power to big government. Why did we not shut down the economy for any other "Pandemic"? BREAKING! FAUCI, BIRX are FINISHED! This NEW Study Just DEMOLISHED Their...  via @YouTube
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Dr. Judy Mikovits Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play  …
Confirmation (not that we needed it) that Fauci is DS. Joe Biden: Dr. Fauci Should Be ‘Only Person’ Heard at WH Briefings  …
. DAMN!!!!!!! They Figured It Out Already!!! They Don't Miss a Trick!! You're TOO Smart There Mr. Mitchell @mitchellvii Pro-Trump TV host: Dr. Anthony Fauci is a ‘pawn of Hillary Clinton’ -  …
Watch "EXCLUSIVE Dr Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses" on YouTube 
Amid protests, Dr. Anthony Fauci warns reopening U.S. too soon could "backfire." “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen," he tells @GStephanopoulos.  
We’ll stick with #Fauci
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! Trump Investigating His $3.7 Million Obama Era Grant to Wuhan Lab!!!  …
Trump: <pushes Fauci aside> Tooth money will be delayed until my name can be added to the quarters...  …
I suggest #Fauci= #DrStrangelove2020 + #GatesForPrison2020 be put in #Guantanamo so they don't get murdered. Dr Rashid Butter also: *SocialDistancing is nonsense *CVvax =Depopulation *Police military &c must remember OATH to defend Usa against foreign AND domestic (Cabal) enemy
Fauci reassures 7-year-old child that the Tooth Fairy is not at risk of getting infected with coronavirus  
“Can the tooth fairy  if I lose my tooth because of coronavirus and can she catch the virus?” asked a 7-year-old girl named Ava. “I gotta tell you, Ava,” Dr. Fauci replied, “I don’t think you need to worry about the tooth fairy.” 
SHARE FOR YOUR LIFE! DrRashidButtar says *Fauci defied USA moratorium on ("Chimera") research to enhance virus virulence +Illegally funded it in #WuhanVirus lab * #FauciFraud+  treason *5G(+4G3G)+ #COVID19 mutually enhance  …
Dr. Fauci has said twice on two different days that he was tested that day and already had his negative results. I wouldn't be surprised if all of the people around him are tested daily.
Fauci says having fans in baseball games could be possible, but it's not likely  …
Fauci to Protesters: Premature Reopening of States Will ‘Backfire’ (VIDEO) 
BREAKING! FAUCI, BIRX are FINISHED!  …
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist, HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play; GREED  …
SOUND OFF: Do you agree with Dr. Anthony Fauci that opening up the country too early could make the coronavirus pandemic worse? Tell us where you stand on the issue. 
 COVID-19 to other infectious diseases and says: "We'll find out the facts afterwards." What?? @KatyTurNBC again says we already know. "Mayor Goodman, there is no assuming I am correct!" Goodman then says she believes Fauci. This is...bizarre.
Dr Anthony Fauci revealed how baseball could return with fans in 2020  …
From the beginning! Fauci and Birx are frauds!  …
“I gotta tell you, Ava, I don’t think you need to worry about the tooth fairy.” Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci answer kids' questions on Will Smith's new Snapchat series. 
Dr. Judy Mikovits goes off on Antony Fauci & how he sabotaged her research confirming zoonotic virus contaminating the vaccine supply & causing mouse-related cancers in the human population. Watch, time is set to 36 min  
ICYMI...Here's my interview w/ Dr Anthony Fauci. Fauci discussed NY and the coronavirus, the scenarios under which MLB could return and whether fans could attend games and even had uplifting message for New Yorkers.  …
Now that Fauci says we must change the custom of shaking hands due to #COVID19 . . (Which has been done since the Roman Empire) Does Fauci promote the World bows . . Like customary in China?
Trump is at about 44% approval on Rasmussen today. Why would that be? Well, it's always about a 50/50 bet no matter what is going on. Take away 6% of Republicans unhappy that he hasn't fired #Fauci and there you have it. Once America opens, this will surge back to 50.
I agree Joe Biden: Dr. Anthony Fauci should be 'only person' public hears from during COVID-19 crisis  …
Good decision. There are tried and tested medicines available with a good success rate. Don't trust anything Bill Gates or Fauci 
Dr. Fauci Decides He Is Galactic Commander and Warns That Protests Will Delay Reopening the Country  …
Uncovered documents show Dr. Fauci's NIAID gave $3.7 million to scientists at the Wuhan Lab at the center of #coronavirus leak scrutiny. Efforts included "gain of function" research which is accelerated viral evolution to create #COVID Pandemic  …
The Models were Wrong I don't Trust Fauci
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube
"Immunity Passport" technology is currently being rolled out in Spain. In the United States, Vottun reports it has already ”had early conversations” with the CDC and Dr. Anthony Fauci"  …
Bat Scientist Zheng Li Shi (Wuhan Lab) created CoV2. She is funded in many experiments by EcoHealth Alliance, NY (Bill Gates Co) & NIH (NIAID). Her research has gone to these agencies for years. EcoHealth Alliance is the missing link (Shi/Gates/Fauci) @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Apparently so!! How shocking. Everyone saw right through Fauci from day one
The “debate” I referenced was whether or not Dr Fauci (and presumably other of our most prominent virologists would take Hydroxychloroquine.. but hack away you hacktacious clown.  …
Insist Fauci address NIH funding of Wuhan Lab.
Already, mainstream media outlets are aggressively pushing the claim the a miracle #vaccine to the #coronavirus will arrive "in a few months." Are such claims really true, or are they hype? We investigate... #COVID19 #COVIDー19 #BillGates #Fauci  …
Live now on the @RichieAllenShow is @DrJudyAMikovits She will be speaking about Dr Fauci's corrupt activity! tune in now!  …
Meet our new li'l man, Rigatoni, aka "Toni." I mean, when you adopt during a pandemic, you have to give a nod to Dr. Tony Fauci! 
Dr. Fauci + "new normal" + #MLB = more evidence that we could be watching baseball this summer. From @ArashMarkazi  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns: Anti-coronavirus lockdown protests are going to ‘backfire’  …
Brilliant point by #RushLimbaugh. No immigration until immigrants are vaccinated against #coronavirus. Also all foreign guest-worker programs suspended until #Fauci develops his vaccine. @BoSnerdley @POTUS @realDonaldTrump If we can save 1 life.....
Fauci and the WHO don't want "Herd Immunity." They want the population vaccinated with digitalized tracking . . . 
DR FAUCI  we keep 
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
Totally misdirection.She didn’t want to address the real question of how wrong are the Death Charts and what being so off means. Whenever asked about mistakes and bad “guesses” both her and Fauci misanswer the question. They don’t say No Comment. They answer a different question.
The people aren’t stupid. The NYT can’t even ignore it The President knows EXACTLY what’s going on. He was put between a rock and a hard place. Research Fauci. This whole thing was to destroy this President and bring this country to it’s knees.  …
Dr. Fauci explains why quarantined MLB games are likely to be part of 'new normal'  …
the biggest funder of the WHO, funds Fauci, thinks he’s the unelected POTUS, he’s a very dangerous man who wants total control of the bloody world and billions. He needs to be stopped
You’ve done a terrible job. If it weren’t for Dr. Fauci telling you how serious this was, you’d still be playing golf around corpses.
"Anthony Fauci, nation's top infectious-disease expert, has appeared on programs like Desus & Mero, Breakfast Club & Will Smith’s Snapchat show, which have popular followings in the Af  Others get policy. #ADOS gets appearances on entertainment  …
Where’s @BillGates Fauci the Fraud and Big Birdx hiding? They been seen this week at all?
Dr. Anthony Fauci reveals how baseball could return with fans in 2020 
Dr Rashid Buttar exposes Gates, Fauci FAKE pandemic - YouTube BOOMGreat vid. Please listen & RT. We’re being SCAMMED! ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @StevePieczenik⁩ ⁦ @Kevin_Shipp⁩ ⁦ @va_shiva⁩ ⁦ #FraudFauci #FireFauci  …
Sounds like we need to investigate the NIH along with the WHO and the CDC, with Fauci of course. Going against the moral objections of other doctors and scientist to sell this virus to China is or might be criminal. Not for me to judge but let’s look. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Uncovered documents show Dr. Fauci’s NIAID gave $3.7 million to scientists at the Wuhan Lab at the center of coronavirus leak scrutiny. Efforts included “gain of function” research which is accelerated viral evolution to create COVID Pandemic superbugs  …
Why is Joe Biden saying the only person the public should have listened to is Dr. Anthony Fauci? We are going to control the scientific discourse? We shouldn't allow scientific descent from Stanford which seems to be proving some assumptions incorrect?  …
Hopefully someone grabs info on where our flu vaccines came from.. Yeah that would be Wuhan. 2 top  in the u s appointed by Fauci make our vaccines in Wuhan.
Have any of the hard-hitting journos in the White House briefing room asked Birx or Fauci to weigh in on continued operation of NYV public transit system?  …
@NYGovCuomo @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @WHNSC @CDCgov @HHSGov Stop BullShitting ! The @WhiteHouse own the Approval/ Logistics/ Distribution of Test Test Test ! #Brix #Fauci @nytimes @NPR @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @WSJ 
As the tide begins to turn and governments’ #lockdown logic rapidly erodes, these dissenting voices are now being vindicated. Here's one of them... #coronavirus #COVID19 #COVIDー19 #Fauci  …
How does the Press pool have the Vaccine when Fauci said it would be a year to a year and a half before we have one?  …
Hmm! EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
#WillSmith is getting kids in on the conversation about #COVID19 in his new Snapchat series "Will From Home." Check out this sneak peek of his show with Dr. Anthony Fauci! 
be needed, vacation, recess, etc. Then you would be immune while the country got sick and died. Did certain members of Congress/Senate get vaccinated? Hoping to decimate the "other side", or hoping it would spread to the President? How did Fauci know the President would face
The layers of the onion are being peeled away and I am VERY disturbed. VERY! Sleepy, Creepy Joe thinks Fauci is THE ONLY one who should have a voice RE: Covid-19Something is very stinky and very alarming 
Which again that’s why I too haven’t bought it. There is no evidence showing what Birx/Fauci claim & all I hear is “ Italy... China... France... UK “ followed by... “ It’s not just the flu “ Yet all the evidence points to COV-19 being a weak virus. Doctors have confirmed it.  …
and Fauci doesn’t even know what’s going on. I cited two instances where he contradicted himself as the “expert”. He’s corrupt anyways, time to #fire Fauci
EXCLUSIVE: TOP Scientist & HIV/AIDS Research Pioneer Blows Whistle on Dr. Fauci; DISTURBING Details of Threats; Research Theft; Tainted Vaccines; Fraud; Cover-Ups; Pay to Play; GREED  …
Dr. Birx is an Army Colonel and a subject matter expert who has dedicated her life to fighting infectious diseases. Why shouldn’t she also be able to speak? “Joe Biden: Dr. Anthony Fauci should be 'only person' public hears from during COVID-19 crisis”  …
trump speaking with dr. fauci (january, 2020)  …
look into 23 and ME the dna test kit they claim to use to trace your family history. They use it to trace your past diseases, current and FUTURE diseases. I ran across this info when looking into Fauci and Birx.
Dr. Fauci will appear tomorrow in the new Snapchat series 'Will From Home' to discuss COVID-19. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci has said that no one should shake hands now or ever again. What other rituals of our life are to be abolished along with the handshake? - GF
OK, Sleepy Joe...how 'bout you lead by example and stop talking? "Joe Biden: Dr. Anthony Fauci should be 'only person' public hears from during COVID-19 crisis"  …
Public health experts are now the bad guys  … @DeutschJill and I looked at how the likes of Tony Fauci and @WRicciardi  under personal attack
FAUCI SAYS DEMONSTRATIONS COULD PROLONG SHUTDOWN  …
Conservatives: You sheep will believe anything! Also conservatives: DID YOU KNOW BILL GATES AND DR. FAUCI GAVE MONEY TO CHINA TO CREATE THE CORONAVIRUS AND GIVE TRUMP A BAD REPUTATION RIGHT BEFORE THE 2020 ELECTION
Fauci has been dancing on the edge of a dangerous split with the American people. It's over soon! THE PEOPLE WILL BE FREE -- Fauci and his liberal buddies be damned!  …
So Dr. Fauci says no more handshaking, ever? Yeah. Like I can control my tremors.
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
#StayHome “If you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you’re going to set yourself back,” Fauci cautioned.  … via @HuffPostPol
ICYMI: @ZerlinaMaxwell & @jess_mc will decide for themselves when it's time to leave the house: "I'm not going anywhere until Dr. Fauci is standing in a crowded line without a mask" FULL EPISODE:  
. @JoeBiden says we should only hear from Fauci ... not Birx et al. Why not the female expert?  …
Scientific study cited by WH adviser Fauci on animal origin of virus says virus may have escaped from a lab, based on PRC bat coronavirus research at P-2 lab and past SARS escapes  …
Bill Mitchell can't prove it, but he's pretty sure that if you check Anthony Fauci's phone records, you'll find daily phone calls between him and Hillary Clinton. 
where’s fauci...? Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell -- Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency  …
We may see similarlities in Trump-Russia and Comey/Clapper/Brennan. Where Trump-Russia coup started with a phony dossier, Covid-as-kill-shot-to economy coup started w phony modeling. The people in charge decimate our world (Comey et al, Gates, Fauci et al) and answer for nothing.  …
Hold on there, Fauci said it’s not all about testing and Birx said we do have it. Besides, the measures were only to preserve hospital capacity, that   …
Our conversation with @NIHDirector Francis Collins, who hasn't set foot on the NIH campus in a month but is still working 18-hour days from home. He talks about Tony Fauci, the health tolls of social distancing, defunding the WHO, and his rock band  …
HIV inserts in the Corona Virus. Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates have a long history of working with HIV / AIDS btw. #FireFauci #FuckBillGates  …
Coronavirus: Americans trust Dr Fauci and Andrew Cuomo far more than Trump, poll finds | Via: Independent  …
DeSantis doesn’t listen to the scientists, the CDC, Dr Fauci! Why would he listen to a thing ask force? #DeSantishastogo #VoteBlue2020  …
I love this analogy Dr. Fauci uses: We want to be like Wayne Gretzky and not go to where the puck IS right now but anticipate where it's going and be there. That doesn't just apply to viruses, it applies to most aspects of life...
We haven't heard much lately from Tony Fauci's boss, @NIHDirector Francis Collins. Here's what he tells @levfacher about #COVID19, working from home and the #WHO  via @statnews
Fauci says as painful as it is to follow guidelines of gradually phasing into a reopening, “it’s gonna backfire. That’s the problem.”  …
Sounds like Dr Fauci found @Acosta’s cell phone  …
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
It's not the mortality rate that was the issue, it's the transmission rate of this virus which was crazy. Mortality rate is actually less than the flu, but transmission rate was off the charts. This virus was engineered in Wuhan, and part funded by our NIH under Fauci.
I agree that Trump should listen to scientists. I just don't think those scientists should be Fauci & Birx.
Will Smith and Dr. Anthony Fauci answer kids’ questions on COVID-19. @janai has the 
Don’t worry about #Fauci. He is Trump’s puppet. Fauci’s role is to incriminate himself and expose WHO/CDC crimes. The public is on an intended steep learning curve about the Pharmaceutical Industry/Vaccines, Totalitarian control, BG/Agenda 21 and Human RFID’s. Enjoy The Show.
You all don’t find it strange that prior to all of the flawed models and Dem/Fauci sponsored destruction that the US was the world’s largest next exporter of oil making us untouchably powerful and prosperous, but now there’s an oil surplus? Who benefited from the panic hoax?
Fran thinks I have a crush on Dr. Fauci just because I am making a Dr. Fauci scrapbook. That is NOT how I think about Tony! 
I love it when Dr. Fauci and CCP are on the same page.  …
Dr. Fauci recently said that it’s harder for Black Americans to avoid contracting the coronavirus due to slavery.... Is this a joke?
So, @JoyAnnReid I’m curious: when speaking of a Democratic governor have you ever referred to them as a “left wing ideological governor”? Also, since you’re OK with Dr. Fauci, are you willing to give @realDonaldTrump credit for closing down travel from China, which saved  …
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Dr. Fauci warns against reopening economy too soon: “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen. If you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you’re going to set yourself back."  …
Pandemic is 1000% a SCAM! We don’t know who’s dying from what. New York lied and they admitted it. Birx called CoronaVirus deaths probable. Fauci said we’ve never done this before. Birx yesterday said COVID-19 tests are not accurate if the person hasn’t been exposed long enough.  …
One major problem with all the Covid 19 testing, is it is showing all the assumptions used by WHO/Fauci and the cabal  wrong. They shut down the world economy based on false assumptions.
This is now all political. Democrats are more evil than many of us thought. They’re trying to destroy the economy and plunge tens of millions into crippling poverty to cost @realDonaldTrump the election. Fauci is their inside guy. Open the nation up today.
If #PresidentTrump was benefiting from the #CCPVirus, he would be impeached,  Fauci & Gates can, while we die? Can you say chloroquine (works)Tony? The Dark Truth on Fauci Birx Gates & Elites #fboLoud #tcot #maga #WakeUpAmerica  …
Anthony Fauci Warns Lockdown Protesters: Quick Reopening May 'Backfire' Dr Fauci & Dr Birx Blew It On The Models YUUUGE ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ Said NYC DidNot Need ThisManyBedsOr Ventilators&HeWasRight Hydroxychloroquine& Azithromycin ZPack  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci warned reopening states prematurely will "backfire." 
Dr. Anthony Fauci strikes a different tone on testing than President Trump, calls for "partnership" between states and feds  
PAY CLOSE ATTENTION BIRX AND FAUCI ARE BOUGHT AND PAID BY THE GATES AND WHO ORGANISATION BOTH DEEPSTATE PUPPETS @POTUS YOU NAILED IT IN THIS VIDEO 
I’m not going to a movie til a mask free Dr. Fauci is in a crowded line waiting for the next Avengers  …
Anthony Fauci is a fraud, and has “poisoned an entire generation of Americans” – Robert F. Kennedy Jr. warns  …
 … Dr Fauci's statement speaks for itself. No need to explain. Just a slight peek into this doctor's past will show what his mission is. You may get close to the viper, you may even pet the viper, but eventually, the viper will STRIKE!!! 
#EyesWideOpen freedom is at stake one of the top 10 doctors Dr.Rashid please help @realDonaldTrump to stop #CommunistChinaCoronavirus ? Dr. Fauci? Bill Gates? #SayNoToVaccines #SayNoToMicroChips protect and never give up your #2Amendment must-see video  
If you’re in Georgia, do you plan on going back to the gym, restaurants, even hair salons starting this Friday? Just curious. Personally, you couldn’t pay me to step foot in any of these places. But that’s just me...listening to Dr. Fauci
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Dr. Fauci warns against reopening too quickly amid COVID-19 crisis: ‘It’s going to backfire’  …
The Truth About Fauci - Featuring Dr. Judy Mikovits • Children's Health Defense  …
Dr. Fauci said the nation’s economic recovery is not going to happen “unless we get the virus under control.” Is he all of a sudden a financial wizard? They fudge the numbers on Covid-19 deaths. WHY? MONEY! Retweet +@Follow All Bookmark/Rtn Add 
It's not about a vaccine, it's vaccines - plural. "They" refers to the Gates of Hell, Fauci and the WHO 
Fauci: No Recovery Possible If Virus Isn't "Under Control" | Zero Hedge  …
MUST WATCH INTERVIEW!!!! If your into the truth & understanding what the globalist and deep state leftist are up too deceiving the world, A little under an hour to get ur self woke! #VOTETRUMP Dr Rashid Buttar goes OFF on Gates, Fauci, & ...  via @YouTube
Saw where Tedros of WHO was part of a organization described as a terrorist leaning in Ethiopia and covered up several outbreaks in that country. Why didn't someone vett him before putting him in WHO position? And why would Fauci be his friend??
WANTED: Where is Fauci? 
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protesters Clamoring for End to Lockdown: Premature Reopening Will ‘Backfire’ Of course he would want us to stay locked up. Who in the hell gave this idiot a degree?  …
Fauci: Re-Opening Economy Too Soon May Backfire  … And not opening may have worst consequences. Little Dictator.
Coronavirus: Americans trust Dr Fauci and Andrew Cuomo far more than Trump, poll finds || Via: Independent  …
Patriots please read the thread below by @QBlueSkyQ She shows us who Dr. Fauci really is! It’s a Really Great Thread!  …
Fauci, Birx, etc are not watching people drown in their own lungs. They are not working without proper PPE risking their own life  pay. They are not walking into rooms with dead patient after dead patient. They are not making call after call to devastated families.
BREAKING-HUME on Mitigation vs. Lockdown: “Drs. Birks & Fauci, acting in good faith, got us out on a limb. Not easy to say “Oops sorry, we overstated—the models were wrong.“ I don’t question their good faith but I think they might’ve made a very serious mistake.” 
Anthony Fauci’s operation was previously funding Corona virus research at the Wuhan institute of virology. Tell me I’m lying.
I promise if you followed the money trail between  WHO/ bill gates/ dr. Fauci you wouldn’t call me a conspiracy theorist. It’s ALWAYS about the money. Watch and see.
Fauci says reopening too quickly would backfire  …
That’s what I am doing in Florida. I am listening to Fauci and my city ordinances, thankfully they are democrats.
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
I said from the beginning Pelosi & crew were vaccinated. In Chinatown promoting socialization without fear?They knew this  Something wasn’t right! Now we know! They were in on this pandemic along with depop Bill Gates and Fauci!
Dr Birx and Dr Fauci have made their careers in the fight against AIDS. It sure would be something if HCQ was the answer all along and it was right there in front of their faces. Imagine their shock at learning the president knew all along.
She's not as adept as Fauci in triangulating between Trump and reality. She's not the first person to sell their soul to try to maintain influence on the inside. But that's a losing game with Trump. Sooner of later you have to choose between him and your integrity.
In an interview with reporter Charles Benson, Former Vice President Joe Biden said Dr. Anthony Fauci is the only White House official the public should hear from during the daily coronavirus task force briefings from Washington, D.C. 
A SHOCKING CORRECTION: Dr. Fauci Went from a Possible 1.7 Million US Deaths Due to Coronavirus to a Possible 200,000 US Deaths in 14 Days!  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci and Birx better have a REALLY good fuc#ing story to explain this.
Shutting our economy down is by far the worst blunder I can remember happening in my short 62 yrs on earth ... @realDonaldTrump Drs Fauci and Birx are not on us conservatives side..
Brit Hume on virus/closing economy: Birx/Fauci went out on a limb & the President listened to them...they made a major wager...hard for them to admit that they overstepped & it didn't turn out to be as bad as they thought & I think they may have made a very serious mistake here.
Both Fauci and Birx have to temper their message to stay enough in Trump's good graces to have influence on the national COVID-19 response. Ask yourself whether Trump's sexism plays a role here. Both Fauci and Birx are playing a dangerous game, but Birx is at a disadvantage.
Amid protests, Dr. Anthony Fauci warns reopening U.S. too soon could "backfire." “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen," he tells @GStephanopoulos.  
'Dr. fauci I promise I will never shake your hand,
Not all the experts. The ones that matter- Birx, Fauci, Redfield, Hahn, Carson, Giroir say we have enough capacity to open the entire country to Phase one, and on top of that use contact tracing.  …
Yes. Makes Fauci's performance all the more impressive.
Interesting to hear ⁦ @brithume⁩ opine that Drs. Birx & Fauci may have made “a very serious mistake” in their advice to ⁦ @realDonaldTrump to enter a lockdown. ⁩ (In sprite of @ShannonBream⁩ dismissing it) These two have done more damage to us than this 
Birx had a choice when she came on board: would she be a honest broker like Fauci, or a political enabler like Pence? Regrettably she has chosen the Pence model over and over. This is not what I'd expected and it is deeply saddening.
Flashback..... A SHOCKING CORRECTION: Dr. Fauci Went from a Possible 1.7 Million US Deaths Due to Coronavirus to a Possible 200,000 US Deaths in 14 Days!  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns: Anti-coronavirus lockdown protests are going to ‘backfire’ -  …
My little brother was diagnosed with Aids at 28 yo. He was healthy until doctors put him on AZT then he died. Shame on you Fauci & big pharma! This was a horrible drug!
Robert Kennedy Jr says Dr Fauci stands to make billions (through the NIH, Dr Fauci's agency) along with Bill Gates (through his foundation) the Coronavirus vaccine. Hmmm conflict of interest??? We need people who are honest and not those who are seeking to load their own pockets
Dr. Fauci Warns Protests May ‘Backfire’: Economy Can’t Recover Until People Do 
As a Floridian resident, that’s exactly what I’m doing. Listening to Dr. Fauci and medical experts, not an idiotic Governor.  …
I am in Texas and I will continue to do what Dr. Fauci says. I am not going into the office or anything until after memorial day either.
#ImpeachedPresidentTrump #Trump2020 Are you that stupid? Fauci warned Trump administration of pandemic danger as early as 2017 - Business Insider  …
Dr. Fauci says easing lockdown measures too soon will lead to "big spike" in coronavirus cases: "It's gonna backfire". @FriedbergEric  …
Our invisible enemies are being exposed. Fauci should be jailed  #CrimesAgainstHumaity! He jailed and destroyed a doctor to exposing the truth about Chronic Infections linked to a retrovirus called XMRV! Patients have been  …
Hopefully people aren’t dumb and listen to Anthony Fauci he’s a 
Watch:  #Fauci tells @PeterHamby #ImmunityRegistry? QR fucken Code? Certificate I need to shlep around? It's very simple. The answer is HELL NO. Never. Retweet if you agree #FireFauci @velocirapture23 @ceestave @realDonaldTrump @ViKu1111 @xileenie 
4:38 pm: D'Souza says that the coronavirus death toll is fake and inflated. 10:16 pm: Laura Ingraham  D'Souza on Fox News  about Dr. Fauci. Unreal. 
Fauci says shaking hands is a custom that must go by the wayside, but hooking up on dating apps, that’s still a matter of personal choice.  …
Dr. #AnthonyFauci claimed on Monday that protests against harsh #Lockdown measures are “going to backfire.” Dr. #Fauci acknowledged that living under the orders is painful but urged people not to “jump the gun.”  …
Fauci: "This is something...hurting from the standpoint of economics...but unless we get the virus under control, the...recovery economically is not going to happen." So, when economists discuss disease we're "unqualified" but if virologists discuss the economy, they're experts? 
Dr. Fauci said to Dr. Gupta-There's something we’re missing from a pathogenesis standpoint & I don't think it's only if you're elderly or have underlying conditions. There's something else going on there that hopefully we'll ultimately figure out. So, how did they create a?
Several Southern states moved on Monday to lift stay-at-home orders amid the COVID-19 pandemic, even as top federal health officials warned that too abrupt a reopening could spark new outbreaks of disease. “It’s going to backfire,” Dr. Fauci warned.  …
Apr 9, Dr. Fauci: “I don’t think we should ever shake hands again.” Apr 14 - when asked if it’s safe to hook up with strangers you meet on Tinder or Grindr during the pandemic: “if you want to take a risk & meet... go a little bit more intimate, then that’s your choice.”
It seems Dr. Fauci is having difficulty following his own  as well as basic respect. It’s actually so odd it makes me wonder...  …
. @DrJudyAMikovits is one of the bravest doctors who took on the Deep State. She found the cause of ME/CFS & other infectious diseases linked to a retrovirus called XMRV. She was jailed and destroyed by Fauci & gang. It's time for justice  …
Fauci Condemns Protests Claims Freedom Protesters Are “Hurting” the Economy, But Not the Lockdowns? So Does Fauci Suddenly Care About the Economy? It’s time to FIRE Dr Keebler Elf and the Scarf Princess They’ve been wrong on everything  …
I’m an expert in morse code, she said: “The orange man is onto us, he’s holding me & Fauci hostage, everybody get out while you can, patriots are in full control”  …
BREAKING: Dr Fauci secures consignment of PPE for Hospitals. 
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
There are 197 days until the presidential election. The president of the United States can’t handle tough questions from a woman, Fauci warns protesters as Trump eggs them on and “wiseguy” governors push back.
The other day Dr Fauci, the leading virus' expert said at the daily briefing. We must end shaking hands! Then less than a minute says it's up to you if you want to meet up w/ a stranger you just met online & have sex! Seriously???!!! Who's this jackass kidding??
Every Tucker Carlson show is fantastic leaving in its wake a string of morons who have been parading themselves as wise leaders of our country. Thank you for calling out the BS from the left Tucker! Keep up the great work Tonight victims include Fauci, AOC, De Blasio and more!
"Dr. Fauci is making it up as he goes along. Most of our leaders are" - Tucker Carlson
Fauci doesn’t believe in shaking hands because his are so little.
If you think that vaccine's ability to aggravate the disease is something made up by "antivaxxers", then listen to the big vaccine pusher, Dr. Fauci:  … Vaccine virus enhancement is a stumbling block for the #coronavirus 
As a person who studies psychology I absolutely read her body language as extremely stressed, nervous and she KNOWS they (Team Trump) know and are on to her and crooked Fauci...she absolutely wants this to be over.
Fauci can go straight to hell with Bill Gates.
Dr. Fauci Decides He Is Galactic Commander and Warns That Protests Will Delay Reopening the Country via  …
Fauci is an Anti American Fraud! He along with the Bill and Melinda Gates should be charged with Crimes against Humanity!  …
Fauci guided US through AIDS crisis, too. Survivors say it's a roadmap for coronavirus. || By Tony Plohetski  …
Dr. Fauci Predicts 'Re-Open' Protesters Will Regret Defying Governors' Orders |  …
Anthony Fauci Fan club acct w 22K followers. lmao!
Dr Fauci + #NotADoctor Bill Gates selling you vaccines with aborted fetal cells, toxic levels of aluminum, mercury, and monkey/chicken DNA giving your kids SIDS and 
Light a candle for Antonio Fauci, patron saint of reason and data. 
Dr. Fauci's last ditch effort to persuade southerners 
I can't confirm this because I didn't see today's briefing. Trump called out the NIH for sending millions to the Wuhan Lab where the virus came from. Guess who is part of NIH? Guess wasn't at the briefing. Deep State Fauci 
Georgia’s moronic governor to reopen gyms and salons amid the coronavirus crisis as Dr Fauci warns against trying too quickly to return to normal. “It’s going to backfire,” Fauci said in an interview on “Good Morning America.” “That’s the problem.”  …
And yet he insists on calling Dr. Fauci "Tony" and every other official by their first names. He's the most disrespectful man in the world. I say we call him Orange Julius Caesar. That will make him happy on many levels.  …
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
Dr. Anthony Fauci grew up a Yankees fan in Brooklyn. For more from Dr. Fauci, including the the various possibilities for baseball’s return, watch #YESWereHere in its entirety here:  
4/5 This evaluation of vaccines under the Secretary of Defense essentially pulls it away from Fauci, who has been the point man on all things vaccines for decades in this Nation.
Coronavirus: Americans trust Dr Fauci and Andrew Cuomo far more than Trump, poll finds || Via Independent  …
What's Fauci going to say next? That we can't open up until a Democrat is in the WH?
“There were 21 people in the room and they were all against the China ban. It was 21 against me, it was tough, but mine is the vote that counts”. FACT: It was Dr. Fauci’s suggestion. Not his.
Anthony Fauci: MLB could play with fans in stands 
Typical garbage media question It's Trump's fault because he wasn't wearing mask Neither was Dr Fauci or Dr Birx. Why wasn't they asked the same question
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… President Trump said there will not be a ‘new normal ‘ when the coronavirus pandemic is over. Dr. Fauci said there will be a ‘new normal.’ Who do you agree with?
'It's going to backfire': Fauci warns against reopening too quickly amid coronavirus crisis  …
#Fauci sits on the #GatesFoundation right next to the @WHO Director General — the same #WHO that called @realDonaldTrump xenophobic & racist for protecting US from #WuhanVirus — while spreading disinformation & causing worldwide #CoronavirusPandemic! #FireFauci 
As Dr. Fauci says, "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen."  …
hmmm where’s fauci?  …
I'm from Georgia and I thank God Dr. Fauci isn't my governor or President of the USA. We'd all likely be eating out of public trash cans by the end of the year listening to him. This virus may kill, but 3rd world poverty kills at a far greater rate!
I don’t care about Fauci’s non-medical opinions  …
Dr. Fauci Comes Out Swinging For Trump - Smacks Down Latest Claim From Media 
'It's going to backfire': Fauci says anti-quarantine protesters could prolong shutdown 
Joe Biden: Dr. Anthony Fauci should be 'only person' public hears from during COVID-19 crisis 
Fauci is a Jesuit. Pope Francis too. For those who want to know, The Jesuit Order:  … #FauciFRAUD #BrixFRAUD #Soros #Gates #ObamaFundedWuhanLab #coronavirus #PopeFrancis #Event201 #QAnon #BillGatesCoronaVirus #BillGatesGenocide 
Incredible that Giroir, Birx, and Fauci are doing this crazy high level public health work and taking two hours a day to conduct a 101 level class in public health.
For the past six weeks, amid the storms that roll across the Trump sea, there's been one isle of calm: Anthony Fauci, writes CNN's Chris Cillizza  
I have to say, looking at Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci every day makes me forget how much I want to see everyone else in jail because I can’t stand seeing them so much.
Dr. Fauci says Trump’s idea of reopening America too quickly will backfire and will cause more death, and meanwhile Fauci  disappeared from Trump’s daily propaganda shows. A coincidence?  …
This explains how 3 swine flu viruses  to make H1N1, that caused a pandemic in 2009. Mixing can take place either in nature or a lab. For Covid-19, you would mix human virus with bat. Research into "chimeric coronaviruses" was funded in Wuhan by the NIH under Fauci! 
Bill Gates was one of Obama’s recipient of the Presidential medal of freedom along with his wifey Pooh! The dots r connecting, he and Fauci r buddies. Now we get into Bill has a vaccine for Covid-19! Does this concern u where this is headed? Gates a known liberal, your thoughts 
Watch out Dr Anthony Fauci there’s a new virologist in town.  …
Dr Fauci is giving advice that will kill people. Yes, economic hardship causes death. We'd be better off taking advice from Dr. Kevorkian, and he died a decade ago.
Fauci says reopening too quickly will backfire  
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protests - Claims Freedom Protesters Are "Hurting" the Economy --- But Not the Lockdowns? So Does Fauci Suddenly Care About the Economy?  … via @gatewaypundit
He should Skype from home. He needs to feel abit how the rest of NY feels. Same goes for Fauci. They need to sit home. Skype. Zoom. Live on a $1,400 check for a month. Oh and not have their potential-son-in-law over for dinner. That was the Passover guidance. Distancing.  …
Dr. Fauci Comes Out Swinging For Trump - Smacks Down Latest Claim From Media 
Leaked Emails Show Fauci Was Called Hillary's 'Doctor Admirer,' Wanted Hillary To Know 'We All Love Her'  …
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Dr. Fauci on Good Morning America does NOT have a good response for Governors for not ENOUGH testing. Dr. Fauci says there needs to be a bigger partnership between federal & state governments. We're only doing 1M tests a week. 
Yesterday, instead of allowing Dr. Fauci to answer medical questions, Trump used much of the time to read aloud flattering quotes from a Wall Street Journal editorial and play out-of-context video clips of Gov. Cuomo praising elements of the federal government's response.
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns: Anti-coronavirus lockdown protests are going to ‘backfire’  …
Anthony Fauci urges caution for U.S. states to reopen, as anti-quarantine protests pop up  
Connect The Dots Swamp Physician Hillary Fan & Gates Operative Dr Fauci Downplays Antibody Testing Because It Will Accelerate Reopening America And Defeat DemocRATS Plotting To Kill The Economy 
Dr Fauci's approval rating is at 66%. Coronavirus-lockdown protests cropping up in the US will "backfire" Dr. Tony Fauci said today, adding that "unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen."  …
'It's going to backfire': Fauci says protests could prolong shutdown  …
3.7 Million $was sent to lab in Wuhan by Fauci for COVID-19 testing! January 2017 Fauci Stated that there would be a “surprise” pandemic. Fauci cannot be trusted! #Plandemic RT if you agree Follow 
. @whca and @jonkarl, thought I’d ask again. Can some ask #Fauci the following? How many tests do we need to be doing per day, how many are we doing, what are the impediments to increased testing, and how and when will we get there? It’s the only info we need from the briefing.  …
Dr. Fauci says the Demonstrations could prolong the shutdown. Let Dr. Fauci know what you think of him and his tyrannical Vaccine nonsense in  below. Retweet 
Funny How Fake News Never Has Any Questions For Dr. Anthony Fauci About How WRONG He Has Been On Coronvirus Every Step Of the Way. Look At This Timeline of All His Totally Inaccurate Predictions:  …
The more I learn about the Little man Dr. Fauci the more I dislike and distrust him. Now I find out he actually helped send grant money to Wuhan. Hell fire it might be that money that spread this virus to the world. Just dang! 
GLOBALIST FAUCI IS UP TO HIS NECK ORCASTRATING THIS VIRUS LISTEN TO Ramp... 
Services that cannot be performed without being in close proximity with a person - which cancels out social distancing are the businesses you decided to re-open? Though the CDC and Dr. Fauci state we should not do this now, with most of GA not tested etc.? No.
I certainly understand the sentiment to Fire Fauci and I think the guy is a Clinton loving supporter of Bill Gates but firing him would do more harm than good. Potus is playing this whole thing perfectly.
Dr. Anthony Fauci strikes a different tone on testing than President Trump, calls for "partnership" between states and feds  
Dr. Anthony Fauci breaks down the various possibilities for baseball’s return. Look for @JackCurryYES' full #YESWereHere interview Dr. Fauci right here at 8pm tonight. 
‘It’s going to backfire’: Fauci warns against reopening too quickly amid coronavirus crisis  …
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE:  — U.S. death toll tops 40,000. — Fauci warns reopening U.S. too soon could "backfire." — U.S., Canada and Mexico to keep borders closed to nonessential travel for another 30 days. — At least 40 deaths among NYC homeless. 
Darth Fauci is trying to keep the "Covid-19 Death Star" aimed at the US economy! The bullshit is strong in this one! 
 cold has been around since it was discovered/diagnosed. No vaccines. Fauci is a fearmongering attention whore!
Bill Gates Anthony Fauci Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton George Bush Barack Obama George Soros Justin Trudeau Everyone of these people are HEROS and should be applauded for having the courage to stand up to the Terrorist called Trump! We need more like THEM!
I would like to see the White House press corps ask Fauci and Birx where  down on this.  …
It is Fauci I hold personally responsible for withholding clinical studies and treatments to millions suffering from invisible illness for over 20 years. He fired and jailed Dr. Judy Mikovits who proved the connection of chronic infections illness and XMRV a new retrovirus.
Strange that we've never heard Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx mention that Americans should be eating more fruits and vegetables, taking a vitamin C supplement, taking a multivitamin, etc. etc. etc.. Would that be something that should be encouraged during a viral pandemic?
Lol “Based on current trajectories, 15 states may need to wait until June 8 or even beyond that time l.” Chris Murray should be called before Congress—Fauci and Birx should be fired for ever legitimizing this atrocious excuse for “science.” 
While Trump cheers on the idiots protesting stay at home orders, Dr. Fauci warned on Monday that these protests will "backfire" and further delay the reopening of the economy. More people will get sick, and that will push the reopening far into the future.  …
Fauci is the Czar for the Deep State, predicts the surprise outbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #FireFauci Fauci knows all about Chronic Infectious diseases millions have been suffering from for years! It's Fauci who denied clinical studies and treatments! 
A question for Dr. Fauci that would help us all sort this is out is whether his advice to @realDonaldTrump takes into account the economic devastation, or if he's only interested in defeating the virus. How do we measure when, or if, the cure is worse than the disease?
Why is Lil’ Emperor Fauci even out there still?? Bench him already.  …
15 Coronavirus Questions I'd Like to Ask Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx  …
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency   …
COVID’s mortality is hotly debated. Dr. Fauci and I think it’s <1% H1N1 infected (estimated) >60 million Americans in 2009. COVID’s burden will likely be similar 1% of 60M is 600,000. No model projects that many US COVID deaths 1% is still a BIG DEAL.  …
I interviewed Dr Anthony Fauci. He spoke about status of NY and Coronavirus, how NYers should remain prudent, scenarios under which MLB could potentially return, the possibility of some fans attending games, his love of baseball and more. Look for it on YES social media tonight 
Fauci, Obama & NIAID all 3 powers created this attack. The one to blame most is @BarackObama CV is his weapon he had ready for Trump or any Republican who beat them. CoVid-19 is blood on Obama's hands. #BloodOnObamaHands @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Guess who was telling everyone to relax and go out in public on the last day of February? DR. FAUCI. So stop trying to pretend this is Trump's fault you whining, sniveling, ridiculous idiot. BE A JOURNALIST.  …
Fauci needs to rot in prison! He broke the law and as director for the NIH paid China to create Covid-19. And when the death toll isn’t high enough he mandates doctors list Covid as the cause of death for the untested.  …
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protests – Claims Freedom Protesters Are “Hurting” the Economy — But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauci @gatewaypundit Evidently, Fauci's Mentors, Hillary Clinton and Bill Gates had a chat with him. Right @POTUS?
Bombshell Dr. Fauci Email Is Leaked, Hillary's 'Doctor Admirer,' Wanted Her To Know He Loves Her. How bad does this look for Fauci?
Dr. Fauci says what's obvious to anyone not in a @FoxNews zombie trance: "Reopening" America too soon will cause a tsunami of death, not an economic  …
Dr. Fauci says easing lockdown measures too soon will lead to "big spike" in coronavirus cases: "It's gonna backfire"  …
Trump supporters featured on MSNBC at protests seem to believe “Trump is the smartest, sharpest, best leader” AND “Trump is making poor decisions because he is falling for the bad advice of Fauci & Birx, who are taking advantage of him” ...
Fauci: No Recovery Possible If Virus Isn't "Under Control"  …
Nebraska has the 7th least amount of cases per capita in the U.S. and Ricketts has been routinely praised by Fauci for his response to the virus. Don't be a hack.  …
Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery, but Stupid gonna Stupid.  …
#FireFauci PETITION nears 100,000 signatures!! The Deep State Scientific Establishment - headed by Fauci - has lots its credibility for serving Truth Freedom Health. Let’s get the remaining 19,000 NOW & submit to @realDonaldTrump this week  …
Three weeks ago. Holding up well. Fauci offers more conservative death rate in academic article than in public virus briefings  …
These are not protests to go back to work, these are Trump campaign rallies. Complete with guns, confederate flags, anti-Fauci chants, and promoting propaganda that this is a fake virus. 
Stupid Tony Fauci and his stupid Deep State hoax  …
Fauci doesn't get to make the decision on reopening.  …
2/4 Health Care Heroes of the #COVID19 Pandemic 2. Anthony Fauci, MD, who's calmly led with experience and intelligence, and who has tried mightily to reassure a worried nation, with science and utmost professionalism. 
Dr. Fauci says reopening economy too quickly could “backfire” 
You tell them Fauci!  …
Sounds like Dr. Fauci's days on the "Task Force" are numbered.  …
2017: Before @realDonaldTrump inauguration, Fauci said there "WILL BE a surprise outbreak" for the  admin. Are U PPL AWAKE YET?! Was COVID19 PLANNED for Democrat political agenda? Ballot harvesting, infringe liberties, mandatory vaccines... 
Fauci failed to contain the HIV epidemic. Why should we listen to Fauci now?
Fauci is a criminal, we've all been played...I knew it long ago...because I dug in...Trump is finally getting it...albeit much too late. He can be so naive and  …
Dr. Fauci says the Demonstrations could prolong the shutdown.. Let Dr. Fauci know what you think of him and his tyrannical Vaccine BS below...
REMINDER Doctors Fauci and Birx first presented to President Trump their data model predicting the deaths of 2.2 Million Americans. THEY WERE WRONG!
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protests – Claims Freedom Protesters Are “Hurting” the Economy — But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauci  
#Covidiots Dr. Fauci Predicts 'Re-Open' Protesters Will Regret Defying Governors' Orders | Crooks and Liars  …
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Fauci said : You could be tested today and be negative---tested tomorrow and be positive. After you have it and test negative, you could get it again. Mutating ? So tell a old country boy, millions can not be tested every day, shut down forever ?  …
It’shappening. A live look at the Democrats corrupt cabal crumbling. From Comey to Fauci it’s  down. I know I’m not alone when I say.... ......I hope to hell it hurts.... 
I see Fraud Fauci on cable news stabbing the reopening of the American economy in the back again. Shitcan his ass or quarantine him from the television cameras!
As news of Steve's plight spread throughout the land, nurses, doctors, techs, social workers, orderlies, and hospital administrators all laid down their scrubs and took the streets. "Free refills for everyone," screamed an elated Anthony Fauci.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns: Anti-coronavirus lockdown protests are going to ‘backfire’  …
R0 is less than 1 in the U.S. now, correct? That is cause for celebration. I guarantee that you will not hear a single member of Team Apocalypse (Gates, Fauci, Cuomo) mention this fact. They will stick to their fear-based script until Pharma gets their trillion dollar payday.
Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery  …
#TrumpCoronavirusTestFailure @POTUS had to fight an over regulated bureaucracy that would not allow outside labs to make #covid_19 tests for 5 weeks after engaging. That's the broken system he & Fauci talked about. #CDC #FDA regulate the tests. #FDA regs = 
Fauci is being controlled. No question about it. His contradictory actions and statements, and nonsensical analysis, is a sure sign that someone else - behind the scenes - is pulling his levers. 
So when Fauci talked a few weeks ago about carrying “certificates of immunity,” what did that mean? If antibodies don’t prevent you from reinfection, or we don’t know, what’s the point of immunity papers?
Deep State Fauci is an EVIL man. Right before President Trump's inauguration, Fauci claimed that there "will be a surprise outbreak" for the  admin. Under BHO, Fauci sent $3.7M to Wuhan lab for coronavirus testing. Plandemic!! 
Who elected Fauxci chief economist? He should stay in his lane. Dr. Fauci Condemns Protests - Claims Freedom Protesters Are "Hurting" the Economy --- But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauci  … via @gatewaypundit
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… Dr. Fauci said a quick reopening of the economy may backfire. Who do you trust to make that decision of reopening?
Digging your own grave. Dr. "needs a box" mini-Fauci is trying to flank @POTUS once again by suggesting protestors should stay at home. He seems to forget... We are awake. Fauci is exposed to the world as a [DS] hand puppet.  in many forms.  …
All that winning. (sarcasm) 65% believe that Trump didn't take the virus seriously enough. Dr. Fauci says the push behind the stay-at-home protests staged and orchestrated by Trump and friends will make things worse.  
I want to hear Fauci talk about the suicides his Coronavirus policies are causing every day. No time for that on his daily media appearances.
If Trump doesn't fire Fauci, he's admitting he (Trump) is false opposition and a traitor.  …
What’s the over/under Fauci will be at the daily Donald tv show later?  …
In response to protests against social distancing, Dr. Anthony Fauci warns that opening too soon will backfire  …
Dr. Fauci says economic recovery will not happen ‘unless we get the virus under control’ -  … 
Again, @realDonaldTrump, who is president - you are Fauci?  … #Firefauci #ReopenAmerica
Dr. Fauci on stay-at-home order protests: "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen. If you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you're going to set yourself back."
Coronavirus: Americans trust Dr Fauci and Andrew Cuomo far more than Trump, poll finds | Via Independent  …
Oh wow ok now Fauci warns that antibodies aren’t proven to prevent reinfection while he continues to channel his inner despot. Bench him.  …
Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery  … >><> Oh. now he is a political analyst too. Great.
#NEW: Dr. Anthony Fauci warns that protests in opposition to governors' stay-at-home orders meant to slow the spread of the coronavirus will "backfire.” "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen.” 
Dr. #AnthonyFauci claimed on Monday that protests against harsh #Lockdown measures are “going to backfire.” #Fauci acknowledged that living under the orders is painful but urged people not to “jump the gun.”  …
Dr Fauci-So what you do if you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you’re going to set yourself back. This asswipe is a detriment to the President. Anthony Fauci Warns Lockdown Protesters: Quick Reopening May 'Backfire'  …
Fauci says reopening too quickly will backfire  …
2./ The first thing to note is how critics are framed to appear unchallengeable. @devisridhar is a respected expert but she no more predicted the pandemic than any other global health expert I've interviewed for decades. When I last interviewed Anthony Fauci he said the same.
Anthony Fauci repeats WHO talking points almost verbatim. He works for them and Bill Gates, not the United States people.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not gonna happen."  …
Amid protests, Dr. Anthony Fauci warns reopening U.S. too soon could "backfire." “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen," he tells @GStephanopoulos.  
Fauci Appears To Break With Trump On Governors Lifting Stay-At-Home Orders: “It’s Going To Backfire”  …
Fauci looking more and more inept, or EVIL  …
Fauci: If states reopen too fast, ‘it’s going to backfire’ 
Dr. Tony Fauci warns protesters that if the country jumps the gun and reopens too soon it will jeopardize a 'real' economic recovery 
When Anthony Fauci first warned that two million would die, there was a race among federal, state, and local officials to see who could rip up the Constitution fastest.
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protests - Claims Freedom Protesters Are "Hurting" the Economy --- But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauci  … via @gatewaypundit
'It's going to backfire': Fauci says protests could prolong shutdown  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci just warned magats what the rest of us with a functioning brain, already know .. that protests in opposition to governors' stay-at-home orders meant to slow the spread of the coronavirus will "backfire" .. and further delay the reopening of the economy!
Mikovits explains who and what Fauci is  …
"As soon as it became clear that there  spread ... then it became clear that we were in real trouble," says Dr. Fauci. "That was probably towards the middle to end of January.” 
#MyHouseMyAmerica #2A41A #Trump2020 #WWG1WGA Is He The Biggest Lying POS DEEP State Dr. Fauci Condems Protests – Claims Freedom Protesters Are “Hurting” the Economy -But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauciNow #Patriots #KAG #PaintOurCountryRed  …
Amid protests, Dr. Anthony Fauci warns reopening U.S. too soon could "backfire." “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen," he tells @GStephanopoulos.  
Dr. Anthony Fauci stands to profit from the coronavirus vaccine he’s lobbying for. Fauci works for the National Institute of Health (NIH) which is in agreement with the Bill Gates-backed  making the vaccine. Why does Fauci think he can get away with this?
Dr. Fauci Condems Protests - Claims Freedom Protesters Are "Hurting" the Economy --- But Not the Lockdowns? #FireFauci  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Fauci on ABC: "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen. So what you do if you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike? You're gonna set yourself back. As painful as it is ... it's going to backfire."
Dr. Fauci Says Easing Lockdown Measures Too Soon Will Lead to 'Big Spike' in Coronavirus Cases: 'It's Gonna Backfire' Trumpers are the dumbest people of all time. Just incredible that these people even exist.  …
I wouldn’t trust Tony Fauci to make me a sandwich! Why is America trusting this unelected fool to make life and death policy for 330 million people?
BREAKING: Dr. Anthony Fauci has contradicted Trump's “Liberate” tweet said reopening economy too quickly could “backfire”
Dr. Fauci speaks without a White House minder: 1. Feds aren't coordinating testing effectively with the states 2. There's some capacity growth, but it's inadequate 3. We need test/trace/isolate on gen'l pop 4. Antibodies' longevity, test quality uncertain 
Pelosi’s message is loud and clear: Give me my way or I’ll just stay on vacation & eat expensive ice cream while you go out of business and starve. She gave @POTUS an F for failure though HE has been working around the clock with Drs. Fauci & Birx to solve 
Dr. Fauci says reopening too quickly will backfire 
Dr. Anthony Fauci strikes a different tone on testing than President Trump, calls for "partnership" between states and feds  
NO TICKET "Fauci warned against a haphazard reopening" Said 2 mill would die, lowered now say 60K Scientists LIED Americans HURTING! Its the FLU! @realDonaldTrump FIRE HIM! Add @Handle Follow ALL & @WatrDi  …
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci just contradicted Trump and criticized the “Liberate” protests. He says they will “backfire,” and hurt any potential economic recovery. This could have mostly been avoided had Trump listened to the experts from the start #TrumpCoronavirusTestFailure
Fauci warns protesters about dangers of ending lockdowns prematurely: 'It's going to backfire'  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci has warned that reopening the country prematurely will backfire. He was responding to recent protests against social distancing measures in some states.  … via @politicususa
Dr. Fauci: "Testing is a part, an important part, of a multi-faceted way that we are going to control and ultimately end this outbreak... "But the emphasis that we've been hearing, is essentially that testing is everything and it isn't." 
Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery  … #MondayThoughts Sadly the protestors don’t want to listen to the truth. My friend died from #COVID19 this weekend. How many more people will die due to their actions?
BOOM! Fauci Sweating Bullets! Trump Investigating His $3.7 Million Obama Era Grant to Wuhan Lab!!! – Next News Network 
Dr. Fauci on Social Distancing Protests: Reopening the Economy Too Soon Will ‘Backfire’  
Dr. Fauci: "There's production capacity that gets better and better and better.. "For what we need in the first phase if these things are done correctly, what I believe they can, we will have and there will be enough tests to allow us to take this country safely through Phase 1" 
Dr. Fauci warns reopening too soon could "backfire." Trump wants to reopen on May 1st. WHICH IS IT? SOMEONE TELL THE TRUTH!  …
Bannon: Chinese Health Minister lied to @WHO, which didn't do its own due diligence on human-to-human transmission in January Dr. Fauci wandered around supporting WHO, China deep into February #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
Dr. Fauci warns that #COVID19 cases could surge if the stay-home orders are lifted too quickly, proving to be more cautious than Trump, who has downplayed the outbreak & pushed to open the US too quickly. "It’s going to backfire." he said.  …
Fauci has been hyped almost as much as the #coronavirus. At least w/ Dr. Birx - she's honest enough to say, "We just don't know" Given that we, in fact, "don't know" I'm not willing to sacrifice liberty. We still live by a Constitution in America.  …
Dr. Fauci says reopening economy too quickly could “backfire” 
Dr. Fauci has a message for those protesting stay-at-home orders: “Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not gonna happen." 
Fauci says protests will slow economic recovery: "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen," Fauci said  …
I wonder if the CDC, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx  out and say that we had a very mild flu season with almost no deaths
Fauci warns: Protests against stay-at-home orders will "backfire" and further delay reopening  
Listen To The Doctor; Not The Dotard! Fauci warns protests will 'backfire,' slow economic recovery  …
Woop Woop! God bless Texas! Fire Fauci was being chanted outside the Texas state capitol. 
Fauci warns protesters about dangers of ending lockdowns prematurely: 'It's going to backfire' 
Fauci Warns Protesters That Ignoring Stay At Home Orders Is ‘Going To Backfire’  
Fauci warns Covid-19 cases could surge if stay-home orders lifted too quickly  …
Fauci to protesters: "As painful as it is to go by the careful guidelines of gradually phasing into a re-opening, it's going to backfire" Trump: "As far as protesters, you know, I see protesters for all sorts of things. And I'm with everybody"  …
Anthony Fauci pushed back against those protesting stay-at-home orders, saying the economy won’t recover until the virus is “under control" 
Too many words for the target audience. They don't understand that. Fauci should learn  with simple words. Don't go out. See my point. Stay at home. See, easy.
CORONAVIRUS LATEST:  — U.S. death toll tops 40,000. — Global cases near 2.5 million. — Dr. Fauci warns reopening too soon could "backfire." — New York begins coronavirus antibody testing survey. — More than 1,800 inmates test positive at Ohio prison. 
Protesters Wanting To #ReopenTexas Chant "Fire Fauci!" at Anti-Quarantine Demonstrations in Austin. #FireFauci #coronavirus 
Don't take advice on your two-handed backhand from Dr Fauci, and don't take advice on immunology from Novak Djokovic. #Covid19  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells conservative anti-lockdown protesters, "Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen." He adds that if people "jump the gun" and reopen, "you're going to set yourself back" and things will "backfire." 
So was #Fauci trying to spread the Rona on @VP ? Disgusting display by the “doctor”. Wiping SNOT off his face with his HAND!!!! Then wiping his hand on Pence!!!! Hey Fauci, #StopTheSpread #COVID19 
What do we have here... Obama predicting a pandemic 5 years ago that would most likely happen in 5 years or a decade from now @realDonaldTrump no one could have predicted this? Not only did Fauci predict it,but so did Obama and he still chose not to replenish our stockpiles 
I cant wait to see Trump's face when Biden awards Dr. Fauci the Presidential Medal of Freedom next year.
Dr. Fauci's message to protesters on ABC this am: "What you do if you jump the gun & go into a situation where you have a big spike, you’re gonna set yourself back. So as painful as it is to go by the careful guidelines of gradually phasing into a reopening, it’s gonna backfire."
Dr. Fauci Condemns Protesters Clamoring for End to Lockdown: Premature Reopening Will 'Backfire'  via @mediaite
Dr. Fauci wasn’t always updating Americans on COVID-19 — here’s a look back at the doctor’s life and career 
It is a FACT that the United States does still currently fund Research that created the CoronaVirus - COVID-19. We gave China the option to keep this Virus under their “ purview. “ Obama gave them the research to Dr. Fauci’s Office. Has anyone in Congress demanded to defund it?
Dr. Anthony Fauci told PBS’s Frontline with a straight face that risks from vaccines are “almost non measurable.” Fauci then proceeded to downplay every potential vaccine risk proposed by the interviewer, stating that each had “no basis in reality.” 
EXPOSED! This is very serious. How US President, @POTUS, Anthony Fauci & Bill Gates might have unleashed the #Covid_19 pandemic from a laboratory research funded by the US. An expert, Dr. Rashid Buttar exposes the conspiracy behind 
“Clearly this is something that this is hurting …. but unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery, economically, is not going to happen.” — NIAID director Dr. Anthony Fauci on protests against stay-at-home orders. 
I have signed this petition to sincerely request the Trump Administration immediately indict and fire Dr. Anthony Fauci.  …
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
Without a doubt! I watch Cuomo’s daily briefings...my TV is OFF the second Trump gets in front of a mic. I’ve had enough of his lies, propaganda, gaslighting, and self-praise. Americans trust Dr Fauci and Andrew Cuomo far more than Trump, poll finds  …
Dr. Fauci said yesterday on @MSNBC : "As soon as it became clear that there  spread ... then it became clear that we were in real trouble. That was probably towards the middle to end of January." Contrast that with this  …
The same Professor Neil Ferguson predicted 150,000 UK would die of Mad Cow Disease. Only 177 died. So WHY was Fauci relying upon the work of a KNOWN FRAUDSTER? THIS is the question the White House media should be asking.  …
The model Fauci used to scare President Trump into supporting lockdowns was developed by Professor Neil Ferguson, who had a history of wildly overestimating death rates through his prediction models. Of course, Fauci must have known this guy was a fraud when he used it.
Apparently The US (under Fauci) gave a huge grant to a Wuhan lab to create superbugs. Why?  …
“The problem is that these are tests that need to be validated and calibrated, and many of the tests out there don’t do that. So even though you hear  flooding the market with these antibody tests, a lot of them are not validated," Dr. Fauci says on ABC
Fauci: There will be a surprise outbreak (2017)  via @YouTube
This is what the Big Govt, Big Pharma, #BillGates and #Fauci Bros are trying to prevent. Don't let them... #coronavirus 
Fauci this morning on ABC, responding to the anti-lockdown protests: "What you do if you jump the gun and go into a situation where you have a big spike, you're gonna set yourself back... It's gonna backfire. That's the problem.”
Yes. There are too many coincidences. Event201,agenda21, Bill gates,soros fauci. All connected. Big political year. Hard not to believe the tin foil hat club anymore.
Bipartisan agreement on reopening govt Anything 'Bipartisan' usually means Conservatives gave away the farm to get 60 votes to pass a bill Mass testing?? With Fauci & Gates involved?!? TRUST NO ONE @DLongsamson I FOLLOW  …
"Unless we get the virus under control, the real recovery economically is not going to happen," Dr. Anthony Fauci on ABC this morning.
Worth the watchWish I could have been a fly on the wall to see the faces of Fauci & Birx when he mentioned PEPFAR.  …
Fauci: "The Emphasis Weve Been Hearing Is Essentially Testing Is Everything, And It Isnt"  …
'I think it might actually have some merit,' Dr. Fauci said.  …
Dr.Fauci Andrew Cuomo Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer Andrew Schiff Are the top 5 people I'm seriously sick of hearing their rhetoric Who are you sick of ?? Just 1 Frecking day without hearing from or about them would be nice
Trump version of "Snow White": 'Magic mirror on the wall, who's the most narcissistic of them all?" "My great King, you are the most narcissistic in all the land". Trump plays the Wicked Queen. 7 dwarves are played by McConnell/Graham/Javanka/Hannity/Carlson/Fauci/Birx.  …
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
As an expert at DNA, I knew as soon as  the sequence of a spike protein from bat with Covid-19, that this virus did not "jump species at a fish market". Look at how many changes were made to let it infect humans! Made by the  of two viruses. Fauci is lying. 
Fauci, Obama & NIAID all 3 powers created this attack. The one to blame most is @BarackObama. This is his weapon he had ready for Trump or any Republican who beat them. CoVid-19 is blood on Obama's hands. @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @DonaldJTrumpJr @DrButtar 
