Fauci told members of Congress that the early inability to test was “a failing” of the administration’s response to a deadly, global pandemic. “Why,” he asked later in a magazine interview, “were we not able to mobilize on a broader scale?” 
The campaign against Tony Fauci is anti-intellectual, anti-science, and anti-human values. All good people must rise to defend this hero against the sickness of an ignorant and evil campaign.  …
This N.J. bakery is making doughnuts with Dr. Anthony Fauci’s face on them -   …
That’s the 3rd or 4th Question I gave to someone more qualified than I...Dr. Fauci Tune in tomorrow!
Anthony Fauci: The coronavirus pandemic ‘is not, as it were, under control’  …
Rochester donut shop selling donuts with Dr. Fauci’s face. Would be great to give social distancing guidelines with the donuts.  …
The Base! “A week later, Dr. Fauci — the administration’s most outspoken advocate of emergency measures to fight the coronavirus outbreak — has  the target of an online conspiracy theory that he is mobilizing to undermine the president.”  …
Q to Pelosi: did you get conned on the stimulus bill and the IG? Q to Fauci: is it safe for there to be ‘packed churches’ on Easter, as Trump wants? Q to De Blasio: do you regret telling New Yorkers only a few weeks ago to keep going out, against all scientific advice?  …
Come to think of it, I assumed that @twitter cc: @AGOWA removed & vetoed the free-will choice of 25% of my followers because of the video about Dr. Fauci admitting vaccines make many diseases they’re supposed to prevent worse But I wonder it was because of the BRIDGE video?  …
Upstate New York shop sells hundreds of doughnuts with Dr. Fauci's face  
US deaths hit 2000 on Saturday, a doubling in two days, but the far right has decided to attack Dr. Fauci for correcting the president’s misstatements  …
TRUMP [ALEC BALDWIN]: ...and now, Dr. Fauci will fill us in on, you know, all that boringggg nerrdd stuff. FAUCI [STEVE MARTIN]: [steps to podium to enormous roar from the audience] Now, for some actual science TRUMP/BALDWIN: [Does that thing with his lips that Trump doesn't do]
Because it’s all a lie. A lie perpetuated by Dr. Anthony Fauci and Bill Gates. These videos contains CRITICAL information about COVID-19. Every American needs to watch immediately. Watch till the end. This one >>  and the one 
A blockbuster guest lineup tomorrow morning on @CNNSotu with @jaketapper --> Speaker Nancy Pelosi Anthony Fauci Mayor Bill de Blasio Gov. Gretchen Whitmer Gov. Jay Inslee Gov. Pete Ricketts
60 Seconds of Serenity: Take the edge off with a minute of waterfall wonderment from Ithaca Falls—a stone’s throw from Cornell University. Dedicating this to Cornell Graduate Class of ‘66 alum Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
The Trump base starts to go after Anthony Fauci. This iOS Insanity. Hatred of science,  The cult of Trump wants to roll us back 500 years.
DESUS & MERO & FAUCI!!! MONDAY NIGHT AT 11!!!  …
Germany's Dr. Fauci-like Christian Drosten has revealed that Germany is conducting 500,000 coronavirus tests each week. This partly explains why their CFR is so low. The US has conducted an estimated 750,000 tests in total. The UK is around 100,000.  …
My mom on her marriage in a time of Covid-19. “I listen to Dr. Fauci, but your fathah? Dr. Oz.”
Dr Fauci is one of the only leaders going on non traditional outlets to reach as many people as possible. Smart man.  …
The Trump cult is busily spreading lies and smears about Dr. Tony Fauci, because they work tirelessly to please their god emperor.  
Trump fringe going after #Fauci : Absolutely, unequivocally, #deplorable . via ⁦  …
The level of  lack of readiness, unavailable PPE and ventilators, failure of planning, lack  is stunning. Absolutely  level of political malpractice by #TrumpAdministration top to bottom. Dr. Fauci, the only voice of reason. Stunning.
Must watch interview of Dr Shiva! Is Dr. Fauci a scam artist??? You decide!!!  …
I just found this out randomly when I looked at my parents' old copies of Harrison's (a book I actually hate reading). Nevertheless, Dr. Fauci is a legend that we’re lucky to have coordinating things during #COVID19. The Orangutan-in-Chief is in over his  …
NIH sending to our fearless leader ... Anthony (Tony) Fauci ... multiple signs thanking him in our bldg at the NIH 
Why is this mad scientist Fauci trying to infiltrate pop culture? Black culture at that! Beware the Trojan Horse! 
Another reason I’m a fan of Dr. Fauci .  …
I try to keep politics out of this, but this latest attack on Tony Fauci is simply irresponsible. He's been a bright spotlight on the inadequacy of @realDonaldTrump's otherwise disastrous #COVID19 non-response. Instead of #FauciFraud, maybe #Fauci2020?  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, National Treasure and World Renowned Medical Expert Is Now a Target of the Far Right. Do they not realize experts like him stand between us and disaster? @NIH @NIAIDNews #COVID19 #hcsm #coronavirus #ScienceMatters 
Absolutely. PMO is taking advice from #ScottyFromMarketing on what advice to give to the government. Our CMO is no Dr #Fauci. Brendan Murphy is a puppet.
Dr. Fauci has a new effective medical mask. 
the smearing of dr. tony fauci is underway — @alex_kirshner absolutely nailed the timeline 
Dr. Fauci did Pardon My Take, went live with Steph Curry and now Desus and Mero. What a legend  …
MAGA cultists are actually attacking Dr. Fauci. The most important authority on infectious diseases in the US & these science-denying idiots are saying he’s part of the deep state. Can’t wait until these morons are a footnote in history.  …
“The campaign against Dr. Fauci [by Trump supporters] stands out because he is one of the world’s leading infectious disease experts, and it is unfolding as the government battles a pathogen that is rapidly spreading in the United States.  …
Bakeries pay tribute to Dr. Fauci with doughnuts, cookies:  
Upstate NY shop sells ‘hundreds’ of doughnuts starring Dr. Fauci’s face 
It’s amazing how ignorant and cruel some people can be. Compare Fauci’s credentials to Trumps. Idiots!! Seek counseling!! #FauciFraud
Once again @POTUS shows his true orange colors when he can’t refer to the Gov of Michigan by name - the “young woman governor.” He referred to Dr Fauci and to “Deborah,” the other physician on the dais. He hasn’t spoken to the Speaker since Oct. His misogyny is always on display!
I wrote earlier this week about Trump’s thinned-out taste for Dr. Fauci. One of the main reasons has been his disagreements with the president about the efficacy of chloroquines.  …
We  together and have Dr.Fauci back... 
Yes. My MAGA sister who is an RN said yesterday.... Why did Dr. Deborah Birx lie publicly. WOW. And then she said, you can't believe anything they say except Fauci. WOW!!! She was full in MAGA.
“A week later, Dr. Fauci — the administration’s most outspoken advocate of emergency measures to fight the coronavirus outbreak — has  the target of an online conspiracy theory that he is mobilizing to undermine the president.”  …
The anti-Fauci sentiment is being reinforced by posts from Tom Fitton, the president of Judicial Watch, Bill Mitchell,and other outspoken Trump supporters such as Shiva Ayyadurai, who has falsely claimed to be the inventor of email. 
#FauciFraud no — I assume the brilliant Dr. Fauci was the first to tweet this: 
Science is not politics. Dr Fauci is the only one on stage that  factual. It is disturbing to know his safety is at risk.
If you think Dr. Fauci is part of the solution, you may be part of the problem. There is no way in hell this man should be in any position of power. #AIDS was a scam if you didn’t know! Just ask Magic Johnson! But here’s Dr. Shiva’s 
Where others have failed in doing so, Dr. Fauci has fearlessly done his duty, openly spoken truth to power and set the example for ALL civil servants and military officers to do likewise. Not in mutiny or in rebellion but in rightly fulfilling their duty to the country and people
Dr Fauci is the only person that stands on that dais for the dog & pony show who has dignity, expertise & a true desire to help the Amer people. He'll be standing alone at the end of this catastrophe, but with honor. He will always be a hero in my eyes.
This N.J. bakery is making doughnuts with Dr. Anthony Fauci’s face on them  
Dr. Fauci "This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1% ...)"  …
Fauci Gently Tells Trump Why He Can’t Hold Parade to Celebrate Great Job He Is Doing  … via @NewYorker
Medical Expert Who Corrects Trump Is Now a Target of the Far Right - The New York Times. (SHAMEFUL attacks on Dr Fauci by an orchestrated propaganda machine of DEEP IGNORANCE. What are we   …
#NEW: I love this New York's @Donuts_Delite is selling out of donuts featuring an edible photo of Dr. Fauci. The bake shop's owner reportedly says he wanted to honor the doctor for all the hard work he's doing for our country during the coronavirus outbreak. 
Trump's new campaign ad — entitled, of all things, "Hope" — casts his response to the pandemic in heroic terms, features video of @GavinNewsom and @NYGovCuomo praising him, and makes Dr. Fauci correcting him sound like praise too  
I worked with Dr. Fauci during the AIDS crisis. He is brilliant and only cares about stopping disease. I would propose #FearlessFauci instead.  …
Why? (1)no Big Pharma $in it; (2)if there is a cheap, well tolerated, effective treatment, no one will want the Gates/Fauci vaccine; (3)it's tough to keep the public panicked over a curable disease; (4) DeepState needs to tank economy to try to beat Trump in Nov 2020.
Trump supporters are trashing Dr. Tony Fauci during coronavirus crisis — pushing #FauciFraud  …
Dr. Fauci: Private Sector Saved Us On Testing, Govt ‘System’ Can’t Handle It 
#TrumpGenocide Dr Fauci mask that will save a million lives 
Hey maybe someone from the Wash Post or NY Times can take a break from Fauci vs Trump vs Birx fan fiction and assign someone to this. Firefighters?  …
Anthony Fauci Shows Us the Right Way to Be an Expert  … @sciam c @RadioFreeTom
Because even tho we’ve been told by years Trump is an idiotic, incapable, generally dumb puppet of Russia, so mentally unstable we should invoke the 25th amendment, the female Dr. Birx is even more pathetically weak than him he’s able to control her mind. Now do Dr. Fauci.  …
Smearing Fauci to own the libs.  …
We stand with Dr. Fauci 
Trump supporters are trashing Dr. Tony Fauci during coronavirus crisis — pushing #FauciFraud  …
Set a reminder for the premiere here  I’ll be there to chat at 9am EST! #coronavirus #COVID19 #Fauci 
When in doubt, ask Dr. Fauci. Full interview:  
Please listen to #Fauci  in  …
More on the far  for Fauci, which is why I wrote my piece yesterday. We have to resist this. @sciencecohen @ScienceMagazine (1/2) 
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci told members of Congress that the early inability to test was “a failing” of the administration’s response to a deadly, global pandemic.  …
I was saying two weeks ago that I feared Fauci would be gone by the end of March. I still hope I’m wrong, but the knives are out for him because he’s the only one who doesn’t obsequiously kiss up to Trump.  …
Very odd? Fergusons coronavirus model corrected, mill's  20k or far fewer deaths? Dr. Fauci Concedes to being wrong about Mortality Rate, closer to a very bad flu? #FakeNewsMedia refuses to cover briefings now that we know @realDonaldTrump was correct all  …
Dont forget that #Fauci pushed harmful untested #vaccine rushed to market in only 4 months for #SwineFlu ---> #Pandrenix Now the subject of MANY, MANY LAWSUITS for adverse effects and harm Fauci also CRIED WOLF, along with #WHO, over SwineFlu & others   …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, dedicated to public service, formed at Jesuit high school. “I take  in knowing that when he speaks that he is speaking the truth and nothing but the truth.“  … via @ncronline
Dr. Fauci has garnered trust from Americans by delivering the blunt truth about COVID-19 based on science and his expert analysis built on decades of experience advising every president since Reagan. @realDonaldTrump should step back and let Fauci lead. 
Joe Biden says his number one concern during the COVID-19 crisis is "misinformation": "Listen to the scientists. Listen to the doctors." "I would respectfully suggest that you should have Dr. Fauci on a lot more than the president."  
Dr. Fauci, an immunologist who has led the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984, has advised every president since Ronald Reagan and encouraged action against the AIDS epidemic in the 1980s 
The campaign against Dr. Fauci stands out because he is one of the world’s leading infectious disease experts and a member of President Trump’s virus task force  
The torrent of falsehoods aimed at discrediting Dr. Anthony Fauci is another example of how some far-right supporters of President Trump regularly vilify those whom they see as opposing him 
“He’s been so attentive to the scientific literature and the data” She is lying. The #pandemic reach of the #coronavirus, has many already being radically affected. Dr Brix, & Dr Fauci re #COVID19, we need u to BREAK RANK & speak to the US people w total honesty and a  …
You are a charming fellow — and embarrassingly wrong. I do listen to Fauci everyday — unfiltered by the media, just his words. I see little conflict between his position and Trump’s and Fauci has indicated there is no inconsistency. Be nice, if you have it in you.  …
TRUMP -- who does not like being overshadowed -- is unlikely to appreciate these results. * Trump had praised FAUCI as a “major television star," but also reportedly chafed at the doctor's push-back.  …
ANTHONY FAUCI gets far higher marks than TRUMP or @MIKE_PENCE when  to coronavirus response, according to a new @FoxNews poll. And state governments get far higher marks than the federal government.  
Dr. Fauci delivers a masterclass in  Trevor Noah asks the right questions.  …
Won't be here much today but can say as one objectively standing back, looking at decisions from macro view- except for push to shut down whole economy by Fauci 2 Mondays ago that Trump QUICKLY re-calibrated from, every decision since SPOT ON. No 1 has bigger picture than Trump
Dr. Anthony Fauci then leading the battle against HIV/AIDS (1981) 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, US #coronavirus Health Specialist backtracks on deadliness of virus, says "mortality rate is closer to that of a bad case of the flu" What are our governments really up to & why is the economy being destroyed?  … #COVID19ireland
If you think Dr. Fauci is a fraud, please unfollow or unfriend me now. You are undercutting America and supporting lies. #FauciFraud
Literally every question I had about Covid-19 was answered by @PhillyD's interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci (physician immunologist, and director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases).  …
Cuomo on Trump's possible quarantine/travel restrictions on New York: "From a medical point of view I don’t know what you would be  Not sure what he's not understanding. Dr. Fauci said cutting travel from China helped limit spread. Same applies to NY now.
Trumpists smear anyone in government who isn’t a sycophant but the effort to disparage Dr Fauci presents a new dimension of lethality, signifying a new stage of hyperpartisan information warfare, as erosion of trust weakens capabilities to fight the virus. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci and Gov. Andrew Cuomo are the most trusted leaders in America on the coronavirus right now. Trump is not.  … via @businessinsider
Fauci's a jelly good fellow: New York donut shop honors coronavirus doctor  …
#payattention Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus death rate like very bad flu  …
If Trump  states, localities, and businesses lift social distancing measures before Easter, Dr. Fauci May have a responsibility to resign and go public with his objections rather than stand on a podium behind Trump and lend his credibility to Trump’s madness. 
Last year we asked Dr. Fauci how to best prevent getting an infectious disease: "The normal, low-tech healthy things are the best thing that you can do." Watch the full interview with the director of NIAID  
Can’t the Democrats somehow give Dr. Fauci a half hour news conference where he can take questions from reporters without Trump or Dr. Birx in attendance? (WE NEED STRAIGHT ANSWERS!)
A lot of people  down hard on Birx but I am willing to give her the benefit of the doubt for the most part right now. We need her and Fauci inside, keeping the president as attached to reality as possible during this pandemic. They can write tell-alls in 2021.  …
He calls Dr. Fauci doctor while Dr. Birx is "Deborah." Its a deliberate minimizing fueled by his hatred of women. All of his speech is peppered with it.
 myself by thinking of my fantasy administration, which would include an all-star team of: Joe Biden - POTUS Kamala Harris - VP Letitia James- SCOTUS And: Andrew Cuomo Adam Schiff Sally Yates Elizabeth Warren Dr. Fauci Pete Buttigieg Who am I missing?
Hydroxychloroquine: Trump says this drug has 'tremendous promise,' but Fauci's not spending money on it - CNN  … No $in chloroquine for Fauci and Phrma pals so he's downplaying its efficacy against covid-19. Rare truth from CNN. . @NJSenDems . @senatenj
Fauci said he's 'willing to bet anything' that people who recover from the new coronavirus are 'really protected from reinfection'  …
Dr. Fauci suggested that a big difference between the US and Italy is that Italy did not shut down travel from China. “They had an open border, they let people in,” Fauci said. But that’s simply wrong. #COVID19  …
Extremely insightful interview between @Trevornoah & Dr. FAUCI on the facts about coronavirus that impact everyone everyday.  …
Hey there, #OklaEd — Take the next 10 mins and watch this interview w/Dr. Fauci  …
I suggest that Trump's online base follow Trump's lead. Go back to work, take the malaria drug if you are sick, look straight at a solar eclipse. I am following Fauci's direction.  …
"Fauci: Private Sector Saved Us On Testing, Govt ‘System’ Can’t Handle It"  … Yes, as our video 
Fauci’s Folly. After 50 years in the DC Swamp, Fauci has  a brain addled bureaucrat who is actively preventing front line medical staff & doctors from saving lives by discouraging the use of cheap & effective promising treatments  … #Covid19
Make no mistake, Dr. “Eeyore” Fauci is no friend of the Trump Administration or the Republican Party. #ChineseCoronaVirus #Fauci #CoronaVirusTaskForce 
I love @Trevornoah and I love Tony Fauci so this is a dream  …
Fauci's a jelly good fellow: New York donut shop honors coronavirus doctor  …
What is the real reason behind @realDonaldTrump mentioning Invoke "P"? Is he calling out Bill Gates? Have Gates and Fauci been working together to keep people sick? Read! @mamazilli @here4trumpQonly @Boconn22  …
FAUCI DONUTS from @DonutCrazyCT. For every one you buy, they’ll donate a donut to a medical 
Watch this timeline of disease expert Dr. Anthony  as the spread of the coronavirus worsened over the last 2 months.  
Part of me wants Dr. Fauci to give Trump an ultimatum. The other part of me knows Dr. Fauci is one truthful word to the American people away from Trump censoring him or firing him. This has to stop. MSM needs to collectively convene the same panel of experts to speak to us.
Thread Who to trust? A) President Trump/Dr. Birx/Dr. Fauci/unbiased scientists B) A vindictive, 2-time loser for Pres invested in Trump’s failure rooting for clinical trials to fail & a 2nd Great Depression. The #Trumpdrugs are already working in mind-blowing fashion. RT
Recently, AIDS activist Larry Kramer e-mailed Anthony Fauci, his one-time adversary. "I'm feeling sorry for how he's being treated," Kramer told the @nytimes's @johnleland. Fauci sent a terse reply: "Hunker down." 
“Fauci’s approach is to humanize science: to tell the truth, but to do so with humility and grace, and to present the science as useful for  values rather than as a tool for fighting about values.”  …
Bannon: Dr. Fauci is not moving on @realDonaldTrump, which is wanting it done yesterday Why are officials playing by standard Administrative State rules? #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
So many warning flags went up. Here’s an early one from 2017 where Dr. Fauci warned the new Trump admin that we are unprepared for bio threats.  …
Upstate New York shop sells 'hundreds' of doughnuts starring Dr. Fauci's face  
High praise to be in Dr  & glad we could help @NIAIDNews @ABC @ABCWorldNews  …
An upstate New York doughnut shop sells hundreds of doughnuts with Dr. Anthony Fauci's face, surrounded by white frosting and topped off with patriotic sprinkles.  #odd
Forget House and Meredith Grey — when I grow up I want to be Dr. Anthony Fauci.
Good morning There is only one day left to grab a shirt featuring my Dr. Fauci drawing One day left!! Order here:  #DoctorsOnlyPressConferences I understand buying stuff is hard right now so a retweet shows just as much support Stay 
You heard it right from Fauci mouth VACCINES SOMETIMES MAKE THE INFECTIONS WORSE!!!! Do NOT ever inject those poisons into u or ur children!!!!! DEATH is always listed as a possible side effect !!!  …
Trevor Noah asked Dr. Fauci every question I’ve wanted to ask a REAL expert. Go watch it it on IG. And tune out from all the other jive. You gonna scare yourself to death, if you don’t.
breakfast with Dr. Fauci the gawd! for every one of these sold, @DonutCrazyCT is sending a donut to our hospital workers here in 
Dr.Fauci : 'There is no proven drug or treatment to prevent this #covid19 Disease...' #myths VankaPro Anthony Fauci separated fact from fiction about the coronavirus in a lengthy interview with Lilly Singh.  … via @HuffPostPol
Adam, with respect, I don't want people to tweet this ad either. Video is manipulated and misleading. False: The ad suggests Fauci made that gesture when Trump discussed availability of testing. Truth: Fauci was reacting, instead, when Trump said "Deep State Department"
I know a physician who is in his 80s, an expert at @UBuffalo. 4 years ago, he persuaded me thoroughly that Medicare for all is the right solution. Last month he told me to listen to Dr. Fauci; that he’s a good man. No shock that these monsters hate him.  …
For every Fauci donut they sell they are sending one to the hospital workers here in CT.
Fauci: The Response Of Trump Admin Has Been Impressive, I Can't Imagine Anybody Could Be Doing More  …
#ImTryingToStay informed, which is why I mute the TV until Dr. Fauci starts talking. 
Outstanding conversation. Steph Curry asks all the key questions and Dr. Fauci gives straightforward answers. Please watch this and share. It will be 30 minutes well-spent.  …
Trump has to HATE new Fox News poll: In terms of approval in handling the coronavirus he gets lower #s  to Mike Pence and MUCH lower than Democratic governors and Dr. Fauci. Trump is doing worst job in US of all federal and state officials! 
This is news the #FakeNews won’t report Please pass it around & throw it in the faces of those FAKE reporters WOW! Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu  …
Mr. Anthony Fauci.  …
Anthony Fauci Hits Younger People With A Stark Coronavirus Reality Check | Via: Huffpost  …
So here’s what the Q team does and it trips a lot people up (on all sides) They take someone who’s been involved in shady shit and uses them as pawns against the Deepstate (Either Freed or Forced it really doesn’t matter) Lindsey, Mueller, Fauci (many more) #QAnon  …
Prepare For Outbreaks Like New York's In Other States, Warns Anthony Fauci | Via: NPR  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci separated fact from fiction about the coronavirus in a lengthy myth-busting interview. He  misconceptions and rumors about the strength & spread of the virus that has now sickened more than half a million people worldwide.  …
My suspicion is that soon, perhaps in six weeks or so, we will look back on this past week and realize that President Trump holding a Covid-19 press conference with Attorney General Barr and without Dr. Anthony Fauci was a bit of a tell. 
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci separated fact from Trump’s Lies about #coronavirus in a lengthy myth-busting interview with Lilly Singh. When he hears this Trump will shit his pants, with a resultant collapse of his head.  … via @HuffPostPol
Dr. Fauci Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu ... Quote: “The case fatality rate is far, far lower than we’ve been lead to believe” ⁦  …
Per Fauci the mortality rates may  down. This is why more widespread testing is important. The more data we have the the more we will know.  …
We’ve known about Chloroquine’s effectiveness since 2005 when it was tested on SARS-COV, but NOW we are being told it has to be tested and is not proven?? @realDonaldTrump says it is a game changer, but Fauci says not so fast? WHAT IS GOING ON? #Covid_19 #tellthetruth  …
Last year we asked Dr. Fauci how to best prevent getting an infectious disease: "The normal, low-tech healthy things are the best thing that you can do." Watch the full interview with the director of NIAID  
A nod to my dad, cardiologist Dr Dennis DeSilvey- still sees patients 40 hours a week in Downeast Maine- won’t retire until there’s someone else to care for the rural folk and fishermen- in residency with Fauci and notes he “makes a damn fine marinara” (of course he does)- my 
Dr Fauci says warm temperatures may kill off the #Coronavirus. So happy #SouthCarolina is having our first weekend in the 90's! #COVID19 #CoronaLockdown #Covid_19
Dr #Fauci & me @AmericanThinker  The #MSM went bonkers when I wrote about him @JohnBWellsCTM @diana_west_ #CoronaLockdown #coronavirustruth #SteveHiltonx @SaraCarterDC @dbongino @tracybeanz #TaskForce #KAG2020 #POTUS45 @CeliaFarber #NIH #COVID19 #tcot 
#ICanNotDieBefore Dr. Fauci sees this song I made about him. 
I admire Trevor & Dr Fauci immensely. It is a privilege to observe them have this important conversation. You’re right, Trinity. Everyone should take the time to watch this interview between two highly intelligent, caring, people. #oneVoice1 #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 @wtp__2020
Dr. Anthony Fauci delivered a crash course in everything you need to know about the coronavirus pandemic 
This photo shows an appalling lack of leadership in fighting the #COVID19 pandemic. Every opportunity should be taken to show the importance of social distancing. Doctors’ Fauci and Birx should be ashamed of themselves too. They should know better & need to lead  …
Anthony Fauci Debunks Biggest Coronavirus Myths: From Antidotes To Vaccines  …
Interviews with Dr. Fauci, Marc Short, and now partnered to do this. I fucking love   …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: President Trump's desire to reopen the country by Easter is an "aspirational projection"  
Instead of talking about what's happening with the virus, Fauci has to scold the stupid fake news media. These people are such losers  …
Dr. Fauci Favors Potential 14-Day National Shutdown  …
Want to Save the Economy? Listen to Fauci, Not Trump. || via: thedailybeast  …
Dr. Fauci has been "so kind and helpful," says @NYGovCuomo, who receives advice from Fauci day and night. I call him late at night. I call him in the middle of the night ... he's been really a friend to me personally and the state of New York." 
If you were privileged to watch the interview of Dr #Fauci of the @NIAIDNews with @Trevornoah in @TheDailyShow,you will be more enlightened to understand that even the two weeks lockdown will not solve the problem.
Fauci is a national treasure. (Also, Trevor Noah.) His interview with @StephenCurry30 is also  …
This interview of Dr. Tony Fauci by @Trevornoah on the @TheDailyShow is a treasure. Noah asking all the questions that are circulating on social media, Fauci giving science-based answers without interruption or contradiction. Just perfect. 
The ENTIRE COVID-19 FREAKOUT is premised upon a CFR of 3.5 which has long since been debunked, even by Dr. Fauci, who now claims it is .1%, similar to the flu. It's like still calling Trump racist over his  Thoroughly debunked but we still go there.
I have one simple question. WHY is COVID-19 being treated SO much differently than H1N1, a pandemic that by any measure was a FAR worse outbreak which threatened a much broader swath of society? We have Fauci on tape scoffing at H1N1 in 2009. What is REALLY going on?
Anthony Fauci Hits Younger People With A Stark Coronavirus Reality Check || Via: Huffpost  …
Prepare For Outbreaks Like New York's In Other States, Warns Anthony Fauci || Via: NPR  …
Between doing interviews with Barstool, Comedy Central and pro athletes, Fauci and rest of task force have done an excellent job reaching people outside traditional media. They understand that if you want people to listen to your message, you've got to meet them where they're at  …
Dr Fauci joins NBA star Stephen Curry for coronavirus Q&A – video  …
Never trust a desperate man.... He’s trying to save himself from the storm  WOW! Dr. #Fauci in New England Journal of Med Concedes the #Coronavirus #MortalityRate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu  … via @gatewaypundit
Classic case of how rich people are extremely unaware and out of touch with what goes on with the normies. Reason why the Steph/Fauci interview was so important. Nobody cares about basketball player tiktok dances right now mannn  …
Dr Fauci is "grounded in humility and humanity: he uses plain language; he admits uncertainties and failings...he refuses to make the science overtly political; he is gracious and cautious when offering corrections." Sana ol.  …
Make no mistake. They know who Fauci is. 
In case you missed Trump's presser today Trump: I'm doing a great job cutie pie. Inslee and that Woman are nasty. Why does NYC need so many ventilators Dr. Birx: The media blew this hoax all out of proportion Dr. Fauci: Please for the love of GOD...someone help me!!! Got it?
#laughteristhebestmedicine Just putting it out there as Dr Fauci would have done . 
Don't be like Dr. Fauci and me. Practice social distancing! 
"On a net basis, Fauci is doing more harm than good unless he stands up to Trump more forthrightly and consistently," writes 
Fauci loves Hillary: within the WikiLeaks HRC email files there are letters from Dr. Fauci to Hillary Clinton through her aid/lawyer Cheryl Mills: “rarely does a speech bring me to tears”?… “please tell her I love her more than ever”… “please tell her that we all love her”…
I'm glad Dems aren't there. Don't want them to get ill. Too many vectors in that group. I fear for Fauci. He's no spring chicken.
Anyone have source documents reflecting who owns Fauci?  …
Dr. Fauci was the guy who came in from the left, head down, and reached for the pen with his whole arm outstretched. There's also a photo that shows Fauci way away from everyone else. Think he knows something they don't know?
Dr. Anthony Fauci made his first late-night appearance on @TrevorNoah's 'The Daily Social Distancing Show' Thursday night, where they discussed the latest developments in the coronavirus pandemic  
What? In this video from early Jan, 2020, Dr. Fauci says new Corona virus does NOT spread from human to human. He says health care workers don't get it from patients. In another interview in early FEB he said near zero risk to Americans no need for masks.  …
The next Tony Fauci.  …
I wish I lived in a country where Dr. Fauci had at least half the balls of Marie Yovanovitch, Fiona Hill, Sally Yates, Christine Blasey Ford, or Stormy Daniels.
Trump doesn’t even know what ‘granularity’ is. We now know you’re a Trump hack. Bring back Dr. Fauci ! Out with Dr. Birx , sycophant  …
Tony Fauci & Deborah Birx in increasingly untenable positions, dangerous to their esteemed reputations, as each risks  an ornamental stagehand to Trump’s catastrophes  …
Trump asks ARod for pandemic advice and probably asked Dr. Fauci who would win this year’s World Series. Not sure this country will make it to November....  …
I think Trump should get Anthony Fauci's advice on the Yankees' lineup.
Dr. Fauci has the best theory. It will go dormant during the summer  back strong in the fall, similar to the flu.
Dr. Anthony Fauci Talks Coronavirus Misconceptions With Trevor Noah 
There are numerous studies of Hydroxycloroquine. The guy in France is considered the top guy in the field and the results were excellent. Yet Fauci (huge Hillary supporter), Dem Governors, and Mainstream Media trying to suppress its use in USA. Beginning to smell a rat.
Dr. Anthony Fauci on coronavirus on March 26: "The case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza"  …
Trump: This corona stuff will blow over. Easter tops. Dr. Fauci: 
can Dr. Fauci do a passable A-Rod impression because I think I have an idea here  …
Dr. Fauci Answers Trevor’s Questions About Coronavirus | The Daily Social Distancing Show. This is worth watching.  …
I'm going to say this again.. Look and watch. Just about every person in the spotlight has shown panic. - The Governors - Celebs - The media - Politicians Shoot! Even Dr. Fauci. Despite this all, have you seen Trump, yet, to look like he wasn't in control? TRUST PRAY BUCKLE UP
Dr. Anthony Fauci Backtracks On Deadliness Of Virus  … 
Birx's credibility is totally shot. CDC has been sidelined. HHS has been sidelined. CMS has been sidelined. if Fauci gets pushed out, we are so screwed.  …
Dr. Fauci and Honest Abe demonstrate the rules of "social distancing." 
Dr. Fauci has not gone to the Dark Side yet and is the only one giving us any factual information right now. But not sure how long he will last. The Flaming Yam doesn’t like facts worth a flying fuck.
Demoness Betsy DeVos and subpar economist Peter Navarro were given a platform today in the Coronavirus Briefing to speak. That should be enough for you to never watch that propaganda nonsense. I only ever want to hear from Dr. Fauci.
Why not TRY it for a day? Cut to the briefing when Fauci or Birx speak, edit what the president just opened with for actual substance while they're speaking, and then show the newsworthy parts when they're done. Gets all the substance, avoids airing lies and propaganda live.  …
I knew she had zero credibility the minute she got the job. You don't work for Trump unless you're willing to sell your soul and credibility. Even Fauci is succumbing to the golden calf. Sad.
Dr. Fauci again looks like he would rather be somewhere else.
Steve Kerr reacts to Stephen Curry's Q&A with Dr. Anthony Fauci on COVID-19.  …
Names I will forever remember as heroes from the #COVID19 pandemic: Anthony Fauci. Howard Zucker. Oxiris Barbot. Demetre Daskalakis. And now Dr. Craig Smith.  …
Shouldn’t Dr. Fauci be focused on treating people with coronavirus versus marketing vaccines for Big Pharma?
I really thought this was an Onion headline. I had to click on your bio to make sure you were real. We have some of the best scientists, Dr. Fauci, multiple renowned doctors from the best national institutions he could call. But he called AROD? JLO? is JaRule next? WTAF AROD?
CW: OCD trigger Fauci just said "Wash your hands, literally in an  way," annd.... I understand the message that he was trying to portray BUT this virus has done a lot to hit the  hard. Now is not the time.
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia  …
As Dr Anthony Fauci has said: "You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline." (5/15) 
Fauci in charge of @NIH Allergy research for past 20 YEARS!!! Allergies have grown exponentially in that time & Fauci achieved NOTHING! Peanut, gluten etc allergies rampant &amp; Fauci’s research dismal failure.  …
Stop everything and watch this interview. Amazing questions and honest, straightforward answers. Thank you @TheDailyShow!!! (And, of course, Dr. Fauci)  …
These #CoronaVirus task force pressers are a MAGAsturbatory shitshow. #Trump is useless. Stopped watching. Especially since #Birx has turned into an ass-kisser & #Fauci has been neutered. Just listen to #Cuomo now. @CNN & @MSNBC must stop airing these makeshift rallies... #COVID19
All of the answers you need. Right here. Straight from Dr. Fauci. I hope this man gets every civilian honor possible after this is all over. 
Listen to Dr. Fauci. Not Trump. Not other politicians. Not media hosts. Fauci. Only. Fauci.  …
MUST SEE VIDEO Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of NIAID, is predictably shining a spotlight on risky and uncertain coronavirus vaccines that may not be available for two years, rather than prioritizing the short-term therapies that patients need right now.”  …
I am beyond angry. I am furious. This administration does not facilitate states as Dr Fauci says is the role. This administration's obstructs, impedes & actually tells vendors not to sell to Michigan. Illegal, immoral, & insane to boot! 
They don’t have the support of their editors. They should boycott these carnivals and interview Fauci separately.
Dr. Fauci said tonight we are in "unchartered waters" and have not seen anything like this "before in our generation". Pence promptly stopped the news conference.
Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, connects with @PhillyD to answer some of his audience's questions about coronavirus →  
She did a toned down matinee of her performance from yesterday. Dr. Fauci just calmly walks up & says, “ I want to clarify, & what I am sure Dr. Birx meant to say was, we will make sure that these sites get the equipment and supplies they need.” Done Walks away from mic
Governor Cuomo just applauded the President...it’s sickening but I understand... he is trying to save NY. Maybe someday he will be to speak his truth. It’s unimaginable that all of these Governors have to deal with Trump and walk that tightrope. Just like DR. Fauci and DR. Birx.
America elected a reality show host as president and now we’re all contestants on survivor. This administration’s response to the #COVID19 pandemic has been abysmal. Thank God for ppl like Dr. Fauci, the medical professionals, and the folks on the frontlines of this fight.
The word "unprecedented" has been used repeatedly since the 2016 election. But, today, Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984, uses the term in a way that has new weight. "This truly is unprecedented," he said of coronavirus.
Dr. Fauci on coronavirus: "This is something that we have never seen before at least in our generation...We are really being challenged to not only learn in real time, to be able to respond in a way that is helpful and effective. But we are also in unchartered waters."
Dr. Fauci, who has worked on HIV, SARS,Ebola etc and other viruses for 40 years, just said this coronavirus is “unprecedented” —- meaning, I think, a more difficult challenge and I suppose in part because so widespread?
March 26: Dr. Fauci announced the Federal Government is working  to speed up production of potential #coronavirus vaccines while those drugs are still in the trial phase
Can we have daily briefings with just Trevor Noah, Dr. Fauci, and no one else? Please? - Upworthy  …
Dr. Fauci pretty much just threw Dr. Birx under the whole bus and backed up over her in two precise sentences.... but she payed herself in traffic.
It would really help if the media would only direct their questions to Dr. Fauci.
Now @cspan has Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx on what data is showing.
I low-key hope Dr. Fauci doesn't speak at today's briefing. I don't want him anywhere near Sonny Perdue.
This is also why he refers to Dr. Brix by her first name, Deborah. It's infuriating, he says Dr. Fauci, but never Dr. Brix. I'm certain he is bullying her ferociously behind the scenes which is why she's been out front carrying his water on TV interviews.
The Borowitz Report: “Dr. Fauci Reports That Alcohol May Help People Survive Coronavirus Briefings” #satire  
Trump leaves press conference.  to podium. MSNBC cuts away, says they will go back when Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx speaks. They shouldn’t even show Trump, but this is a good start. #MasksNow
I’ve stopped watching these pressers. I’ll read the transcripts, but only Dr. 
MSNBC cutting away from Pence with the note they will break back into the presser live if Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx begin talking. Pence officially D listed.
As President Trump speaks highly of hydroxychloroquine, Dr. Fauci covers his face with his hand again. He's seated off camera on the side of the briefing room.
Fauci Comes Forward, Crushes Left's Narrative on Trump's Supposedly Dangerous Easter 'Deadline'  …
Steph Curry’s 30-minute interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci, conducted via Instagram Live, is “one of the most concise and accessible public-education efforts available,” @dstfelix 
Fauci go ahead and tackle him now
Why is this buffoon talking instead of President Fauci?
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia Let's not forget Fauci has also a million$relation with Bill Gates.  …
I hope...whenever this all is over....Dr. Fauci receives the nation’s highest honors. He’s like the Grandpa I never knew....but I now know I must listen to everything he tells me. I’m so grateful for his knowledge and experience in this time. 
Can we have daily briefings with just Trevor Noah, Dr. Fauci, and no one else? Please?  
Asked if Americans will have to live in quarantine for months, "I hope not," says Pres Trump. Says he hopes it can end much sooner. Asked if he'll renew his 15-day isolation period that ends Monday, he said he'll be discussing it with his Coronavirus experts including Dr Fauci. 
Tucker Carlson called him and told him his ratings are up because voters think he's listening to Fauci and Birx and will tank the minute they think he's not.  …
TRUMP SAYS HE’LL SIT DOWN MONDAY OR TUESDAY WITH HEALTH OFFICIALS BIRX AND FAUCI TO TALK ABOUT REOPENING PARTS OF THE COUNTRY
???Will you change  Monday?? I will sit down with many people including Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx we will be making a decision... ??how long do we have to live like this..?? it depends on a lot of things including where you live.
Do what Dr. Fauci tells you to do!  …
Trump appears to have cut an ad featuring Dem governors, Morning Joe, Dana Bash and Dr. Fauci heaping praise on him  …
Move over Dr. Briz and Dr. Fauci - Elrond's other daughter Aowen haz some brilly thotz about epidemiology.  …
Trump needs to call Tony Fauci by his title. He needs to be Dr. Fauci instead of belittling him. It's a Trump tactic to elevate himself.
Dr. Fauci is so admired, Bob Dylan just sent him a 3 minute radio edit of his new song!
Dr. Anthony Fauci: The Private Sector Saved Us On Coronavirus Testing, Government ‘System’ Couldn’t Handle It  …
#ClintonFoundation #Fauci #Tedros #WHO Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation  …
I’m watching Trump’s coronavirus propaganda press conference so you don’t have to. Trump looks weaker and more orange than I’ve ever seen him. His voice is deep and raspy. He’s very tired, talking slow. Betsy DeVos is there. Dr. Fauci looking on from the side of room. #MasksNow
Dr. Anthony Fauci applauds coronavirus relief bill: “this is what America is all about” 
Nobody wants to hear from @POTUS, Betsy and Bookend Pence. We want Dr. Fauci. Credible information, not self-promotion and campaign rally. #PresserCOVID19
Fauci: The Response Of Trump Admin Has Been Impressive, I Can't Imagine Anybody Could Be Doing More  …
It would be a shame if they* caught the virus. *Fauci 
Two Days ago Dr. Fauci with others wrote a paper on coronavirus. Shockingly it is nowhere on MSM. Why? Fauci says that COVID19 may be just like the flu and have a 0.1% mortality rate. When will they tell us? ht/ @mizdonna & @BlackJackBoGre1  
Fauci on the end with the “I can not fucking believe I’m part of this clown show” face. 
Man, Fauci is pretty freaking awesome. Also, this is very good.  …
From Anthony Fauci in the New England Journal of medicine: "On the basis of a case definition requiring a diagnosis of pneumonia, the currently reported case fatality rate is approximately 2%"  …
FAUCI: "This suggests overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of severe seasonal flu (which has case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or pandemic flu (similar to those in 1957 and 1968)..."  …
Dr Fauci looks like his family is being held prisoner in the Maralago pool pump room.  …
Dr. Fauci Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu -  …
SUNDAY: Dr. Anthony Fauci joins @jaketapper LIVE on #CNNSOTU. Hope you join 
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia Has Trump flipped him or is he part of the Swamp still?  …
Dr. Fauci praises the bipartisan efforts in ensuring Americans get some much needed economic relief. 
Dr. Fauci and WHO Director Dr. Tedros are both connected to Clinton Foundation graft accusations. Dr Tedros, China President Xi and Foreign Minister Wang Yi, huddle on 1/28/20 to discuss the Worldwide Wuhan Virus release implications.  … via @gatewaypundit
President Trump has just signed the #CARESact into law & help is on the way to Hoosiers. I applaud @POTUS, @VP, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx, and all of our nation’s leaders who brought us together to provide critical relief in this time of need.
Dr. Anthony Fauci applauds coronavirus relief bill: “this is what America is all about”  
Fauci doesn’t want to be close to such rotten souls. COVID-19 is the excuse. 
If you weren’t able to join us this morning for @Lilly new video, be sure to check it out now! Dr. Fauci debunks myths surrounding COVID-19 and Lilly joins @UNICEF to help raise money for children and 
I don't think I would limit myself to 1 question. I would just jump up and yell STOP FUCKING LYING every time he spoke. Then I would interrupt him and ask the exact same question to Fauci so he'd have to correct him asap.
WOW! Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci has just released a paper where he admits COVID-19 is no worse than a severe flu based upon asymptomatic and mild cases which have not been tested. If we now have 1 million cases which would match H1N1 at this point, CFR is .1%, equal to flu.  …
The Friday PDS is Up! We had Dr. Fauci on today to answer your questions about coronavirus, what happens next, and what we must do. Go watch now!  
The President just signed the $2-Trillion economic relief bill - and is picking up and handing out ceremonial pens to everyone in the room. Including the public health experts, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx.
Full interview with @NIAIDNews Director Dr. Anthony Fauci: 
Dr. Anthony Fauci on the dangers of self-medicating with hydroxychloroquine for coronavirus: 
Dr. Anthony Fauci: “Right now, today, as we speak, there is no proven, safe and effective direct therapy for coronavirus disease. For sure.” Fauci is for humanity. Any other MAGA official is a liar.
Yes. I trust Dr. Birx I do not trust Fauci.  …
Fauci at bill signing... I guarantee you lot of Dems are unhappy about that. This is not the time to care about such things.
DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT believe Dr. Birx! She’s a Trumpster who agrees with Trump when he doesn’t believe how many ventilators are needed. I suspected this about her when I read her body language when she’s around Trump! She’s scared to death of him! Believe Dr, Fauci!
THATS RIGHT DR FAUCI KEEP THAT SOCIAL DISTANCING SHOW THIS IDIOTS HOW IT IS DONE 
Let us know when Dr.  on. Otherwise, most governors' updates are far better than yours. They are informative. They are fact-based. And unlike you, they know how to speak  correct English sentences.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top doctor on infectious diseases has been on the front lines during the coronavirus pandemic. Thank you, Dr. Fauci, for being a driving force during the COVID-19 pandemic and working tirelessly to keep us safe. 
So, let me get this straight. In other words, when Dr. Fauci said we're all going to get this virus -- then why are we all locked up in quarantine? If we are all going to get this virus, let's get it over with already. If not in a high-risk group, get back to life!
Dr. Anthony Fauci On Coronavirus Without Trump Next To Him Covering Things Up Message = Social Distancing & Listen To The State(Not Fed) 
Dr. Anthony Fauci co-authored an article published Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine predicting the fatality rate for the coronavirus will turn out to be like that of a "severe seasonal influenza." SO WHY THE MASS HYSTERIA  …
Is the virus airborne? Are face masks effective? How long does the virus live on surfaces? Thank you to our Goodwill Ambassador @Lilly for laying out the facts about #COVID19 with Dr. Fauci and raising lifesaving funds for our coronavirus response.  …
100% backwards. 1-Not everyone underreacted. 2-Initial Fauci response exactly what should be criticized. His job to be on top of this. 3-Trump initial reaction bad, but by all accounts has done almost everything possible recently. As always, must separate words from actions.  …
Extraordinary new video from @ChildrensHD puts this debate in its proper context. Game changer. Please share with all of your networks. Even the biggest vaccine promoters in the world are wary of Fauci's quest for a profitable coronavirus vaccine. 
Juz sayin': while NYC is the worst hot spot for Covid-19, five of the top officials working on stemming the disease are New Yorkers -- Trump, Mnuchin, Schumer, Cuomo, Fauci.  …
Dr. Fauci calls @realDonaldTrump’s Easter timeline for opening up the country ASPIRATIONAL. I’d prefer to call it DELUSIONAL. #TrumpLiesAmericansDie #TrumpVirus #COVIDIDIOT
Dr Fauci and the real truth about CoronaVirus. Please Retweet for all to see.  …
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia. very interesting, I hope and pray Dr. Fauci cares for the people and is telling President Trump the truth.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci helps dispel some of the Coronavirus misinformation with Trevor Noah. 
It's time: Dr. Fauci needs to stand up to Trump (via 
Sometimes over information leads to WRONG information which means NO information ..Try an consider sources ... wit that said I think u should watch that Trevor Noah Interview w/ DR. Fauci please .. straight to the point and easy to digest
Meet the cancer on the Right. Conspiracy theorists are undermining coronavirus expert Dr. Fauci. Conservatives need to do a better job stopping their audience from sipping Bill Mitchell's stupid juice.  …
America's response to Coronavirus crisis...? Therapeutic drugs? Vaccines? Dr. Fauci is predictably shining a spotlight on risky & liability free coronavirus vaccines that are 2 yrs away, rather than prioritizing short-term therapies patients need now.  …
lead FAUCI lead #ListenToTheDoctors #scientists  …
If you watch nothing else today, please take the time to watch this 10 minute interview with pandemic expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci. Dr. Fauci speaks plainly and clearly on #COVID19. It’s of the most informative interviews out there thanks to @Trevornoah &  …
Earlier this week, Steph Curry livestreamed a Q&A with Anthony Fauci to present a younger audience with information about COVID-19,  the latest in a line of figures from the basketball world to spread awareness about the pandemic. 
Dr. Fauci explains that Trump has NEVER gone against scientific advice. I wonder if the CCP is paying @HillaryClinton to blatantly lie or if she’s doing it for shits & grins   …
If you actually think Trump is right and Fauci is wrong about anything medical or science-related, you're a special kind of stupid. (PAYWALL ARTICLE).  …
So, it turns out... Tedros Adhanom, the head of the WHO is  dirtbag. Surprised? Dr Fauci recently praised Tedros. Surprised? IT'S A SCAM, PEOPLE 
Regardless of what Fauci says, I don't believe and trust 45 to actually listen to science and experts rather than act in his own selfish interests.
There isn't a vaccine yet. But if one watched this ad, they might think there is  soon. Fauci has made clear it's at least a year away.  …
Hey! Going to try to get this Friday PDS with Dr. Fauci out to you at the regular time in 2 hours. But if it’s late 
As Trump prepares to restart the economy, his supporters attack and discredit Dr. Fauci. This will not end well.  …
As much as Trump has learned from Fauci and Birx about infectious disease it is obvious they learned a thing or two from him.
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia  … via @gatewaypundit
It's the end for Deborah Birx. She had a chance to be a pandemic hero like Dr. Fauci and Gov. Cuomo. She blew it.
Dr. Fauci brilliantly sums up the point of my column "Trump vs. The Globalists" with his statement it was the PRIVATE SECTOR that fixed the Coronavirus Test problem, NOT the Government system that had utterly failed! h/t:  …
Hillary admitted to two felonies, destroying evidence and obstructing justice, when she destroyed the emails. So how could ppl like Buffet & Cuban & Fauci - who knew she was a felon - support her anyway? Maybe due to the flip side of TDS - media forgiveness & deification of her.
This is an eye opener. Fauci a black hat? Somethings afoot, Watson! 
I tweeted about Dr Fauci as well. He’s a true public servant who has been amazing  …
Thank you @Lilly and Dr Fauci, for debunking myths about #COVID19 and getting the key facts out for everyone to know so we can stop the virus from spreading further.  …
Dr. Fauci admires Hillary and thinks she'd have made a great president. Regardless of his medical knowledge, no one who can be persuaded of this should have the kind of responsibility Fauci does.
America really needs Fauci and Birx - upon whom the country is depending - not to say the things about Trump that he himself has clearly demonstrated not to be true. It hurts their credibility and makes people start distrust the actual adults in the room.  …
Fauci is put at a sideline, Birxs is paid a lot of money and is on the Trump team and now the way is clear for Jared!  …
Thank you Dr Fauci and Trevor Noah @TheDailyShow for this very important interview with such clear and useful information on #COVID19 and why #stayhome is so  …
"Fauci and .. Dr. Deborah Birx have  targets for political attacks from allies of the administration who are not qualified health advisers and don’t know what they are talking about. This is unacceptable." @hholdenthorp @ScienceMagazine today  
How long does Fauci last? Or will he go the way of Doctor Birx?
Dr. Fauci is 79 years old. Mind blown. Thought he was like 60.
Here’s my next editorial on the bipartisan support for Tony Fauci and the need for rhetoric that supports international collaboration. Quoting Bill Roper @UNC_System and @ScottGottliebMD. @juliettekayyem @Atul_Gawande  …
Dr. Fauci Confirms His Friendship with WHO Director General Dr. Tedros, Both Are Connected to the Clinton Foundation in Ethiopia  …
Dr. Fauci of coarse. 
Bannon: To get through this crisis with as little capital wasted & as few human lives destroyed, hydroxychloroquine is going to be part of solution. It's incumbent upon us; #Fauci needs to get it done yesterday. #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus  
C’mon, America, seriously. I mean, why would you wanna waste time with an  and globally respected scientist like Dr. Anthony Fauci when you’ve got the dweeb-in-chief right here to save your bacon?  …
Video premieres in 7 minutes! Join now to learn the facts about COVID19 from Dr. Fauci himself! Let's spread the CORRECT information x  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "When you have a situation when the cases  to tomorrow is increased dramatically and then the next days entries increase dramatically, that's no time to pull back." 
Time to bench Dr. Birx and let Dr. Fauci do all the talking from this point forward. She has no credibility left.
Brix is like Bill Barr while Fauci is an upgraded Mueller.
I sat down and asked Dr. Anthony Fauci from the @NIH some tough questions on the #coronavirus #pandemic Tune in @YouTube this Sunday 9am EST! @ytcreators @CDCgov 
Dr. Birx is much more willing to be a Trump sycophant than Dr. Anthony Fauci.  …
I knew Italy had bastardized their once first class leather industry to the Chinese causing that travel connection. So did every leader there. Still our MSM is not talking about it. Why. Friend of Hillary>>Fauci, should be thrown out of the WH.  …
Can anyone find me a picture of Fauci partying with Republicans because I've seen about 10 of him partying with Democrats.
Dr. Fauci has maintained his presence on the task force by bolstering his credibility with the public and telling them the blunt truth. He's gained leverage by doing that. No ridiculous sycophantic praise was necessary. Everyone knows this is false. Why is Dr. Birx saying it?  …
UK’s equivalent of the Surgeon General is now possibly #COVID19 infected. This is much bigger deal than UK PM Boris Johnson being infected cuz you would think the chief medical officer is more careful than Boris Johnson. I just hope this epidemic doesn’t infect Dr Fauci later  …
Right now, COVID-19 is like a normal flu season. The normal flu kills 10's of thousands. Of course, this is taxing our resources because we already had a normal flu season. Even Dr. Doom Fauci is admitting that COVID-19's CFR is likely around .1%, just like the seasonal flu.
It  for people like Fauci to know their stuff, but to not understand risk of events. Same with epidemiologists as we saw. The carpenter fallacy: to get an ideas about probabilities of tail sequences at roulette, hire a probabilist not a carpenter.  …
Is Dr. Fauci an “anti-vaxxer” or is he saying what millions of moms already know? 
Listen to experts, they say, not politicians. Okay. Here's Dr. Fauci: "This suggests that overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of severe seasonal influenza (which has CFR of approx 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza"  …
Hey Fauci? Stop saying Hydroxycloroquine is ‘Anecdotal’, as if it’s no better than taking M&M’s. If that were the case we wouldn’t be facing a WORLDWIDE shortage. Dr’s have EVERY right to Rx this to their pt’s if warranted. #FOffFauci #ChineseVirus 
STOP CONTRADICTING THE PRESIDENT ON CNN DR DOOM! - Fauci Downplays Easter Target to Reopen Economy -- Not Yet ‘Time to Pull Back‘  … via @BreitbartNews
Well, that’s it. She’s officially gone to the dark side of praising and defending the mad king. Fauci’s the only one left standing his ground.
Want to get all the facts about COVID-19? Be sure to tune in to watch @Lilly interview Dr. Fauci in ONE hour! We’re premiering right now so go and grab a spot in the chat! #TeamSuper you can also donate to @UNICEF to help children and families 
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
. @Lilly busts some of the  coronavirus myths with Dr. Fauci. Join her for the Premiere at 11am PT →  
Yeah, I saw this. There's definitely some stuff going on behind the scenes. Trump and Pence are doing a good job promoting Chloroquine, and Fauci seems to be gravitating toward power like the government functionary he is  …
And now Dr Fauci stands alone. Birx got the Trump tattoo. And lost all credibility at the same time.
Dr. Fauci's capacity to go on Hannity one night, do a video with Steph Curry and then go on Trevor Noah shows some real savviness on his behalf of knowing where to reach people.  …
"But fittingly, Curry chose a unique approach. He drew the attention and set up Fauci. Because he’s a point guard, the exact kind needed in these times." @ThompsonScribe @TheAthletic  …
I've been saying #DeborahBirx is a MAGA sycophant for a couple of weeks. It was obvious early on in her demeanor and sucking up to tRump at the podium. We can trust Dr. Fauci - he's anything but a sellout like Birx.
the denialism of this simple curve and our (US) lack of learning from a region that was hit months before us is striking the same people who are assailing Fauci now 
Are you sick and tired of Dr. Doom Fauci going on CNN and contradicting President Trump?
Yesterday was a monumental day in the fight against COVID19. @StephenCurry30's chat w/ Dr. Fauci presented facts that were easy to digest for everyone. It's received 40K+ HOURS of watch time across his social channels. That's 4.6 years of consumption! Keep sharing! #RuinTheGame
Love that Dr. Fauci is using every possible venue to educate the American public. This is what a physician leader and educator looks like in the 21st century! #COVID19 #MedEd 
I think Fauci is an ass. He nvr backs Trump up, always has a minor quibble or smug correction. He treats POTUS w irony, which is how an ass shows disrespect. (Fauci also refuses to call it "China" or "Wuhan" virus but has no prob naming all other viruses after point of origin.)
And Dr Birx is a test. If they can turn public sentiments against her and her expertise in the field because “Orange Man Bad” then they can do it to Fauci. And they will. And they’ll continue to do it to any expert who doesn’t agree with them and their tactics
Personally I’d use the word “FUCKING delusional”. Maybe it’s just me “Fauci Says Trump’s Call For Country To Open Up By Easter Is ‘Aspirational’”  …
Prepare For Outbreaks Like New York's In Other States, Warns Anthony Fauci | Via NPR  …
Fauci doughnuts giving new meaning to the phrase “comfort food” (sold in Rochester, NY) 
@NYGovCuomo is the only one, aside from Dr. Fauci, that I listen to anymore.
The “p” is soul-crushing Pain in the Fauci Pain Scale 
So now MAGA’s are saying that Dr. Fauci is part of a deep state conspiracy? Seriously? This man graduated head of his class at Cornell! Unbelievable.  …
Young people have a responsibility to protect themselves, and a societal and moral responsibility to protect other people. Full interview with Dr. Fauci:  
I’m guessing that Team Trump knew Chloroquine would work but they didn’t have extensive testing or the time for it so they had FDA create  use loophole and sent Trump and Fauci in front of the cameras to do their good cop bad cop routine. Which baited the media.
INFORMATION IS POWER - Did you know the relationship of DR Fauci with Hillary? Go to the author of this video to see the embedded information. It's always good to know who the people are who are advising us, right? 
Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, speaks to @TheDailyShow to bust myths about coronavirus and break down why adhering to public health guidelines is so important. Watch the full interview →  
She senses an opportunity to push Fauci out and take his spot. I hope the damage to your soul is worth it, Dr. Birx.
Dr. Fauci writes in the New England Journal of Medicine that mortality rates of Coronavirus are more like a “bad flu”  
Steph Curry's IG live with Dr. Fauci (the nation's leading expert on infectious diseases) is a must watch.  It's informative, insightful, and helpful. Thank you 
This is why I only trust Dr Fauci. Dr Birx's eager enabling of Trump's worst delusions puts millions of Americans at risk. Whatever her intentions, he will only drag her down to his level then call her a Deep State Agent when she fails his loyalty test, because #ETTD.
You want to resist moving Birx from the Fauci column to the Pence column, but very hard to avoid that conclusion!  …
Think America has reached point where Fauci can shove @realDonaldTrump out of way & take over. Press will follow Fauci out of briefing room & leave Trump standing there with his sycophants. Everyone wants honest information from someone who actually cares whether they live or die
Oy, “earliest hope for vaccine is likely towards the end of 2021” says Novartis CEO. This is much later than Dr Fauci’s 12-18 months horizon. I’m hopeful for Feb 2021, that many others are saying.  …
Good morning to ONLY Dua Lipa and Anthony Fauci.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, in 1981, leading the battle against HIV/AIDS. #thankyou #hero #doctor #drfauci #staysafe #stayhome #covid19 #coronavirus #throwback #tbt 
“Even though you are young, you are not absolutely invulnerable,” Dr. Fauci told “The Daily Show.” Young people defying stay-at-home orders are getting sick from the coronavirus—even those without other health conditions—and are landing in hospital ICUs.  …
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
Is it any wonder he features her so prominently in his press conferences - and has been suppressing Dr. Fauci's present more recently?
I would just add to this that the Biden campaign is egging it on as well. Dr. Fauci has made it clear he wants this to stop.  
Dr. Fauci also said President Trump has "never" gone against the science-based advice he provided. "When he suggests, ‘why don’t we do this?’ And I say, ‘no, that’s really not a good idea from a scientific standpoint’ – he has never overruled me." 
"Can you imagine having a better representative for our organization?" Steve Kerr praised Steph for his work outside of basketball after the Warriors star held a coronavirus Q&A with Dr. Fauci  
The Washington Compost misleads once again. "the president is increasingly chafing against medical consensus" - FALSE! Implies Dr. Fauci opposes Trump "tout[ing] possible coronavirus treatments not yet [FDA] approved" - FALSE! Fauci said he'd prescribe!   …
Funny how @soledadobrien and her ilk loved Dr Birx UNTIL she derailed the left’s narrative. Their attacks against her are another example of their vile TDS. Dr Fauci soon to  #deplorable too?
DEMS & #MSM: "We want to hear from SCIENTISTS & DOCTORS" #DeborahBirx & #Fauci tell them hopeful news on #COVID19 DEMS & #MSM: "They're liars for Trump!" The hate for @POTUS is greater than the hope for America! It seems like they are rooting for the #CoronavirusOutbreak
Fauci is the only one who has not been fully corrupted - but he’s on a slippery slope. This is Chernobyl level propaganda now.
To my medicine friends, did you know Dr. Fauci is “THIS” Dr. Fauci? #COVID #COVID19 
I see Dr. Anthony Fauci has done #Coronavirus interviews with @TheDailyShow @Trevornoah and @StephenCurry30. Dude is giving a PR lesson on the mastery of social media and influencers. He’s going outside the cable news space and reaching another audience. Total views? More than 2M
LISTEN: Dr. Fauci issues blistering statement urging media to stop sowing division between Trump and health advisers  …
As Trump signals readiness to break with experts, his online base assails Fauci  …
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D. - "This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%)"  …
Actual COVID-19 mortality rate, when full data picture’s in place, will likely be quite a bit lower than the one percent Fauci first posited. Remember most with mild symptoms (or asymptomatic) aren’t tested!
Hydroxychloroquine is a vital drug for keeping people with certain autoimmune diseases. It’s now unavailable in many areas because people like you and CK are pushing an unproven treatment-against the advice of actual medical doctors like Fauci.
Tonight on the #IngrahamAngle we’ll hear from more docs who are prescribing hydroxychloroquine, w/ positive results. When the viral load of patients DROPS — this shows promise. Took similar approach with HIV treatments (Fauci knows this well).  …
#DeborahBirx Dr Fauci IS Following the Science Dr Birx Is Following Trump It Is That Simple
Dr. Anthony Fauci said President Trump's calls for the country to open up by Easter were "aspirational."  … via @HuffPostPol
Dr. Fauci is still blasting the liberal media for spreading fake news and stirring panic and division.  …
When Dr. Fauci said President Trump listens to him and scientists, the Left responded by trying to pit them against each other—and failed. Now they have a new target: Dr. Birx.  …
Buried Lede: Dr. Fauci Says We Are Still Not Doing Coronavirus Testing Needed to Know When Safe to Reopen Economy:  …
Dr. Fauci on coronavirus contact tracing: "We've got to do it better than we are now... When you have someone in society who is infected, you've got to not only identify them, but you've got to be able to isolate them very quickly, not five days later."
Fauci: You Have the Private Sector To Thank For Wuhan Coronavirus Tests, Not the Gov't 'System'  …
Dr. Fauci Contradicts Trump to Trevor Noah: Can’t ‘Arbitrarily’ Reopen America  …
New paper by Dr. Fauci in the @NEJM: "The overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza ... or a pandemic influenza [like in 1957 and 1968] rather than a disease similar to SARS or  …
Anthony Fauci: "Tedrose is really an outstanding person." W.H.O's Tedros Adhanom Should be Tried for Crimes Against Humanity By John Martin @JohnMartin_re  
Dr. Fauci ADMITS in New England Journal of Medicine yesterday editorial 3/26/20 that mortality from COVID-19 is about 1% with the virus no more virulent than average seasonal flu  … It's the flu, stupid! @realDonaldTrump #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Watch & share this ⁦ @TheDailyShow⁩ intv w Dr. Fauci. You will learn more about COVID-19 Coronavirus in 13 mins than u hv since pandemic started. ⁦ @Trevornoah⁩ is brilliant & effective by resisting urge to make it about (or even mention) 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says COVID-19 “very well might” be cyclical and outbreaks could be experienced seasonally. “It totally emphasizes the need to do what what we’re doing in developing a vaccine, testing it quickly and trying to get it ready.”  
Everything this administration says is a lie. I don’t listen to what any of these trained poodles spew out of their cake holes. I listen to Dr. Fauci, when he’s allowed to speak, and that’s it.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci discussed misinformation about the coronavirus and the path out of the pandemic with Trevor Noah on #TheDailyShow  
My approach is to give Dr #DeborahBirx some breathing room. Like @JeromeAdamsMD @HHS_ASH @CDCDirector Dr Fauci, they're in a tight spot, balancing good public health decisions with a tough and highly pressured political climate. I imagine their stress level is off the charts  …
Trump has to HATE new Fox News poll- in terms of approval in handling the coronavirus he gets lower #s  to Mike Pence and MUCH lower than Democratic governors and Dr. Fauci. Trump is doing worst job in US od officials. Expect Trump to start trashing Dr Fauci + Pence! 
"There is no proven, safe and effective direct therapy for coronavirus. There are drugs... like hydroxychloroquine for malaria... that there have been anecdotal stories about. By anecdotal, I mean people kind of think they work, but they haven't proven they work." - Dr. Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, dedicated to public service, was formed at a #Jesuit high school, @RegisHighSchool.  #JesuitEducated @jesuitschools
Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine: Coronavirus less severe than the flu: 'Fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%." Quite a pivot. It's time to stop the insanity.  
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his Health Secretary have both tested positive. Kind of makes me wish Dr Fauci would separate himself and do his own briefings.
Dr Fauci- When the cases  to tomorrow is increased dramatically, that's no time to pull back. That's when you have to hunker down, nail down, mitigate, mitigate, mitigate, get people taken care of. That's what you have to concentrate on. You have to go with the data
We, as a nation, are being held prisoner by a sociopath POTUS, who REFUSES to let everyone be tested & who refuses to do as Dr Fauci  which is to shutdown the country for a month. Trump is trying to KILL off as many Americans as possible. Please prove me wrong.
Plus more tests reveal more cases where the infected are asymptomatic...reducing the mortality rate. Dr Fauci said the real mortality rate is lower than current estimates due to number of people who are infected but don’t know b/c theyre asymptomatic or have mild symptoms
“Viewers walked away much more informed about the COVID-19 than they could have by witnessing any White House briefing.” ⁦ @MarkG_Medina⁩ bringing some heat on ⁦ @StephenCurry30⁩’s Q&A with Dr. Fauci. (And if you didn’t see it, go watch it.)  …
"case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%" Dr Fauci today in  COVID to a bad flu, quite a change from the panicky 'THIS IS NOT THE FLU' message from 'experts', and the 1-2 million dead Americans predicted by Neil Ferguson.  …
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
Dr. Anthony Fauci during first late-night appearance: "We are seeing cases — most of them have some underlying diseases but several don't — who are young people, 30s, 40s, who are getting sick, getting into the hospital, requiring intensive care" 
Dr. Anthony Fauci on the 'biggest misconceptions' about coronavirus  …
Birx has  a Trump apologist wrapped in Hermes scarves. The only national health care experts worth listening to are Fauci and Sanjay Gupta.  …
Trump has to HATE new Fox News poll- in terms of approval in handling the coronavirus he gets lower #s  to Mike Pence and MUCH lower than Democratic governors and Dr. Fauci. Expect Trump to start trashing Dr Fauci and even Pence! 
Fauci is cabal pictured here w George Bush Sr George Bush Jr Bill Gates Pelosi! CV staged event to LOOT, rich got richer, poor poorer! One World Gov TAKE OVER! If you think any differently you are living in La La land! CRIMES against humanity!  
This is some of the best 10 min you’ll find on #COVID19 with Dr Fauci Thank you to him & 
White House health advisor Anthony Fauci: These are the biggest misconceptions about coronavirus. (via @CNBCMakeIt) 
There are ZERO politics in this interview. Please LISTEN to Dr.Fauci, and Dr.Fauci ONLY. Thank you. 
SUPER INFORMATIVE on the who, what, why on #coronavirus I feel safer and more assured after watching this. Get the facts. Thx @Trevornoah and Dr Fauci  …
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci says “Right now, today, as we speak, there is no proven, safe and effective direct therapy for coronavirus disease. For sure.” Trump is a liar. #MasksNow
There's a reason #DeborahBirx keeps getting invited out to stand beside Trump. Because she nods along, she stands there, she doesn't push back against his lies & gaslighting. She is no Dr. Fauci.
#CircleOfFraud Head of WHO was involved in multiple unprosecuted potential crimes against humanity. Corona Task Force Boss Dr. Fauci consults w/him. Too many villains to count. #PEPFAR #BIRX @M2Madness @StormIsUponUs @RedPill78 WATCH VIDEO BY @99freemind  
I think it's great that Dr. Fauci is all over the place doing interviews... not just in the fake news media... He's talking to Mark Levin, local conservative radio, the Daily Show....
If you're on the podium behind the Liar in Chief and your name is not Fauci, you are unworthy of trust.  …
Please listen to this man and this man ONLY. Not even Dr. Birx can be trusted. She is a researcher/diplomat and will tow the administration line. Dr. Fauci is the truthsayer  
Fauci visited "The Daily Show" just to make sure young people get this message.  … via @HuffPostPol
Honestly why would anyone trust anything anyone says other than Fauci?  …
We’ve got Doctor Faustus when we need Doctor Fauci  …
Dr. Fauci's face on donuts are selling by the hundreds at a Rochester, NY, donut shop. Founder says they want to honor “one of America’s heroes” & bring some cheer to customers “even if it’s just while you’re wolfing down that doughnut.”  … via @DandC
Today's Show LIVE 9AM EASTERN Govt agencies BLOCK #ventilators, medicine & #TestingForCovid19 Private #CDC to get #surveillance power Private #FederalReserve increases our #debt bubble President #Fauci? Will there be a spiritual & political awakening?
Smell a rat? Fauci says NO to “hydroxy”; NO to plasma antibodies for us. Globalists + CDC + vaccine makers = BIG MONEY there. Fauci would “personally prefer to be in a year-long control test first”. Good, give him the sugar pill.  …
@99freemind and others have great videos on Dr Fauci, Tedros, and Brix. These people make millions off misery. Tedros is guilty of CrimesAgainstHumanity. The manmade AIDS virus has made millions so these criminals can enrich themselves. Now they are demanding more funds.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, dedicated to public service, formed at Jesuit High School:  (via @NCRonline)
We heard @NYGovCuomo ask for ventilators. He gave very specific numbers. Do you think he doesn't know what he's talking about when  to this issue? - @GayleKing “If you talk to experts, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx and others, the models in many cases are way off. - 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has emerged for many as the voice of reason and integrity as the nation confronts the coronavirus. He's also an alumnus of Regis High School in New York City. 
Dr.Fauci-"I can't jump infront of the microphone and knock Trump down"! I would like to disagree Do it! "Trump said this week that he'd like to see the country "raring to go" by Easter-April 12, date that many health experts say is unlikely."  …
Watch this if you want sound information from Dr Fauci ( Trump free)  …
Fauci on Trump's April 12 target date: "I think what the president was trying to do, he was making an aspirational projection to give people some hope."  …
Like so many millions of Americans, I’m working from home  up on @CBSThisMorning, I’ll have #WhatToWatch including the story of @Donuts_Delite of Rochester NY & their sweet sweet tribute to Dr. Anthony Fauci... 
"You don't make the time line. The virus makes the time line." (Dr. Anthony Fauci) Trump's plan to open the economy by Easter will geometrically increase American deaths due to #Covid19. Trump Takes no responsibility. But every death is on 
How about raise your hand if you want congress to find a way to get him out of office? Now! I despise Pence but I’d rather have him in charge. Anyone really. President Fauci?
Dr. Fauci throws cold water on Trump's target of Easter to reopen the country, calling it "an aspirational projection to give people some hope."  …
As Trump signals readiness to break with experts, his online base assails Fauci  …
Bakery puts Fauci's face on donuts  
Dr. Fauci Says Coronavirus Is Likely Seasonal. What Does That Mean?  …
Dr.Fauci should have been the president
WOW! Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu  …
Dr. Fauci "really confident" that people who recover from coronavirus can  immune to the infection  …
Dr. Fauci debunks coronavirus misinformation on a video chat with Trevor Noah  
WOW! Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu He needs to state this at the next ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ COVID19 presser! End the pandemic of fear. Return civil  …
How can you believe Dr Fauci, the "Medical Voice" for the media ? He is with Bill Gates, the Eugenicist, who patented the Coronavirus...There are all in cahoots. And all these medals....The cult of honors, medals, badges...in a military management  …
Trump supporters turn on White House disease expert Dr Fauci and wildly accuse him of being a Clinton plant | Via: Independent  …
It is a real shame to see people like Fauci and Birx, with decades of public service - have to lower their standards and tell 1/2 truths in order to appease their boss. It dimishes them and leaves the public angry and confused.
I suggect Dr Fauci visit ICUs in NYC/NJ that are filled with #COVID19 patients... “the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately  …
Why didn’t Deep State Docs Fauci & Brix  killing our economy by shutting everything down in… 4/09- 4/10 when Swine Flu Ravaged US much worse than Corona with… 60.8M US cases 274K hospitalizations 12,469 deaths Oh… yeah Obama was President… Never mind
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
WATCH: Fauci warns Americans: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline"  
The right wing news have started calling Doctor Fauci a deep-state Hillary Clinton loving stooge, and you guessed it good old ass holes on russian backed fox
Dr. Anthony Fauci, member of the White House Coronavirus Task Force, stating in January 2017 there WILL be a "surprise outbreak"  administration will face. #plandemic #coronalockdown #coronavirus #covid19 #pandemic #outbreak #virus #wuhan #china #italy #spain 
Anthony Fauci Hits Younger People With A Stark Coronavirus Reality Check  …
Last week, a firm named Moderna began trials on a Covid-19 vaccine, 63 days after starting work--a "world indoor record," as Anthony Fauci said. How do scientists rustle up vaccine candidates so quickly? I went inside the vaccine world to find out (1/ n)  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci answers all Trevor Noah's coronavirus questions. Joe Biden tells Jimmy Kimmel his plan. 
 - just the facts. Really insightful interview - Dr. Fauci Answers Trevor’s Questions About Coronavirus @TheDailyShow @Trevornoah 
Right-Wing Influencers Are Convinced Dr. Anthony Fauci Is Working With Hillary Clinton To Undermine Donald Trump | Via: BuzzFeed  …
Fauci is a deep state, globalist puppet. He shouldn't presume. He wastes tens of billions per year doing absolutely nothing but partying and giving funding to his DS friends like bill Gates, Birx, and gives that funding to politicians like Hillary. He should be in jail!  …
On Thursday, Steph Curry hosted an Instagram live question-and-answer session with one of the world's leading coronavirus experts, Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
Dr Birx is a loony. She has developed Right Wing thinking. "I love how the states are doing so much! They're very creative." Donald wants her to take over for Fauci, I think. Which would mean (even more) deaths. Why don't they just shoot us all?
DR. FAUCI SAID THERE IS TROUBLING DATA THAT MORE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE BECOMING INFECTED IN THE U.S. THAN HAVE BEEN SEEN IN OTHER COUNTRIES.; NBC 7
LOCKDOWN: Day 13 March 27, 2020 Friday PHP500 ($10) a day to volunteer at a COVID hospital. Heinous. Our healthcare workers deserve better. Instead of hiring a team of medical experts, the old coots hire more old coots from the military. Even Trump hired Fauci. Idiots.
Really, I encourage everyone worried about this pandemic to just watch the pressers with Birx and Fauci.  away more informed and less panicked. I can't believe I'm saying this, but Trump is actually really good too. C-Span has today's.  …
Renowned immunologist Dr. Anthony Fauci discusses the threat posed by COVID-19, and Trevor releases anti-tourism ads to keep people from visiting Florida, Alaska and Hawaii. Listen and subscribe:  
Especially you Dr. Fauci. You are about to  the victim of a vicious stream of attacks. You didn't sign up for this. You can do us more good from out here in the real world.  …
WOW! This is STUNNING! Thursday, Yes I said Thursday, Dr. Fauci co-authored a report on the coronavirus in the New England Journal of Medicine. Conceding that the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu AS WE ALL KNEW TO BEGIN WITH! Damn MSM
In a live Instagram Q&A, Dr. Anthony Fauci urged Curry’s followers to find the middle ground between thinking the world was ending and thinking COVID-19 was no biggie 
Birc and Fauci 2020....been so impressed with their detail oriented responses, use of facts and honesty  …
Do you trust Dr. Fauci?
The White House should have press conferences with Dr Fauci daily. No Donald. No Pence. No politicians. Only Dr. Fauci and one other doctor. Raise your hand if you agree. #MasksNow
Open Letter to Dr. Fauci and Deborah Birx. Quit. You are doing harm. Sincerely, America
Dr. Fauci’s interview w @Trevornoah is an important watch. When asked about the lockdown “clock” - Dr. Fauci states that “the virus is the clock.”  …
Fauci Says Trump’s Call For Country To Open Up By Easter Is ‘Aspirational’  …
Anthony Fauci just pulled off the greatest costar upgrade in human history. 
It’s only a matter of time before the Fake News turns on Fauci now. WOW! Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Fauci explains the timeline and considerations associated with creating a COVID-19 vaccine. “Even before you know something works — at risk — you have to start producing it...we're working with a variety  to take that risk" 
This is false, but you know that. It was not medication, it was fish tank cleaner. Listen do Dr. Fauci:   …
12% disagree with Dr Fauci? Who are they and what are they drinking trump kool-Aid. Trump 51 %, who in their right mind thinks trumps performance dealing with the coronavirus is intelligently professional is mind boggling. It should be 0%
Jared was in charge of getting tests. Now he’s in charge of ventilators while right-wing media attacks Dr. Fauci as part of the Deep State. What could possibly go wrong?
As Trump signals readiness to break with experts, his online base assails Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci Donuts Selling Like Crazy at New York Bakery 
Okay, TTs, it’s time to start asking Qs. He has @maddow’s support. Who’s side is he on? “Fauci: The Bernie Madoff of Science and the HIV Ponzi Scheme that Concealed the Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Epidemic by Charles Ortleb” Goodreads review in thread. #MAGA #KAG2020 
If Trump sees this, Fauci probably has 26 hours, at best, left of his decades-long government career.  …
Thank you very much @TheDailyShow for using your platform to amplify the facts from experts with intelligent, pertinent questions. Plus, your sense of humor elicited a refreshing smile from Dr. Fauci. Thanks for being an awesome person.
AUSTRALIA: Can't believe we elected just the worst fuckin person to lead us through a crisis of this magnitude THE USA: Hold my beer DR FAUCI: No. Do not hold a beer that someone passes you. Can't stress that enough
WOW!... Dr. Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine Concedes the Coronavirus Mortality Rate May Be Much Closer to a Very Bad Flu @CDC #LiftTheQuarantine  … via @gatewaypundit
Dear @realDonaldTrump: Dr. Fauci said 15% of people infected with #COVID19 get so sick they have to be hospitalized. That’s a huge number. And if they need a ventilator & can’t get one, they die. Stop minimizing the virus & use the Defense Production Act. Lives are at  …
Watch this timeline of disease expert Dr. Anthony  as the spread of the coronavirus worsened over the last 2 months.  
Full interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci: 
Dr. Anthony Fauci answers some of the most pressing questions surrounding coronavirus: How is it spread? What makes it so insidious? What are the dangers of self-medicating? Can you get re-infected? 
Steph Curry to Dr. Fauci, When Can We Have Sports Again?! 
They are going to have such a meltdown when Fauci and Birx reveal their plan to reopen the country  …
Bakery puts Fauci's face on donuts  
"Not everybody in the United States should take a test," Fauci said. "I mean I have no symptoms, there's no reason for me to take a test. If I'm in a situation where I'm at a higher risk, I will take a test."  …
Curry: “I know there’s a timeline for developing a vaccine." Dr. Fauci: “We have started on the development of a vaccine faster than ever in the history of any virus." 
WATCH: Fauci warns Americans: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline"  
Weird Medicine listeners already know this: Dr. Anthony Fauci, about the coronavirus: "the one thing that's still a little bit of a black box: what is the relative percentage of really asymptomatic infection?” Increasing that number decreases the mortality % #TestEveryone
Exactly - if we're seeing less Fauci and more Birx, it's because Donald wants it that way.
Dr. Fauci makes it clear that we need to quarantine nationwide bc #COVID19 is a new virus & cases may not decrease simply bc of warmer weather. We also need #MedicareForAll bc millions of unemployed people have ZERO health coverage. #CNN 
Anthony Fauci warns: Coronavirus could return in seasonal cycles unless we get a vaccine  
Between what Peter Navarro and Dr. Fauci have said recently about @realDonaldTrump's impressive handling of #COVID19, #MSM/ #FakeNewsMedia is apoplectic. Full on #TDS. #TrumpDerangementSyndrome runs deeps with those people. #Trump2020 #FourMoreYears  …
Correct. As per Fauci, as per Bill Gates, as per Andy Slavitt, as per.......  …
Fantastic job by @StephenCurry30 with Dr Fauci today live on IG. Steph facilitating tremendously valuable information out to the public. Straight talk,real detailed applicable Q &A without the misinformation and imbecilic buffoonery . . Thanks Steph. Got that Dub ! 
Obama weighs in on Steph Curry, Dr. Fauci coronavirus interview: "Listen to the science. Do your part, and take care of each other"  …
Dr. Fauci re Trump’s plan to undo #coronavirus pandemic mitigation efforts on April 12: “any decision we make has to be based on the data” When you consider that it’s easier for al-Qa’ida members in NW Syria to get tested than most Americans, I think the data will be  …
Here's your 2020 NBA MVP. @Warriors star @StephenCurry30 held a 40-minute question-and-answer on Instagram with #coronavirus expert Dr. Anthony Fauci, a powerful and beautiful use of social media and a celebrity platform, writes 
POTUS explicitly said his decisions will he guided by experts, naming Fauci & Birx specifically. Fauci has begged the media to stop trying to drive a wedge where none exists, noting that Trump has taken his advice every step of the way. I hate these stories & fringe Fauci smears.  …
FAUCI: "When you have a situation when the cases  to tomorrow is increased dramatically, and then the next day is increased dramatically, that's no time to pull back. That's when you got to hunker down."
Dr. Fauci on Trump's Easter coronavirus timeline: "He was making an aspirational projection to give people some hope. But he's listening to us when we say we've really got to reevaluate it in real-time and any decision we make has to be based on the data."
Wow! Fauci is DS! POTUS is EXPOSING [them]  …
It’s Time: Dr. Fauci Needs to Stand Up to Trump  …
Fauci: Trump "aspirational" Easter projection was "to give people some hope." 
A cadre of pro-Trump right wing media outlets is now trashing Dr. Fauci — a smear campaign to paint him as part of the “deep state” — @isaacstanbecker  …
If I'm not mistaken, Dr. Fauci is making a strong and impressive statement. Again, if I'm not mistaken, for the past 2 days he stood on the opposite side of the stage than he usually does, the side NEAR THE DOOR (ready to walk out) and instead of arms down as always, arms folded.
Birx & Fauci appear to be trying to hold onto their influence knowing they are replaceable & if Trump dismissed them he'd be unrestrained.  with him again & again. Will they balk  on reopening? If not, presto:  …
Lies don’t give people hope. I wish Fauci would stop doing this.  …
I love that @CNN covers the briefing, but cuts away when #MalignantNarcissist @realDonaldTrump attempts to spread misinformation, and then returns when Dr. Fauci is giving facts he deems important. #ConservativesWithoutAConscience #BananaRepublicans
And Fauci snapped at them yesterday. World renown, non-partisan experts are starting to hate the media. It’s sad.... but fantastic
Dr. Anthony Fauci says COVID-19 “very well might” be cyclical and outbreaks could be experienced seasonally. “It totally emphasizes the need to do what what we’re doing in developing a vaccine, testing it quickly and trying to get it ready.”  
As Trump signals readiness to break with experts, his online base assails Fauci. THE GOP USED TO BE THE PARTY OF LINCOLN. NOW ITS THE PARTY OF THE KKK AND THE FLAT EARTHERS! AS LONG AS YOUR STUPID THE REPUBLICANS WILL WELCOME YOU!  …
Dr. Fauci: Private Sector Saved Us On Testing, Govt ‘System’ Can’t Handle It  
Stephen Curry was joined by Dr. Anthony Fauci of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases to talk about COVID-19. #NBATogetherLive  …
Coronavirus is a threat to young people too, U.S. official Fauci tells NBA star Curry  
Dr. Fauci will be ultimately the Paul Krugman of Dr. Sanjay Guptas.
#DeborahBirx is part of the problem not the solution. She acts as a mouthpiece for her boss. Tony Fauci seems to be the only one with intellectual and scientific integrity
Trump says he gets along with Fauci “great. I get along with Deborah fantastically,” referring to Dr. Birx.
When Trump is being briefed by Fauci etc what is he doing? Playing with string?
Dr. Fauci Fingers the Fuse That Fed Italy's Flare-Up: Chinese Tourism 
Dr Brix is political Marc. That’s why. Notice Fauci not backing her up on any of this and his obvious not happy face. He is acting in good faith as a non partisan medical expert. Dr Brix is absolutely a political part at this time of Trumps campaign/damage control he is running.
"You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline." -Dr. Anthony Fauci of @NIH warns Americans at tonight's White House #COVID19 press 
I said the same thing earlier! Ppl need to see with their own eyes that DT’s flat out lying to them. A lot of ppl aren’t informed and assume if the “potus” is saying it then it must be true. And now he has Dr. Birx lying for him too. That’s why she’s there and Fauci isn’t.
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
"I'd like to get the people in the country to realize that we’re dealing with a serious problem...I want to get rid of that misconception that there’s extremes." Dr. Anthony Fauci was interviewed by Steph Curry on Instagram Live 
. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Fauci Gates Soros #WWG1WGA #NoCoincidences What is really going  …
#maddow @MSNBC should air General Semonite,Dr.Fauci and Governor Cuomo instead of a daily trump gripe session/rally.
Watching Bill Gates speak right now on CNN. The difference between brilliant people speaking like him & Dr. Fauci against the VAST majority of politicians is striking. Why aren’t more brilliant people getting into politics? Seriously? I want to see more bright people in politics
Stephen Curry and Anthony Fauci chatted on Instagram. Thousands watched, including Barack Obama. 
Fauci said some interesting things today. He's "confident" that an antiviral therapy will be developed that provides partial or even a "very good" protection against coronavirus. They'll produce possible vaccines as they're still being tested in order to roll out faster.
WATCH: Fauci warns Americans: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline"  
Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus Hit Italy ‘Really Badly’ Because Of ‘Chinese Tourists’  …
Q: Is there data suggesting warm weather will slow down coronavirus? Dr. Anthony Fauci: "We are hoping ... that we will see that impact of warmer weather on bringing the infection rate down. But you can't guarantee it because this is a brand-new virus." 
Listen carefully to Dr. Brix and Fauci and Trump: they are shifting all blame to states and cities. Setting up urban centers as expendable because they failed to handle the crisis well-enough. Fox is already all in.
These #CNNTownHall events with Dr. Fauci are infinitely better than any presser that Trump is at. Please more of this. Less of that.
So, just as President Trump said 2 days ago: "I will be guided very much by Dr. Fauci and by Deborah [Birx]"  …
Dr Fauci is just softening the blow, because he (and pretty much everyone else) knows that if the data looks  Easter, there’s no way in hell Trump can re-open anything. So let’s remember the most important thing Fauci said: the virus sets the timeline.
"We do know a lot more than we did a couple of weeks ago," says Dr. Anthony Fauci, about the coronavirus. "But the one thing that's still a little bit of a black box...is that, what is the relative percentage of really asymptomatic infection?"  
Fauci is continuing his media blitz with four YouTube interviews this weekend -- with @PhillyD, @Trevornoah, @Lilly and  …
When numbers are going up, Fauci says “that’s no time to pull back." "That's when you got to hunker down, nail down, mitigate, mitigate, mitigate -- get the people taking care of. That's what you got to concentrate on. You have to go with the data.”
"You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline." —Anthony Fauci  
Dr. Anthony Fauci must be the most photogenic Infectious Diseases expert this side of Wuhan ;-) 
Donald Trump has said he wants to have the country "open by Easter": "Easter is our timeline. What a great timeline that would be." Anthony Fauci, in an interview with CNN: "You don’t make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline.”  
Someone please make Dr Fauci a nice cup of ginger tea with honey and lemon before his voice disintegrates.
Dr Fauci is really bright. He manages to make all the important points without alienating the egomaniac in the White House. He said Trump’s Easter idea was merely “aspirational” and meant to give hope. He seems pessimistic. He described the French chloroquine study as “anecdotal” 
"Avoid any unnecessary travel." --Dr. Tony Fauci #COVID19 #CNNTownHall
Dr Fauci and several other medical professionals have indicated that we may have a second wave of the virus. He also said it likely will return next year. Let’s make damn sure we have a real president by then, and kick this SOB to the curb
Bakery puts Fauci's face on donuts  
Dr. Anthony Fauci says on CNN that Trump's "Easter" idea was an "aspirational projection," an attempt to "give people some hope," but "he's listening to us when we say we really got to reevaluate it, in real time, and any decision we make has to be based on the data."
Wait what? Tony Fauci will be 80-years-old this year?? 
Was anyone else just disturbed that during #CNNTownHall that the gentleman who called in with Lupus cannot get his prescription filled? Basically Dr. Fauci just said well that's a problem. YES, a problem created by tRump
It is very hard not to watch this ongoing subplot of political coverage and not openly wonder if the argument for its newsworthiness is to see if Trump would really fire Fauci.  …
It's official: Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci are no longer in the good graces of the media and the doomsday preachers. Seeing an explosion of hate on social media, because they dared to explain the data and tell the truth about the COVID-19 outbreak.
Dr. Fauci, everything you’ve said on this segment contradicts Trump’s so-called aspirational message. Why aren’t you saying these things in front of Trump? #CNNTownHall
Fauci on Trump saying people can get back to work very soon. “I think what the president is trying to do is make an aspirational projection to give people some hope but he’s listening to us when we say ... any decision has to be based on the data,” he told @drsanjaygupta
Dr. Fauci and The $100MM . @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  …
Dr. Tony Fauci: when the cases keep going up, that’s not time to pull back. It’s time to hunker down. You have to go with the data. The virus makes the timeline. #CNNTownHall #covid19
#CNNTownHall Dr Anthony Fauci is a hero. The voice of reason. The only voice I am listening to. Thank you Dr. Fauci for everything 
Why are they even polling this? What purpose does this sort of thing serve other than to try and get Fauci fired and people killed?  …
the media is going to Fauci canned  …
i love Dr. Fauci with my whole heart.
Dr. Fauci: Govt testing system was inadequate, private sector made difference "Hundreds of thousands of tests are out there now..because we got private sector involved "The system is changed predominately because it's being handed over  firms who know how to do it" 
. @BillGates and Dr. Anthony Fauci join @AndersonCooper and @DrSanjayGupta for a live CNN global town hall, "Coronavirus: Facts and Fears." Watch now on CNN:  Follow the latest updates:  
**NEW FAUCI PAPER** "The overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza ... or a pandemic influenza [like in 1957 and 1968] rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS"  …
Finally we get to hear Dr. Fauci sans Trump. #CNNTownHall
Let's call it like it is. Stephen Curry's Instagram live interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci about COVID-19 was far more informative, accurate and helpful than viewing any of the White House briefings these days. 
They say this as though Trump doesn’t have the approval of the majority of Americans. And if they also trust Dr. Fauci, that’s a GOOD thing. And it reflects WELL on Trump that he’s listening to Dr. Fauci, not poorly.  …
Watching the @CNN town hall because Dr. Fauci is on it, and I'm basically only listening to him at this point. #CNNTownHall
Steph Curry and Dr. Fauci on Instagram Live? You love to see it. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci Warns Other States To Prepare For Coronavirus Case Surges Like New York’s  …
Upset about Dr. Fauci’s truth telling, Trump has chosen a new “expert” to stand beside him at his daily coronavirus press briefings. 
More Dr. Birx, last Grandma Death fanboy Fauci. He’s just awful.  …
Now we know why @CNNPolitics and @NBCNews did Not want to televise the President’s #CoronaVirus update today ... in less than 2 hours Dr Birx and Dr Fauci, debunked the Media’s narrative...they did it with facts and legitimate statistics, not with prejudices hyperbole.
I think she (and Fauci) have gotten most of the big stuff right. They have gotten stuff wrong. I am perfectly happy saying "Dr. Birx got X fact wrong, and this is the right fact..." Saying she drank the Kool Aid is just blatant, unhelpful partisan garbage.
"You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline": Dr. Fauci delivers frank message on coronavirus. 
I thought Dr. Fauci said that 80% of people have mild symptoms. Is he minimizing or stating the facts?
WATCH: Dr. Fauci has explained the timeline and risks of creating a COVID-19 vaccine.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the country’s top expert on infectious diseases, says he feels good about prospects for a vaccine to prevent COVID-19.  
I fear for Dr. Fauci after needy Donald sees this.  …
I've been critical of how Dr. Fauci provides cover for Trump's dangerous/false claims, but I believe the factual information he gives. Dr. Birx's statements can't be relied on, though. Most of what she says is too indefinite to be factually wrong, but it's so often misleading.
If someone had told me 1 mo ago that most of the world would be locked down due to a #pandemic, the US & UK would have the worst global response & Tony Fauci would be a hero w/ his face on a donut, I would have told them they were nuts. #COVID19  …
Fauci says US needs to be prepared for coronavirus to be cyclical  
A doughnut shop in Rochester, New York, is selling doughnuts with a photo of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, on top. 
This was the scariest news conference to date, the idiot said he is going to break the mandatory quarantines & get people back to work, & saying it will happen quickly. His statement flies in the face of people like Dr. Fauci who said the virus and not people set the timeline 
D@MN RIGHT President Trump Vs. Bill Gates on Treatment: Fauci Has A $100 Million Conflict of Interest - National File  …
Have you ever been crammed into a car, on a long trip, with 6 smelly, extremely stupid people and if you get out of the car, millions of people will die? No, me either. But I bet that is what it feels like to be Dr Fauci
#TrumpPressConf <<< CNN needs to stop covering these and just have Fauci & Birx on Cuomo every night Having Trump up there lying through his teeth in his petty vindictive way is not helping anyone RS
I am pretty sure Dr Anthony Fauci caught the twitter debate on randomized control trials between @zachweinberg and @rabois yesterday and used the press conference today to set the record straight, mic drop and walk off 
Stephen Curry conducted a very informative conversation with Dr. Fauci about the #Coronavirus. Here's everything you need to know about #COVID19:  
Dr. Anthony Fauci Picks ‘Daily Show’ For First Late-Night Interview 
Opinion: Anthony Fauci has been an extraordinary presence during the COVID-19 crisis—calm yet urgent, informative yet plain-spoken. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci has  the face of the Coronavirus Task Force — and now he's also the face of @Donuts_Delite's most popular doughnut. The shop told CBS News that  sold out of the doughnuts, but plans to make more "all night long."  
Stephen Curry hosted an Instagram Q&A with coronavirus expert Dr. Anthony Fauci earlier today.  …
@MattWalshBlog what have you done to Dr Fauci? Now even he wants to find a balance between the risk of extreme virus suppression with dire economic necessity, even if there can be some rebounds of the virus in the future
Dr. Fauci: "Would this possibly  a seasonal cyclic thing? And I've always indicated to you that I think it very well might." 
Dr Fauci authored article in NEJM today supports contention below that COVID fatality rate may be much closer to very bad flu. H/t @mizdonna @Barnes_Law @ITGuy1959 @ScottAdamsSays @theconservador  …  
DR. FAUCI TO STEPH CURRY: “It’s at least 10x more serious than the typical influenza.” 
Hello, @JoeBiden tweet writer. Of course you know that Dr. Fauci says President Trump has “never” gone against the science-based advice he provided.  …
there zero "news value" in covering them live. It's just facilitating mass murder. If Fauci says something "newsworthy"--because he's the only one who might-- you can tell us half an hour later.  …
Oh thank the God. Fauci there.
Dr. Fauci said in the #PresserCOVID19 that we face the danger of a rebound if we 'get back to work' too soon, and that the disease will cycle into the next season. This points our how dangerously negligent Trump's 'back to work by Easter' plan. #TrumpResign
Dr. Tony Fauci says if there are early signs that a vaccine works, the government would work with  to produce a pool of vaccine doses to have ready when testing 
I’m like 80% sure Dr. Fauci’s called WFAN before to talk Yankee Baseball. Probably with Richard Neer on a Saturday morning.
Fauci fear feels like a waste of energy. POTUS knows who he is. POTUS is in control.
Exactly, thank you Dr. Fauci.  …
"where's Dr. Fauci"? . . Ohh, there he is! On tv, right in front of me, like every other day
Fauci bringing a lot of "fuck this! here's the deal people!" energy today.
Dr. Fauci says that even once coronavirus is under control, U.S. should be prepared for it to rebound or cycle back in another season  
Dr. Fauci: The best way to get the best drug as quickly as possible is to do a randomized trial. He adds he feels "confident" that there will be treatments developed to treat coronavirus because there are a whole menu of treatments being developed.
My head is spinning. Fauci just mentioned that vaccines have the potential to make people sick.
I like Dr. Fauci but his openers are terrible and do way too much time.
Fauci just admitted that some vaccines spread infections & create infections in people. Wasn't expecting that. But it's true. Which is why they don't show you the ingredients & try to protect themselves legally in the sneakiest ways.
Dr Fauci is taking about “pulling back” current measures at some point and possibility of a rebound of the virus This is the top infectious disease official in the US saying yes, we will need to accept some elevated risk of virus spread to introduce *some* economic normalcy
These press conferences should only be presented by health experts like Dr. Fauci. There is never anything of substance said until medical experts begin speaking. The rest is just Trump trying to stew up outrage and headlines. #TrumpPressConf
Dr. Fauci: Two reasons for us to shut down and shelter in our homes: 1) Reduce spread 2) "Buy time" to prepare for treating the waves of infected people and "rebound" of the flu.
Man, Drs. Fauci and Birx look so, so exhausted....
. @CNN @MSNBC. This is the guy who said we would be "down to zero" cases. Who said it "wash away" "like a miracle." WHY are you broadcasting his presser campaign rallies? WHY? Just show clips from Fauci and report any news, if at all, after it's over. Lives depend on it.
Fauci talking about a “rebound” or this cycling into the next season. Vaccine cannot help with that but some vaccines are under development for the future..
Fauci says there is more than one vaccine in testing. There are "a couple of handfuls of vaccines at different stages of development."
Dr. Fauci has just appeared. You can unmute your TVs now.
She has gone 100% TRUMPBOT. The ONLY one we need to hear from is Dr. Fauci
I skipped the Trump part. Listening to Fauci.
People should only ask dr Anthony Fauci questions
We’re number one folks, highest amount of a cases in the world. To celebrate your President says opening up the country for money, not your safety, not per scientific method, not for care or value of your life, is necessary.. Dr Fauci, America needs a Rx for #25thAmendmentNow
WATCH: Fauci warns Americans: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline"  
Now  on. CNN cuts the feed, says they  back when Dr. Fauci speaks.
And... @CNN cuts away from the #Coronavirus Task Force press briefing. Yesterday they missed Dr. Fauci talking about future/second waves...what will they miss today?
Trump says maybe people won't be shaking hands anymore, long-term, even after "we open." He says Fauci wouldn't be upset if people just stopped, and said regular-flu transmission would be cut.
We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci. We want Fauci.
This New York Bake Shop Is Selling Donuts with Dr. Anthony Fauci's Face on Them 
You cannot put the US "Back to Work" safely without widespread testing. You are still not getting us the tests we need. You called the concern a Democratic Hoax and said it would go away like a miracle. Listen to Fauci.
#WHO, #Fauci @#NIH, Harvard — tell us #panic, #SocialDistancing & #lockdown will be turned ON/OFF repeatedly until they have a #vaccine to mandate It was Fauci who pushed the dangerous vaccine fraud, Pandemrix,on the American public with  …
Poor @Acosta must be beside himself. @realDonaldTrump just called Dr. Fauci “Tony.”
Why us Dr Fauci & Dr Birx wasting precious time standing there as a backdrop to Trump's lies and misinformation and pettiness??????
Fauci, Director of US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in NEJM: “the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%)”  …
This may be the most insane press briefing yet. Fauci and Birx should put Trump in a straight jacket.
I love that Steph Curry went live with Dr. Fauci to educate his fans, Fauci should go live with Dr. Umar next
I have drawn a lot of heavy stuff in the past 2 weeks... here is something I needed to draw to buoy my mood. The Fauci faces pain scale. (Grateful for smart folks like Fauci and hope that the voices of experts can be those that drive our nation’s response to this crisis.) 
Dear @MSNBC @CNN - Why are you STILL airing these "pressers"?!!! The chyron says "White House Coronavirus Task Force Briefing." It's NOT. It's a campaign rally full of lies and misinformation. PLEASE stop, show any Dr. Fauci clips or relevant newsworthy info after fact checking.
#ScienceISTheAnswerToYourPrayers Stop being foolish. Stop listening to @realDonaldTrump He is not smart, let alone a doctor. He kept this deadly virus secret for months. Do not watch him during press briefings. @CNN #MuteTrump Listen to only experts like Dr. Fauci.
All I see on my screen is two ignorant men. (Dr. Fauci is NOT on my screen)
At the WH Briefing today: President Trump Vice President Pence Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health Ambassador Debbie Birx, the White House Coronavirus Response Coordinator
Dr Fauci: The President clearly listens...we will give him data to inform the decision...he's been very flexible...he does have an open mind about it.  
Let Dr. Fauci do all the talking.
Dr.Fauci and Dr. Birx in attendance today
Dr. Fauci was born in Brooklyn Hospital. Walt Whitman visited Civil War soldiers there. Now it is a disaster like every hospital in NYC dealing with coronavirus  …
Here's your 2020 NBA MVP. @Warriors star @StephenCurry30 held a 40-minute question-and-answer on Instagram with #coronavirus expert Dr. Anthony Fauci, a powerful and beautiful use of social media and a celebrity platform, writes 
Fauci in New England Journal of Medicine: "... the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza." Let's start planning to open the economy.  …
What @StephenCurry30 did today with his IG live interview with Dr Fauci tells you everything about @DavidsonCollege you need to know. Lives of leadership, service, disproportionate  …
I've covered a lot of cool athletes. Not sure I've felt as proud to cover one: Steph Curry is MVP for his coronavirus outreach, including Dr. Fauci Q&A  …
Steph Curry holding a Q&A session on Instagram with #coronavirus expert Dr. Anthony Fauci was a powerful and beautiful use of social media and a celebrity platform, writes @annkillion. 
A great idea: Let ER doctors and nurses from around the country send in **VIDEO QUESTIONS** to President Trump and Dr. Fauci IN REAL TIME and have them both answer those questions on TELEVISION LIVE. If everything is getting better, why would Trump/Fauci be afraid to do this?
Thank you to everyone who tuned in earlier today on Instagram Live! I wanted to make sure everyone had access to the conversation on COVID-19 with Dr. Fauci. Please share as much as possible. Thank you! 
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
1. Currently plowing through another 19 minute Thursday PDS for you. I’ll get that out to you ASAP, but the big ones take a little longer. AND 2. I had a conversation with Dr. Fauci this morning about the coronavirus. It’ll go live tomorrow in the Friday PDS. 
Dr. Fauci is not only a serious scientist, he's a serious marathoner.  …
Another idea: Instead of making endless talk show rounds, let's have Dr. Fauci sit down face to face with five NYC ER doctors and nurses ON CAMERA and let the world see if the spin matches the reality on the front lines.
Why @realDonaldTrump doesn't fully understand this? Anthony Fauci: "You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline" on relaxing public health measures - CNNPolitics  …
We are on Fauci watch: Fauci said the U.S. “can start thinking about getting back to some degree of normality when the country as a whole turns that corner” of reducing the spread....“You need to see the trajectory of the curve start  down."  …
As Dr. Anthony Fauci said today about #COVID19. On the question of rolling back social distancing. "You don't make the timeline," said Fauci. "The virus makes the timeline."
Fauci: 'You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.' | Via TheHill  …
NBA Star Steph Curry Had An Informative Instagram Live Chat With Dr. Fauci About The Coronavirus That Even Obama Watched  …
Barack Obama tuned in to NBA star Stephen Curry's Instagram live Q&A with Dr. Fauci. He thanked Curry and Fauci, adding, "Listen to the science. Do your part and take care of each other."  …
In November, I spoke to the NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci about responding to future pandemics. He was painfully prescient when he said, "we have a ways to go." Watch our full GZERO World with Dr. Fauci:  
Dr. Anthony Fauci Donuts Selling Like Crazy at New York Bakery 
Bakery puts Fauci's face on donuts  
Has Dr. Fauci been inside one NYC emergency room?
White House Coronavirus Task Force's Dr. Anthony Fauci joined @StephenCurry30 for a Q&A to educate people on 
On @MorningEdition, Dr. Fauci told @NoelKing “To be honest, we don't have all that data now uniformly throughout the country to make those determinations. But that's a major, primary  …
Can we stop the misinformation campaign? I get it, some hate the admin, but why punish the public? Trump was being hopeful, and said he would be guided by Fauci and Brix. Many in media spun it as “he set a deadline.” (And today  about the unemployment rate.)  …
Siri: USA you have a doctor's appt w/ Dr. Fauci today USA: Please, Dr. Fauci we, 327 million people, are being told by President Trump to relax #SocialDistancing by zone. Virus is borderless, yes? Dr. Fauci: I am writing a Rx for America that @VP will fill 
Incorrect. He said he would “love to have it opened up” by then but also literally said "I'll be guided very much” by Fauci and Birx. Misleading to say otherwise.
WATCH: Fauci warns Americans: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline"  
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells NPR that though New York is currently the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S., other states across the country should be preparing for similar surges in cases. 
F*ck your imagine videos. This morning, Steph Curry went on insta live w/ Dr. Fauci to answer COVID-19 questions. If you were curious about how to use celebrity right now, this is it. What if everyday during the WH press conference we had a celebrity talking to an expert?
. @StephenCurry30 hosted a live Q&A with the White House Coronavirus Task Force's Dr. Fauci to learn more about COVID-19 
Dr.Fauci: "The disease sets the time line" TRUMP ignores Fauci's remarks & paints a rosy picture to REOPEN COUNTRY BY EASTER Obviously playing to his PRO -LIFE followers & Evangelical Christians. So it's ok to GAMBLE with lives after birth (mainly the ELDERLY)? Thoughts?
A moment of clarity from Dr. Fauci amid the chaos that is Trump.  …
I want to see Bernie and Dr Fauci sit down to have a discussion about classic New York accents.
Obviously, @JoeBiden (or a staffer) doesn't even care about being fact-checked by the liberal media. Or @Surgeon_General Adams and Dr. Fauci both stating that this claim is false. This is just the latest. His new ad is filled with three claims, all of which: fact-checked false.  …
My dad says he's confident in Fauci because they went to the same high school.
The best questions to Dr. Fauci have been from non-traditional interviewers. Props to Steph Curry for asking smart, informative questions for 48,000+ viewers to learn from.  …
Obama thanks Fauci, Stephen Curry during Instagram Live session  
The idiots keep saying to listen to the scientists, they trust Fauci, so what does Fauci have to say? That Trump has NEVER gone against science based  - and Trump has “never overruled me” In other words, Trump is going everything RIGHT! 
Fauci: Italy ‘Hit Very Badly’ By Coronavirus Due to Prevalence of Chinese Tourists |  
Dr Fauci says that viruses tend to not survive in warm weather. However, he tells Steph Curry that it’s still unknown how the coronavirus will react to the warm summer months. 
Dr. Fauci said these divisive tactics are “not helpful” in the middle of a global pandemic. But Biden is using them anyway. Trump "has listened to what I have said... When I've made  he's taken them. He's never countered or overridden me." 
Dr. Fauci says President Trump has “never” gone against the science-based advice he provided. "When he suggests, ‘why don’t we do this?’ And I say, ‘no, that’s really not a good idea from a scientific standpoint’ – he has never overruled me." 
Full video of the Steph Curry Q&A with Dr. Anthony Fauci if you can't access it on IG Live  …
MUST WATCH. Just yesterday Dr. Anthony Fauci specifically praised Tedros for his work as Health Minister of Ethiopia. Does Fauci not know this stuff or what? #Pandemic #Coronavirus  via @YouTube
Steph: “What’s the biggest piece of misinformation that’s been out for public consumption?” Dr. Fauci: “I’d like to get the people in this country to realize we are dealing with a serious problem...” 
Steph says he held the IG live with Dr. Fauci to reach a different demographic for them to get a better understanding of the facts & social distancing. Shout out Steph man, what a leader 
NBA star Steph Curry did a Q&A with Dr. Fauci about coronavirus facts for his more than 30 million IG followers  
We will be making @StephenCurry30's FULL 1:1 conversation with Dr. Fauci available on his Facebook and YouTube pages as soon as possible. #SCASKSFAUCI
Dr Fauci to Steph Curry on the age group COVID-19 affects: “We are starting to see is that people that are younger, people your age... who are getting seriously ill.” Fauci said that young people are still the minority but they shouldn’t think they’re “exempt” from the virus. 
MAGAts are now accusing Dr. Fauci of being a Hillary agent. MAGAt: That there doctor don’t care none about the economy! A: He’s trying to save your life. MAGAt: He’s trying to get Hillary elected! A: Hillary’s not running. MAGAt: That don’t matter!  …
A Rochester donut shop is making donuts with the face of the ANTHONY FAUCI, & they’re selling fast. “He is one of America’s heroes during this challenging time. Plus, he is a Paisano!” said the owner of a local pizzeria that carries the donuts.  
More than 1,000 people have died in the U.S. from COVID-19 — and over a third of those deaths were in New York. Dr. Anthony Fauci says other states need to start preparing now to take on outbreaks of this scale. 
Stephen Curry, Dr. Fauci, Barack Obama and Justin Bieber all appearing in the same IG Live. We can now say beyond the shadow of any doubt that basketball is the greatest game ever invented. It's science.
TRUMP VS FAUCI: BATTLE OF AGENDAS While fear and uncertainty spread across the globe, The HighWire exposes a battle of agendas raging at our highest levels of government. What will the cost be for #America? #Coronavirus #Covid19  …
“If this acts like every virus similar to it that we know, the chances are overwhelming that if you get infected and recover from infection, that you are not going to get infected with the same virus.” — Dr. Fauci @StephenCurry30 asking the questions people want to know 
President Obama checking in on Steph's convo with Dr. Fauci 
"Italy got hit really badly. Almost certainly … Italy got hit very badly because they had a large number of importations from China by Chinese tourists,” Fauci said, adding that these visitors provided the foundation for the Chinese Virus to spread.  …
Dr. Fauci probably reached more people under 40 doing this than he did during all the press  Well done,  …
"Listen to the science. Do your part and take care of each other. Thank you, Steph and Dr. Fauci."
Steph Curry, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Barack Obama. 
@StephenCurry30 IG Live convo w/ Dr Fauci was the most clear and helpful conversation and messaging around Covid-19 that I have seen thus far. Thank you to them both for doing a great service for American people who may be concerned confused and unsure during this time.
Fauci tells Curry he dislikes the COVID19 extremes - "either 'the world is gonna end,' or 'we don't want to do anything.'" Urges taking this seriously, but without panic.
FAUCI SAYS THINKS CORONAVIRUS WILL CYCLE INTO NEXT SEASON, DOES NOT THINK IT WILL "DISAPPEAR"
steph curry on IG live with dr fauci while obama is watching and sending emojis. 2020 is bad but hopefully stuff like this is helpful even if we shouldn’t have to be doing it in the first place. 
Curry: "We're not over-reacting, right?" Dr. Fauci: “You're absolutely right. This is serious business."
When are you heading to Nambia to dig dirt on Dr. Fauci?
Market just dumped 500 points. Did Fauci open his yapper?
Gotta love Barack Obama dropping into an IG live between Steph Curry and Tony Fauci during a global pandemic 
FAUCI SAYS WILL SOON SET GUIDELINES ON HOW MANY DAYS A PERSON MUST WAIT AFTER RECOVERING FROM CORONAVIRUS BEFORE RETURNING TO REGULAR LIFE
Steph’s live stream with Dr. Fauci is great. I know many of us know much of this stuff already, but Steph can connect with a younger demo that might not get it.
Dr. Fauci is a hooper. 
Steph Curry on his IG live talking with Dr. Anthony Fauci right now, a curious Leandro Barbosa among the 49K already tuned in 
"You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline": Dr. Fauci delivers frank message on coronavirus  
Steph Curry has an audience of about 50k as he chats with Dr. Anthony Fauci (who's got a basketball hoop in his background) on Instagram live right now. Right now he's explaining why this coronavirus is more serious than the flu.
Dr. Fauci did not acknowledge that this medicine is used to treat immune-related illnesses. The successful treatment used for CV 19 is a cocktail of two additional drugs.  voices are making a difference, (Fauci now admits) keep it up, digital soldiers. 
DESPERATE #PharmaFauci is NOW DRIBBLING over to “hyped” & ignorant @StephenCurry30 to victimize his fan base after my recent videos - all here at  ) - exposed Fauci’s #FakeScience of viruses #vaccines & the immune system. Beyond the Hype  …
⁦ @BarackObama⁩ joining the ⁦ @StephenCurry30⁩ Dr. Fauci conversation on Instagram right now. 
READ THIS! Brooklyn Hospital, where Dr Fauci was born, is independent (no fed or local gov monies) "no network of other institutions to share resources...for the predominantly  & culturally diverse population it serves.” Cases - 800, 40% of all inpatients, ⅔ of ICU.  …
Bakery puts Fauci's face on donuts  
"The virus makes the timeline." -- Anthony Fauci
a bakery is selling “Dr. Fauci Donuts.” bakery owner on Dr. Fauci: “He’s on TV giving us the facts; you’ve got to respect that. We’re bipartisan, we stay neutral, but you’ve got to give credit where credit’s due.”  …
THIS Dr Fauci on Life, Liberty & Levin said it's a mild to moderate illness. Dr Birx reported the mortality rate of the virus is driven by those with PRE-EXISTING Conditions and Age.  …
Had to check out these donuts for myself! The owner of Donut Delite says he wanted to honor Dr. Fauci for all the hard work he's doing for our country. Says he is literally selling hundreds of these every hour.  – at Donuts Delite / Salvatore's Old Fashioned Pizzeria
Me thinks if Dr Fauci continues to tell the truth he will be  Easter
@NYGovCuomo & Dr. Fauci will go down in HISTORY as TWO of the TRUE HEROES of the COVID-19 Pandemic.
How long before Trump accuses Dr. Fauci of disloyalty and fires him?
Cuomo: "Dr. Fauci has been so kind and helpful to me ... Dr. Fauci, I think, is just brilliant at this. And he has been so personally kind. I call him late at night. I call him in the middle of the night ... he's been really a friend to me personally and the state of New York."
COVID-19 will likely  seasonal, Dr. Anthony Fauci reports. Tracking has revealed that cases are appearing in the southern hemisphere as they go into their winter season.  
Wild rumors that Dr. Anthony Fauci, absent from two Trump conferences, is skating on thin ice. If Dumb, Lying, Delaying, Boastful, Confused Donald dares to sideline him, millions who trust Fauci's legendary, dedicated expertise will demand Trump's resignation. -R
Trump is barely constrained by the presence of a legendary figure by Tony Fauci, but sure, if a couple of smart Republicans had been willing to take senior jobs at DHS and HHS, Trump would *totally* listen to them and not fire them like he did with six National Security Advisers.
Game on! Pass the popcorn.... President Trump Vs. Bill Gates on Treatment: Fauci Has A $100 Million Conflict of Interest - National File 
Only Rochester would be the first to create a “Dr Fauci Doughnut “ Nice job ⁦ @donutsdelite⁩ ⁦ @RochesterChambr⁩ Dr. Fauci doughnuts are selling like hotcakes at Donuts Delite  …
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and NIAID Director Anthony Fauci are the two most trusted Americans when  to information about the coronavirus outbreak, according to an online poll.  …
QAnon Followers And Right-Wing Influencers Are Falsely Accusing Dr. Anthony Fauci Of Being A Deep State Plant  …
Rochester, NY has Dr Fauci doughnuts. Awesome.  …
Dear @abcnews @NBCNews @MSNBC @CNN @CBSNews, We only want to hear from Dr. Fauci. That’s it. If tRump takes the mic cut the live feed. Thank you. America.
Where are the tests? Where is Dr. Fauci? Why are you afraid of reporters with reasonable questions? Why are you trying to get people to work/school/church when deaths/cases are trending upward? Hope this will be discussed—or will you pout and run away again?
cuomo talking about dr. fauci in his daily briefings 
Governor Cuomo has been talking to Dr Fauci at a constant. “I call him late at night, I call him in the middle of the night, I call him in the morning.” Best bromance ever.
Those aren't "news" conferences. Those are PROPAGANDA rallies. The only worthwhile NEWS we get from your lie-fests are from Dr. Fauci. Do the world a favor and shut your lie hole.
just imagining cuomo laying in bed alone... calling dr. fauci....
. @NYGovCuomo says he calls Fauci at all hours of the day and night. Fauci "is just brilliant" and "has been so personally kind,"  a "friend."
Sounds like @NYGovCuomo is going to be hiring Dr. Fauci soon. That's cool!
. @NYGovCuomo says he's been calling Anthony Fauci "in the middle of the night."
Have you noticed that every picture you see with Fauci he's partying with Democrats?
Stocks are looking great. Isn't it time for Dr. Doom Fauci to take the mic and kill it with some prediction of mass death?
"That would be the best-case scenario: Our mitigation is successful. But our mitigation is not going to protect us from any kind of harm or death. Bad stuff is going to happen. We got to make sure it isn't really bad," Dr. Fauci says  …
#Antifa wears masks in public and the rest of the time shelters-in-place in their mom's basement. I'm guessing Dr. Doom Fauci is a fan...
Today’s the day! Join #NIH’s @NIAIDnews Director Dr. Anthony Fauci and 3-time NBA champion Stephen Curry for an Instagram Live today at 1:00 pm ET on Curry’s IG handle @StephenCurry30. #SCASKSFAUCI questions on #COVID19 – from how to stay safe to the current state of 
Fauci with Elton John (due to AIDS charity work thru PEPFAR) and Nancy Pelosi. . The AIDS/HIV charity fraud is massive and under-reported. It connects Ukraine, Impeachment, Soros, Deep State & Coronavirus. .  …
WTH!! There was always something fishy about Dr. Fauci. DR. FAUCI (Jan 2017): “No doubt Trump will face infectious disease outbreak”  …
Completely agree with David here. That’s why Fauci is saying “You don’t make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline,” knowing what the virus is likely to do.  …
Fauci doughnuts! with buttercream frosting ,red white and blue sprinkles. And his portrait instead of the doughnut hole 
Exactly. Dr. Fauci knows the grim reality that the virus will win this argument for him.  …
Anthony Fauci: The face of America's fight against coronavirus. Dr Anthony Fauci has emerged as the face of America's fight against coronavirus. But he is also battling the dangerous spread of misinformation, sometimes from within his own government  …
Dr. Fauci: "You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline." 
Hater @atrupar would rather lie about President Trump than see Americans live. Dr. Fauci was asked if he'd prescribe this drug for coronavirus patients. "Yeah, of course, particularly if people have no other option," he said. "These drugs are approved drugs for other reasons."  …
Fauci’s coronavirus reality check: ‘You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.’ We get that: does the idiot in chief undertnd that?  …
My hunch: Dr. Fauci is not directly challenging Trump on reopening the economy because over the next few days the ongoing massacre will explode--and not just in NYC. And Fauci is assuming even Trump and his cult of death will not then be able to ignore public health priorities.
Right. “Listen dipshits, pay attention to Dr. Fauci here and not to the dumbass with the orange gook on his face ....”
Anthony Fauci warns: Coronavirus could return in seasonal cycles unless we get a vaccine  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says COVID-19 “very well might” be cyclical and outbreaks could be experienced seasonally. “It totally emphasizes the need to do what what we’re doing in developing a vaccine, testing it quickly and trying to get it ready.”  
“Rarin’ to go by Easter” -Trump. “The virus has its own timeline”-Fauci
Left-wing propaganda fails to mention that Dr. Anthony Fauci was asked if he would prescribe hydroxychloroquine. "Yeah, of course, particularly if people have no other option," he said. "These drugs are approved drugs for other reasons."  …
Dr. Fauci slammed the media for spinning a narrative that he was butting heads with President Trump over the country’s coronavirus response, calling it “really unfortunate” and “not helpful” that there are stories “pitting” him against the president. 
Going to interview Dr. Fauci today for my @YouTube channel. Does anyone have any questions they’d like for me to ask? Video will go live Sunday am. @ytcreators #covid19 
Fauci says US needs to be prepared for coronavirus to be cyclical  
Anthony Fauci to Trump: "You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline!” on relaxing public health measures...And no Dr Fauci is not a Clinton plant!And, no the COVID19 will not be gone by Easter! CNNPolitics  …
Dr. Fauci: “You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline. So you've got to respond in what you see happen. And if you keep seeing this acceleration, it doesn't matter what you say. 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks - you've got to go with what the situation on the ground is.”  …
Fauci is Deep State ... just another Soros shitkicker ...  …
Literally dreamt that I met Anthony Fauci (he was wearing a giant Homestar Runner costume) and he let me and Orin play with his Lego collection. He was really nice.
Because unless it’s Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx, it’s just bull . Americans want the truth, not what the idiots who made this 100X worse than it had to be.
Amazing how Dr. Fauci called this pandemic in 2017 with such certainty. Probably helps that as an NIH employee he’s not allowed to waste his time on Twitter.  …
"You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline" tRump can't control this, can't wish it away Rely on Fauci & the professionals, just #IgnoreTrump  …
Dr. Fauci Strikes Down Trump’s Economic Plan: “The Virus Makes The Timeline”  …
They should be briefings from Fauci, Birk, and the other medical professionals- providing only info about the virus and its spread. Instead, your dad uses them to spread misinformation and to praise himself. I agree with networks refusing to broadcast that sort of nonsense.
"You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline." Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert, had a straightforward message about how long the novel coronavirus could affect daily life in the US. 
Two titans of @holy_cross: Basketball great Bob Cousy talking about Dr. Anthony Fauci. In my short time here, I've learned that among @hcalumni, respect is authentic and genuine in this extended  …
If you've even heard the name "Fauci" much less have him for an adviser on infectious disease, your plausible deniability for this being intentional drops to the Kelvin scale.
Dr. Fauci has a grim message for Trump: Coronavirus is going to rain on his “beautiful” revival plans. The nation’s top pandemic doc pushed back against’s Trump’s suggestion America will be back to normal by Easter Sunday. “The virus makes the timeline.” 
The 175-year-old Brooklyn Hospital — where Walt Whitman brought peaches & poems  the Civil War wounded and Dr. Anthony Fauci was born has  a war zone. Enormous gratitude to Dr. Sylvie de Souza and the brave medical team leading the fight.  …
The media: We need to stop broadcasting the press conferences where we hear from Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx. Also the media:  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the government's top infectious disease expert, warned last night that we need to be prepared for a possible second cycle of #coronavirus later in the year. @PaulaReidCBS reports from the White 
On Tuesday, I asked Dr Fauci about strong potential for incorrect modeling for ICU beds and vents—numbers were based on the Imperial College study, not the newest Wuhan and Italy data. He didn’t really answer this point.  …
Today on @MorningEdition we put real questions to Dr. Anthony Fauci and Defense Secretary Mark Esper, both doing life-or-death jobs, under enormous pressure. We hear both walking a tightrope. Our daily goal is to bring you real information.
At least put him in charge  Just a daily briefing with Dr. Fauci and this mayor.
Yes the DR Fauci is Deepstate Yes Trump is fully aware 5 steps ahead Guess who will later be used to explain what Gates and gang were up to? - DR Fauci #QAnon  …
National Review’s @rkylesmith on the media’s stoking conflict between Trump and Fauci: “Would you be happy if Omarosa were Trump’s chief adviser on epidemiology?” It’s a fair point, if menacingly stated. And it destroys every argument for re-electing this madman. 
Because a Nigerian man died listening to Trump (and not Dr. Fauci), Nigerians have to be alerted that Chloroquine has NOT been approved to treat the Coronavirus. SMH. We have told y’all a million times to stop listening to our ignorant President. Stay safe. Stay home.  …
Fauci’s coronavirus reality check: "You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline." 
Should states like Florida, where cases are rising, expect to see New York levels soon? Fauci to @NoelKing: "Oh, absolutely. It's predictable... You seed different areas from areas that are hot spots." Urges people leaving New York to self-isolate. @MorningEdition
Dr. Anthony Fauci unveils a mask that could save millions of lives 
Someone needs to tell Dr. Doom Fauci that HOPE HEALS. Studies have proven over and over again that a patient with hope can beat a disease a patient without hope cannot.
Imagine you're lying in your hospital bed. You've just been diagnosed with cancer. You are looking for any shred of hope you can beat this. Dr. Doom Fauci walks into your room and says, "Yeah, this is gonna be really painful, really expensive and you'll just die anyway."
Of course COVID-19  back next year - that's what viruses do. But in this moment of national panic, does Dr. Doom Fauci REALLY need to be running to the cameras to make a big deal about it? Someone needs to explain to the Fauci that part of his job is GIVING HOPE.
Poll: Fauci and Cuomo most trusted leaders on coronavirus  
Is the claim that Dr Fauci and Dr Birx are lying too? About what? Or did they just see the poll numbers?
#CORONAVIRUS update 3/26/2020: *US deaths soar past 1,000. *Italy death toll rises above 7,000 — but number of new cases declines for 4th straight day. *Dr. Anthony Fauci sees risk of 2nd cycle across the globe.  
Fauci says US needs to be prepared for coronavirus to be cyclical  
The good news is that people overwhelmingly put the world-renowned infectious disease specialist 1st. The bad news is the president came in fifth. Dr. Anthony Fauci & Gov. Andrew Cuomo are the most trusted leaders in America on the coronavirus right now.  …
"You don't make the timeline, the virus does." Dr. Anthony Fauci #COVID19 #Coronavirus
Dr. Fauci issues stark warning that coronavirus will 'come back in cycles' and  seasonal  
Dr. Anthony Fauci Shuts Down Media: Trump Hasn’t Overridden Me, ‘Not Helpful’ to Pit Us Against Each Other 
1/ The US is moving toward a red-blue state corona divide: blue staters will look to Fauci, S Korea, and frontline medical personnel on TV and Twitter for advice, and stay home. Red staters will listen to Trump & Hannity, load up on guns, ammo, and anti-malarials, and go to work  …
Have they got anything besides crazy talk? QAnon Followers And Right-Wing Influencers Are Falsely Accusing Dr. Anthony Fauci Of Being A Deep State Plant  … via @broderick
Dr. Fauci Debunks Liberal Media Claim That Trump "Doesn't Follow The Science" Trump always follows the science  …
I feel like #45 is going to kill us all with his pride. With many of his critics and people he dislikes saying that Easter is too soon, he’ll prob double down on Easter as the target date because he hates being wrong/told what to do. Fauci, help us and knock some sense into him
The fake news media is spinning a new and wildly phony tale that President Trump and Dr. Fauci are at "odds." And Dr. Fauci is sick and tired of it  …
Poll: Fauci and Cuomo most trusted leaders on coronavirus  
Fauci telling it like it is. “More likely than not” that #COVID19 will continue  back with resurgence in the  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci on President Trump: "I can't jump in front of the microphone and push him down"  
Even though Trump would like to reopen the country by Easter, Dr. Anthony Fauci warned that this pandemic is far from over. Virologist @curefinder tells @Lawrence that by the time we reach Easter, the U.S. will be in a far worse situation than we are now.  
Impact has been profound! Bahrain+Belgium report hospitals are successfully treating CV patients w hydroxychloroquine, touted by Trump as a possible breakthrough in the pandemic. No doubt, Left hates Trump given cred for pushing the med, DESPITE FENCE SITTER FAUCI
Seriously the only thing that should be on TV are PS4 Madden tournaments and WH Fauci/Birx briefings.
This is a question for Trump or Pompeo. Not Fauci. Jesus Christ.  …
Dr. Fauci walks away from a reporter who asks him about the @WHO praising China's response to Coronavirus "I don't have any viewpoint into that ... I don't even know what your question is."  @realDonaldTrump, who turns to Fauci and says:  to the group." 
Except today, I believe both @CNN & @MSNBC cut away from the briefing while dr Fauci, the only credible person there, was speaking. Cut from trump, not the doctors  …
Fauci: 'You don't make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline' on relaxing public health measures  …
“You’ve got to understand that you don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.” —Dr. Fauci #MAGA!
Dr. #Fauci is #DeepState. He knew about #chloroquine as an effective cure for SARS-COVID-1 and didn't tell the public. He is also friends with #vaccine maker and FORMER #Microsoft board member and #Epstein buddy Bill #Gates...  … 
Dr. Fauci said today that the mask  quickly and that it isn't desperate enough of a situation for volunteers to be sewing masks at home. I think my confidence in him is a bit shaken. I keep reading that HCWs don't have masks. It seems no one knows what is happening.
Just a Pandemic Response Team HE disbanded in 2018 that were EXPERTS & Already had Protocols in Place to Take Charge with ACTION PLANS & TESTING Ask Dr Fauci 
ONLINE POLL: #Fauci, #Cuomo MOST TRUSTED leaders Cuomo scored an average 3.29 out of five for TRUSTWORTHINESS, with at least 75% of Americans rating him a three or higher and more than a fifth (22%) rating him a five out of five  …
The pandemic is ‘accelerating’ and we don’t know what’s going on in much of the country: Dr. Fauci | Raw Story  … via rawstory
Why does Trump call Dr. Fauci by his first name? It is very annoying!!!!! And so disrespectful!
14. If Covid-19 returns next year, as Fauci indicted it might, why don’t we skip bailing out the same old industries  and focus on funding  and scientists that  up with better vaccines and help avert such pandemics and shutdowns in future?  …
On chloroquine/HQC: "Would you, as a doctor, prescribe this for your patient?" Fauci said "yes."
“Andrew Cuomo and Dr. Fauci : The very best of New York. Donald Trump: The very worst of New York”.
Even though Trump would like to reopen the country by Easter, Dr. Anthony Fauci warned that this pandemic is far from over. Virologist @curefinder tells @Lawrence that by the time we reach Easter, the U.S. will be in a far worse situation than we are now.  
It was Dr. Fauci's love letters to Hillary and his chill manner discussing H1N1 in 2009 that put me off on the guy.
Fauci: "The virus makes the timeline" on lifting coronavirus restrictions 
“You’ve got to be realistic,” Fauci said on CNN. “If you keep seeing this acceleration, it doesn’t matter what you say." 
Poll: Fauci and Cuomo most trusted leaders on coronavirus  
So many missed opportunities to be prepared: A prescient Fauci in 2017... “No doubt” Trump will face surprise infectious disease outbreak during his presidency  
Stop trying to get Dr. Fauci fired, you idiots, by @rkylesmith  
honest q: at what point does the media have a responsibility not to play up the trump vs fauci narrative? (which is clearly pissing off the president and making it more likely he'd demote/fire him/take him off task force)  …
Are you an insane person? He’s dealing with an unprecedented crisis & you want him to do photo ops with small businesses & first responders? I’d rather he was in the White House meeting with medical experts like Dr Fauci, Dr Birx & the surgeon general Dr Adams.  …
“You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.” — Dr. Anthony Fauci
Fauci told CNN’s @ChrisCuomo: “You’ve got to respond in what you see happen. And if you keep seeing this acceleration, it doesn't matter what you say. One week, two weeks, three weeks -- you've got to go with what the situation on the ground is.”
I’d like to preemptively nominate the following people for TIME magazine’s 2020 Person of the Year: Dr. Fauci Gov. Andrew Cuomo doctors & nurses everywhere I would also like to preemptively nominate the following people for 2020 Darwin Award: Governors of Florida and Mississippi
What is wrong with Dr. Fauci’s actual voice? It worries me that he always sounds hoarse.
Dr. Fauci is apparently unaware the WHO said travel to and from China was safe, and that the WHO repeated (it's on Twitter) China's claim that coronavirus wasn't contagious from human-to-human contact. WHAT THE FUCK  …
FAUCI: "You can't make an arbitrary decision until you see what you're dealing with. You need the data."
She explains why some of the widely circulated projections are not sound. It is imperative that networks carry these pressers. And, once more thank god for Dr Birx & Dr Fauci.  …
Dr. Fauci is the real deal 
The pandemic is 'accelerating' and we don't know what's going on in much of the country: Dr. Fauci  …
If the goal is saving lives and stopping spread of the disease, I really question the wisdom of Dr Fauci continuing to work within the system. If he truly believes Trump is misleading or endangering the public, shouldn’t he say so?
You want a disaster? You want millions dead and dying? You want to rip the soul from our nation? Shut down our economy over a virus. Don't listen to Hillary plant Dr. Doom Fauci. Reopen America by Easter Mr President. We aren't a nation of scared babies.
The Governor of Mississippi thinks he's smarter than Fauci, Darwin, and the WHO. His voters and anyone  in contact with will be the ones paying the price of the check he writes.
Fauci basically a double agent sent by the American public and science to infiltrate the Trump Administration and try his best to guide this country from falling off the cliff.  …
The coronavirus pandemic is “accelerating” in the US and “there are other parts of the country which we need to get a better feel for what is going on,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Dr. Fauci says he expects coronavirus will likely have another wave, another season which is why he believes development of a vaccine and treatment options are critical.
Dr. Anthony Fauci to @ChrisCuomo on @CNN: “You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline. So you’ve got to respond, in what you see happen…you can’t make an arbitrary decision until you see what you’re dealing with. You need the data.” #RealityCheck
Anthony Fauci is a 79 year old man who runs three miles a day while saving tens of thousands of lives by managing both a pandemic and a narcissistic bully at the same time. I want him to be beloved. I want humans to sing love songs to his memory in the year 2500.
Dr Fauci thinks NYC healthcare system surge will be up to task of coronavirus case explosion. Best news I’ve heard since the crisis started.
Fauci added: “One week, two weeks, three weeks -- you've got to go with what the situation on the ground is.”
Dr. Fauci: “You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline. So you've got to respond in what you see happen. And if you keep seeing this acceleration, it doesn't matter what you say. 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks - you've got to go with what the situation on the ground is.”
“You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline.” — Dr. Anthony Fauci
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells @chriscuomo he believes it is “more likely than not” that there will be another seasonal coronavirus wave, raising the urgency for the creation and preparation of a vaccine.  
Dr. Fauci just said he expects COVID19 will be cyclical. That means the curve we’re trying to flatten now is really just the first wave. We need Medicare For All, more than ever.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Wonder why Fauci went against Trump on Chloroquine and now is changing his tune? Fight between President Trump and Bill Gates, who is working with Fauci on vaccine. Many millions of Gates dollars are at play. READ the story Riling Washington!  …
New: The coronavirus pandemic is “accelerating” in the US and “there are other parts of the country which we need to get a better feel for what is going on,” Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told my colleague @ChrisCuomo
We listen to Dr. Fauci. Fox watchers listen to Trump. The health expert relies on science. The president* relies on lies.  …
Poll: Fauci and Cuomo most trusted leaders on coronavirus  
Dr. Anthony Fauci giving a clinic on CNN. Giving the real. Respect. FYI.
“You don’t make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci on when coronavirus restrictions could be lifted. “...You have got to go with what the situation on the ground is... you need the data.”  
Dr. Fauci just said to @ChrisCuomo on @CNN "You don't set the timetable. The virus sets the timeline." Ok, Dr. Fauci. Then why do you stand by Trump in briefing after briefing and allow that soulless motherless fuck to keep saying Easter? Why not say "Easter is not realistic"
I've seen Dr. Fauci on CNN. I've seen Dr. Fauci on Fox News. Commentators on both praise him. Is there anyone who doesn't love Dr. Fauci? Anywhere I see him, he handles every question with incredible ease. Absolute superstar.
Fauci on when we can get back to normal: "You don't make the timeline. The virus makes the timeline."
Fauci tells @ChrisCuomo: “You don’t get to make the timeline, the virus makes the timeline.” I wonder if he’s said that line to Trump.
This dialogue between a brilliant young journalist and Dr. Fauci is very concerning. #Fauci  deflects inquiry regarding issues raised by @marcorubio and @RepMcCaul about @DrTedros from @WHO regarding loyalty to #China and the spread of propaganda and 
self-care in 2019: yoga, bubble baths, sleeping in self-care in 2020: listening to anthony fauci explain things
"So people in bars and in restaurants and on the streets hugging each other, in crowds, it  frustrates me to see that." -- Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of Natl Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health. You listening Sweden?
Fauci on CNN saying that Italy got hit so hard because a lot of tourists from China brought coronavirus in and spread it widely before anyone there knew what was going on.
Anthony Fauci: the face of America's fight against coronavirus - the wisdom and accumulated life-long experience of this 79 year-old a shining metaphor of the value of ageing into later life and rebuff to ageist #COVID19  …
37 min ago- Dr. Anthony Fauci: “We are in the escalating phase of a very serious pandemic. That is a fact. We have got to realize that and to prepare and respond. The coronavirus is NOT under control.”
Dr. Fauci announced that the #coronavirus is "not in control." That is the only important fact from today's regularly scheduled Trump disinformation broadcast session. Naturally, it  from the president. That's why we need #DoctorsOnlyPressConferences.
Fauci *been* Steph Curry with the shot / Been cooking with the sauce / Chef Curry with the pot... @NIAIDNews  …
Is this a threat ? FAUCI: "I know we'll be successful in putting this down now. But we really need to be prepared for another cycle."  …
Dear Mr. #BestPresidentEver45 @realDonaldTrump : F THE #FakeNewsMedia F @TheDemocrats F #Fauci F #China F the #CoronaVirus F #PorkBarrelPelosi WE WANT #America BACK IN BUSINESS NOW DO IT WE LOVE YOU #AmericaFirst  …
Steph Curry will host a panel with Dr. Anthony Fauci at 1 p.m. ET Thursday on Instagram Live. Fauci will answer questions about COVID-19 from Curry and fans.  …
Warriors star Stephen Curry will moderate a panel about the coronavirus Thursday, with expert Anthony Fauci taking questions from Curry and fans.  …
I think I’m developing a crush on Dr. Fauci. Is that a symptom?
Birx and Mnunchin drop their hands to their sides for the president and Fauci stays cross armed...like a badass
Dr. Anthony Fauci said that the U.S. and other countries "need to be prepared for another cycle" of coronavirus next winter.  …
Meanwhile, this from Dr Fauci, the only sane adult in the room: The coronavirus seems like it  back in "cycles." "We really need to be prepared for another cycle.”
Donuts Delite made donuts to honor Dr. Anthony Fauci for his efforts to help America. Fauci Logo Donuts available for Touch-Less Delivery, Take-Out & Curb-Side Pick-Up. 585-288-5555 @SPECNewsROC #ROC 
One of the only silver linings of this whole miserable mess of times is reaching out to, and hearing from, old friends just checking in. It’s wonderful. And when Dr Fauci says it’s ok, I’m throwing a yuge party for all of us.
This is the only way we can get data, facts and reality... #Fauci #Trump #coronavirus 
During the Pandemic, Steph has used his platform/$/time to: - Financially support Arena/Team Employees -Fundraise for Children -Providing more than 1 Million Meals for Students -Partnering with Leading Medical Voice, Dr. Fauci to create awareness + impact  Worldwide
Dr. Fauci out here about to dunk on misinformation — on @StephenCurry30 IG 
Dr. Fauci found a mask that's readily available and can save millions. #COVID2019 #COVIDIDIOT #TrumpPressConf 
Reps. Grijalva and Gallego have argued in a letter to Dr. Fauci that  are endangering public health. "What the President doesn't understand or care about is how his words quite literally mean the difference between life and death."  …
Fauci says US needs to be prepared for coronavirus to be cyclical  
Dear Dr. Fauci: This PPE shortage is not getting better. It's getting worse. I have a list of dozens of hospitals and medical centers clamoring for DIY/cloth masks. Don't lie to us. We get that enough with Trump. 
Dear Dr. Fauci: Supply shortage forcing doctors and nurses to wear Halloween masks, ski goggles to protect themselves  … #GetMePPE
TONIGHT >> @JoeBiden also appeared on @CBSEveningNews with @MajorCBS, saying that he wishes Donald Trump would "step aside" during the White House coronavirus briefings "and let Dr. Fauci and the experts speak." 
"We need to be prepared that we'll get a cycle around a second time." Dr. Fauci says data suggests the coronavirus could be a cyclical virus, emphasizing the need to establish a vaccine and drugs  it. 
Thank you Mr. President and @stevenmnuchin1 for explaining more clearly the parts of the stimulus plan, and the fact that more funds are secured if needed! Thanks also to @Mike_Pence, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx and everyone else on the team that's working so hard for us all!
I do think there should be a Zoom background that lets you put Anthony Fauci behind you.
Between Dr. Fauci snapping at a reporters stupid question and Dr. Birx talking about fear-mongering, I get the impression that the good Drs. are fed up with the MSM. Thought it was funny when Trump looked at Fauci and said “see what I have to deal with”.
Both Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx spoke at the presser, you hack.  …
Poll: Fauci and Cuomo most trusted leaders on coronavirus  
Everyone is overjoyed—but I MUST place a damper. This will only be a temporary measure, possibly a few days. Dr. Tony Fauci’s position is already threatened, and the president will not tolerate this for long.
Uh...please tell that to the people who are desperately emailing me, asking if I can send them just *one* N95 mask because the *one* they were issued literally has blood spatter on it now. Seriously, it's hard to take Fauci seriously when he's this out of touch.  …
Of course they should. Sure Trump rambles and boasts and lets unserious reporters bait him. But Pence does a crisp job of outlining what’s being done and Drs. Fauci and Birx have been superb in explaining the virus and how to interpret the new  in every day.  …
**NEW: In tonight's White House press briefing alongside VP Pence.. Dr. Anthony Fauci says: "We really need to be prepared for another cycle" of the coronavirus. @OANN
Dr. Fauci said during the press briefing today that there is mounting evidence that the #coronavirus could be a seasonal/cyclical virus that will make a resurgence in the winter. We need to be prepared for that, he 
In Dr. Fauci we trust.  …
Dr. Fauci says he doesn't see sewing masks "as a necessity" because that would only be needed in "desperate" situations. Healthcare workers in some hospitals have described their situations as desperate and have said they are facing shortages of masks and are reusing masks.
Can Dr Birx and Dr Fauci do the whole briefings from here on out?  and confidence-inspiring.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci unveils a mask that could save millions of lives 
Responding to question from @PaulaReidCBS, Dr Fauci says no need for homemade face masks for medical personnel treating Coronavirus patients, because supplies of professional masks now being replenished. But also says homemade mask better than none at all. 
Important: Dr. Fauci says sewing masks is not necessary based on current conditions. Q: Is it helpful for people to be sewing masks for health workers and others to wear? Fauci: You would only  that under "desperate" situations. "I don't see that now as a necessity."
According to Fauci, sewing cloth masks is unnecessary because no one is struggling to obtain masks. “I’m not seeing that.” Really? Because I’m seeing that, and I’m not even a health care worker.
Dr. Fauci: "We really need to be prepared for another cycle."
I've always said that Dr. Fauci is one of the top Faucis of all time name a better Fauci I'll wait.
Dr. Anthony Fauci says COVID-19 “very well might” be cyclical and outbreaks could be experienced seasonally. “It totally emphasizes the need to do what what we’re doing in developing a vaccine, testing it quickly and trying to get it ready.”  
NEW: Dr. Fauci says #COVID-19  back in " cycles", the nation's top infectious disease specialist just said at WH #Coronavirus briefing. "We really need to be prepared for another cycle," Fauci says.
Dr Fauci warns that there may be another coronavirus cycle/outbreak in the winter. 
Fauci says we "really need to prepare for another cycle" of coronavirus as other countries see winter and potentially develop new cases and spread them.
Dr FAUCI FOR PRESIDENT!!!  to hear someone with a brain talking about this crisis!!!
FAUCI: "I know we'll be successful in putting this down now. But we really need to be prepared for another cycle."  …
Big. Dr. Fauci saying that the coronavirus seems like it  back in "cycles." "We really need to be prepared for another cycle," Dr. Fauci said.
Fauci says coronavirus could very well  a "seasonal, cycling thing" -- noting rise in cases in Southern Hemisphere as weather cools.
Fauci: Many of you have asked is if this will be a seasonal, cyclic thing. And I think it very well might.
Words of caution from Fauci who notes China has seen Coronavirus  into their country after relaxing restrictions on travel.
Dr. Fauci just "apologized" to a journalist at the briefing for being "curt" in responding to an earlier question. That's unusual at that podium.
Anthony Fauci bitch slaps reporter. Reporter: "what do you think about the reports praising China for its leadership and response on the pandemic? Dr. Fauci: "I don't even know what your question is." Trump to Fauci:  to the team" 
#Presidementia 3/25 Briefing (6) Question about WHO, Trump says there is “a lot of talk about how they are unfair, biased toward China.” Fauci steps in to bail Trump out. Does so. Trump takes Mike back & brags that he himself saved thousand & thousands that would have died!”
The Big-3 broadcast networks right now while the Coronavirus task force is briefing the country. Note: President Trump left the briefing, leaving experts Dr. Fauci, Dr. Birx along with VP Pence left taking questions. 
The far right wing wants to turn Dr. Fauci into a villain? He is a true American hero, simply for telling the truth even in the face of Trump's wrath.
Reporter: "W.H.O. Is praising China for its transparency and leadership in its response to the pandemic." Dr. Fauci: "I  on that... I don't know what your question is." @realDonaldTrump:  to the 
Fauci has had enough of your crap 
"We're the ones who kept China out of here and if I hadn't have done that thousands and thousands of people would have died." Trump just said this after Dr. Fauci tries to put out the flames from his disaster answer on the WHO. This is NUTS.
Fauci to media: Stop trying to pit me against Trump, please The head of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases told the media to stop trying to force a split at a time when we need unity more than ever:  …
Dr. Fauci walks away from a reporter who asks him about the @WHO praising China's response to Coronavirus "I don't have any viewpoint into that ... I don't even know what your question is."  @realDonaldTrump, who turns to Fauci and says:  to the group." 
Why is CNN cutting away from this press conference the minute Trump leaves? Why not stick around and hear from Fauci, Birx and the actual experts who know what they are talking about? The rest is self-congratulatory propaganda.
Trump is now saying that the World Heath Organization is very "one-sided" and siding with China and that he has "heard for years that there is very much bias with China." Then Dr. Fauci hustles in to quickly take over the podium and try and turn it around. OMG.
"I don't even know what your question is." -- Dr. Fauci puts the White House Press in its place and it was glorious to watch. 
Press tried to get Fauci on WHO politicization by China (WHO does China’s bidding) and Fauci couldn’t get away from the podium fast enough (smart of him to focus on pandemic). He got backup from Trump who turned it into a statement against press narrative on travel moratorium.
Fed up Fauci is the best Fauci.
Asked what we should expect when the 15-day period ends, Trump says he'll be speaking with Fauci, Birx and colleagues they respect, plus Pence and Mnuchin.
where the fuck is #FAUCI ? #letSCIENTISTSspeak
Tom Hanks is gonna play Anthony Fauci someday, isn't he?
BREAKING: Trump and Mnuchin spoke, then Trump moved immediately on to questions. Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx didn’t even speak. Raise your hand if you agree we need #DoctorsOnlyPressConferences!
GOOD NEWS TRUMP IS ON TAPE! Featuring DR Anthony Fauci! RT if you think only medical professionals to brief us about COVID-19 
Tonight we have Dr. Anthony Fauci on to talk #coronavirus. Tune in to @CuomoPrimeTime at 9PM ET and let's get after 
BREAKING NEWS: DR.FAUCI ANNOUNCES A NEW MASK THAT WILL SAVE THOUSANDS OF LIVES #COVID19 #COVIDIDIOTS #CORONAVIRUS 
Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci are BOTH at today's briefing. HOWEVER, The president DID NOT call on them to  per usual. Only had Sec. Mnuchin speak, and now he's gone right into answering reporter questions. #coronavirus
Fauci discovers new life-saving face mask. 
BREAKING NEWS: NIH infectious disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci announced a new face mask that will save millions of American lives #SCASKSFAUCI 
