Dr. Fauci: The most at risk of dying from the Coronavirus are elderly people with underlying conditions, like obesity Trump: *Suddenly worried* Wait, he's literally describing me 
Dr. Anthony Fauci's confirmation that ~ 20% of #Coronavirus patients will require hospitalization at some time in their care — necessitates an urgent need for: • Early and massive testing • Containment • Accurate information and education
Coronavirus fear-mongering alert! Joy Reid just asked if Dr. Fauci still works for the government. Former Obama HHS Secretary then says Dr. Fauci is "not being allowed to give information directly to the public." Dr. Fauci briefed the American people less than 5 hours ago. 
True even CNBC was asking about Dr Fauci.. wanted to do an interview with him but WH said no.. ie VP Pence's task force is nothing more than trump's political protection scheme..
Ignorance on display: MSNBC host Joy Reid has absolutely no idea that Dr. Anthony Fauci, who stood with POTUS at WH press conference, works for the government 
Dr. Fauci said 15-20% who get coronavirus will need hospitalization. Coronavirus also has about 2% mortality rate. That’s what makes it different from the flu. It’s far more serious.
On a story like this where they lied about Trump muzzling Dr. Fauci to millions, the media really doesn’t care that their lie is exposed because 1,000,000+ will never hear the correction, so the lie is still the truth to those people. Media carried out the smear as intended.
MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Accuses Trump of Muzzling Dr. Fauci from Speaking to Reporters - Dr. Fauci Then Tells Reporters "I Was Not Muzzled" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
During today’s coronavirus presser, Dr. Fauci announced that elderly, obese individuals are at higher risk of falling ill to coronavirus and, tragically, failing to recover. Donald Trump seemed unusually attentive. 
The Trump admin is expanding a travel ban from Iran & stage four travel warning to parts of Italy & South Korea. A reporter accused Trump of “muzzling” Doctor Fauci. Trump: "Very dishonest question" Doctor FAUCI: “I’ve never been muzzled." Boom!! 
Dr. Fauci: "I have never been muzzled." 
Q: "Can you tell us that... Dr. Fauci will have every opportunity to tell us the truth and the facts?" President Trump: "That's a very dishonest question." 
Despite claims Fauci is not being "muzzled", Fauci is being muzzled.
UPDATE: Mike Pence will now appear on 3 Sunday shows (NBC, CNN, Fox Business) Fauci is not scheduled to appear at all.  …
Always a calm but honest spokesman, Fauci was booked to appear this Sunday on all the major television news shows. (On Friday, Pence’s office told him to withdraw from each of them.)” THERE IT IS, FOLKS! OUT FOR #1, AS ALWAYS.
Fauci is a discreet man, but the look on his face could not hide his shock at hearing the President, a self-described germaphobe, brag that he knows nothing about the diseases that constantly threaten the people he was elected to lead.
Trump said this in public, standing next to Anthony Fauci, who, for decades, as the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has been the government’s most prominent and reliable authority on subjects ranging from aids to sars, Ebola, and influenza.”
Watch fake news breakdown in real-time. Media pushed a lie to millions that Dr. Fauci had been muzzled from speaking to the public. It was totally made up by anonymous sources. "I’ve never been muzzled and I’ve been doing this since Reagan" - Doctor Fauci 
Today Dr Fauci the infectious disease expert said he wasn’t being muzzled by trump. He just first had to submit what he was going to say on tv for them to approve it. That’s muzzled! Trump should be having Drs approve before he speaks not the other way around!
Outbreak messaging is a delicate balance of conveying urgency so people take things seriously but not causing panic that itself does harm. Fauci is good at this. Trump's ideal response going forward might be: I defer to Dr. Fauci, whom I've asked to do a daily press conference.
The journo that asked the idiotic “Has Dr. Fauci been muzzled” question got the smackdown she deserved. Our Media is such a joke. 
Media Hoaxes: No, Trump Did Not Call Coronavirus a Hoax, and No, Fauci Was Not “Muzzled”  …
So during the press conference, Dr. Fauci said 49,080,000 - 65,440,000 people are going to be hospitalized? Those are staggering numbers. If the expected death rate of 2% is applied that is 981,600 - 1,308,800 Americans will be dead due to Trump's 
#fakenews strikes again Dr. Fauci himself said he was not muzzled  …
We spoke to the NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci about his aspiration that we would develop "the ability to rapidly respond to something brand new," such as a pandemic - but, as he said in November, "we have a ways to go." Watch more GZERO World:  
#MSNBC Dr. Fauci said obese elderly were at high risk of dying from COVID-19. Look how closely Donnie is listening, for once.  …
Who's more likely to protect American public from #COVID19 vs providing fake news to protect Trump? Anthony Fauci- leading pandemic scientist? OR Mike Pence- leading Trump toady/antiscientist/"thoughts & prayers" religious fanatic?  …
Dr. Fauci is not muzzled, he is just sleeping in the dog house.
Dr. Fauci’s mouth was saying “I have not been muzzled at all,” but his eyes were saying, “Yeah, I’m dealing with a giant sack of assholes, whatareyougonnado?” #coronavirus #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdates #Hoax #HoaxPresident
And that gets at the biggest variable on crisis mgmt capacity: not the team around the President, but the President himself. The team around him is solid. Azar, Fauci, Birx, Redfield  and at career level the same folks will work this regardless of administration.
“I have not been muzzled at all," Dr. Tony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters here at the @WhiteHouse this  …
Trump never said #coronavirus was a hoax. That's fake news. He said that Dems were using fake news about it to attack him and spread panic as the latest Dem hoax. Perfect example right here which is immediately debunked by Dr. Fauci:  …
Fauci said today he wasn’t being muzzled. I guess that depends on your definition of “muzzled.” They didn’t put an actual physical muzzle on him, that’s true.  …
Anthony Fauci, who the Trump administration barred from speaking freely, is a public-health hero. || Via BusinessInsider  …
MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Accuses Trump of Muzzling Dr. Fauci from Speaking to Reporters - Dr. Fauci Then Tells Reporters "I Was Not Muzzled" (VIDEO) Only brainwashed DEADBEATS Listen to anything FAKE NEWS reports  … via @gatewaypundit
If Dr. Fauci wasn’t being muzzled why did he have to “stand down” and not go on weekend shows until he met with Trump’s team for “clearance”? #HoaxPresident #Fauci #hoax #coronavirus 
The media is furious that the President of the United States is not in a panic and panicking the American people about Coronavirus. But if he was panicking they would attack him for that. He cannot win with them. Level 4 #Coronavid19 Italy And South Korea Fauci.
Dr. Fauci confirms that around 20% of #coronavirus patients require hospitalization. That's the crux of the problem. Our hospitals don't have this capacity.
100% true. I worked with Tony Fauci during the 2001 anthrax attacks. He is serious and solid.  …
A POS “reporter” tried to have a gotcha moment by asking @realDonaldTrump “Why have you been muzzling Doctor Fauci? I dont think she realized Dr Fauci was right there "I’ve never been muzzled and I’ve been doing this since Reagan." Dr Fauci responded.” 
Dr. Anthony Fauci: If President @realDonaldTrump had not prevented travel from China “we would have had many many more cases” in the 
WOW!! Trump did NOT like it when he was called out for controlling information flow and preventing Dr. Fauci from telling Americans what is really going on!! #HoaxPresident #hoax #Fauci 
No one appears to have asked Fauci or Azar or the rest about what is being done to figure out how people with no known travel to affected places or contact with quarantined people contracted Coronavirus  spread.
Mike Pence is not happy when Dr. Fauci says: "You'll hear in the media a college student just died, it's going to happen." 
One person has died from Coronavirus in the United states. They were medically high risk. How many have died from flu? #Fauci #CoronaVirusUpdate.
VIDEO A reporter just asked President Trump: Why have you been muzzling Doctor Fauci? "I’ve never been muzzled and I’ve been doing this since Reagan." Doctor Fauci responded. 
Forcing Dr. Fauci  down to the White House from Maryland and stand around as this politician bloviates about the economy is taking him away from his job. This is idiotic! Free him to do his job. And let him talk to us without Trump and Pence breathing on his neck.
Fauci is on video debunking your lie that he was muzzled  …
Dr. Fauci was clearly told to praise Trump’s decision to stop flights from China is his remarks. These are campaign bullet points, not updates. They should all be ashamed. @realDonaldTrump
Someone ask trump why dr Fauci can’t go on the Sunday shows? 
I would have a lot more confidence in this coronavirus briefing if it were being delivered by Dr Fauci and other experts without Trump and Pence looming over their shoulders--and if everyone didn't  to shower Trump with Dear Leader-like praise.
Fauci says "the vast majority" of people very seriously affected by the virus are elderly or have conditions, but you'll also get some "one-off" situations where a normal 25-year-old is in bad shape. (He's speaking less rosily than Trump and his team.)  …
The fact that almost 90 seconds was spent on anonymous sources saying that Dr. Fauci was being sidelined instead of really anything else pertaining to the #coronavirus was so dumb. ABC's Kyra Phillips (who's usually not bad) doing her best Jim Acosta 
Most people who contract Coronavirus experience a flu like situation, Dr. Fauci says, and will be OK. 15-20% of those who contract will need hospitalization. The vast majority of people who "get into trouble" are of advanced age and/or had previous underlying conditions.
Fauci says he hasn't been muzzled but says he had to cancel some appearances and resubmit a request for clearance after Vice President Pence took over. Fauci deserves all the respect in the world. Having to run these things through the political machine like this is not good.
“If @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has not restricted travel from China early on, we would be in a much worse situation.” Dr. Anthony Fauci. #CoronaVirus19 
Dr. Anthony Fauci at the WH this afternoon: “I have not been muzzled at all. That was a real misrepresentation of what happened.”
Fauci says he's never been muzzled and is not being muzzled by the Trump team. He said he had to "stand down on a couple of shows" as the administration figured out  but he was cleared to talk when he re-submitted the appearances for approval.
“He was never muzzled,” Trump says. Fauci says he wasn’t “muzzled,” that he had to “stand down” on some TV shows when Pence took  and that he was then “re-cleared.” Says it was a “misinterpretation” that it was more than that.
In an era of distrust, all Americans can take whatever Dr. Anthony Fauci says to the bank. His experience in the field of immunology has no equal, his credibility is rock solid 
Fauci says don't be surprised that there will be additional cases announced, since this is a "community spread" situation and the US can't be immune.
Fauci says there's no need to panic. Focusing on limiting travel to high risk regions and taking normal precautions at home (presumably including hand washing).
Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says, "The country as a whole...still remains at low risk. But when we say that, we want to underscore that this is an evolving situation."
When  to the coronavirus, I only want to hear from Dr. Tony Fauci from this point forward. All Trump, Pence, and Azar do is falsely paint how seamless and perfect their response has been.
Glad to see Tony Fauci up there. He was MVP of Ebola team. AmerIca can have faith in him.
“If we had not (limited China travel), we’d have many more cases here.” - Dr. Fauci #coronavirus
1. Trump looks heavily drugged, as if he’ll fall over mid-sentence discussing his coronavirus triumphs. 2. Pence serves up his usual stream of obsequious adoration for the unprecedented genius of Trump. 3. Dr. Tony Fauci, the silenced expert, tries desperately to maintain dignity
Dr. Tony Fauci: “The country as a whole still remains at low risk.” But he  spread presents a new challenge for the US
Oh good, here's Fauci. I have no interest in anything any of the others have to say.
Have to say that America probably didn’t realize they were going to end up getting medical advice from Mike Pence instead of Tony Fauci  …
If it  from Anthony Fauci, it's worthless.
Pence is doing much better than Trump, but I'd rather be hearing from Fauci, Redfield, Birx.
Q: Dr. Fauci, can you give us an update on the Coronavirus pandemic? Fauci: Uh, no. Q: We’re relying on you to inform us. Fauci: I’m not at liberty to say. Q: How will we know anything? Fauci: The VP will issue an update when he discovers science.  …
FAKE NEWS NY TIMES LYING AGAIN Fauci: 'I'm Not Being Muzzled' - The U.S. Will 'See Additional Cases' of Coronavirus  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, denied a report by the New York Times that he was told to not make any statements without clearance by the White House. 
The end portion of this story, with Pence and Azar replacing Fauci on the Sunday shows, is one of those things that might be innocuous if this administration had, like, any credibility.  …
Early snapshot #COVID19 from Fauci ET al: * Mean age 59 years * No cases less than 15 years old * Mortality estimated likely < 1% * R0 = 2.2 Estimates highly influenced by missing mild cases. Covid-19 — Navigating the Uncharted | NEJM  …
Anthony Fauci, who the Trump administration barred from speaking freely, is a public-health hero. | Via BusinessInsider  …
No, a top disease expert, Dr. Dr. Anthony Fauci, was NOT silenced from speaking out about coronavirus by the Trump administration. “I’m not being muzzled," Dr. Fauci said when asked about the Establishment Media's inaccurate reporting to the contrary.  …
Dr. Fauci had to literally grab the microphone to contradict what Donald Trump had just said.. that he was wrong to say that we would have a vaccine rapidly. Just watch Trump... he doesn't appear to be listening while doc says it will be 2-3 months before a vaccine will be found 
A fantastic #SaturdayThoughts read from ⁦ @NIH⁩ Dr. Fauci and ⁦ @CDCgov⁩ Dr. Redfield Covid-19 — Navigating the Uncharted | NEJM  …
The #Trump admin seems to have sidelined Dr. Anthony Fauci because his message on #COVID19 vaccine development was considerably graver than the #POTUS claim that we'll have one in 2 months. Read this Fauci assessment of the epidemic. @gregggonsalves  …
Trump & Pence both need to be stopped at once. This is insane. Anthony Fauci’s expertise is critical right now.  …
"That  misconstrued," Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, reacts to NYTimes reporting that the White House had instructed him not to say anything else without clearance. "I'm not being muzzled." 
Dr. Anthony Fauci of the NIH on coronavirus: "There is no need to change anything you're doing on a day by day basis. Right now the risk is still low but this could change." 
Fauci: ‘I’m Not Being Muzzled’ – The U.S. Will ‘See Additional Cases’ of Coronavirus  …
Coming up on @TODAYshow with me and @PeterAlexander we’ll have the latest on the Coronavirus with Dr. Anthony Fauci and the SC Dem Primary.. we interview @PeteButtigieg
This morning @TODAYshow getting a coronavirus reality check w Dr. Anthony Fauci & talking SC primary with @PeteButtigieg. Good to be back from India & Orlando, with 
But Tony Fauci - head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the NIH for 36 yrs now (!) - needs Mike Pence's approval to speak publicly. This is governing by mental illness. Ignore this idiot. NIAID:  … CDC:   …
Please retweet if you want to hear directly from Dr. Anthony Fauci from the NIH. He could tell us how to stay healthy, what to expect, and take questions.  …
In a former life I was fascinate by virology and infectious diseases. Anthony Fauci was one of my heros. He is a world renowned expert in infectious diseases. This is an insult.  …
45* has barred Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), from speaking publicly about the novel coronavirus without approval after he warned the coronavirus might be impossible to contain.  …
I called my rep and senators today. My message was that they need to get LOUD in the press about the fact that scientists & doctors are being muzzled by the administration. E.g. Fauci is world-renown, and he has to clear his remarks through Pence? Pffft. 
Anthony Fauci, a respected expert on infectious diseases, who worked in both Democratic & Republican Administrations, has been denied appearances on the Sunday news shows. The Malignant Narcissist is now fucking with people’s lives.
Joe Biden: "I heard on the news this morning, Dr. Fauci is not allowed to speak publicly. What is this all about?" 
Closer to a Cure: Dr. Anthony Fauci projects a Coronavirus vaccine will be tested within the next two months, bringing us closer  the virus. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
This is a supremely foolish decision by the administration. Dr Fauci is knowledgeable, clear and straightforward. The public needs to hear from him. Silencing him speaks volumes about the government’s response to this crisis.  …
this is not ok #COVID2019 #TrumpLies we need to hear from #FAUCI  …
Coronavirus: Trump admin bars Anthony Fauci from discussing outbreak - Business Insider Only would an authoritarian dictatorship muzzle officials from warning the public of disease.  …
Dr. Fauci was booked on shows over the weekend but had to have those appearances reaurhorized by Pence’s office after the VP was placed in charge of Coronavirus response, a source familiar with the situation says. But the source said Fauci is not being muzzled.
Key principle in responding to #coronavirus: scientists should speak directly to the public. When science is run through a political filter, truth  Public trust breaks down. Scientists like Tony Fauci should speak without censorship.  …
Trump will not permit experts like Tony Fauci to provide the public with information about coronavirus, because he wants “consistent messaging.” To help calm the markets. So we get this:  …
We shouldn’t overly politicize #COVID19 epidemic. In very least, scientists/experts should have free speech. “I was to go on Sunday talk shows. The VP’s office then took over the control, and told me to stand down, not to do those shows,'" quoting Fauci.  …
Pence takes over #coronavirus messaging from health officials. Dr. Fauci was, told to cancel five Sunday talk show appearances, according to Rep. John Garamendi, a Democrat who represents the district in California where the first “community spread” is believed to have happened.
We need to hear the FACTS from Dr. Anthony Fauci ONLY. Folks flying domestic or overseas need to know what to do next aside from check airline advisories and what other countries are doing. Pence & Administration can't be trusted. They are INCOMPETENT. #CoronaVirusUpdates
This is LUNACY. Dr. Tony Fauci is one of the world’s leading experts on viral diseases and global #pandemics. He should be at the forefront of our government’s response to #COVID19. Instead, Fauci is being MUZZLED by #coronavirus task force “leader”  …
@RepGaramendi says NIH’s world-renowned expert Dr. Tony Fauci was told to "stand down" & not appear on Sunday talk shows to discuss #coronavirus. Fauci was scheduled to do all 5 major Sunday talk shows, but canceled when Pence took over the task force.  …
Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, was scheduled to go on all 5 Sunday talk shows and then Pence was put in charge of the coronavirus response and he was ordered to cancel  …
Joe Biden: "I heard on the news this morning, Dr. Fauci is not allowed to speak publicly. What is this all about?" 
Please retweet if you want to hear directly from Dr. Anthony Fauci from the NIH. He could tell us how to stay healthy, what to expect, and take questions.
There’s a big argument to make for having Dr. Fauci on all of the Sunday shows this weekend. Less stock market analysis from WH officials and more medical experts laying out facts and updates would seem to be a responsible plan of action.  …
My podcast on the #coronavirus with Dr. Anthony Fauci delivered real facts about the virus, not media speculation or hysteria.  …
Dr Anthony Fauci has advised six presidents on public health crises. Now he's not allowed to speak publicly without White House approval. Learn more about how to prepare for the #coronavirus here:   …
Don’t Trust trump,But Hope He Succeeds With Coronavirus. However He’s muzzling Authority,DR.FAUCI from getting Real Message 2 public On Sunday Shows.trump Doesn’t WANT Public 2 KNOW Hes Not Prepared & Gutted CDC,NIH & HAS NO”KITS”2 TESTPPL 4 CORONAVIRUS. Japan’s tested 200K +
Joe Biden: "Dr. Fauci is not allowed to speak publicly. What is this all about?" 
Sorry Dr Fauci and all scientists: Speak out no matter what Trump says. You must. Think of heroes Col Vindman and Abassador Yavonovitch.  …
Dr. Fauci was truthful at the news conference. Trump cannot defend the truth because he lives in a world of lies and deception. Perhaps this is something more severe than the flu?
. @RepMarkTakano told reporters this morning: "Dr. Fauci was very pointed in saying, 'I have not been muzzled.' I took that to mean he can still speak his mind. I have a lot of respect for Dr. Fauci ... I respect him as a straight shooter." - h/t @haleytalbotnbc
Per person in the room: Fauci told lawmakers that he "was not muzzled" by the VP's office, but that he needed to again secure clearance for 4-6 TV appearances that had been scheduled.
NEWS: @RepGaramendi tells @HallieJackson that at this morning's coronavirus Hill briefing, Dr. Anthony Fauci told lawmakers he "was not muzzled" by the VP's office but that Fauci was told *not to do a series of planned Sunday show interviews
The Trump administration has barred Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), from speaking publicly about the novel coronavirus without approval.  …
Also at the briefing, NIH’s Tony Fauci said he is NOT under a gag under after he was asked about the Vice President's office taking  per Rep. Anna Eshoo.
Top expert on viral infections is muzzled & must get Pence's approval to speak Pence won't speak without Trumps approval So Dr.Fauci can't speak without Trumps approval Trump doesn't want #CoronaVirusUpdates to impact his 'booming' economy Trump's making #coronaravirus  …
Closed-door briefing for House members on coronavirus now under way with Fauci, Redfield, others (no Azar)
Dangerous & irresponsible. "Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, one of the country’s leading experts on viruses & the director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases said the White House had instructed him not to say anything else w/out clearance." 
Okay so... Trump appointed Pence who thwarted HIV programs to be #COVID19 Czar because he didn't "have anything else to do." Okay so... Dr. Fauci, a leading expert on viruses is being censored. Diamond & Silk will save us... "Vote right so you won't get left. Code red." 
Mike Bloomberg & other Dems blatantly lie about coronavirus preparedness Pres Trump did NOT cut funding to our medical defense agencies and Dr. Anthony Fauci is the NIH lead scientist on the issue, as he has been for 6 presidents.  …
Fauci has just flunked the loyalty test  …
Is the White House starting to censor public-health officials? Trump-Pence attempt to muzzle Federal scientist incredibly stupid and harmful. Data and science and speed required. Brilliant Dr Fauci must inform AMERICAN people.  …
Dr. Fauci has worked for 7 presidents. No one before this faux one has told him to stop talking to the public.
This is reaching a level of insanity I have not seen in my 15+ years as a health reporter/editor. This is NOT NORMAL in the US. Sure, agencies have increasingly funneled sources through their PR offices. But muzzling Tony Fauci? Someone at his level? Unheard of.  …
Dr Tony Fauci is an internationally trusted expert on infectious disease/pandemics and a consistent presence on national news. Have we learned nothing from China? In honor of fallen Chinese doctor whistleblower hero Dr Li Wenliang, #medtwitter we must advocate  …
As bad as this will get, I really do think Dr Fauci and the  will not stand to be silenced by an imbecile who has rejected their core beliefs governed by data, truth, and facts. This will be a tidal wave of revolt and pushback for their 
Today, I led a meeting of the White House Coronavirus Taskforce at @HHSgov. Grateful for the work of @SecAzar, @Surgeon_General, @NIH Dr. Fauci and more. As President @realDonaldTrump said, we’re ready and we’ll continue to put the health and safety of the American people 
Free advice to the White House: instead of making Fauci clear messages through you; you should be clearing your messages through Fauci.  …
Muzzling Dr. Anthony Fauci cannot be allowed to stand. It's a pathetic WH propaganda attempt. He should resign & take his considerable talents to California to lead the fight. Trump lied a/b a vaccine & Fauci told the truth. The public should ignore the WH & look to their States  …
I’m disturbed by reports the White House is muzzling Dr. Fauci, a top @NIAIDNews disease expert. This is a time for expertise and real information. The Trump Admin should allow experts to speak out, speak for science & a plan that will help protect the American people. #COVID19
INSANITY. We now have 3 people on Pence's #coronavirus "task force," all of whom know exactly NOTHING  a global #pandemic. Where are the doctors/scientists? Why isn't Tony Fauci–NIH's world-renowned viral-disease expert–in the forefront? #COVID19  …
Resisters!!! RT the hell out of this and email Dr. Fauci too. Let's flood the National Institute of Infectious Diseases with emails AND @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @sfchronicle  …
I sent this email to Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. You can also send him an email at anthony.fauci@nih.gov. cc: @VP 
"The White House is not listening to its best scientists. They're more concerned about political messaging. Fauci has served under Ronald Reagan, both Bushes and was never prevented from speaking out" - @celinegounder w/ 
If Congress wants to get the straight scoop from Dr. Fauci on the coronavirus, will Trump try to gag the expert and prevent anyone but Pence from testifying? Any member of Congress who lets Trump get away with that must be sent back home ASAP!
After health officials contradicted Trump's lies about Coronavirus and vaccines yesterday, they've now been silenced, including Health Sec Azar & Dr. Fauci. No info on the virus can be released to the public by scientists unless approved by Pence and Trump.  to Russia 2.0.
Does Dr. Fauci lose his 1st Amendment rights to Trump? What about a physician’s duty to warn?  …
. @ABC Retweet this to those who missed it. The ignorant potus doesn’t want us to hear expert Dr Fauci speak so we will have to go around him. We need the truth not trump lies. Please RT!  …
Uh-oh. Who’d trust Propaganda Minister Mike Pence over guys like NIH’s immunology expert Dr. Anthony Fauci? This is where authoritarian government  manifestly dangerous to your (all of our) health and even survival.  …
Great. An epidemic requires transparency more than ever, does it not? But now top health officials like Anthony Fauci are being muzzled?  …
H/T @maggieNYT From VP pool: Fauci described the science behind the #coronavirus, saying it jumped from a bat to a “civet cat” served at feasts in China and then humans. A civet cat pictured here. Also known as a “skunk”. Fauci saying the virus almost certainly jumped specifies. 
I don't believe Dr. Fauci will abide by this, and I can't believe other scientists will either. Many of these people took an oath - first, do no harm.
Before this, Dr. Fauci was the top guest on cable news to talk about coronavirus. He was on CNN and Fox News yesterday, and 6 times overall this week (also including MSNBC).  …
Fauci pioneered HIV research. F**k that. Let's impeach Pence just for this alone.  …
The White House has apparently told Anthony Fauci that he can't speak publicly without running what he's going to say first by Mike Pence. So my confidence is going through the roof.  … via @TPM
"Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, one of the country’s leading experts on viruses and the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infections Diseases, told associates that the White House had instructed him not to say anything else without clearance."  …
"Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, one of the country’s leading experts on viruses and the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infections Diseases, told associates that the White House had instructed him not to say anything else without clearance."  …
The look on 45s face when Dr. Anthony Fauci explained the vaccine would take a year tho! The doc stepped on 45s ability to lie and try to manipulate the stock market. 
Did Trump only hire people like himself? Incredibly dumb, shortsided and ignorant. Fauci is not following the news. Try the WHO website Anthony, instead of FOX.  …
The orange man told a press conference that a vaccine for #coronavirus would  “fairly rapidly”. Dr. Fauci had to correct him by saying a vaccine is a year away. Many contradictions as Trump hopes to prop up the stock market by telling lies ABOUT A HEALTH CRISIS. 
Anne Schuchat. Career official, expert. She and Anthony Fauci are the only people who had any business opening their mouths in that room.
You have see Trump's Corona presser to believe it: -Lost &  in to do some things" -Puts Pence in charge bc he can't handle it & can blame him -Says a vaccine is near before & after Dr Fauci says it's 1.5 yrs off -Says it may not spread as the Docs say it will
Every day, please get up, and thank goodness that career public servants like Tony Fauci and Anne Schuchat are on the job.  …
Listen to Science, not Jizz Puppets. Dr Fauci, who battled the AIDS epidemic, contradicted Trump's play to ease stock fears. There won't be vaccine for this season of Coronavirus, & shutting down travel won't work. Trump's lying is dangerous. #Science  …
Top NIH official Anthony Fauci says coronavirus vaccine will likely take 12 to 18 months: "That means...the answer to containing is public health measures. We can't rely on a vaccine over the next several months to a year."  
Yesterday, Trump said "we’re very close to a vaccine.” The White House had to clarify later that he was talking about Ebola, not coronavirus Anthony Fauci just confirmed that a #coronavirus vaccine is at least a year away. Not reassuring at all.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, a legend in the study of infectious diseases, stood in front of the president and said (without saying it) that something the president said was not correct. This is why we need career experts and not just wackadoo hacks in the government.
Dr. Fauci is a total heavyweight and for him to suggest that the Gilead drug might be good is about the only positive i have heard about this darned thing.
Trump looks annoyed that Fauci told the truth that a vaccine will not be immediately 
Now Dr Fauci is at podium saying it will take a year to a year and a half to have a vaccine, totally contradicting Trump’s lie about it being done “rapidly.”
NIH Director of infectious diseases Dr. Fauci predicts two months to make a #coronavirususa vaccine, six months to get into broad trials and twelve months for a wisely useable vaccine, up to 18 months. Containment is key, says the Doctor.
Fauci, the only guy on the stage I trust, says a vaccine is 12-16 months off. Trump was incoherent. 
. @cnn cuts away while NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci is talking through vaccine logistics and timelines - unbelievable. #coronavirus
they should have led with Tony Fauci, who actually knows things
Anthony Fauci is probably the smartest person I've ever interviewed
JUST NOW: "In order to get a vaccine that's practically deployable...it's going to be at least a year to a year and a half at best. " Dr. Anthony Fauci responding to the claim from the President that we are "very close" to a Coronavirus vaccine. 
“In order to get a [coronavirus] vaccine, that’s practically deployable for people to use, it’s going to be at least a year to a year and a half at best,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.  
"Things are stable here... At the same time, we need to be ready to do things to contain an outbreak if it were to occur," says Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases about coronavirus fears in the US.  
“We are on time at least and maybe even a little bit better,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci. Testing trials of a potential #COVID19 #Vaccine are expected to start in about 6  ahead of schedule, according to a top US #Health  …
9) As you can see, it is the statements by Dr. Messonnier and not the official statements by HHS Secretary Alex Azar, CDC Principal Deputy Director Anne Schuchat, National Institute of Allergy and Infections Diseases Anthony Fauci, that are driving the media narrative.
"You don't need to do anything different today than you did yesterday." CDC Dr. Anthony Fauci
USG COVID-19 response coordination looks out of sync. Very different risk  from govt health experts (Azar, Fauci, Messonier) vs POTUS and economic team.  …
#US Sen Kennedy: What's the mortality rate, worldwide? Acting Sec. DHS: I believe it's under 2% Sen Kennedy: What is mortality rate for influenza, last 10 yrs? Acting Sec. DHS: Right around 2% (this is incorrect, influenza ~0.1%, see Fauci statements below)  …
Good question from @VOANews reporter asking about CFR of influenza vs. #COVID Fauci: most seasonal flu ~0.1%, 1918 flu 1.5-2%, COVID ~2%
Still digesting this from DR. FAUCI of HHS. - Coronavirus vaccine not likely available for at least a year or year and a half. - But, he said, coronovirus will be here not just this year but likely into next flu season too - so a vaccine will still be helpful.
The White House now says that when Pres Trump claimed that “we’re very close to a vaccine" for coronavirus - he was actually referring to Ebola. Dr Anthony Fauci from the Nt'l Institute of Infectious Diseases @NIAIDNews told me today a coronavirus vaccine is 12 to 18 months away
Nope. Tony Fauci, who knows more about this than anyone in the govt, said 1yr+ to develop, longer still to produce. Hard to avoid conclusion at this point that POTUS is making things up to try to calm the markets.  …
Manchin told me he asked NIH’s Tony Fauci whether they were close to a vaccine and Faucci said “no,” according to Manchin. “I guess Tony should know... It’s very contagious.”
“Going into a Phase One trial within three months of getting the sequence is unquestionably the world indoor record. Nothing has ever gone that fast." - Anthony Fauci of NIAID  … via @WSJ
Drugmaker ⁦ @moderna_tx⁩ delivers first experimental #coronavirus vaccine for human testing“Going into a Phase 1 trial within 3 mnths of getting the sequence is unquestionably the world indoor record. Nothing has ever gone that fast” Dr. Fauci to  …
Some very interesting Coronavirus updates from Dr. Fauci on @LouDobbs . Only about 20% infected require intensive treatment, with 80% recovering pretty easily - unless they’re in Wuhan. Quite diff - Lou Dobbs 2/24/20 | Breaking TRUMP February 24, 2020 
Controlling the Pandemic: Dr. Anthony Fauci says travel restrictions from China puts America a step ahead of Coronavirus outbreak. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Now a pandemic. Trump ignoring it. "When several countries have widespread transmission, then spillover to other countries is inevitable,” Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told Vox. “One cannot shut out the rest of the world.”
And why @NIAIDNews Anthony Fauci said, "When several countries have widespread transmission, then spill-over to other countries is inevitable."
Fair or not, @realDonaldTrump will get credit or blame for response of U.S. government. @SecAzar needs to blitz media along with @VP, Dr. #Fauci, and anyone else @POTUS names to response team. If you don’t see a U.S. government official somewhere everyday, the effort is  …
Fauci STOPS laughing on live TV = #worry @onlyyoontv STARTS laughing nervously on live TV = #WORRY! Eunice might be our only link to any truth out of China  …
"During one call, the CDC’s principal deputy director, Anne Schuchat, argued against taking the infected Americans on the plane, according to two participants..." Anthony Fauci concurred.  … cc: @BWJones
According to Event 201 this stuff will get real around May Dr. Anthony Fauci: We are clearly at the brink of a pandemic with novel coronavirus - CNN Video  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns that person-to-person Coronavirus transmission outside of China without definitive origin has 'the makings of a pandemic.' #coronavirus888 #coronavirus #coronavirusupdates #coronavirusoutbreak #COVID19 #SARSCoV2 #SARS2 #outbreak888 #2019nCoV
The famed Dr. Anthony Fauci says we are clearly on the brink of a pandemic. Now here is a sure telltale sign of a pandemic: When the obvious passes as brilliance!  …
You should have asked Dr. Fauci why he dropped the ball on #MECFS and what's he gonna do when the four teams that found a transferable factor in #MECFS blood find the shit he wouldn't look for. 
The 2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak – Update From NIAID’s Anthony Fauci, MD 
@o_rips has interviewed Prof Francis Boyle who has presented the sci lit which shows COVID19 was engineered.  … BTW, both Boyle & Dr. Judy Mikovits have accused Anthony Fauci of being involved in the CV coverup.
I notice that both Dr. Mikovits & Prof. Boyle have singled out Anthony Fauci.
@chrismartensen pls watch. Maybe this is where distrust of WHO NIAI CDC DR. FAUCI that we  from. Boom. Https://youtu.be/F_TPjbu4FAE
Great summary research piece "The wily virus has been underestimated by humans, who were careless in its containment. Now we are witnessing the spread of Covid-19 worldwide. “It’s very, very transmissible, & it almost certainly is going to be a pandemic,” predicted...Dr Fauci"  …
Fauci isn’t laughing on TV anymore. Time to stock up on supplies. #coronavirus #update #stockup
Infectious disease experts, such as Dr Anthony Fauci (NIH), admitted that quarantining on the ship was a mistake & that all passengers aboard were exposed to virus. Allowing 14 passengers with known infection to be evacuated (better isolation than on ship) was reasonable.
Ironic that Frank Plummer, Tony Fauci & Rodolphe Barrangou Gairdner alumni Feng Zhang has provided this.  … ...also see for info on #SARSCoV2 #covid19  …
Top disease official: Risk of coronavirus in USA is 'minuscule'; skip mask and wash hands  … via @usatoday #Fauci needs to be fired and imprisoned for supporting bioweapons research and others in the program the same #NIH #CNN #CORONAVIRUS #Infowars
(Dir. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases: World at Brink of COVID19 Pandemic) Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, explains what a ... Trump Slump World -  
Perhaps, the one job @CDCgov is responsible for, they failed to prepare for it? The United States CDC leadership @DrNancyM_CDC @CDCDirector and @NIAIDBioIT director Anthony Fauci need to be questioned.
I believe that Dr Fauci, NIH Director, is performing a terrible disservice to the world/USA population. China is 100% certain that coronavirus survives outside its host body. Fauci says: "Nonsense!" China is sterilizing their currency. They've burned $600M dollars from Hubei 
