The problem is Trump lies daily: •Trump lied that #COVIDー19 is contained in America when it was actually spreading. •He claimed that testing was available when it was NOT. •He claimed that a vaccine would be available in months; Fauci says it will not be available for a year. 
When FAUCI says he’s negative I’ll believe it. He has enablers and liars in every post in the WHq
"Stop listening to journalists. They don't know what they're talking about." @DrDrew went on with @LarryOConnor slamming the media for drumming up panic surrounding the coronavirus, urging Americans to listen to Dr. Fauci and the 
Americans could face "8 weeks or more" of shutdowns and working from home as the Coronavirus surges, says Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. 
It will end in 1M or more deaths--Dr. Tony Fauci, world's leading infectious disease specialist, has made that abundantly clear. It's essential to #FlattenTheCurve. That can ONLY be done if folks are responsible ^ STAY HOME. In PA today, there are now 2 cases in people UNDER  …
Fauci in 2018 told Congress: “When you have a respiratory virus that can be spread by droplets & aerosol & there's a degree of morbidity associated with that, you can have a catastrophe” Trump in March 2020, “This is something that you can never really think is going to happen."
Dr. Anthony Fauci praised President @realDonaldTrump for declaring a national emergency, Saying it gives the United States “really important” tools to fight Coronavirus 
It’s difficult  how ill-prepared this admin was & is for this crisis. Even w/ everything that has already been reported, this article is mind blowing. As brilliant & esteemed as Drs. Fauci & Blix are, this can’t & shouldn’t all rest on them.  …
This tells me that Trump is knocking it out of the park. GOP Sen. Collins: Trump Should ‘Step Back’ and Make Fauci the Spokesman  via @BreitbartNews
And now he has been a beacon of truth about the current crisis amid a series of misstatements. He is a true public servant. Thank you Dr. Fauci!  …
When I was doing research for “The Normal Heart”, a movie about the AIDS crisis in the 1980’s, I met Dr. Tony Fauci at the NIH. I also more recently consulted with him about women’s heart health.
Glad the president participated again in today’s briefing. Information is critical to fighting fear. Doctors Birx and Fauci are exactly the science experts we need. Lastly, love the baseball hat-with-suit look, Mr. President... 
Mortality rate for swine flu was around .02%. According Dr. Fauci at @NIH, the mortality rate for COVID19 is between 1-2%. That’s a difference of orders of magnitude. That’s why Italy went into lockdown and Spain just followed. This is not about Obama or Trump. It’s about lives.
Dr. Fauci: "We have not reached our peak." 
I’d be good with Dr. Fauci and Ed Orgeron being the only people allowed to talk us through this.  …
In a National Emergency, this is no time for Trump and the White House to lie and obfuscate about his #COVIDー19 status—especially when it’s so important he doesn’t infect people like 79-year-old Tony Fauci, who we really need to get us through this crisis  …
6. Mr. President, the CDC, the NIH (Nat. Institute for Health) are DEEP STATE and are covering up the truth and they are DECEIVING you. Fauci (NIH) funded the production of the Corona Virus at the North Carolina BSL-3 Lab yes that Little Tony Fauci that liddle snake 
Tony Fauci, I feel your pain Rocking back & forth w/ arms crossed as VP lies #COVIDー19
First Fauci, now Pence. @GovRonDeSantis — a  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: President Trump’s national emergency declaration gives “really important” tools to fight coronavirus  
For God’s sake, just let @CDCgov handle this, with Dr. Fauci reporting to the nation. @realDonaldTrump and @VP lack  and the credibility. #COVIDー19
I don't get this attitude at all. Why is getting drunk and having a hook up more important than not, you know, killing other people? The #coronavirus is in all the states. NY, CA, WA, PA, NJ--all epicenters now. When Tony Fauci says to #FlattenTheCurve, do  …
ALERT: Sunday morning Dr. Tony Fauci will be on @ThisWeekABC. You will want to watch.
GOP senators tell Trump to make Fauci face of government's coronavirus response  …. Trump should but he won’t. Dr Fauci is on top of of this and an expert. He tells the truth. Then trump makes classified.
THIS SUNDAY: A special edition of #MTP about the coronavirus pandemic. Joining us: Dr. Anthony Fauci, Ohio @GovMikeDeWine and Illinois @GovPritzker on the federal and state response. Plus, the leaders of Massachusetts General Hospital and the UCLA Hospital System. 
Really, then why are we clearly behind every country in the world in managing this crisis? Dr Fauci told Congress the pandemic team should not have been disbanded … is he the angry left?
When this time of national emergency has passed, the most deserving recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom will be Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci, @realDonaldTrump. Make it happen.
After days of @GovRonDeSantis disagreeing with @NIH expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci, “finally” is correct.   …
I have a lot to learn from Dr. Fauci  in a crises. He has been nothing short of amazing throughout this outbreak/pandemic.  …
“It would be nice if the office was still there”: Dr. Anthony Fauci. Gee, ya think?  …
That's a W shape, the classic flu then slight recovery then secondary bacterial infection. And secondary infections were the largest cause of death in 1918. This is a paper from Dr. Fauci on it  …
Dr. Fauci is a  of reality and risk. His voice of reason is a calm in the storm. A federal meteorologist should be used similarly the next time there’s a major hurricane heading for the U.S. Turning to an expert can help avoid mixed messages and confusion.  …
Articulate, candid, and Brooklyn to his core, Dr. Anthony Fauci has  a rational voice of science and a public figure. Amid the #COVID19 pandemic, however, many question whether the White House has listened enough to scientists like him.  #CoronaVirus
With the nation in paralysis over the spread of COVID-19, NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci speaks to @jonkarl on the government's actions to halt the virus' transmission and on how much longer he thinks the crisis will continue. Sunday on @ThisWeekABC,  
The other thing I think about is that Larry King on Friday night would have had a panel with Dr. Fauci, The Bachelor, Tony Bennett and Jussie Smollett's attorney
Damned if he does and damned if he doesn’t. I’m pretty sure if he did this everyone would be screaming that he doesn’t care and isn’t doing his job as a leader. I think I’ve heard more from Dr Fauci than DT.
"We have not reached our peak. We will see more cases. We will see more suffering and death, predominately... among the vulnerables in our society." Dr. Anthony Fauci #FlattenTheCurve  …
Dr. Fauci: @realDonaldTrump’s National Emergency Declaration Gives “Really Important” Tools To Fight #coronavirus 
This is beyond ridiculous. They should really just stop talking. Trot out Anthony Fauci and have him be the designated talking-guy for the whole regime.  …
Everyone in America should watch this press conference about coronavirus. It’s direct, informative, encouraging, reassuring & celebrates unity. @realDonaldTrump, @Mike_Pence, Dr. Debbie Birx, Dr. Anthony Fauci, @RealBenCarson, @JeromeAdamsMD did  …
The US has "not reached our peak" of coronavirus cases in the country, according to Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease. “Now it's all systems go. Let's look forward,” he said.  
As far as health experts go at a moment like this, Dr. Fauci is the MVP up to this point. He’s credible, experienced, a  confident, prepared and calm. Fantastic job so far!  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci just said there are 20,000 confirmed #COVID19 cases in the US now. @POTUS #Trump has finally had a COVID test.
If Dr. Anthony Fauci says it, you'd be smart to listen. In his briefings to Congress, Democratic and Republican lawmakers alike have praised the government's top infectious disease expert as a straight-shooter. 
“We have not reached our peak”: Dr. Fauci said to expect more coronavirus cases and deaths in the U.S.  
This has been the  sounding presser this admin has put together so far. Pence sounds on the ball, Fauci is leveling with people, Birx is  Mnuchin is thanking Pelosi, got a bill done & says more fiscal  Good shit. Keep going guys.
Dr. Anthony Fauci gives global update on coronavirus  
These daily White House press briefings on the coronavirus are really smart and well done. Dr. Fauci and Dr. Burks, in particular, are excellent at  Real facts & real data straight to the public.
Coronavirus numbers per Dr. Fauci: 129 countries w/ infections 132,000 cases globally 2,200 cases in America 50 deaths 
U.S. INFECTIOUS DISEASES EXPERT FAUCI SAYS THERE ARE 20,226 CASES IN U.S. BUT COUNTRY HAS NOT YET “REACHED PEAK” OF OUTBREAK
A stark message from Dr. Fauci at WH: “We have not reached our peak. Now, we will see more cases and we will see more suffering and death, predominately, as the VP said, among the vulnerables in our society, the individuals with the conditions that we spoke to and the elderly.”
Dr. Fauci: we can still influence the curve
FAUCI: "We have not reached our peak [in the U.S.] ...we will see more cases and we will see more suffering and death, predominantly among the vulnerable... "We still have the opportunity to influence the course of that curve."
Dr. Fauci: about 2200 cases in US, 50 deaths, 532 new cases, which means we have not reached our peak.
CURRENT: 2226 cases of coronavirus in the US, Fauci says.
Trump press conference just as disappointing and depressing as the others. This time we have Ben Carson. Dr Fauci realizes he is in the 7th circle of hell.
Texas man screams at reporters for doing their jobs — keeping the public informed. Also, during his tirade, the guy shouts, "this is no worse than the flu!" He  wrong. Dr. Fauci testified to Congress this week that COVID-19 is 10x deadlier than the flu.  …
Here’s what Dr. Fauci said about this earlier this week: "We worked very well with that office. It would be nice if the office was still there."  …
The only one I care about is Dr. Fauci
Dr. Fauci & Dr. Birx are both scientists you moron. They both worked on the HIV outbreak. And both have significant  then since then.  …
I believe Dr. Fauci over you. Sorry.
Dr. Anthony Fauci has a different view: “It would be nice if the office was still there.”  …
Fauci said it would have helped to have that office operational. What’s more political than undoing your predecessors policies for no good reason?
If Trump has the virus, there a good chance he's spent the last week infecting his cabinet, family, captains of industry, Dr. Fauci, the prime minister of Ireland, mar-a lagoites. The man infects all who are around him
Please stop touching Tony Fauci with your tiny, most likely unwashed hands  …
All the while having been warned of the impending #COVIDー19 crisis in January and having been well-aware that #coronavirus has a mortality rate that is at least 10x higher than that of the flu according to Dr. Fauci #CDC #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER  …
Why did Dr. Fauci say it would be nice to have that team then if it’s not needed??
Dr. Fauci could have done more for this country and our virus response by using his moment on the stage with Trump yesterday to say to the world that we are behind and trying to play catch up with our response because this administration has failed to act - criminal negligence.
FAUCI: US FDA HAS GIVEN QUICK APPROVALS TO ANTIBIOTICS WHICH ARE EFFECTIVE WORKING TO FIGHT AGAINST VIRUS #breakingnews
Protect dr anthony fauci, please  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci manages to correct politicians' pronouncements without saying they're wrong. Now he's explainer in chief on the coronavirus. He's 79, and he's lasted through 6 presidents and at least that many epidemics. 
America would be an absolute train wreck right now if Joe Biden had been President! Joe opposed the China travel restrictions that @realDonaldTrump put in place on Jan. 31st The same restrictions Dr. Fauci said “absolutely” limited coronavirus’ spread & were “the right call.”
@realDonaldTrump’s coronavirus effort is “a proactive, leaning-forward, aggressive, trying to stay ahead of the curve” approach. “What going on here today will help this to end sooner than it would have.” - Dr. Anthony Fauci 
“Dr. Fauci said this morning, if you stand next to somebody who tested positive, you should self-isolate and get a test. You say your White House doctor is telling you something different. Who should Americans listen to?” 
Very kind of you, but Dr Fauci is a LEGEND in medicine and an elegant person whom I am grateful to know personally. HE is the Person of the year in my book  …
How Dr. Fauci puts up with @realDonaldTrump (to serve the public) must be a great story that I hope one day gets told.
Trump's "doctor" has now claimed he doesn't need to get tested for coronavirus. But yesterday, Dr. Fauci said anyone in a similar situation to Trump's absolutely should get tested. This is a matter of showing leadership. Why not do it? One possibility:  
Mr. President.  lack of social distancing measures is putting the person we need the most right now, Dr. Tony Fauci, at risk of #COVID19. I urge you to start practicing social distancing now. No more handshakes, hugs or touching of any kind.  
Dr Fauci is playing too neutral and I understand he doesnt want to get in in the middle because he just wants to help people but he's not helping anyone by omitting the truth.
"Anthony Fauci has earned the presumption-of-credibility for  Donald Trump has earned the presumption that he is lying or confused."  …
And  from Dr Fauci was the moment tRUmp got upset and called Drs Fauci and Redfield our for his ‘emergency’ White House meeting.
Dr. Anthony Fauci: We're 'ahead of the curve' thanks to Trump  …
Any bets on how many more times Fauci is going to be able to stand behind Trump listening to the lies before his head explodes or he grabs the mike and say "Actually that's all bull@!*t. Here's the truth..."?
Yes, he's quite brilliant. Just having him and Tony Fauci on the case here makes me feel better. I worked on AIDS with Fauci and he is also brilliant  …
For me it was never about 72hrs of preparation. Now it's 2 months. Fauci says first wave is 6-9 weeks. FIRST wave  …
The Senatorial Family Members The Mother Of John McCain Sister Of @LindseyGraham & The Wife Of ⁦ @PierreDelecto Has An Advice For The ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦⁦ @SenatorCollins⁩ “I would like the president to step back & appoint Dr. Anthony Fauci as a Spokesman 
ICYMI: Coronavirus official Dr. Anthony Fauci said that the system in the U.S. for universal testing of Covid-19 is a "failing" 
As we all pray for this current situation that so many people, families and schools are all dealing with, let us promise our prayers for those who are fighting this virus, let us pray especially for Dr. Anthony Fauci, Regis Class of 1958. A Man for Others. 
WATCH: Top health official Fauci says coronavirus crisis could last 8 weeks  
I’m not the only one! When Trump was speaking Fauci was looking down and wringing his hands. Birx was smiling and nodding. Turns out the website she was raving about is all BS! Body language seldom lies.
Dr. Anthony Fauci says coronavirus will get worse but accelerating testing and containment efforts should “blunt” the peak of the outbreak in the US: “A lot of people are going to get sick, but hopefully it will be much, much less than the major peak.” 
The optimist in me—did you know I was an optimist?—believes we can avoid this. But it'll take a national effort (a real one, not the fake one Trump/Pence point toward purely for rhetorical purposes) not just for the "8 or 9 weeks" Dr. Fauci mentioned but until we have a vaccine.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci deserves every award our nation could give him.
I work in HIV research. There no way there's a vaccine after a few months. Tony Fauci wasn't lying - he's an upstanding, upfront, brilliant guy.
I’m sure many people in Italy felt the same. I see you as public figure who should follow the advice of Tony Fauci. He is our expert and be a role model. If everyone does their own thing we will soon have overwhelmed hospitals.
#Iran is testing MORE #COVID19 cases per-day than the “civilized” US—despite healthcare-crippling sanctions on Iran. Dr. Fauci of the US “Coronavirus Taskforce” testified that the US govt’s response to COVID19 “has been a failing”. Now tell me who the real “barbarians” are.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the top infectious disease expert at the National Institutes of Health, says shutdowns and working from home could last up to "eight weeks or more" as COVID-19 cases continue to surge in the U.S. 
WATCH: Top health official Fauci says coronavirus crisis could last 8 weeks  
Who is starting the betting pool on time until Dr. Fauci is fired? By the way, the fact that Dr. Fauci is running NIH is one of the only things, the ONLY things, that gives me some hope that I, personally, might survive this thing.  …
And Fauci backed Trump up on his bulkshit excuse for not having tested more. The pressure to accede to Trump, in order to stay in the game, must be overwhelming.
The U.S. has apx 330M people. Dr. Fauci at the NIH says 60-70% of Americans could wind up with coronavirus. 60% of 330M is 198,000,000 infected and a 3% death rate means of that almost 6 million dead or 5,940,000 people dead...this is SERIOUS.
the nation really needs PSAs from you and Toni Fauci running twice an hour on every network with consistent messaging about the role every person plays to fight #COVIDー19
I would never believe a word that she says. The only one with credibility is Fauci
Our medical experts agreed re. this timeframe on #IngrahamAngle: Top health official Fauci: Coronavirus crisis could last 8 weeks | TheHill  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: We're 'ahead of the curve' thanks to Trump  … VRA
"Anthony Fauci has earned the presumption-of-credibility for  Donald Trump has earned the presumption that he is lying or confused." @JamesFallows on a public  to the 
Many of the most malicious and corrupt people in this admin were long-serving officials who were played up as heroic or at  Comey, Mueller, Barr, Kelly, Mattis, etc. Not saying that's the case yet with Fauci but we've seen these "career professional" myths before.
Best to keep him off TV—does not instill confidence or provide clarity. Fauci, Pence, Birx, Azar all do.  …
Believe it or not, I had a career before national security. Dr. Anthony Fauci has been a hero of mine for at least 20 years of my life. He’s a rock star. He’s an American hero. He’s someone you absolutely need to listen to.  …
The best anyone could say about Fauci now is that he's feigning subservience to Trump in order to retain access to govt medical info because dissenters are ousted. But he may also be another spineless lackey. That's been the trend for every man who partners with this admin.
Doesnt know anything about it, makes Dr  @sarahkendzior  …
I am astonished that those CEOs, the HHS Secretary, and Dr. Fauci, thought that google could create an interactive website involving a person’s personal and health information, and not one of them discussed HIPAA.
Coronavirus testing—what we need next: 1. Faster testing & expand lab capacity; proactively test people in medical settings + staff 2. More accessible testing methods, ie drive-thru 3. Make Dr. Fauci the only official spokesperson to discuss this outbreak—period 4. Re-read #3 
I’m not even a germophobe. Quite the opposite. But Dr. Fauci said this is the last thing you should be doing if you have been exposed!  …
Shortly after Trump stood next to someone diagnosed with coronavirus: NBC: Generally speaking, if [you] were standing next to someone who'd been diagnosed with coronavirus, should you isolate yourself and find a test as well? ANTHONY FAUCI (Trump's top coronavirus expert): Yes.
@cvpayne Dr. Fauci is a NATIONAL TREASURE. Honestly, I thank God for sound, sane medical information among the disparate voices. @POTUS put together a terrific team. @VP
All I could think was, "Stop breathing on Dr. Fauci." 
Toni Fauci is one of the top infectious diseases physicians not just in the country, but in the world. He co-authors Harrison's textbook of medicine, the single most authoritative medical textbook. He transferred the Texas nurse infected with Ebola to the NIH and treated her.  …
Natl. Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Fauci frequently talks about “flattening the curve” when  to the spread of coronavirus. I’m in Washington preparing to vote on funding to  the the spread of the virus. 
I just want to know how many times Dr. Fauci has to wash his hands in order to protect himself from the bus he was thrown under. 
At today's press conference, Fauci said a best-case scenario for a tailing off of this crisis is somewhere around mid-May. We should all be thinking terms of, and planning as best as we can for, months of disruption, not weeks.
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "We still have a long way to go. There will be many more cases. But we'll take care of that, and ultimately, as the president said, this will end." 
EXCELLENT NEWS Dr. Anthony Fauci, said that the United States is "ahead of the curve" on containing the coronavirus because of President @realDonaldTrump's unprecedented travel restrictions. #TrumpPressConference  …
I'm sorry, I can't respect Dr. Fauci after I watched Trump call Yamiche Alcindor 'nasty' and try to take her down, and Fauci just stood there. Even answering questions afterward, as if it didn't happen. I get that he wants the authority but not by selling his soul.
Dr. Anthony Fauci called on the NBA to play in empty arenas. By the end of the day, the NBA season was suspended. By the next day, American sports were shut down. 
WATCH: Top health official Fauci says coronavirus crisis could last 8 weeks  
That moment when Trump denied even knowing about closing down the pandemic response office was total farce. He even tried to throw Fauci under the bus. But farce is NOT what America or the world needs right now  …
Dr. Fauci is GREAT. Except for one thing. He keeps pushing for EVERYBODY to have access to testing. That's 320 million fricken people. And kits. Everyone else is saying we have to prioritize who we give it to. Which  damn sense.  …
Trump is such a lying asshole. I can't get over him saying "I don't take responsibility at all" Trump when asked directly if he accepted Dr. Fauci's admission that the not initially being up to the task of mass testing was a "failing." Then he lied about H1N1. Again. Despicable
Dr. Fauci confirmed the US is officially entering a recession. At least eight weeks of National Emergency should be all that’s required. Of course, 8 weeks is the most optimistic view. When the tests still aren’t showing up, plant a garden. It’ll be every person for themself.
When Nets return to Brooklyn, whenever that is, they should honor Brooklyn native Anthony Fauci. He’s already got a Medal of Freedom. Maybe he’d appreciate a Nets jersey.
I asked Dr. Fauci today when the coronavirus outbreak is expected to peak. He said: "It's impossible to predict ... But these kind of things generally run out in a few months. Hopefully, we'll make it several weeks -- eight, nine, whatever -- weeks."
I don’t recall any of my previous 128K tweets eliciting this kind of positive ratio. (I’ve had my share of the opposite.) Good to see even the Twitter people can agree on some things like Dr. Fauci and his example.  …
Dr. Fauci said it but you weren't listening. Good thing our President is listening to his medical advisors and not the partisan hack clowns at CNN.
Dr. Fauci REPEATEDLY said today and has been saying for a long time that if you don't have symptoms you shouldn't get tested! It's irresponsible and dangerous to keep pushing this lie that every person in the country needs a test for this today.  …
Trump, on firing the whole NSC pandemic team: “When you say ‘me,’ I didn’t do it.” As part of this answer, he also said ask Dr. Fauci about the firing of the NSC pandemic team. Dr. Fauci runs an office within the NIH; he’s not on the NSC staff or even within the WH. Just bonkers
Lots of journos  haven't done their homework - haven't brushed up on Bio 101, haven't learned the basics of virology & infection & pandemics, haven't listened to Fauci & Redfeld & Adams & others, haven't synthesized info from outside experts & docs - and it shows.
Pray for Dr. Fauci.....
Fauci debunking the Trump-Testing hoax was glorious and again validated my 72 hour rule re: attacks on Trump. We were supposed to believe he wanted people to die or something
I hope Dr. Fauci’s job is not in jeopardy!  …
“I take responsibility for nothing.” “I fired my own pandemic team? I didn’t know that. Maybe you want to talk to Dr. Fauci.”
BREAKING NEWS (CNN): Dr. Anthony Fauci, the Nation's Top Infectious Disease Expert Across Multiple Presidential Administrations, Says "8 or 9 Weeks" Is the Best-Case Scenario for How Long the Current U.S. Coronavirus Outbreak Will Last
NBC's Kristen Welker: "Dr. Fauci said earlier this week that the lag in testing was in fact a failing, do you take responsibility for that?" Trump: "Yeah, no. I don't take responsibility at all." 
THE BUCK STOPS ... WITH TONY FAUCI? Asked why he disbanded the WH pandemic office, TRUMP says: “I didn't do it. We have a group of people … in my administration. But I could perhaps ask Tony about that, because I don't know anything about it." 
Dr Fauci, the head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, touching his face after touching the same mic Donald Trump touched....Trump stood next a Brazilian foreign aid who has tested positive for coronavirus days ago. 
Don't you just love how Bret Baier is giving so much credit to Tony Fauci and so little to President Trump?
Dr. Fauci ain’t putting up with your bullshit.
Trump had at least 5 handshakes at the Coronavirus emergency press conference today, including touching Fauci’s hand. He’s just an awful human being. 
He made fun of a guy for mispronouncing Fauci. Called @Yamiche's question "nasty." Tried to talk up his Wednesday night fail-a-thon. Begged reporters to ask corporate moguls questions so he could hide behind them. 'Bout what you'd expect.
It’s honestly a stain on Fauci’s generally admirable role in all this that he stands there during these disinformation and smear sessions, lending them his credibility.  …
Amazing question to Trump by @weijia: “Dr. Fauci said this morning, if you stand next to somebody who tested positive, you should self-isolate and get a test...Are you being selfish by not getting tested?” 
Old enough to remember when the administration was accused of muzzling Dr. Fauci...
Fauci on the same topic: "We worked very well with that office. It would be nice if the office was still there." h/t  …
Your government has abandoned you. Just keep washing your hands. Godspeed. -Dr. Fauci
. @weijia: "The person you were standing next to...tested positive. Dr. Fauci said this morning, if you stand next to somebody who tested positive, you should self-isolate & get a test. You say your WH doctor is telling you something different. Who should Americans listen to?" 
Fauci is a realist so we must be realists about the market
When asked about closing of WH pandemic office, Trump says it's a "nasty question." He pleads ignorance and asks Fauci about it Fauci's response isn't audible but he testified this week: "We worked very well with that office. It would be nice if the office were still there"  …
As part of this answer, Trump also said reporters could ask Dr. Fauci about the firing of the NSC pandemic team. Dr. Fauci runs an office within the National Institutes of Health; he’s not on the NSC staff or even within the WH. Just bonkers.
#Presidementia Q&A just now: Asked directly why he Trump has not isolated or tested despite exposure — Fauci says if exposed you should isolate, test — Trump garbles his answer & looks simply stupid. Given his impairment he can’t handle a question like this. #TrumpNotFitForOffice
If Trump simply had Fauci and Burks speak at these conferences...confidence nationally would skyrocket.
Dr. Fauci, one of the doctors overseeing America’s Covid-19 response, has spent most of today’s press conference touching his face.
Reporter points out that Dr. Anthony Fauci has said if you stood next to someone who tested positive, you should be tested, asks Trump if he's being selfish by not being tested. Good for you, reporter, whoever you are. #TrumpPressConference #NationalEmergency
Fauci earlier this week on the disbanding of the global health unit at NSA: “It would be nice if the office was still there. We worked very well with that office."  …
If Dr Fauci and all the others behind him up there aren’t thoroughly embarrassed & disgusted by him, then we’re in much bigger trouble than we know.
then he turned to Fauci to respond, who stood there, arms crossed, and shook his head no. Stunning rebuke.
President Trump seems unaware of what happened to the pandemic position on the National Security Council. He looks to Dr. Fauci, who shrugged he didn’t know.
Whoa — asked about firing the pandemic office staff Trump calls it a “nasty question” and claims Dr Fauci agrees with him that it’s just a re-org like the reporter switching jobs
Great Q from @Yamiche: You didn't take responsibility but you did disband the WH pandemic office (part of the National Security Council)...? POTUS: When you say me, I didn't do it - I could ask the administration. (Looks to Fauci, others.) But I don't know anything about that.
In response to a question, Dr Fauci says it's "really impossible" to predict when the Coronavirus outbreak will peak and start to decline. On possible shortage of ventilators for sick patients, Pres Trump says the Government has ordered "a large number" of them. 
NIH's Fauci wishes Trump hadn't disbanded global health unit  … via @msnbc
Dr. Anthony Fauci  destroying the Dem narrative that "WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!" right now at the White House press conference.
If Fauci "emergency will last 8-9 weeks" and Trump "we may block UK  came while market was still open, the market results for today would have been very different.
I think we can all agree that Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx are national treasures. America is lucky to have them on the #Coronavirus Task Force—we’re in good hands.
Dr. Anthony Fauci is already your March MVP. Brings credibility, experience, manages expectations and is patently authentic.
Fauci suggests that, if we are successful at flattening the curve, the duration of the emergency stage of this crisis will be roughly 8 to 9 weeks.
I wish Trump would talk less and let Dr. Fauci & Dr. Birx talk more. They make me feel better.
Dr. Fauci is the only person in this variety show who sounds like he's being honest with America. #NationalEmergency
Tony Fauci with more realtalk. Says he can't predict when the coronavirus epidemic will peak. Could be in the range of 8 or 9 weeks. "I can't give you a number. It depends how successful we are."
Dr. Fauci: It’s really impossible on predict when coronavirus will “peak” and when the spread will end. These things generally go for a “few months” but officials are trying to make it “several weeks.” Note: Pres Trump has said repeatedly that the virus spread will end soon.
Q: Dr. Fauci said earlier this week that the lag in testing was, in fact, a failing. Do you take responsibility for that? President Trump: “I don't take responsibility at all … It wasn't meant for this kind of an event”  
We knew Trump would be pissed at Dr. Anthony Fauci! He introduces him and says, you’ve  A a..... what, a star? Childish, Jealous, Sociopath. 
Fauci does not do himself any favors with only being a truth teller when he is not standing near Trump.
Someone needs to ask Dr. Fauci if Trump should be tested
“You have to embrace the private sector. You can’t do it without it.” – Dr. Fauci on filling in the gaps in testing.
"I don't take responsibility at all," Trump says, when asked directly whether he accepts Dr. Fauci's blunt claim that the lag in ramping up testing was a "failing." And Trump once again flatly lies about the response to H1N1. Simply unreal. Confirms this once again:  …
Trump: "No, I don't take responsibility at all (for testing delays) because we were given a set of circumstances" & rules from another time, he said. "We've helped redesign it," he said. "The system was not designed" for it said Fauci. "You have to embrace the private sector."
Wow. Trump just said in answer to a question from @kwelkernbc that he doesn't take responsibility AT ALL for the failures that Dr. Tony Fauci has already admitted happened on Trump's watch. Now he has put Dr. Fauci up to back him up. And Fauci is now doing 
Trump declines to take responsibility for what Fauci called a “failing” in the inaccessibility of testing for the coronavirus.
! Asked if he takes responsibility for the slow pace of testing, which Fauci called a failing, Trump says, "I don't take responsibility at all, because we were given...rules, regulations and specifications from a different time."
"So much progress has already been made" Trump says, "especially when  it with other places." Fauci, standing behind Trump, testified Weds. the worse is yet   …
Dr. Anthony Fauci gives an update on the White House’s response to the Coronavirus pandemic as President Trump declares a National Emergency.  …
Dr. Fauci, a question: What magical material is the mic and podium made of to allow ten people to safely touch, hold and move without transferring germs? Dr. Fauci, a followup: Can I purchase the magical material at Home Depot?
Trump introduced Dr. Anthony Fauci, the head of infectious diseases at the CDC, as “Tony.” Then gave full respectful intros to Walgreen, WalMart and Target CEOs because they are letting us use their parking lots. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci on the @realDonaldTrump administration’s response to coronavirus: “What is going on here today is going to help it to end sooner than it would 
Mike Pence: Can I get Coronavirus from mouth contact with the gluteus Maximus? Dr. Fauci: What? Pence: The ass. Dr. Fauci: Yes, I know what it is. Pence: So, can I? Dr. Fauci: I... don’t think so? WHY? Pence: No reason. Back to preparing for this press conference.
Now the Dear Leader stuff is continuing with Pence. The only ones who didn't participate in this disgusting display of sycophantic ass-kissing were Birx and Fauci. Those are the only two who should be talking.
Dr. Fauci in your expert medical opinion should a near-74-year-old who’s had close contact with 4-10 people testing positive for COVID-19 or have self-quarantined refuse a test and continue meeting with people? Followup: Why are you all standing six inches from him & each other?
Dr. Anthony Fauci: This is a proactive, aggressive response. As many constraints as possible will be removed for federal, state and local authorities to fight #Coronavirus! President @realDonaldTrump is keeping us ahead of the 
No Dr Tony  up. Reality sets in. “We still have a long way to go. There will be many more cases.” What happened to Donald saying this would go away? Oh, that was a lie.
Aside from realkeeping from Fauci, is this whole thing just a bunch of ill-advised handshakes and corporate advertisements by Donald Trump?
Dr. Debbie Birx: Covid-19 Testing made available with unprecedented speed. Incredible strides made behind the scenes. Dr. Fauci: The White House has been aggressive and proactive. There will be many more cases, but what we’re doing today will mitigate spread.
Dr. Fauci, you sold out, sir. Proactive? PROACTIVE?! Trump has never been 'proactive' in his life. #coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic
not sure Fauci got the praise dear leader message
Fauci keeps it brief and then Trump kicks it to someone from... Walmart. No, I’m serious. Injects an infomercial into the briefing so Walmart Dude can plug the allegedly pending enterprise of Walmart drive-thru testing. Jesus H. Christmas. Disease care is now a retail item.
Sigh. I only want to hear from Dr. Fauci. And @BarackObama should he decide to be a pop up president today and start speaking at his own press conference from DuPont Circle. Then cutaway from this please.
Anthony Fauci is doing what no other senior official has dared in the Trump administration, writes  …
Watching everyone, including Anthony Fauci, touch the microphone and podium after Trump, who  in contact with confirmed #Covid19 cases, is making me scream inside.
After Fauci speaks, Trump says he'll hand the mic to some of the business leaders present, who are "celebrities in their own right."
Trump FINALLY declared a formal National Emergency over the #CoronavirusOutbreak and stepped aside so a doctor could speak directly with the American people. If only he'd done this weeks ago... Now, NIH Dr. Fauci is speaking about how it finally removes containment constraints.
And now we have Dr. Fauci at the mic. Fauci is a national treasure. A fighter for public health for 50 years. An unflinching truth-teller amongst a cesspool of shitbags and they’re shitbaggery. The next president should give him the Medal of Freedom.
Dr. Tony Fauci should have secret service protection.
Trump appears to cut himself off from saying that the coronavirus has turned Fauci into a star. "You’ve  a — " he says.
Anthony Fauci’s “was asked point-blank whether our failure to act earlier to mitigate the spread of coronavirus has put the United States on track to see a spike in infections similar to that in Italy. He declined to directly answer” ⁦  …
Dr. Fauci is universally respected, but this is not the occasion for a shirt with buttons on the collar.
The Biden campaign is going to have an absolutely field day with this second Trump speech. Fauci doesn’t know where to look.
As you listen to Trump now, remember that Dr. Fauci declined to deny that the initial delay in acting which was driven by Trump's pathologies, megalomania, and naked political needs, may have put us on a path to an Italy-like peak in infections:  …
The Borowitz Report: Calling his action “in the interest of public health,” Dr. Anthony Fauci changed Donald J. Trump’s Twitter password on Friday. 
National Institutes of Health officials praise President Trump’s leadership on coronavirus. “Our country is ahead of the curve thanks to President Trump’s recent travel bans amid the coronavirus outbreak.” Dr. Anthony Fauci, @NIH Thank you @POTUS
As Dr. Fauci pointedly notes, the travel restrictions instituted by @realDonaldTrump were smart and effective at getting the U.S. ahead of the curve. First regarding China and now 
No teleprompter in the Rose Garden for Trump at this Coronavirus news conference. Doctor Anthony Fauci was alerted to make his way down to WH for the event, I’m told.
"We Are Ahead of the Curve" Thanks to President Trump's Unprecedented Travel Restrictions - Dr. Fauci Praises Trump on MSNBC This is the absolute truth! Trump has been out in front of COVID19 from the beginning! D'RATS have made it politics as usual!  …
Dr Fauci should speak. Not Trump.
"Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, asked Fauci to explain that the new coronavirus was less lethal than other viruses. Fauci responded, “No, absolutely not,”  by @fastlerner
Dr. Fauci is advising President Trump. And President Trump is in a no win position. If he acts to protect the American people, he’s going too far. If he doesn’t act forcefully and quickly, he’s not doing enough.
"Anthony Fauci has earned the presumption-of-credibility for  Donald Trump has earned the presumption that he is lying or confused." @JamesFallows on a public  to the 
Anthony Fauci’s latest interview is just devastating for Trump  …
You know who disagrees with you about the European travel ban? Dr. Fauci. Dr. Redfield. You know, scientific experts Trump supposedly rejects.  …
Anthony Fauci’s situation is structurally very similar to Mattis’s, a year or two ago. But the changed circumstances seem to allow him leeway-of-principle that no previous Trump associates have had.  … By me
In early 2018, I interviewed Anthony Fauci about his experiences during the AIDS epidemic for my (not yet published) book. Some of what he told me is in this column. Please read this thread for more:  …
Trump blames Obama who left office in 2017. 2017 - Fauci warns Trump we need a health emergency fund. 2018 - Trump fires Obama’s Pandemic team. Jan. 2020 - Trump turns down #COVIDー19 tests from WHO. Feb. 2020 - Trump hides report saying US is not prepared for a pandemic
How much longer do you give Dr. Fauci lasting in the regime of alternative facts?
Leading coronavirus task force expert Dr. Anthony Fauci reluctantly admitted that “yes,” someone who had been exposed to the coronavirus the way Trump was at Mar-a-Lago last week should “self-isolate and find a test.”  …
Geist: if I were standing next to someone who had been diagnosed with coronavirus, should I isolate myself and find a test as well? Fauci: Yes. Geist: Okay, so that goes for the president?... Fauci: I’m going to leave it to his physician.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci fights outbreaks with the sledgehammer of truth, @ktumulty writes 
Based on how catastrophic his last appearance was, this is a very bad idea:  Let Dr Fauci and other people who know what they’re talking about speak for the government.  …
Coronavirus expert Dr Fauci: I'd take a second thought about flying - CNN Video  …
Some lawmakers have urged Trump to let Fauci be the public face of the administration's response. Trump, who likes Fauci, has pointed out his place on the task force. Some had hoped Trump would go further and just let Fauci do the talking.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: early China travel ban “was a very smart move,” Europe restrictions are “ahead of the curve” 
Dr. Fauci: "Early on we made a travel ban with regards to China that was a very smart move right there because what that did was prevent a major influx from China" Not xenophobic, a smart move to keep Americans safe and limit spread of the 
Dr. Fauci’s latest interview is just devastating for Trump  … >> So Trump is the issue? Not the health of the country. Not the BS news coverage? Trump? You people are soooo obvious!
Dr. Fauci’s latest interview is just devastating for Trump, @ThePlumLineGS writes 
Can we just have Dr. Fauci address the nation from now on?  …
This morning on @Morning_Joe, I asked Dr. Anthony Fauci if he believes President Trump should isolate and be tested for Coronavirus, given his contact at Mar-A-Lago with a Brazilian official who since has tested positive. 
Fauci, on Fox News, on the need for the healthy to jealously protect more vulnerable people that they live with. 
This is an incredible story. How Dr. Fauci, the most influential person in U.S. public health—who grew up idolizing Joe DiMaggio and Mickey Mantle and was captain of his high school basketball team—became the catalyst that suspended sports across America  
“We are ahead of the curve because of President Trumps unprecedented action!” Dr Fauci 
Media/Democrats trying to develop campaign messaging that Trump did nothing. Here Fauci explains significance of travel bans they contradict themselves by describing as overreaction/xenophobia.  …
ABC News: "But to be clear, we have not peaked yet?" Dr. Anthony Fauci: "No, there's no doubt that we have not peaked yet."
WATCH: Top health official Fauci says coronavirus crisis could last 8 weeks  
Dr Tony Fauci has been a beacon of light for decades to professionals and advocates fighting AIDS and other diseases. Bizarre that it took Kushner crowdsourcing a Facebook doctors group to convince @potus to respect Fauci on #CoronaVirus-but I’ll take  …
Fauci:  need to take proportionate measures, more   
It’s like Dr. Fauci has broken out of prison & can finally let us know the real story! Keep talking Dr. Fauci.
Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus spread will get worse in the US before it gets better; expect uptick in testing in  weeks. 
"We Are Ahead of the Curve" Thanks to President Trump's Unprecedented Travel Restrictions - Dr. Fauci Praises Trump on MSNBC (VIDEO)  … "Clearly early on we made a travel ban in regard to China. That was a very smart move..." TRUMP2020
Verma is a Trump/Pence appointee. So is that white, bearded CDC failure who is now head of the CDC. The one who is such a rump suck up that he had to turn to Dr Fauci to answer basic questions at the Congressional hearings re the #TrumpPenceMcConnellCoronavirus.  …
Dr. Anthony  Trump’s travel restrictions: “absolutely” helped, “the right public health call” @realDonaldTrump has ALL Americans’ safety & health as top priority He puts #AmericaFirst @JoeBiden @BernieSanders glad you aren’t in 
Even the biased Morning Joe crew cannot dismiss the scientific arguments from Dr Anthony Fauci about the efficacy of Pres Trump’s travel bans, first China & now Europe. An important video... 
"We Are Ahead of the Curve" Thanks to President Trump's Unprecedented Travel Restrictions - Dr. Fauci Praises Trump on MSNBC (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells congress what ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @VP⁩ and the COVID-19 task force told reporters about testing availability in this country is a 
I like how Tony Fauci is blitzing TV with facts. Trump is going to have a hard time inventing a false narrative about Fauci when he is one of the most historically important immunologists and infectious disease specialists in the world. #coronavirus
Dr. Fauci lays it out here plain and simple: @realDonaldTrump’s actions to ban travel to/from China and Europe, has saved, and will save, American 
This is a stupid tweet Closing travel helps slow the spread which saves lives you liar. Dr. Fauci says a vaccine is ready to go to initial trial in record time. Gillead has reached a deal with the military to begin testing a medication. Sit down, shut up & stop it.  …
Joe looks so frustrated that Fauci is reinforcing all of Trump’s brilliant decisions.  …
Thanks to President Trump’s unprecedented travel restrictions, Dr. Anthony Fauci says “we are ahead of the curve” on preventing a major influx of coronavirus cases from Europe. @RealDonaldTrump is taking the appropriate action to slow the spread and save American 
Top NIH official Dr. Anthony Fauci tells @CeciliaVega that the coronavirus spread will "get worse before it gets better."  
How soon till we are Italy? Dr. Fauci, asked directly if America was heading towards  shutdown- he would not rule it out. 'I'm not sure we're going to get to that. I think that would be really rather dramatic, but I can tell you that all things are on the table.” 
Dr. Fauci is doing his nimble best to manage  challenges of passing on urgent health information to the public, maintaining his credibility, and not angering the president and it is not easy 
PSA. Immunologists use “foreign” to refer to viruses/pathogens b/c  from outside our body, NOT b/c  from foreign country. Concept of “foreign” is fundamental in our field. Please know if Dr Fauci or other immunologists say “foreign virus”, this is what we mean.
If only Jared had someone like Tony Fauci that he could consult with.
FAUCI: "You can go back to your normal life when you have two consecutive tests for the coronavirus that are negative separated by 24 hours."  …
Dr. Fauci discusses how he expects coronavirus to spread in the next few weeks, but he also says there will be "a real acceleration of testing." 
You know trump is screaming at his minions to fire Fauci.... Speaking the truth is a fireable offense.
My initial skepticism of Dr. Fauci was misplaced. I think he had to do some maneuvering early on with Trump and Pence. Fauci owns the bunker now. They cannot shut him down. Dr. Fauci is 79 years old and he does not give a flying fuck what Pence and Trump say or do.
5. I'm going to circle all the way back to what Dr. Fauci said. "People are putting too much emphasis on testing." Testing is not the "key" to stemming infections.  like it or not. The action plans — hygiene, social distancing, closures, etc. — are the "key."
I am very disappointed, to say the least, at Dr. #Fauci of NIH saying that Trump's getting tested is a matter "between him & his doctor." Asked if it were anyone else--should they be tested?--he said, unequivocally, "Yes." His cowardly attitude toward "King Donald" is deplorable.
OMG - this is UNREAL!! This means people with virus are walking around infecting others!! Trump Coronavirus Chief Fauci Says We're Still a Week Away From Wide-Scale, Accelerated Testing  via @mediaite
I’m also sick of hearing what a world expert Fauci is. The guy has been around for 50 years yet never thought to prepare for something like this? Every time he speaks he makes things worse. Maybe he is the problem, not the solution.
Wow- just watched Dr Fauci on Morning Joe & it looked like a lot of propaganda to me with him talking up the private  in & saving the day with testing… am I imagining stuff here? Maybe he has to do that to keep his job so he can actually help as much as possible…
For weeks, Fox & Friends downplayed the coronavirus outbreak, accusing Dems and media of hyping it. This morning, Fox & Friends is taking the outbreak seriously, asking Dr. Anthony Fauci how we can protect the elderly from dying from it. Why would anyone trust Fox & Friends?
Dr. Fauci: "It absolutely came from Wuhan China. There's no doubt about that." Because China wants to make crazy allegations AND because our borderline traitorous media want to repeat their propaganda, from now on, I'll mostly refer to the Coronavirus as the Chinese Wuhan Virus.
This by @ktumulty on Tony Fauci is just excellent. The country is fortunate to have his service, particularly at times like this.  …
This isn't the first time Dr. Anthony Fauci has dealt with a novel virus and a president who didn't want to face the truth about it. @karentumulty recalls the story of Fauci, Reagan and AIDS. @postopinions  …
Our full interview with Dr. Fauci: 
Fauci making the rounds. Currently on Fox & Friends. Asked about Spring break, Easter, and domestic travel in the next month. He says it depends on where you're going & the response should be proportional to what the spread is. His philosophy: "Better to do more than less."
Look, I realize this is scary. It is. But we MUST stop saying this is like the flu. As Dr. Fauci said, "The flu has a mortality of 0.1 percent. This has a mortality rate of 10 times that. That’s the reason I want to emphasize we have to stay ahead of the game in preventing this.”
Dr. Fauci on coronavirus spreading during the next few weeks: "Two things we are looking for, A: Things are going to get worse before they get better, but B: What's happening now with many more tests going out very shortly ... hopefully, we'll be able to blunt that peak." 
“It’s certainly going to get worse before it gets better.” NIH official Dr. Anthony Fauci says it could be up to “eight weeks or more” of shutdowns and working from home as COVID-19 cases continue to surge in the U.S.  
First, as Dr. Fauci and others have said, #covid19 is deadlier than the flu. Far deadlier. It's deadlier for young adults. Its deadlier for older adults. 10 times deadlier. This chart from @businessinsider shows this.  
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, tells @ABC News' @CeciliaVega that the coronavirus spread will "get worse before it gets better."  
Fauci on @MSNBC now - while it's true there are 1m+ tests out there in US, there's been a disconnect between the actual tests and people's availability to get them. S"That's going to be markedly improved." What's changed is private sector getting involved #COVID19
DR. FAUCI on @Morning_Joe: “I would think within a week we’re going to see a real acceleration of testing.”
WATCH: Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says in his 36 years doing this, “we've not had this kind of a situation before" with regard to disruption of everyday life. 
Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus in U.S. Would Be ‘Worse’ Without Trump’s Travel Bans  …
This is a stunningly bad take from someone who knows better. @WHO called out Trump's  as did Tony Fauci. Listen to Dr. Eric Feigl-Ding's interview with @ABC's Linsey Davis. It's a pandemic and the US has no leadership AND no testing. 11k tests vs SK's 250k. #COVID19
Dr. Fauci on availability of coronavirus tests in the US: “The system is not really geared to what we need right now, what you are asking for. That is a failing … Let’s admit it.” 
Top health official Anthony Fauci testified that the current system of making coronavirus testing available in the U.S. is "failing." His testimony directly  made by Trump, who today said that "testing has been going very smooth."  …
Just a moment’s appreciation for Dr. Fauci. At 79, the voice of reason and calm. Imagine what this public servant could have been doing (earning?) for more than two decades had he chosen another path. Like justices on #SCOTUS and many others, he  …
Who will Trump throw under the bus first? Mulvaney is already gone. Jared and Ivanka are protected. Dr. Fauci or Pence?
Thank you, Kayleigh! But I think Sleepy Joe was talking about the fact that fewer than 11,000 tests have been done so far, a fact Dr. Fauci aknowleged to Congress today when he said the system has failed. Millions will now be infected because I really screwed up bigly.  …
This is, alas, false. Americans need to look to scientists and to their local leaders for guidance. Some of the world's greatest epidemiologists and immunologists are here in the US. The great Dr.Tony Fauci. Dr. Eric Ferigl-Ding. Many others. Pay attention to them, not this.  …
“The system is not really geared to what we need right now,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
CORONAVIRUS LATEST:  — U.S. death toll reaches 40. — Alaska gets 1st presumptive positive. — Wife of Canadian prime minister tests positive. — Disney World, Disneyland Paris to close. — Dr. Fauci "optimistic" about fixing testing system.
Dr. Anthony Fauci on #COVID19 testing in : “It is a failing. Let’s admit it.” “The idea of anybody getting it the way people in other countries are doing it we’re not set up for that. Do I think we should be? Yes, but we are  …
So remember when Dr. Tony Fauci said there  spread in Florida and @GovRonDeSantis said "not at this time?" The state announced six newly discovered cases with no stated travel connection tonight. Will gov's answer change  …
Fauci is a doing his best, but he's been too indulgent of all the COVID Goebbelses in Trump's circle. Here's how his appearance on Hannity has been rewarded.  …
THE DEATH RATE OF SWINE FLU IN THE EARLY DAYS WAS SIX PERCENT! THIS IS WAY WORSE THAN WHAT DR. FAUCI SAYS CORONA'S RATE IS BUT THE MEDIA SAID IT IS NOTHING MAJOR!  …
1— get the truth out. It doesn’t matter if Trump does, every governor and key public health leaders (Fauci, @ScottGottliebMD, Hopkins, Gates Foundation) will  trusted sources. 8/
One of the real heroes over that past 3 months is Trevor Bedford @trvrb at @fredhutch. I think Bedford and Fauci get top prizes for transparency and impact so far during this pandemic. Trevor's insights have immediately shaped policy, and it is remarkable to see it happen.
First, walls quite literally stop a virus. It’s kind of the whole point of a quarantine, for instance. Second, assuming you meant this metaphorically, health experts like Dr. Fauci and everyone else agree travel restrictions have vastly slowed the spread of the virus in the US.  …
"Just because you feel better or feel well, does not mean that you are not shedding virus," says Dr. Anthony Fauci. "You can go back to normal life when you have two consecutive tests for the coronavirus that are negative, separated by 24 hours." 
Anthony Fauci fights outbreaks with the sledgehammer of truth - The Washington Post  …
“I certainly wouldn’t get on a plane for a pleasure trip,” Dr. Fauci just now on #CNNTownHall #Covid_19 “If it was just for fun, no way would I do it.”
WATCH: Dr. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, talks to @kwelkernbc about the coronavirus 
Dr Fauci on cnn right now, about whether he would avoid air travel now: “I certainly wouldn’t get on a plane for a pleasure trip.”
Fauci, who is 79, says he might get in a plane for an urgent public health reason, but “no way” for a vacation/pleasure trip
Dr. Fauci is a national hero. He’s 79 and working around the clock to take care of us all. A voice of truth and reason.
CNN is doing a real public service with this virtual town hall with Dr Fauci, Anderson, Gupta. Things like: “if I was sick how long until better/not contagious.” Catch now/later if you can
Dr Fauci declines to “monday-morning quarterback” the US government’s decision not to use WHO coronavirus test and wait for CDC’s own test says it “would’ve been nice to have that back” but insists tests will  much more widely available within a week or so
Dr. Anthony Fauci is a natiional treasure. Science over politics. Truth over spin. One of the few national officials working with Trump who hasn’t been contaminated by Trump. Respect.
Fauci says “in #COVID19 follow the science”. He has the expertise and experience to lead us through this epidemic. Listen to him and follow his advice.
Remember this ⁦ @JoeBiden⁩ & ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩? None of you had a handle on this therefore you have nothing to say about how ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ is handling COVID19. Dr Fauci said shutting down China travel was the right thing to do. Stop lying to America. 
Problem with #COVIDー19 is not just the mortality rate. According to Dr. Fauci at @NIH, 15-20% of people require hospitalization. That overwhelmed Italy & caused more people to die because they couldn’t get treatment. In addition to testing, we need surge capacity for  …
Donald McNeil said that we are in a "headless chicken phase" of Trump's  response to the #CoronaOutbreak. Also, today, top expert on Trump's Coronavirus Task Force, Anthony Fauci, acknowledged on Capitol Hill that the government failed when  to testing. #Maddow
Opinion: Anthony Fauci fights outbreaks with the sledgehammer of truth 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says Travel Restrictions are the absolute Right Public Health call! By Minimizing exposure, you minimize risk of spreading the disease. If other countries had done this, we wouldn't be in this situation #WuhanCoronovirus 
Dr. Fauci is telling the truth.  …
Shouldn’t the president be tested? Fauci dodges and is whisked away. 
What happened? Fauci was outside talking to the press and secret service came and took him away.
Crisis twitter isn’t the worst twitter but it is the most revealing twitter. The folks who simply cannot put aside politics are sick with a different illness. Dr. Fauci is a national treasure because he can neither be claimed nor rejected by any partisan.  …
All experts say we don’t have enough tests avail which is how you flatten the curve and relieve pressure on our health care system. Fauci said it again today. An hour later Trump said anyone who wants a test can get one. People will die, economy tanks because of his words
If one has dry cough, fever or shortness of breath, should he or she go to ER? Dr. Fauci: "They should stay home, call their healthcare provider, call their physician, or even call the ER & say, 'These are symptoms that I have had. I'm staying home. What can I do to get a test?'" 
Dr. Anthony Fauci today on testing: "It is a failing. I mean let's admit it." When a REAL decorated top medical expert like Dr. Fauci issues a warning, believe THEM.
As even Dr Fauci said, US has failed in its response. CDC head should be replaced ASAP with   …
Biden has told multiple LIES that Trump cut CDC and the NIH (funding increased) that Trump was muzzling scientists like Dr Fauci and spreading the lie that Trump called the virus a hoax. Yet Biden caused PANIC during swine flu with a GAFFE! Presidential  …
Donald Trump, you are a bald-faced liar. Dr Fauci said, no, we don’t have the tests, and then you undercut him and say we are testing everyone! Make up your mind! Don’t you talk to anyone? Better yet, do you EVER LISTEN to ANYONE??
WE ARE FAILING!! I trust Dr. Fauci. How long before he “resigns”? 
Dr. Anthony  President Trump’s travel restrictions: “absolutely” helped, “the right public health call” 
Tomorrow on Morning Joe: Dr. Anthony Fauci 
If one has dry cough, fever or shortness of breath, should he or she go to ER? Dr. Fauci: "They should stay home, call their healthcare provider, call their physician, or even call the ER & say, 'These are symptoms that I have had. I'm staying home. What can I do to get a test?'" 
Less than an hour after Dr. Fauci warned about problems with coronavirus testing, President Trump said “the testing has been going very smooth.” This is President Trump’s #DailyLie. It just isn’t true. The Trump administration needs to get a handle on testing 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Anthony Fauci said the U.S. testing system for #coronavirus is not meeting the country's 
Joe Biden today falsely said #COVID19 travel restrictions were "based on favoritism & politics, rather than risk" Dr. Fauci  the Europe travel ban, says it's a "prudent choice," & "the right public health call." When will Biden be quiet and let the experts speak? 
Dr. Anthony Fauci told lawmakers on Capitol Hill today that "the idea of anybody getting [tested for #COVID_19] easily the way people in other countries are doing it — we're not set up for that. Do I think we should be? Yes. But we're not." @nickschifrin 
NIAID Dr. Anthony Fauci says guidelines for who could be tested for #COVID19 has changed: "The FDA has removed those restrictions... You go to the Dr., you have symptoms that are suggestive of the coronavirus, it doesn't matter where you are, who you are, you can get a 
Watch: Dr. Fauci says President Trump’s travel ban has “absolutely” helped the fight against Coronavirus and adds the Europe flights ban is “prudent.” 
Hannity contrasted the novel coronavirus fatality numbers with those of the seasonal flu, despite knowing that the novel virus' mortality rate is significantly higher. Hannity knew it was a  because the night before on his program Dr. Anthony Fauci,
Dr. Fauci explains why the original travel ban was effective and why he and other experts  the additional restrictions on Europe announced by President Trump 
NIH's Dr Anthony Fauci supports school closings. Says steps need to be taken for containment and mitigation of Coronavirus. Says we need to distance ourselves from each other. Denies it's overreacting. And says restricting travel from Europe is "the right public health call." 
Dr Fauci, delivering straight news with a calm voice. “People say ‘are you overreacting?’ We’ve got to lose that.” 
A virus that is deadly and little understood. An administration in deep denial. Anthony S. Fauci has been here before.  …
Fauci may be trying to protect Redfield; Fauci knows it will be harder for Trump to fire him given his stature & crisis at hand than Redfield. Fauci may also have been concerned that Redfield would not have been as honest as needed given job security concerns. Fauci is fearless  …
That’s one word for it ..... Fauci says US not set up for coronavirus testing like other countries: 'That is a failing'  #FoxNews
In February @realDonaldTrump forbid travel from China. He was called a racist by Dems. But it helped curb Coronavirus says Dr. Fauci. Now House Dems vote to prohibit POTUS from ordering travel bans. They want open borders...even with the flu. #maga2020
The US has tested around 11,000 people. S. Korea is testing 10,000 per day. Dr. Fauci on testing: "It is a failing. I mean let's admit it." Trump: "Frankly, the testing has been going very smooth." Trump: "Anyone who wants a test can get a test." Trump: " The tests are perfect"
As virus lies go, Trump's "Frankly, the testing has been going very smooth" line is staggering. It also roughly coincided with the NIH's Anthony Fauci saying the opposite. 
Fauci admits scarce availability of US testing for #COVID19 is "a failing," contradicting Trump and Pence's lies and vapid assertions. Thank goodness he's speaking  …
Coronavirus official Dr. Anthony Fauci admits that the system in the U.S. for universal testing of Covid-19 is a "failing" 
Pretty incredible video. The CDC used to be the global gold standard for infectious-disease control. But current CDC head Redfield is a political hack. The doctor with credibility is Dr. Fauci of NIH.  …
Dr. Fauci on the spread of COVID-19 "The system is not really geared to what we need right now ... it's failing, let's admit it" "The idea of anybody getting tested easily, the way other countries are ... we're not set up for that" “... we should be? Yes. but we're not"
On testing: “It is ... failing, let's admit it. The way people in other countries are doing it, we're not set up for that. Do I think we should be? Yes, but we're not.” -Fauci of NIH/  …
. @RepPressley: "Has the president or any member of the [coronavirus] task force raised clemency power as a method of preventing a potentially devastating outbreak [in prisons]?” Dr. Anthony Fauci, NIAID Director: "To my knowledge, no.”  …
FLASHBACK: National Institute of Health's Dr. Anthony Fauci on @realDonaldTrump's decision to restrict travel to China. "I think [it] saved us a really lot of 
Fewer than 10,000 Americans have been tested, far fewer than in other countries like South Korea – who are testing 20,000 people per day. Dr. Fauci: “The system is not really geared to what we need right now… That is a failing. Let's admit it.”  …
The top infectious disease doctor in the US just gave America an “F” when  to testing for the #CoronavirusPandemic. Once Donald and his #MAGA cult hear that type of honesty, Dr. Anthony Fauci is going to be applying for witness protection. 
Fauci continued: "The system does not, is not really geared to what we need right now, what you're asking for. That is a failing. It is a failing. Let's admit it. The fact is the way the system was set up was that the public  that Dr. Redfield was talking about.."
A notable moment from the hearing this a.m. when CDC Director Dr. Redfield was asked who's in charge of making sure coronavirus tests can be administered. He turns to Dr. Fauci, who says, "My colleague is looking at me to answer that..."
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the top infectious disease doctor in the US, says the country is "failing" when  to coronavirus testing. “It is a failing, and let’s admit it.” 
I have said since day one: no matter what kind of lies and smokescreens we get from the Trump administration, Dr. Tony Fauci will speak the truth.  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: US admits 'failing' on testing, says Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci told lawmakers this week that without Trump’s travel ban on China, the coronavirus in the U.S. would be much worse.   …
Thank God for Dr. Anthony Fauci of @NIH, who calmly, clearly and bluntly tells the truth about the pandemic when the President and others don’t. I know he’s not the only legit source, but he’s our most visible trustworthy person on this crisis. #coronavirus 
Dr. Anthony Fauci told the House Oversight and Reform Committee the coronavirus testing system "is a failing." 
Coronavirus testing in U.S. not geared for 'what we need': Fauci  
Fauci yesterday contradicted Trump on several things. And it happened again today. Trump today: "The testing has been going very smooth." "We're way ahead." We've done a good job on testing." Fauci on test availability: "It is a failing. I mean, let's admit it."
It's important to praise those who act honorably in difficult moments. Dr. Tony Fauci deserves such praise. He's the best in the world at what he does; and while so many others in this administration have seen their integrity shredded, Dr. Fauci is a shining example of integrity.  …
Fauci may be like the one guy (aside from family stooges) in America that Trump can't fire, right now?
Fauci is consistently the only one telling it straight.  …
“Hi Dr. Fauci? We’re going to need you to drop by HR after work...we have some COBRA paperwork for you to sign.”
After CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield was asked why people who wanted coronavirus tests weren’t getting them, Dr. Anthony Fauci spoke up and said, “It is a failing. I mean, let’s admit it."
Dr. Fauci on US coronavirus testing: "It is a failing. I mean, let’s admit it... The idea of anybody getting it easily the way people in other countries are doing it? We’re not set up for that. Do I think we should be? Yes. But we’re not." (from  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci fact-checked Fox News host Sean Hannity about the severity of the coronavirus pandemic. 
CORONAVIRUS LATEST:  — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau self-isolates. — Dr. Fauci calls coronavirus testing system "a failing." — Oregon bans gatherings over 250 people. — Democratic debate moved from Arizona to D.C. — White House, Capitol stop tours.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the top infectious disease doctor in the United States, says the country is "failing" when  to coronavirus testing. “It is a failing, let’s admit it.”  
Asked about lack of capacity and availability of large scale #COVID19 testing in the US, Dr. Fauci replies: “It is a failing. I mean let's admit it.” CDC Director Redfield ducked the question. 
Breaking News One of the chief health officials Andrew Fauci, on capital hill today says US coronavirus testing is failing. “Let’s admit we are failing and fix this.” 30 minutes ago Trump said testing is going great.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, says the US is currently failing when  to reducing the difficulty some Americans are facing when  to getting tested for novel coronavirus. 
Coronavirus: US admits 'failing' on testing, says Fauci 
Dr. Fauci on testing: "It is a failing. I mean let's admit it." 
Trump just now: "Frankly, the testing has been going very smooth." Dr. Fauci, an actual expert, on testing: "It is a failing. I mean let's admit it." This is Trump's Chernobyl. He is fixated on protecting political myths, not protecting people.  …
Trump on coronavirus: “The testing has been going very smooth.” Dr. Fauci on coronavirus: The testing system is “failing.” 
BREAKING: Top US health official Dr Fauci says coronavirus testing system is “failing” #TrumpWhereAreCoronavirusTests
BREAKING: Dr. Anthony Fauci just told Congress that within a few weeks he hopes health officials will give the 1st vaccine shot for #Covid_19 to the first person. The vaccine won't be available publicly; it's going to take a year to a year & a half to know if it works, Fauci says
As per usual, several things are true at once: 1. Trump's address last night was error-ridden and did little to calm anyone, which has been true of his response overall; 2. The federal response has generally been led  people (see Dr. Fauci, e.g.);
Fauci on testing: “The system is not really geared to what we need right now — what you are asking for... That is a failing. It is a failing. Let's admit it.”  …
. @RepDWStweets: "Basically you're saying... there's not one person that can ensure that these tests can be administered? Yes or no?" Dr. Anthony Fauci: "The system does is not really geared to what we need right now... that is a failing... It is a failing, let's admit it." 
March 2: Trump on a coronavirus vaccine: “I’ve heard very quick numbers, that of months.” [Note: Immunologist Anthony Fauci, has repeatedly said that a vaccine will not be available for a year or 1 1/2 years]
The Chunnel between UK & France  over a quarter century ago. Also, airplanes. Many planes fly between UK and the rest of the EU. I know Dr. Fauci is smart, but his below statement is stupid, especially since UK has more #Covid_19 cases than lots of EU  …
New: Fauci tells Congress at a hearing just now: "It is a failing" that people can't easily get tested for coronavirus in U.S. By  …
Fauci speaking truth to dictator  …
But Trump last night said we're the "most prepared" nation. So who's lying to the American people? Trump or Fauci?  …
Dr. Fauci tells House Oversight that the U.S. health system isn't set up to allow anyone who wants a test to get one: "The idea of anybody getting it, easily, the way people in other countries are doing it, we're not set up for that. Do I think we should be? Yes, but we're not."
Fauci this morning: Says other countries more prepared for testing, says US should be doing better and isn't there yet
Our top experts disagree with you, like Dr. Fauci. He stated: Fauci: Most of the new infections that we're getting right now, the majority of them  from Europe. Q: So you think that'll make a difference? Fauci: "I really do. I really do."  …
Pelosi calls Euro travel ban “strange” and said that Fauci told her last night in a call with Pence that the decision was scientific based. She questioned the UK exemption.
So much scientific data. Who to believe? Fauci: Dr, head-Nat'l Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, advised 6 Presidents, Association of Immunologists Lifetime Achievement Award Trump: Doesn't know how wind works, wants to nuke hurricanes, didn't know flu killed people
HOUSE COVID-19 HEARING: Rep. @AOC and other House Oversight Committee members question Dr. Anthony Fauci of NIH, Dr. Robert Redfield of CDC, and other U.S. health officials about the apparent lack of preparedness to fight a coronavirus outbreak.  …
Breaking: @SpeakerPelosi says that Dr. Fauci told her that he  the Europe travel ban to @realDonaldTrump, and that she trusts Dr. Fauci’s judgement.
From briefing today by Dr Fauci on coronavirus: the US has only processed about 10,000 tests to date. Meanwhile South Korea is processing 10,000 people a DAY!! This level of  by Trump is criminal!! #COVID19
That Anthony Fauci says he believes the Europe travel restriction will help slow spread makes me more inclined to believe that it can be helpful.
All of the armchair doctors on Twitter will now go back to pretending Fauci doesn't exist.  …
What Trump should be doing to restore confidence: 1)Shut up/Stop blaming 2)Put Fauci in charge 3)Free testing/free treatment 4)Preparing hospitals/nursing homes/prisons/homeless shelters 5)Support sick leave/unemployment 6)Cancel public events 7)Help the people, not stock market  …
Rep. Dean Phillips: “Horrified may be too strong of a word but terribly concerned about the lack of leadership - a systematic failure. I think Dr Fauci said it best: Our system is simply not prepared for this. It should have been and it needs to be.”
Full exchange: Q: Does banning travel from Europe help stop the spread of this illness? FAUCI: Most of the new infections that we're getting right now, the majority of them  from Europe. Q: So you think that'll make a difference? FAUCI: "I really do. I really do."
I will trust President Trump, Vice President Pence, CDC, Dr. Fauci, and AIH. You can go with the elderly guy who tells made up stories about Mandela and Corn Pop.  …
Just asked FAUCI if he thinks stopping flights from Europe will make a difference on spread of virus. He says, “I really do.” He notes that most cases  from Europe right now.
Sitting in the all-member Cong’l briefing on Corona with Admin’s senior team. Fauci is trying, but the rest are simply embarrassing: no plan, no answers, no leadership. Unacceptable and infuriating. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci: In order for the U.S. to mitigate the issue, we will need to contain “the influx of people who are  from the outside” and “within our own country.”  …
Dr. Fauci, a well know and respected by both parties! States that to contain the coronavirus! You must stop all travel to and from the infected areas . That means closed borders to other countries. Yet, the Democracts will call that racist. This is a party that would see us die.
On Earth 2, President Hillary Clinton didn't declare initial travel restrictions and hundreds of thousands of cases are currently overwhelming our public healthcare system. That's Dr. Fauci's assessment. In other news, Harvey Weinstein & Jeffrey Epstein are still raping girls.  …
There are 3 options that save this country from economic and social disaster: 1. Trump resigns 2. Trumps signs Pelosi’s #FamiliesFirst Bill 3. Immediately put experts such as Klein and Fauci in charge. Fully and without intervention.
According to Dr. Anthony Fauci, nearly everything the president has said about the coronavirus is wrong 
Not many news outlets caught this quote from Dr. Fauci quote yesterday: "How much worse they get will depend on our ability to do two things: To contain the influx of people who are  from the outside and the ability to contain and mitigate within our own country."
Dr. Anthony Fauci, says the outbreak of the Wuhan virus, China-originated coronavirus would be “worse” if not for President Trump’s implementation of travel bans on China and Iran. Trump and administration has been on top of the coronavirus.  …
Dr. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, warned: “The bottom line: It is going to get worse.”  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci was asked directly by House Oversight Committee Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney if the worst of the coronavirus outbreak is yet  "Yes," he answered bluntly. "Bottom line, it's going to get worse." 
That was when I first met Dr. Anthony Fauci, who literally saved the country from a million AIDS deaths. Fauci should be reporting on #coronavirus daily and Trump should make him the czar of this disease. We need experts, not Trump/Pence.
"Has Dr. Anthony Fauci made Trump irrelevant to the coronavirus crisis?" via @TheHillOpinion  
Two years ago, Donald Trump disbanded the White House's global health security unit. Today, the NIH's Anthony Fauci suggested that it wasn't exactly a good idea. NIH's Fauci wishes Trump hadn't disbanded the global health unit.  …
Shenzhen ban, quarantine, Tony Fauci’s turning green, Alex Azar’s in the sh*t, virus strikes Forrest Gump legit!
“I mean, people always say, ‘Well, the flu does this, the flu does that,’” Fauci said. “The flu has a mortality of 0.1%. This has a mortality of 10 times that. That’s the reason I want to emphasize we have to stay ahead of the game in preventing this.”  …
It’s not enough to correct the lies Trump tells later. It needs to be done in the moment. He needs to be interrupted on the spot. Because what is Trump going to do? Fire him? Let him do it. Fauci has something that politicians don’t have. Leverage. /2
Thank God for Dr. Fauci. But let me just say... I know everyone is going on and on about him. And I get why he’s trying to straddle the fence. But he needs to do more. He needs to yell from the rooftops that this man is an imbecile. /1
Other than Dr. Fauci’s testimony &the op of a few other experts, this article has hit me the hardest about #CoronavirusPandemic #COVD19 “2 in 3 will contract the virus.” That is an APOCALYPTIC OUTLOOK from Merkel. And I trust her  …
Don’t despair. The great stirring in the human force you feel is the appropriate response. What was terrifying is when everyone was in denial. This is where the fight begins. It’s gonna get worse, as Fauci said today, a lot worse, before it gets better. But today we began.
Do not listen to these two. Dr Fauci said under oath this very day that the mortality rate of COVID19 is 10X that of the flu. And we have a vaccine for the flu. Do not listen to these two.  …
Fauci, other experts, and latest research, including in @ScienceMagazine,  social distancing and telework. As an organization at the intersection of science and society, @aaas must lead by example and incorporate science into our own policy making. #FlattenTheCurve
Dr Fauci said that NO ONE in the Trump Administration has told him what he could or could not say! STOP THE LIES SCHUMER! Americans want Dems working with the President to stop the coronavirus! POTUS wants that too! Stop making this into a political game with our lives!  …
Fauci is like a soloist without an orchestra......hard to have a concert that way.
Dr. Fauci testimony today, Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says the outbreak of the Wuhan, China-originated coronavirus would be “worse” if not for President Trump’s implementation of travel bans on China and Iran.
In last *24 hours* 1,000+ coronavirus cases in US WHO declares "pandemic" Dow enters bear market Italy closes biz nationwide Dr. Fauci: “Things will get worse” US Capitol ends tours Trump addresses nation, suspends Europe travel NBA season suspended Tom Hanks gets coronavirus
. @RonaldKlain "I trust Dr. Fauci and the career officials." But Rosenstein's sister got sidelined.
Per spokesman: “Schumer spoke to VP and Fauci earlier this evening before the president’s address. Schumer pressed both on the lack of testing kit availability in US.”
CHUCK SCHUMER spoke to @VP and Dr. Fauci tonight before the speech. Schumer pressed them on the lack of testing kits available in the U.S.
Trump devoted far more time to his "invasion" metaphor than to explaining to the public the need for the measures that Dr. Anthony Fauci earlier today told Congress are required to contain the spread that is already underway within the United States.  …
“With all due respect, I served six presidents and I have never done anything other than tell the exact scientific evidence and made policy  based on the science and the evidence.” -Anthony Fauci of @NIH testifying before US Congress today on #COVID19 
-Dr. Fauci and medical experts today are sounding the alarm about mitigating the coronavirus that is already here in the US. - Trump appears to still be focused on preventing the “foreign virus”  here.
Dr. Anthony Fauci was part of the gang that silenced and destroyed Dr. Judy Mikovits #XMRV #HHV6 Bill & Melinda Gates foundation, Dr. Anthony Fauci team up at NIH Anthony Fauci discusses the significance of World Aids Day #COVID19  
This evening, I spoke with @andersoncooper on @CNN about how the testimony of witnesses before the #coronavirus hearing I co-chaired, including Dr. Fauci of the NIH, differed significantly from what we’ve heard from @realDonaldTrump and his 
I love this guy for standing up to Trump and honoring the Hippocratic oath he took: Anthony Fauci undercuts Trump on the flu and other coronavirus assertions  …
Trump says the risk to Americans is "very, very, very low." Today, Fauci said, "This is a really serious problem that we have to take seriously."
Earlier this evening at @realDonaldTrump’s direction @Mike_Pence and Dr. Fauci spoke with @SpeakerPelosi, @SenSchumer, @senatemajldr, and @GOPLeader on President Trump’s announcement to suspend all travel from Europe for the next thirty days.
Can’t believe Trump is continuing to brag that US has fewer cases than Europe. The number of US cases has doubled in past three days. As Dr Fauci said today, it’s going to get worse.
. MAGA HEALTH - - DR. FAUCI says Wuhanvirus would be Much 'Worse' if not FOR Trump's Travel Ban Dr. Fauci on Trump's Quick & Tireless Efforts on Wuhanvirus ---U.S. Would Be ‘Worse’ Without Trump’s Travel Bans .  …
. MAGA HEALTH - - DR. FAUCI says TRUMP's TEAM 'FASTER than ANYONE has EVER DONE' on VACCINE Dr. Anthony Fauci -- Reaching Phase 1 of Coronavirus Vaccine Faster Than “Anyone Has Ever Done” in History .  …
Instead of Anthony Fauci, Trump is relying on Stephen Miller and Jared Kushner. We are in such deep shit.
Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus in U.S. Would Be 'Worse' Without Travel Bans  …
Stunning: On the same day Dr. Fauci testified #coronavirus is 10 times more deadly than seasonal influenza (which has a mortality rate of 0.1%), Angela Merkel said up to 70% of Germans could contract the virus. 83 million Germans x 70% infected x 1% mortality = 581,000 deaths.
Thanksgiving is 8 months away but in this moment i’m thankful for the intelligence, expertise and humanity of doctors like Anthony Fauci, Sanjay Gupta and Vivek Murthy
Ahead of the President’s address this evening, Speaker Pelosi took a call from Vice President Pence and Dr. Fauci at approximately 7:43 p.m. They spoke briefly about the  emergency House legislation and Administration efforts  #coronavirus.
NEW: The UK will not be included in the travel restrictions Trump announces tonight, sources tell me. The travel restrictions on Europe based on  from Birx, Redfield, Fauci and coronavirus task force.
On seasonal flu vs. #coronavirus, President Trump differs from National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Anthony Fauci on threat they pose to public 
Not that there is a chance this will happen, but this is  argument. I'd love to see a counter-speech by the Dems after, with people like Dr. Fauci with them. I know that's a pipe dream, but we *know* Trump will lie tonight, and millions of lives are in the balance.  …
I’m told the Wall Street CEOs at the White House today got a private briefing from Dr. Anthony Fauci and the virus task force before the meeting we all saw on TV. Dr. Fauci emphasized his concerns about  from Europe, which is getting hit hard by the virus now.
These words from Dr. Fauci are chilling:  …
Does anyone believe Fauci and Redfield are actually unable to finish testifying because of an emergency at the White House? Or are we all assuming that once again Trump is silencing or getting rid of people for telling the truth?
Dr. Fauci, about the only one on Team Pandemic I believe, says he would  restoring the WH National Security Council Office of Pandemic Preparedness- the one Bolton destroyed. Another black mark on the Ambassador’s book. Pun intended.
Pres. Trump, facing sustained criticism over the gov't response to the coronavirus crisis, will address the nation tonight. “If we don’t do really aggressive containment & mitigation, the number could go way up,” Dr. Anthony Fauci said. Here's @weijia  
Here’s what you #NeedToKnow from today’s #Coronavirus hearing, according to Dr. Fauci: #COVID19 is 10x more lethal than the seasonal flu Things will get worse & there will be more cases We should restrict large gatherings & sporting 
"Is the worst yet  Dr. Fauci?" Rep. Carolyn Maloney asked Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, about coronavirus. "Yes, it is," Fauci replied. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns that the coronavirus outbreak is “going to get worse” after President Trump claims the virus will “go away.” @jaketapper reports.  
Mr. President, how the media treats you is not the main thing. The main thing is to #FlattenTheCurve. Please ask Dr. Fauci what that means and how to do it. Markets and media coverage will improve if you focus on the disease.  …
So when Trump replaces Dr. Fauci with Jared, then what?
Kudos to Dr. Fauci for doing such an admirable job despite the narcissists, sociopaths and Flat-Earthers he has to work with every day in the White House -- keep up the great work; literally hundreds of millions of us are depending on you!  …
“I mean, people always say, well, the flu does this, the flu does that,” Fauci said. “The flu has a mortality of 0.1 percent. This has a mortality rate of 10 times that.”  …
I believe the guy who went to medical school & served several administrations over the guy who sold his soul & our country to Vladimir Putin, thanks #Fauci  …
“BOTTOM LINE- IT’S GOING TO GET WORSE” - NIAID Dr Fauci. “ #COVID19 forecasts are grim. Former CDC director @DrTomFrieden, not an alarmist, says worst-case--but not implausible--scenario is half of U.S. pop gets infected, more than one million people  …
I would say approaching zero probability of something like this. We will see. Consult Dr Fauci at CDC, I’ve been clinging to his hem since I was delivering medical care to AIDS patients in the ‘80’s. He has exquisite judgment.  …
“This is a flu.“ -Donald Trump “Sit down, clown. The flu has a mortality rate of 0.1 percent. This [COVID19] has a mortality rate of 10 times that.” -Dr. Anthony Fauci Ok, Fauci didn’t say the clown part. I added that. But I’m certain he would have if he wasn’t muffled.
For those not familiar with the process, Phase 1 testing is where the vaccine is given to a group of volunteers to determine safety. The speed at which they have reached this point is absolutely amazing. Dr. Fauci is 100% correct in what he is saying.
Welp...what are the odds that Fauci will be fired soon? I predict he’ll be out by the end of the month. The arrogant  orange ignoramus leading us can’t stand being contradicted.  …
Getting a coronavirus vaccine into Phase 1 of testing has occurred the fastest “that anyone has ever done literally in the history of vaccinology.” - Dr. Anthony Fauci, NIH 
do you need any further PROOF that Fauci is DEEP STATE & a total idiot? watch this: .  …
Is the WH .... imprisoning Dr. Fauci for explaining exponents to the American people?  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci was asked directly by House Oversight Committee Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney if the worst of the coronavirus outbreak is yet  "Yes," he answered bluntly. "Bottom line, it's going to get worse." 
I’m inclined to believe Dr. Fauci, a world renowned expert, over a bloviating, festering human pustule shock jock.  …
I think Dr. Fauci has been doing an incredible job  …
#Maddow: "Two years ago, Donald Trump disbanded the White House's global health security unit. Today, the NIH's Anthony Fauci suggested that wasn't exactly a good idea." - 'Fauci wishes Trump hadn't disbanded global health unit'-  #coronavirus
Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said #COVID2019 is 10x times more lethal than the flu, which kills nearly 0.1 percent of Americans who get it each year  
Don't be surprised if Dr. Fauci is transferred, muted, fired or mysteriously disappears. He is speaking truth & Trump has to be pissed.
Dr. Anthony Fauci warns that the coronavirus outbreak is “going to get worse” after President Trump claims the virus will “go away.” @jaketapper reports.  
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "The flu has a mortality of 0.1%. This has a mortality of 10 times that." 
Watch this. @jaketapper's team cut video of Anthony Fauci saying things that basically fact check Donald Trump. It'll go away, says Trump. It could easily get to the millions, says Fauci. Less deadly than flu, says Trump. 10x more lethal, says Fauci. 
Fauci made a fool of Trump today “People say the flu does this, the flu does that. The flu has a mortality of 0.1%. This has a rate 10 times that. That’s the reason I want to emphasize we have to stay ahead of the game in preventing this."  …
'We will see more cases, and things will get worse than they are right now,' Anthony Fauci of the U.S. National Institutes of said as U.S. coronavirus cases cross 1,000. More here:  
We should be praising Dr. Fauci for continuing to tell the truth even though he’s probably facing background threats of being transferred or being removed entirely. Let’s not pretend like that’s not happening because I’m sure as hell that it is.
Fauci says ‘millions’ of Americans could contract #COVID19 ‘If we don’t act to contain it.’ Which would suggest ‘perfect’ Trump administration is not doing so—or not doing so adequately. Which seems to be the case, with numbers soaring, people panicking & stock market  …
From hoax to hell on earth. Trump’s coronavirus lies could lead to catastrophic losses. America must heed Dr. Fauci's warnings: “If we  & don't do really aggressive containment & mitigation, the number could go way up...many, many millions." 
"If we  and don't do really aggressive containment and mitigation, the number could go way up... MANY, MANY MILLIONS." — Dr. Fauci to Congress, asked how many people will contract #COVID19  …  
Trump is either lying or he absolutely does not understand what a pandemic is. We need the #25thAmendmentNow. "If we  & don't do really aggressive containment and mitigation, the number could go way up, many, many millions." - Dr. Fauci 
What the fuck, man. Why isn't Dr. Fauci allowed  back and testify? More coverups by the Trump administration.  …
who will lead us thru this pandemic - trump or #FAUCI - #LetFauciSPEAK 
I think Dr. Fauci understands the historical significance of his testimony and no amount of threats from the WH will discourage him from telling the truth.
Dr. Fauci again speaking truthfully. We needed to be ahead of it. This administration more than dropped the ball. They did nothing. Did I hear  hearing was interrupted due to Trump calling an “emergency meeting”? 
Dr. Fauci knows that we are too far behind to catch up! This administration   
To be clear, Dr. Fauci is the only official willing to tell America the truth regarding Coronavirus, that things are going to get worse relatively soon. He was supposed to answer more questions today after a break, but he didn’t show up. Lying bigot Mike Pence is muzzling him.
Thank God for Tony Fauci.  …
Any "Medical Expert," like this guy Fauci, who testifies about the possibility of millions of sick or dead Americans, and fails to mention that Summer will most likely end this pandemic, is LYING to you and may be a propaganda tool of the Left.
*Fauci responded by saying that people should take the virus very seriously and that it should not be confused with the seasonal flu.* Republican tries to get doctor to downplay coronavirus threat — and it backfires spectacularly  …
"In terms of resuming our hearing today, we have been informed that Dr. Fauci and Dr. Redfield have been unavoidably detained at the White House. We don't know what is going on, but they  back." -Chair @RepMaloney
Fauci:You need to realize that we as a country can’t be doing same things we were doing a few months ago. We’ll all see the wisdom in social distancing however belatedly and ineffectually. It’s just going to take some blood on the floor to make it happen.  …
This is what a suicide cult looks like: Trump press secretary says ‘president is best authority’ on COVID-19 after Fauci calls to curb rallies  …
“People always say, ‘Well, the flu does this, the flu does that.’ The flu has a mortality of 0.1 percent. This has a mortality of 10 times that" - Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases earlier today 1% of 70 million is a lot.  …
Remember when I tweeted about Dr. Fauci telling us the truth? Looks like he’s been benched.  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST:  — WHO calls outbreak a "pandemic." — Conditions worsen in Italy. — U.S. vulnerable to shortages if "major outbreak" occurs, Dr. Anthony Fauci says. — Starbucks offers two-week "catastrophe pay" to employees.
Bc Dr Fauci said cases could get into the millions. Someone didn’t like that.
"Is the worst yet  Dr. Fauci?" Rep. Carolyn Maloney, chairwoman of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, asked Fauci on Wednesday. "Yes, it is," Fauci replied.  …
Rush Limbaugh just said that the headlines of Tony Fauci saying that the Wuhan virus is 10X more lethal than the flu are misleading and meant to damage Trump Truth is that the lethality rate of the virus is only 1%, not the 3-6% previously stated but the media won't say that.
And we're back, only apparently without Dr. Fauci and Dr. Redfield. Not sure why.  …
Dr. Fauci is one of the only people telling America the truth. Unfortunately, the Dr. Faucis of the other parts of our government have all be fired or transferred because telling the truth in the trump administration is the highest sin.
Testing is what it's all about. While we've been told one thing in the afternoon briefings about tests being readily available - here Dr. Fauci speaks directly to the questions we've all been asking at the WH of @VP and  …
Analysis: Anthony Fauci undercuts Trump on the flu and other coronavirus assertions 
A day after President Donald Trump underplayed the risk of  to seasonal flu, Anthony Fauci, head of infectious diseases at @NIH painted a very different 
"Is the worst yet  Dr. Fauci?" Rep. Carolyn Maloney asked Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, about coronavirus. "Yes, it is," Fauci replied. 
Trump is downplaying #coronavirus to protect his political interests at the expense of our constituents. Don’t let his happy-talk fool you. Dr. Fauci says "things will get worse." 
Dr. Fauci’s testimony this morning highlights the striking degree of Trump’s negligence. The propaganda and unwillingness to make the coronavirus tests widely available (to manufacture false narrative) will cause great harm to the country long term. 
I questioned public health experts at an @OversightDems hearing on coronavirus preparedness and response. Dr. Fauci was clear — we must act NOW to slow the spread of #COVID19. This is no longer about containment; we have to #FlattenTheCurve to protect American 
The @POTUS called it "coronaflu" and  #COVID19 dismissively to the flu. Today testifying to #Congress Dr. Anthony Fauci laid  to waste. Watch.  …
Trump is going to so mad when he finds out Fauci said this.  …
Fauci refuses to lie and refuses to parrot Trump's BS. Bless him.  …
US's top infectious disease expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci, said 'it would be nice' if Trump hadn't scrapped the NSC's global health unit That would be nice. It would be even nicer if we didn’t have an insane moron as potus during a global health crisis.  …
Fauci's 'it's going to get worse' statement today, which is no surprise to anyone paying attention, seems like the second inflection point of this crisis. The first was Messonnier's 'not if but when' announcement.
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci, a member of Trump's Coronavirus team, announced that up to 100 million Americans will contract #COVID19 within a year. That's 1/3 of America. Here's the math: 3.4% fatality rate = 3.4 million Americans dead (1% of the country). And Trump calls it a HOAX!
Today Anthony Fauci, the US's top expert on infectious disease, urged folks to avoid large crowds. He said if that means NBA games have no fans in stands then "so be it." Meanwhile, Trump still planning to attend an event in Las Vegas this weekend where 2k are expected 
This is only happening because Fauci contradicted Trump. In the middle of a pandemic, our government’s top priority is protecting the president’s fragile ego.
Matches with Dr. Fauci’s testimony this morning: “Congress' in-house doctor told Capitol Hill staffers this week that he expects 75-150 million people in the U.S. — roughly a third of the country — to contract the coronavirus.”  …
Yes, that and Dr. Fauci said ON CAMERA if strong mitigation efforts weren’t implemented now, millions of Americans could be infected. #flatteningthecurve #FlattenTheCurve #COVID19 #SocialDistancing
Dr. Fauci will be fired (or reassigned to some lab in Alaska) within days for not toeing the White House line.  …
Basically just sitting here hoping the president doesn't fire Anthony Fauci.
MAGA Cultists/GOPers: Coronavirus iS tHe saMe aS tHe FLU! Dr. Anthony Fauci: "Coronavirus is 10x more lethal than the seasonal flu.” I only care about  from experienced medical experts. I’ll never trust a MAGAt on this subject or any subject because they’re lying.
There is no way Fauci will ever appear on Fox News again.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci has arrived at the White House after cutting a hearing short on Capitol Hill.
Hi Katie. The president just the other  the coronavirus to the flu. But Fauci said today that actually the flu is ten times more lethal. The president has also said that the coronavirus will "go away". Fauci said today that the worst is yet 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, tells Congress on Wednesday that the coronavirus outbreak in the US will get worse, and explained why. 
Thank You Dr Fauci for standing in the gap and refuting trumpfs lies. You are doing it right and Lives depend on it. Fuqq trumpf.
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "It is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu." Watch full #Coronavirus hearing here:  
Fauci said publicly the task force meeting is at 3:30 p.m.
Spoke to several people right before the briefing ended. The line from the admin was that the witnesses were called away for a previously scheduled meeting. That Dr. Fauci had misspoken when he said it was emergency. But no one has been able to say what meeting this is.
We have Dr. Fauci finally telling the truth about #COVIDー19 to Congress, & Trump is so petty he calls a FAKE meeting at the WH, to stop him. If he fires or muzzles Fauci, Americans are absolutely f*cked. Not that we probably aren't already, with our Do-Nothing-POTUS. #Pandumbic
Fauci now is called away from testifying, and back to the White House by Trump.
Listen as Dr. Anthony Fauci updates good news on a vaccine. They are reaching phase 1 of #WuhanCoronavirus vaccine faster than “anyone has ever done literally in the history of 
Dr. Fauci testifying before Congress, when asked how many people will get and/or die from COVID-19 in the U.S.: "If we  and don't do really aggressive containment and mitigation, the number could go way up...many, many millions."
Fauci testimony underscores why government experts and truth-telling matter: “Bottom line is it’s going to get worse" Regarding the dismantling of WH pandemic office: "We worked very well with that office. It would be nice if the office were still there"  …
This is the power of oversight hearings -- witnesses such as Dr. Fauci are under oath, have a sense of duty and allegiance to the truth, and step out from the scripted dances choreographed by the WH.  …
Witnesses at the @coronavirus hearing—including Fauci and Redfield—are being called to a White House meeting. The WH claims this is not an "emergency" meeting & was scheduled yesterday. The witness' staffs say they were not told of the meeting until this morning.
Huh. @RepMaloney says that Fauci, Redfield & other witnesses are due at White House for a meeting, apparently not an emergency, even though witness' staff said it was. "I don't know what is going on at the White House," says Maloney. "There seems to be great deal of confusion."
"The bottom line: It is going to get worse," Dr. Anthony Fauci, a top U.S. health official, told lawmakers Wednesday at a hearing that quickly devolved into a partisan fight over the Trump administration’s response to the coronavirus outbreak 
Dr. Fauci: "We must be much more serious as a country about what we might expect" re the @coronavirus crisis. He is essentially crying out for  leadership from @realDonaldTrump. BTW, the only Trump tweets this AM about the virus are tweets of people praising him.
I believe we can still mitigate the #coronavirus spread in the United States. But to do so we need sufficient testing to identify & contain the virus. Right now we don’t have that & time is running out. Below is the warning from Dr. Fauci of the @realDonaldTrump  …
So at the same time Dr. Fauci was warning Congress that Coronavirus will get worse, our dipshit President was hate-tweeting at Vanity Fair.
Dr. Anthony Fauci tried to get facts through to Sean Hannity and his viewers last night:  
Rep. Carolyn Maloney on coronavirus spreading: “Is the worst yet  Dr. Fauci?” “Yes, it is,” Dr. Fauci says, adding that whenever you have an outbreak where there’s “community spread,” you won’t be able to “effectively and efficiently contain it.”  
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells the House Oversight Committee that #coronavirus has a mortality rate of 1 percent and that's 10 times the 0.1 percent mortality rate of the flu. "This is really a serious problem," he says.
FAUCI: "We do not know what this virus is going to do...We've got to assume that it's going to get worse and worse and worse." @RepRaskin: "[Trump] predicted there could be a vaccine in a few months...Is there any chance we will have a vaccine in a few months?" FAUCI: "No." 
Fauci: "[Coronavirus] is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu"
Dr. Fauci's response when asked how many people will get and/or die from COVID-19 in the U.S.: "If we  and don't do really aggressive containment and mitigation, the number could go way up...many, many millions." Trump has spent WEEKS downplaying the crisis. 
Dr Fauci is a National Treasure Right NOW you NEED to listen to him. Some of you may have thought that using the word “exponentially” increase and “force multiplier” seemed dramatic. I can assure you that no, it was not dramatic it’s OUR actual reality 
Rep. Stephen Lynch urges health officials to “push back” against Trump’s “bizarre” statements on coronavirus: “Standing behind him and nodding silently … is not going to get us.” Dr. Fauci: “I have never, ever held back telling exactly what is going on.”  
Dr. Fauci aggressively pushing for upping containment measures. Says he can't give a realistic number of people that will be exposed because he says it depends on how the government responds. "We can't 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says “there’s no question” that if President Trump had not restricted travel from China “there would have been many more travel-related cases..." President Trump has saved American lives by taking unprecedented action  the coronavirus! 
“Things will get worse,” Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading expert on infectious diseases says on coronavirus  
Q: "Is the worse yet  Dr. Fauci?" FAUCI: "Yes, it is ... I can say we will see more cases and things will get worse than they are right now."
Trump trying to silence a hearing mid-hearing, after Fauci got real in public about how bad this is going to be?  …
Fauci at House Oversight Hearing: "Q: Is the worst yet  Dr. Fauci: Yes... Bottom line it's going to get worse."
Although Dr. Fauci & the Coronavirus Task Force identified FL as a place where ‘community spread’ is occurring, Gov. Ron DeSantis directly contradicted & denied the conclusion. Apparently, DeSantis believes he knows almost as much about science as Trump.  …
Dr. Fauci: There’s No Question That If the President Did Not Institute a Travel Ban on China, There Would Have Been Many More Cases THANK YOU, 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the government’s top infectious disease expert, on #COVID19: “It doesn't matter if you're in a state that has no cases or one case, you have to start taking seriously what you can do now.” (Sign up for our coronavirus newsletter:  
Fauci finally animated and telling folks that ‘the cases  Should have been allowed to say this two weeks ago. Valuable time lost. @sciencecohen 
This updates prove it's not just Trump but the entire administration, aside from Fauci, still living in a Coronavirus dreamworld where economic policy will somehow miraculously mitigate the spread.
That said, assuming sufficient viral load, the test appears to be quite sensitive & specific as per terrific podcast w Dr Fauci @NIAIDNews @JAMA_current  … In other words, if positive, you definitely have it 8/x
Just me, but I'm going with Dr. Fauci.  …
Dr. Fauci just now at White House: "It doesn't matter if you're in a state that has no cases or one case. You have to start to take seriously what you can do now, that if and when the infections  and they  sorry to say, sad to say, they will."
Dr. Anthony Fauci says Americans in states that don't have coronavirus cases should expect it  and start taking precautions seriously: "As a nation, we can't be doing the kinds of things we were doing a few months ago"  
"Sorry to say. Sad to say. They  Fauci says of infections  across the country.
"We would like the country to realize that as a nation we can’t be doing the kinds of things we were doing a few months ago," Dr. Fauci says.
Fauci also said Americans, including those in areas with no coronavirus cases, should be preparing now for what  “Sorry to say. Sad to say. They will (come),” he says. He also said, “We want to be where the infection is going to be as well as where it is.”
Dr. Fauci just said Corona Virus infections  to every town in America, it’s just a question of when. Trump said last week that America only had 15 cases but that number would be down to zero shortly.
This is essentially what Dr. Fauci just said at the briefing.  …
Fauci sounding the alarm, especially for regions that think they’ve  spread.  so prepare yourself, is the message.
Tony Fauci is a national asset. Multiple Administrations have been very, very lucky to have him.
Tony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says as of today there were 712 cases of coronavirus and 27 deaths. He adds: It’s “guaranteed” that number will go up by tonight and tomorrow there will be “several more.”
This is good. They should just have Fauci do the briefings.  …
Politicization of #coronavirus is undeniable when #FakeNews report lies about @RealDonaldTrump's response. Dr. Fauci refutes an @AP story that reported inaccurately about travel advisories. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
3/3 And reality check: if COVID was only flu, why did China lock down cities, why did South Korea, why is Italy? 10% of COVID in ICUs, 20% hospitalized. Fauci’s is being bizare. @NEJM can do better. @nntaleb
All healthcare professionals should listen to these #covid19 broadcasts by Dr. Fauci. Clear, direct, and immediately usable information to care for our patients & prepare for what’s ahead. Thanks @JAMA_current for hosting them (& Dr. Fauci for being our extraordinary service)  …
During a coronavirus #PressConference in late February, Dr. Fauci announced that elderly, obese individuals are at higher risk of falling ill to #COVID19, & tragically, failing to recover. Donald Trump has had multiple contacts w/ people now in 
The research to produce the Covid19 virus was funded by NIH (National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Disease) & by the National Natural Science Foundation of China. guess who is advising Trump? Anthony Fauci, the NIH Director the DEEP STATE is deceiving Trump BIG TIME!
FAUCI is asked if it’s safe for people to take cruises. “Personally I would never go on a cruise ship because I don't like cruises,” he says. This man is an actual hero. Via @justinsink
Is there any single person in this group other than Dr. Fauci that you have any faith will give us true information? 
Fauci just said if you're a healthy young person there's no reason to not go on a cruise ship. Goes against CDC and State Department  that all travelers should avoid cruise ships.
Tony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases: If you are a healthy young person, there is no reason not to get on a cruise ship. But if you have an underlying condition and are elderly, I would  strongly that you not go on a cruise ship.
Dr. Fauci: “Personally I would never go on a cruise ship because I don’t like cruises.” He strongly suggests elderly patients with health conditions should not.
Fauci just said there’s no reason for a young healthy person not to go on a cruise ship. Here’s one: Would you like to quarantined in international waters for a month?
Fauci says, very back-handedly, that it’s not a bad idea to cancel large gatherings.
Q: Is it an overreaction to cancel events for large gatherings? What about campaign rallies? Tony Fauci: That is likely happening out of an abundance of caution. I would think that would be prudent. He adds, "I  on campaign rallies...This is something in motion."
Dr Fauci excepted, its difficult to know who we can believe in this administration. When anyone begins with a ‘dear  i have trouble w their credibility.
is it just me or does every single person on stage talking look sick? Pence is ruddy. Trump was really sick looking. Fauci was raspy. Everyone looks...sick. #coronavirus
Fauci is playing role many foresaw for Mattis: -Decades of credibility/ connex; -Avoided visible truckling to Trump; -Nonpartisan ‘adult in room’ vs Azar etc Will public nature of this emergency, and its timing, give him more leverage + allow him  out whole? Let us hope.
"When I say 'protect,' I mean right now, not wait until things get worse. Say 'no large crowds, no long trips, and above all, don't get on a cruise ship,'" per Fauci.  How long until tRump cans Dr. Fauci, which would be stupid to do so?
1.- I'm afraid Trump is being deceived about the CoronaVirus. by the CDC & NIH people. CDC & NIH are Deep State. I think Fauci (NIH) is Deep State, too. the Deep State wants to destroy the Trump economy, and then blame it on Trump.
Spoke with Dr. Fauci today to get an update on coronavirus. I’m grateful to @NIH for doing everything within its ability to better understand, respond, and treat this virus and public health challenge.
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director Anthony Fauci said that if you are elderly, do not get on a cruise ship to avoid the coronavirus outbreak. 
"Do not wait for these #coronavirus outbreaks  to  if you are elderly or have heart issues, diabetes, etc. You should be doing social distancing now." - @DrLeanaWen on @CNN No gatherings, no cruises, no travel. - Fauci
79-year-old Tony Fauci sleeps five hours a night, gets in a 3.5-mile daily exercise — oh, and is trying to fight off coronavirus (while fending off Trump misinformation).  … by 
Politicization of #coronavirus is undeniable when #FakeNews report lies about @RealDonaldTrump's response. Dr. Fauci refutes an @AP story that reported inaccurately about travel advisories. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
Dr. Anthony Fauci manages to correct politicians' pronouncements without saying they're wrong. Now he's explainer in chief on the coronavirus. He's 79, and he's lasted through 6 presidents and at least that many epidemics. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says "social distancing" measures will be "seriously considered, depending upon where we are in a particular region of the country." @DrLaPook spoke with him for 
We need real leadership on the coronavirus. Trump has lied to the American people repeatedly and people will unnecessarily die as a result. Trump must step aside. His errand boy Pence who doesn't believe in science must step aside. Put Deborah Birx and Anthony Fauci in charge!
I read this as a warning: that Fauci’s insistence on speaking the truth, even w/ Trump standing at his elbow, may put Fauci on the ‘disloyal’ list at some point. This is pre-emptive, designed to build public support for Fauci before that situation arises.  …
One political consideration here. If the President is incapable of reassuring (and that seems to be the case), let's have MORE of Dr. Fauci. Let's have more #PublicHealth leaders speaking of facts & evidence & NOT platitudes. Let's hear from more Governors. #coronavirus  …
Fauci says there will be 4 million COVID-14 tests available by the end of the week. Get ready for US mortality rates to tumble to normal flu levels.
“Above all, don’t go near a cruise ship. Don’t go on a cruise ship,” says. Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, who is also on the White House coronavirus task force.  
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells the truth. The AP story about the Trump administration’s response to the Coronavirus is Fake News. The media wants to undermine President Trump and not tell the truth. RT If You agree Follow me Add Your Handle Follow all who RT/Comment 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has  Sunday that elderly and vulnerable Americans limit their exposure to travel and large crowds due to the coronavirus outbreak. 
"If Dr. Fauci has  the explainer-in-chief of the coronavirus epidemic, it is in part because other government scientists have left a vacuum, avoiding the news media spotlight or being reined in " Dr. Anthony Fauci Sticks to the Facts 
Coronavirus updates: Dr. Anthony Fauci, a top U.S. health official, said that a regional lockdown of parts of the U.S. could  necessary. He  that those at greatest risk — the elderly and those with health conditions — abstain from travel 
Dow futures now down 5%. We need leadership in this crisis. Trump doesn't even have a chief of staff in place! Trump must step aside. His errand boy Pence who doesn't believe in science must step aside. Put Deborah Birx and Anthony Fauci in charge and step away.
"But the idea of social distancing, I mean, obviously, that's something that will be seriously considered"—Tony Fauci @60Minutes w/ @DrLaPook  … It needs to be widely enacted now, not just considered. #COVID19  …
The U.S. may have to consider taking disruptive steps to protect the population, says Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of @NIAIDNews. Tune in now: On Assignment with @RichardEngel #Outbreak @MSNBC. #OnAssignmentMSNBC 
People often asked me during the Ebola Response, "Why weren't you on TV every day?" This is why. As we did then, the Trump admin should put Fauci and CDC outfront, and have the coordinators working feverishly behind the scenes to make the bureaucracy work faster and better.  …
Dr. Fauci to @chucktodd today: "If we continue to see  spread go up, I think you need to seriously look at anything that's a large gathering. Again, I have to underscore... particularly if you're an individual who has an underlying condition and are vulnerable."
I've worked with many amazing and talented public servants in my career, but none more amazing or more talented than Dr. Tony Fauci of @NIAIDNews. Every American should be grateful for his leadership and his steadfast dedication to keeping us safe.  …
Sunday Talks: Dr. Fauci -vs- Chris Wallace Discussing Coronavirus…  
Trump to Remain at Mar-a-Lago for One More Night As NIH’s Dr. Fauci Warns to ‘Brace for Quarantines’  …
There is currently only one person who I would trust to lead us out of this disaster, and that is Tony Fauci.
Dr. Anthony Fauci manages to correct politicians' pronouncements without saying they're wrong. Now he's explainer in chief on the coronavirus. He's 79, and he's lasted through 6 presidents and at least that many epidemics. 
“I’ve said from the very beginning: we need millions and millions and millions of tests out there,” says Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of NIAID, on the importance of diagnostic tests in addressing the coronavirus outbreak.  
Politicization of #coronavirus is undeniable when #FakeNews report lies about @RealDonaldTrump's response. Dr. Fauci refutes an @AP story that reported inaccurately about travel advisories. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
Fauci is out there speaking truth. Listen to him.  …
The remarks from Anthony Fauci signaled a change in tone from health officials representing the Trump administration  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci is the director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases. He  that elderly and vulnerable Americans limit their exposure to travel and large crowds, as the world fights the coronavirus outbreak.  …
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director Anthony Fauci said on Sunday's broadcast of NBC's "Meet the Press" that if you are elderly, do not get on a cruise ship to avoid the coronavirus outbreak. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, is widely respected for his ability to explain science without talking down to his audience. Where politicians fumble and other health officials step back, he steps up to explain. 
#Fauci is being responsible. We don’t have enough tests, but good there are some & will get some handle on what’s happening. The Surgeon Gen’l made stmts abt “containment” w/o more testing: “Fauci Won’t Say He’s ‘Optimistic’”  …
#Coronavirus - Anthony Fauci: “If you are an individual that has an underlying condition, particularly an elderly person with an underlying condition, you should: - distance yourself from crowds, - don't get on a plane, - don’t get on a cruise ship"  …
NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci strongly  elderly people and individuals with underlying conditions stay away from large crowds, long trips and “above all, don’t get on a cruise ship.”  …
. SUNDAY TALKS - CHUCK TODD IGNORES SCIENCE / HYPES ANTI-TRUMP FEAR Dr. Fauci, Leading EXPERT gives Factual Coronavirus updates, precautions - - Chuck Todd IGNORES, attempts to Whip up BS Hysteria and Fear . Video > Catch Here  …
Chris Wallace to Dr. Anthony Fauci: "I noticed you have a bit of a raspy voice have you been checked for the Coronavirus?" Chris knows he doesn't have it. Dr. Fauci is with the president every day keeping us updated about the Coronavirus. Chris is rude.
Dr. Anthony Fauci set the record straight on the fake news AP story about the Trump administration’s response to #coronavirus. The media is more interested in underminding President Trump then reporting the truth! It’s really 
Fauci: "It's our responsibility to protect the vulnerable. When I say protect, I mean right now, not wait until things get worse, say 'no large crowds, no long trips, and above all, don’t get on a cruise ship.'"  …
I listen to Fauci ( and forgive him for going on Fox, Fox watchers need good health advice too) Anthony Fauci has spent his life in Public health and is a true expert. Also, I have confidence that he will resign before he would let himself be muzzled by trump and his clowns.  …
Coronavirus updates: —Dr. Anthony Fauci, a top U.S. health official, said that a regional lockdown of parts of the U.S. could  necessary —He  that those at greatest risk — the elderly and those with health conditions — abstain from travel 
Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci set the record straight on the fake news AP story about the Trump administration’s response to the coronavirus. The media is more interested in undermining @RealDonaldTrump than reporting the truth. 
Great to hear @NIAIDNews Dir Fauci say we need to vastly expand testing for clinical care AND surveillance. Disappointing to still hear talk that SARS "burned itself out." Misses the point that it was snuffed out by intense, early public health measures supported by testing!  …
Why are they lying to us? The CDC won't give us a straight answer. The VP @VP won't answer it. Dr. Fauci won't answer it. And the Surgeon General won't answer it. How many Americans have been tested? Why did we not use the WHO test when we had a chance to?  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells 60 Minutes he does not believe the U.S. will see the drastic quarantine measures China is taking to contain the coronavirus, but social distancing will be considered. See the full report, tonight. 
“Social distancing” will  more prevalent in US over the next 3 months as the nation attempts to tamp down the spread of the new coronavirus Fauci said Sunday.  …
I asked Dr. Anthony Fauci if he's more optimistic about coronavirus spread today than he was last week. He said there won't be a deployable vaccine for at least a yr. "It depends what you mean by optimistic. ... You have to realistically be concerned  spread."
Dr. Fauci to Chuck Todd: "I think right now something that’s important that I hope the American people appreciate is that the risk of getting into trouble with this infection is overwhelmingly weighted towards people with underlying conditions and the elderly.”
Dr. Fauci pretty much gave the cruise ship business a full stop just now on @MeetThePress .. Brutal but necessary. Balance sheets are the issue now.
Anthony Fauci, determined to tell the truth amid Trump's lies, tells Fox News Sunday that it's possible a northern Italy-style lockdown against coronavirus could happen in the U.S. How long can he possibly last in the Trump administration?
Dr. Fauci: Those 'vulnerable' to coronavirus should limit travel and crowd exposure “When I say protect, I mean right now. Not wait until things get worse. Say no large crowds, no long trips. And above all, don't get on a cruise ship.”  …
DR.FAUCI SAYS CORONA VIRUS VACCINE WILL BE AVAILABLE BY MARCH 2021 NEXT YEAR OR OCT 2021 MAX #BREAKING #CoronaVirusUpdate #COVID19 #CoronavirusUSA
Doctor Anthony Fauci talks about staying away from political spin when addressing the American public about the risks of the coronavirus. 
Fauci says he insisted to the admin that passengers should “absolutely not” stay on the California cruise infected with coronavirus. @ddiamond wrote last night about Trump’s reluctance to evacuate the ship because he wanted U.S. case numbers as low as  …
“Important for vulnerable ppl to think hard about large crowds, airplane travel and absolutely don’t get on a cruise ships” Anthony Fauci just now; adds he’s strongly  getting everyone off infected cruise ships as soon as possible
Dr. Fauci on with Chris Wallace FOX right now telling him how he fought to have those people taken off the Grand Princess. It appears Trump nixed that, until now. Trump is a danger to every American.
U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH OFFICIAL FAUCI SAYS IF CORONAVIRUS CONTINUES SPREAD, AMERICANS SHOULD RECONSIDER ATTENDANCE AT LARGE GATHERINGS, PARTICULARLY IF VULNERABLE -NBC NEWS INTERVIEW
Fauci on MTP: "I think we're getting a better sense as the days go by. Unfortunately that better sense is not encouraging because we're  spread." Says U.S. will need to look seriously at "mitigation" measures such as "social distancing."
It is time to put Dr Fauci Of NIH in charge of the federal Coronavirus task force not politicians. We need real information not happy talk.  …
The CDC has REALLY dropped the ball... [Coronavirus 2nd Wave TRUTH]  via Right Media Questions RE: Dr Fauci. @realDonaldTrump
Coronavirus Update with Anthony Fauci, MD – March 2020 #JAMALive - YouTube  …
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci running damage control for Pirbright Institute – Patriots for Truth  …
Just heard on CNN news that each patient may receive more than one test so the number of tests performed does not necessarily equate to the number of individuals tested for coronavirus. A good question for Dr. Fauci when next on TV.
Dr. Fauci = National treasure.  …
