I asked this Friday of the @VP and Dr. Fauci. They had no idea...  …
This is pure brilliance from Dr Fauci on #covid19 A must listen>  … I especially loved the section on RCTs and the need for control groups (at about 14 min)
How could I forget the #COVID19 story with the best quote to date. "You don't want to go to war with a president," @NIH's Anthony Fauci told my colleague @owermohle, discussing how he balances informing the public and White House  …
Fauci: The true fatality rate of covid-19 “may be considerably less” than 1% and “may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza." The panic is fomented by #FakeNews media to cripple the economy in order to defeat  …
#COVIDー19 The authoratative voice of science, from @NIH. Coronavirus Update with Anthony Fauci, MD – March 2020 #JAMALive  via @YouTube @WHO @howardbauchner @VictorDzau @ProfBhargava @DBTIndia @WHOGOARN
You mean the one where Pence reported meaningless stats, wouldn't explain why the CDC took the total tested #down off its website on 3/2, claimed that no test results means no epidemic, and muzzled Dr Fauci to 30 secs of revising his   …
Bill Gates Health systems are stretched thin a pathogen like the coronavirus can quickly overwhelm them Frieden—CDC Increasingly unlikely the virus can be contained Gottlieb—FDA We are losing valuable time Fauci—NIAID Very very transmissible & almost certainly to be a pandemic  …
“The "right people"  this virus, he said, stressing that Dr. Fauci, the head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, "will tell you what's going on" and "when you need to worry." Dr. Drew on #Coronavirus #FakeNews  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci answers a frequently asked question about risk factors: 
Meanwhile, the White House is preventing Dr. Fauci from meeting with key legislators.
People with underlying health conditions should "think twice" before getting on a plane, going to a crowded event, etc says Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of thr National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, who's at a White House press conference happening now. #COVIDー19
Dr. Fauci tells people with underlying conditions to "think twice" before getting on a plane, going to a crowded event, etc.
NIH's Dr Anthony Fauci especially urges elderly with underlying health conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, et al, to take special care to engage in "social distancing" and avoid situations with crowds and "think twice before traveling." 
How are you guys SO bad at this? Trump's "hunch" is the same position articulated by Dr. Fauci in the New England Journal of Medicine on Feb 28. "...the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. " Do some research.   …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, was reportedly directed to “stand down” and to cancel five television appearances. We've FOIAd for copies of that directive.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci told me some important things about the coronavirus outbreak: what we face and what we can do. This is one you must hear—because it’s about YOU.  Clear+Vivid
Top US health official Dr. Anthony Fauci tells @RichardEngel that the US may have to consider taking "disruptive steps" to contain the coronavirus. 
White House sidelines Azar from coronavirus response. Azar is GONE. Who's next, Dr. Fauci? The who CDC? NIH?  … via @GoogleNews
Trump admin Dr. Anthony Fauci admitted that the coronavirus screening efforts got off to a “slow start” amid “missteps” by the CDC. 75,000 testing kits go out soon. But in meantime sick people are going to work, schools, on mass transit etc bc they don't know they have virus
Dr. Fauci? said last night that we will need millions of covid19 test kits. By the end of the week we will have 75,000. Hmmm, sounds like a failure to me, but the LUMP says we have less cases than the rest of the world due to his handling of the emergency. OMFG
Dr. Anthony Fauci will be on @60Minutes  …
BTW @SecAzar, the @NEJM paper by Tony Fauci that you said was published yesterday was actually published February 28th  … But you were right that @POTUS would not have seen it 
Chris will break down the latest on the corona virus with Dr Anthony Fauci, Director of NIAID. Plus Bernie Sanders joins Chris to talk 2020 politics after a major shift in the Democratic field vying for the nomination. Check your local listings. #FNS 
TRUMP: I told Fauci that there's a good way to cough and a bad way. One time a guy came into my meeting and he's coughing like a maniac. I tell him, why are you coughing on me. Cough that way. Like face that way. We can stop spreading this thing right now by coughing right.
ICYMI: Dr. Anthony Fauci, the doctor cited by Joe Biden and other Democrats as being silenced, directly disputes those accusations as well as the false narrative of the Trump administration's handling of the coronavirus. 
I realized, from the response to my poll yesterday, that there are some who don’t realize what a true hero Anthony Fauci is. This book paints an amazing picture of him during the AIDS crisis. @jjlop131 @craigmatsuda @WeillCornell  …
MIKE PENCE: I just want to announce that tomorrow's winning lottery numbers are 3 18 62 47 and 8. So you should probably play those numbers. Dr. Fauci, you want to add anything?
Hopefully Fauci is holding the line still.
There are about 45000 icu beds in the us. Per fauci
The shadows of @realDonaldTrump, SECRETARY AZAR and Dr. Fauci [Q: about a recession? @POTUS: The country is in great shape. The market is in great shape. I’m focused on this. This is very important.] Photo by William Moon / South Lawn / White House / 03032020. 
You know I feel for Dr Fauci He is biting his tongue and eating his pride so he can persuade the President and save the country
Why do I keep having this bad feeling trump is going to try to court martial Dr Fauci before this whole corona virus disaster is over?
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says elderly Americans and those with underlying conditions should "think twice, even before you get on a plane for a long trip, or you want to travel" in light of coronavirus concerns 
Dr. Fauci tells people with underlying conditions to "think twice" before getting on a plane, going to a crowded event, etc.
Listen Now: @alanalda Speaks with Dr. Anthony Fauci direct from the @NIH About the #Coronavirus - what we face and what we can do -  
The lies about Dr. Fauci being “muzzled” didn’t work so they’ll try another lie or hoax. TDS is a real phenomena.
Fauci is surprised at "lack of detectable infections" in kids. The absence of cases in kids <15 is "almost unbelievable. They have to be getting infected... Why the're not getting clinical disease is really interesting."  via @YouTube #coronavirus
“I’m not happy about the lack of the appropriate number of test kits – that’s for sure – but other areas of the response, I think, are going well.” -Dr. Anthony Fauci 
. @craigmelvin asks Dr. Anthony Fauci about a tweet from a producer, who said she walked right through U.S. Customs in New York after returning from Italy. 
Other experts have said the same thing Fauci said (and Trump said) -- the death rate right now has obvious denominator issues, since so many people haven't been tested, and may well drop. So this isn't just Trump being Trump and solo-rejecting experts/science/facts.
“How much lower, it’s uncertain, but it’s clearly lower than that,” Fauci said on CNN. “Until we have a much more accurate determination of who is infected...we will not get a more accurate determination of what the case fatality rate is.”  …
Top US health expert Dr Fauci: "We’re going to need millions and millions and millions of tests" for coronavirus  …
Similar to Trump, Dr. Anthony Fauci, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director, says the coronavirus death rate is "clearly" lower than the early 3.4% the WHO reported; like Trump, Fauci notes that % doesn't count lots of infected people without symptoms.
"By the end of the week, the beginning of next week, [the CDC] should be able to get 75,000 tests out there," says Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, about the shortage in coronavirus test kits in the US  
Fauci says in the “reasonable future” there will be a “dramatic escalation” of tests. He said, “We’re going to need millions and millions and millions of tests.”
NIH’s Anthony Fauci says on CNN townhall: “It’s unfortunate it got off to a slow start. There were some missteps with regard to the CDC’s tests. They had a problem, they fixed the problem. Now - by the end of the week - they should be able to get out 75,000 tests.”
Dr. Fauci, Trump's own immunologist, said the President should not talk about the pandemic. That is a serious indictment against "The Donald". #25thAmendmentNow
Beating Coronavirus: Dr. Anthony Fauci says more than 80% of Coronavirus victims will recover with very little medical intervention. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Cicilline says he tried to ask Dr. Fauci at Coronavirus briefing about Trump blaming Obama, but says Azar wouldn't let Fauci answer. "In this moment we need the president let the scientists and medical professionals and the doctors be giving guidance to the American people" 
Fauci and Azar are obviously lying. If they didn’t hear the president make these dangerous & misleading statements obviously their staff did. #COVD19 #TruthMatters
Trump seems to be publicly baiting Dr. Fauci - the lynchpin of the govt's remaining cohort of infectious disease specialists - to quit, most recently by disinviting him to speak to Democratic legislators. If Fauci leaves, other health professionals will likely exit as well. 1/
Anthony Fauci “If you‘re young, and healthyLow risk..80% will not need medical attention If you’re elderly, with underlying conditions like heart disease, chronic lung disease, obesity, diabetes, or under cancer therapy” Risk is ”Significantly“ higher #coronavirus
Dr. Anthony Fauci answers the question on #coronavirus: "What is the risk to the American 
Rep. David Cicilinne says he asked Dr Fauci at the Coronavirus briefing about Trump seeking to assign blame to Obama but Secretary Azar wouldn’t let Fauci answer and answered himself. “He said it was true when it’s not,” Cicilline told me
Dr. Fauci, in the NE Journal of Medicine, February 28: "If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%."   …
No expert says a fraction of 1 percent. Trump’s own NIH expert Dr Fauci says 2% death rate and about 15-20% who get coronavirus will require hospitalization. Get your facts straight.
You’re deliberately spreading misinformation. Trump suggests it’s okay to go to work if sick. CDC says explicitly stay home when you’re sick. Trump says he has a “hunch” the death rate is well below 1%. His NIH Director Fauci says it’s 2%.  …
Dr. Fauci made the same point yesterday, without using the word “hunch”. As the number of people getting tested positive goes up, the mortality percentage will go down. It’s not irresponsible. It’s math.  …
Dr. Fauci explaining those at highest risk are the elderly and/or individuals with underlying conditions that cause obesity. So, basically, the President of the United States, who couldn't be more disinterested in this presser. #Coronvirus 
Dear @realDonaldTrump: Please stop misleading the American people about #coronavirus. Your own @NIH expert Dr. Fauci said the death rate is about 2%. Washington State deaths suggest for certain populations the death rate is even higher. STOP MAKING STUFF UP. LIVES ARE AT STAKE.  …
Market Rally So much of what happens in the economy and market depend on public perception of the effort to curb and contain the virus. I appreciate the minute to minute efforts of these men and rest of the team. VP Pence Sec Azar Dr, Fauci
Dr. Fauci has the look of a hostage being paraded in front of the press to show proof of life.
Dr. Fauci (Director of NIAID) on why the mortality rate associated with coronavirus may be less than 1%  
Dr. Drew on Coronavirus: Hysterical 'Press Needs to Shut Up,' Fauci, CDC, Trump Doing What's 'Appropriate'  … …
Thank you @VP Pence for leading the charge against coronavirus in the U.S. Today’s visit with you and Dr. Fauci was very helpful for @HouseGOP as we are poised to pass the funding needed to contain and treat 
I’m meeting now w/ VP Pence, Dr. Fauci, Amb. Birx & other leaders of their great team working hard to coordinate the federal govt’s response to coronavirus. This is a very robust, whole of govt (every level) approach to do all in our power to contain & eradicate this threat.
Dr. Anthony Fauci explains how the COVID-19 coronavirus spreads, and why it is more serious than  cold or flu. 
President Trump puts USA First! Dr. Anthony Fauci praise's President Trump for restricting travel to keep USA safe from Coronavirus. Rt if you agree. Please Follow 
Public health legend Anthony Fauci says working with the White House during an outbreak can be difficult because politicians can  in their attempts to 'calm people down'. Specially Drump administration 
Trump said Monday in the Oval: “a lot of very exciting things” are happening ‘rapidly’ concerning the coronavirus. He said a vaccine could be ready in a matter of “months.” That was immediately contradicted by Dr. Antony Fauci. All he sees is his re-election, not a pandemic. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci has declared COVID-19 a possible pandemic but so diluted the meaning as to include almost any infectious disease. 
Fauci to Hse panel on coronavirus vaccine: We would be about 1 to 3 months to go into phase 1 trials. I think we're going to beat that. I think..about 6 wks, which..will be the fastest..from the identification of a sequence into a phase 1 trial..that's ever been done.
Fauci says, for ~ the jillionth time, a coronavirus vaccine candidate heads into phase I trials in six weeks. But it will be at least a year, 18mos before there's efficacy data in a phase II study. (That's still *really* fast. Vaccine development usually takes 10-15 years)
White House officials were irritated that Fauci used the word “pandemic” without giving anyone on Pence’s staff a heads-up. ⁦ @PhilipRucker⁩ ⁦ @yabutaleb7⁩ ⁦  …
“You should never destroy your own credibility. And you don't want to go to war with a president,” said Fauci, the country’s top infectious diseases expert. “But you got to walk the fine balance of making sure you continue to tell the truth.”  …
Two vids: one reminds you that the Health and Human Services Secretary is a former Big Pharma lobbyist and exec. The other reminds you that Tony Fauci is a scientist. Also, Trump is useless.  …
Anthony Fauci, whose stark warnings about the coronavirus have contradicted Trump's optimism, is a public-health hero  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: “Mr. President, Your Bold Decision To Restrict Travel Early, I Think It Saved Us a Really Lot of Hurt!" 
What do you think Trump is thinking to himself as he looks at coronavirus models during a tour at the NIH Vaccine Research with Dr. Fauci? 
Dr. Anthony Fauci described the coronavirus as a “likely pandemic.” The White House was... not pleased. @PhilipRucker, @yabutaleb7 and I go inside the latest on the #COVID19  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci credits @realDonaldTrump for his bold decision to restrict travel I think his decision to restrict travel saved us a really lot of hurt ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ needs your support more now than ever before ! Are you ALL IN on President Trump ? I am 
And Fauci is about accuracy. After Azar says phase 1 testing is being prepared. Fauci steps in to reiterate that it’s 12-18 months before it could be ready for use. The ENTIRE WORLD is listening. Very irresponsible of Azar to hype as if it’s only a few months away
Dr. Fauci said a vaccine for coronavirus is from 12 months to 18 months away. He’s an expert. Donald Trump said a vaccine  real soon. He’s a moron. What we need is a vaccine to rid us of Trump. That will be ready on November 3rd. #Trumpvaccine
Tony Fauci tells the truth. He has to six Presidents. The American people can literally bet their lives on that.  …
Remember when the media first spread the fake news that "brave patriot" Dr Fauci was not to speak to the media without permission from the Trump administration? Now the same media is probably trying to figure out how to label Fauci a Russian asset.  …
From Dr. Fauci... "If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%." Let's all hope that this is the case.  
This week, Fauci described the coronavirus as an outbreak reaching "likely pandemic proportions." But WH officials overseeing the response were miffed that Fauci used the word "pandemic" without giving them a heads up. w/ @PhilipRucker @AshleyRParker  …
"The whole process is going to take a year, year-and-a-half at least," said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.  …
“You should never destroy your own credibility. And you don't want to go to war with a president. But you got to walk the fine balance of making sure you continue to tell the truth.” - Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director Natl Inst for Allergy and Infectious Diseases. New York Times.
Azar lies on camera. Dr. Fauci corrects him in the very next video in this thread. Thankfully Trump and Azar have to stand there, corrected. You thought fake news was dangerous. Now we have fake vaccines.  …
I remember Fauci working so hard during the worst of the AIDS crisis. He has been a hero a long time.
Fauci, has to step in to tell reporters everything Alex Azar just told them was 100% fantasy.
Requiring the top scientists to meet frequently with a politician who is running for reelection exposes them to a far broader segment of the population than they would otherwise encounter. It doesn't matter if Pence gets sick, but it matters a whole lot if Fauci does.
Noting decrease of #coronavirus cases in China, the Chinese "have been rather draconian" in steps taken to mitigate #coronavirus spread, notes Dr. Fauci. "They have taken social distancing to its farthest extreme."
Big unknown that we'll be able to address when we widespread ability to test is the degree of infection that's out there, says Dr. Fauci.
Dr. Fauci out here doing the Lord’s work. Calling bullshit on what Azar said about a three day vaccine, while not calling him a liar to his face, and while trying to bring a smidge of credibility to these two bozos who are flailing during this crisis.  …
When Azar says xaccine is ready & Dr Fauci has to jump in to correct him. It’s hard when they can’t agree on a lie. Right?
The problem is Dr Fauci isn't explaining it terms Trump understands. If he said that the vaccine would be developed somewhere between 33 and 50 Scaramuccis, he might be more successful.
At WH Coronavirus briefing with Pence, Fauci now reiterating that it will take more than a year to develop a Coronavirus vaccine. (He’s now said this publicly four times since Monday)  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: "We've got to make sure we have a vaccine that is safe and proven to be effective" and this will take "a year to a year-and-a-half."
The CDC is being censored. Dr. Anthony Fauci, top health officials are being censored and muzzled. Important medical info isn’t being shared. Patients aren’t being tested to keep numbers low. GOPers are lying about Coronavirus being a simple cold. More deadly than a virus.
Alex Azar is a big pharma lobbyist Dr. Anthony Fauci is not Coronavirus vaccine "at least a year" away "at best" from being publicly available, national health official says  …
Trump admin bars Anthony Fauci, top US expert on viruses from discussing coronavirus outbreak - Business Insider  …
Here’s Dr Fauci stepping in to correct the fake news the media was circulating. 
This is so unbelievably irresponsible. Shame on Azar! (If it's not immediately obvious why, see the next tweet in this thread in which Dr. Fauci almost jumps out of his shoes trying to rein in these deceitful politicians. And Azar's a former  exec, who knows better.)  …
Since Monday, Dr. Fauci has publicly explained in front of Trump three times now that it will take a year or more to develop a Coronavirus vaccine. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, renowned director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, who the media claimed had been silenced by the Trump administration (he wasn’t) praises the early travel bans in halting the spread of coronavirus in America. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci credits @realDonaldTrump for his bold decision to restrict travel "I think [it] saved us a really lot of 
Dr. Fauci was forced to, again, explain to Trump how long it takes to develop vaccines. He cited past examples using other viruses and the timeline for developing those vaccines. — even after  spent hours explaining it to him yesterday.  …
Poor Doctor Fauci.  …
Thank God for Fauci. He's willing to Truth to the cameras, while that big orangutang is lurking right behind him.
Fauci has to tamp down on vaccine expectations which causes the President to ask him to talk about therapeutics 
President @realDonaldTrump, @HHSGov @SecAzar, and Dr. Anthony Fauci return to the @WhiteHouse from 
After HHS sec Azar seemed optimistic about work starting on a Coronavirus vaccine, Fauci just reiterated it will still take about a year to get one on the market. 
It's May of 2020. An exhausted Tony Fauci is now doing 4 televised press conferences per day seated next to Trump, who is asking repeatedly why we can't just drink hand sanitizer to kill the virus.
. @realDonaldTrump looks at coronavirus models during a tour at the National Institutes of Health – Vaccine Research Center in Bethesda, Md. with Dr. Fauci. 
I feel sorry for Dr. Fauci right now. He’s been laying the groundwork for 30 years  infectious diseases. Now he has to deal with a narcissistic idiot who has dismantled most of the infrastructure needed to respond effectively. Thanks, Dr. Fauci for hanging in for us.  …
At start of Trump event at NIH, infectious diseases expert Dr Fauci explaining to Trump how long it took to develop vaccines for past viruses versus where we are now with Coronavirus. 
So this Dr. Anthony Fauci is pushing the panic button today. Always helpful. Talking about closing schools and businesses? Hell, why don't we just shut down the whole country over 104 sick, 6 dead? Sorry President Trump, but replace this crackpot.
Here is a useful overview of what we know regarding #COVID19, courtesy of Doctors Fauci, Lane and Redfield:  …
Trump has met his match in Anthony Fauci when  to bullying federal officials. Dr. Fauci, if he fires you you will have the biggest megaphone in the country.  …
Fauci told him how vaccines work and corrected him. Trump can't stand to be wrong or seem weak. He's the kid on the play ground that trips you after you beat him at dodge ball on the playground.
Outrageous. @NIH’s Dr. Tony Fauci is one of the world’s leading experts on viral diseases and global #pandemics. Our elected leaders need #facts about the #CoronavirusOutbreak, *not* political spin. #coronavirus #COVID19  …
Ain't you glad Dr. Fauci ain't bein' muzzled?  …
Dr. Fauci in front of the Senate right now: 35 years ago "I sat in this room trying to explain to  then that HIV was not a virus that was developed by the CIA to essentially eliminate certain populations. It's crazy but this is what happens when you have outbreaks."
. @SenAlexander: "How do you know if you have the flu as opposed to #coronavirus?" Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci's ( @NIAIDNews) explanation in the video. Full video here:  
Anthony Fauci was supposed to present on the coronavirus at a Senate Democrats’ luncheon today. He just learned—from Sen. Tim Kaine—that his appearance has been cancelled, without explanation. (Dr. Deborah Birx will be speaking to the Democrats instead.)
Well, that was awkward. @timkaine asked Dir. Fauci if he was indeed disinvited from today's Senate Dem lunch. @VP is attending to talk Covid19. Fauci said he was planning to go. He turned to his staff who appeared to say NO - he wouldnt go after all.  - then..
Just LOOK at his body language! Like an ignorant, petulant child who's not getting his way Kudos to Fauci for speaking up & correcting him Others need to follow his lead It's outrageous he's allowed to continue to LIE to the American public! #TrumpVirusCoverup  …
Trump lies about the Coronavirus and Dr. Antony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has to jump in and correct him. Fauci will be fired soon. 
As #coronavirus spreads, we  Watch as Dr. Antony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, immediately corrected Trump on his claim a vaccine will be ready in “3-4 few months.” The “hoax” has claimed 6 lives with 102 cases 
Trump shrugged off his science expert Dr. Fauci who said a vaccine was at least a year away. “I like the sound of a couple of months better.” When your presidency is a sham, appearance is everything, and facts mean nothing. #Resist  …
World-renowned expert Dr. Tony Fauci on the #CoronavirusOutbreak: "I don't think that we are going to get out of  unscathed. I think that this is going to be one of those things we look back on and say boy, that was bad." #coronavirus #COVID19  …
Fauci on the #CoronavirusOutbreak: “It could be really, really bad...I don't think it's going to be that mild either. It's really going to depend on how we mobilize.” CDC bungled the rollout of #COVID19 testing. And the risk from #coronavirus could change in a moment’s notice.
“You should never destroy your own credibility. And you don't want to go to war with a president,” Fauci told POLITICO in an interview Friday. “But you got to walk the fine balance of making sure you continue to tell the truth.”  …
A real doctor is in the house. Dr Fauci talks to Trump like he’s a dementia patient...bc he is a dementia patient. He firmly & calmly restates reality directly to him. He must be mortified by Trump’s presence in the WH, the praise sessions & the coverup of Trump’s mental decline.  …
"Like I've been telling you, Mr. President," it's going to take a year and a half, corrected Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
Dr. Fauci: Coronavirus now at 'outbreak' and 'likely pandemic proportions'  … via @msnbc
"There are going to be cases that are out there now, that we have not even recognized and that we will soon recognize," says Dr. Anthony Fauci, dir. of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, of the spread of the coronavirus in the US.  
And once again, Dr. Fauci had to sit through a useless meeting in DC with this mumbling buffoon when he could've been in Maryland trying to protect us. Why? Because Trump thinks this helps his reelection, which is what matters to Trump instead of protecting the American people.
Today I watched Trump estimate a vaccine was 3-4 months away. Dr. Fauci had to correct him and say it was 18 months away at the earliest. Imagine caring this little about the facts of a potential pandemic.  …
Dr. Fauci must consider the mental frustration of working beside an idiot a necessary evil on his mission of finding a proper solution to the crisis. Nobody goes through this madness without having a passion for  good.
Dr Fauci is a national treasure; -DJT FALSELY states a “vaccine will be available in months” THAT. IS. DISINFORMATION - Dr Fauci immediately & unequivocally fact checks him I’m old enough to remember when we had a @POTUS that you could 
It will be a miracle of modern medicine to get it done in 18 months. But since it's not good for him politically, he's not happy. I watched him mentally check out when Dr. Fauci tried to (again) explain the process of dev, then safety testing, then efficacy testing. I got so mad!
Trump publicly argues with virus expert Dr. Fauci and demands vaccine in 'couple of months' - and Dr. Fauci repeatedly told him: "Like I've been telling you, a year to a year and a half," Trump then offered Seattle to a  as "testing ground"  …
We are FUCKED! ”Like I've been telling you, a year to a year and a half,' Dr. Fauci said. President Trump shrugged him off. 'I like the sound of a couple of months better,' he said.  …
He's unable to grasp basic facts he's been told repeatedly. Trump publicly spars with nation's top #coronavirus expert Dr Tony Fauci as he demands vaccine in a "couple of months" -- and epidemic chief tells him: "Like I told you, a year." #CoronaOutbreak  …
1/ THREAD: Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, is hedging: • "If you talk about the entire country" • "the whole 360 million" (he's wrong, US has 331 million) • "I think the point you're making" • "haven't done yet" and...  …
FAUCI SAYS THE VIRUS HAS REACHED PANDEMIC PROPORTIONS - BLOOMBERG
Brian has a good question here about how do we know the risk is low if we’re not doing enough testing... Fauci’s answer here seems  up short 
Trump pushed pharma CEOs about deploying a coronavirus vaccine in a mere few months. The CEOs and government expert Dr. Anthony Fauci explained why that isn’t possible (the need for testing). Trump eventually said, “Well, I think treatment in many ways might be more exciting.”
NIH's Fauci on proclaiming the risk to most Americans from Coronavirus is low: "Things can change but right now -- on this day .... .the risk is low." **Yet won't be til end of this week that large scale testing will be conducted**
And herein lies the last day of Dr. Fauci's employment.
Infectious diseases head Dr. Anthony Fauci has to stop Trump from asserting in a White House meeting that coronavirus vaccine would be available in two months: "Like I've been telling you, a year to a year and a half." 
TONIGHT: @RichardEngel brings us his in-depth interview about the coronavirus outbreak with Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Watch on @NBCNightlyNews at 6:30 p.m. ET / 5:30 p.m. 
At meeting with  ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ says he is hearing that a vaccine can be ready in three to four months but Dr Fauci makes clear, after a question from this reporter, that it won’t be ready *to deploy* for at least a year. 
Fauci: "We're dealing w/ clearly an emerging infectious disease that has now reached outbreak proportions & likely pandemic proportions." Trump: "When you have 15 people — & the 15 within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero - thats a pretty good job we've done”
Remember this weekend’s press conference where @realDonaldTrump & @VP Pence touted the great job Trump purportedly did? Here’s the reality: NIH expert Dr. Anthony Fauci just said the coronavirus outbreak has “now reached outbreak proportions and likely pandemic proportions.”  …
Six Deaths in The United States, Fauci Sees #Pandemic  … #Coronavirus #COVID19
But I was reliably informed that the Trump administration was using Mike Pence to censor Dr. Fauci  …
A lot more from Dr. Fauci tonight on @NBCNightlyNews . He didn’t pull punches. No reason to panic, but this can’t be shrugged off.
Fauci says coronavirus has now reached “likely pandemic proportion.”  …
Top US virus-control official, Dr. Fauci, cautiously, thinks current mortality rate will go down as more cases discovered: “I think 2.5% is probably a bit high... It's dangerous to make firm kinds of predictions. I think it likely will be down around 1 percent, but I'm not sure.”
I asked Dr. Fauci if the Trump administration has the political will to tackle the virus. He said, “I'm sure there is.”
I asked Dr. Fauci if the Trump Administration, which has downplayed the virus, is pressuring him to sugarcoat assessments: “No, absolutely not. There's no pressure, I say. I tell it like it is. I've been doing that for 36 years and I will continue to tell it like it is."
Dr. Fauci said United States may have to consider social “mitigation,” acts like temporarily closing schools and events with large crowds in confined spaces. “We're not ready for it right now, but we need to be at least thinking about the possibility.”
Just finished interview with Dr. Fauci, US director of infectious diseases. Hour-long interview. Detailed. He said: We're dealing with clearly an emerging infectious disease that has “now reached outbreak proportions and likely pandemic proportions.”
. @RichardEngel will have the latest on #coronavirus and his interview with Dr Anthony Fauci director of NIAID on @NBCNightlyNews tonight 6:30pm ET/ 5:30pm CT. Tune 
. @realDonaldTrump doesn’t trust Dr. Fauci but he trusts the Taliban. He is a danger to our health and national security.
“We're seeing the beginning  spread, which you know, is concerning," Anthony Fauci, the head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said Monday on CNN's "New Day."- did Pence clear Dr. Fauci to speak??  …
Trump was sharing the stage with NIH’s Dr. Anthony Fauci last week when he explained it would take 18 months for development & testing of a safe vaccine, underscoring all the stages in the process.  …
Dr. Fauci is on @cnn talking about #coronavirus. I feel so much more informed and calmed by his words and expertise. The exact opposite after listening to Trump and Pence.
Exactly how is this 45’s fault? The US is not the hot spot of the illness. And did you miss the presser with 45 and Dr. Fauci? FFS. What kind of jerk are you to use a flu epidemic to advance your own agenda?  …
The MSM who oppose everything our President does are very critical of how he has handled the Coronavirus news. He was accused of muzzling Dr Anthony Fauci! Dr Fauci steps up to the podium & talks straight to the press.  …
Fauci was scheduled to appear on 5 Sunday shows this AM. Fauci was forced to cancel and Pence and Azar took his place. Call it what you want.  …
Why didn't Dr. Fauci appear on the Sunday morning talk shows as planned?  …
Listen to Science, not Butt Monkeys. Dr Fauci, who battled the AIDS epidemic, contradicted Trump's play 2ease stock fears. There won't a be vaccine for this Coronavirus, & shutting down travel won't work. Trump's lying is dangerous. #Science #CDC  …
Coronavirus: Pence defends Trump Jr claim Democrats want 'millions' to die  … If the coronavirus is one big democratic hoax according to the Con in Chief, then why was Pence appointed to oversee it and why has Dr. Anthony Fauci of the NIAIS been silenced?!
#Coronavirus Trump requests only $2.5B to address Covid-19 — far less than $15B that experts say is needed. Looks like Pence (no expert) can stifle Dr. Anthony Fauci, who has guided the nation through just about every outbreak and epidemic since 1984.  …
The concern is that by all accounts (including Fauci) covid kills 1.4% while flue is more like .1 percent so no one wants to relate the two in a positive light  …
Dr. Fauci: The most at risk of dying from the Coronavirus are elderly people with underlying conditions, like obesity Trump: ** Wait, he's literally describing me 
To be clear, I’m not directing  at Dr. Fauci. He’s one of the most—if not the most—respected virologists in the world. This is just a  about how quickly and thoughtlessly our culture tends to write off the lives of the elderly, ill, and/or disabled.
Dr. Fauci and @DrTomFrieden still did lots of media after @RonaldKlain became Ebola czar. In fact, Klain's role was to coordinate behind the scenes, not do @MeetThePress. Americans deserve to hear from seasoned experts. #LetFauciSpeak
Dr. Anthony Fauci: Coronavirus cases in US are  ‘community spread' and could be more prevalent  …
Currently #COVID case fatality rate 1-2%, far higher than seasonal flu (0.1%). Fauci is right, as case identification rises, death rate likely will go to <1%. But even w/ best case scenario, if #SARSCoV2 has R0 = or > flu, we would expect total deaths to be very high &  …
Unclear why @drsanjaygupta keeps citing a 2% fatality rate ( @CNN, @FareedZakaria today) for #COVID19 from Anthony Fauci, when Tony, Cliff Lane @NIAIDNews and @CDCDirector published "may be considerably < 1%" in @NEJM 2 days ago  
Dems kept saying, "Let Dr. Fauci talk! Trump is muzzling him because he knows Fauci will tell us the real truth! He's the only one we can trust!" Then Fauci agreed with Trump, gave him credit for his China travel ban, and said he wasn't being muzzled and Dems turned on Dr. Fauci.  …
“It clearly is much more lethal, if you want to call it that, than the typical seasonal flu.” - Fauci on Fox News today “Just the flu bro” people can now officially fuck right off
NIAID Dir Fauci’s  sobriety on corona/COVID-19, which “may ultimately be more akin to a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%)” [published by the ideologically Left, NEJM, no less!]:  
Because Dr Fauci would have talked about, you know, #COVID19 !!!!
Mike Pence can pray whenever he likes, but I do find it odd to see him leading a prayer during a meeting of the coronavirus task force with people like the head of the CDC and Dr. Fauci. 
“muzzling Dr. Anthony Fauci.... Dr. Fauci has guided the nation through just about every outbreak and epidemic since 1984, and is widely recognized as one of the world’s foremost authorities on managing such crises.”  …
Pence letting himself  the face of #coronavirus is his dumbest supplication before Trump yet. He's not just a human shield for Trump. He's a muzzle keeping Fauci and other actual experts from telling the truth because Trump's primary interest is political, not medical.
Do you have any REAL expertise and responsibilities, besides standing in front of a microphone and praising the taste of Trump’s rear end? You’re as useless a buttlicker as @LindseyGrahamSC. Let Dr. Fauci & the other medical scientists speak! 
"I can repeat what he said, he said, 'I was not muzzled. However, I was to go on the Sunday talk shows five of them. The vice president's office then took over the control of this situation, and told me to stand down, not to do those shows" quoting Fauci.  …
Good for President Trump and Dr Fauci for pushing back against misleading reporting. MSM thinks it’s being edgy or hard hitting but it’s just being stupid and it’s dangerous. VIDEO: 'reporter debunked after accusing Trump of 'muzzling' top health expert -  …
Now, THIS is how you shut down fake news, right on live TV. Well done, Dr. Fauci  …
Dr. Fauci: The most at risk of dying from the Coronavirus are elderly people with underlying conditions, like heart disease, obesity... 
Media Hoaxes: No, Trump Did Not Call Coronavirus a Hoax, and No, Fauci Was Not “Muzzled” The AP even took Democrats to task for their lies about the Trump administration’s response “AP FACT CHECK: Democrats distort coronavirus readiness.”  …
This makes me furious and should make everyone furious. We have the right to hear from Anthony Fauci, the expert! #OneVoice1 Anthony Fauci, whose speech Trump restricted, is a public-health hero - Business Insider  …
Dr. Fauci: "I have never been muzzled." 
MORE FAKE NEWS : Media accuses Trump of muzzling Dr. Fauci from speaking to reporters. HE WAS STANDING BESIDE TRUMP. THE PRESIDENT SAID ASK HIM. HE SAID I WAS NEVER MUZZLED. THERE YA GO DUMB ASSES !! Paint my country red 
Let’s do some math: There’s 40M people in California Let’s say 5% get #coronavirus That’s 2M people Anthony Fauci said 15%-20% of cases need hospitalization (quarantined) That’s 300,000 to 400,000 There’s ~74,186 staffed hospital beds in CA Let that sink in for a bit
National Institute of Health Director Dr. Anthony Fauci has been told to “step down” and not appear in 5 Sunday shows. Instead distinguished scientist and medical expert Mike Pence will do 3 shows. Wait! Pence denies science, says smoking ....1 of 2  …
"Let me clarify. I have never been muzzled — ever." Anthony Fauci, head of @NIAIDNews, denied rumors that the White House had "muzzled" him before announcing @VP would lead the coronavirus task 
Here is CNN getting a smack down trying to accuse President Trump of muzzling one of his experts: “I have never been muzzled, ever, and I’ve been doing this since the administration of Ronald Reagan." - Dr. Anthony Fauci (Director NIAID) CNN: just more pathetic and bias news 
Did you notice that Fauci said that he "stood down"? That sounded to me like he didn't voluntarily withdraw from the Sunday shows. It sounded like a signal that he's being held hostage to a President who prefers to cover up a pandemic than to keep the public informed.
Q: "Can you tell us that... Dr. Fauci will have every opportunity to tell us the truth and the facts?" President Trump: "That's a very dishonest question." 
Forget the Wall Street guys, @VP. Listen to Dr. Tony Fauci, NIH's world-renowned expert on viral diseases. #coronavirus #COVID19  …
New York City has 8.5M people. If just 5% get coronavirus (a low number for something this contagious), that's 425,000. Fauci said today that 15%-20% require hospitalization. That's 65,000. de Blasio said we have 1200 hospital beds available. Scary.
The Usual Suspects Called #PresidentTrump A Racist And Xenophobe For THIS: "If President @realDonaldTrump Had Not Prevented Travel From China, "We Would Have Had Many More #CoronaVirus Cases In The U.S." Dr Anthony Fauci 
Virus expert Dr. Fauci said a working vaccine is 1 to 1 and 1/2 years away which contradicted Trump.The next day Dr. Fauci was muzzled by Pence. Watch now on 
Anthony Fauci—the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases—disputes claims the White House blocked him from speaking out about the coronavirus. ~ @alexsalvinews #CONVID19 #Coronavirus #NYTimesVirus @NYTimes Such liars. 
Fauci was put up to this "overexplaining" and the truth  out at some point. Look at those two lurking over him.
Pence - just a zealot and synchopahnt. None of what they say hangs together but Pence says is better. Wonder what Dr Fauci- who made his bones doing HIV research- must do to stomach Pence's assertion he didn't cause! the HIV epidemic in Indiana under his watch Fauci a sell out
So, instead of hearing from Dr. Fauci this Sunday about what's happening with the coronavirus, we get Pence. I hope every one of those hosts chews Pence up. I hope they: *Ask the tough questions. *Don't accept any of his BS answers. *Keep asking. *Call out Trump's lies.
Dr.Fauci is the man. This is so great  …
Hopefully this was a reassuring statement by Dr. Fauci and he’ll be allowed to speak. Thr nation needs his reasoned knowledgeable approach at this crucial time.  …
Dr. Fauci listing off pre-existing conditions that cause negative  if you get the virus. *Obesity* is in list. Pence/Trump are thinking: PENCE: Finally! Mother can call me President Pence. Trump: Phew! Glad I'm not obese.
MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Accuses Trump of Muzzling Dr. Fauci from Speaking to Reporters - Dr. Fauci Then Tells Reporters "I Was Not Muzzled" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
Anthony Fauci—the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases—disputes claims the White House blocked him from speaking out about the coronavirus. 
Did u get the slap Fauci took at you? Obesity puts you at a higher risk to contract Coronavirus? Know u weren't listening because you were obsessed about what kind of ice cream you would be eating tonight.
Watching Dr. Fauci on these press briefings is like a master class of how to explain public health epidemics. He is brilliant and so experienced.
02/29/2020 1:30 Coronavirus Press Conference Dr. Fauci- NIH: “I have not been muzzled by ANYONE”- “That’s a real mischaracterization.”
Thank you, Dr Redfield, and to Dr Fauci, for the excellent job today describing the need / steps for containment, & how to keep this from getting out of hand like the 1918 pandemic. Only wish Trump and Pence spent less time demanding praise, and more listening to you & Dr Fauci
Moment of Truth: Fauci should definitely defy Trump/go on TV/tell truth to power re pandemic facts/risks/preparations. How dare Trump fakenews our public health crisis for his selfish political advantage.  …
Sure, sure. Watched your deal today. #shitshow. That Dr. Anthony Fauci seems short like Mike. Do you have a derogatory nickname for him yet? I suggest Teeny Tiny Tony. But maybe Ant Man Ant’ny might tickle your mushroom too. 
I hope every one of those host grills him about why he's appearing and not Dr. Fauci, who is the best person to educate and inform the public. I hope they ask the tough questions about why the Trump Administration is muzzling Dr. Fauci. And don't let Pence BS his way out of it.
I concur! Trump looked like John Gotti and Pence looked like Sammy The Bull — ready to stab Dr Fauci in the neck if he was too forthright! 
I’m guessing @CDCDirector and Dr Anthony Fauci made the decision that it was better to speak to the American people even with censored information than to be silent while Trump and Pence engage in disinformation.
You were pathetic but Dr. Fauci was impressive. Leave the messaging to him.
Just thinking of how hard it must be for Dr Anthony Fauci, the immunologist who presided over the US HIV/AIDS response, to be “checking in” with the former governor who messed up HIS state’s response to an HIV outbreak.  …
What? Why isn't Dr. Fauci on the Sunday shows? Pence knows nothing! He is an extremist, evangelical ignoramus.
It was a sarcasm on my part, but clearly, Fauci was called in to make a statement. Ugh..
MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Accuses Trump of Muzzling Dr. Fauci from Speaking to Reporters - Dr. Fauci Then Tells Reporters "I Was Not Muzzled" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
That's not a calming spokesperson, he is as much of a moron as trump. We demand to hear from Dr. Fauci (sp?) I won't be watching.  …
He also says he wasn't muzzled....and did you see the look from Pence before he spoke...a threat.....said he'd now been cleared for Sunday shows...but guess who's going on? Pence instead. #CoronavirusCoverup......so they have Fauci lying now?
This is simply a lie. No vaccine will be ready for rollout to the public for 12-18 months, per Dr. Anthony Fauci just a few days ago. @realDonaldTrump
Liverpool -  … Washington State -  … Lovren -  Fauci -  HBDtoWONHO -  …
Fauci jumped up and parroted the Pence taking points denying he was 'muzzled' Well- he WAS. People don't like to feel or admit they are lap dogs but his adoring look at Pence for a nod and a pat says otherwise. Even my Golden Retriever was more independent
