That “fire Fauci” is trending again on Twitter is proof that propaganda works. It’s wholly irrational to want Trump to “fire Fauci.” Americans are surrendering their critical thinking skills.   …
“If properly fitted, one mask can save many thousands of lives” - Dr. Fauci @realDonaldTrump 
So Copy Cat Conservatives not only drag the Trump lines of China and WHO now they have to mimic the fire Fauci stupidity with their nonsense about firing Dr. Tam. I have grown used to CPC being duplicitous and ambulance chasers ... but this new Trump copy cat stuff is revolting.
Canadian Conservatives are in lock step w Rebublicans. Fire Fauci and Fire Tam at the same time?  …
When Alex Jones catches the covid...from the ‘fire Fauci’ rally and is in ICU, let me hear you mouth breathers say ‘his politics don’t matter, he is a father’ .. 
Chanting “Fire Fauci” causes lots of spittle spray. It’s the “F” that really spits it! Enjoy your ventilators. If you get one. 
Watch the Fauci video at the top again and tell me if you see what I see... Fauci treading water to spin. Fauci's deep state masters  for his head on a pike. He had no choice but to flip for protection, then follow Trumps orders to participate in this "show". #Qanon
Protesters chant 'Fire Fauci!' in front of Texas state Capitol  YOU GOT IT RIGHT PATRIOTS!...
Then you should refuse treatment when you contract the coronavirus. Dr. Fauci has been the lone voice of reason during this debacle.
Hey fam, I want to  the REAL @DrJudyAMikovits to twitter! Dr. Anthony Fauci destroyed her career to cover up one of the true causes of cancer: animal virus that had contaminated vaccines and the blood supply. Please give her a follow.
Time for Bill Gates, Deep State, corruption $$$that Fauci is part of gets exposed!! @realDonaldTrump Awesome!!!! #WWG1GWA #QAnons
Demonstrators are gathering outside the Texas Capitol building to protest stay-at-home orders, chanting “Fire Fauci, Fire Fauci” 
Crowd in Texas chants 'fire Fauci' at anti-lockdown protest  via @MailOnline
Fire Fauci is trending because we have a huge problem with inbreeding in America .
I’m just sitting here watching footage of the protests practically seeing the little viral f*ckers jump off magats like fleas while they chant Fire Fauci. Wtaf This is truly insane. #COVIDIOT #LiberateAmericaFromTrump #MagatMayhem 
Plot Twist: If the disease was spreading from November or earlier, does social distancing actually work? Use your thinking caps on this one. Don't wait for Trump & Fauci to tell you if you're allowed to think or not.  …
Is it just me or have people been alot more emphatic about getting rid of Fauci and reopening states since learning covid-19 victims were disproportionately black? A couple weeks ago everybody was on board with flattening the curve, today it is a race to infect the most people.
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Have you noticed no reporter asks Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx if they believe Hydroxychloroquine is effective anymore. It's because they know it is.
Anyone wondering why Gates and Fauci are pushing for #Vaccines... #CheckThisOut.  …
Definition of #COVIDIOTS: People who chant "FIRE FAUCI," the guy keeping their stupid asses alive, while wearing masks HE  This is peak stupidity.  …
*opens twitter *sees “Fire Fauci” is trending  
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube @simonjbridges @NewConservNZ @RealNZParty @dbseymour @BetterNZ Wake the hell up people. Can't you see the World is manipulated by toxic people. Ardern let us down.
I always picked up a “cover my ass” vibe from Fauci and Birx. I have a feeling Birx came clean first and told the President the truth and Fauci resisted until they caught him. Now they both are being made to be front and center for the entire show.
THEY COMING TO VACCINATE YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN BUT BILL GATES AND DR FAUCI AND THEIR CHILDREN IS NOT GONNA TAKE THE SHOT 
About 7 minutes long with citations and links below the video. Dr Fauci is not what he appears - or at least he didn't used to be. You decide.  …
He is bringing in the Gates Foundation next. I’m going to guess he is going to expose Gates like he did Fauci and Birx.   …
If you could end Covid-19 by sacrificing a part of the United States, which state would you choose and why Florida? (“Fire Fauci” is the stupidest)
#TogetherAtHome challenge ! Babyface #Fauci #MichaelJordan Everyone is staying at home just relax and chill until your government says go #ShadowsFX is on ....  Best #SportsPicks #Jerseyshore #Jerseykid #Dfs #Jkp 
A new site set up showing All of the facts & people involved- Redfield, Fauci, Birx & others! The Webb Report..Watch "BioWeapon 911 - Looking At Evidence - Not MSM Conspiracy Theories" on YouTube 
What is this??? EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses 
Got a hunch this lot won't be interested in Fauci's vaccine either.... Go, Texas!  …
When do you think he'll fire Fauci? He's lasted longer than I anticipated. I had him gone by Friday.
Fire Fauci? Wtf is happening? How are these ppl allowed to get together, and a doctor treating the homeless gets locked up? I know the answer, it’s a rhetorical question lol  …
I said a few weeks ago that Fauci was going to get run out of town. I think folks in DC know we're going to blow past the magical 60k fatality number (as if 60k is something to be proud of). Trump is in political peril and will rip everything up.
These anti "stay at home" protests are really something - nazi flags, confederate flags, armed militias, "fire Fauci" chants, covid hoaxers, Q nuts. Someone turn the lights on and make all these roaches scatter back into the cracks again.
9/11 was an inside job and so is this virus. Comparing it to 9/11 is a psych tactic to control. Don’t believe it. Don’t believe Fauci. Don’t believe Birx. Don’t believe Gates. Don’t believe Chy-NA. Don’t believe MSM. DON’T BELIEVE THE DEEP STATE.
What kind of sphincters chant ‘Fire Fauci’ for being a medical expert with decades of experience telling us what we need to know with regards to this pandemic?
Great. This true hero -Fauci-who’s worked tirelessly at age 79 to fight the pandemic on behalf of all Americans needs security detail against some of them. Disgusting & heartbreaking #FireTrumpNotFauci
Looking at MAGAts chant "fire Fauci" behind their face masks is beyond ironic!  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Patriots outside the Texas Capitol building chanting "Fire Fauci"! Texas Population: 29,472,295 Texas China Virus Deaths: 318 Enough is ENOUGH! Patriots around the country are done staying home & not working, because Fauci wanted to shut everyone down! 
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
Fire Fauci? Trump is the one parading him on the stage every single day to lie to you. FIRE THEM ALL 
While the Joker is wild, unhinged, unfair and indecent like an evil Jim Jones I am jonesing for sanity not alex jones Too many lie while too many ... Say Fire Fauci ? Fire Trump! 
Dr Fauci - care to explain how the same HIV Glycoprotein 120 that you've been studying since 1986 ended up in a animal virus? Our bodies fight off bacteria and viruses on a daily basis. However, if you encapsulate the virus this deceives your immunity  
You chant “Fire Fauci” near me, you’re catching these hands
Delusions taken to a whole new level of insanity. This is not hyperbole - the man is truly sick, and to think that Fauci and Birx are willing to sacrifice their integrity on the same stage as this man is beyond 
Anthony Fauci sets stage for mandatory - lucrative! - vaccine  … The Washington Times is on to Fauci and Gates. Will mainstream ever acknowledge it?
calling FAUCI a fascist is hilarious cuz he's this cautious, gentle man who somehow has infinite patience for when people ask him stupid questions, isnt pushing for ANYTHING radical or extreme, and has very limited real power. but yeah what a fash
Have you wondered how MAGA can claim that Dr. Fauci is in league with Satan, but not be concerned that Trump is workin' with a Satanic minion?  …
I realize @realDonaldTrump Voters are very sensitive to being referred to as dumb, greedy, racist or blind. But if you're currently outside in a crowd of people shouting "Fire Fauci", you're not a Patriot or a Rebel -- You're a Woefully Misguided Fucking Moron. Endangering others 
Crowd of people chants that Dr. Fauci should be fired. This is not satire.  …
Fire Fauci is trending...Proving once again there are many assholes on Twitter. 
Fauci crapped his pants when 45 talked about the billions in funding passed out by the NIH! “We’ve been looking into that for awhile”!
Before this poll, did you know Gate's "Global Vaccine Action Plan" was co-launched TOGETHER WITH FAUCI? (he was not merely added to the Board)
WTH...Dr. Fauci there will be NO “New Normal”! Dr. Fauci Contradicts President Trump, Says Society Will Have to Adjust to 'New Normal' Following Pandemic  … via @BigLeaguePol
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation have announced a collaboration to increase coordination across the international  and create a Global Vaccine Action Plan. So the NIAID & Gates. Fauci is NIAID Director.
Not all white people - just Trump supporters. They’re in their own class of stupid. Chanting ‘Fire Fauci’ while wearing masks  by Fauci. 
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers as Economy Collapses #COVID #coronavirus 
Texans Chant "Let us Work!" and "Fire Fauci!" at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest at State Capitol (VIDEOS)  … via @gatewaypundit
Fauci was a leader of this initiative at the SAME TIME he authorized dangerous "gain of function" research on CoronaVirus (illegal in US), moved this research to Wuhan, and approved at $3.7mil budget for it. Evidence here  …
Before this poll, were you aware that Dr. Anthony Fauci is on the Board of Directors for the Gates Foundation? (evidence in next tweet)
@POTUS is playin Fauci Birx CDC all of them like a fiddle. Genius. Brilliant. #Winning
LIARS We were told people in equatorial regions don’t get flu/pneumonia because it was too “hot”. It turns out [they] were lying. The reason those areas don’t get flu/pneumonia is because they take anti malaria medicines all the time. Dr. Fauci & the CDC always knew. #QANON
Please lets get this Viral To Fire & Prosecute Dr. Fauci!  …
 Fauci and Gill Bates never wear masks? LOL
HOLYYYY SHITTTTT!!! That was MASTERFUL. DJT just TOTALLY EVISCERATED Birx in front of the WHOLE world. That’s it. Her, and Fauci credibility is COMPLETELY SHOT! To add insult to injury, he STILL coddles her afterward...He wears them like a pair of old shoes!
These people are chanting, "Fire Fauci." They want to get rid of the scientist and blindly follow the reality TV star? Its like an episode of The Twilight Zone  …
“Fire Fauci! Fire Fauci!” We have spoken. #DrainTheSwamp 
Because people do not read how Congress spends taxpayer $$. Also the entrenched globalists in government elected and non elected want money for their pet projects. I wish someone would ask Obama why and also Dr. Fauci who handed out the funds. This disaster has many villians
Birx needs to STFU and LEAVE The best pic you will see today - Potus looking in disbelief at the LIES of the DS! BIRX & FAUCI: STOP ALREADY! WE ARE SICK OF THIS SH!T 
What do Fauci, Gates, Pompeo, Birx, Mnuchin and Soros have  Yeah, I don’t know either. 
Dr Birx is spinning the China excuse which is disgusting. Where the hell is Dr Fauci? Birx has  a puppet for Trump and the GOP leadership.
Did you know... Dr Fauci is on the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Leadership Council For Global Health Leaders Launch Decade of Vaccines Collaboration Mission: Global Vaccine Action Plan to guide discovery, development & delivery of lifesaving vaccines  
These morons need to be arrested for endangering the public during a pandemic, Greg @GovAbbott #Texas #COVID19 #Fauci  …
FYI...DJT cannot fire Fauci. He is not a political appointee. Fauci can be removed from the COVID-19 task force, but that's about it. He is a director of one of the NIH branches dedicated to allergies and infectious diseases. #FireFauci
Can someone ask Dr. Fauci or Birx about what was in the stockpile when this assface took office? #COVID19
BREAKING NEWS: Texas crowd chants 'fire Fauci' and heavily armed demonstrators swarm New Hampshire as thousands demand to be 'liberated' from stay-at-home orders - while protesters dump fake body bags outside Trump properties. 
Good. They’re finally learning to avoid giving Trump a free hour to spew propaganda and lies. Just start showing it when Fauci or Birx are speaking. That’s all that people who want real, fact based information need to hear.
#NIH's @NIAIDnews Director Dr. Anthony Fauci is interviewed by Snapchat's Peter Hamby on the latest episode of Good Luck America. Get the latest on #COVID19 and what to expect  …
Even Dr. Fauci admitted yesterday that the Trump administration “had a problem” early on with testing. Trump is still trying to blame President Obama for faulty tests for a disease that didn’t exist during President Obama’s administration.  …
Like firing Fauci is going to put a black mark on his employment record. He’s one of the top epidemiologists in the United States during a pandemic. Fauci will be fine. You’ll be dead.  …
Fire Fauci and we all die. The lying & the @GOP is an absolute JOKE. If you #MAGA folks can’t tell he’s lying through his vaneers...___ 
Texas protesters chant ‘fire Fauci’ while claiming coronavirus vaccine is ‘Mark of the Beast’  …
Little @NYGovCuomo , Fauci and the rest of the self acclaimed scholars in the room say we could have a round two. Well when you have people bottled up at home they have no way to build immunities to this ChinaVirus.
'Fire Fauci' is the new  from anti-lockdown protesters in Texas today. 
It’s time for todays pandemic seminar! Or as I call it, BEAT the press! Haha! Dr. Birx and Fuhrer Fauci are offstage again where they should be! Too many cooks can spoil the Covid. #ChinaGate #Event201
This is a state with a GOP governor but for some reason they are angry at Dr Fauci. Why? Bc these are just pro-Trump rallies masquerading as something else: Trump Supporters Chant 'Fire Fauci!' at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest in Texas 
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube PLEASE take time 2 watch this. I believe we’re being nudged & many of you know what that means If we don’t awaken the nudge will be a very aggressive shove
NEW: Protesters in Texas chant 'Fire Fauci' and demand reopening businesses. 
Incase you missed it Bill Gates and Fauci took our tax dollars to China where the virus that is killing Americans was made. Now Gates wants to vaccinate us all
Imagine, if you would, that we get difficult reality from Fauci, then Trump steps up and it cuts to Moe pushing Curly's nose down onto a rapidly spinning high-speed sander. Curly is whooping and sparks are flying. But we know it's not real and it's funny. This is NOT a bad idea.
Alex Jones joins protest against coronavirus lockdown orders as crowds chant ‘Fire Fauci’  …
Texans Chant: “Let us Work!” and “Fire Fauci!” at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest at State Capitol (VIDEOS)  …
No f. ing. Way. The average Vaccine take 4 years to develop but Bill Gates and Dr Fauci can develop in 18 months. Seriously.... I am calling BS. 
As Dr. Fauci told me, "There's something there, Sanjay, that we're missing from a pathogenesis standpoint. And I don't think it's only if you're elderly or if you have underlying conditions. There's something else going on there that hopefully we'll ultimately figure out."(10/10)
Dr. Anthony Fauci told me "I'm fascinated ... by what I would call the pathogenesis" when I interviewed him for my podcast, "Coronavirus: Fact vs. Fiction." (3/10) 
WTG Texas! Patriots on lockdown have had enough! They're at the Texas State Capitol chanting “fire Fauci!" We Stand with you Texas! #ReopenTexas #ReopenAmerica 
We filed a request for  of Gov. DeSantis's office related  spread of the coronavirus — something DeSantis denied last month was happening, even as Dr. Anthony Fauci was saying there  spread in Florida.   …
Now I see why Fauci deflected the COVID question about it being sourced from a lab. I now question whether the director of the Virology lab applied #GainOfFunction sequences to the horeshoe bat virus. Her specialty is manipulating viral RNA w/ #GOF to make it 
WATCH: Trump Supporters Chant 'Fire Fauci!' at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest in Texas 
Dr. Fauci is one of my heroes. His work at NIAID has resulted in saving countless lives. Nobody in this video deserves the what Dr. Fauci has given us & yet he’ll keep doing it because ::clears throat:: SCIENCE DOESN’T CARE ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS. 
Everyone: "Please stay home as much as you can. Protect yourself and others. Wear a mask. Chill out. Watch a movie. Read a book. Bake a cake." Idiots: "No! I want my freedom back! This is a fake crisis! Fire Fauci! 'Murica!"
Protestors at an anti-lockdown rally in Texas yelled 'fire Fauci' in a targeted chant against President Trump's top medical advisor 
The virus is spread by exhalations from the lungs. And these people are in close proximity, without masks, SHOUTING "Fire Fauci."  …
Reading the outstanding "How to Survive a Plague" on early history of HIV/AIDS. The sordid history of AL-721 stands as a good warning. The  pushed FDA/NIH (Dr. Fauci) to approve this orally administered lipid mixture despite no data it worked. June 26 '88 NYT: 
The rude and nasty mob are back with a vengeance Reminiscent of the old Tea Party days when they rampaged against climate change which threatens their world is flat ignorance So today the chant Fire Fauci that media darling of rationality They do know their Prez has their backs 
Gates is mainly a distraction. We need to focus energy and point the finger at number one, Big Pharma Fauci, and number two,  democratic dictators like @NYGovCuomo, @GavinNewsom and other rats.
Whoa - those folks are mighty cozy. And shouting “Fire Fauci?” I think we have some winners in the COVID-19 crash test dummies contest. 
Fauci - the deaths in the US will be 2 million, +/- 2 million. Close enough for Government Work.
Trump's loyalists in Texas stage mass gathering calling for the fireing of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the U.S.'s top medical expert (he is no where close to the best medical experts across the world but it's the best the U.S. can do apparently). 
Who does no one question Dr. Fauci about his ties to the gates foundation?
Before this poll, did you know Fauci is the one who moved the CoronaVirus research from US to China (when the work was made illegal here) and approved its budget? (evidence follows in next tweet)
"Fire Fauci" if you will, however, Facts are stubborn things. Truth transcends the Teller.
When the administration (Birx, Fauci) talks about having made a mistake not getting industry involved earlier, this may be what they're coding. 1/  …
I watched the 2011 movie #Contagion last night. The #CDC plays a key role & guidelines we have now are almost identical. The movie follows a plot eerily similar to the 2019 Pandemic exercise at Johns Hopkins Univ. #coronavirus #COVID #Gates #Fauci  …
‘Fire Fauci!’ — Anti-Lockdown Protesters Erupt At Texas State Capitol | The Daily Caller  …
Swedish epidemiologist uses science-based evidence as he keeps Swedish schools/economy open. He says "over half" the world has already asymptomatically contracted COVID-19. He and Dr. Fauci agree the fatality rate for COVID-19 is 0.1%, same as the flu.  
In addition to these unfortunate and senseless protests (Protesters demanding their right to be infected), there is currently a right-wing campaign to discredit & remove Dr. Fauci from the National Pandemic Team. Doubting him is foolish. Removing him would be insanely dangerous.
They’re chanting “Fire Fauci”, the only scientist with any expertise anywhere near this administration, and they’re doing it while wearing masks. History won’t have the words to describe the trump base.  …
Trump can’t fire Fauci. Despite what Trump’s ego (and these dumb fucks) WANT to believe, Fauci doesn’t work for him.  …
Fauci was instrumental in stopping aids. He's a brilliant virologist who wins nothing by giving us his knowledge. Stupid is the real pandemic in America. We can invent a vaccine for THE19. These dumb fucks are terminal. Glad they are taking themselves out of the gene pool.  …
Outside of the Indiana governor’s residence, a man hoists a sign that says “Fauci was wrong.” 
I love the ones standing away from the crowds with their faces covered, calling for Fauci's removal. If you believe in the virus then why are your faces covered? Why are you social distancing? So stupid.
#Vaccine inventors are saying NO! to #Billgates' & #Fauci & #Birx board members' absolute SERIAL KILLER #Hitler style world Dictatorship Depopulation program as he has bought & paid for entire #Vaccines Establishment also #WHO #CDC #NIH #JohnHopkinsHospital Universities in 
This sounds morbid as hell but these idiots chanting "Fire Fauci" and blathering about infringement of civil liberties need to see the effects of this virus. They need to see the front lines, the dying, the age ranges, the overflow of bodies, the aftermath for people who survive.
Dr Anthony Fauci says scientific research has convinced him #covid19 originated in bats and jumped to  …
The are against Dr Fauci because he tells them the truth and they don’t like it. They are basically adolescents mentally so they are acting out to being put in time out.
Again, Trump folks - your “FIRE FAUCI!” chants would be so much more impactful if you weren’t wearing masks to protect against the thing you say doesn’t exist. It’s like saying there are no sharks then SCUBA diving in a shark cage. VIDEO:  
#WarRoomPandemic highlights the difficulty in counting #COVID19 illnesses shown in the influenza-like illness charts now being used by Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, MD discusses developments in the spread & clinical management of #coronavirus in this free @JAMA_current interview. 
This is a good point, and it reminds me that Fauci and Birx have backgrounds in tracking down HIV/AIDS, not respiratory viruses, which expose much larger, virtually untraceable pool of potential infectees.  …
@IngrahamAngle would you please ask Fauci or Birx or @CDCDirector this question?
This whole anti-Fauci narrative is possibly the REAL conspiracy to hurt Trump's re-election. Fauci and Birx are universally trusted. Asshats on Twitter pushing this are falling into the same echo chamber nonsense as the Far-Left.  …
Is Fauci doing “everything he possibly can to stop the worst from happening,” as he told the NewYorker? Is Fauci moving fast & forcefully enough? Why isn’t the “administration” moving faster? Can his experience, expertise, knowledge and passion for public health trump Trump?
Neither is Fauci and Birx.  …
Here's a quote with a name: Why did Trump wait 3 weeks after  by his top health experts to put out social distancing guidelines? "We make a  Often, the  is taken. Sometimes it's not. But it is what it is." -- Anthony Fauci, April 12  …
And by the way, when you belong to a cult, it can never be “dear leader’s” fault. “Dear Leader” can do no wrong. So there must always be someone else to blame. In this case, Fauci.  …
So FAUCI & BIRX say this "VIRUS" is highly contagious. NEITHER OF THEM are wearing GLOVES/MASKS/FACESHIELDS at ANY TIME. Think about that.
Most powerful president of the world is standing behind a doctor (Fauci) whereas in India’ bureaucrats with zero knowledge of medicine are fooling the nation & oppressing doctors for raising voice. Let the doctors lead #COVID19Crisis & also make cadre of Indian Medical 
Meanwhile, here in Austin they are chanting “Fire Fauci” 
Updated: Trump-backed protests spread to Texas on Saturday, where his supporters chanted "Fire Fauci!" on the steps of the state Capitol and anti-vaxxers brought their kids 
Media to Trump: “You must listen to Dr Birx and Dr Fauci at all costs.” Dr Birx and Dr Fauci: “We support reopening the Country.” Media: “What do they know about reopening the Country, they are just doctors.”
“Fire Fauci” chant Scary times 
I haven't said much about Anthony Fauci....but headlines today are saying he doesn't 'feel confident at all' about China's coronavirus data. Really? Has he been watching sports all this time? Oh wait....we don't have any.
The boom starts at 3:48 Link should take you there. This connects all the dots. Started at a US university Fauci  Ended up in Wuhan...
Dr. Fauci isn't responsible for enforcing social distancing at burials in the US. Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu occupies a similar role; you can't expect him to take over the functions of every single government branch, simply because we are fighting an epidemic.
The "fire Fauci" chant from folks holding Trump banners is an implicit argument that their president wrongly plunged the U.S. into a major recession on the advice of the very swamp he promised to drain. Every time they say "fire Fauci" they're arguing "Trump failed."  …
Bill Gates, Anthony Fauci: Unelected destroyers of freedom - Washington Times  …
“FIRE FAUCI!” ~Guy in facemask. 
Dr. Fauci: 'I Can't Guarantee' It Will be Safe to Vote at Polls in November  …
HAPPENING NOW: At the Austin Trump-supporter anti-science anti-health expert death cult rally: Chants of “FIRE FAUCI!” ring out. Trump bestie Alex Jones is in attendance. (h/t 
‘Liberating’ themselves to get infected with a deadly virus. Dr Fauci has more brain cells than this entire   …
"Fire Fauci" they yell through the protective masks Dr. Fauci told them to wear. American #COVIDIOT
MSM idiots say Trump wasted 70 days not preparing for CV19 How the F’k did  up with this? 1/14/20 WHO: No human to human transmission 2 wks later Trump bans China travel anyway 2/29/20 Fauci: Safe to go everywhere 2 wks later Trump bans Europe travel anyway WTF?? 
Firing Dr. Fauci won’t magically make #coronavirus go  …
BOOM Fauci Unmasked Why is Trump keeping Fauci in everybody's ? Bipartisan  US banned Chimeric research (mixing virus') Fauci approved 3.7M budget and moved illegal project from US to Wuhan Fauci helped create WuFlu  …
1/2 Dr Fauci ignored a moratorium on his research in NC. He was eventually forced to move his research to the Wuhan research center. The U.S. gave the center (Fauci) $3.7 million to help fund it. guess what he was researching??? yep, the coronavirus. the same one that decimated
Lots of protest speakers saying Trump should fire Fauci who they say “made up” the coronavirus. They call him Fascist Fauci 
After that Breakfast Club interview did with Dr Fauci, it’s safe to say that everyone on the platform are agents. Especially Charlmange. They was asking bullshit questions
Best news from #Plandemic lockdown is Fauci & Gates are household names outside of the #Vaccine  They are accurately labeled as "destroyers of freedom." This article would never have been posted in BC (Before COVID)  …
Meanwhile Director’s of Indian Institutes switched of the lights of their prestigious institutions on 5th April and was standing outside holding a diya. Dr Fauci have the guts to stand with his people against president. This is what institutions means.  …
FUNNY: The Wet Market in Wuhan, where the virus originated, has opened back up for business but the Bio Lab in Wuhan, where you're a conspiracy theorist if you accuse them of starting it bc Obama & Fauci gave $4M to them to research Coronavirus, is still under a total lock-down
We know Birx is a Gates’ puppet. Here, she admits it herself. What I don’t understand is why under @realDonaldTrump Fauci & Birx have been allowed to further Bill’s agenda.  …
Witnessing Fauci's alarmist hyperbole, you can't help but understand there are thousands of these political bureaucrats posing as doctors/scientists pitching personal agendas for personal gain/advancement/fame.
Random science fact: Dr. Fauci knows what he's talking about. Dr. Oz does not. Choose wisely!
Dr. Fauci corrects Fox News host on live TV  …
It's time for Fauci to step down. He has too many ties to  & money. He knows damn well that putting the majority of people on the HCQ during the infestation period will prevent people from getting the Cooties & spreading it. Most of us could be back at work.
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube
Not gonna lie, pretty horned up for the Slutty Dr. Fauci  Halloween time.
DEMOCRATS WRONG: Fauci says coronavirus testing isn’t everything when  to reopening states  
With MO health policy being influenced by a Gov who kicked kids off Medicaid, a Health Dir who tracks menstrual periods of PP patients, & a guy who froze a brain, who needs epidemiologists or Dr. Fauci? Who needs science when you have avatars of extremist ideology in control? 11/
There are two videos that you absolutely MUST watch! If you want to know the TRUTH about what's happening, watch and share with your family and friends. 1) Dr. Rashid Buttar on the Next News Network. He discusses vaccines, Gates, Fauci, and so much more! 
Photos: Image Surfaces Of Dr. Fauci With George Soros, Bill Gates Sr., David Rockefeller & More – Right Journalism.  …
Anthony Fauci is extremely important in the history of HIV-AIDS. He's worth reading about. When he's not working on #Covid_19, he's normally working on a cure for HIV. Apparently this morning on CNN, he said he is confident a cure for HIV will be here in 1-2 
Folks question why Fauci cheered using drug for MERS coronavirus in 2013... but now he's skeptical  …
#GiveAHighFiveTo Dr Fauci, for saying what we're all thinking 
The WHO Lied, IHME Lied, Fauci Bought the Lies: Latest International Study Shows COVID-19 Mortality Rate at 0.2% Not 3.4%  …
Surveillance-Statistics- Models-Charts-ENOUGH! Coronavirus Fatigue: Five weeks quarantined. Grocery shelves bare. Masked & gloved to go out. 6 feet apart. No gathering-no touching. NO MORE doom & gloom ...NO MORE Fauci & NO MORE scarves!! Time to Liberate America!  …
Dr. Fauci on the fallacy of the push for more testing to be the litmus for reopening the country. Watching User Clip: Dr. Fauci on Testing @CSPAN  …
Dr. Fauci: “Unless it’s absolutely essential, do not travel by airplane.” Because in a closed space within an airplane, particularly if you’re on a long flight (5 hours). That’s not good. So if you have an absolute essential reason to do that, fine. 
Emerald Robinson Italy: hydroxychloroquine works! France: hydroxychloroquine works! Spain: hydroxychloroquine works! Brazil: hydroxychloroquine works! Dr. Fauci: there's no strong evidence it works. No strong evidence? There's the evidence of the entire world's 
Column: Is Anthony Fauci the Sexiest Man Alive? Who the hell cares?  …
Did Fauci pay for the virus that created the pandemic?  …
#Retweet to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @seanhannity #FireFauci #Berx daughter Laura, is Deputy Director of Strategy Plng & Mgmt at Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation! #Plandemic THIS IS WHY Berx & Fauci didn’t want President Trump pushing #HCQ #VoteRed #KAG 
The WHO Lied, IHME Lied, Fauci Bought the Lies: Latest International Study Shows COVID-19 Mortality Rate at 0.2% Not 3.4% - Why Was The Gateway Pundit the Only One to Catch This?  … via @gatewaypundit
YOUNG PHARAOH DESTROYS THE @breakfastclubam INTERVIEW WITH ANTHONY FAUCI #THATSFACTS #YOUNGPHARAOH 
#GiveAHighFiveTo Dr Fauci... it can’t be easy putting up with this idiot 
Especially since he has been guided by the experts. Dr. Fauci: President Trump followed the  of public health experts without delay. 
China now admit the coronavirus Covid19 sars2 was manufactured in a Wuhan lab funded by American Anthony Fauci under the Obama administration. 
Good to see Americans quickly waking up from the #Fauci-induced trance... #CoronavirusUSA #Trump #Minnesota #COVID19  …
Me-Trump is never held accountable for his inaccurate claims. Take hydroxychloroquine. When they find it does nothing it will just melt away, never to be mentioned again. GOP Hubby-It does work. Me-Show me the study. Hubby-OK Dr. Fauci.
Dr. Fauci throws cold water on conspiracy theory that coronavirus was created in a Chinese lab  …
Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates and Fauci and Exposes Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses. 
Same people that were scared that Fauci was going to be fired by Trump last week...now say Fauci is  and shouldn't be listened to this week.
This is essentially The NY Times today. FAUCI - we have enough testing in place now to begin a phase 1 reopening NY Times - here are some new experts you haven’t heard from yet once this entire ordeal who say otherwise.  …
The CV-19 IHME model Fauci/Birx & experts used to shutdown America lowered the death numbers AGAIN Friday. From a high of 250,000+ deaths to the new model showing as few as 34,000+ deaths. OOPS! WE NEED ANSWERS! I guarantee 10 times more deaths caused by the shutdown.
More  out about Wuhan Virology Lab- more that points to Dimms & Dr Fauci. In 2015, Obamas NIH gave $3.7M to Wuhan V Lab. Who’s responsible for that lab relationship at NIH? Nat’l Inst Allergy & Infectious Diseases(NIAID) Who heads NIAID? Dr Fauci! Investigate!
Fauci rejects theory Covid-19 escaped Chinese lab "Virologists looked at the sequences in bats as they evolve. The mutations that it took to get to the point where it is now is totally consistent with a jump of a species from an animal to a human."  …
I'm beginning to confirm my suspicions that this COVID debacle is one big false flag and a last ditch effort to take control.Doesnt make sense that Fauci  ignoring Hydroxychloroquin  Seems Dr Rashid Buttar agree
Anthony Fauci guided Americans through the 1980s AIDs epidemic. Now survivors say those lessons offer a roadmap for the coronavirus.  …
Fauci is warning us that we need contact tracing and isolation, not just testing. Trump's plan wants to rely on surveillance at institutions that DOESN'T ALLOW FOR CONTACT TRACING.  …
Can I ask everyone a fair question? Did anyone vote for Fauci and Birx to set economic policy, where we can go, who we can see, or what we can do? I didn't think so, me either! #Frauds
Hmm...... What's the difference between Fauci and fraud? Depends.... The answer will be depend on whether you're a Patriot or a globalist.
“The thing that I aspirationally hope to be able to encounter is the ability to rapidly respond to something brand new - whether it’s a brand new pandemic or, as you mentioned, brand new attack upon us deliberately by bioterror." - Dr. Anthony Fauci, November 25, 2019
RIDERLESS TRAIN REPLY with your HANDLE ADD more HANDLES RETWEET FOLLOW all handles in replies Does anyone listen to Fauci? Has he been right about anything? Personally I can't remember one thing.  …
What in the SAM HELL? WHY did #Fauci wipe his nose and then touch @VP Pence's arm? And THIS is the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases on NATIONWIDE TV? @realDonaldTrump please watch him more closely! Don't 
When you piece together all the bits of evidence, Bill Gates role in all of this and his relationship with Fauci demand a thorough investigation that sadly will never happen.
The US military & #Fauci funded Harvard Professor Leiber 18 million dollars to set up a lab in Wuhan China people like omitting the truth! Go read it on the DOJ website for yourselves!  …
Please Dr Fauci...  
Fauci says coronavirus testing is not everything when  to reopening states  
The Great Awakening Is Upon Us Surprisingly, Anthony Fauci and Deborah Birx who’s professional and social network ties them both to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Bush, Clinton, Obama cabal and DoD deep state @SusanLPrice1  … via @MalcolmOutLoud
Here is another Video that proves Dr. Fauci should be Humanities Most Wanted Enemy!  …
Fauci and Birx destroyed these "testing" lies yesterday. They showed in hard numbers how the vast majority of states are now testing at per capita levels far above nearly all EU nations.
Dr. SHIVA Ayyadurai, MIT PhD Crushes Dr. Fauci Exposes Birx, Clintons, Bill Gates, And The W.H.O 
Fauci has been very active in the death and destruction game for 39 years. Good vs Evil. Social distancing is about targeting the individual once RFID Tracking Chip is administered by Vax. We Are At War with very evil people.
Watch What Happens When Laura Ingraham Tries to Get Dr. Fauci to Talk Smack About Joe Biden  …
No match for Dr Fauci – are TV Doctors like @DrPhil and @DrOz causing more harm than good? by @lukeoneil47  … via @guardian #COVID19 
at yesterday's press conf, a reporter brought up the $3.7M but no reference to Fauci, just the BHO admin? Is Fauci nervous?
Also, I've discovered something about Dr. Fauci that will be revealed on today's show.
Agreed. DJT  Harvard scientists' "dimm-the-sun w/ 50 million tons of sulfuric acid" funded by Gate! Why did DJT say that "Fauci is absolutely brilliant", after millions of ppl asked to fire Fauci, like DJT praises Giuliani. DJT, Pence, Fauci=Jesuits 
Can anyone explain this man to me? How did this even happen to the #USA? Is money really worth more than life ? The science is not lying & Dr Anthony #Fauci knows it! Stick to the facts please #TrumpLiesAmericansDie #Trump #Coronavirus #Covid19 @WHO 
ah yes- the new #Dem talking point- testing, testing, testing- when even #Fauci minimizes it role  …
My kid has been singing baby shark set to "Doctor Fauci" and suddenly its not as annoying as it usually is. Sing it to yourself: "Dr Fauci do do do do do do...Dr Fauci do do do do do do" 
Mandatory Vaccines for EVERYBODY ... Starting with Children BEFORE we can get out of Lockdown ..Bill Gates and Dr Fauci AGAIN .. ( beware the vaccines )  …
When we get through this, I certainly hope both Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Deborah Birx are presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom. What tremendous service they have rendered to our country. #coronavirus
When this is over, we must learn why Steve Deace ignored experts like Fauci and Birx who knew much more than him and were personally responsible for millions of lives. And instead took whole cloth only the one side of experts who forecasted nothing burgers.
When this is over, and it will be sooner rather than later, we must learn why Fauci-Birx ignored experts from Stanford, Oxford, Yale, Carnegie Mellon, Rockefeller, and MIT just to name a few. And instead took whole cloth only the one side of experts who forecasted apocalypse.
If Fauci gets axed, it will be for not falling in line with "blame China" saber-rattlers on both sides of the aisle.  …
This gets you close to herd immunity. This sort of testing should be the top priority of your coronavirus task force, @realDonaldTrump, now that we’ve shown the apocalyptic models Fauci-Birx originally went by were wrong.  …
Just some omitted info: 1) Spain had not reported a single death when he went 2) de blasio told folks to go have nights on the town 3) fauci said “no need to change behavior” 2/29 4) and in feb, NYT itself said headline “Racism at heart” of travel bans.
Fauci says critics wrong that 'testing is everything' to reopen. ⁦ @AdamSchiff⁩ Stop blaming POTUS, get your corrupt a** back to  …
The Corona Simulation Machine: Why the Inventor of The “Corona Test” Would Have Warned Us Not To Use It To Detect A Virus! #COVID19 #BillGates #Fauci #BillAndMelindaGatesFoundation #CoronaVirus  
This is a sad attempt to use a man’s obituary to smear @realDonaldTrump, Fox & the right. Low for NYT. He left on cruise to Spain on 3/1, as Cuomo, BdB, CNN, Fauci, MSNBC spent a week downplaying threats as well.  … (Refresher here:  …)
I honestly watch cuomo for the truth. I like fauci but it seems he can’t speak freely.
Clicked for the hoops analogy, stayed for the Dr. Fauci story.  …
[Dr. Fauci] has said to me that  of the humanities & science seemed to push him towards being a certain type of physician. Because physicians are people who interpret science & deliver it to people — but they need to do it in a human way.  …
Fauci says critics wrong that 'testing is everything' to reopen  …
Fire Fauci and prosecute him for conspiracy  fraud, collusion with a foreign government and criminal intent!  …
Mr. President ( @realDonaldTrump), are you aware of the fraudulent reporting of #COVID19 deaths that has been pushed by the WHO and promoted by US officials such as Drs. Birx & Fauci, and also recently institutionalized by strange new CDC guidelines?  …
Video: The U.S. administration has been flirting with a theory that the novel #coronavirus was created in a #Chinese lab, but top White House health adviser Dr. Fauci has rejected that 
Fauci has been promising that a "cure" and vaccine for AIDS is "just around the corner" - since 1984. Meanwhile his personal power and control over billions in research dollars rolls on decade after decade. @hedgeyedj @HedgeyeDDale @jim_rutt 
"If I had been able to just make a  and then go to work, that would have really been much better." Dr. Anthony Fauci says the long White House coronavirus briefings can be 'really draining' 
Bill Gates and Anthony Fauci are behind it
Nobody is suggesting to fire Dr. Fauci as a researcher. The objections are from his role as spokesperson. His seemingly inconsistent and unrelentingly obstructionist opinions which seem to almost serve to unravel the goals and the focus of @realDonaldTrump are the problem.
Watch this segment of Corbett Report to understand the unbelievable statistical shenanigans surrounding the reporting of #COVID19 deaths. It's basically a FRAUD authorized by officials like Drs. Fauci & Birx and institutionalized by odd new CDC guidelines  …
The USA banned “GAIN OF FUNCTION” virus research because of the dangers of causing a pandemic. So in 2015, Dr Anthony Fauci's NIH, funded research into bat corona viruses in Wuhan China ($3.7m) using “gain of function" technology, which is effectively making bio-weapons! 
Fake Pandemic to roll out a tyrannical system to control us all?  … A heinous crime against humanity - designed and produced by Globalists? EXCLUSIVE Dr Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses
"Scare the people with a plannedemic, then poison them with vaccine. This is a goal of Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci to reduce the population by 50%." "This is feeling more like a test of obedience to authoritarianism than anything about a virus."  …
Fauci is on borrowed time. He’s making it clear that he’ll shout down racist right-wing conspiracy theories that allow Trump to have a scapegoat for his miserable failure on COVID. As of today, we’ve lost more Americans to COVID than we did in the Korean War.  …
So Dr. Fauci says that Americans may have to carry a #Covid_19 immunity card , but carrying a #VoterID card is an outrageous idea ? 
Fox News and Republican allies of Trump have been pushing the lab narrative hard in recent days, despite a lack of hard evidence to back it up. But Fauci knocked it down. Sorry  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses   …
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
Arrest Gates, Tedros, Birx, and Fauci. Prosecute them for fraud, terrorism, and crimes against humanity. Their little global hostage crisis will kill tens of millions by way of distress over the next decade. Gates has already sickened hundreds of thousands with his OPV.
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube
Fauci should be Investigated, Prosecuted & Executed for Crimes against Humanity! EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses  …
And here's Dr Fauci, Trump’s chief #COVID19 expert, trying to explain why it's not the same as HIV/Aids — again same argument — “We didn't shut the country down for 
“If we do it right they’ll say we were overreacting. We know that.” - Dr. Fauci  …
Dr Fauci is in a bit of trouble, a investigator has uncovered the insert of HIV PB 120 into this sars2corona strain is the exact one He patented in the 90S it's in the virus data base .
He's probably invested as heavily in Big Pharma as Fauci and most of the Left & RINOs!
And, repeat follow-up testing, as Fauci noted, negative on Wednesday doesn't mean negative on Friday.
The Dr Fauci is done with America. His face says it all  …
Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci Refute Trump Talking Points in Real Time 
If you’re saying #FireFauci Can you Sum up the top reasons you believe Dr Fauci should be fired?
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
Thread web As a not brain-dead humanist, a cardiologist and a scientist who did my thesis in immunology & virology in 1984 I can say that @realDonaldTrump is right and Gates, Fauci et al. are wrong. #WorldDiseaseOrganization #CenterForDiseaseCreation  
Guess who approved funding for the Wu Han Institute.... Dr Fauci!
BILL GATES WORLD DOMINATION PLAN (Featuring Dr Fauci) Bill Gates & his evil #NWO vaccine plan. It's a DEEP rabbit hole #NewWorldClowns  …
It wouldn’t surprise me if the “accidental” side effect of the #Fauci #Gates corona vaccine was human sterilization...
FAUCI already knew about Chloroquine many years ago 
This person MUST BE FIRED IMMEDIATELY! @KizzyPhD #KizzyCorbett is in charge of @NIH vaccine research under #Fauci She calls #CoronavirusUSA a black genocide perpetrated by the white society! This is not a scientist but a RACIST NAZI HACK! @dcbomed @DCHealthLink 
Dr. Anthony Fauci stressed the importance of COVID-19 testing but cautioned that this was just one part of ending the outbreak  
Did you know Dr Fauci’s wife at the National Institutes of Health - Department of Bioethics - approved the Coronavirus Bioweapon ‘gain of function’ research by her husband at The University of North Carolina All paid for by the Deep State CCP #QAnon #MAGA #WWG1WGA #POTUS
I can do it. 1. Trump congratulated himself, then left. 2. Fauci explained all the different types of tests we don’t have. 3. Birx explained tests aren’t necessary anyway because she has flu charts and a virus is a virus, right!? 4. Trump returned and evaded questions. 
Drs Fauci, Offit, Schleifer, and Hotez on the dangers of rushing vaccine development. 
Amen!!! fire Fauci! Bill Gates no friend of humanity!  …
“Please tell the Secretary that I love her more than ever.” #Fauci to #CrookedH June 2, 2012. Now imagine if the Crooked was @POTUS — Gates & Fauci would have COMPLETE control over US!  …
Now let's all drop Bill Gates and Fauci
2 @TuckerCarlson A reporter asked about a report that the virus emerged from a lab in Wuhan? Dr Fauci pointed to a study that the virus was not genetically engineered. This didn’t answer the question that was asked. The was did  from the lab & Fauci did not answer that! 
Get well soon. I listen to Sanjay Gupta and Tony Fauci and have fallen in love with Andrew Cuomo. I agree all the rest just spin, spin, spin.
Should Anthony Fauci openly DISCLOSE all personal Pharmaceutical/Vaccine Company financial/board associations publicly (including $) - at the daily COVID-19 White House Task Force Press Conferences (eg:  Trust etc etc) Please  #QAnon #MAGA #POTUS #WWG1WGA
Dr Fauci will turn 80 this year!!! Man, he's in great shape!!!
You can’t make this stuff up Anthony Fauci’s wife is Chief of the Department of Bioethics at the National Institutes of Health Clinical Center in Maryland #QAnon - “Follow the wives”. #MAGA #POTUS #WWG1WGA
The LEFTIST FALLACY ABOUT TESTING. A NEGATIVE TEST for COVID simply means YOU HAVE NO SIGNS and you ARE UNLIKELY SHEDDING VIRUS, or YOU HAVE SYMPTOMS that are NOT CAUSED by COVID. The test is good for 24 hours. The testing will help but is not the answer. FAUCI! #94 
Dr. Shiva has 4 degrees Massachusetts Institute of Technology In Cambridge, Massachusetts (Jesuitism) (science, arts, math etc) The Cambridge Companion to the Society of Jesus Fauci is a Jesuit Holy Cross Alum private Jesuit liberal arts college in Worcester, Massachusetts  
I'm always angry with the reporters that never ask him the question about the confirmed illnesses or deaths from this virus. They all seem to take a pass. I hear Gov. Cuomo acknowledge them each time but never anyone in the briefing....take that back - maybe Fauci
So who are we going to take medical and Coronavirus Pandemic lockdown advice from... Dr. Fauci of the National Institutes of Health... Or these protestors in Michigan demanding the end to the lockdown???? 
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
. @POTUS @RealDonaldTrump remaining in the @WhiteHouse insures we will continue to have successive waves of #Covid19 outbreaks until about six months after he’s out of office. Ask #Fauci. He knows. And many @SenateGOP @SenateDems will contract it. @CDCgov @WHO  …
There are exactly 4 people my mother will rush to the TV to watch during our #COVID19 #pandemic: 1. Dr. #Fauci 2. @JoeBiden 3. @DrBiden 4. @ChrisCuomo Her viewing habits are impeccable. #TeamJoe
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci "Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans" – True Pundit  …
Dr Burke is a lost cause she’s a Trump puppet, we rely solely on Dr Fauci.  …
We keep looking to some sort of magical man to save us. Mattis Mueller Fauci or [Name your billionaire] There isn't one. We have to do this ourselves.  …
Laura tries to get Dr. Fauci to go along with her  of COVID-19 to HIV and SARS. Spoiler alert: he’s too smart for that. 
What about FY2014, FY2015, FY2016, FY2017, & FY2018? It's way more than $76,000. Under the direction of Anthony Fauci, U.S. taxpayer $$$was funding researchers in China to go into caves, collect bat viruses, & genetically manipulate them to make them more lethal in a Wuhan lab.  …
Dr. Fauci, We can ALL see you, biting your tongue, trying to prevent the “ eye roll,” or yet another palm plant to the face. AMERICA believes YOU, so JUST SAY IT. The President is lying to us!  …
Dr. Fauci is a prodigy of medicine. Top ID doc is just the start. Served under multiple presidents. Medal of Freedom. Have you looked at cover of Harrison’s? Absolute BEAST. It’s like LeBron James is the Dr. Fauci of basketball. 
Dr. Fauci says despite the recent emphasis on the need for more coronavirus testing, it is important to recognize that more testing would not be "everything." 
Russia also cancelled its Victory Day parade, because Vladimir Putin is clearly a cuck who does whatever Tony Fauci and the Deep State tell him to do  …
Don’t be grouchy, listen to Fauci
It's PAST time. I want to see Dr. Fauci turn to Trump at his daily press conference and say, "Shut it, Trump, you're wrong, stop lying to Americans, we need extensive testing before we reopen the economy from  …
Fauci once dismissed concerns about silent carriers. Not anymore. Now he needs to stand up to Trump and say so.  …
Wuhan lab origin of Covid-19 ‘seems to make sense’, says Trump as Fauci douses cold water on ‘man-made virus’ conspiracy 
Hey #Fauci why are HIV like viruses in childhood vaccines?
At the next Trump rally briefing some enterprising reporter should ask Dr. Fauci: "Sir, can you tell us who specifically on the WH pandemic team knows when the 5 million long-ago promised #COVID19 test will be made available, people are dying every hour."
Anthony Fauci has developed a method for dealing  political leaders in times of crisis: “I go to my favorite book of philosophy, ‘The Godfather,’ and say, ‘It’s nothing personal, it’s strictly business.’ ” 
It’s time for Dr. Fauci to speak out, expose the Trump Administration’s efforts for the sham they are, and lend his moral authority to calls for far more extensive testing, treatment and strong support for patients & health care workers across the country.  …
Anthony Fauci, this is priceless!  …
Why hear from world renowned medical experts Dr Birx & Dr Fauci when this arseclown is available?  …
This is a lie The CDC, Drs Fauci and Birx have all said that NOT ONE American who needed a ventilator was denied a ventilator.
Tucker is a moron. See, Tucker...scientists need EVIDENCE. And Fauci, as a scientist, doesn't have enough evidence to say anything. I know, this may be beyond you, but still.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell -- Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency 
. @TuckerCarlson says Dr. Fauci "effectively misled" on a question about whether or not the coronavirus could  from a Chinese lab. Dr. Fauci said there was a study that would show the virus was not "genetically engineered." Carlson argues that wasn't the question. 
Dr Fauci, Dr Redfield and Dr Birx literally lied in our faces about how we don’t really need tests cause we don’t fucking have any cause trump is  and they are all more scared of trump than 100,000’s Americans dying Super Fucked Up! #WhiteHousePressBriefing
Dr. Buttar talks about our rights being violated, debunking social distancing and Dr. Fauci lies. Part 1 of 2. *part 2  
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  #SayNoToGatesVaccine #SayNoToBillGates #NoNewNormal
I would not like it here or there I would not like it anywhere Could you would you drink a bat? I thought green eggs were bad; fuck that You don’t like ham in quarantine? At least you’re not on a breathing machine Dr Fauci..no sorry Dr Seuss...
They all fucking lied in our face including Dr Fauci playing down that we need millions of tests to even be alittle secure to go back to any kind of normal They are all going to kill us and they don’t fucking care cause they are scared of trump #WhiteHousePressBriefing
Dr. Anthony Fauci stressed that testing alone will not be effective in stopping the spread of the coronavirus and that mitigation strategies are needed as well  
Two doctors on tv we can believe in, @drsanjaygupta and Dr Anthony Fauci!
I would bet Dr. Fauci has a delightful patient portal.
Tucker exposed this woman Corbett' whi is a vaccine researcher for corona virus working for Dr. Fauci's NIH.Her tweets are racist and bizarre not worthy of a rational scientist. Look who is thanking her  …
Anthony Fauci as a high schooler "rendered the Iliad in Italo-Brooklynese"!! 
. @realDonaldTrump #FireFauci predicted #coronavirus in 2017. How??? With @garyfranchi on @NextNewsNetwork I showed how #Covid_19 was funded via #China via criminal act by #Fauci despite US Govt moratorium on chimeric research. Fear now used to halt economy and justify new vaccine  …
Fauci was the absolute best when he was handling HIV 35 years ago, and he is still the best  …
Fauci calls out Ingraham live on Fox 
Fox News host Laura Ingraham’s interview with Anthony Fauci goes sideways. Ingraham might be delusional if she really thought she could match wits with Dr. Fauci. She brought a knife to a gun fight.  …
Dr. Fauci acknowledged existing issues with the testing supply chain: “I know what it means when someone tells you 'Hey, you have what you need,' and you look around and you say 'Well, maybe you think I have what I need but I don't really have what I need  
Fauci  right, and many in the media (including Carlson) seem to be confusing two different things: 1) Whether the virus was created by people (unlikely) & 2) Whether the outbreak originated at one of Wuhan labs studying coronaviruses (very possible).  …
On social media, Fauci is being celebrated with admiring portraits, from cartoons to sock puppets bearing his image. 
EXCLUSIVE: Trump has one of the greatest doctors on his team… it’s not Fauci [VIDEO]  …
So many shocks to me today. I am not a naive person (usually). I didn’t know Huntington Beach was a MAGAt hotbed. I didn’t think physicians like Birx and Fauci could be bought. Didn’t expect Trump to bring up  Not a  for him at all!
But Bill Gates? Wtaf? We want answers to this. He, Birx and Fauci are in on the same agenda. I want answers!!!!!  …
”Surprise, Surprise” ...Not EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Dr. Fauci and the team had a long conversation with your caucus, were you not there?
Pence’s reaction when he realizes Fauci isn’t going to speak out against the protesters 
And right after Trump told the reporters the Bats they are saying it came from is not even sold in that wet market it’s over 40 miles away Fauci gets up on the podium and says the virus came from Bats. Looking forward to when Fauci is Exposed.
Tucker said in China they call the virus the Wuhan virus but we are PC here and call it Covid. He also said Fauci is protecting China by not admitting it came from a lab in China. This is all incredibly disturbing!
Did anyone ask Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx about the Stanford Study referenced here? I couldn’t watch the entire conference.  …
Dr. Birx, Dr. Fauci, CDC, & many more world renown experts gave Potus the green light...who is he ignoring? I’m sorry if he’s not listening to Dr. Nancy Smirnoff & Dr. Schitt, but he & the world know what your ulterior motives are. You are nonessential. STFU for once.  …
Cuomo said he needed 30,000 ventilators. Dr. Fauci agreed on 3/29. Trump thought that was too many, but he sent them, and do you know how many vents Cuomo ultimately needed? Just 5,000! Did you see any news stories "Trump was right, Fauci and Cuomo wrong"?  …
What does Dr. Fauci really think of Trump?
Tucker is calling out Fauci for his evasive, non answer to the question asking if the virus came from the Wuhan lab. Fauci's answer: it wasn't genetically engineered. Strange.
1/2 Dr. Fauci did not really answer an important and very direct ? about whether he believes the virus was leaked from a Wuhan lab. Instead, he curiously pointed to a  study that he said will prove that it is not genetically engineered.
Thank Goodness Dr Anthony Fauci FINALLY debunked the myth of the Wuhan, China lab-grown #Coronavirus today at #WhiteHousePressBriefing. Now will y'all damn conspiracy theorists STFU and get on with helping #flattenthecurve? Thank you. #StayHomeSaveLives #COVID_19 #CoronavirusUSA
Poor Dr. Fauci just looks so defeated.
Fauci on lab vs. bat coronavirus origin: "A group of highly-qualified evolutionary virologists looked at the sequences in bats as they evolve. The mutations that it took to get to the point where it is now is totally consistent with a jump of a species from an animal to a human."
Fauci when asked if #coronavirus is man made: Genetic analysis suggests this is totally consistent with the jump from a bat to a human. (So  from nature not from man in his opinion)
This seems like news: Fauci says the evolutionary virology of the current coronavirus is "totally consistent" with a jump from animal to human
Fauci very carefully tried not to contradict Trump too obviously there
Highly-qualified evolutionary virologists looked at #COVID19 determined it was "totally consistent" with a jump from an animal to humans (not engineered in a lab), says Dr. Fauci.
So much respect for Dr.Fauci. Being cutoff by an anchor who doesn’t like the scientific answers that counter their speculation; but staying cool and on point.  …
WHEN is @POTUS going to fire globalists Birx and Fauci. It’s so frustrating. 
At #COVID19 #WhiteHouseBriefing Fauci admits ongoing problems w/testing despite the #of tests available. "If you have a supply that can meet the demand but supply isn't connected to demand, supply falls apart." That's what is happening at academic labs w tests from #Abbott  …
Dr. Judy Mikovits goes off on Antony Fauci & how he sabotaged her research confirming zoonotic virus contaminating the vaccine supply & causing mouse-related cancers in the human population. Watch, time is set to 36 min  
Fauci gets as much TV air time as a Bloomberg political ad. They are equally annoying as well.
Do you know what Fauci, Birx and the CDC are not saying? They are not talking about cures using Hydroxychloroquine & Azithromycin, which have been proven to be safe.The CDC is funded by Gates. Do you really trust the CDC? Withholding cures/treatments are crimes against humanity.
Dr. Fauci should change his specialty to proctology considering how far his finger is up Bill Gates ass.
I'll start wearing a mask as soon as Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx start wearing masks during their daily press conferences.
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Dr. Fauci wasn’t always updating Americans on COVID-19 — here’s a look back at the doctor’s life and career 
Dr. Fauci said if you’re not getting tested every day, it’s not really accurate. Dr. Birx used her TV time to say we should learn about tests for other diseases too. Amazing how neither of them mentioned the “new” study how sunlight destroys the virus quickly.
Drs Fauci, Birx, Redfield and Adm Giroir giving highly technical medical school level presentation about the different types of Coronavirus tests that are available and what they do best. 
I've had covid-19 since the beginning of March. It sucks, big time. Now I'm on home oxygen. I'm also a nurse. Trump, pence and birx are IDIOTS. This should Never have been this bad. Never. Tony Fauci and Sanjay Gupta are the only ones I listen to. And the amazing @andrewcuomo
POLL: A. Trump is the smart guy I elected & doing what he believes is best to balance opening economy and safety of citizens. B. Trump is too stupid to realize Fauci/Birx have fooled him on virus severity C. Virus is a hoax and Trump is in on it D. I have no idea wut’s up
Trump admin trying  nucleic acid tests + antigen tests and say we have enough tests for states to order phase 1 of #ReopenAmerica. BUT Dr Fauci said even if you have antigen testing you don’t know how long you are immune if you had #coronavirus!! We need testing for ALL
Laura Ingraham: SARS did disappear. #COVID19 could as well, correct? Dr Fauci: It’s an extraordinarily efficient virus in transmitting from one person to another. Those kind of viruses don’t just disappear.  …  
All of the bullshit that Pence, Fauci, and Birx are on there spewing. The facts are as of today there have been 3.5 million tests done. There are 320 million people in the US. So just a little over 1% have been tested. That's right 1%. Say it again 1%. The rest is bullshit.
Let me interpret Fauci's nonsensical words. Everyone needs a #Vaccine. The CDC is implementing National Sentinel Surveillance plan. Targeting Native Americans and racial minorities! Baby taking Birx and Fauci are involved with the HIV cover-up #WakeUp #COVID19 #CoronaVirusUpdate
Fauci acknowledges how flawed initial testing was & how long it took to embrace the private sector. A list circulated by WH this week highlighting steps Trump took in Feb. included FDA allowing private labs to develop test kits, which experts say should have happened much sooner.
There, I said it. Drop your Fauci gif and say it. #COVID19 #DrFauci @usnehal @yukonmike80 
At least Dr. Fauci was honest about all the testing shortages and mistakes that have been made.
"Don't underestimate the importance of testing."--Fauci So 3 months into the #CornavirusOutbreak there have been 3.78M  That's just over 1% of the US population. There are 3.9M people living in the state of #Oklahoma Yeah, we're ready to "reopen America"
I love Fauci — a brave even heroic figure. But I didn’t just ride in on a bale of hay yesterday. Why can’t inestimable Tony Fauci simply say we don’t have enough tests. He’s being trumped — phenomenon of dancing around the truth instead of articulating it out of fear of Trump.
Dr. Fauci today points out that testing everyone for coronavirus is only as useful as a person's next possible exposure to the virus. You get a negative result, then go to work the grocery store. He pointed out even the antibody tests can't determine full immunity status.
Fauci is two years older than Rapey Joe Biden. The difference in mental acuity is breathtaking.
Can we get a jumping contest with Fauci and Bloomberg ?
"There will be enough tests to take our country safely through phase one," Dr. Fauci says. The administration's plan has three phases, so apparently there's still a ways to go.
Fauci just gave one of the most important presentations yet on #COVID19... He seems to believe we have enough testing to move to phase 1. I've been skeptical... But I also don't doubt Fauci.
So Fauci saying testing doesn't matter and opening the country now is a great idea!!! OMFG.
I love that Dr. Fauci just gave a full endorsement of the capacity of the private sector — excellent.
Fauci: “The emphasis we’ve been hearing is that testing is everything and it isn’t.”
Dr. Fauci explains the two different types of coronavirus tests: One that tests whether a person is infected, and another that tests if someone was previously infected  
Fauci says the administration’s struggle to get up to speed on testing was "an issue of embracing as we have now, and should have, the private sector, who clearly has the capability of making and providing tests at the level that we will need them."
It’s really good to hear Dr. Fauci’s update.
Listening to Dr Fauci at these news conferences is so educational. It’s like listening to your favorite teacher,  concepts in the most lucid and easy to understand and indeed, easy to remember manner. What a legend!
HEY FAUCI!! YOU AND GATES BOTH CAN TAKE YOUR CONTACT TRACING AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS!!!! YOU'RE NOT TAGGING ME! NO WAY, SHAPE OR FORM!!
Just have Fauci out here speaking about the nuances of increasing testing capacity at every briefing please. This is info people need to hear, not Trump’s ramblings.
Fauci just now knocking the ever-loving shiiite out of the MSM/Dems testing mantra. Points out that you'd have to be tested almost every day to be sure you're always negative. Impossible.
. @whca, Can someone please ask #DrFauci if he thinks we are doing enough tests to #OpenUpAmericaAgain now, and if not how many we need to be doing/day, and how and when he thinks we will get there. Ask Fauci only. Not @realDonaldTrump. Not @Mike_Pence. Thank you, @DrRobDavidson
Fauci: if you get tested today, that means you are negative today. You would need to get tested again and again.
Dr. Fauci: - Most misunderstood part of the test now: if you get a negative test today, does not mean you’re results remain negative for the preceding days. This poses a problem in trying to constantly monitor the population. Especially asymptomatic cases. 
Dr. Fauci says he was tested for coronavirus today and it was negative.
Fauci makes the point that we don’t actually know that people who have been infected can’t be infected again. Seems ... important.
Dr. Fauci slips into his presentation that he got a test today: "It was negative."
You're lying again. Dr. Fauci said President Trump has never ignored the experts and there was no delay. 
They already swallowed the Fauci lure. Fauci says we have enough tests. Now where does the media go? Listen to Fauci but not about this?!? 
Even Fauci's not doing social distancing. This is a really bad example to set. Six feet? There's barely six inches between some of them.  …
I am DESPERATE for a Birx/Fauci-only press conference. #coronavirus
That exasperated expression on Fauci's face when the jester insisted that COVID-19 could just go away like SARS...I know he's so over having to school these damn MAGAts. 
Dr Anthony Fauci hinted that China is lying about its true coronavirus infection rate 
Answered my question on whether anyone at WH has inquired about their data that’s counter to Fauci-Birx conventional wisdom, and they have spoken to several people on government about this study. And they hope it better informs their decisions.
Phenomenal video on the lack of safety of #coronavirus vaccines - every human being needs to watch this: especially those who love Paul Offit, Anthony Fauci and Peter Hotez - because the safety  from these very men: #COVID19  …
Anthony Fauci Says He Doesn’t ‘Feel Confident At All’ In China’s Coronavirus Numbers  …
I semi understand the cult followers. His tweets are funny to them. He is “ owning the libs”. He is just joking. He is an outsider. Like them. He tells it like it is. And on & on ad nauseam. The senators. His family. They know he is nuts. They know he is unfit. Fauci/Birx know
I’m a nurse. How about you volunteer your time in a Covid Unit before you start inciting division & violence. You are an awful human being. Did you not hear Dr. Fauci last night?
Republican led anti-Trump PAC sends misleading message about president's intention to fire Fauci  …
Dr Fauci shoots down Laura Ingraham's suggestion that coronavirus is like HIV  …
Trumpkin: We don’t have a vaccine for SARS or HIV. Life went on, right? Fauci: AIDS is very different. We have effective treatments. SARS disappeared T: But coronavirus could disappear F: These kind of viruses don’t just disappear 
The idiot-in-chief can order every state and business to reopen, but I'm not leaving my house until Dr Fauci gives the all-clear. The Trumpsters can mingle among themselves and let nature take its course.
Fauci and Birx estimated 2.2 million deaths in the US. NOW the estimate has been lowered to between 60-80k. The flu in the 2017-2018 season killed 80,000. So...we shut down our WHOLE Country...for the same number of deaths as the 2017-2018 flu season. WE DESERVE AN ANSWER!
“Mr. Trump has also said he values the counsel of Anthony Fauci, the administration’s top infectious disease expert—though he said Dr. Fauci doesn’t understand how to give interviews properly”  …
These people are defying the #Fauci #BillGates Big Pharma #lockdown agenda... #Coronavirus  …
. @POTUS EXCLUSIVE: @DrButtar explains to @GaryFranchi how COVID-19 was created and how #Fauci outsourced it to a CHINA lab against American moratorium BLASTS #GATES, EXPOSES Fake #coronavirus Pandemic as #FF to Collapses @realDonaldTrump Best Ever Economy  
He is best friends with Fauci. #SAYNOTOBILLGATES #NoNewNormal #DefundWHO #DefundUN #FireFauci
What in the world is going on? How in 2010 was it predicted that a pandemic would hit the world unlike we had never seen and have a deadly hit on our economy? UNLESS it was planned! #Covid_19 #Rockefellerfoundation #Fauci #DeepState 
Is it UNEXPECTED that majority of deaths attributed to #COVID are people who've EXCEEDED the age of LIFE EXPECTANCY? The arbitrary, estimated and malleable numbers being used to enslave you #Fauci & CDC are practicing  …
Get to know the real Tony Fauci. Partner to the Clintons/Bill Gates. Enemies to the World Population! The Real Tony Fauci  via @YouTube
Cruising T-shirt sales especially political I could not help but notice a similarity in the art between the 44 campaign & Fauci logo’s! WAKE UP people! #NotYourFriend 
Did you miss Dr. Anthony Fauci on @breakfastclubam this morning??? Well here you  …
From The Lancet 17 years ago: Effects of chloroquine on viral infections: an old drug against today's diseases  … Ignored by Fauci, Big Pharma and Dogmatic US Medicine  … 
LYING CNN FAKE NEWS ALERT @jaketapper literally just flat out lied. L. I. T. E. R. A. L. L. Y. He was interviewing TDS patient Robert DeNiro & said OUT LOUD in February Dr. Fauci was warning everyone to social distance & stay inside. Does *THIS* sound that way to YOU?!  …
Robert DeNiro talks about Dr Anthony Fauci (who has quoted some of his movies) I think he's great, he's a New Yorker, an Italian American" to @jaketapper on @TheLeadCNN says Fauci has had to "walk a fine line"
. @dennisdoddcbs on Dr. Fauci suggesting sports could return without fans: "I don’t think he’s thinking about the fact that there are tremendous liability issues with college players if even one of them tests positive, or God forbid dies from this virus”  
The Murray dossier was published three weeks ago. It was based on strict social distancing including stay at home orders. Without a second look, Birx and Fauci presented it to the president and urged him to extend “social distancing” decree until April 30. That move shutdown...  …
BREAKING: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Fauci’s studies alarmed scientists around the globe  according to a December 2017 NY Times article, that “these researchers risk creating a monster germ that could escape the lab and seed a pandemic.” #FauciFraud   …
Murray dossier back to 60k deaths by August 4. Fauci, Birx, and her friend Chris Murray have a lot of explaining to do.
Republican led anti-Trump PAC sends misleading message about president's intention to fire Fauci 
We were told the #WuhanVirus was NOT transmissible human-to-human We were told it originated in a wet market We were told if healthy, go on a cruise, Fauci We were told masks don’t protect us ... NOW we’re told it originated in a lab. When will we learn it’s a bioweapon
Listen to this analysis of what we heard yesterday from Dr. #Birx and Dr. #Fauci. These “ experts” along with the #CDC R setting up a massive plan of continued government control. The CDC’s slippery counting guidelines will encourage manipulation of 
Dr. Fauci shuts down Fox News' Laura Ingraham after  about lockdowns |   …
Wonder if anyone will ask Dr. Fauci, who was there, if he viewed the Obama Admin’s handling of the H1N1 pandemic a “disaster?” I also wonder whether @realDonaldTrump will let him answer? Finally, I wonder why Trump feels this foolishness is helpful to him or the  …
“Paula, I actually don’t know what’s happened to you, respectfully, I don’t know why you’ve changed... and you’re in the briefing room screaming at Anthony Fauci and the president of the United States." 
Dr Anthony Fauci hinted that China is lying about its true coronavirus infection rate 
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
Watch Dr. Anthony Fauci refute Trump talking points in real time  
Laura Ingraham Tries To Lie About Virus, Dr. Fauci Won't Let It Pass |  …
Trump thinks "Dr. Fauci doesn’t understand how to give interviews properly,"  … via @MichaelCBender @rebeccaballhaus
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Did Fauci (and Gates) lie to @POTUS about having a vaccine ready in 18 months, trying to distract him away from cheap available treatments? We did not elect Fauci. We certainly never elected Gates to vax and tag us.  …
Thread I wonder if anyone actually WATCHED @realDonaldTrump's press conference. The reopening is BASED ON GUIDANCE FROM FAUCI AND BIRX. They both spoke and showed us how it will be done.  …
Look, I don't trust Bill Gates or his b|tch Dr Fauci anymore than I do their lapdog Dr Birx. If you folks want to keep buying into their bs with the scare tactics and models knock yourselves out. I for one am NOT a sheep and life goes on. Wake up! You're being lied to again! 
No match for Dr Fauci – are TV Doctors like Dr Phil causing more harm than good?  …
I wish Trump would set up 2 simultaneous news conferences. In the first one, Dr Brix and Dr Fauci would run it, take questions, give guidance. In the room next door, Trump will take all questions. And then reporters have to decide which room they want to be in.
This week on #Sawbones, we dive into the backstory of Dr. Anthony Fauci, a beacon of hope and reason for so many in these troubling days. Later in the episode, we tackle some current coronavirus myths.  
Little Tony Fauci told @IngrahamAngle that it's OK to have sex with a stranger that you just met on a dating service. Isn't this the same diminutive creep that doesn't want your kid to play Little League this Spring?
Pre-sales of the Dr. Fauci bobblehead have already raised almost $150,000 for the American Hospital Association's Protect the Heroes Campaign to support the 100 Million Mask Challenge. ORDER YOURS:  
Drs Fauci & Birx: “With increased testing capabilities the infection rates will obviously go up” Democrats: “We cant reopen our states! Look at the rise in our infection rates!” No shit! This is expected! They are using this as an excuse to suppress our liberties!!
. @DrButtar BLASTS Gates, Fauci Fauci/NIH awarded $3.7M to the Wuhan lab to carry out research on bats 2015 #CoronavirusPandemic Wuhan BioW lab #coronavirus HIV/Sars=BioW #COVID19 WHO/Fauci/CDC/NIH/CCP= #CrimesAgainstHumanity  …  
Anthony Fauci shuts down Laura Ingraham when  we didn’t have lockdowns over AIDS  …
Still smarting from Dr. Fauci cutting you a new you-know-what last night?
Remember that Fauci & Birx pushed Trump to shut down the US economy. So, Fauci is an integral part of the overreaction. See this statement he made at a recent press conference:  … Why was he pressing Trump to lock down US by overstating the COVID19 risk?
Another dishonest leftists spreading misinformation. @POTUS had to fight an over regulated bureaucracy that would not allow outside labs to make #covid_19 tests for 5 weeks after engaging. That's the broken system he & Fauci talked about. #FDA regs = Law  
AMEN! Co-Signed, Dr. Pelosi *juris doctor who knows the Dr we need to hear speaking truth about coronavirus is Fauci. #TruthMatters
FILE UNDER: 'How Come The GOP Is So Intent On Killing People? Especially Their Base?' -- Laura: "But coronavirus could disappear too, (right?)" Dr. Fauci: "These kinds of viruses don't just disappear" Nothing like people who know NOTHING about a subject challenging an expert.  …
#Quarantine is when you lock sick people away. Tyranny is when you lock healthy people away. #CoronavirusUSA #COVID19 #Trump #Fauci #BillGates
Fauci ended up agreeing with Joe, Laura Ingraham tried to get Dr. Fauci to attack Joe Biden.....it didn't go as planned.  …
Fantastic look at Dr. Fauci's career from the folks at Now This Politics. ABSOLUTE LEGEND. 
Dr. Fauci may get a new bullet on his resume: People’s Sexiest Man Alive. 
Fauci’s Fatal Slip: The Evil Truth About the Wuhan Virus Lockdown - Fatima Center Chris Ferrara is a boss, once again.  …
The Dr. Fauci bobblehead is smarter than Dr. Phil.  
Counselor @KellyannePolls to @PaulaReidCBS: “Paula, I actually don’t know what’s happened to you, respectfully, I don’t know why you’ve changed... and you’re in the briefing room screaming at Anthony Fauci and the president of the United States." 
Fauci on Ingraham last night: 
Remember when these same folks said the 200k people would die in America was our "best case scenario?" Since that didn't happen they're now trying to move their fraud to Africa. Waiting on Bill Gates and Anthony Fauci to start saying we better test the vaccine in Africa FIRST.  …
Fauci has known for 15 years that HCQ works for SARS-CoV! Why does he Lies and call the evidence is "anecdotal"? 
Anyone who recognizes Fauci as a "grandstander" and a "showman" and also recognizes that "sweeping quarantine measures and lockdowns" are "a threat to individual liberty" gets a high mark in my book. Bonus that he's also an epidemiologist saying these things.  …
After Fauci urged caution in reopening the economy, Fox News turned to Dr. Phil for a second opinion and while we’re at it, let’s ask my cousin Terry who details luxury cars. He has other opinions too.
Famous #USA #Doctor #DrRashidButtar says #Fauci of #CDC #NIH should be Arrested he  CRIMES by PAYING 3.7 MILLION DOLLARS to #CCP #WUHAN #CHINA P4 Bioweapons lab "No Virus jumps 13 feet" "10's of Thousands of #Doctors know this is a FRAUD"  …
It is a typical hit job on Laura. These people will never stop trying to denigrate any conservative - simply because they hate us. Fauci needs to be asked some very TOUGH questions.  …
Robert F Kennedy JR, re new vaccine from #BillGates: "Tony Fauci, at Bill Gates direction, just said, 'Let's waive the animal study.' Which to me is just... murder! They're giving this directly to human beings in Seattle, Washington!"  … @Thomas1774Paine
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses Full Video:  
Dr. Judy Mikovits goes off on Antony Fauci & how he sabotaged her research confirming zoonotic virus contaminating the vaccine supply & causing mouse-related cancers in the human population. Watch, time is set to 36 min  
TRUMP YOU NEED TO FIRE #Fauci FAUCI RIGHT NOW!! EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
Did @NYGovCuomo ensure a proven treatment for coronavirus infection was STOPPED from being used and saving lives in New York? If so Governor Cuomo has blood on his hands, and so does Anthony Fauci. #FireFauci #FauiFraud #CorruptCuomo #COVID19  …
Except the experts this week, Fauci and Birx, said he listened to them explicitly throughout. Try again.
Dr. Anthony Fauci shut down Fox News' Laura Ingraham, saying  of COVID-19 to AIDS or SARS were a "little bit misleading"  … via @HuffPostPol
Blonde Nazi Laura Ingraham: Dr. Fauci, we don't have a vaccine for SARS. We don’t have a vaccine for HIV and life went on, right? Dr. Fauci: We have effective treatments for HIV/AIDS. SARS went away.  is misleading. Laura: But COVID could disappear. Fauci: No.
DESTROYING THE BREAKFEST CLUB INTERVIEW WITH DR.FAUCI  via @YouTube
Brix and Fauci say that the data is very important for us to be able to handle future hot spots, yet the data is corrupted by ASSUMING deaths are caused by Covid and no testing is required. This is dangerous and negligent behavior. @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC
Fauci Hid Chloroquine Study Showing it Works on Coronavirus #FireFauci #FauciFraud #CorrupCuomo #COVID19  …
Laura Ingraham too. She graduated from University of Virginia law school, did a judicial clerkship for Clarence Thomas, and still couldn’t understand Dr Fauci when he explained how COVID is different from HIV.
Over my dead body!!! This is CRIMINAL!!! #BillGatesBioTerrorist #BillGatesIsEvil #BillGatesPublicEnemy1 #FauciTheFraud #VaccineAgenda #GatesFoundation #GatesForPrison2020 #Fauci  …
This is exactly what we've been saying for the last month. What happened to the much vaunted 'precautionary principle'? #CoronavirusPandemic #COVID19 #CoronavirusUSA #Fauci  …
#IdiotTrump or #Fauci? Full Stop. 
Yes folks. I've said this from the beginning and now we have proof. Fauci scammed everyone.  …
By February 14, Dr Fauci was telling reporters that Covid-19 had "the makings of [a] global pandemic” and Trump did … nothing to prepare the country.  …
Celebrity doctors, like Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz, have gone on-air with major news networks, including Fox News, and endorsed plans for states to slowly reopen their economies — while Anthony Fauci, the country’s lead expert, has offered words of caution.  …
Fauci, Gates AND Obama predicted this outbreak years ago, yet no one in the Obama administration thought to make sure needed supplies were stocked.
Five day forecast: Friday - late April snow Saturday - Blood rain Sunday - locust swarms Monday - Fauci replaced by Dr. Oz. Engineered clouds begin pouring hydroxychloroquine from the f*cking sky Tuesday - cloudy and 35
Mom @KellyannePolls puts @PaulaReidCBS in her place “Paula, I actually don’t know what’s happened to you...I don’t know why you’ve changed...in the briefing room screaming at Dr. Fauci & the @POTUS...” Follow Paula’s, prbly DNC 
Is Dr. Fauci A Super-Spreader?  …
So dying of heart attacks because Cuomo and Fauci have them scared to go to the hospital. Horrific
Fauci already testing excuses. Well, the models mislead me? More 
If Dr.  out and sees his own shadow, that’s six more weeks of quarantine.
@Jordan_Sather_ You we’re right about Fauci, he works for pHARMa, not We, the People. 
This "pandemic" has been a roller coaster ride. One should really be questioning Fauci's "we're all gonna die" warning shots.
ok if Fauci is 79 I would like to know what moisturizer he uses
Trump is widely criticized on mishandling COVID19. But listen to clip. Here’s Dr Fauci on Feb 27th, saying “US shouldn’t worry”. Fauci. The preeminent infectious disease scientist, advisor to presidents for FOUR decades. Fauci is embedded in the swamp. 
I believe that @realDonaldTrump was misled and deceived by Fauci & Birx and maybe intimidated by the hysteric reaction from the media. He probably realized that he'll be facing another massive investigation/impeachment, if he were to downplay the COVID19 panic. So, he went along.
Gov't still insists its being "guided by the science," but which science? Justification for #Lockdown continues to fail basic logic. With each passing day, the real agenda is  more and more obvious... #coronavirus #COVID19 #Fauci #Covid_19  …
Dr. Fauci has his own beer thanks to this Georgia brewery  …
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
How can Fauci continue to associate himself with a president who is actively supporting ignoring science and putting people at risk? I seem to recall some language to the effect of "first do no harm."
Since we were at an academic conference, asked Murthy for his report card on the administration. (The Obama appointee gave out high marks for career officials like Fauci… Trump’s response, not so much.)  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
This is the Dem / MSM MO: - Goad Trump into asserting "total control": "AUTOCRAT!" - Trump cedes control to governors: "TRUMP WON'T LEAD!" - Trump defers to Fauci/Birx: "WHAT ABOUT ECONOMY?" - Trump opens economy: MSM starts post-open death count, "IS IT WORTH ALL THE DEATHS?"
He did. He. Really. Did. Somewhere in the US, Dr. Fauci is touching his face. 
DISASTER: 2.9 Million Americans Already Delinquent on Home Loans Thanks to Fauci Lockdown - Open The Economy!  … via @gatewaypundit
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic Numbers As Economy Collapses - YouTube @fionamflanagan1 interesting. @Jimcorrsays  …
This interview with Dr. Rashid Buttar, an osteopathic physician from NC, presents intriguing information, which needs verification indicating that the #COVID19 hysteria is based on a fraud involving Dr. Fauci:  … I'm only posting this as food for thought.
Dr Fauci shoots down Laura Ingraham's suggestion that coronavirus is like HIV  …
This is why Fox News is a mess. You have Dr. Fauci, arguably the nation's leading expert on infectious diseases, and negate his advice, Then in the same show you have Dr. Fucking Phil who is 1. NOT a medical doctor, AND 2. has a revoked license Give advice on the same show?  …
Coming up on #TDRlive: Watch Dr. Tony Fauci debunk Laura  of HIV treatment to treating coronavirus  …
This is EXACTLY what I predicted in my columns @UncoverDC & on my podcast: FaucI & co. would  shutdown, DJT would do it, results would be devastating, & they'd blame Trump. It was allthemore obvious when @SpeakerPelosi & @KamalaHarris were pushing Fauci to run briefings.  …
People oft don’t appreciate how one SMALL thing–– like a random shared interest can set you on a path to BIG things. My own science mentor + I bonded over stocks–– and me having a chip on my shoulder. Here Dr. Fauci bonded with his mentor over...CRABS cc @bgurley 
HOW FUCKEDUP FAUCI WILL MAKE BILLIONS FROM YOUR GENOCIDE! Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops new bombshell - Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine will pay out BILLIONS in profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency. 
Now that trump has expressed his disdain for Dr. Fauci, suddenly trump supporters got their PhD in epidemiology....one girl on fb said “staying home is bad for our immune system” as if she hasn’t been taking her kids tayleigh and kole slaw out to Walmart every other day.
Love this reflection of Dr. Anthony Fauci's Catholic roots and the pharmacy run by his father, Stephen Fauci.  …
 … Ron Paul Says Fauci Needs To Be Removed; 'If Not by Trump, Then by the American People'
Trump faces this Electoral College map as coronavirus jolts his reelection push Then there’s Florida. His poll numbers are plunging in his adopted home state. Fauci has said: “the virus makes the timeline.” Here's how that timeline looks for Trump.  …
Anthony Stephen, of the house Fauci, the top of His Class, King of Immunology, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the M.D., Protector of Social Distancing, and Bender of the Curve said PERIODT!  …
It’s not easy being green, Sesame Street’s Kermit taught us. It’s not easy being Dr. Fauci, either. ⁦ @ThePlumLineGS⁩ on the travails of a scientist in an administration that cares only about  …
You could Google the WHO, Dr. Fauci and others telling him not to worry.
Listen to Dr. Fauci. Not TV doctors, like Phil and Oz.
In English, I responded that anticipated personal profit from #COVID19 profits is the reason Fauci, BigPharma, and Medical Establishment are fighting to keep Hydroxychloroquine away from patients, MDs and Pharmacies #coronavirus  …
The nation’s leading infectious disease expert vs. a television psychologist. I think I’ll take the advice of Dr. Fauci.  …
To be a fly on the wall in Dr. Fauci's office when he sees Trump's tweets about liberating states...
Here's the part of what Joe Biden said that Laura Ingraham left out, and oddly didn't ask Dr. Fauci to respond to. It shows the true nature of the dispute between Biden (backed by experts and governors) and Trump (backed by Fox News personalities):  … 
Earlier efforts to stop the spread of the coronavirus in the United States obviously could have saved lives. But top health officials faced a lot of pushback about shutting things down. —Dr. Anthony Fauci
The place where I get my haircut just filed bankruptcy. I see FB posts where ppl are talking about 'just ending it' (suicide) ENOUGH ALREADY! DISASTER: 2.9 Million Americans Already Delinquent on Home Loans Thanks to Fauci Lockdown – Open The Economy!  …
Fox News host Laura Ingraham tried to get Anthony Fauci to trash Joe Biden’s response to Trump’s new rollout. It did not go as planned.  …
Someone made a good point: if 33K people died on the same highway in the past 6 weeks, would you really feel safe drivin down the mothafucka? Besides, why the fuck are we listenin to Dr. Phil when we got Dr. Fauci? Hold up lemme stop before Trump replaces him with a tv doctor
EXCLUSIVE: Dr. Rashid Buttar BLASTS Gates, Fauci, EXPOSES Fake Pandemic ...  via @YouTube
I wonder if Drs. Birx and Fauci approved this tweet as part of the President's "science-based" reopening plan to deal with this deadly pandemic...  …
Because Fauci knows what we all know: the COVID has all been a big industrial promo to get the sheeple ready for their shots  to a Walgreens or CVS near you  …
Analysis: Fox News host Laura Ingraham’s interview with Anthony Fauci goes sideways 
Dr.Fauci Dr.Greenthumb Dr.Strangelove We’re talking Favorite DOCTORS on the new @iamrapaport today. Who’s yours favorite Doctor????  
He can't even debate Fauci
Dr Fauci graduated first in his class from Cornell Medical School. He has been the nation's top expert in infectious disease for 40 years. "Dr" Phil is has a degree in psychology but is unlicensed. Gee, whose opinion to trust?  …
That’s odd... then please explain why GOP Senators Burr & Loeffler were selling off stocks after an Intel briefing they received about the #coronavirus from Dr. Fauci as early as January 24th?  …
Opinion: A Fox News host asked Dr. Fauci a question. She got the wrong answer. 
don’t listen to “Dr.” Phil, listen to Dr. Tony Fauci
TREATMENT COMPARISON INGRAHAM: We don't have a vaccine for SARS or HIV. Life went on, right? FAUCI: HIV/AIDS is very different. We have effective treatments. And SARS went away. I: But coronavirus could disappear too. F: These kind of viruses don't just disappear. 
Ingraham: "Why? Why do we need a vaccine for COVID-19? We didn't need them for: a broken nail; bad hair day; cooties; the Loch Ness monster; sleep in the eye; something I call morning moustache; etc." Fauci: "WTF? I mean, please just trust me; I'm a doctor." #coronavirus #Snark
A 2005 @NIH study reveals they knew about #chloroquine's effectiveness against SARS-Coronaviruses in cell cultures. It's been used for 70 years. This was an advanced primate study. Why did #Fauci and NIH avoid disclosing, and their feet on #HCQ?  …
There's been a lot of controversy over research into bat coronavirus at Wuhan Institute led by "Bat Woman" Shi Zhengli. A major funder was Fauci's NIAID award R01AI110964 "Understanding the risk of Bat Coronavirus Emergence". See award search  
The proof is right behind Dr.Fauci and as far as the guy left behind , even the coronavirus won’t bother a penny about pence 
. Pelosi and the corrupt lefty MSM will go on a 24/7 blame Trump for this and their clueless low IQ base will believe it . DISASTER: 2.9 Million Americans Already Delinquent on Home Loans Thanks to Fauci Lockdown – Open The Economy! .  …
Is Dr. Fauci the sexiest man alive? Is Pizza Groundhog the new Pizza Rat? 
I’m waiting for Dr. Fauci to be nominated for Best Actor in a Drama cause his ability to keep a straight face in the midst of foolishness is unparalleled. #COVID19
MY HEAD IS...EXPLODING! China’s Xi Writes Thank-You Letter to BILL GATES  … GATES Funds IHME Who Produced INFLATED COVID19 Projections,And NIAD Led by FAUCI, Who Used To Persuade Trump! GATES FOUNDATION SUPPORTS CHINA! CORRUPT! Agree? IFBP gaye_gallops
ECONOMIC DISASTER: 2.9 Million Americans Already Delinquent on Home Loans Thanks to Fauci Lockdown - Open The Economy! @StevenMnuchin1 @MarkMeadows  … via 
Why did Birx and Fauci makes misleading statements and devastate this country? I live around 200 high risk people and none of us are sick. Zero. Hospitals are pretty much empty. I checked. Elmhurst was never a war zone. It was a "simulation exercise." Open up the country!
Fox News host Laura Ingraham offered a series of premises about the coronavirus. Fauci repeatedly shut them down.  …
Dr. Fauci won't be forced to tell them what they want to hear. He is very tactful & precise with his explanations.
Fauci Says He Doubts Chinese Regime’s COVID-19 Numbers  … via @epochtimes
Because...Dr. Fauci isn't a moron.  …
Is Dr. Fauci A Super-Spreader?  …
Anthony Fauci doesn't 'feel confident at all' about China's coronavirus data  
It was China’s fault, I mean Obama, I mean Hillary, I mean Fake News, I mean the Deep State, I mean Impeachment, I mean Fauci, I mean the WHO, I mean Crazy Nancy & Cryin’ Chuck, I mean… Trump ignored Intel for months cuz he didn’t want to spook the stock market… end of story.  …
Is Mr. Phil actually a doctor,or does he just play one? Does an unlicensed psychologist who's actually a reality TV star knows more than immunologist like Dr. Fauci? I love how Phil picked non-contagious causes of death as his whataboutism #DrPhilIsADisgrace 
Dr. Fauci wasn’t always updating Americans on COVID-19 — here’s a look back at the doctor’s life and career 
Fox Host Laura Ingraham Seemingly Tries To Get Dr. Fauci To Attack Biden, But It Doesn’t Go How She Planned 
The blame here goes directly to China and the WHO. They deceived our own epidemiologists and health care officials to save face rather than lives. #Fauci #Reparations
Laura Ingraham tried to get Dr. Fauci to trash @JoeBiden's response to Trump's vague new plan. It didn't go well. That's funny. But I took a closer look. Biden also called on Trump to dramatically ramp up testing. Ingraham left that part out. New  …
Dr Anthony Fauci had to explain to Laura Ingraham why Coronavirus is not like HIV or SARS 
Fauci Gently Tells Trump Why He Can’t Hold Parade to Celebrate Great Job He Is Doing  … via @NewYorker
Also Bill Gates & George Soros & Dr. Fauci too...
If you live in a blue state where governors are intent on oppressing citizens under the guise of protecting your safety, sooner or later you will have to stand up for your rights. The final decision is not Dr. Fauci's or your governor's. It's your decision when to end this.
Dr. Fauci isn't the only medical expert being honored on sweet treats — behold the Dr. Michael Mendoza donut.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell -- Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency #COVID19  … FOLLOW THE MONEY; Bill Gates is Such a Humanitarian, Funds 
In a talk from Jan 2017 (just a few days before the beginning of Trump's Administration), Dr. Fauci made a statement that, without a doubt, Trump will face a "surprise outbreak" of an infectious disease:  … Is this a coincidence knowing his role in #COVID19?
WATCH as Kellyanne Conway RIPS this reporter: “Paula, I actually don’t know what’s happened to you, respectfully, I don’t know why you’ve changed... and you’re in the briefing room screaming at Anthony Fauci and the president of the United States." 
Dr. Fauci said he’s never seen anything like the transmissibility of Covid-19. I knew it was wildly contagious but I hadn’t heard anyone essentially say it was THE MOST contagious virus ever. Acknowledging I know nothing, doesn’t that make its origin more suspicious?
The Borowitz Report: Dr. Anthony Fauci said that, based on the photographic and video record of Donald Trump at his Mar-a-Lago resort, “He appears to be more active in the warmer weather.” 
Fox News’ Laura Ingraham Tries to Start Drama Between Joe Biden and Dr. Fauci, Fauci Ends Up Agreeing With Biden #IngrahamFail  … @JoeBiden
Dr. Fauci: "There may be some setbacks. I mean, let's face it. This is uncharted water. There may be some setbacks." 
Watch . @jorgeramosnews turn two out-of-context seconds of Dr. Fauci's interview with Jake Tapper into a scathing editorial to open Univision's coronavirus special newscast #FakeNews, and contrast with Fauci's own words. 
I always found him overbearing. He needs to stick with shrinking people and stay out of Dr Fauci's lane!
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
Dr. Fauci has the patience of Job, because he should have been like ...  
When people with reason to know better say ignorant things...you know there is an agenda. Fauci should not be put in this position by white house.  …
Plandemic? Fauci in 2017: 'There Will Be A Surprise Outbreak'  …
'Don't feel confident at all': Fauci doubts coronavirus data from China 
Dr. Anthony Fauci corrected Fox News’ Laura Ingraham after she tried  HIV to the coronavirus. 
Tying It All Together: China, Dr. Fauci, French Company Sanofi Pasteur, George Soros and the Gates Foundation  … via @gatewaypundit
Fox News’ Laura Ingraham Tries to Start Drama Between Joe Biden and Dr. Fauci, Fauci Ends Up Agreeing With Biden  …
In fairness, the reason why Laura Ingraham aired Dr. Phil after Dr. Fauci is that Dr. Nick remains fictional.  
Watch Dr. Tony Fauci debunk Laura  of HIV treatment to treating #coronavirus “So I think it's a little bit misleading maybe  what we are going through now with HIV or SARS. They're really different.” Dr. Fauci  
All evidence points toward  media hiding the lies of China purposely — working seamlessly with the WHO/Gates/Fauci agenda to engineer a crisis filled with fake data, models & speculation to achieve their end goal — a product (that won’t work) sold to every human.
And ten days before Trump's inaugural, Dr. Fauci himself promised a @Georgetown panel: "There is no question that there will be a challenge to  administration in the arena of infectious diseases," he said. "There will be a surprise  …
Dr. Shiva: "Fauci's Covid-19 Policies Will Destroy Public Health & Wreck The Economy!" Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai has multiple degrees & a PhD in biological engineering from M.I.T. He discusses the lockdown, & why he believes governments have gotten it wrong.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell -- Bill Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency – True Pundit  …
Is this terrorist serious? He's sending this message to his criminal friends like Birx, Fauci, and Gates. These people are really stupid.  …
 yourself to Tony," Dr. Fauci’s mentor said 50 years ago. "Or you’ll be depressed." He met the right person at exactly the right time in his career. And it changed Dr. Fauci's life. I loved writing this @WSJ  …
#DRFAUCI SHUTS DOWN #FOX CLAIM THAT #COVID19 IS LIKE HIV OR SARS #science VankaPro Dr. Anthony Fauci shut down Fox News' Ingraham, saying  of COVID-19 to AIDS were "little bit misleading"  … via @HuffPostPol
Would Biden fire Drs. Fauci & Birx in the unlikely event that he’s elected? He should be asked that question right after he’s asked about sexually assaulting Tara Reade.  …
Will the heat and humidity help kill #COVID19? We asked Dr. Fauci. 
Experts such as Anthony Fauci are experts only in the narrow field of their expertise. The have almost no knowledge or expertise in other fields, including—apparently—the basics of how human societies function. |  …
This is a very thorough profile of the doctor who may very well save our lives. How Anthony Fauci Became America’s Doctor  … via @NewYorker
Dr. Fauci is all of us  …
Dr. Fauci has declared the handshake dead. All that close physical contact is just not what you want when there's a respiratory-borne pandemic going around. But look around you. The world's got plenty of alternatives with zero touching & all of the warmth.  …
“A brewery in Georgia is offering a new beer named after infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci, called Fauci Spring. They were going to make one for President Trump, but turns out no one likes a bitter stout.” — @SethMeyers 
Anthony Fauci shuts down Laura Ingraham when  we didn’t have lockdowns over AIDS -  …
“It’s almost impossible to do anything meaningful without either leading a team or being part of a team. You want someone who’s looking to answer the question, as opposed to looking for self-aggrandizement.” How a great mentor prepared #fauci for a monumental task.  …
Journalists & public health experts need to dig into the data & reasoning of #Birx, #Fauci, and the #CDC I detected a bold blurring of the distinction between #COVID & influenza. This inflates the death count & supports the narrative.
Laura Ingraham interviewed Dr. Fauci. It was more like an all out attack. She threw out her bullshit and Fauci batted it down. I don’t know WTF is wrong with her but she’s batshit crazy. Fox News is a clear and present danger to this country.
In essence, Joe Biden is criticizing Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx, who also signed off on the reopening plan. He also is saying that the federal government should decide what individual states -- that have 50 different situations -- should do instead of the governors.  …
It’s all about the 2020 elections. I am terribly  with Dr. Birx and Fauci. President Trump needs advice from people who are not tied to Gates & other Democrats. He is stuck with them. #Fauci  …
Trump, Birx & Fauci designed a plan that allows them to blame states if things go wrong. That is the only motivation. Escape blame. Not saving lives.
My favourite phrase is now "But Doctor Fauci" - used repeatedly by #LauraIngraham on #FoxNews each time this man of science and integrity contradicted her ghoulish, ghastly attempts to downplay the horror of #coronavirus and defend the appalling #DonaldTrump
“Dr.” Phil, swimming pool accidents, car deaths, and smoking cigarettes are not contagious. My guess is Fox News can’t find any real or credible doctors to interview after Fauci shut Ingraham down the other day, so they have to resort to the likes of Oz and Phil  …
Of course it will. I don’t trust either of them as far as I can throw them, which given their diminutive stature, could be pretty far. That’s your trust level? Gates' Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency  …
Was there a subtle switch in yesterday’s briefing about #Covid_19? Dr. Birx kept saying influenza-like symptoms in her discussion of what would be monitored. There are far more flu cases & deaths than coronairus. Are they blurring distinctions? #Birx #Fauci #cdc @realDonaldTrump
Dr. Fauci destroyed Laura Ingraham in this interview and I am here for it.  …
Thank you for sharing, I was not aware of an H-Index. Dr Fauci immediately establishes credibility with his directness & clarity of response, ego under control & obvious  We need everyone to realize he is saving lives and we need him, let's depoliticize this.
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
Dr Oz...You're a moron Dr Phil...You're a moron Dr Drew...You're a moron Dr #Fauci...Thank you... #coronavirus #Covid19
The operative word is “reported.” CDC’s directive to count all deaths including inconclusive ones, make death counts meaningless. There are political & financial incentives to inflate numbers. #CDC #coronavirus #Covid_19 @realDonaldTrump⁩ #Fauci  …
Trump did listen to the experts and reopened with Fauci and Birx standing right there beside him. Foiled again, Adam.  …
Dr. Phil: We know Bigfoot shot JFK Dr. Drew: The Loch Ness monster shot JFK Dr. Oz: Princess Diana faked the moon landing Dr. Fauci: *jumps out window*
Ten days before Trump's inaugural, Dr. Fauci promised: "There is no question that there will be a challenge to  administration in the arena of infectious diseases," he said. "There will be a surprise outbreak." My latest, on what Trump ignored: 
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Hmmm looks like Fauci finally found a far more expensive drug to do essentially what #Hydroxychloroquine has been doing for 1/50th of the cost.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci told listeners on Snapchat’s Good Luck America on Tuesday that meeting up with someone after connecting on a dating app is a matter of deciding how much risk one  taking. 
When President Trump played the video of media clips during Monday's presser and said "I have clips of Anthony I could have put up" that's when I knew that Trump would reopen with Fauci's cooperation.  …
Dr. Fauci deserves a second Medal of Freedom for correcting the misinformation on a daily basis, especially crazed lunatics like Laura Ingraham. 
Not sure my US friends know, but the team of medical experts at Spallanzani in Italy sent a letter to our president of the Republic in order for him to pressure the White House to NOT so much as think to fire Dr. Fauci.
New Guidelines for Re-Opening America GOP go first Anyone going out before Dr.Fauci (not Dr.Phil) says its ok will forego medical treatment so as not to jeopardize lives of our brave medical frontline Federal Taxes paid by Americans for last 3 yrs will be returned to sender
very curious part of the WH media strategy. Trump/Fox entire political strategy is to make sure the bae never gets the facts. Fauci is respectful of Trump but sticks to the facts. Must make heads spin to hear Biden is right.  …
Dr Fauci should be given the Presidential Medal of Freedom purely for his patience and stamina in answering unfathomably ignorant and infantile questions from #FoxNews. #Trump #coronavirus #Covid_19 #COVID19 #lockdown 
If Fauci could say “for fuck sake you moron how could you even throw me such a gibbering batshit word salad and pretend it’s a question” he would His response is just as pointed IMO  …
No. Dr. Phil is as entitled as anyone else to hold the opinion of his choice. But Dr. Phil is a tv shrink; Dr. Fauci’s a world-renowned epidemiologist. No network should give their opinions on pandemic response equal weight.
After Fauci urged caution in reopening the economy, Fox News turned to Dr. Phil for a second opinion 
That was one of the biggest tells. #Fauci is a fifth columnist just biding his time until the #DemonRATS get back in power - Let's not let them! When this is all over #PresidentTrump will #FireFauci. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. #FridayThoughts #COVID19  
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
Director of Italy's top infectious-disease hospital said Fauci would be  'with open arms' if Trump fired him | Via: BusinessInsider  …
Fauci paid grant money to the CV19 and broke the law. Its a treasonous act he just did and  is set to make billions. 
Fauci uses the term “surveillance” not once but Twice Huh... thoughts? 
If you don’t think forced vaccination aren’t going to be a thing, you are kidding yourself! Gates, Fauci, Soros just to name a few are behind this crap same with Micro-chip! Be aware and be prepared! #ID2020 #VaccineAgenda #Microchip #IWillNeverComply 
Dr. Fauci doesn't know jack (), about the economy. and his medical predictions are even worse!
We are NOT going back to normal soon warns Dr. Fauci 
Dr. Anthony Fauci shuts down Laura Ingraham when  we didn’t have lockdowns over AIDS  …
Fauci Admits US Was "Given Incorrect Information From The Start" 
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell -- Bill Gates' #Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci's Agency #Covid19 Link to Podcast in article. Pay attention #Q #Qanon #Trump  …
#BillGates funded IHME which produced the inflated faulty COVID19 projections. Gates also funded NIAID led by Dr. Fauci, who used the faulty IHME projections to scare  …
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency Robert F. Kennedy Jr. says follow the money.  …
#BillGates/ #Fauci are exploiting the crisis. They want mandatory vaccines and chipping to track people. It's unconstitutional and un-American. Americans will never accept mandatory vaccinations or micro-chipping. [They already have. CA, NY, etc.] Wake up.  …
Dr. Fauci shuts down Fox News' Laura Ingraham after  about lockdowns 
WATCH: Dr. Fauci explains why some states will enter coronavirus reopening phases more quickly than others. “In order to even consider getting into the phasing, you have to pass a hurdle … we refer to as gating in.” 
Anthony Fauci has an h-index of 219, which means that he has 219 scientific publications that have each been cited 219 times in other scientific papers. An h-index of, say, 50 is usually considered very high. More than 100 is very rare. Fauci is an absolute giant in his field.
Fauci is really obsessed with social distancing but NEVER talks about preventative nutrition & supplementation. Since social distancing is so unevenly applied and there are no control groups to test it against, any evidence it makes a positive difference is anecdotal at best.
BREAKING NEWS DR FAUCI IS SITTING ON THE LEADERSHIP BOARDS IN THE BILL AND LINDA GATES FOUNDATION IN MINE OPINION THAT IS A CONFLICT OF INTREST 
Dr. Fauci keeps saying we can't just flip a switch and turn things back on and I keep thinking "didn't we just flip a switch and turn it all off?" Now that we're in the dark, I'm just hoping someone remembers where the switch is. #turnonthelights
FAUCI IS TIED TO THE GATES FOUNDATION FAUCI USED THE GATES MODEL TO CREATE PANIC AND SHUT DOWN THE COUNTRY BILL GATES TELL US HOW WE ARE GOING TO LIVE AND NEED TO BE VACCINATED IT IS TIME TO WAKE UP 
In 2017 Fauci said 'there will be a surprise outbreak' Fauci is partnered with Gates foundation Gates wants to vaccinate entire population Gates suggested lowering population through vaccines Gates is working on a global digital ID & a global vaccine ID#RT 
For the Establishment, it's now a race against time. Will Gov't and Central Bankers be able to execute their #COVID2019-inspired coup d'etat in time before the natives  too restless? #coronavirus #Covid_19 #Fauci  …
Dr. Drew has given dangerous advice on the coronavirus. Dr. Oz has given dangerous advice on the coronavirus. Dr. Phil has given dangerous advice on the coronavirus. Maybe it’s time to stop listening to TV “doctors” and start listening to the real doctors like Dr. Fauci...??
Fauci is Evil. Broken Medical Memorandum and the Law to bring this virus and vaccines to reality! Human Population Control! #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #CoronavirusLiar #VaccinateGates #FauciFraud @POTUS @Surgeon_General  …
Where is Fauci when You need him to set these fake doctors straight!? #DrOzIsADisgrace #stupidisasstupiddoes  …
“They’re really different," Fauci said when the Fox News host tried  the coronavirus to HIV or SARS. 
Coming soon? Trump: “I know more about viruses than anyone, believe me.” Fauci: “This isn’t syphilis sir”.
Dr. Fauci standing up to Laura Ingraham & saying Biden is right. Not only that but educating Laura that the AIDS pandemic was totally different from Covid-19. This is why fox news needs to face some serious litigation from people & the state. #FoxNewsLiedAsPeopleDied
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus 'don't just disappear' 
Dr. Fauci Shuts Down Laura Ingraham’s ‘Misleading’ Coronavirus Claim 
Fauci is a doctor speaking about a pandemic that has infected more than 2.000.000 people globally. He should no more be used as a political pawn by Trump than he should by biden. This is a disease, people are dying. This is not about the election. There is no win-win.
All of a sudden, the Left isn’t treating Dr. Fauci like God anymore... Why?
Fauci rubbing everyone down today  …
Fauci should have also added that the other key difference between COVID 19 and HIV is it’s transmissibility. The only way you catch HIV, while out grocery shopping, is if your average grocery trip includes an unprotected gang bang in aisle 6. So. Mike Pence may starve.
Watching Laura Ingraham get owned on national TV by Dr. Fauci is the best thing you’ll see all week. 
You can see the deep sadness in Fauci’s eyes at the end here  …
I noticed something strange when @IngrahamAngle asked Tiny Tony Fauci if COVID19 would "just disappear like SARS". There was something about Fauci's response tone that was troubling. Can't explain except that he was too certain it would NOT just disappear. TOO certain? Kinda odd
Sacking Fauci would be a big mistake for Trump. Governors would hire Fauci, and then he'd be free to provide his unvarnished opinion on any number of platforms.
I have zero respect for Dr Birx. She's worse than useless. She's just in Trump's stable and he trots her out to justify his refusal to do national testing, which is the one main thing that needs to be done. Eva Braun with a scarf. And where's Fauci, BTW.
95+ % of the USS Teddy Roosevelt crew have been tested. Almost 600 have tested positive . 60% of those positive are ASYMPTAMATIC. Fauci and #ScarfyBirx predicted <25% of the nation would be Asymptomatic . Nevertheless they’re ok wx re-opening. Are YOU? We need to test 1Mil/day!
Perhaps Dr. Phil should step in for Dr. Fauci so that we can get to that 100,000 mark a little quicker. Then CONald will be able to claim a “job well done”. My sister sure found her spin doctor in this one. @DrPhil  …
Fauci is a national treasure. Kudos to him for going on all networks and saving lives.
Dr. Phil is trending He ROCKED the rafters on @IngrahamAngle last night with his devastating critiques of the sub-moronic Fauci/scarf lady lockdown crap. In a nutshell he said the lockdown was garbage. ZERO equivocation. Will cause devastating harm to Americans. Devastating
Dr Anthony Fauci shuts down Laura Ingraham when  we didn’t have lockdowns over AIDS  …
Fauci has got to be sick of this shit. It’s a testament to his leadership and selflessness that he puts up with it. Given the demo, he knows he can save some vulnerable lives by going Fox.  …
Dr. Fauci absolutely destroyed Laura Ingraham tonight. I don’t think he will he invited back
Dr. Judy Mikovits goes off on Anthony Fauci and how he sabotaged her research confirming zoonotic mouse virus contaminating the vaccine supply and causing mouse-related cancers in the human population. Watch, timestamp is set to 36min.  
Fauci: Diseases like coronavirus "don't just disappear"  
There's a lot more going on behind the scenes between Donald Trump and Bill Gates / Fauci. Watch the full video here:  
Dr. Phil makes Dr. Nick look like Tony Fauci. 
A former guest on Dr. Phil’s show said they provided him with alcohol and drugs backstage. He was going on the show due to alcoholism. Another show guest says producers directed her addict daughter to where she could buy heroine before filming. I’ll be sticking with Dr. Fauci.
 Dr Fauci for having the courage to go on Fox news and patiently explain to this dunderhead that different viruses are different.  …
Tony Fauci is the bravest man in America.  …
You must have watched a different briefing. Birx gave detailed plans on testing capacity and broader monitoring methods. She and Fauci signed off on this guidance. It was good.
Fauci is brilliant and incredibly kind, as he did his best not to embarrass her.  …
Dr. Fauci is in on Remdesivir: "NIAID, the institute lead by Fauci, is sponsoring the trials of remdesivir, which is made by the  Gilead. "At WH briefing, Fauci tamped down Trump's enthusiasm for HCQ"  …
Not to her audience they didn't. They view Fauci as the enemy. The real enemy of the American people is Rupert Murdoch.
I wrote about the importance—and brilliance—of Dr. Fauci’s media strategy. Now is as good a time as any to re-up   …
Watch Dr. Tony Fauci debunk Laura  of HIV treatment to treating coronavirus  …
Honestly, I know she's a grifter, but I'm glad Fauci is going on her show because her audience needs to hear these facts more than almost anyone else.  …
I am not a virologist, but in my humble opinion, this is perhaps one of the greatest miscalculations in US history. Fauci got it wrong. We should isolated the vulnerable, but she should NEVER have shut down the ENTIRE country. I'm sorry, but I don't buy it.
. @IngrahamAngle tries to mislead the @FoxNews loyalists, but Dr. Fauci wasn't having it.  …
If you live in a state where schools are closed & your state moves into phase 1 and you go back to work, how exactly is that going to work when you have kids at home? Schools don’t reopen until phase 2. I’m giving Fauci & Birx’s high school presentation an F.
I don’t understand how people dismiss this as conspiracy theory. This is an egregious conflict of interest: Fauci, who served on board of Bill Gates organization, used projections from a group funded by Gates, to convince @realDonaldTrump @vp to enact shutdowns that WHO suggests.
Takeaways from Fox interview w/Dr Fauci: - #COVID19 ≠ HIV/AIDS - COVID19 spreads much more aggressively than SARS/prob won’t disappear - Just bc something “could” happen, doesn’t mean it’s likely Let’s listen to the scientists—not Fox. 
Anthony Fauci shuts down Laura Ingraham when  we didn’t have lockdowns over AIDS  …
Dr. Fauci has seen horrendous pandemics. For him to say that Coronavirus is a hearty bastard (my words) means he knows this is a very, very dangerous virus. And Trump doesn’t care about anything except getting re elected, even if it means walking over millions of dead bodies.
INGRAHAM: We don't have a vaccine for SARS or HIV. Life went on, right? FAUCI: HIV/AIDS is very different. We have effective treatments. And SARS went away. So  is misleading. I: But coronavirus could disappear too. F: These kind of viruses don't just disappear. 
This is why going everywhere is important. Dr. Fauci debunks @IngrahamAngle to her face and educates her viewers along the  …
Dr. Phil is on @IngrahamAngle He DEVASTATED the idea that this preposterous lockdown is good for people Go to You Tube. Find this video. I'm telling you, Dr. Phil CRUSHED the Fauci/Birx lockdown paradigm
EXCLUSIVE-- Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Dr. Fauci is also a member of the the Leadership Council of a Global Collaboration Initiative supported by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation called "Decades of Vaccines":  … This may explain Fauci's downplaying of hydroxychloroquine as a treatment for COVID
So Fauci's on Laura Ingraham tonight. She played a tape of Biden being critical of trump & plans to deal with the virus. She tried to get Fauci to attack Biden. She kept trashing him & then said "what do you have to say to Biden?" He said "Well, Laura, he's right. Biden's right"
God love Dr Fauci who is willing to go on propaganda network and tell the truth.
#IngrahamAngle really made #Fauci squirm, politely poking holes in his #Covid_19 #pandemia that has wrecked our economy. #FireFauci - we've got to get rid of this #CoronavirusLiar who is destroying America with an incoherent but malign agenda. Good for you . 
This might be important for explaining US #COVID19 events: Bill Gates has been funding both IHME, which produced the inflated faulty COVID19 projections, and NIAID led by Dr. Fauci, who used IHME projections to scare Trump: -  … -  … 
Dr Fauci certainly didn’t like @IngrahamAngle bringing up that the SARS virus went away without a vaccine & there’s a possibility that this coronavirus will disappear too. Maybe we won’t need a vaccine? His face showed that this vaccine is highly important to him. Wonder why?
Dr. Fauci has to explain to Laura Ingraham why Coronavirus is not like HIV 
It must be so  tiring for Anthony Fauci to have to answer questions like this 
Watch Fauci’s reaction when Laura Ingraham suggests Coronavirus could just disappear like SARS 
OK, we’ve talked about Fauci’s deft-footedness, but it was on display on Fox just now. Ingraham: “Could [Calif’s low death rate] be because there are different strains circulating on the West Coast than the East?” Fauci: “There could be [different strains], but there are not.”
Laura Ingraham tries to get Dr Fauci to attack Joe Biden and it did not go the way she hoped it would 
Fauci's getting schooled by Laura Ingram.
Give up on believing WH "should" do something. There are glimmers of good -- of course, Fauci -- who clearly won the battle against stupid. But Trump won't change. We pivot and vote and try to be useful. I'm done being pissed. Later @cnntonight and then @NewDay in am. 6/6
The federal government has failed in the first instance (the "original sin" of testing) and now in not ramping up test capacity. But, there is progress by the states, partnerships such as here in MA with health industry, and I think Fauci is right that by late summer 3/
Friend on Facebook wrote this. I think he mailed it better than Fauci? What do you think? 
Did #Fauci just Contaminate the @VP? Arrest that disgusting pig!! @realDonaldTrump , @POTUS , @WhiteHouse , @SecretService  …
Tonight's briefing illustrated that Fauci doesn't understand the term War. To use his metric, no battle should be entered into, if there is any suggestion that the army will take casualties... Safety above all? If we are at war, there will be casualties. It's part of freedom!
Fauci: DON'T TOUCH YOUR FACE! Fauci: PRACTICE SOCIAL DISTANCING! FAUCI... RUBS THE SNOT FROM HIS NOSE ONTO HIS FUC**** HAND... THEN... RUBS IT ON PENCE'S ARM!?!?!?!?!?!!! PLEASE, @realDonaldTrump DUMP THIS MORON... NOW! 
Philosopher Stefan Molyneux in conversation with Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai about health, #coronavirus, Dr Fauci, Bill Gates, the Gate Foundation, the Clinton Foundation - and what REALLY killed Freddie Mercury! 
The doctors agree. How do we know? They were there presenting the data with @realDonaldTrump. Acosta, a partisan hack, continues to forward a narrative that Trump doesn't listen to the doctors when both Fauci and Birx have said, several times, the president listens to them.  …
RT & tell @WHO @UN: Listen to Dr. Fauci & #BanWetMarkets! #COVID19 jumped the species barrier in a nasty & infectious cesspool known as a #wetmarket in #Wuhan #China. Join Dr. Fauci by speaking out & signing our petition here:  #Coronavirus 
I spend my days and nights tethered to oxygen. This claim that we are on the other side of the #pandemic is scientifically false and the real scientist in the room, Tony Fauci, has repeated this fact over and over. #CoronavirusPandemic
FAUCI BUILT MY HOT ROD
#CoronavirusLiar I'm not going out till Fauci says so, and TRUMP nowhere near him to give him the evil eye,because.... 
Great @Forbes article, @wfmeehan. Dr. Fauci ( @holy_cross), @NYGovCuomo ( @FordhamNYC) and @GavinNewsom ( @SantaClaraUniv) -all #JesuitEducated -are leading with conscience & serving ad maiorem Dei Gloriam during the #COVID19 crisis. May they inspire all to  people for  …
Ah, I wondered why Democrats like Fauci and Birx designed it. Do you even spend five seconds listening to your bullshit and asking yourself if it's going to fly?  …
Question: Will there be "packed arenas for sporting events, large crowds, concerts" in Phase 3? Dr. Fauci: "It is conceivable that we will be able to do that." 
Did Fauci just wipe his nose on his sleeve?
This is a fabulous piece, chock full of insights about Dr. Fauci, but more importantly, about life.  …
Dr. Fauci: "When we get to the point where we're going to take those steps towards trying to get back to some form of normality -- that it would not be a light switch that you could turn on and off." 
On the 'phases' of reopening the US and new waves of #COVID19 infection, @NIH expert Dr. Tony Fauci warns Americans: "Even if you’re in phase one, two, three...it's not 'game over,' we're done. It may very well be this virus wants  back to us." 
So much for social distancing Watch Dr. Fauci rub his nose then the Vice President #Tucker #Hannity #Trump2020 #KAG2020 #Tcot #Ccot #IngrahamAngle 
Bill Gates... QUOTE: "We see a lot of things that are going very well... Things like producing CHILDHOOD DEATH"! This Luciferian FtM & 'his' 'wife', an MtF, admittedly kills children, but wants to save you with his vaccine. Dr Anthony Fauci: Vaccines can give you the disease! 
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Trump held several crowded rallies in the month of February after Dr. Fauci warned in in late January  transmissions. Trump did not order PPE until mid-March. Trump is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths. Trump has ZERO power to “open the country” 
VAXX are Poison. The CV VAXX will not be safe. Dr. Fauci gave Gates immunity, in the US, from the harm the CV VAXX will do. 
wait, i JUST learned that Fauci is **79** years old. looking at him, thought he was like 63. tbh THAT might be the most convincing reason to take health advice from him.
Narratives that have gone mainstream: Wuhan Institute of Virology Fauci's relationship with Gates Dems misled on lack of supplies Hydroxychloroquine fight was politics Media ran false coverage Blue Checks read our content, fight against it, then pretend it's all new, more at 11
So tell us @SpeakerPelosi are claiming the Drs Brix and Fauci are wrong? It is their plan? Are going to trash your own now just to get to  …
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D. Redux: All Educational Institutions Should Include Instilling “Serving Others”... via  …
I guess you haven't seen the tapes of Dr Fauci in January and February saying this virus wouldn't be a problem in America. Dr Fauci is one of the 'experts' that leads Trump's team.
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  
There’s no daylight between Fauci and Birx on reopening plan and our testing capabilities— this so shocked the lying, useless bastards in the press corps, so caught the bubbled cult off guard cuz they can’t even CONCEIVE of anything outside their warped minds...
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” 
1. If you think Trump did a nice presser even though he did not show how we will get adequate testing or tracing, you're part of the problem. No testing and the virus wins. It's that simple folks. Fauci is a Trump-bully victim and has done all he can. Berk is also spent.
How pissed is the fake media today with Birx and Fauci totally on board with this reopening plan and vouching that we have plenty of testing. Our media have been lying about both for weeks. The media is total shit and just got the face job of face jobs.
I am not watching this. Are Drs. Fauci and Birx on board with this plan, such as it is?  …
Dr. Fauci Admits He and Dr. Birx Were the Two ‘Experts’ Who Persuaded Trump to Kill the Economy with Their Garbage Predictions of 2.2 Million Deaths!  …
I'll be happy to eat my words IF Trump eats HIS "Take the gun, do the due process later" -> #RedFlag "They've gotta take the shots" #vaccines then letting #Fauci put USA under #housearrest creating a GREATER #DEPRESSION & putting everyone on welfare checks ->  …
I feel really good about the plan to re-open the country. President Trump clearly has the backing of his medical experts (Dr. Fauci and Birx) and is leaving a lot of decisions up to the state governors. The media will look even more insane attacking him over this than usual.
Informative presser by Trump Fauci and Team 1) Dr. Fauci saying will be back to normal soon (was powerful) 2) 29 of the 50 states to open back up in next 2 weeks (big deal) 3) Trump Fauci mentioned sports multiple times, Sports will start and people will be in stadiums.
This is correct. To a certain extent, the regional efforts by govs boxed Trump in. Reporters still asking questions with “will a state be allowed..” which is strange premise. Fauci now talking about Fall for true testing and antibody capability. 1/  …
#Presidementia 04/16 Press Briefing: (14)  back to address surveillance & testing. Fauci says we need to know about how far virus penetrates into population, and we need testing. We don't know what the vulnerable areas are. We need contact tracing & adequate testing.
Phase I, II, and III, go! Have a question for Dr. Anthony Fauci? He'll join me tonight on #IngrahamAngle 10 pm @foxnews.
Dr. Fauci says states that begin phases of reopening are not seeing "game over" for coronavirus, especially because it could cycle back later in the year  
We have tests Dr. Birx? We don’t have to worry about #PPE, Dr. Fauci? Are we in the same country?
Dr. Birx says the key is “constant surveillance testing for asymptomatic cases.” Then Dr. Fauci adds questions that will inform going forward, with an optimistic tone/feel. (Public health seems to be informed more and more by the economic devastation.)
Thanks, Dr. Tony. I’ve known Dr. Fauci for twenty years. A true professional. His thoughtful answers reflect intelligence, dignity, and credibility. Qualities needed now more than ever at the highest levels of our government.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency  …
Watching @realDonaldTrump Dr Fauci, Dr Birx, @VP explaining opening our Country again. Three phases of “rules”. Makes a TON of sense to me. @realDonaldTrump haters need to slow their roll. This plan was very well thought out! @FoxNews
Dr. Anthony Fauci says in order for a state to go through the phases of reopening, you have to first meet “gating” criteria: “The predominant  driving element that we put into this was the safety and the health of the American public.”  
President Trump: Listen to governors Listen to business leaders Listen to Senate Dems Listen to Dr. Fauci We need to dramatically expand coronavirus testing ASAP. 
The President’s presentation is  farce. Even Dr. Fauci has  impossible to watch. Every night they offer no new information. No answers.
Dr. Fauci: "There may be some setbacks. I mean, let's face it. This is uncharted water. There may be some setbacks." 
National Syndromic SurveillanceNo #Vaccine The new Foreign Infection Surveillance Act [Deborah Birx] [Fauci] [CDC] [WHO] #coronavirus 
Biden campaign attacking WH task force plan — and by extension, Doctors Fauci, Birx. Bad, political look imo:  …
Dr Fauci says he can see packed arenas for sporting events without a vaccine during phase 3 of new White House plan to reopen the country 
Fauci gave a very careful answer on sports that amounted to “maybe” and Trump couldn’t stand it, and he’s now babbling his way through an answer that he would prefer.
Fauci leaves open possibility that there can be games — with fans — in the phase 3 part of the plan. That would likely be around July or August.
Sorry, fake news... Birx and Fauci are obviously 100% behind this responsible, reasonable plan to reopen America.
This is a data-driven, detail-oriented plan to reopen the U.S. economy. Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx are running through the top lines, and even then you're just selectively attacking one slide here. Why is Team Biden attacking the experts?  …
Fauci: "There may be some setbacks" with reopening; "we may have to pull back a little" at some point.
See how much better these briefings are when Dr. Birx and Fauci do the majority of the talking?
Fauci explaining States must pass through a gate to get to a phase....ok cool... Then says if there's a rebound States will go back.... Umm... that's not happening EVER the end @realDonaldTrump
Nice to see Fauci finally agreeing every State is different.
Fauci: "It will be staggered; not every state, not every region will do it at the same time"; that's "obvious"; but "sooner or later," we'll safely get back to some form of normality.
Dr. Fauci is reading his hostage note and Dr. Brix is wrapping scarfs around his neck.
I only trust my bed and Dr Fauci, I’m sorry
fauci putting his brand on this is really disgusting. and like i keep saying, proof  under trump's thumb. quisling.
Fauci on the new guidelines: "This is a rather robust program for re-entering into normality."
Repetition, repetition, repetition is crucial though media watching every briefing are a little crazed by it. Most of the country doesn’t watch most much less all of the briefings which is why @realDonaldTrump @VP Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci keep messaging. It works over weeks.
Dr. Fauci: This reopening plan is a detailed, robust program.
Fauci said “this is a robust re-opening strategy” That’s Fauci speak for, this is the stupidiest fucking thing we could do
Anthony Fauci generously calls this deck of slides "a rather robust program for re-entering into normality."
Good. Dr Fauci is there.
How long until Dr Oz takes over for Fauci?
Is Dr Fauci there? If he’s not there, that’s very telling. That means Trump didn’t want Fauci anywhere close to a question.
Sweet Mother of God. #DrBirx is now giving a slide presentation under the "Opening Up America Again" heading. She  in this madness. She can no longer be trusted. I now am waiting to see how #Fauci deals with this. #OUAA #PressBriefing
I no longer believe a thing Dr Birx says. She’s already been caught repeatedly spinning data in order to appease Trump. Why isn’t Fauci leading this event?
Thank you Dr Birx and Dr Fauci. Now, GTFO.
Dr. Fauci hasn't been appearing at the briefings much these past few days but I'm sure we'll be seeing plenty of him on CNN and MSNBC in days 
I’m not sure how Fauci manages this level of stress and frustration.
This is bullshit, someone grab the mic and ask Fauci when anonymous sex will be possible!!!
I don’t want to hear Pence explaining the guidelines, he doesn’t even understand the guidelines. Why isnt Fauci explaining this?
There is no provision for increased testing or tracing in Trump’s guidelines. This is exactly the opposite of what Fauci and Birx have said publicly. @SpeakerPelosi get the troops back now. Don the and make this the Hill to die in. He is trying to kill us off.
Trump praises Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci as he announces three phase approach for re-opening economy
President Trump singles out Dr. Birx for drafting guidelines and says that Dr. Fauci has been “terrific”
Dinner conversation after teaching my 15-year-old daughter about Pap smears. Me: Do you know which medical school George Papanicolaou went to? Her: No Me: The same one as Anthony Fauci and your dad. Her: Seems like one of those people hasn’t quite measured up. Me: Ouch
DC. What a place. Fauci Pouchy is probably the greatest thing I’ve seen this week. 
Fauci Admits US Was "Given Incorrect Information From The Start" 
Dr. Anthony Fauci is America's voice of reason on the president’s pandemic  He should quit, writes columnist Ron Grossman. 
@realDonaldTrump Dems threaten impeachment for pulling WHO funding. Pull not only WHO funding but all UN funding. Arrest Bill gates give Fauci the Fugazi a swirly and stuff him in a locker and give the middle finger to all dems AND TELL THEM TO KISS YOUR RED BLOODED ASS 1776 2.0
Dr Fauci’s own statements on TV CLEAR EXONERATE @realDonaldTrump of ANY tak he didn’t react fast enough on Coronavirus!!! Read folks. Still the guessing. FACTS ABOUT FAUCI ARE ON MY LAST TWEET!
WHY is this Dr. not being interviewed on major news outlets ? ...oh yeah , we know why...Wake up, His Highness Fauci is at work. Please @POTUS investigate him...background @realDonaldTrump #TWGRP #SpeakerInNameOnlyPelosi #ReOpenAmerica  …
If my grandma was alive, she'd be trying to reach through the TV to put anointing oil on Anthony Fauci's head during Trump's coronavirus press conferences How do I know? I had to wipe the TV screen down after Price is Right whenever someone black made the Showcase Showdown
Dr Fauci should have known better than to try and outshine Trump. The consequences could be dire 
Director of Italy's top infectious-disease hospital said Fauci would be  'with open arms' if Trump fired him || Via BusinessInsider  …
Now that the media has finally caught up to the Wuhan Institute of Virology, how long will it take them to ask questions about the fact Fauci's NIAID was funding the Instititute's scientists to do Coronavirus research? It's like herding Bats with the MSM  …
Until Dr.  to my house to say it's safe, I'm not leaving. Meanwhile, South Korea who reported their 1st covid case the same say as the US, has 229 deaths & they are testing, tracing & treating without lockdowns. We're not even at 1% testing.  
The Mentor Who Made Dr. Anthony Fauci He met the right person at the right time in his career—and Dr. Sheldon Wolff changed Dr. Fauci’s life.  …
TRUTH BOMB! Ignore #TrumpIsAnIdiot, listen to the Scientists! The Professionals! Not the talking clowns who know nothing except to hail their #Cult45 Leader! Dr Fauci & Dr Birx are going to save lives! Don’t open the Economy and kill Americans! #wtpTEAM #OneVoice1  
Everyone owes their career to someone else. Dr. Anthony Fauci tells us about the man he has called “my professional father, my mentor, my closest friend.” 
These guidelines for reopening the economy seem very reasonable at first blush. And Trump walks back the nonsense that he's the decider. So not atypical Trump...lotta bluster and mostly reasonable policy that seems guided by the Fauci/Birx types.
Fauci reports that as many as 50% of the infected may be asymptomatic silent carriers. Then says, “I don’t have any scientific data to say that." Then why is he offering that information? If it's not based on scientific evidence and can be harmful it's propaganda.
You mean people can die of starvation? I thought we could only die from #COVID19 Maybe we should tell Trump & #Fauci NOT to kill farms, distribution & restaurants #Plandemic is to destroy middle class (bourgeois) make us all beg for govt handout #UBIStimulus  …
Trump held numerous large gathering political rallies in the month of February AFTER Dr Fauci warned him in late January  transmission. Trump is POTUS. Nancy is not POTUS. Trump is responsible for hundreds of thousands of American deaths. 
Our positions in times like these last well past the present. Are you JFK or George Wallace? Don Haskins or Adolph Rupp? Smith and Carlos or Avery Brundage? MLK or Bull Connor? Ali or William F. Buckley? Dr. Oz or Dr. Fauci? History remembers the heroes and the morons.
Everyone owes their career to someone else. In an exclusive interview, Dr. Anthony Fauci told @bzcohen about the man he has called “my professional father, my mentor, my closest friend.”  … via @WSJ This story is great.
Fauci and Birx and the CDC have signed off on Trumps plan to open the country. It will be announced tonight on the Trump virus presser at 6. Gonna be a must watch
Dr. Fauci: Sports can return in 2020 without fans in attendance  …
Kellyanne Conway scolds CBS reporter asking about 'wealthy white men' and 'screaming' at US president and Fauci  …
Dr Fauci is a trained medical doctor & he should be pointing out to the US Congress that Trump is mentally ill & a danger to America & should be given  psychiatric evaluation! #ImpeachTrumpNOW He is literally insane! @SexyIgma @mielewealth @marthaj44 @just_old_joe
Second example: Trump asked Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert and a key member of the White House’s coronavirus task force, whether U.S. officials could allow the coronavirus pandemic to “wash over” the country. . .  …
Going on @JoeandEvan for weekly spot at 4:25. Arizona, Fauci, Cuomo/Wilpon, NFL scoops, Pain Bracket, etc. @WFAN660
NEW: White House previews @realDonaldTrump’s guidelines for “Opening Up America Again.” Officials say the plan will be driven by granular data, down to the county level, and led by the nation’s governors. Drs. Fauci, Birx and Redfield are all on board.  …
Perhaps not since the Vietnam era, when Walter Cronkite was routinely described as the most trusted man in America, has the nation depended  on one person to deliver a daily dose of plain talk. This time it’s Anthony Fauci. 
BREAKING: President Trump has drafted Guidelines for Opening Up the Country and is currently discussing them with Governors. The Guidelines are: • Governor-Led • Data-Driven • Signed off on by Dr. Redfield, Dr. Birx, and Dr. Fauci. 
NEW: Trump's guidelines for "Opening Up America Again" puts the focus on governors and has been approved by Drs. Birx, Fauci and Redfield — I got a sneak peak just a little while ago. Here's what to expect  …
This is the equivalent of firing Fauci.
Anthony Fauci's NIAID has spent up to $51M/year researching coronavirus. One third of the 1000s of papers published on coronaviruses since SARS-1 came from US research institutes. Yet as late as Feb 28, Fauci was playing down the seriousness of SARS-CoV-2.  
Brazilian Health Minister—every bit the Dr Fauci of Brazil—just fired by President Bolsonaro in the middle of the pandemic. Extremely capable...and far more popular than Bolsonaro. The President’s ego couldn’t handle it. Incredibly irresponsible decision.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci said he is hopeful that people will get through the current challenge now and be 'prepared' if a resurgence of the novel coronavirus happens in the next season  
“No new cases, no new deaths, until there’s a vaccine.” - Fauci An INSANE and unprecedented standard, unseen in any pandemic in human history.
Breaking News:Surgeon General Jerome Adams dumps Gates/WHO/CDC model. America to reopen  @KR_KAG @7Magyar @Harleyluv @White2to4 @MrDiddy85 @DcdRetblue @DGurL12345 @MichelleN20 @Ginalolaknits @RitaScrivner1 @waldon_mike Bill Gates/WHO/Fauci are devils
How about for Gates, Birx, Fauci, Kissinger, Roths, Rockefeller, etc. P1zzag8te goons all need to go down as well. We can start here but we MUST FINISH all of them off. Don't back down GOP because you have dirty rats too.
1 of the things I hope goes away after #Covi19 is TV doctors who prefer hot takes to science. There's a difference between a doctor on TV, like Dr. Sanjay Gupta or Dr. Fauci, & a TV doctor who makes a living on TV. You'd be better off taking medical advice from him. #droz 
Dr Anthony Fauci has  a hero of the American left. But he should have known better than to outshine Trump 
Nancy Pelosi had  on February 24 about President Trump's response to the coronavirus. She was asked if the federal government was doing enough to control the virus. She answered: "I have confidence in Dr. Fauci…who has even further confidence in what we’re doing"
At this White House briefing, Dr Fauci gives his best advice yet: 
WTH? Fauci Says Tinder Hookups Okay During Coronavirus Lockdowns: “Your Choice Regarding a Risk”  
The Dark Truth About Fauci and Birx, Bill Gates And Globalist Elites via  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci Plotted ‘Global Vaccine Action Plan’ with Bill Gates Before Pushing COVID Panic and Doubts About Hydroxychloroquine Treatments  
Trump diagnosis Feb 2: "We pretty much shut it  in from China." Fauci diagnosis Feb 19th: Coronavirus "at the brink" of global pandemic. Which specialist would you trust if your life depended on it? #COVID19 #Leadership #FoxNews 
A Trump supporter’s tweet misleadingly portrayed advice that Dr. Fauci gave on Feb. 29. On that date, Fauci said rules Americans  to know as social distancing were not yet warranted, but he didn't say coronavirus was “nothing to worry about” 
LOCKDOWN SHOWDOWN Protests Erupt Across the World Protesting Lockdown; Fauci In Hot Water; HW Special Report from Sweden; Doctors Successfully Treating Covid-19. #Coronavirus #Covid19  …
Dr Fauci: Tinder, Grindr Hookups Ok ‘If You’re Willing to Take a Risk’  …
#WarRoomPandemic hosts Steve Bannon, @RaheemKassam, @JackMaxey1, and @JasonMillerinDC go off on Dr. Fauci after the NIH chief appeared to endorse the use of dating apps ostensibly in contravention of social distancing guidelines  
. @JackMaxey1: Our @NIH leader promoting irresponsible Tinder hookups would be bad enough in a regular time, but he's doing this in a pandemic which has the entire country shut down. Dr. Fauci must be fired — today. #WarRoomPandemic  
Bannon: Dr. Fauci is the President's senior advisor on #coronavirus When we're having an Antietam, a 9/11, a Pearl Harbor every day in terms of deaths, why is he doing a Snapchat interview? Why is he not at @NIH? #WarRoomPandemic  
A very unhappy looking @christufton has just described Alorica as a "weak link" while his CMO said they are not seeing where Alorica was in breach of protocol. Is this a Trump/Fauci moment? Which one to trust?
At the height of the AIDS epidemic, Dr. Anthony Fauci worked with activists to implement a policy shift that increased the number of patients who had access to experimental HIV/AIDS treatments — and saved countless lives. 
1/I’ve read & heard a lot about the COVID deaths vital statistics reporting. I don’t trust the media. I don’t trust the ‘verified’ social media influencers. I don’t trust Fauci or Birx. I don’t trust what people are saying.
HUGE: More info on the extensive coronavirus research that Fauci's NIAID was funding  …
I AGREE!!! — Ron Paul says Fauci needs to be removed: “If not by Trump, then by the American people” RETWEET if you AGREE!  …
Dr. Ron Paul Interview: Bill Gates & Tony Fauci Are Determined To Run The World by Vaccines  … My Brand New Interview With @RonPaul
. @NewYorker writer @specterm doesn't think Dr. Fauci needs to worry about job security. "Trump can't fire him," Specter says. "He can kick him off the coronavirus task force ... but he can't fire him from his job." 
Trump held rallies after Dr. Fauci advised him in late January about  spread of coronavirus. . @realDonaldTrump is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of 
Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates & #BigPharma don't want you to read this book. Get #PlagueOfCorruption now & learn truth about public health  decades of research fraud & vaccine cover-ups==>  … @1anti_s @RobSchneider @HighWireTalk 
WTH? Fauci Says Tinder Hookups Okay During Coronavirus Lockdowns: "Your Choice Regarding a Risk" @KristinnFR  … via @gatewaypundit
As Dr Fauci said. If properly fitted, one mask can save the thousands of lives. 
Fauci, folks... Why can you determine your own tolerance for risk in this area, and not decide if you want to risk a sparsely populated morning Mass, or patronize your local "non-essential" small businesses?  …
Sen. Lindsey Graham was ready to blame everyone but Trump for America’s coronavirus calamity during an appearance on The View. That included China, the World Health Organization and, most notably, Dr. Anthony Fauci. 
I have been fighting them for many years-WHO/CDC/Fauci- started this thread back in March. Personal  …
Fauci Endorses ‘Tinder, Grindr’ Intimate Hook Ups – ‘That’s Your Choice Regarding a Risk’  …
Wake up! Fauci & Brix MUST be fired @POTUS [They] lie! This is a HUGE scam and they MSM  No more #FakeNews #Eugenics 
U.S. infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci said the 'success or failure' of the reopening of states would depend on the 'capability of being able to test, identify and isolate'  
Corona trutherism is rampant on the right. They doubt how many people it’s killed. They protest against staying home. They call for firing Fauci. They're a mess. Their impulse to doubt media, experts & truth is endangering us. @deetwocents Democracyish  
Dr. Anthony Fauci tells @davidmuir that a return to normalcy following COVID-19 will likely occur in stages. "There's not going to be like, a light switch that you turn on and off and say, 'On this date, America will resume its normal 
Never have so many bright young minds wanted to work in the same place at the same time. There was such a talent cluster in this generation of NIH researchers that Fauci arrived in the same year as four people who have since won Nobel Prizes.  … via @bzcohen
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
"My professional father, my mentor, my closest friend." Anthony Fauci owes his remarkable career to one person. Here is America's doctor on the man who hired him and changed his life:  
Dr. Anthony Fauci gave the Covid-19 virus to China in 2015 because Fauci's American labs weren't allowed to create biological weapons of war. Dr. Birx works for Bill Gates who's patented the Covid-19 vaccine to make billions from it. That's it, folks.  …
. @JackMaxey1: Our @NIH leader promoting irresponsible Tinder hookups would be bad enough in a regular time, but he's doing this in a pandemic which has the entire country shut down. Dr. Fauci must be fired — today. #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
There was never any concrete proof it helped COVID-19. Dr. Fauci himself warned against it. Also, it is highly toxic an overdose. Used car salesman Trump created a shortage for lupus patients and other who need and can be helped by the medication.  …
Bannon: Dr. Fauci is the President's senior advisor on #coronavirus When we're having an Antietam, a 9/11, a Pearl Harbor every day in terms of deaths, why is he doing a Snapchat interview? Why is he not at @NIH? #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
Time to open the Country back up for business, President Trump! Fauci is a con-man who said 2.2 million would die...he was off by WAY over 2.1 MILLION! Let's DO IT!
Bannon to Dr. Fauci: Where's your model? The mathematical kind – not the kind you look for on Tinder. #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
Dr. Fauci says you can meet a Tinder date "if you're willing to take a risk"  …
Gov. Doug Ducey should side with Dr. Anthony Fauci over Donald Trump  … via @azcentral
Director of Italy's top infectious-disease hospital said Fauci would be  'with open arms' if Trump fired him | Via BusinessInsider  …
ALERT: Dr. #Fauci wants to track who #COVID-19-positive individuals were in contact with: @RepAndyBiggsAZ “Spying on American people, that's NOT freedom. That is enslavement. That is totalitarianism.” 
WATCH: Tucker Carlson Speaks Out Against Dr. Fauci (VIDEO)  …
WOW! Dr. Fauci Admits He and Dr. Birx Were the Two 'Experts' Who Persuaded Trump to Kill the Economy with Their Garbage Predictions of 2.2 Million Deaths!  … via @gatewaypundit
#RobertFKennedyJr Drops Bombshells on Dr. #Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
"This type of centralization of spying on American people, that's not freedom. That is enslavement. That is totalitarianism." @RepAndyBiggsAZ added that he thinks Drs. Fauci and Birx have "engendered panic" 
Fauci reminds me of some character from a Harry Potter movie... Can't quite put my finger on it...
Dr Fauci Says It Is Okay To Hook Up With People From Tinder And Bumble, It's A #NationalHornyDay Miracle  
TODAY: We learn more about Dr. Anthony Fauci from @NewYorker staff writer @specterm. Specter's known Fauci and covered his work on infectious diseases for decades – including Fauci’s trail-blazing efforts to battle the AIDS epidemic in the '80s.
Read this thread for some morning enjoyment. Adding in Dr. Fauci's words of wisdom or the matinee!  …
.....and frogs to destroy them. Q Do you even remotely understand? Dr. Fauci Warned In 2017 Of ‘Surprise Outbreak’ During Trump Administration  …
New England  creates Dr. Fauci plush doll  
Dr. Fauci said "5G doesn’t have any impact on the immune system" but "I’m not so sure that there’s a site that would debunk something as far out as that." Oh, but there is. Read our fact-check:   …
We asked Dr. Fauci how emergency services can safely perform their life-saving duties and cleanup efforts after storms amid social distancing. 
Confirmation of George Webb Report REVEALED: The NIH Gave Millions to Chinese Universities and Research Laboratories. Why would Dr Fauci & WHO & Bill Gates support research outside the USA? Because it is NOT under same ethical guidelines  …
Dr. Fauci responds to petition to make him Sexiest Man Alive  
We have widespread, painful suffering not bc of the disease but bc of economic catastrophe, isolation, and authoritarian thuggery. No one elected Fauci and Birx. Congress never voted or even held a public hearing about “social distancing” yet here we are:   …
They have been wrong over and over. It’s infuriating that Trump continues to put them front and center, allowing Fauci to publicly wax about his inner thoughts on everything from baseball to the election to racism. Get the hook,  …
Everyone owes their career to someone else. Dr. Anthony Fauci tells us about the man he has called “my professional father, my mentor, my closest friend.” 
This is the guy Trump listens to more than he listens to Fauci. 
Anyone else find  Dr Fauci couldn't even provide accurate data on the Chinese virus but now wants to opine on economics? 
“Everyone died,” Anthony Fauci said, about the AIDS crisis. “I was used to treating people who had little hope and then saving their lives––that was so wonderful. But, with AIDS in those days, I saved no one. It was the darkest time of my life.” 
Instead of rewarding overconfidence, we should celebrate those - like Dr. Fauci - who are upfront about their assumptions and who update their forecasts when new information emerges, even if it makes their past estimates look “wrong.”  …
OPINION: Speaking as a Dr. I trust what Gov. Cuomo and Dr Fauci  New guidelines will be released today by the CDC. I guarantee tRump will attempt to open our economy. It won't work. Why? We don't have enough testing in place. Yes tRumpasaurus, no testing, no success.
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
DR. FAUCI on baseball’s return “We have the world champion Washington Nationals. You know, I want to see them play again.” WATCH 
Dr. Fauci admitted it was he and Dr. Birx who got Trump to kill the economy, And they did this with wildly inaccurate models and predictions! Trump admitted that back in March “two very smart people” urged him to lock down the economy or 2.2 million Americans would die.?
"Kennedy described Fauci as a workplace tyrant who has ruined careers of upstanding physicians and researchers in order to cover up scandals and costly medical research disasters…"  …
Things Trump has blamed for his Coronavirus response: Obama CDC China World Health Organization FDA Immigrants Governors Dr. Fauci Media Asians Things actually responsible for Trump’s response: Trump
"When people believe that government can cure anything, they are exhibiting symptoms of a disease far more serious than COVID-19." We we learn our lesson the hard way? #TrumpPressConf #Covid_19 #COVID #coronavirus #Fauci #TrumpPressBriefing  …
Yesterday, I tweeted many articles from peer-reviewed medical science journals showing decades of research & therapy applications for Hydroxychloroquine and Chloroquine, including clinical trials. Fauci is lying & wrong (as usual). I will continue #coronavirus @realDonaldTrump
The White House counselor accused the correspondent of "screaming" at Dr. Fauci and President Trump 
The “Brazil’s Fauci” analogies only go so far. Mandetta is clearly interested in a political career after leaving ministry and playing up drama to grab headlines. It doesn’t mean he’s wrong on the issues.... but Fauci is beloved in US precisely because he’s seen above politics  …
Watch this shocking info on Fauci 
Educating Liberals The MSM social media, Dem governors, Dr Fauci, the CDC, & WHO are all working to suppress a proven cure (HCQ) in favor of vaccines & microchip technology with the help of an  nerd who wants to depopulate the planet? Thinking face No thanks
Day 18 of @NavigatorSurvey tracking poll: The public trusts the World Health Organization to tell the truth on coronavirus a lot more than Trump. 64% Trust for WHO vs. 44% for Trump. Fauci, CDC, and Cuomo all higher trust levels as well. 
Fauci’s NIAID Gave $3.7 Million To Wuhan Lab To Study Coronavirus in Bats? Ben Swann Investigates… – Investment Watch  …
We now have proof from countries that refused to lockdown (Japan, S Korea, Brazil, Sweden, more) that they have fewer cv deaths, without intentionally destroying their economies. 80k died in the US from the flu in ‘18. The flu kills. We fu*ked up. Admit it. Fire Fauci Reopen!
Dr. Fauci, nation’s COVID-19 pandemic expert, earned honorary Siena College degree in 2011  
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
Globalist shills who will never die from Covid-19: Bill Gates Anthony Fauci George Sores Bono Guy Verholfstadt Ursula von der Leyen Angela Merkel Emmanuel Macron Justin Trudeau Leo Varadkar Simon Coveney Charlie Flanagan Please feel free to add to the list.
COVID-19: Sports Can Come Back But Without Fans – Fauci  
. @WHO is trafficking Cuban doctors. They have minders, pay them a pittance, and launder money back to their organization @realDonaldTrump. About 1,500 doctors in Florida. Modern day slavery! @SecPompeo @VP. Fauci, Birx, Gates must to be in on this. These people are evil.  …
“Dr. Fauci is finally saying we can play sports if fans aren’t present during the summer. And that’s fine. We don’t need to have fans initially. But all of the sports leagues need to have a plan in place by May 1 so they can be ready to go for the summer.”— 
In the gotta give him something strategy, watch today as Birx or Fauci makes case for some states to re-open soon. This will be appeasement of @realDonaldTrump to keep him from calling for wholesale national relaxation of social distancing. It isn’t sound public health strategy.
The Dark Truth About Fauci and Birx, Bill Gates And Globalist Elites - National File - The push for the Chinese virus vaccine is being perpetrated by greedy, corrupt individuals. Don’t fall for the hoax!  …
Republicans say Fauci "can no longer be one of the primary voices" in reopening economy  
Fauci on petition to make him Sexiest Man Alive: "Where were you when I was 30?"  
The scientific director of Italy’s leading infectious disease hospital has written to the Italian president formally suggesting that Dr. Fauci be invited to work here if President @realDonaldTrump removes him from the @WhiteHouse coronavirus task force.  
SAYING A VACCINE IS MONTHS AWAY DOESN'T MAKE IT SO. YOUR LIES ARE KILLING PEOPLE. PLEASE STOP. Dr. Fauci has to stop Trump from lying in a WH meeting about #coronavirus vaccine in two months: "Like I've been telling you, a year to a year and a half."  08
This has   @DGHisham DESERVES all the accolades, but - the article sounded like Beijing propaganda to attack Trump by siding with Dr Fauci - we’re too thirsty for a superpower’s recognition - did we forget that Dr Adham was also mentioned, unflatteringly??  …
Fauci has done like 400 podcasts. Is anyone working? Is anyone in a fucking lab finding a vaccine? Fauci is like on My Favorite Murder. Can someone go to fucking work!
well, well, well....... Leaked emails show Dr. Fauci and wife donated $1200 to Hillary’s 2016 campaign and affectionate emails between Fauci and HRC  … via @pamelageller
Incredible letter from Martin Armstrong, financial forecaster... BOOM!! Names Fauci & WHO to blame... CDC, NIH & Gates implicated  too! Hoorah! 
The so called doctor who only wants to protect us from the China virus is 100% [DS]. His agenda wasn’t to help Americans, but quite the opposite. EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans”  …
HOW DID DR FAUCI GET AWAY WITH THIS 
Dr. Fauci says no. Dr. Birx says no. There is nowhere in the US where the number of new cases is trending down. Trump says US has 'passed the peak' of #coronavirus  …
5 things to know about reopening the U.S. economy from Dr. Anthony Fauci  
WHAT IS THE CONNECTION BETWEEN FAUCI AND CNN FAKE NEWS REPORTER ACOSTA WHY ARE THEY SIGNING TO EACHOTHER THINK BILL GATES ,WHO ,ROTHSHILDS,ROCKEFELLER,FORCED VACCINATIONS 
Fauci Says He’s ‘Dying’ To See The Nationals ‘Play Again,’ But It Might Not Be In Person  …
In private industry, if you forecast $20 million & came in with $2 million, you'd be looking for a new job. @realDonaldTrump tell Fauci & Birx; "You're Fired!" They can experience unemployment they've forced on US while we're forced to fund $9 Million  …
Fauci Said Going to ‘Malls, Movie Theaters, Gym’ Okay on Feb 29 
Tbh, Dr Anthony Fauci and Dr Noor Hisham faced the same daunting challenge. Stupid minister above them.  …
Except, that would violate all stay at home orders, right, Dr.? Dr. Fauci endorses Tinder hookups 'if you're willing to take a risk'  … via @nypost
FAUCI IN 2017 WAS HE PREDICTING OR PROMESING ?? 
EVERY BIT THIS! WHO, TEDROS, GATES, AIDS, GLOBAL INITIATIVE. HILLARY CLINTON OVERSAW USAID DURING THIS TIME COSTING TAXPAYERS HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS, WHILE SHE COLLECTED MILLIONS IN FEES. FAUCI & BIRX ARE IN WITH THIS UNHOLY ALLIANCE. @VP @SecPompeo @TomFitton  …
Since Fauci was using our money to fund the Wuhan lab in China, shouldn’t he also have known about the Corona viruses, and why didn’t Fauci work on getting a vaccine to protect us? Fauci and China have blood on their hands. #CoronaTaskForce
EXCLUSIVE: Robert F Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshells on Dr. Fauci For Medical Cover Ups and Fraud; Fauci “Poisoned an Entire Generation of Americans” Described as a "workplace tyrant who ruined many doctor's careers." @realDonaldTrump @VP @DUTnews @QBlueSkyQ  …
BREAKING: #Kennedy EXPOSES DR. FAUCI'S ROLE IN CREATING HIGHLY INFECTIOUS MUTANT STRAIN OF CORONAVIRUS  #Agenda21 #BillGates #CrimesAgainstHumanity #DrFauci #Event201 #GatesOfHell #GreatAwakening #MAGA #Microchipping #Pedophilia #RFKJr #Wuhan #WWG1WGA
How many days until Fauci gets replaced by Dr Steve Brule 
Dr. Anthony Fauci: Sports Will Only Return This Summer If Fans Are Banned  …
Can some big Minister take some load off DG Hisham shoulders by 1)Ensuring more than enuff PPE? 2)Giving him bigger Covid testing capacity? And less meetings & briefings so that he will have more time to focus on his work. Fauci USA mentioned of unnecessary distractions too
"If I had been able to just make a  and then go to work, that would have really been much better." Here some of Dr. Anthony  on the White House #coronavirus 
And what did #DonChubby do? He let 30,000 Americans suffer and die because he refused to take action If Fauci/NIH knew in mid-late January, then #DonChubby knew too Willful intent to not take action to save American lives, a criminal action He might as well have given them 
Are Fauci and Schumer married to trannies? 
"As soon as it became clear that there  spread ... then it became clear that we were in real trouble," says Dr. Fauci. "That was probably towards the middle to end of January.” 
Kellyanne Conway to CBS's Paula Reid: "Paula, I don't know what's happened to you. You've changed. I don't know why you are in the briefing room screaming at Anthony Fauci and the president of the United States. I frankly think it's  
Anthony fauci has been different from any other prominent official Donald Trump has dealt with in his time as president The difference is that Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, is not afraid  …
11/ Baseball in 2020? Hope so (esp for my son Doug; does Moneyball @braves). In @vanityfair intervu  Fauci addresses it (& lots else). His verdict: Let’s Play ball! Start July 4, sans fans. Economics might be dicey for @MLB, but would be a huge salve for 
WOW! Dr. Fauci Admits He and Dr. Birx Were the Two 'Experts' Who Persuaded Trump to Kill the Economy with Their Garbage Predictions of 2.2 Million Deaths!  … via @gatewaypundit
Dr. Fauci responds to petition to make him Sexiest Man Alive  
Gingrich says Trump is guided by his instincts & advice from Dr Fauci & Dr Birx. Trump's instinct has zero science, zero fact backing it & is based on him wanting high stock market prices. His instinct to deny Covid19 has caused >27,500 deaths  …
DR. FAUCI wants to see the World Champs play again Full interview:  … EXCERPT from @DeezNats (this is the part you want to hear) 
White House health chief Dr Fauci raises hopes for return of professional sport in US -- but says it will have to be without spectators  
Fauci on petition to make him Sexiest Man Alive: "Where were you when I was 30?"  
Between Fauci and Cuomo, this was a significant day for those who favor MLB’s Arizona contingency. Two officials who have generally garnered public trust on the pandemic are now on record as open to playing.
What's the real story about @realDonaldTrump and Dr. Fauci? This week's "Breakdown" of major news stories:  …
as US media lead Trump on the warpath against the Wuhan Institute, sleuths have discovered that leading Wuhan bat coronavirus scientist Shi Zhengli worked hand-in-glove with US scientists, with funding by Fauci's NIH. Crazy links.  
Discrediting Dr. Fauci in a pandemic is beyond stupid. MIT should be ashamed their IVY is associated with this crap. 
As Dr. Fauci told ⁦ @NorahODonnell⁩, the key to the next phase is testing and that’s not looking good: Despite Promises, Testing Delays Leave Americans ‘Flying Blind’(via @Pocket) 
Yes @KellyannePolls! Saw Mon. briefing &as former reporter mortified-disgusted-OFFENDED how “reporter” chick @PaulaReidCBS spoke to Pres.-Then suggested Fauci defended Pres. bc FORCED! F rightfully snapped “Don’t even suggest such a thing!” Kellyanne WAY nicer n I’dve been #tcot
tfw you’re trying to explain to the public that Dr. Fauci isn’t a political figure and is literally just trying to help people stay safe and understand what’s going on #COVID 
Thank you, Dr. Fauci | Opinion  …
Where has Fauci been you ask??? 
Should DR FAUCI: STAY GO NOW! I say GO, bcos I'm running out of ppl, for whom to lose respect, as I have, for BIRX, NOW infected by trumpism. He'd be better off speaking DIRECTLY, to WE the PEOPLE, than being hobbled by Trump! What, says YOU? 
Fauci has his hand in everything related to mandatory shots. His evil plan is falling apart. People are finally waking up.
If politicians are angry at China, they should take it out on China. "What is not acceptable is shifting blame to public health leaders, such as Dr. Fauci, @CPHO_Canada @DrTedros , the director-general of the @WHO"  …
No Fauci in a couple of days. Anybody notice?
Thanks to a Connecticut  Dr. Anthony Fauci will soon have his very own plush likeness. 
The  advice given to @realDonaldTrump by Drs. Fauci and Birx turns out to be economically & socially so harmful and devastating, that we ought to start thinking about criminal prosecution of  "experts", who misled the US President & wasted taxpayers' money!
Republicans say Fauci "can no longer be one of the primary voices" in reopening economy  
2. Pelosi had  at the time about the Trump Admins response to virus. A reporter asked Pelosi, "is the federal gov doing enough to control this virus"? Pelosi responded, "I have confidence in Fauci at the NIH, who has even further confidence in what we’re doing."
SHOCK REPORT: Top Israeli Mathematician Claims COVID-19 Peaks After 40 Days With or Without Economic Lockdowns -- FIRE FAUCI AND BIRX!  … via @gatewaypundit
I am so proud to be a member of the @ImmunologyAAI. Read #AAI's letter to the President and Congress. "We therefore urge our national leaders and the public to continue to heed the advice of, and offer their full support to, Dr. Fauci..." #SupportFauci  …
Was just sent a video by a family member of some man saying Dr. Fauci isn’t credible because he “peddles the lie that HIV causes AIDS.” I was like, “First of all, EXCUSE ME?!”
I believe Trump wanted the country to know Fauci’s name... it is now a household name, and ppl are digging on his connections with Gates #qanon #GreatAwakening  …
It’s worse than I shared. Fauci is on the Leadership Council of the Global Vaccine Action Plan started by @gatesfoundation. Who authorized him to join this “collaboration?” This is how the people we never elected create Health Policy to force Mandated Medicine. 
#Gates & Co #COVID19 Vaccine Boosterism Ignores Significant #SARS Coronavirus Vaccine Risks Known for Over a Decade • @ChildrensHD  … Who benefits? Fauci Birx Billionaires Scientists? Looking to limit choices, control populations & make a financial killing.
Fauci on petition to make him Sexiest Man Alive: "Where were you when I was 30?"  
Are the American people smart enough to see through what's happening? Coronavirus deaths are too low to sustain fear & government control, so the CDC is helping states and localities pad their numbers. #NYC #coronavirus #covid19 @realdonaldtrump #CDC #Fauci  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci, a baseball fan, isn't giving up hope on a 2020 season  
Dr. Anthony Fauci on the "absolute thing" America needs before reopening the economy  
