"Impeachment Fart, UK Liberation, and Corona-project?" ft. Craig Mason 1/31/20  …
White people don’t even wash their assholes after using a single piece of dry one-ply toilet paper to wipe their ass after they shit and their bubonic plague asses wanna go berserk over any Asian person because of the corona virus
the people who are making  about the corona virus are the same people who made fun of my ethnic lunch when i was 5
I know the Corona virus has many people on edge, but this is NOT the time to falsely accuse any Asian on the streets that they have the virus and use that as an excuse to slander, assault, shove, and be racist towards one another.
Look no ones gotta be scared anymore a simple 4.99 Lysol can will protect you from The corona virus 
While CCP propagandizes the 20 “recovered” patients from corona virus please see how the infected that have died is handled in the streets. @SolomonYue @SenHawleyPress @robert_spalding #coronarvirus #CoronaOutbreak 
*Finally* some anti-corona virus measures at Hong Kong Airport this morning; a regular announcement on hygiene and declaring symptoms, as well as one hand sanitizer station after passport control. Still doesn’t seem like much though. 
as you can expect i am currently clutching a corona and crying about han in a bar
Updated list of #ScottyfromMarketing disasters: Drought Empty rivers Dead fish Coral bleeching Bushfires Dust storms Mass extinctions Extreme heat Mud rain Government mismanagement Welfare suicides Refugee suicides Dodgy apartments Corona virus #auspol
** BREAKING NEWS ** Corona virus detected in Santa Clara according to Santa Clara County Public Health Department. "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the man who lives somewhere in the county has the virus..."  
Corona beer changes it's name to avoid association with the corona virus outbreak 
This is why the corona virus exist 
if i catch corona virus i will simply release it
Whoa, has anyone noticed that coronavirus and Corona beer have the same root word (corona)?
Cba man, United risking bringing Corona virus to the UK just so they can bench Martial... man said next Henry someone hold me
It starting to look like the Corona virus is man-made. It turns out the virus contains 4 HIV-1 amino acids. thread  …
Where’s a fire hose full of Corona virus when you need one?  …
these whities have the AUDACITY to act racist because of the corona virus when their whole frickin ancestors brought the PLAGUE and wiped out sm indigenous people ... ok
Might be the AIDS genome in corona article
From Japan: New report 258 Dead/Corona Virus 11,350 Infected China requiring any female having ANY contact with public MUST Cut Off Pony Tail at once. Everyone stay safe & don’t depend on FAKE NEWS
Corona Virus is just another depopulation tactic
Suspended for telling too many truths about the corona virus
Rich people haven't yet started relocating to their secret islands. This shows Corona is still under control.
That Corona Virus is scary. I wish it woul go away. Have a nice weekend everyone. 
For those tracking the Corona Virus spread, heres the numbers and a handy map from Friday afternoon from the UK Daily Mail Newspaper. Lots of hand washing everyone and stay healthy and strong out there ! 
The Internet is so depressing. This week has been such a sh*t show. Pardon my language, but don't know how else to describe it. Corona virus pandemic. Visa bans. Impeachment hearings. Brexit. Etc.
put that shit in a bundle with some vicks vaporub and you have the cure to the corona virus  …
I REFUSE TO DIE FROM CORONA VIRUS
Non/fs but can ppl stop with Corona virus jokes? It’s not a joke people are in pain and btw over half the jokes have racist undertones so it’s very . You wouldn’t joke about someone dying from the flu so why is this any different
(Racist) People on this delta flight think I have corona virus because I’m coughing, crying and my eyes are red. No. I just saw Miss Americana by @taylorswift13 on Netflix. racist people get your life together!
Omg omg UK isn’t in Europe anymore, are we in Asia now?? what if we get Corona Virus
Yuge police presence outside of grand central. Heading inside to claim my free Corona
What do Chinese whistle blowers say about #Wuhan #coronarvirus? Chinese youtuber/political show host Mr. Lude said following: 1. China held military drill on Sep. 18th. Before the drill, officials of Hubei province was given a medicine can block corona virus. To be continued 
Corona virus ? a mere annoyance. The REAL virus the Libs need to deal with is the Photios, Kean, Zimmerman etc type
Ighalo, Nigerian Eagle , AFCON top scorer, Ice Cold Finisher, Corona Virus couldn't touch him, Baller, Sauce King, Solskjaer’s Hero, EPL defenders have families, Igbo R9, Clear of Bumcazette. Ighalo FC, we are eating good. 
Kurdish  more contagious than corona virus
worried about the corona virus? here’s a short thread :) 
Corona said "Imma ruin you cunt"  …
If anyone was wondering..... “Medicine Balls” from Starbucks won’t cure Corona Virus
Me and my homies when our  release the coronavirus (corona = crown => king) to annihilate the Alpha Draconis. 
Y'all, the College of Charleston has it figured out. This was the first seminar I've ever given where I was provided Corona to drink while lecturing. They are on the next level and we need to learn their ways. (Not to mention all the top tier urban/regional/public people!)
comparing annual flu deaths to corona virus deaths is some real negative IQ shit. take the next step & think critically beyond "1 NUMBER BIG, 1 NUMBER SMALL" ppl out here could witness the start of a literal zombie apocalypse and be all "well ackshually it's only 12 ppl so far"
Odion Ighalo FC is officially open. Membership forms go on sale tomorrow & exercise runs till February ending. Ice cold, Corona virus never stood a chance. Ighalo about to end families
Will I ever get to go on my honeymoon! Dennis told me we should change our japan trip to another time bc of the corona virus
Oooh my little coughing one, my coughing one, when you gonna give me some time corona... Oh you make my sinus run my sinus run, got  from China corona... #coronarvirus
Breaking: number of Corona virus cases surpasses 10K with 258 deaths. First suspected case in New York City and first confirmed case in Spain. Unconfirmed reports that the virus contains insertion of HIV sparking the fears it could be a bioweapon that leaked from Wuhan laboratory
Ighalo, Came from Nigeria, Given no chance by his own fans both at home and in England, AFCON top scorer, Ice Cold Finisher, Corona Virus couldn't touch him, Baller, Sauce King, Favor over Labor Philosopher, EPL defenders have families. Ighalo FC we are eating Jollof 
Americans Need to relax about the #Coronavirus. Just sit back and drink yourself a corona because of right now it’s not an emergency to the American people.  
not white oomf calling the corona virus THE CABRONA VIRUS
Santa Clara County Public Health confirming novel corona virus case in adult male who recently returned home from China. He was self isolated at home and came in contact with “very few individuals when he returned home,” according to Health Officer Dr. Sara Cody. 
#coronarvirus This whole Corona Virus thing is way to close to the start of a zombie movie for my liking ! I say we all pop down the Winchester for a cold one and wait for the whole thing to blow over . . . 
Imagine if everyone was as scared of global warming as they were of getting the corona virus.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) in battling the coronavirus  #Healthcare #Virus #Corona @eletimes @DrFerdowsi @DioFavatas  @godfrey_rono @archonsec @JGrobicki @dak970 @stanleychen0402 @pierrepinna
that gucci mask isn’t gonna save u from corona virus but you’re gonna look sick when u die
Before Corona Virus After Corona Virus 
good news everyone my mom told me if I just write this specific prayer on a very thin piece of paper & then *literally swallow it* I will not get the corona virus
using “it’s just a funny meme” as justification for literal discrimination against asian ppl, ESPECIALLY chinese ppl, bc of the corona virus isn’t cute or slick.. it’s not a joke. you’re just racist! still discriminating! not something you should even ATTEMPT to joke about anyway
Whoa #coronarovirus #corona 
Allah saves the souls suffering from corona virus, and gives the solution for it. Ameen ♡
"NO THE HECKIN' SONG'S NAME IS 'MY SHARONA' NOT 'MY CORONA'! A ONE HIT WONDERINO FROM 1979 DIDN'T PREDICT THE CORONA VIRUS!" "Mmmmymymymymy Corona!" 
Why do I see some boring Gas Mask on the avis? Reply to get the corona Gucci Gas Mask imo 
Back in my day, the Corona virus was called a hangover....to build up a tolerance and strengthen your immune system, we are selling Corona bottles for $2.50. 
USA declared public health emergency over corona virus and would deny entry to foreign nationals, who travelled in China within last 14 days.
i think my hot take is that the corona virus is some how linked to bitcoin.
plot twist: the corona virus is just another form of population control
so... the corona virus was engineered ?
It’s Corona Time! #coronarovirus 
Want a chinese, don’t want corona
what if the cure to the corona virus is trapped in the mind of a gamer
Stay away from the Corona beer! I don’t trust  you might get the virus!!! 
rebecca acting as if wallace gave her corona virus on toast 
Kurdish Islamist Imam said:“ im ready to treat Chinese people to recover from Corona virus with Quranic verses“. He also said I treated many ppl to recover from AIDS“ He also drinks camel‘s Urin with milk 
I honestly thought the Corona virus was so much worse than it actually is purely because of the fear mongering. It's a virus your body can fight off easily and only results in pneumonia in some, which only kills if you if your health is already impaired.
the flu kills 500 people a year in NZ but most people still don't get a flu shot AND YET you're being racist to people in shopping malls and criticising all the governments because there isn't a novel corona vaccine yet? get out of my face Maureen
First case of updog at corona university
First corona virus now a chihuahua sized rat, this campus has it all. 
Team talking abt corona is racist vs. team coronavirus is Chinese weaponized AIDS
Corona beer changes its name to avoid any confusion with the Chinese Coronavirus. 
He’s probably going to infect the squad with Corona virus knowing us
You can blame today's 700 point drop in the Dow on the corona virus if you want. But the truth is that it is down because the Senate Republicans have just tossed the US Constitution out the window. Presidents no longer have to follow the rules. A dictatorship has been born.
He just escaped corona and got caught by United fans
After hard work  and Spaicy Project. I will take vacations in Japan for 2 weeks! I hope corona virus doesn't attack me! I will be uploading photos and videos soon! PS: If someone in Japan wants to meet, and grab a coffie or something, send me a PM 
People think I got corona the way I just can’t wait to be King
I’m flying today with a horrible allergy and I’m doing overtime trying to assure people that I don’t have corona virus.
Schiffert after diagnosing me with Corona Virus 
why am I hearing Neil Warnock just said that Ighalo is only going Man Utd to avoid the Corona Virus this deadline day as officially PEAKED
My friend in China is feeling slightly ill, he’s got a case of Corona Lite.
THIS JUST IN CHINA'S POOL IS -LITERALLY- CLOSED DUE TO CORONA-AIDS IT'S A GENETICALLY ENGINEERED CROSSBREED  …
practicing how imma fight off the corona virus 
Jamaica has issued a travel ban on travel to and from China following the move by the @WHO to declare the Corona virus a Global Health Emergency. 
would be quite Man Utd to cause an outbreak of the corona virus  …
The Corona virus has snippets of HIV/Aids virus proteins in it...wow..that’s why they have been using HIV treatments to treat the virus..that’s wild..y’all better wake up they planned for this and created this virus
Ighalo would have been a Manchester United player if he was in Europe at the minute. Ole and United still pushing for it to happen but time is running out with the player across the ocean and might take extra hours to get cleared off (Corona virus )
My boss just guilt tripped me into laughing at a meme on her phone to try and impress the young ppl it was fake corona beer tweet saying they have nothing to do with virus Please shoot me
My aunty send me some Whatsapp video. Ebe about Corona virus and things. I spy like 10 seconds wey I delete am. Right now she say make I send give my mommy. Idk where I go get the video from. I no fit tell am say I del too
The koko about this Odion Ighalo transfer: 1. Who go pay hin huge salary? 2. Hope say e no get Corona Virus #MUFC 
Whilst other countries are evacuating their citizens from China, setting up response teams to monitor the corona virus Zimbabwe is publishing long ass messages about standing in solidarity with China through this corona virus. I just-
«Corona»virus. Ge, ge, ge.  …
Idk why the corona  out and now ppl wanna talk about covering your mouth when you cough. THAT SHOULDVE ALREADY BEEN A COMMON FUCKN COURTESY. Nasty Asses.
Friendly reminder that now is the time to start havin’ “severe stomach issues” or “possible Corona Virus” at work so you won’t look obvs hungover when you take Monday off after the Supes, you guys.
Before Corona Virus. After Corona Virus. 
Kobe. Corona virus. Brexit. And we're just rounding up January.
CDC states The Flu is a BIGGER threat than the Corona virus... who would have thought... lol.. wow. 
If you make racist jokes about asians because of the corona virus I will unfollow or block you, fuck off with your disgusting racism
I’m going to try to sum up the situation regarding the corona virus issue in Japan as of Saturday morning local time. (thread) As of this writing there are 16 confirmed cases. No fatalities.
Amid panic about the Corona virus & Brexit the government is free of any scrutiny on their domestic policy. Remember it is the Conservatives & their austerity which are the proven threat to the British public. #coronavirusuk  …
*Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* 
Communist China is always lying about figures and statistics. The Corona virus is way more grave than they make it seem. Is The True Number Of Coronavirus Victims Far Larger Than We Are Being Told? | Zero Hedge  …
why is ameenex appearing on tv every midnight for corona briefing. he rambling without answering a single question properly or finishing a single sentence. madness when people so ready to panic. eyna baalabala he is very incoherent and will provoke further panic.
♫ When ya gonna kill us all, kill us all? Such pretty virus, such a pretty pretty virus. My, my, my Corona. My Corona ♫
Who has corona virus and wants to chill I have had about enough
Pakistan should do an #OperationSwiftRetort 2.0. Step 1: Claim that no humans have caught the corona virus. Only some trees were infected. Step 2: Call a meeting of the NCA.  …
thinking about this.. i feel touched like i heard anothergroups doing fs event too but fans isnt allowed to touch theartist bc the corona issue. Meanwhile sepgu.they‘re the first one that gave their hands to fans to hold them or even onlyhitouch.They really risked their health
Corona Virus and you as body/mind are a blip, a flicker in eternity -not even a trillionth of a trillionth of a nano second snapshot in non local being- your true self  …
Whenever I hear "coronavirus", I think of how The Rhythm of Night by Corona spread around the world,  a top 10 hit in 14 countries.
u know what goes well w corona virus? lime disease
Everything about this Corona Virus outbreak seems apocalyptic. Just the thought of 35 million people quarantined, more than 10 cities shut off from the world is quite crazy. This will be a story for the generations   …
When the corona virus is being described as a plague and then u realise that the first plague outbreak was 1820 and the second was 1920 and we are currently in 2020
Why do we get everything late in Malta? Even the corona virus hasn't arrived here yet
I know that the corona virus is scary for many of us but have you heard about the flu???
We now have the first case of Corona virus in Sweden. And Italy has announced a state of emergency after there was several confirmed cases.
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new 
China ones said ''Niqaab'' is banned , now all are wearing mask same as ''Niqaab''. (Fear of Corona virus) Power Of ALLAH 
Liberal in 2020: "Those stupid Europeans in 1348, dying of the plague because their medieval science couldn't save them!" > Proceeds to die of the corona virus because he thinks closing borders would be racist.
Kind of terrified by the levels of cuckery we'll see when the corona virus hits. Liberals coughing up blood while chastising you for making a joke about wonton soup.
area con man who is unwilling to discuss 2020 capex estimates for the  he runs, more than happy to opine on corona virus -  …
Most corona-viruses spread the same way other cold-causing viruses do: through infected people coughing and sneezing, by touching an infected person's hands or face, or by touching things such as doorknobs that infected people have touched. 
8000 died from Flu this season in the  to 170 for corona worldwide. The death rate for MERS was 30%. SARS 10 % and coronavirus 2% -4 % so far. So corona is not the deadliest virus, there is no need to panic, but do wash hands and avoid crowds.  …
I'm so concerned about the corona virus... I mean it's still not in my country but I feel like it's a damn zombie apocalypse... It's spreading so fast, and more people are dying every day.
This kills corona virus, how the fuck did they know abt this virus in 2019 
people in argentina b like who doesnt like birra??? bitch you’re worried about the wrong corona
A baby infected by Corona virus in wuhan, China. Pray for all of us, which are in China. 
New Video - I've been getting lots of messages  from you asking if I'm ok. I am. But let's talk about the corona virus in China.  
Today as the UK is leaving the EU, 1st case of corona virus was recoded in York. It just goes to show how pointless is investing energy in building borders! The only way out is building international collaboration.
China just built 57 floors new hospital special for virus Corona  the 16 hours finished the first floors.19 days finished 57 floors hospital include the water and electric power and all hospital equipment. @narendramodi @LambaAlka #Budget2020 
"It's only when the tide goes out that you find who has the Corona Virus." -Warren Buffett
(Maria’s sister here)As you can tell.. Maria wasn’t active on this acc for while.. if you wanna know what happened here’s story.. she started saying that she cant breathe and that her throat is really hurting her how to tell.. she had corona virus.. 27.02.2007-30.01.2020
My new classmate is Chinese and it hurt my heart when she introduced herself and said that she didn't have the Corona virus to reassure us She's literally so sweet, y'all racist and mean
when the corona virus gets confirmed in ur country 
y'all are blatantly racist about the corona virus and blaming east asians for "eating bats" as if the western meat industry isn't responsible for mad cow disease being fatally spread to humans AND antibiotic resistant bacteria from meat consumption i don't want to hear 
Corona is a neighborhood in Queens 
Has anyone here laughed at any Corona Virus joke posted by these PL bums?
During the Black Death, responses varied wildly.  response was to just have one gigantic hedonistic orgy. Just in case Corona Virus gets bad, seems like a good idea. I can't, however, get my wife to sign off on that one.
Zimbabwe Government is ready to assist China if Zimbabwe is hit by the Corona virus and the cure was said to be " clean drinking water", the whole country would perish  …
If someone with Lyme disease gets Corona virus they are in for a bad —but delicious— time.
Whilst I have no wish for York to  epicentre of an outbreak of Corona Virus, if it did mean us going into lock down and I had to work at home for a couple of weeks I think I could probably live with it
Be like this Corona Virus don enter Africa o! What's our government doing? 
Just in time to reassure his base, Trump will expand his Muslim ban to six more countries. This is not related to the corona virus outbreak. They are expected to be mostly African countries.  …
Didja know some folks are wondering if they can catch the coronavirus from drinking Corona beer? Seriously. Look it up. The bigger issue is: how does one drink their Corona beer while wearing a medical mask?
#BoycottChineseProduct Request all friends & family to Boycott Chinese products to avoid Corona Virus. It can infect you in every manner. We also demand US GOVT. to block trade amd import from China ASAP.
Me watching everyone get the Corona Virus from the safety of my Quarantine Bubble 
Everyone : hope 2020 will be a decent year 2020: WW3 , Corona Virus, Brexit , and Australia on fire within 30 days
Wow. I expected corona virus to be deadly. But I didn't expect it to uncover how many thousands of you on Twitter were just looking for a reason to sh!t on asians. If I see one  or insinuation of BTS with corona virus, its on sight.
Thank you Kath and DJ!! despite the corona outbreak, you still stay with us and grant for photo op!! THANK YOU TALAGA! Depsite having no perfect photo with you, ny heart is still overflowing with joy and love! 
Entire world to scientists: kuch toh corona plis
My people!!! Don't be afraid of corona virus, it won't last long because it's made in China. ‍‍‍
Call me crazy/ insensitive, but deadass I have a crazy feeling that this corona virus outbreak was planned by the gov... We are overpopulated, and they have been saying this for YEARS. All I’m saying is wash your MF HANDS, & COVER YOUR COUGH.
He is a doctor. This is the moment before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Loved ones. " Allah Bless You " 
Happy birthday to one of Louis’s closest friends—and a fellow Queens resident—the great cornetist, Bobby Hackett, pictured here in 1959 with Louis and another close friend and Corona neighbor, Dizzy Gillespie! 
Yo can I get my corona virus w/ a lime
my sister is a doctor and had contact with someone who is a possible case of corona virus. the chances she has it are really small she says. but she's quarantined rn, and i wanna cry.
Corona Virus The only Chinese product that lasted over three days
Cunt must’ve had too many Corona’s  …
One of my friends asked me ki Corona se bachne k liye kyaa karein toh I told him ki bro saans lena chhod de sabse best hai, ab voh mera phone nai utha raha guys.
Why is China shifting Corona virus patients to Uyghar?
so whoever that still wants to have beef with dogs, I will cough corona unto thy face without hesitation.
Corona  round da corner 
today i walked past some yt ppl who YELLED OUT ‘corona virus’ bc i was wearing a face mask ???? and i literally told him that their ancestors were all convicts with scurvy and they said sorry lmao that’s right fck you
Look how big the police escort is for this corona virus 
this is probably the best thing the Corona marketing team could’ve hoped for after Dry January tbh
Doctors diagnosed me with corona virus, but I cured myself with one simple trick… the pharmaceutical industry hates me! Check my pinned tweet to see what I did!
Corona is critical issue bukan benda main main and I rasa patut je semua concert kita postpone or cancel je. Health is our concern now
My twitter is full of beef over a car and I’m sick of it can we go back to making jokes and takin the piss about how we’re all gonna die in ww3 or by the corona virus now pls
Was gonna order a mask to protect my self from this corona virus but turns out that’s also made in China
ain’t this how the corona virus started??  …
Ebola: Ignoring Nutrition & Playing Politics. Don’t let the #Corona story overshadow the #ebola playbook. NOTHING is as it seems. If you’re taking current events at #facevalue, you’re missing the actual #agenda #WHO  …
Dear @PGO_MV and @PoliceMv Please prosecute people who spread false information about the Corona virus. The whole nation could go into panic.
me staying away from the corona virus but having to stan ariana at the same time 
Corona Virus arriving at a new country 
All joking and ridicule aside: this corona virus crisis strikingly shows, that the shoes of a president are way too large for a countryside mobster like Duterte. He is lacking leadership, format and determination. He is % wrong in his position. Catastrophic!
I need this suit for the corona virus out in the air  …
Jake out here wiping out the UK faster than the corona virus 
First case of Corona virus in Sweden confirmed  
Jazzy’s copped the corona light dice roll again 
Treating Pakistanis in China like our own amid corona epidemic: Wang Yi #ARYNews  …
Today: January 31, 2020 -Trump close to being acquitted -Brexit taking place -Corona Virus declared global emergency by WHO & shuts down China’s markets -XRP named in Congress Everything is normal... 
Yesterday @RollingStone tweeted that @Qanons were advising people to drink bleach to counter the new Corona Virus - I reported this tweet to the Twat and they said it was perfectly acceptable! Please keep this in mind if one of those idiots out there drinks bleach - I Warned!
English: do it Urdu: Corona
scientists have finally revealed the now seemingly obvious cure to the corona virus: a nice big glass of water before bedtime
We are up in arms about the corona virus, and we were up in arms about Ebola,  have only killed a few people...but we are okay with abortion, which has killed nearly 62 million people. I’m confused.
Republic TV is as contagious as Corona Virus . Beware of it , get Ur self protected from it by unsubscribe it from your TV menu
. So what I get from these deltas... 1: Have a Corona. 2: Smoke a Joint. 3: Witness Q do there work.  
He is a doctor. This is the moment, before he leaves his wife to Wuhan, treat corona virus patient. This is a corona virus suicide mission and many of these brave doctors and nurses  back to their Love once. " Allah Bless You " #كورونا #coronarovirus 
The sidewalk preacher is talking about the Corona virus today... “when  to Bermuda...” a lady says “STFU & pray about it”
BREAKING NEWS: Naa nay napasahan ug corona sa Cabadbaran! Congratulations JANNARIE ZARSOZO, for winning Miss Cabadbaran 2020!!! FSUU-JPIA indeed is the home of the queens!!! 
The conspiracy theory that scientists in labs must have created the new corona virus both greatly oversells our own abilities and severely underestimates the prevalence of natural virus evolution.
This is really sad and I can’t believe I have to say this. But for those in the back: Just because someone looks Asian, does NOT mean they’ve ever been to Asia, are from China, automatically have Corona virus. This virus does not discriminate by skin color.  …
OMG The bus driver taking U.K. citizens from Wuhan to quarantine has not got a face mask on! What the hell us going on @BorisJohnson @DominicRaab this is a  of errors with corona virus #coronavirusuk putting the whole U.K. at 
Sweden's first case of the Corona Virus has been diagnosed in Jönköping in the south of the country, the Public Health Agency of Sweden has just announced.  …
Corona virus deaths so far: 213 Flu deaths so far this season: 8,200 Flu deaths 2017-2018: 61,000 Just a little perspective for those freaking out. Heard a couple yesterday at dinner say it’s been 5,000 so far. It has not. Wash your hands, be smart.
Here are flyers we made for Corona Virus awareness and prevention in Bangladeshi. If anyone wants to make prints & display at cyber cafes, hotels or other areas, please feel free to do so. The more awareness the better. @HPA_MV @maldivianrc 
Like Thursday, Friday's Heroes are also wearing Stripes & Wings Amitabh Singh,ED, Operations Kamal Mohan, Commander Sanjay Achalkar, First Officer SH Reza, Commander Bhupesh Narain, First Officer #corona 
Some Facts To Calm You: 1. Mortality rate of #CoronaVirus is 2%. Meaning for every 100 people infected only 2 can die 2. Mortality rate of #CommonFlu is 1% 3. Mortality rate of #SARS virus of 2003 was 9.6%. 500 times more than Corona. But 2003 had no #Twitter to create panic
McDonald’s sprite would probably kill the corona virus in one sip
Everyone could use a good laugh on Friday! Girlfriend frantically pours bottles of CORONA away apparently claiming they spread Coronavirus in bizarre video  …
Transfer deadline day and Newcastle have brought in Corona Virus. Currently having a medical as we speak. Virus will wear the famous number 9 shirt
The best way to protect yourself from Corona virus 
There is no evidence that bats are responsible for the origin and spread of the corona virus. This article presents the facts #CoronavirusOutbreak #bats #ZoonoticDiseases  
he got this kind of Corona Virus 
the corona virus  for me, i know it, i have weak lungs and i love tangled so,
The first uk city to be infected by the #coronavirus is my city newcastle I'm selling these xrp Corona virus face masks... get them fast before they run out 
The corona virus entering the UK 
Corona virus is the perfect argument against open borders!
Corona virus who? 
"If the (corona)virus enters these countries then it is going to be much more difficult to control. They need to be supported with health expertise and funding,” says Tom Davis, World Vision's Global Health and Nutrition Lead. Full statement:  
Someone from Wuhan was at the Saitama, Osaka and Nagoya Queen+Adam Lambert concerts. She departed Wuhan before the quarantine started. If you are at the same concerts, pls pay attention, seek the doctors if you have the symptoms of the corona virus. #queen 
Buhle & I are the ONLY people in this airport not wearing surgical masks. Ingathi we bwl the corona.
@MisterAntiBully new study shows that corona may be able to be passed on AFTER you have recovered and BEFORE you show symptoms.  … but it is just a bad flu you guys. p.s. current ppl dead 213. current ppl recovered 187. but its just the flu guys!!!
3 suspected cases of corona virus in tamilnadu. One in chennai. Nothing to panick, all three under observation ! - @Vijayabaskarofl .
A team of 1475 doctors, finally find the origin of Corona Virus 
Even tho they're facing this racism and fear along with this corona virus, there are still Chinese people who helps at this time of outbreak, please don't spread hatred towards them, they're still human, let's help each other, let's not allow fear bring forth hatred and racism. 
A Gujarati medical student came back from Corona virus hit China in time before travel restrictions were in place. She says there are at least 300 Gujarat students in China and thousands of Indians. What’s Indian Govt doing to help them evacuate? Nothing  …
To understand the full corona virus agenda, you have to look at the ID020 plan which is part of the proposed vaccine.  …
if corona virus hit New York we’d really be in trouble cus people are fucking disgusting especially in the city
Indian Army medical facilities may not be as luxurious as private hospitals, but when you are alone, afraid and defenceless, know this...a soldier will hold your hand and fight the storm for you. Army creates a facility in Manesar for Corona Virus  in from China. 
My guy started sneezing after drinking beer. My other friend goes, “Corona Virus - get it”. .....Nobody laughed
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . 
3 suspected cases of Corona Virus from Tiruvannamalai,Krishnagiri &Chennai is not confirmed by health officials & are under observation. #TNHealth is fully equipped &alert.Request the public to avoid panicking and extend your cooperation.Stay connected for updates. #nCoV2019 #CVB
Sure sign of intellectual apocalypse in the U.S. - Corona Beer associated with Coronavirus - Business Insider, 29Jan2020 - Renew suspicion of Chinese Restaurants in U.S. - Washington Post 30Jan2020 How surprising in a country where 62,979,879 "adults" voted for a career criminal?
China just built a 57 floored new hospital especially for virus Corona patients . In just 16 hours they finished the first few floors . In 19 days they finished all 57 floors hospital including water supply and electricity gods must crazy u know 
[PLS RT] i will be opening donations for the coronavirus and all $$will be made to Wenzhou Red Cross Society under Winwin's name. wenzhou is winwin's hometown, it is unheard of but currently wenzhou is ranked #5 in cities in china with 172 cases of corona virus as of 30/1. + 
Please find audio of Corona Virus prevention and symptoms in Bangladeshi  …
For all the people who are being seriously ott & stressing about the corona virus, make yourself aware of what it actually is first and how to help yourself #coronavirus 
The impact of corona virus is now of a size where it is beginning to look recessionary even in the US. Chinese numbers are likely to be horrible as  out over  weeks.  …
Everyone is worried about Corona virus but not Abdul. Corona virus spreads through human contact only. Abdul is in contact with goats.
I suggest that Jaati Umra & Bilawal House be used to house the Corona virus Evacuees from China .. Maryam and Bilawal can Nurse them ..
I had this for over two month now since I buy them in pack of 4 they last me a pretty good time. NOW, I thought the #coronavirus was something N E W but found on this Clorox wipes it says it  “CORONA VIRUS” Explain Im confused?! 
Which would your rather? Prove you’re anti racism by getting the corona-virus or wear a mask?
This is how the new deadly corona virus looks like. Source: The University of Hong Kong 
In a month that saw “WW3” scares, brexit, megxit, and corona ... stocks are STILL ending the month positive  that the only thing that will break stocks is Bernie Sanders
Le corona has arrived | u/nibbabro345 |  
80,000 people die from the flu and you still refuse to get your flu shot every year but ~corona virus~ has 200 deaths and 6 cases in the US and y’all are acting like this is the plague.
Send her this - the corona virus is killing Muslims too!   …
[INFO] NCT Dream’s Hi-Touch in Osaka on the 4th February 2020 has been postponed due to the corona virus and health risk of attendees. 
The last SWS flash poll shows that President Duterte now has a 117% approval because his excellent handling of the corona virus crisis.
Did the government/media make a fuss out of the Corona virus so you all forgot it was brexit day today?
We should stop all contacts with China. The Corona virus is dangerous. Furthermore, that way we also get to stop paying their debt. 
The whole country: Do something about Corona Virus. Ibu Solih: 
Botswana registered its first ever suspected case of corona virus on the 30th January 2020. The suspected case was registered at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport upon arrival using Ethiopian Airways from China. 
The source of the Corona virus is unconfirmed, but Muslims are sharing videos of chinese eating rats and calling them filthy? Why haven't we shared videos of French ppl eating snails & called them filthy? Muslims are saying the virus is a punishment from Allah for... /1
Corona virus hits the UK from china in a few days meanwhile an ebay order still takes 3 weeks shipping, love to see it. #coronavirusuk
Wuhan Nurse reveals the truth of Corona Virus. Keep safe everyone! (ctto) 
corona virus!! doesn't give!! ANYONE!! an excuse!! to be racist!! to asians!!
Corona Virus talking to you in Hindi... Enjoy... The actor is a stand  Dr Jagadish Chaturvedi, ENT specialist. - WA 
The Corona Virus has spread to Newcastle that's just great 
Everyone laughs at us gamers for being gamers but don’t realize we have corona immunity cause we don’t go outside
RE: Corona virus is an enormous demand shock. YES! Correct! I live in Shanghai, China. Everything is shut down, people are not leaving their homes. The whole country! This is not analogous to SARs 2003. China is far bigger and the global economy is more connected. 
How the Corona Virus started 
Corona Declared Global Emergency The Same Day As Brexit  …
WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN...? With just ONE confirmed case of Corona virus, #OustDuterte hash  trending, what more when it  an epidemic because of Duterte administration's negligence? He might really be ousted & #DuterteOusted hash might trend. This is not impossible.
the corona virus has a 2% mortality rate y'all have NO excuse to be racist on my timeline ur kebda sandwich has a higher chance of killing u
China Once said "Niqaab" is banned Now all are wearing mask same as "Niqaab" (fear Of Corona virus) Power Of Allah 
corona viris isnt an excuse to be racist
These days I feel like a Corona virus stan account.
Panelo: “The President is not religious but weekends are sacred. For that reason he will meet with medical professionals not before Monday to discuss the Corona virus. Not before Monday afternoon, of course, because the President likes to sleep long.”
What better way to learn more about the Corona Virus but through internet's favorite doctor @RealDoctorMike 
An ex-colleague's WhatsApp status. She is well educated but firmly believes Corona virus is Allah's hit job on China, for offending him! 
y’all  at me for not going outside all you want but you’re the ones that have to worry about the corona virus not me
The Uk letting corona virus in the country but not lil Durk
so i know you all follow me because i’m hilarious and my meat is stupid huge, and being white may lead you to believe that i vibe with whatever bullshit you’re spouting, but if you think racism/xenophobia against asian people is ok or funny because of corona then unfollow me
Coincidence na ba na pinalabas ang block z in the amids of corona virus. Anyway i just love watching zombie movies and this the first time they created a fil-zombie movie. I mean pwedeng pwede sobrang angas. Sobrang angas din ng credits sa huli hahaha
When you put on a mask to protect yourself from Corona Virus and suddenly notice it's “Made in China” 
Me before infected by corona virus vs. after Im infected 
Medical experts in China, America and world top class universities: Corona Virus is transforming its phenotype and DNA transfection patient to patient, it is impossible to create an antidote at current stage. Muslims in Pakistan: 
Kohli in Last 2 Matches defended > 9 runs of 6 balls > 7 runs of 6 balls If it was Dhoni's captaincy , his fans with that elevation and rant's would have caused twitter Corona virus
A baby infected with corona virus #coronarovirus 
Corona Virus is moving fast.Please God save us from this one.We already have many problems in Africa. 
my dad really be an abusive alcoholic while there's a deadly outbreak, bro you worried about the wrong corona
Dear UK, I tweeted this as a Joke but clearly Alex is so desperate for friends he actually ate it. Sorry you all have Corona Virus now!  …
A most unexpected question in the clinic re the corona virus: Doc, what lipstick should we use so it doesn’t smudge onto our masks? Pls help me answer? Mine smudges. #nCov
Skynews: ''The first cases of 'killer' Corona Virus''. Yes they REALLY just said that... Millennial snowflakes - turn the sound up, you will just love this. While the number of cases continues to rise, the mortality rate is dropping - a rate of 2.2%.
This is the cause of the corona virus, china needs to stop eating everything that walks, china needs standards.
the corona virus didn’t happen for an excuse for everyone to be racist against us, chinese. this is not funny to me and labelling chinese people as “sick” makes me so mad??
The corona virus is good for Bitcoin, obviously. People dying means keys lost forever means Bitcoins lost forever. This means shrinking supply, and because in the magic world of Bitcoin, demand doesn’t matter, something something moon!!!
Corona virus a result of China's bio-warfare experiment, says Israeli biological warfare analyst  … via @eOrganiser
CORONA VIRUS is not a joke, God please protect my family, friends and also humanities.
Woke up to - Jake Paul winning - Corona Virus in UK - My dog has shit on my floor - My other dogs shit on my floor aswell What a shit start to this Friday
Australia: Bushfire Barazil: Floods China: Corona Virus Pakistan: Tik-tok What’s happening in this World?
Kon irakun hey suspected corona virus patient ge test results libeny
Well if we’re all going to die of Corona Virus we might as well go out with a bang! Extra hard partying today to celebrate Brexit. I feel sorry for remoaners though it’s usually the weak & feeble who get infected first. Bless them poor souls.
ion wanna hear none of u f*gs talking abt corona virus when y'all be getting raw dogged off poppers by "HostMasc4RN" from grindr in the back of his prius
i’ve only really seen memes and negativity from other artist on social media about the corona virus. china needs your support just as much as any other country that was going through something terrible.
I see there’s two cases of corona been found in the UK To soon? 
[INFO] Glorious Entertainment announced that #JiChangWook "Waiting For You" FM In Seoul on Feb 15 will be postponed due to Coronavirus. Glorious Entertainment mengumumkan FM #JiChangWook "Waiting For You" In Seoul yang rencananya digelar 15 Feb ditunda krn virus Corona. 
Agreed, but a few episodes of #TangledTheSeries do kinda represent holidays in Corona style for instance: "Queen for a day" represents winter holidays since there's snow in it. "The Wrath of Ruthless Ruth" would represent Halloween, and "Under Raps" for Valentine's day.  
im just trying myself to get mentally ready for this. May Allah protect us all. aameen! if a baby/toddler/kid is suspected for corona, what is the plan/procedure for quarantining? doctor @niyaf , sorry im directing this to you. only you seems to be genuinely worried about us.
THE CORONA VIRUS DOESNT GIVE YALL AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIANS!
We wish to inform members of the public that the laboratory results from the National Influenza Centre & South Africa reveals that the person under #coronavirus investigation at KNH DOES NOT have the novel Corona Virus 2019 disease but  cold @WHOKenya 
Guys in all the excitement of hubhomeofantis and the impending corona virus fan meets let’s not forget Chanu meeting us RIGHT NOW through Chanu Sari Don’t forget to like and subscribe if you havent 
Wonder how many people gonna think they’re absolutely hilarious this weekend buy buying a bottle of corona and snapping it on their story captioned “coronavirus”
How many new cities has the ANC built since 1994? Correct answer gets a 6 pack of Corona from Manz
The way some people are suddenly sharing information about Corona Virus eh. As if they went to the same school with the virus. At least just quote your source k3k3.
Heads up. The corona virus is spreading at a rate on pace with or greater than the models predict. At this pace, more than 10 MILLION people will have been infected by the end of February.  …
Oh hi. Your reminder that last year as many as 12,000 South Africans died from ordinary flu. Keep your corona virus panic in check mateys.
Side effects of Corona virus: No high fives No fist bumps No inappropriately touching strangers Husbands spending more time at home Wives going shopping less & less
Pakistan, the friend in need, is sending holy water to China to help cure Corona Virus.
Son when he accidentally passes on the corona virus 
Corona confirmed in the uk? Time to be seen with a boy and get sent back to my home country
Waiting for Yannick Carrasco and Atlético loan deal to  official. He’s currently at the club. Player spent the last two months in Belgium - he never went back to China, so no ‘corona’ implications. 
While our response teams for potential corona virus cases are undergoing training now with an infectious dieses specialist, we are also beefing up our capacity....these are the temperature measuring gauges we got for our teams... 
Corona virus will not have power over you and your family! In Jesus’ name, amen!
Spare a thought for the lads in Corona’s PR department
Momentous day. Corona virus is in the UK and we officially Brexit at 11pm.
Corona virus is not a joke; Lord, please protect my family, friends, and also humanities.
Need to introduce them to introduce with Lyme disease .. corona and lime... to soon?
Indian Army setting up corona virus isolation centre in Manesar for Wuhan returnees. 
Yesterday, CS Cecil Kariuki said that Kenya has capacity to handle the Corona virus. Yet they had to send a sample of suspected virus all the way to S. Africa for confirmation. What will happen if we had 100 suspected cases, hire a KQ jet to transport the samples to SA? Jokers!  …
Everybody here is worried about “corona virus” But nobody is worried about “Deep soy” It’s infiltrated 99.9% of the population Including “social media” type females Fuck this shit
Mariya shared a picture of the patient who is suspected of having the corona virus and lied saying he is an MNDF soldier. Can you believe anything else she says? Especially regarding Indian military presence in Maldives?
There is considerable conflation of diagnosis & contraction of “corona”. Actual virality is much lower than it would seem. I think this will turn out to  to other forms of influenza. World War Z it is not.
Pakistan has a successful strategy against Corona. They declared it a minority and female. Men rushed to kidnap, rape, convert and marry. Corona flu back to China.
If the corona virus is controlled, it's not thanks to any chinese gov bodies it's thanks to the doctors, nurses, staff, ambulance, drivers and volunteers at the front like of the epidemic.
should i be worried as an African that Bill Gates is donating to Africa to fight Corona Virus when the out break is in China ? #CoronaVirusKenya 
Corona virus entered Pakistan. When it saw people's condition, it said, "Fuck that and went back to China."
PSA: You dont need to wear surgical masks because the corona virus is waaaaay smaller than the pore sizes in masks. Since it is an influenza virus, the best way to fight it is by washing our hands regularly qnd avoid touching our eyes, mouth, or nose
CORONA WHO!?!?!?! 
wouldnt it be hilarious if Duterte cancels the meeting nxt week on the Corona Virus? imagine the panel: 5% medical experts, 95% AFP Generals
HAPPENING NOW | Dr. Erwin Polinar, the Senior High School Physician, discusses Corona Virus infection and its prevention. 
and now you got the corona virus 
Twitter Fam, Send me your best and most based Corona virus memes
corona virus does not entitle anyone to be racist against chinese people, OK? be rude to those who are rude, but do not forget the fact that they need help too. wear the CORECT mask, hydrate yourselves, boost up your vitamin c, wash your hands PROPERLY. vote wisely
NHS providers spokeswoman on the BBC says the “NHS is extremely well prepared” for dealing with corona virus. Does somebody want to tell her how long it takes to get a GP appointment, for an ambulance to arrive, to get seen in A&E or to get a hospital appointment.
The Kenyan Student whose samples were taken to South Africa for testing has just tested Negative for the Corona Virus. #CoronaVirusKenya
“We are lost on (really) what to do.” - President Rodrigo Duterte on Corona Virus Napaka-assuring. NOT!  …
to my mutuals who live in a country with reported cases of corona virus, please stay safe!! please wear masks if you are going out, (it's safe to wear it for maximum 8 hrs if it's the disposable one) stay hydrated, and make sure to wash hands often and sanitize too!! ily all! <3
Why Lisa Stans don't trust blackpink accounts.. Well, as if before the corona virus outbreak y'all praying the show won't push through cos deep inside y'all jealous and can't stand Lisa having a solo project alone.. 
Total temporary ban on travelers from China is a MUST until the risk of contracting the Corona Virus  minimal.
Corona Virus is not Chinese, there's higher chance of getting jaundism, panic attack and irrational behavior from CHISMOSA VIRUS of Jover et al.
An immensely difficult day in the ... Corona Virus and Brexit ... view from my office makes me feel slightly better ... please stay safe today and do what you can for ... 
In Ireland up to 500 people die of flu each year, this is over twice the number of people who have died from Corona virus. This is a terrible outbreak & needs to be controlled but if you are worried about catching a deadly virus, please get a Flu vaccine. It could save your life.
I pray for Chinese. Does that make me a bad Muslim? NO. I'm disgusted by the people who are actually happy about corona virus spreading there.
literally my white blood cells against corona virus 
Good morning one & all, in wake of the Corona virus please take the necessary precautions & prepare like scriptwriter Harold Mildew (below)...Unfortunately just after this photo was taken I discovered he is a scriptwriter for Mrs Browns Boys, so I shot him.... Have a great day 
Is the Corona virus engineered, a plague from God, a natural outbreak or just a zoonotic virus? What do you think?
I’ll bring the corona u bring the virus
RB News confirmed this morning that a Chinese national has been quarantined at Block 8 with symptoms of Corona. We are still AWAITING TEST RESULTS from SA. If we don't have basic testing capabilities, what more of treatment? How did this guy get in? How prepared are we?
#coronarvirus #coronavirusindia #CoronavirusOutbreak In #INDIA ... Christian Missionary have already found cure for this virus ...you can see them on stage fighting Corona Virus 
I hope yall already read playm notice on fancafe regarding to seungwoo's fanmeeting, they're concerned about seungwoo and everyones health and the fans who worries about the corona outbreak. They said there's a possibility of postponement or cancellation of the fanmeet.
Italy has cancelled all flights from and to China- due to the Corona virus. A ship around Italy has been stopped with the people told to remain on board as one Chinese passenger on it shows signs of coronavirus. There are 6,000 people on the ship. Interesting days ahead...
Surgical masks sell out here because people are being idiots about the new Corona virus Everyone knows that a plague doctor mask is the only thing that will protect you
Look at the fate of Pinarayi Till last week he was leading the misinformation and fear campaign against CAA among the people of Kerala. This week he is requesting the same people not to spread fear and misinformation in the name of Corona Virus! Karma is a super bitch!! 
just found out puff bars r made in the same place corona virus originated...... 
Here’s a thought I’ve been tampering with: -Morning sun (Corona) -Full moon (Coronavirus emerged during China’s LUNAR new year) -Undiscovered stars learned (clowns in China neutralized) -Missions forward (Safe to proceed)  
"I just have no idea how this whole 'corona' nonsense could have started! It's a mystery to me!"  …
Real talk rn. If yall planning to buy masks to prevent corona dont just buy the regular doctor masks these ones are mainly to prevent fluids not really airborne viruses. Get the N95 masks which are specifically made for air related stuff and also protects you from fluids 
My thought was China is using the corona to go after black hats, I smell so much bs with all of this. What’s really going on? It would be a great excuse to keep Americans indoors at home with the tv on... round ups?
Here are a few tips for saving yourself from Corona Virus: Wear a mask on your face Wash your hands regularly Stay home if you are sick Kya karoge jeekar bhi Keep your surroundings clean
An American film was released in 2011 which speaks of a Corona like virus starts from China to spread over the rest of the world Strangest thing is it turns out that the cause of infection is the bat which is the same reason that the disease is currently spreading #coronarovirus
Don't be so afraid of the corona virus, it won't last long because it's MADE IN CHINA 
"We have since survived a virus from Daura since 2015. What is corona virus? Only people from ajebutter countries like America will be scared of corona virus. As for people here, we have survived the worst of all the viruses and survived so far... nothing can scare us again".
#CoronavirusOutbreak The Corona virus is fast spreading, Let us take precaution. Here’s what you need to know about #CoronaVirus . Please share, we all need to Know this....... To Save ourselves and 
Looking forward to the Corona Super Bowl ad.
NCOV ALERT | Please be reminded of the following preemptive cautionary measures against novel corona virus to be observed for the  resumption of classes on Monday, February 3, 2020. Stay safe and updated, Canossians! 
Irony is when you order masks for protection against Corona Virus and they are shipped from China!!
If there is one good thing about the Corona virus, it is that DDS is beginning to be less sure whether their geriatric president a) is such a good leader and whether he b) favors their health or submissive behavior towards China.
How to prevent Corona Virus? 1. Proper hygiene 2. Stay indoors as much as possible 3. Use face masks daily 4. #OustDuterte
“In the U.S., Google Trends figures that 57% of those that searched coronavirus in recent days searched for ‘beer virus’, while the remaining 43% looked for ‘corona beer virus’”.  …
Corona virus really be bringing out the worst in people. Yall are a bunch of racist mfers and dont even realize it. Hope natural  yo way
SM Super Idol League (Huya Live) broadcast will be postponed for the safety of the artists and employees against corona virus 
Corona virus doesn't give you permission to be racist
Corona virus will die soon, as it is Made in China. And, it has no warranty
Corona beer maker shrugs off misinformation on coronavirus  
INFORMATION REGARDING CORONA VIRUS I just got off the phone to a mate who works in customs at sydney Airport..he said there is a HUGE influx of Chinese fleeing to Australia.. airlines are INCREASING their flights.  here full & go back empty to pick up more
I am corona virus! I have a message for you on how to avoid me (in Hindi) Please make viral like me...hehehe #coronavirus #coronavirusoutbreak #corona 
TRUMPS CORONA TASK FORCE GROUP will lead the Trump Admin. efforts to 'monitor, contain & mitigate the spread of the virus'. Will give #Americans accurate up to date health & travel info #caronavirusoutbreak #CaronaVirusTaskForce  …
The New corona virus is now a global outbreak. Help spread @WHO ‘s myth busting:  … There’s no cure, but most infected survive & should get treatment in quarantine. If it reaches the poorest countries, on Level 1, health systems will quickly get 
#Corona Is far less dangerous than the virus of religion and caste as the former kills barely 3% of the infected whereas the later kills the entire humanity (Their humanness). #coronavirusindia
So cancelled amng swimming class tomorrow for precautionary measures of corona virus. Nice wan XU PE dept.
This video of health workers sleeping after working round the clock to help corona virus victims breaks my heart These people are heroes and I hope this tragedy ends soon 
I think my lady neighbour is suffering from corona virus. I heard her screaming yesterday night. Corona...corona...aur corona
Corona Virus is no joke and the virus doesn't differentiate based on political preferences. Let us all make sincere efforts to inform (NOT mis-inform), educate and show unity in the work to prevent the spread of the Corona Virus.
Are some of you really willing to get the corona virus to not be called a racist?  …
jake paul has got fuckin corona virus ahahah wearing a gas mask
There are no meds and no vaccines available as yet to treat the Corona Virus .So , Wash your hands . Wash your hands . Wash your hands. Wash your hands. AND Wash your hands . #CoronaOutbreak
Guys, all the remaining We Will Rock You musical are cancelled due to Corona virus outbreak They will do full refund to all who purchased tickets.. Pls take note if you planned to attend the remaining shows #YooHweseung #유회승 #횡승잉귕영웡 #NFlying #엔플라잉 
[INFO] Considering the health and safety of the artists and fans about corona viruse, WJSN GoangZhou fansign that was scheduled for March 1st will be postponed until further notice. -Starship Ent-  
The way media is milking the corona virus issue is more sickening than the disease. We know public health authorities are onto this, but we're bombarded with stories & images. #MSM would rather scare us silly than for example expose corrupt politicians that are a bigger threat.
Oh corona 
[INFO] 200131 YGE confirmed the Lisa won't be flying to China due to Corona Virus outbreak in the said country. Keep safe everyone #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
The Doctors who worked round the clock for the treatment of corona victims You are our heroes... 
Starship announced that WJSN fansign in Guangzhou, China on March 1st will be postponed due to Corona Virus. 
In a bold opportunistic move the Abe administration is seizing upon their botched handling of corona virus to insist JAPAN needs a new constitution which would give the Prime Minister the power of a dictator—to handle the problem. It’s a plan modeled on Hitler’s rise to power  …
corona virus? i don’t even drink beer
Suddenly, everyone's wearing face mask becareful of the corona virus...
READ CHANACCS, about the N Corona Virus, to lessen the chances na makuha natin sya. Being well informed is the best weapon from fear. So spread this thread na lang po. Medyo mahaba nga lang fam. #FrankiAnaFor24Seven
I guess Corona virus is some bio synthetic weaponry that has exploded. In the alternative it is a mutant form of a deadly virus. Any one in the know can explain.
DOCUMENTARY THREAD EXPLAINING THE CORONA VIRUS #coronarvirus what we know so far using the most informed mathematical models. 1/2 How it 
Awesome week because Frankiana. Not so awesome week because Corona (virus). Please take care of yourselves, loves! You matter to me! 
Taking precautions for the corona virus is covering your mouth when you cough/sneeze , consuming vitamins , and washing ya damn hands . Not being racist and accusing every Asian person you see of having it .
[BLACKPINK member LISA China program got postponed] BLACKPINK member LISA will not participate in the recording of YouthWithYou because due to the Corona virus in china. This is based on a decision made by the local Chinese production team to postpone the show's shooting schedule 
Wondering if "keeping my throat moist" with Corona beer is the right thing to do...
CORONA VIRUS IS OUT!! Lil tito is in the hauz. 
IU students are scared of contracting a contagious viral disease but are throwing back 8 beers every night. Bitch you’re worried about the wrong corona
Pakistan has possibly many cases but government is sleeping. Every country seems to be dealing with this on SOS basis while, Pakistani students & businessmen are stuck there & Paki Govt has done nothing. Note: Corona seems man made disaster or human mistake. I feel it. 
I just won’t tolerate memes or fucking jokes about Asian people in regards to the corona virus. It’s disgusting, racist, not funny and only fuels behavior that shouldn’t be tolerated. Take initiative and say something when you see it. Same can be said for all races too obvi
Wilbur Ross,Commerce Secretary of the United States: On the corona virus: "I think it will help to accelerate the return of jobs to North America." Ever notice how psychopathic Trump surrounds himself with other psychopaths? 
My whole weekend mood,, Corona gang are we on or you afraid of 
Just for a little perspective on Corona Virus: In total, the CDC estimates that up to 42.9 million people got sick during the 2018-2019 flu season, 647,000 people were hospitalised and 61,200 died.
Omfg S just told me that he was stopped on the way to do laundry by some yt dude, and the dude was talking to him about the corona virus and goes, "It's from one of those countries that you're probably from!" Um. Can we stop being racist please?!?!?!
Today is not the day para maging indecisive. Kailangan mag desisyon: to hold on, to let go o to move on. The choice is always yours — sa bawat pagkalit at #PamilyaKoPagbitaw abangan mamaya bago mag-TV Patrol. Dont 4get to stay clean and safe. May mga Corona na hindi natin deserve 
To stop the Corona virus, I think the president should declare MARTIAL LAW. He needs extraordinary powers to search, inspect and restrict the movement of citizens. We need quarantine checkpoints and military/police deployment in all coastlines.
Everyone i know has the flu ...make sure y’all alright ... I’ll bring ya modelo to fight off corona
[ABC News pre-prod meet Pt. 2] "What else?" "Trump! #Racist!" "Excellent! How so?" "OK, hear me out: the US issues a travel warning for China because of the Corona Virus; Corona is also a Mexican beer; Trump builds a wall against Mexicans, so... racist!" "Brilliant!" #ETW
A corona-chan for you. 
just because the corona virus is being spread through America due to a  from China with the virus , does NOT mean you should be acting RUDE towards Asians . the mf who got on the plane from China with the virus is the reason that shit is being spread . wtf
Last time I put my space suit on, $LINK 10x’d & btc/eth nearly 4x’d. You ready frens? (Also air tight to protect from corona-chan) 
Last Report Corona Virus is 212 dead &8,300 infected Fatalities so far limited 2 China, but infected in 30 provinces Will substantially effect factory workers 4 weeks  WHO FINALLY admits World Disaster Level First 3 days,citizens told no animal contact,no worry Complete LIE
I have said that i expect to see individuals lose their lives here from the corona virus. I have chided Azar for not being worried enough. I have blasted the Chinese endlessly for their recklessness. What have my critics done? Criticize me. Brilliant!
lorde stans will survive the corona virus plague.
To fight Corona Virus, Remember 𝐖𝐔𝐇𝐀𝐍: 𝐖ash your hands. 𝐔se your mask properly. 𝐇ave temperature checked regularly. 𝐀void large crowds. 𝐍ever touch your face with unclean hands.
I can’t get the corona virus because I only drink Modelos
So like if you're a Gay and you're making ignorant remarks about Corona virus and Asians, I hope you don't have a problem when straights make remarks about Gays and aids cuz lol
The only one who can beat the “corona virus”  …
Corona says consumers aren't confusing its brand with the Coronavirus  
The death toll due to Corona Virus is more than 250. In a single day yesterday 38 people have lost their lives. This is a Global Emergency and countries need  together to handle this
What's worse than the Corona Virus? It's us losing our humanity  It's us spreading false news to simulate fear. It's us taking advantage of the situation for our own personal gains. WE ARE THE VIRUS.
People are worried about the Corona Virus and not the people making these hacks.....  …
What until she gets to the bottle shop and sees the bottles of Corona.
JACK SHOW. Tonight at 11pm Eastern on Cecil Says. Tonight's topics- The ramifications of the Corona virus and the social impact of cutting off travel to China, -The Impeachment trial, how to discuss it with your kids at breakfast -Human Centipedes & more  …
Tanduay a day keeps corona virus away. Arat!
Seriously though has anyone written about how Corona, the popular trash beer brand, is dealing with the virus that shares its name?
#Coronavirus Is Not The Corona Beer Virus: #Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) isn’t the same as Corona beer It has nothing to do with beer, doesn’t go with a lime wedge According to Google Trends, Google searches for “beer virus” and “Corona beer virus” have been on the rise 
What we citizens feel are priorities of this govt: 1. Small-time drug peddlers 2. Bato's visa 3. ABS-CBN franchise cancellation 4. Maynilad & Manila Water's 2.5 & 1.1 centavos/liter water "onerous" ... ... ... 98. Corona Virus (next week na lang daw) 99. Corruption in govt
Some of y’all needed medical masks before corona virus with yo stank ass breath
There's confirmed case of corona virus in our country. Take care~ Iwasan muna ang crowded places and wear face mask. Please also stay updated to official updates and news regarding this issue. 
This video of health workers sleeping after working round the clock to help corona virus victims breaks my heart These people are heroes and I hope this tragedy ends soon #CoronavirusOutbreak 
make this sink in : Duterte did not want any travel ban of Chinese travelers because he did not want to offend China. Duterte was thinking more of the feelings of China rather than pinoys who might get infected of the corona virus.
Corona virus is one of the deadliest. Spreads through air like  cold virus. People should avoid crowded places, congregations, etc. till it’s effect is mitigated.  …
My cat’s name is Corona and now he has to change his name or all the kittens at school will make fun of him.
having ncov/corona virus doesn’t make u less of a person, HINDI SILA ZOMBIE. tao lang rin sila diagnosed with a disease. they are in need of help, don’t treat them as zombies instead gumawa kayo ng bagay to prevent the SPREAD of the virus. kaya nagkakaron ng PANIC eh.
Chinese niggas  into the corner store asking for beer... bro you worried about the wrong Corona
This dude must be hiding from a bottle of Corona...cause he ain’t fighting the virus with that lettuce 
if i had a corona for every person who said i have the coronavirus i would have a lot of coronas yup, that's the tweet
wait ure telling me there are ppl that think ALL chinese ppl, no matter where they’re actually living or from, have the corona virus?? nah man, they got the stupid
According to CNN, there is a lack of diversity in people trying  the Corona virus. (this is why people hate CNN)  …
Cause when me have cold, no doctor never tell me seh a corona mi have yet.
English: why are you eating rusk? you should dip biscuits in tea and eat. Hindi: chai mai biscuits dip CORONA. VI RUS? :(
As of press time, a total of 9,821 individuals are confirmed infected of the 2019 Novel Corona Virus. 98.69% of which are from China, the ground zero of the said virus. In the Philippines, the DOH confirmed 1 case of nCoV yesterday. 
Attention Tech fans! Watch party this Saturday @TwoDocs! They may not have Corona but they do have beer! Come as we take on the stool throwing Jayhawks at 3pm! 
Sook-Yin Lee at #BechdelTested in a face mask, enjoying a Corona, calling out the the rising racism and fear in Toronto right now. 
"Honestly Jr this corona virus isn't as bad as the flu wake me up when they have a bud light virus haha" 
Cocaine kills Corona virus
BREAKING: Update on corona virus - 9821 infected. - 213 dead. - 171 recovered. - 15 238 suspected cases. - 20 countries affected. Italy has stopped all flights from China. WHO has declared it a global public health emergency. It surpassed SARS in number of infected.
Friends, is it gay to angrily remember the one time your nemesis smiled? Is it gay to remember when you fought her in the corona of a new star: you, your suit straining under the heat; her, wreathed in plasma, gold like a sun goddess? Asking for the supervillainess I am writing.
I sneezed and told my mom I had the corona virus and she’s like nooo you have the cabrona virus Probably true
Im glad I won’t ever get the corona virus bc i don’t even drink Coronas
In a few weeks y'all gonna be like... Breaking: Over 15,000 cases of Corona virus was misdiagnosed.  …
shouldn't have had that corona from Wuhan 
What’s worse than the corona virus? Adding too much borax to your slime
'The Corona virus has been contained. I built the wall to keep Corona beers out of the US'!  …
Hello just a reminder, please don't use corona virus to tease people. You don't know how much it affects them knowing na people are accusing them of being sick just because of their racial features/they've been out of the country. It's a contagious disease not a joke.
being asian shouldn’t be this tough, anything I post now people just find the dumbest reason to make a racist joke about corona virus... people are dying from this virus, not cool.
white people will cover they mouths around asians to avoid corona virus, then get home and do this shit  …
Ctto Lord please heal the pain that baby feel right now Heal this baby Lord God. Cure this baby. he/she don't deserve this. and also for the people who feel that Corona virus In Jesus name amen #PrayForChina 
How many people have died from the Corona Virus?
Also, whatever may be your thoughts on Carrasco returning, they are no justifications to making jokes about Corona virus. The thing is real and people are dying. Dalian, where he plays, is off the coast of China. So please stop it with the banter, it doesn't leave a good image.
Prediction... The purpose of the corona virus is to get us used to quarantine laws. It's like the patriot act 2.0.
The corona virus has now officially passed SARS in number of infected people. In a much shorter time period. But the good news is it appears to have a much lower mortality rate.
The real name of the virus in the episode was Osaka flu not corona though 
My friends and I were wearing masks and people kept looking at us and even some, made fun of us saying "wow, may pa face mask" "hala mga corona virus" First, I just wanna say that, we're not rich enough to afford hospital bills, but...
I would understand like, trade publications rolling articles about it but the fact more layman news sites like hollywood reporter and shit are running 'what the corona virus means for box office  off as weird and ghoulish
it was all fun and games when I joked about having the plague last summer but it’s gonna be living hell when I actually get the corona virus
This is how the Corona virus started 
Yannick Carrasco has always been one of my favorite footballers .. never understood why he went to Asia .. Thank God for Corona virus my boy  back
strong immune system is the the key  this epidemic {corona virus}, so be healthy everyone, @mor1019 #MORHot10 KAKAYANIN KAYA by Maymay Entrata #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber @maymayentrata07 @Barber_Edward_
hi. the corona virus is no excuse to be racist or xenophobic towards asians. please shut the fuck up and stop saying ‘asian virus’ or be rude towards anyone who is asian. bye
Corona Beer has changed their name to avoid association with the Coronavirus. 
Coronaviruses are round and surrounded by a halo of spiky proteins, giving them an appearance that resembles a crown or the corona of the sun.  …
Don’t worry if your local stores run out of surgical masks ‘cause we always have an alternative and that’s getting drunk with Tanduayyyyyy!!!!! Let’s get drunk and fight corona virus one by one! RAWRRRRRR!
Let's try facts,data,and logic regarding coronavirus - not uninformed insanity... "Corona virus will kill you between 3 and 5 times out of 100, not 10, by contrast. That's bad - especially for the dead ones - but not planetary extinction bad, m'kay?"  …
If I drink enough Corona won't that act as a vaccine 
what are the symptoms for corona virus ?? i’m deadass scared that i might have it, my substitute asian teacher yesterday was coughing everywhere. my throat is fucking stinging
Today Trump addresses the corona virus: “We think it’s going to have a very good ending for us. That I can assure you,” Trump said. Does he mean we will all enjoy a wonderful death. Or is he just being an inarticulate idiot?
What's crazy about the whole Corona Virus thing is that Influenza kills thousands of people annually but this apparently is apparently the plague brought by the pale Horseman in the book of Revelations. Media sensationalism and people being scared is a hell of a thing
Singapore being my second home I watch Chanel News Asia live on YouTube it is far more informative on Corona Virus than any Australian media outlet is willing to divulge.I don't think the general public of Australia is aware just how serious this pandemic is. Football pies etc
Ok folks. Corona virus is not a reason to be racist. Actually, there is never any reason to be racist.
Corona virus declared global emergency by the World Health Organisation (WHO). Phew.
WHO is declaring the 2019-novel corona virus a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.  …
I’d take the corona virus over TDS any day of the week. At least corona virus is treatable.
chinese people be buying beer.. bro you worried about the wrong corona
Duterte's set up a meeting with medical experts regarding the corona virus NEXT WEEK. On the other hand, the government was able to set up a Kobe exhibit the following day. Grabe yung priorities and sense of urgency natin, no?
You need to start thinking Corona Virus was created by WHO WHY CHINA HAS BEEN THE STARTING POINT OF THE VIRUS Because Chinese has been the Target and the Chinese Government knows this 100% THIS WILL LEAD TO WAR in 2020 - likely not WW3 EAST vs WEST #NUMEROLOGY
Corona virus be like:  …
Not all Asians have the Corona Virus!!!! My cousin shouldn't have  from school crying because her class mates bullied her for being Asian!!!!
prediction vs actual death toll of corona virus is scary, it’s not a joke and we should all be concerned 
It’s kinda funny how people looked down on Medical Technologists kay lagi daw “tig kuha ra og dugo”, and then this corona virus outbreak came. And now lang mo naka-realize how important the role of a Medical Technologist/Medical Laboratory Scientist in the health care system is.
damn. open up my twitter to see corona virus tweets everywhere damn. please be safe y'all
How to NOT catch a virus (even the corona virus) - take vitamin D - drink elderberry syrup daily - take a high quality probiotic - don’t touch your face - constantly keep hands clean - drink mushrooms (any @FourSigmatic elixir) - get enough quality sleep
First case of Corona Virus in Madrid about to be reported in 2 hours
TAKE TIME TO READ!! (Nurse Reveals the truth about the CORONA VIRUS) I'm posting this just to inform people, whether it's true or not, stay alert at all times! Mag iingat lagi! Source:  
People actually think that the Corona virus is from beer. The zombie apocalypse is already here.
Corona Beer executives right now. 
There are many instances of #FakeNews I’ve seen online about this coronavirus already. Don’t drink bleach (could be deadly, even if diluted.) Corona Beer does not cause the virus. There is also no evidence that Corona Beer or other alcoholic beverages will cure this virus. 
This the Corona virus everybody be talking about?? cause it doesn’t look that bad lmaoo  …
New video on the Corona Virus. Tbh, i purposely left out some information that i felt would be healthier if people didnt know. (dont want irrational people doing stupid shit However, it wont matter cause youtube will flag and delete the video anyway. 
In London we eat fried pigeons, poundland tinned food & them nasty hotdogs from outside the tube station. The Corona Virus will catch a virus from us
Donald Trump thinks the Coronavirus mutated from a stale Corona beer at The Carlos'n Charlie's in Cancun. I fail to see how he's going to keep us safe.  …
corona virus just arrived in Italy 
The corona virus doesn't worry me. THIS worries me: 
China has corona virus hell of a player
If only they had a proper marketing team! ‘Corona Beer, our drinks are WHO Certified.’  …
So when will the manufacturers of Corona Virus release it’s Vaccine and then make it mandatory for Asia and Africa?
To evaluate the situation regarding the Corona virus outbreak with international and local authorities: Flights to Beijing Guangzhou, Shanghai, and Xi'an will be halted until February 9th. We will keep you informed regarding all developments.  
GAVE TODAY SHOW A OTHER SHOT, JUST TURNED OFF AND WONT BE TURNING ON AGAIN, Carl just interrupted a press conference with the P.M.then flicked it off halfway and said to viewers, sorry for wasting your time thought it was about the Corona virus, what a rude ignorant pig 
No one panic, I have outlawed the sale of Corona and Corona light and no new cases can get through my big Beautiful wall!
As a Chinese who's born in Malaysia and has NEVER set foot in China, I've had  in with remarks like: • Ching chong • Are you planning to eat your dog when he's grown? (I laughed) • Communist In  weeks it'll be • Stop spreading Corona virus! 
People's Health > Tourism A clear national policy must now be put in place amid the confirmed case of the novel corona virus.
I'm betting the corona virus is allready world wide, but quarantined. Watch this space.
Hey y'all - I've got the Coronavirus! I've been drinking Corona Beer for 12 years - that's how I got it. Just a joke guys.
Once again, face masks don't filter out the corona virus and Purell doesn't kill viruses. A face mask might keep you from coughing all over surfaces, but if you're that sick, why aren't you home in bed?  … #CoronavirusOutbreak
A few tips for travelers in light of the corona virus outbreak. Should you still travel? Cancel your flights? What to do? Here are a few things to keep in mind:
incase anyone is confused corona and modelo is a kind of beer 
i told a local i’m super sick and she said i have the modelo virus. BITCH ITS CORONA U SAID THE WRONG BEER LMAO
There’s no corona virus in Bakersfield you guys, false alarm clearly 
It’s full of tits, fanny and Corona
i cant believe this is an actual article about corona virus 
Me: Mom so theres this new deadly corona virus going around. My mom: Mein tenu keya si daru shad deh shadayia
. @KGeorgieva: It is too early to estimate the economic impact of Corona virus but not too early to recognize that we live in a more shock-prone world.  
✭ lmfao I don’t think you guys understand how scary this corona virus is
the xenophobia around corona virus in america tells me that people apparently don't know how viruses work... like... it's not like all us chinese folk have corona virus lying dormant in us and now suddenly it's all been activated in us
I must’ve caught the CORONA virus haha, want one? Just goofin, names Mitch. 
Samito's thoughts on the Corona Virus. 
When your mum is getting takeaway but goes to the Chinese and gets corona virus 
the fact that my chinese lab TA felt the need to tell us during our epidemiology lab that she hasn’t gone back to china in a while so we don’t have to worry ab her having the corona virus makes me so >:(
How the Corona virus started 
Anyway, if you’re a healthy person who engages in regular hygienic practices then I highly doubt you’ll get your ass kicked by this Corona virus. Be more concerned about the  around you and if a vaccine  available it would be a good idea to get it.
Corona, the  says it trusts customers not to link its drinks to the deadly Wuhan coronavirus | @BISouthAfrica  
I just heard a pretty frightening prospect What happens if the Corona Virus finds its way into a third world country where theres substandard health care and limited medical facilities The World Health Organization is going to have its hands full We need to pray about this.
BREAKING: Union representing 15K American Airlines pilots  to get "temporary restraining order to immediately halt the carrier’s U.S.-China service" Good - keep that shit away from me I don't put Corona in my bat soup so I should be fine
7377004 Flu symptoms hurefa, Corona virus ah suspect kurevey nama hospital ah vadainugannavaa mi 7377004 number ah gulhaa lavvaa Copy that number and share with bondhu bro’s too
Pay attention to how they're marketing this Corona virus fake news.
Vitamin D helps build the immune system Black people usually have a vitamin d deficiency. Our melanin protects us from the sun which means it takes longer exposure to convert vitamin d. Corona is the sun outter layer that send us solar winds & ultra violet radiation.
you know what goes great with the corona virus lime disease
2002 SARS 2003 Bird Flu 2009 Swine Flu 2012 MERS 2013 Ebola 2015 Zika 2019 Corona Virus [wash yer hands]
The World Health Organizasation (WHO) has declared the Corona Virus a global health emergency.
Did you hear that 170 people have died of the #coronavirus !! Sounds bad right?! Guess how many people die *every single day* corona or no corona? 150 000. I.e. life is dangerous business, but contrary to the MSM's mongering, nothing to be afraid about. Go in peace.
The way Ebola missed Ghana that is the same way the Corona Virus will miss Ghana Amen
English: Do it Urdu: Corona
Measles Virus: "What while I freak out the whole world with a measly rash" Cold Virus: "Hold my Corona"
hi this is nick's mom he's in the hospital with the corona virus not sure if he's gonna make it did you like him or think he was cute
Chinese-Canadians facing hate, racism for coronavirus outbreak — much like the SARS outbreak in 2003  … #CoronavirusCanada #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronavirus
Especially since the Corona Virus scare please do not bring a crowd to the airport. We want to respect the boys privacy, health and safety Please don't go at all, we'll see them at the concert.
So wait, a Muslim descendant of peoples who eradicated whole indigenous populations with diseases like smallpox is now blaming Chinese culture for the Corona virus?
PSA ALL HAIR/LASH BUSINESS OWNERS: with the corona virus  prominent you shouldn’t be ordering anything from china! protect yourself and others. with that being said, purchase your UNITED STATES BASED vendors with me today. 3 for $45 . no business license required.
You'all don't know. The quickest way to get Bubu's attention is to say that corona virus will wipe out the cows in Nigeria. Then just wait and watch him move swiftly into action
Well we know that Bledsoe Hall won’t ever have any cases of Corona virus. 
corona virus be like avoid large crowds i be like: flying overseas to go to a 30,000 cap venue
This video of health workers sleeping after working round the clock to help corona virus victims breaks my heart These people are heroes and I hope this tragedy ends soon 
Had someone tell me today that he knows a person who legit poured out any bottles of Corona he had because he didn’t want to chance of getting the Coronavirus. This is not a joke.
just saved a dying patient from corona virus 
WHO declared world health emergency. Corona is spreading rapidly. One case reported in India too. Stay safe. 
Hopefully we don’t get corona virus 
Corona virus is in Chicago, right before all the Black People go to Chicago for All Star Weekend. Expert Timing 
This is a fair explainer on the Corona Virus. I  all of you take breather and read this and other such articles by authoritative media and health agencies. Breath.  …
If/when the Corona Virus actually spreads in the US it's gonna cause so much more damage because people are without medical care as it is, and whether the state will actually help us in a crisis like this as fast as China has is doubtful if I'm being honest.
Struggling  to terms with the Lefties critical of Scomo’s decision to repatriate people back to Australia after first quarantining suspected Corona Virus infected people on Christmas Island. I would consider it my moral obligation to shield others from infection & go there
corona virus isn’t an excuse to be racist
Hahah imagine the Corona Virus wipes out the whole world before Liverpool get to win the Premier League
I know there are bigger worries but it is funny to imagine the crisis branding talks at Corona beer right now.
WHO officially announced corona virus as a global health emergency. I hope this can make plds wake up a little and re-consider this tour
Okay...WHO finally said what most of us already knew. It's a health emergency...worldwide. Quote: "Corona virus has placed its crown in several nations." This "crown" will not impede the return of the One who wears The Crown, our King, Christ Jesus. #Prepare your 
Corona virus declared as international health emergency by WHO. We dodged world war 3 just to die from Corona virus. 2020  slow at all
World Health Organization declared an international state of emergency due to the spread of the Corona virus!
Listening to endless coverage of the corona virus. Man being interviewed had to stay at home for 1 week. Interviewer said how hard that must be. Really? Try being housebound for years on end #severeME
Racism nope, some one has to educate China on food practice, in there mind what there eating will give them long life, sexual stamina, some is superstitious practices. Asian, Hong Kong, Sars, corona, all from Asia, from 1954, all from there eating practice.
Corona contaminated books will not be an issue will not be an issue for Cash Grab backers. 100% sterile.   …
Watching QP, Canada is truly adrift, PM goofing off, none of the Cab Mins will give a straight answer. Ag Min is "Working" with 'partners' on farmers being screwed with the CO2 tax. Hajdu is "Working" with 'partners' here and abroad re Corona. FFS Liberal, work it out!
I’m still cracking up that my stupid mate threw out all his Corona beers because he thought the  from the beer
I don’t know personally anyone who has the corona virus however I’ve known a few that have had the schlitz. (I only tweet this cause my wife thought it was funny because it’s so stupid)
Kana if Corona is sexually transmitted waii a re lebaleng ka chaba ya Botswana ..
In South Africa, 57 people a day dies of a virus called the African National Congress. This virus has been a plaque for the last 25 years. More people in SA has died of this virus than will probably die of the Corona virus. Yet, the world is silent on this.
Sing Corona instead of Tequila and all wear face masks on Saturday
The Simpsons has predicted it again! This episode aired 27 years ago in 1993. #CoronaVirus #Wuhan #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona #Virus #ChinaCoronaVirus #ChinaVirus 
BTV news 1.A  from was showing signs of Corona Virus. He hasnt tested positive,under observation.He is at block 8 clinic under quarantine.He was putting on a mask to ensure he doesn’t expose others 2.MOHW is currently putting screenings across all points of entry  …
That corona virus shit finna make me stay in the house fam
I have it from reliable sources that the Corona Virus actually originated from consuming or handling rhino horn. Close proximity to Rhino horn risks contraction of the virus.
Getting a quick virology lesson on #Coronavirus by @brett_lindenbac . corona = crown Happening now at @YaleMed #nCoV19 colloquium. Harkness 
So people are not buying Corona beer anymore because they think it’s related to Coronavirus 
highkey praying that corona virus won't reach QA or if it has, fake news lang iyon :-(
Re corona virus. Can anyone tell me if the rate of excess deaths has been published ? Death happens all time. What’s important are excess deaths (expected / observed ). I can’t find this figure anywhere
idk who needs to hear this but stop making poor taste jokes ab the corona virus & go get checked for STDs lol
I’m pretty sure Liverpool have made a deal with the devil in which they get to win the premier league but in return they all die from the corona virus  …
20 year old maldivian girl along with 2 expats are being held in quarantine for suspected cases of Corona Virus. Government has failed to take action on time and the disease in in our nation now. Whole of Hulhumale and Maldives is at risk due to their  and negligence. 
Let’s be crystal clear. The Indian government tweeting homeopathy advice for the Corona Virus to their 1.6m followers is f*cking outrageous. There are no polite words to describe how dangerous this is. Homeopathy is pseudoscience and people will die because of this.  …
Pretty damn sure corona virus is in the city by now but the government is downplaying it to keep the citizens "under control" If you don't issue warnings and admit the truth, there won't be anyone to "protect" by the end. Pls make people aware.
Latest on corona virus outbreak. - First case of person to person spread in the USA. - 6000 passangers quarantined on cruise ship in Rome. - Scientist says the virus can spread to pets. - Russia closes entire border with China Maybe it is time to start taking this seriously?
Just In: Health Ministry had confirmed a suspected case of Corona Virus has found in the Maldives from a 20 year old Maldivian that had visited China. The individual is currently under isolation at K.Funadhoo and his sample is being sent abroad for evaluation.
this meant to be a corona joke but im not funny LMFAO  …
That press briefing on the task force for the Corona Virus was an absolute joke. Why talk opiods? They could have read tweets with the coronavirus hashtag and gotten better info out. Shows me again how  this administration is with all things. We need better leaders!
What Corona Virus did to Wuhan City Arnab & Sudhir is doing it to Indian Journalsim You decide which virus is more deadly??? #ThooArnab
Just imagine You order Mask for protection against Corona Virus  to know , it being shipped from China
Many farmers across the globe have been wiped out due to swine flu killing their livestock. A vaccine for pigs MIUST be found; this is encouraging.....now, if the pigs can find a corona vaccine for humans, we'll have something to trade...  …
I thought I had the corona virus but it was jus Aids. Ain’t God good.
Maybe the corona virus wont survive our weather conditions
if you give me a good video idea i'll give you the cure to corona virus
y’all talking shit about corona and china like polony didn’t try killing us
Corona Virus to the UK, here we go! The infectious playmaker will arrive in London from China on the next hoursDeal totally agreed, Virus is set to be announced soon with an immediate impact!
Searches for "corona beer virus” have jumped 2,300% globally, according to Google data. Searches for "beer virus" have jumped 744%.
i had a nightmare that i had the corona virus and damn do i see life differently now
Ilyas Sharafuddin has stated that Allah has punished the Chinese by unleashing Corona virus on them for their brutal crackdown on Uighur Muslims 
Africans knowing very clearly that if the Corona Virus had emanated from any of the 54 African countries, they would cordon off the continent if they could and they'd say that their 'African visa machines' were broken until further notice
Wonder whose gonna be the first youtuber  out with surgical mask merch with the corona virus floating about
Commerce Secretary of the United States of America: On the corona virus spreading in China: "I think it will help to accelerate the return of jobs to North America." Ever notice how psychopathic Trump surrounds himself with other psychopaths? 
When ye hear there quarantining suspected corona virus victims on the Wirral an you live on the Wirral  …
Now this is something that would actually make me worry. Forget Corona, it's just a bad flu. Shit  from Africa is terrifying.  …
Yea. Fuck them asians. Corona mixtape dropping soon
Worried about corona virus? Send us your Orient Express tickets & we'll swap 'em for Trans-Pennine Express equivalents.
Chinese man next to me coughs* Me : Aise mat #Corona bhaiii
One suspected case of Corona virus infection in Botswana via Btv News
Even Corona is less dangerous than Arnab.
My daughter for the first time, this morning said... " Mom, this Corona Virus is nothing more than a ploy. They scare us, threaten us & hype it up with media to catch us off guard. What's really going on & why are these dumbasses on TV talking about a virus in foods..theyre....
the year is 2020 prince harry & meghan markle left the royal family the corona virus is spreading everywhere and people are still calling me guardian
He's a Doctor this is the moment before he leaves his wife to Wuhan treats Corona virus Patients. 
You can get a virus just from thinking of this. China just built 57 floors new hospital special for virus Corona patients . In the 16 hours finished the first floors. 19 days finished 57 floors hospital include the water and electric power and all hospital equipment. 
Watch Now On :  Corona Virus se Hifazat Ke Liyee Wazifa | What is Corona Virus ? | Corona Virus Explained in Detail 
@corona if you could stop spreading your germs that would be great #coronarvirus 
Corona virus is man made just like HIV/AIDS and Ebola.
I will call out every single person getting people in a panic over corona virus. Panics only make things worse. Source: I worked for the goddamn CDC for three years and interned at CNN medical under Dr. Sanjay Gupta during the 2014 Ebola crisis.
ill have a new video today on the corona virus since people keep asking... I'll try not to fear monger but that would just ruin the fun. EVERYONE PLEASE SCREAM AND RUN AROUND IN CIRCLES
Any sexy Chinese birds with corona virus willing to shag so I can die happy and a non-racist?
Chinese People passing Corona Virus Like 
Corona Virus Outbreak - Chinese Conspiracy or Nature's Curse? Different Perspectives on Causes of Corona Virus How do Islamic Preachers think about this Tregedy? What does Indian Vedic Astrology Predict about China in Next 5 years? Detailed Predictions  …
I sometimes think Trump and Republicans will try to make a buck off of the corona-virus. You know. Rich people get treatment. Others die. Comments please.  …
End China fights today. Corona is the issue, not this impeachment charade. @realDonaldTrump
All Maldivians are cautioned against all non-essential travel to China, and other countries that have confirmed cases of Novel Corona Virus. Press Release: 
to everyone that’s going to events right now where you’re surrounded by a lot of people please remember to wash your hands, DONT touch your mouth/eyes/nose if you’ve touched things that other people have, keep clean and keep safe this corona virus got me freaking out
Our government should do something about this Corona virus...I don't wanna die because of a Chinese car. maybe if it was a German car name 
The Corona virus is fast spreading, Let us take precaution. Here’s what you need to know about the Corona Virus! #CoronavirusOutbreak RT to Save 
Loool Corona virus 
Corona reached India from China faster than the delivery of alibaba products
My brother is a Nurse and this is from the hospital he's been working with. Now that the corona virus is already in our country this little reminder + proper hygiene could help. Spread for awareness. Prevention is always better than cure. 
Google searches for "corona beer virus" and "beer virus" jump amid coronavirus outbreak  
Days after the US FINALLY get their hands on someone with the Corona Virus this Chair at a Leading US University gets arrested. WHAT A COINCIDENCE! The CDC would be able to take cultures/samples of the #CoronaVirus For Study. Days later this Chemistry Chairman gets 
Here’s what you need to know about the Corona Virus!!!! #CoronavirusOutbreak Please share, we all need to read 
The only man that can save us from the Corona Virus 
I suggest the Trump administration send Wilbur Ross to Wuhan China so he can find out exactly how things are going with the Corona-virus. Without a face mask.
A THREAD: I did some research about the Corona virus & This New Netflix Documentary I’m hearing about and decided to share on my ig story. I have a theory and i truly believe that I am correct. therefore I wanted to share here!
going to fake having the corona virus for attention
Dumbasses bringing down sales of corona beer cause they’re dumbasses.
‘Pakistan not to evacuate its citizens from virus-hit Wuhan to show 'solidarity' with China’ These Pakistanis should be happy. They have a better chance of surviving Corona than ISI’s terrorism, Imran’s inflation and Bajwa’s corruption.  …
Corona Beer Changes Their Name To Avoid Association With The Coronavirus Outbreak. But To Ebola 
This video of health workers sleeping after working round the clock to help corona virus victims breaks my heart These people are heroes and I hope this tragedy ends soon 
With everything that has been happening recently ("No Transport Crisis", Taal Eruption, and now Corona Virus) and the lack of action from the government, it's the  and other groups who are doing the government's job. I don't know how to feel about it.  …
So Corona beer sales are down due to the Coronavirus. If anybody is in marketing, this just proves just how important word association can play a big deal for your product. Also proves we live in a society full of dumbass’s!
Dr. on the news last night-"More ppl have died of the flu than Corona." MAYBE. But he's using the wrong measure. In a flu pandemic mortality rate usually about 0.1 to 0.4 % & usually only older ppl or  Of the original ppl who got it at Wuhan Market it's over 14%
can’t even cough in peace without people lookin at me like i got the corona virus smh
someone at my school has tested positive for corona virus and now i’m really scared hhhhhh 
Oh look. More white people from the White House making decisions for all Americans. Here was the corona virus meeting from yesterday. 
Brown Kid: I think I have the corona virus Brown Parents: ok maybe if you were on your phone less you wouldn’t have gotten it...
Please wash your hands and use germ-x. I’m not trying to die from of the corona with no lime.
Yes I might be scared of the possibility of the Corona virus in LFK. But at least I don't have to use a shared shower/bathroom on Daisy Hill as well
With this corona virus going around y’all better have a pop filter on ur chat mic if we playing apex today
Speed of Corona virus spreading 
On an ALL-NEW #DennisMillerOption, we discuss Don Lemon, Adam Schiff, the corona virus, #JoeBiden, #Bernie, John Roberts, #SuperBowlHalftimeShow, Mike Fiers and more! Subscribe on @ApplePodcasts, @GooglePlay, wherever podcasts are found or just click 
The Corona Conditioning continues. ‘They’ are conditioning us to change our lives on the word of the World Health O. A ‘Global’ organization. ‘They’ scream worldwide emergency over 8,000 cases out of 7,600,000,000 people. Hardly sounds like an emergency. But you need to panic!
WW3 CORONA VIRUS? READY NA TENNIS RACQUET KO 
Political ties with China are worth more than preventing the exposure of the Filipino people to the corona virus?! The  of this government. I can’t.
“Don’t be so afraid of the corona virus. It won’t last long because ‘made in China’”  …
As new coronavirus outbreak continues to spread, some people seem to think that the deadly outbreak is somehow related to Corona beer. It’s not. 
Dirty bastards eating Rats like it’s a hotdog, no wonder the world will be riddled with corona virus #coronavirus 
This Chinese are lying, if that Corona is as hard as I hear, them ninjas be dying on some other scale and falsifying figures. Just bring our Namibians back alive please! Nee!
Corona virus goes world tour
Father can’t touch his little baby as he is infected with the Corona virus... The baby’s face tho.. 
Heard last night there were over 5m searches on Google for Corona BEER virus!! Seriously. Some people are just THAT stupid!!! 
Cabbage tip: glue a piece of cabbage over your mouth hole to prevent catching the corona virus
yunho wrote on the fancafe before going to bed he's thankful for everything and loves atiny, please also wear a mask & be careful with the new corona virus. he's said he can't show the performance tomorrow as there is no pre-recording but will show his best during the live!
Only news making people worried. Actually no thai residents infected from Corona the 5 to 10 cases are from China and 6 of them are cured and sent back to China So don't worry guys. Just follow some precautions. @GOT7Official
Cheeky presentation on Corona virus held at a public hospital in Yangon. Posted by the Ministry of Information an hour ago but is taken down now 
Damn... is this true that The Simpson’s also predicted the Corona virus and the death of Kobe?! 
Crochet replicate of #Corona virus. This version is one of a kind and can't be reproduce in laboratories or in nature. It is 100% safe and trusted. #sciart #crochet #coronavirus #amigurumi #etsy #etsyfinds #etsyfeature #Science #virus #microbiology 
6,000 passengers in a Cruise ship in Italy trapped as 2 people test positive for the Corona virus "
[IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT] The corona virus has been confirmed in our country. Because of such infectious disease, it's best that we stay calm while taking the necessary steps to ensure our health & well-being. This is our decision regarding Ethereal Fleur. Please stay healthy! 
How the novel corona virus has spread so far in China 
Someone sneezed in class and the prof goes "hope it's not Corona virus". Student replies "I havent had a Corona since the school suspended Greek life"
Corona Virus has sparked a lot of fear. 
Corona virus surely shows people's true faces. These days I have encountered so many racist and  on social media, partly from people I used to admire. Not anymore.
YO FUTBIN why this is not Greenlink ? CORONA VIRUS 
corona virus world tour
If Corona doesn’t run an ad with some dude on a beach drinking a beer that cuts out when he coughs that would be tragic. 
BREAKING NEWS: Philippines confirmed its first case of novel corona virus. Earlier this evening, Department of Health (DOH) Secretary Francisco Duque III said that a 38-year-old woman who is infected of the virus from Wuhan, China arrived in the Philippines on January 21. 
ACTUALLY, WE DON’T WANT TO HAVE A CORONA VIRUS ON OUR OWN COUNTRY BUT IT WILL STILL SPREAD AND SPREAD AND SPREAD IF THE GOVERNMENT WILL JUST WATCH AND WON’T TAKE ACTIONS. I’M NOT BLAMING THE GOVERNMENT THEMSELVES BUT THEIR ACTION IS PH ARMYS WEAR A MASK!
my sister DMed me this about corona virus and I just want to share with everyone 
Corona Virus versus the Flu #nCoV #coronavirus 1) Why is there more anxiety around corona virus when thousands die from the flu each yr? Mainly because there are so many unknowns: how infectious, how lethal, etc. Also no one is immune, no vaccine, no treatment yet Thread 1/
pros and cons of having the corona virus PROS: -no one will ask to hit ur juul -no one will bother u -u can die apparently CONS: - ? Thank u
time for short foggie island story yew hear all about dat sickness called corona virus it has BIG impact on foggie island we depends on lobsta here now we has no markets in china so lobsta sales on foggie  to skreechin halt if yew not in china eat lobsta
Health Advisory The Novel corona virus has reached the Philippines and one case has been reported according to DOH. As preemptive measures, here are the things we must know about the virus, its symptoms, the do’s and donts. 
"Corona beer virus" searches spike as coronavirus spreads  
Doctor's Advice About Corona Virus [A THREAD]; Please please do share huhu #GetWellSoonJoshTin #SB19 @SB19Official StaySafe SB19xATIN
Hey @TeamYouTube your monetization algorithm needs to catch Corona Virus.
Abdul was with his Bengali girlfriend and was taking his time to get going. She said, "Corona, jold corona." Abdul got scared and bolted.
I know dota is a toxic game but damn my chinese teammate said “im sorry for bringing corona virus in your country”
7921 cases and a 2% mortality rate. The Flu killed 79400 people just in the US last season. Corona viruses  and cause relatively mild symptoms and are usually only severe in the very young very old and those  immune systems. Pls stop fear mongering.  …
‘Assembled my crack team of feckless old white men to sit around a table for a photo-op and tell me how great I am-who knew they drank Corona in China?’  …
I thought this was a joke, but no, it's not. There's actually people searching for "corona beer virus" sigh /ht 
Oh hell nah if you have the Corona Virus stay your bat eating a** at home  …
For those questioning the credibility here it has just been confirmed that San Lazaro Hospital is hosting the Corona Virus patient. 
Hello guys! Ga amping gyud mu sainyoha, ga give ug free surgical masks ang XU CLINIC! I hope na inyoha ni ma spread because we really need to protect ourselves gyud. STAY SAFE, BE UPDATED about sa Corona Virus. -ctto
Corona Virus: What preemptive measures is Nigeria taking at the moment?
I hope corona virus gets eradicated ASAP along with this nonsense of a government. Filipinos have suffered enough.
Stars and dust in Corona Australis, the “Southern Crown”, a constellation in the southern hemisphere 
So yung patient na first confirmed case ng corona virus is asymptomatic or displaying no symptoms... Now how the fuck will we know if we have it?? Should we all be rushing to ER now and get tested? PUTA TALAGA. Ang hirap na nga mabuhay sa pinas may paganto pa. 
My brother is an epidemiologist He said: Flu kills 250,000 people every year Corona has killed 100. Get a flu jab and wash your hands.  …
Tell @ashokepandit that eating beef cures the Corona virus. Dude will have steak 3 times a day.  …
i dont want any filipino to die just because our president prioritized his relationship with china rather than protecting his own people THIS IS NOT THE CORONA FILIPINOS WANT!!! #coronavirusPH
ang sama na we have to wear face masks for three reasons: 1. taal volcano’s ash fall 2. corona virus 3. mabahong sistema ng gobyerno take note, it’s just the first month of 2020...
According to research, mamatay daw ang corona virus if ma expose siya ug 75% alcohol. Tanduay Dark has a 40% alcohol rate. And since 40 x 2 is 80% And 80% > 75% Therefore, we should drink atleast 2 bottles Tanduay Dark everyday to protect ourselves from the virus
Hi! Just a reminder that the corona virus is not a “chinese” disease- the same way ebola wasn’t an African one and AIDS isn’t a gay one- regardless of the location the virus starts we cannot ostracise entire demographics because they were unlucky enough to get hit first!
Niggas out here really playing corona tag ffs 
Some Think Coronavirus is related to Corona Beer (No - that's lime disease)  
With this corona virus outbreak, all people in HK are finding out just how stupid and cruel the HK government is.
pwede na ilaag sa excuse letter na "because she was scared of being infected with corona virus so she decided to stay in bed for days."?
The Trump admin thinks deaths due to the corona virus will be good for the economy. For FUNERAL DIRECTORS MAYBE! You just can't make this shit up.
30:01:2020 -Bomb Scare in Parklands, Doctors Plaza. -Corona Scare(GoK delays results from suspects) -Locust Invasion which is escalating, planes released to spray. -Floods reported most parts of country. -Nyoro’s swearing called off, Waititu appeals It’s still 3:55pm.
Since Thailand is getting cases of corona virus, a fan asked 4nologue if there was any chance of perhaps postponing the concert and they said to wait for the announcement ~ so I guess they’ll confirm soon whether the concerts are still going ahead for sure or not  …
Corona virus is no joke. And with my super weak immune system, im afraid ill be one of the first to get infected.
No, Corona beer is not linked to China’s coronavirus outbreak  …
Corona virus might be spreading You know what else is spreading ? • • • • My L E G S 
Lmao. Bc of corona virus, walang kwenta raw gobyerno sabi ni pao/lo ana/stacio. Took him 3+ years and a deadly virus to realize Dutae is shot. I love it when a DDS turns around.
Whats all this talk about this 'corona virus' recently Last time I checked they weren't THAT bad, just look at this beauty smh #stop hating on the Toyota Corona however the 2000's one does look a bit chinese... 
So DOH only confirmed 1 Corona virus case here in our country, and I saw this article from The Sydney Morning Herald, they posted a graph of the Global Corona Virus Cases and it showed that there are 4 cases here in the Philippines. 
There has been a spike in searches for “corona beer virus”  …
[OFF] Due to the Corona Virus outbreak here is the clip of a doctor explains the proper way to wash your hands and put on a face mask. Stay safe forevers! 
Corona affected Confirmed in Kannur.. Kerala and tamilnadu people beware of it.. Don't use preserved food, Meat and beverages by any chance.. Use mask in mobbed area #coronavirusec
Results for the suspected case of Corona virus in Ivory Coast has returned. It was negative. All the traveler had was flu and is already recovering after treatment, according to Ivory Coast's Ministry of Health.
Kindly spread this prayer to ask guidance and protection from the Almighty against the harm of the prevailing 2019 Novel Corona Virus ORATIO IMPERATA 
If you’re white kindly shut the fuck up about the corona virus, the Chinese government, the dog eating festival or any fucked-up justification of racism towards Chinese and Asian people. Did you conveniently forget about how white people transferred diseases to Indigenous People?
Good morning POS. How are you today? I hope you are doing well on this beautiful day. Hey.....can I buy you a Corona? I am in China right now and would love to buy one for you. My treat!!!!
[ENG]In order to cope with the new corona virus and other diseases, we have prepared all the teams to be vaccinated against influenza vaccine, prepared KF94 mask,hand sanitizer. Also, no public transportation will be used in local. -SWANTA TV STAFF
Corona virus will not have power over you and your family! In Jesus’ name, amen!
Corona Update: More than 170 deaths, It has spread to almost all province of China. India and Philippines also confirmed first case. A Nepali women returning from Kerung China is believed to be infected with corona virus as well.
I really want to emphasize this. I get it, if geographical at spatiotemporal ang factors na icoconsider re corona virus, malamang at sa malamang, karamihan chinese nationals. BUT to frame the NCoV as a CHINESE VIRUS/DISEASE only fuels racism and sinophobia.  …
Please be reminded that sharing fake news about Corona virus is a big offence and those who did may be jailed or fined up to RM100,000, or both. Please check the authenticity of a news before sharing it, especially if it is not from OfficialIIUM. #LeadingTheway #NoFakeNews 
this corona virus is giving me serious anxiety especially as someone with a low immune system
It's fine. Corona virus won't affect Liverpool fans because how can a virus affect viruses?
Oy buang my frends keep saying i have corona virus cuz im chinese daw HAHAHA boang im not even from mainland china
"DUA for protection from Corona Virus" ALLAHUMMA INNI AUDHUBIKA MINAL BARSI, WAL JUNOONI, WALJUZAAMI, WA SAYYIL ASQAAM Oh ALLAH I seek Your refuge from leprosy, Insanity, mutilation and from all serious illness.
REMINDER TO AVOID CORONA VIRUS! ALWAYS USE MASK AND ALWAYS WASH YOUR HANDS EVERYONE 
- Me and the squad: Namamasyal sa park na may suot ng face masks. Some illiterate beings: “Arte arte naman” “Uy Corona virus” PS. Since when safety measures became a form of “kaartehan”? Prevention and research po are important especially sa mga shallow-minded.
Corona Virus- Global Scare by Senator A. Rehman Malik  …
I think this Corona virus + increasing awareness of worldwide air pollution will finally make face  in the West It's been normal (and fashionable) to wear them in Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo for ages 
Not BTS related ! Corona virus offers concern but don't panic. Im from Kerala where one student ( she was studying in wuhan )was tested positive for the virus. She has been isolated in hospital and her condition is stable. Out of the 27 samples, 26 samples of the people who+
Me to my girlfriend: baby pls take care of yourself Corona virus has also arrived in India, look at the dangerous pictures of this virus. She: Awww how cute , baby pls bring that virus for me 
Corona virus is here. Government refused to stop Chinese  in. Another ball dropped. One of so many horrible policy choices over the past 4 years. When do the scales fall from the eyes??
almost having World War III. Taal Volcano eruption, Kobe Bryant's death. and now Corona Virus outbreak. And it’s still January. Stay safe ya'll
PHILIPPINES CONFIRMED ITS FIRST CASE OF CORONA VIRUS!!!!!!! Here are some quick reminders: 1. Do not panic 2. Be aware with your hands, wash them frequently 3. Secure your face with facemask 4. Have enough rest and keep your body healthy 5. Stay updated on credible news 6. Pray
Drinking Game: Chug a Corona every time WHO thanks China for their transparency.  …
They cancelled due to corona virus outbreak that happened recently.  first  …
Chest X-Ray of patients affected by novel corona virus 
#futureofwork   #nlp #hpc #AI #ML #BigData #cloud #IoT #robotics to propel innovation n #genomics #pharma #tech #Programmer #100DaysOfCode #Python #java #keras #reactjs #VueJS #RStats #NoSQL #Scala #Linux #AWS #Corona #virus #art by 
DOH R2: There are NO confirmed cases of the Corona virus in Cagayan valley nor persons-under-investigation (PUIs). Meantime, Rio Magbantay, Region Director accentuated the need to be more careful in sharing and or spreading false or fake news in social media. 
I was hoping this corona virus was some kind of beer but clearly not Australia bound 
so corona virus lives in wildlife and doesn't affect them anything but if they enter our cell blood it can turn to a super dangerous virus because they can change. oof science is interesting
The thing is, it's not just a matter of people being worried about their health and safety; they're now using a viral outbreak to express and act on the racial prejudices they've held long before the Corona virus existed.  …
The fear of Corona Virus is getting real and real, Let us always be careful and take care of ourselves. Wear a face mask whenever you leave your house!
we donated 3.16 million masks to China amidst its crisis during the Taal eruption. now that the Philippines is positive with corona virus, we're running out of mask supplies again!!  …
I think my padosan is suffering from Coronavirus. Yesterday night I heard her screaming Corona Corona aur corona..... She is Bengali, btw.
So been chatting to @_SidiCharif and @luminusdesign ..... interesting stuff Could @looP_rM311_7211 be giving us a timeline Corona =Blackout/crash=XRP start=China=Fed/Swift/Liquidity = Moon time 
Can soft drinks, ice creams& milk-shakes get you Corona, asks one caller. Doctor I have a cold and cough, should I be worried, asks another. To which the doctor responds "we all get flu every once in a while, should be worried only if you have gone to china recently".
She is a volunteer lady doctor..going to wuhaan city...to treat corona virus patients...this is a potential suicide mission..and her husband knows she may  back..salute to lady proving that doctors can also die for their country #Coronavirus 
Sa totoo lang, the HEALTH and GENERAL WELFARE of the Filipino is of PARAMOUNT IMPORTANCE!!! LOCKDOWN all flights first from China. Until we find some cure to this Corona Virus!!!! #NCOV
Kerala news channels are of another league. It's only hours, but the reportage on Corona has been extensive yet measured. Anchors are so calm, without spreading any panic. Manorama has even started a live ask-a-doctor pgm where callers are highlighting fake Whatsapp fwds.
If a Filipino  positive of Novel Corona Virus and dies because of it here in the Philippines, I will forever hold it against Rodrigo Duterte for his negligence and delusion. If that happens, he can fuck himself in hell.
Confirmed Corona Virus as of today China 7,801 Thailand 14 Japan 11 Hong Kong 1 Singapore 1 Australia 8 Malaysia 8 Taiwan 8 Macau 7 South Korea 6 France 5 United States 5 Vietnam 5 Germany 4 UAE 4 Canada 3 Cambodia 1 Finland 1 India 1 Nepal 1 Philippines 1 Sri Lanka 1
[INFO] “The Dream Show” in Macau and Singapore have been postponed until further notice due to the corona virus. 
Imagine how many people that person who’s positive w/ the Corona Virus has infected upon entering our country. To think Manila is very condensed & we don’t even have proper equipments! Paano na ang mga Pilipino??? Relationship w/ China pa din and priority?
calling infected pakistanis from china will be devastating, we don't have the apparatus to handle dengue how the fuck we'll handle this highly contagious Corona virus They have a better chance in China than here.
wash your hands before you frakening touch your frakening face okay? keep hydrated okay? do not go to crowded places for now due to the outbreak of the corona virus okay? theres no cure for it yet so please take care okay!! you BETTER BE TAKING CARE OF YOURSELF OKAY ILL FIGHT YOU
BREAKING: former Milan owner Yong Hong Li has been tested positive for Corona virus.
Hoping our government would do something about the Corona Virus. I think schools also should make it mandatory for students to have clearance from their doctors before going to school to prevent any Illnesses. Idk just a thought
3 LATEST STATEMENTS THAT REVEAL DUTERTE's INSANITY: 1. No need to ban flights b/w PH & China. EJK through Corona virus. 2. Prob is still drugs. B/c you're in cahoots w/ drug lords! 3. I'm ending VFA. Retaliating b/c USA listened to De Lima, when Bato was denied entry. 
Corona virus will not have power over you and your family! In Jesus’ name, amen!
Scientists : Corona virus can be cured by alcohol People in Gujarat: 
Just in: Government of Maldives decides to temporarily halt direct flights between China and Maldives due to the Corona Virus outbreak. #Maldives #coronavirus
-Known first case of Corona Virus: December 2019. -January 29, 2020: Still no case of NCoV. Duterte still not worried, lets Chinese people in. -January 30, 2020: First case of NCoV in the Philippines. Travel history of the lady: 9 days w/n Cebu-Dumaguete-Manila We're doomed. 
Since DOH confirms the first case of Novel Corona virus here in the Philippines. Here are some tips that might help us from getting infected. Stay Safe! 
IF YOU GUYS HAVE FILCHINESE FRIENDS/CLASSMATES, THE LEAST THING YOU CAN DO IS NOT JOKE ABOUT CORONA VIRUS TO THEM. JUST CAUSE THERES FRIENDSHIP DOESNT MEAN YOURE ENTITLED TO BE A RACIST. THEY ARE AS SCARED AS WE ARE SO MUCH SO THAT PEOPLE ARE BEING MORE DISCRIMINANT TO THEMLATELY
Corona Virus confirmed in Manila, whoever your god is pray for safety for you and your families tonight and in the days  Take no chances please #coronavirus #haynakoChinaipasokkokayosadibalenalang
we all forgot about world war 3 when corona virus became a thing
Would it surprise you to know that “corona virus” has killed a total of 100 people in China out of over a billion? Curious what the fake news is? How long will it take to make a vaccine?  …
Can someone explain why my reasoning is wrong?: corona virus yesterday 6400 infected 136 dead = about 2%  flu in the US 200,000 infected a year 36,000 dead a year (no fact check) = about 16% mortality. Why is everyone freaking out by the corona virus? Am I wrong?
DOH: Still no need to use face mask. Also DOH: Confirmed first Corona virus case.
There's already a confirmed case of Corona Virus here in the Philippines. So yep, extra ingat people. Wash your hands regularly. Wear mask. Drink lots of water. Always use alcohol/hand sanitizer.
Yes! People really are this dumb!! The coronavirus has nothing to do with Corona beer. But, some people seem to think so.  …
The first case of Corona Virus is in San Lazaro Hospital, in the capital city of Manila, and approximately 9 mins away from the University Belt. If this  a full-scale outbreak remember that it's because Duterte put his friendship with China ahead of all our welfare.
I REALLY REALLY FUCKING HATE THE PH GOVERNMENT. IF ONLY THEY HAD A TOTAL LOCKDOWN EVER SINCE THE NEWS OF THE CORONA VIRUS THEN THIS WOULDNT HAPPENED. SAFETY OF THE FILIPINOS HAS NEVER BEEN THEIR FIRST PRIORITY AND ITS SHOWING. IT IS SHOWING.
The Corona virus is fast spreading. Let us take precaution #coronavirus #CoronavirusWho 
the PH government officials need to implement travel ban, this is an outbreak already and should be on heightened alert status. Corona virus is now in the Philippines, health care is a must set aside your freaking interest with China!!
Philippines has confirmed its first case of corona virus, a 38-year-old woman from wuhan china, who also traveled to cebu and dumaguete city before she was admitted in the Government-Run Hospital in Manila. Ngl, im terrified. Please be extra careful!
Kerala had set up isolation wards two weeks ago and was monitoring some 806 people who returned from China, anticipating any outbreak, according to local reports. So when the confirmed case was reported, the state could act fast. There is no need to panic, say officials. #Corona
The first confirmed case of Corona virus in the Philippines was a Chinese tourist from Wuhan, China and y'all are telling me that this shitty as government is still NOT suspending all flights to the  from that country?????? Suicidal kayo ghorl!!?
In light of recent events, I'd like to  the Malayalam movie 'Virus' which covers how the state of Kerala managed the Nipah virus outbreak. The movie also addresses the Islamaphobia angle for which a parallel can be drawn to the racial angle now related to Corona virus.
Funplus donated more than 2million yuan to help Wuhan a corona virus affected area #LoL #LPL . 
first case of corona virus in the philippines was confirmed by the DOH today. stay safe, wear mask and always wash your hands, avoid going to crowded places!!!!
Corona was A choreographer that day.. 
Knowing that the Philippines has 1 confirmed corona virus carrier makes the Filipinos unsafe. Ironic, cause it’s the president’s responsibility to protect his/her people, yet here he is risking the health of the Filipinos for the sake of these unethical chinese visitors.
And so far we have: Australia on Fire WWIII Threats Australia Floodings Corona Virus Outbreak Philippines Eruption Kobe Bryant’s death Yep 2020 seems ok so far
 to Philippines, corona virus and thank you Ph government for being so hospitable and risking the lives of many Filipinos. Mabuhay sana tayong lahat. Its more fun in the Philippines!
WAIT FILO MOA PLS KEEP SAFE THE CORONA VIRUS IS ALREADY CONFIRMED HERE ):
diabetes kills over 1.6m people per year. people worrying about corona virus but still drinking 2L of coca cola a day.
Philippines just confirmed the first case of corona virus. To my filo moots, please stay safe. Wash your hands, wear a mask and as much as possible avoid going to crowded places, please. Stay safe.
Me trying not to sneeze on the train incase people think I’ve got Corona Virus 
PH moots, take this with a grain of salt but a friend of a friend told us the confirmed case of corona virus is admitted at san lazaro hospital (manila)
shet. disturbed talaga ko na may case na ng corona virus sa pinas because 1) by the time the patient was diagnosed, it would have been days after she got it and she may have had contact with many other people 2) it’s almost impossible to avoid crowds in Ph
PH MOOTS!! THE FIRST CASE OF CORONA VIRUS IS CONFIRMED, SO HERE TO DELIVER THE MESSAGE IS SAKUSA KIYOOMI “wear ur masks and be safe or is2g youll be sick. take care” 
Earlier this week, the Chinese embassy in Denmark demanded an apology for a drawing in a Danish daily of the Chinese flag where the stars had been replaced by the Corona virus. No apology was given, and some European newspapers is republishing the drawing.  …
“Corona Virus” debuts at #98 on the Philippines’ most infectious viruses chart with 1 infected,  the first ever record of the virus in the country. 
FIRST CASE OF CORONA VIRUS FOUND IN KERALA INDIA
corona virus is definitely real and not something to joke about, this is where i “draw” the line  …
People have survived this Government for 6 years, What's a corona or morona virus?  …
Corona Virus (Chinese Flue): SHRI doctors  Aconite 30, Eupatorium Perf 30, Belladona 30, Ars Alb 30 and Justicia Adhatoda 30 for Corona Virus. Prepare a mixture and take 5 drops once daily for prevention and 3 hourly for cure. @SiddharthAulia
Les gens  des mouches #coronavirus #China #VIRUS_CORONA  …
Friends Just finished my thesis on Corona Virus from WhatsApp Univ I'm grateful to all who provided me with *allopathic, homeopathic, ayurvedic, bheru baba technique, taabiz wala jhadu advices* I couldn't have achieved it without updates from u All
What if an intelligent rat escape from a Chinese lab, entered Nigeria , attended Corona and got deported back to China
This is funny but not as funny as knowing there are actually #morons in this world who believe that you really do catch it from Corona 
According to ZBCnews, our govt is putting in place measures to plug the trade  gap with China, due to Corona virus? No health & safety measures. No epidemic management/prevention measures? No. Just trade? Black child... you are on your own.
Especially because Corona strains are being reported to  even in the incubation stage. So, how exactly are you going to 'screen' somebody at the airports?
Received on WhatsApp Bengalis may have some level of immunity to the #Coronavirus as being exposed to its antidote from childhood: এটা Corona ওটা Corona বিরক্ত Corona বান্দ্রামি Corona ঝগড়া Corona মারামারি Corona দুষ্টামি Corona বেশি নাচানাচি Corona ফাজলামি Corona
Confirmed case of the Corona Virus in Kuwait  …
kq taking serious measures against the corona virus during the concerts in seoul, thank you for that! everyone's  first  …
Amapiano brought Corona Virus 
Please cancel the  fansigns. The corona virus is dangerous for people with weak immune system and all you did this year was overwork iKON. Do your job properly at protecting the members and stop thinking about money for ONCE. @ygent_official #YGE_PostponeiKONFansign
Great news: two men who were hospitalised with Corona virus in NSW are well & have been released from hospital. Two patients still remain in hospital. 50 people have been investigated and cleared. 20 are still under investigation.Thx NSW Health staff 4 your work! @NSWHealth
Get three Chinese guys to Delhi & announce they have Corona virus. All Hindu-Muslim hate rhetoric will disappear and everyone, including our politicians, will wet their pants. Via WhatsApp (not SMS).
It has taken China 48hrs to build 1st Corona virus hospital. 1st patient confirmed healed and discharged #KenyanTraffic  via @MukamiWaEmbu
Had my second corona virus patient encounter!!! You guys PLEAASSE I urge you to carry your own hand sanitizer, disinfecting wipe/alcohol wipe and please DONT forget to throughly wash your hands! That’s the number 1 way to prevent spreading anything.
mfs in wuhan china be like i need a beer. you worried about the wrong corona
The bottle of Corona has shattered. Virus is spreading so fast! Nobody is safe.  …
Corona time? When 1 market tanks Another rises... Better get on the green bus Pass me another beer... cheers!  …
We did it Corona virus is no more  
China Banned HIJAB in 2017 Chinese Women After CORONA Virus.!! 
If I ever get the coronavirus I hope I get limes disease too bc you can’t have a corona without a lime
Fear Allah, Worship him alone: Watch, as Islamic cleric warns ‘children of Godse’ of China like fate where people are dying of Corona virus  …
y'all making assumptions and thinking ALL chinese people or asians in general carry the corona virus... just say you're racist and go 
Corona virus spreads to every Chinese region so every plane load of passengers will cost Australian taxpayers millions.   …
Corona: *playing* PRESS START FOR MULTIPLAYER Bird Flu: *press start* 
one of my students today asked if we had corona at UW and I was like yeah but you’re not old enough to drink tho?? and he was like I meant?? the virus???? I just hdhdhsjsb
repeat after me: the corona virus doesn’t give you permission to be racist against asians the corona virus doesn’t give you permission to be racist against asians the corona virus doesn’t give you permission to be racist against asians the corona virus doesn’t give you permi
Am so broke I feel like telling GOVT I have corona virus so that I get some free meals in that quarantine center
Spare a moment for the brand manager of Corona beer. In the United States, Google Trends reveals a surge of people searching “corona beer virus.” 
room mate went to emergency this morning & he has corona virus, 1 like = 1 prayer in his words, "the beer is still shitter than the virus"
 … Ktown4u has delivered 100k masks to Wuhan province, China, which is suffering from severe confusion due to the new corona virus. Hopefully, this mask donation will be even a little helpful to the residents who must be having a hard time.
locals are so racist talking about how kpop idols are carrying the corona virus.... like shut your cracker ass up when yall originated from europe and brought your colonizer diseases to the native americans
At lunch today, I overheard two mothers talking about the corona virus outbreak & how scared they are about it considering that the countries around us already have reported cases. So murag halos tanan tao sa Pilipinas nabalaka na sa virus.. except for our gov't,,,  …
Apparently, ppl actually think #coronavirus has something to do with Corona beer. Here is my take in @forbes on the differences #nCoV2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak cc: @pash22 @bethlinas @Vaccinologist @aetiology @AmeshAA @_atanas_ @DrRobertGlatter  …
4. Even the source of the virus as propounded by the Chinese has been challenged by non-chinese virologists. The main animal reservoirs of Corona virus are mammals and birds, not snakes.5  …
Couple Of Weeks Ago., Government Of China Banned Mesut Ozil From Entering China Because He Stood With Uighur Muslims ( Who Were Forcefully Sent To Detention Camps By China Govt.). And Now Today Whole World Is Boycotting To Travel China In The Fear Corona Virus. 
ACTUAL PROBLEMS: *Taal Volcano's recent and impending eruption* *suspected cases of novel Corona Virus* *innocent people (e.g. farmers, children, etc.) being killed by EJKs* DUTERTE:  …
[ABC News pre-prod meeting] "OK, what've we got?" "Corona virus! Doctors on a Chernobyl-like suicide mission!" "Actually, the death rate is only 3-4%" "Oh, I know. It's just that Adam Bandt is on holidays so we have to have a scary new extinction apocalypse" "Fair call" #ETW
Death by Corona Virus in India : 0 Death by Modi's Demonetization : 105 Which virus is more deadly?
5/ HERE's an amazing article laying out the FACTS of the Corona virus "development" and concludes with a question:  …
4/ Adam's 'A' team lost miserably on the Senate floor today... I think another "Plan A" of the cabal may have 'lost'. Here's my graphic of POTUS meeting re Corona Virus. NOTE the DR has on an A badge? Was this the Deep State's last stand against us? Disease? 
Unbelievable?!We haven’t even seen a single case of corona virus, have they even studied the molecular structure of the virus?This kind of ‘cure’ claim would auto invite action under preview of Drugs and Magical Remedies Act.But guess what? It’s the govt that is making claims!  …
I apologize for earlier joke about #coronavirus and @Corona beer. Evidently there are morons out there who think there's a connection.
Beenzino: Wish I can travel a lot this year! YB: Be careful of catching corona hyung TT not the beer Corona Fan: I heard it is mostly spread by mouth YB: Ah.. so.. (In Korean this expression is ‘gurokuna’ but he replied ‘corokuna’ as a play on ‘corona’) (trans by redsun)  …
Can someone explain to me how Tembisa Hospital has been designated as one of the hospitals which will be used to handle any cases of the corona virus in SA when they struggled to control the virus which recently killed 10 babies in that hospital?
At a taco joint by myself and I started coughing from almost choking on a chip. Nearby customers looked worried so I lifted my beer bottle and declared “Don’t worry folks! I only have this kind of Corona virus!” No one laughed and I’m now quietly eating my shame. 
IMO The Corona virus is a biological weapon. China will have to implement tracking systems to guarantee the authenticity and quality of imported foods and medicines. Everything will change in China after Corona virus epidemic. Probably Vechain $VET will play an important role
if you’re an anti vaxer, you should be exempt from any corona virus treatment
Hey @timesofindia WHY DO YOU HAVE AN ARTICLE SAYING CORONA VIRUS CAN BE PREVENTED WITH ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE? IT CANNOT BE. USE YOUR BRAINS AND DO SOME BASIC RESEARCH. NOTHING CAN PREVENT IT. Regards An exasperated alternative medicine practitioner
Good Idea. Take the Sanghis to Wuhan and each and every Corona virus  suicide.  …
Google searches for 'Corona beer virus' surge as people confuse Mexican beer with deadly 
I doubt this  as much of a shock to my followers but Google reported that there have been thousands of searches on the brand Corona Beer. Many thought that the beer was causing the coronavirus. Most were from the US. Well that's what we are dealing with. Dumb + dumber
Kind of hoping the Corona virus hits Hollywood, so we can finally quarantine that place with fire.
It has taken China 48hrs to build 1st Corona virus hospital. 1st patient confirmed healed and discharged. 
Not surprised if her other stops will get postponed too. This corona virus ain’t gonna go away anytime soon. Its getting dangerous and its spreading fast ㅠㅠㅠ
Corona virus in the UAE I’m so scared guys Pray for me 
LOOK: A medical store in Bambang, Sta. Cruz, Manila give out free surgical mask, one per person, as N95 mask and surgical mask went out of stock on Thursday, January 30, 2020 due to high demand amid the corona virus scare. | GRIG C. MONTEGRANDE / Philippine Daily Inquirer 
“The remedy for the Corona-virus is simple... Lyme disease.” Got my Dad joke in tonight on @KennedyNation with @jimmyfailla and @cwburns as my 
 Exactly what iwas telling a friend today. THE VACCINE WILL BE WHAT KILLS AND THEY'LL BLAME CORONA VIRUS. ITS ALL A HOAX AND FEAR PORN. DON'T HAVE ANY VACCINES FROM NOW... EVER AGAIN
So what if you're actually wearing a mask against corona virus? It's not OA. The threat is real. I'm gonna live and y'all stay being fvcking stupid.  …
Ut oooh, someone got the Corona virus 
This dumb white bitch was drunk off her ass and approached me while I was w my bf and asked if we brought the corona virus. I swear to god if it wasn’t for my bf stopping me I probably would’ve stomped her face in for being fucking racist.
Sad as it seems but I think SM should reconsider about Taeyeon’s The Unseen tour. All of her stops (SG, Thailand, Taiwan) have confirmed cases of corona virus. Yes the BKK and Taipei stops are quite far from now, but viruses don’t go away overnight or in a week.
‘Corona virus Is Because Of Climate Change’ Says Warren  …
I'm not in the timeline where Corona Virus kills humanity. I'm in my highest timeline. I'm not in the timeline where AI enslaves humanity through a matrix simulation. I'm in my highest timeline. I'm not in the timeline where fear consumes humanity. I AM MY IN MY HIGHEST TIMELINE!
Our thoughts are with the Govt & people of Madagascar. So many disasters the world over; Corona Virus in China, fires in Australia, severe weather in Madagascar, high tides cause floods in Maldives. Environment protection & sustainable development  all the more important.  …
Let's prevent and protect ourselves from Corona virus Please R3ad ans spread 
Thinking about workshopping a joke that connects the disease/afflication "CORONAVIRUS" to the well-known popular "CORONA" beverage. Stay tuned.
China closes stock market trading till Feb 3, Due to Corona virus. Never again will we be under their Control. Brexit law, Royals out. #FLYROTHSFLY#PEACE IN THE MIDDLE EAST. Now we know why they want Trump out. Gobal NWO End.  …
Consequences of irrational fear mongering. And not a single reported case of corona virus in the country yet. 
When introvert hear that corona virus only spread thought human interaction : 
I have corona  
Happening now: Just walked past Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney’s Camperdown to see a team setting up a Corona Virus clinic. Lots of signs around the hospital pointing to the new clinic. 
Live mice dipped in some corona...I guess that’s how you get #coronavirus  …
Corona Virus + Lyme Disease = beach vibes
How’s my mom gunna say the cure for corona is wudhu
Calgary moots pls be vigilant I can send you the screenshot of a text i received about corona virus through dm if you want but we might have a case here too, PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS AND SANITIZE LIKE YOUVE NEVER SANITIZED BEFORE
The governments around the world will say the Corona virus came from consuming bats. It’s a lie. The virus was man made in a lab. Just letting you all know before the news tried to abuse the ignorance, racism, and low IQ levels of basic Americans.
I’ll take a corona virus and limes disease.... hold the virus and disease
Australia - Wild fire China - Corona Virus Brazil - Floods India - BJP What's happening in this world ? जो हैं, सो हैं। किसी को कोई शक ? #मोदी_शाह_एंटीनेशनल_हैं @Dr_Uditraj @aiparisangh @NSYF4india @ihansraj 
*Chinese man next to me coughs* Me: Aisa mat Corona bhai
I must’ve caught the corona virus haha. Just messing with you, you want one? The name's Mike by the way 
K I feel super bad joking about the corona virus earlier CBC: University of Manitoba officials have confirmed a case of the coronavirus within the  Check to follow updates:  … *Spread The News!!*
If I Get The Coronavirus, I Want Lime Disease Too Because You Can’t Have Corona Without The Lime
I wonder what youtuber is going to fake getting the corona virus for views first, my bets on jaystation
This is the meeting where the Trump Administration talks about the corona virus which means we're all pretty much going to die. 
Ur mcm is joking about how he’s gonna get the corona virus from the Chinese student sitting next to him when he hasn’t showered for 4 days
i swear to god if you call me any asian slur i will cough on u just to make u think u got corona stupid bitch
Corona virus in the air?? That’s coo. 
The Chinese might have the Corona Virus, but we have the worst, we have the Clinton virus. It never goes away and has the largest death count.
YouTube just removed my video from yesterday where I discussed chlorine dioxide (MMS), the corona virus patents and how it may have been bioengineered. Not surprising. All of my information about MMS will have to go on my website and BitChute. Writing up a blog about this now 
Corona Virus is not a social media candy. People have died from it. I don't understand how netizens still find this amusing. IT HAS THE POTENTIAL TO WIPE OUT THE ENTIRE HUMAN POPULATION (INCLUDING YOU AND YOUR FAMILY).
No matter where you are, You have to take care of yourself. Put on a mask eat only safe food. Wherever you feel venture of Virus Corona, please don't go. Must make yourself safe #CareAbouTyou_KDPPE
Just a heads up, if you’re going to the bar DONT ORDER A CORONA!
Lord, Please protect America from the Corona virus. Protect people around the world. Have mercy on those who have contracted it.Please heal and save them. Please keep this from spreading. Save lives and save souls. Thou art the Great Physician. Help us, in Jesus name, Amen.
Here's a quick summary of January 2020: 1. Australia’s bush fire 2. Philippine’s eruption 3. vs war 4. Ukrainian plane crash 5. Indonesian flood 6. Corona virus breaks out in China 7. Kobe Bryant’s helicopter crash 8. Anep kekal encem Semoga Februari lebih indah & tenang
"Google Trends show that between January 18 and January 26, searches for “corona beer virus” soared by 2,300% globally."
ppl are now concerned w/ the possibility of corona virus cases in our country yet the president is still talking abt his frontline issue since 2016 elections that obv he CANNOT solve until now due to his wrong approach in addressing it! WE HAVE A CLOWN IN MALACAÑANG WAKE UP PPL  
i was trying to find some tweets from today's mcd pre-record but instead, i found tweets about FIXes who came to the pre-record today gonna make their 'debut' on news broadcast bcs they got interviewed about the corona virus icb fix will appear on news broadcast before cix does- 
I’m not canceling any of my pitches next week due to corona virus. But I am upgrading my HealthSecOps from Purell wipes to Zombiemode. I can still sign checks through the 6mil gloves. But, seriously, if you’ve been to China in the last two weeks we are moving to Zoom. 
I found a good information about Corona Virus, that's might help The information is from a lecturer who attend expert discussion about corona virus held by A University (UNHAS) This is a rushed translation, but here's a summary of what it is:  
Corona beer rus 
PSA TO ALL MY LOCKHART PEOPLE one of my moms friends kids has the corona virus and they are FROM lockhart. wash your hands and take care of yourselves y’all
You should also just start drinking a Corona to top it all off.
Why do people constantly confuse racism with hard, cold, truth? The Corona virus is real, it's deadly, its spreading... Yes, it was very rude; I would have done the same. Frankly, I would stop taking public transport & seek a carpool with coworkers...find other transportation.
A certain group seems to be excited for a confirmed Corona Virus case in our own Country!
the corona virus has officially hit vegas and yall still hitting each others puff bars smh. it was nice knowing yall
The Indian Health Service is taking steps to prepare for the Novel Coronavirus even as Trump administration officials say the risk to Americans is low. Indian Country Today story by Quindrea Yazzie. #Corona  …
idk why everyone is freaking out about the corona virus, just drink bud light instead
I know scientists are curious; I'm curious, too. But do we really need a lab-created corona virus?  …
Y’all scared of corona virus but you still hittin raw??
Some people think coronavirus, Corona beer are related, Internet search queries suggests 
the party arrested doctors who were trying to tell the truth about the wuhan corona virus as early as January 1. imagine a china where they had been allowed to speak. imagine how much more could have been done to save people's lives.  …
Coronavirus sparks Google search spike in 'Corona beer virus' and 'beer virus'  #FoxNews
White people wanna make racist jokes about the Corona Virus like they weren’t the worst plague that wiped out entire cultures
this corona outbreak got me like 
#VeryInteresting 789 —> #Q789 references the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Just happens to be a funding source for Pirbright Institute, tied to the Corona Virus. Don @realDonaldTrump is now tweeting about the Corona Virus  …  
Safety is Personal at Corona Hills 0601 95 Days Safe. #roadto365 #safetyawareness @JCPerez1226 @EditReyes4 @Biancaquiroz @Cathy34673210 @LisaFerence @georgegoss12159 
I was released late last night. I don’t have the flu, ammonia, or the Corona Virus. I caught another virus that should go away by the weekend. I deeply appreciate everyone who has reached out  on this post  …
We geeeetttt it, you don’t have corona virus
Humans are supposed to be smarter than this. A Disturbing Number of People Think Coronavirus Is Related to Corona Beer - VICE  …
On Sept. 29-30, 2013, a magnetic filament of solar mater. erupted on the sun. The 200,000 mile long filam. ripped through the sun's atmosphere, the corona, leaving behind what looks like a canyon of fire. The imgs in this video were captured by NASA's SDO.  
Heineken Using Mask In Front Of Corona 'Virus' 
Siri, is this the corona virus 
The Corona virus is definitely NOT something to be joking around with, especially with the epidemic spreading currently worldwide. Please take care of yourself and remember to stay hydrated and wash your hands often. 
So that's what they meant with "drink responsibly". You drink too much, you get the virus. Online searches for "corona beer virus," "beer virus," and "beer coronavirus" have increased substantially around the world since January 18. 
Corona virus is the new Ebola panic. Remember when we all got Ebola and died?
the corona virus outbreak doesn’t give you a pass to generalize and be racist towards asians
THREAD #coronaravirus - posting screenshots from @washingtonpost live blog. First, WHO is meeting to determine if corona virus is a public health emergency of international concern. I talked to two different doctors today in NYC, both told me there is no reason to panic. 1. 
just ordered a pint, i’m not scared of no corona virus
Some people think coronavirus, Corona beer are related, Internet search queries suggests 
Four people in Monterey County have been tested for corona virus. Here's what you need to know about the virus and prevention methods:  …
OK PATRIOTS: JUST TO BE CLEAR! The Coronavirus has absolutely NOTHING to do with the Mexican Beer Corona! BUT, if it will make you feel better have a shot of Tequila with the Beer! Coronavirus: Google searches for Corona beer surge due to virus outbreak  …
Did you mean “beer virus” or “corona beer virus”? ‘Corona beer’ sees surge in Google searches because of coronavirus  …
Looks like @Glorinsz has the corona virus 
is it just me or now that the coronavirus is a thing EVERYONE is getting sick?! like is it  cold or corona i’m nervous
corona virus   …
does the corona virus have anyone else like more scared than they’ve ever been? cool yeah me too
The Chinese might have the Corona Virus, but we have the worst, we have the Clinton virus, it never goes away. 
What is Nigeria's policy on the Corona Virus and the thousands on Chinese living in Nigeria that went off to China for the holidays? Will they be allowed to just fly back to Abuja, Lagos, and other Nigerian cities? @Fmohnigeria @nighealthwatch @MBuhari @kfayemi @Fmohnigeria
TRUST THE PLANT! Folks, I have negotiated with the Corona Virus in order to make a GREAT DEAL and bring MANUFACTURING JOBS JOBS JOBS back to our great Pfizer Pharma Plant in Guangdong! Will end up being BETTER GDP (although fake news won't tell you). I do not get proper credit!)  
Went to the doctor cuz i had a mild cough, they in there treating me like I had the corona virus Tutorial and more vids when I get better aids. I love u
Corona and Lyme 
BE ADVISED Bird flu came from birds. Swine flu came from pigs. Coronavirus came from the consumption of the alcoholic beverage Corona.
Its refferring to the manu fans not been able nto fly home to china due to the corona virus travel restrictions???
no one: the corona virus: 
Corona virus spotted  …
Corona Virus goin around and I’m still touching my face 
Don't worry about the corona virus, worry about people who don't understand the difference between  illness with  resistance and a new vector of a disease. They're the ones that get everyone killed.  …
I’m on Prep why would I be worried about Corona....besides I don’t even drink beer anyway so
Gays realizing the corona virus has nothing to do with drinking beer and they’re not off the hook 
Westerhailes is ready for the Corona virus some patter min 
Attention please, just because of the outbreak of the Corona Virus. It does not make it okay for you to be xenophobic or racist towards Asian people xoxo Have a good day!
i know the corona virus is scary but can y’all stop being racist
Gutfeld just now ="Keep revving Trump up & he'll end up solving the Corona Virus & make China PAY FOR IT! 
thought this was a map for the corona virus outbreak  …
Klopp and this team are defying all the odds. World War 3 potentially Starting, the Corona Virus and most deadly... Ole at the wheel. 
Some People Seem to Think Coronavirus is Related to Corona Beer — It's Not 
Please do one ab the corona virus
This government managing a global outbreak doesn't fill one with confidence. Backbench corona virus truthers on Sky Funeral Directors of Australia writing columns in the Oz about how pandemics can be good. Plague Enthusiast Facebook groups. Can't wait.
imagine what corona students are going through
If the corona virus  with a side of lime disease I don’t want it
stop hiding behind corona virus to justify tweeting about how chinese people disgust you
Let's be clear: You can't get it from drinking Corona 
Evidently this new corona virus is making people racist. That's an unusual side effect. Boy, if Indigenous people got mad at people who introduced diseases to us, I think we'd be looking across the other ocean.
No one: My mom: the corona virus is an engineered virus by the US to cleanse some populations. My dad: the corona virus is sent by God to the Chinese people as a punishment for what they did to Muslims.
Fake news: 2000 rupee note has a nano GPS chip. Real news: govt says Homeopathy will cure the disease from corona virus.
The Corona virus is not a Chinese only virus deadass even your homeboy can have it, so stfu and stay up to date and get into the habit of taking necessary precautions incase it goes rampant in the city you live in
I sneezed twice during a lecture and the white kid next to me asked if I had Corona. I told him yeah and sneezed closer. I swear mfs stay testing me.
she is a volunteer lady doctor..going to wuhaan city...to treat corona virus patients...this is a potential suicide mission..and her husband knows she may  back..salute to lady proving that doctors can also die for their country #respect 
Corona? There’s defo a beer joke to be had here one of you must have one in your draughts  …
Me realizing I can’t get the corona virus cause I don’t drink 
Chinese dudes  into the corner store asking for beer... bro you worried about the wrong Corona
What a coincidence! The logo of a biological research lab in China has the same logo as the Umbrella Corporation from Resident Evil... Are both into developing Zombies? Also Corona is an anagram of Racoon which is the name of the city where The Umbrella Corporation started. 
Stressed about the Corona Virus? Here are some tips to stay safe! DO wash your hands DO sanitize objects you touch frequently, such as doorknobs, light switches, & your phone DO NOT make a public health scare your opportunity to be a racist shithead DO use hand sanitizer
Damn I want some corona virus so I can have some lean in my blood
Ariana Grande has recently donated $3 Million to help treat people affected by the Corona Virus. 
As per some Islamic scholars, Al is punishing China by Corona virus, becoz of Chinese treatment for uiger Muslims. But still Chinese Muslims r living in detention camps, their females r sleeping with Han mens. Edited version of Quran allowed, Mosques destroyed. What AL is doing?
Corona virus is in NW London??????????
Not to keep going on with the Pantone264 hate (not my style!) but I have just received confirmation by my science team that they are, in fact, responsible for global warming and also world hunger and Ebola and the Corona virus. Hard to keep defending them at this point, tbh.
