thank god im muslim can’t mess with this corona stuff because beer is haram alhamdullilah
before the corona virus kills us all, does anyone wanna admit they have a crush on me
i got the corona virus #gang
guy who runs the corona twitter account: congrats boys we’ve gone viral
In wake of the Corona and Wuhan diseases?  …
duke students with the flu talking about, “where’s the pregame”, mf you worried about the wrong corona
Corona virus confirmed at Sunnybrook Hospital in Toronto, please stay at home if you’re feeling unwell
China can keep their BAT soup and their Corona Virus. India News is stating they are lying about the numbers and the severity. #CoronaOutbreak
the corona virus jokes are of extremely poor taste and y'all are losers for making them
News: Corona virus is spreading The sun: Virus on my what?!
Probably That's How Started The Corona-Virus In China. 
Trump thought that the coronavirus started in Mexico because it had Corona in its name
Oh oh. Corona reported in Toronto the DIVERSE!
bruh the Corona Virus is apparently in Toronto and im like sick af if I die make sure my videos get on drama alert
Your second @got corona virus
This corona virus sh^t sounds scary. Are we all gonna die soon??
BREAKING: Canadian government announces that the first Corona Virus Case has been confirmed in Toronto, Ontario. #CoronaOutbreak #coronarovirus #CoronaVirusToronto #Toronto #WuhanCoronavirus 
A Toronto Hospital has a presumed positive case of Corona Virus - the first in Canada as the global outbreak continues to spread. Ontarians are still at a low risk say officials at an announcement happening now.  …
#BREAKING: Ontario government confirms first possible case of corona virus in the province.
Yes... the Corona virus was INVENTED (just like AIDS) and has a PATENT Who is it patented by? THE PIRBRIGHT INSTITUTE 
Scooter started the corona virus because China is Taylor’s 2nd biggest market
Here’s an up to date press conference regarding the novel corona virus. Please retweet to medical colleagues. @FamPhysCan @OntarioCollege @OntariosDoctors @CMA_Docs @canadanurses @NPAOntario @afhto @davidkaplanmd  …
imagine someone had the corona virus @summer gathering
In other news Barnaby Joyce said there was no need to worry, Mexicans came up with an antidote, all you have to do is drink a sixpack of Corona every hour.
me faking the corona virus so i get so skip school and get special treatment by doctors to treat myself 
Corona virus now in Toronto.
personally i think releasing a deadly virus was a weird marketing move for corona
Apparently the Corona virus hides in rhino horns among other things. Please RT and spread the message far and wide  …
Before the corona or coors light virus or wtv it is pulls up on us im trynna find the loml
my uncle said he aint catchin the corona virus cause all he drink is budlight 
i keep updating my Mom about the #coronarovirus and she keeps saying she “ago stop drink Corona”
Corona virus? all the hispanics finna be infected
this was the nurse on their lunch break after it was confirmed that they were helping the first man to bring corona virus to toronto 
Another mask and infection  pumping over 100% since the spread of Corona Virus,. 
If corona virus had started somewhere in Africa, the entire western countries would've barred their citizens  to Africa by now. Just saying.
My new ensemble is ready! Now I am prepared for the Corona virus. AND that dastardly White Spy as well! 
I keep seeing the updates & even memes of corona virus. I got a rare strain of corona virus 3 years ago from a patient that was visiting from another country and I ended up hospitalized for an entire week.I suffered extremely high fevers, a painful rash,weakness. It was no joke.
URGENT: #TorontoCoronaVirus - • #Toronto now confirms it’s first case of corona virus. • Male, 50s, came back from #WUHAN and became ill within a day. • He is now quarantined at Sunnybrook hospital in Toronto.
#كورونا #Corona we will waiting the war between Iran and USA after this virus 
What implications if the corona virus turns into an actual issue? - protests where many people gather - trump can use it to enact bad policies - economic effects - increase in distrust of foreigners - voting and elections effects
stream corona virus, don’t let her flop   …
CORONA VIRUS PATENT Dang!!! I didn't know what I was getting into this morning, but it went wayyyyy deeper than I expected. I found this stuff out in a few hours. Imagine what  out in the next few days and weeks.
First the threat of WW3 and now the Corona Outbreak. The universe will never let us live to see a Leafs Stanley Cup
ayo just asked a chinese bartender for a corona and then he coughed on me?  …
Ominous signs. Forbidden City (major tourist attraction) is now closed, and tours in #Beijing are now cancelled. I fear that #Beijing soon may be locked down, joining at least 11 of cities in #China with a collective 50+ million people. #2019nCoV #corona  …
Nicki Minaj as corona viruses [a thread] 
corona virus being treated as a joke like you all did with ebola. not funny. no one laughed. plus you’re an idiot.
Armys are really making a meme over the corona virus ? Y’all really need help. Using bts as thread over this virus is so messed up. Come on now. This shit is serious. And y’all make threads and make it as a joke? Ppl are dying cause of this virus please Get help.
After China isolated and displaced a million Muslims from the Uighurs, here is the whole world today isolating China because of the Corona pandemic 
“CNN go” is covering Corona virus.
First Mexican victim of corona virus 
Did you know there's a BEER called Corona, like the virus!? - everyone on Twitter
People are dying of corona virus and u think its okay to do a thread like this? Not to mention its so disrespectful towards taehyung. He is not a disease?? Gonna block and report. @V_SNlPPER
china wanted to keep those muslims in concentration camps and now they’re sick cause of the corona virus, I say ALLAH DOESN’T SLEEP  …
You know what goes great with the Corona virus? Lyme disease
Ways to prevent getting the Corona virus: a thread
Gates Foundation was working with China. The “corona-virus” was manufactured in a lab in China.  …
if you wear a crown while watching a total solar eclipse while drinking a pale lager while in a particular neighborhood in queens, ny, you’ve already got the corona virus only 3 ppl will get this send tweet
before the corona virus breaks out anyone wanna admit they have a crush on me
I love how the MSM is spinning that Q followers are spreading disinformation about Bill Gates being connected to the Corona Virus when he predicted it almost 30 years ago  …
Danny Devito is immune to the coronavirus he has achieved this by drinking 10 gallons of corona every day for 6 years
You know what goes good with Corona Virus? Lyme disease
Was this corona virus named after the Corona beer or what
I just don't believe all the fearmongering about this Corona virus. It seems like every few years they hype up some bullshit virus to scare people into getting shitty vaccines. I think it's fake and ghey. Swine Flu, Bird Flu, H1N1, SARS, Ebola etc...none of it amounted to shit.
Forget the corona virus for the moment and let’s talk about the 5 Al-Qaeda terrorist with bogus papers caught in  into our country illegally.
1. I want to raise this so people will start to pay attention. The Corona virus in China is serious but @CDCemergency says it's not presently a major threat to the US. China has state controlled media. My best analysis is that the CCP is engaged in starting a panic. Why?
PANDAS, spread pls: PlayM must postpone the HongKong Concert, There are security conditions, as well as Corona virus that has spread..I'm so sorry to say that but that's for the sake of the safety of Apink and PANDAS as well.. #Apink #에이핑크 @PlayM_Official @Apink_2011
Guess it's time to stockpile hazmat suits, face masks and hand sanitaziers because of the Corona virus...
The Corona virus is extremely worrying. Experts predict several hundred thousand could be infected in a few weeks. It spreads much faster than the Spanish flu. China says it's a "grave situation" - 50 million quarantined WHY HAVEN'T WE STOPPED ALL FLIGHTS FROM CHINA YET???
A bottle of Corona is £7 in the Observatory at Grand Central Hotel.
I have literally no idea what to believe about Corona.  …
This is a good map to track the Corona Virus. h/t @DeltaOne  …
can’t get the corona virus if i only drink modelos
even corona virus got that #1, Justin Bieber could never  …
In my youth I used to deliver Corona. Feeling guilty now. (poor taste?)
1/ A corona virus is a virus which has little appendages on top looking like a crown, hence the name. The big issue is the rapidity of the illness. Your body will form antibodies against it. The question is, can you live long enough for this to happen.
Am I at risk of coronavirus even if I've never had a Corona before?
you're tellin me there's a virus in this corona?? 
Protect yerself from the Corona Virus. 
i didn't expect malaysia medical staff can be this dumb too... where the fuck is your fuckin gloves maam corona virus can be transmit by direct contact kot yall surely aware about this at first place omg malaysia darul bebal ke ni  …
Corona virus has been confirmed in these countries - Australia - China - France - Hong Kong - Japan - Nepal - Singapore - South Korea - Taiwan - Thailand - United States Tell Buhari to kindly stay in one place DONT RISK OUT LIVES! @Fmohnigeria @FAANNIG @nigimmigration NOA
if every Corona gets its lime... are we the limes?
This corona virus is scary wtf
Y’all talkin bout this corona virus 
My Summary - The 2019-nCoV is the 7th member of the corona viruses. 4 are benign. The other 2 have caused epidemic disasters (MERS & SARS CoV.) - Its an RNA virus and Zoonotic. - Causes death via ARDS from severe pneumonia. - Crown shaped virus. Corona is Latin word for crown.  …
I have not read this yet, just found it. CIA declassified doc about the CORONA satellite system. Keep in mind they say this program ended in 1972.  
Breaking: Chinese government hires Theranos for blood tests Now says there are zero confirmed cases of Corona Virus Well played, XI #china #coronarvirus #pandemic @OpenOutcrier @DiMartinoBooth @GaryKaltbaum
Headed to Corona Cigar Bar to enjoy a stick or two with my Starbucks + people watch, this simple relaxing moment will last up to 6hrs
The whole corona virus thing is scary is hell
the logo on the left is the  whos making the antivirus for the new disease which is “corona” on the right is the logo of  in the movie “resident evil” who created a virus to kill ppl and turn them into zombies haha...??????!!!!! 
tw // corona virus remember a while ago somebody said on rather tiktok or twitter that there’s gonna be another plague bc there’s too many people on the world ,,, and now theres the corona virus ,, this shit s scary af
Idk, viruses are pretty big jerks if you ask me. One named Corona is being particularly troublesome rn.  …
In replies you'll find out they have Corona Satellites, too. Interesting 'coincidence'  …
I bet the marketing people at Corona really wish this thing was called Heinekenfluenza.
Marketing execs at Corona Beer celebrating the Coronavirus outbreak 
So six months ago a Chinese scientist who specialized in corona virus was caught sending pathogens from a Canadian lab to the Wuhan lab. Pure coincidence.  …
This corona virus news is crazy. Man!
this is kind of scary but better to be informed. The corona virus Rt to spread awareness 
Corona Virus boutta get a feature from Drake  …
The Corona Virus is officially in the US. If you cough anywhere near me, there’s a 100% chance I’m hittin’ you with a Stone Cold stunner. Merica.
When I went to the bar, I asked the Chinese bartender for a Corona and this mfer started coughing on me???
no girls love me. i lost 31 levels and 28 diamonds. i hope the corona virus takes me out i dont wanna live anymore. 
The only doctors who can stop Corona Virus 
The China virus aka corona virus has spread as far away from China to Australia, France and the US now has claimed the life of a doctor working in a hospital in China. The coronavirus which causes pneumonia now has claimed around 40 lives and has infected about 1200 people 
Can you get the coronavirus from drinking corona
2020 is a disaster : iranXusa burning forest in australia corona virus now ebola virus ITS NOT EVEN FEBRUARY YET
Listen, everything isn’t my fault. The only Corona outbreak I’ve been personally responsible for included a village of Hecho en Mexico ladies and a long weekend of foggy faceplate fun.
Using Corona virus as the trigger for a global economic collapse. Main economic center of China “Wuhan” on total quarantine lockdown. Trade deal is signed but will vaporize because of this, they knew al along. Virus will spread globally, economy will reset with #XRP #CBDC 
The Corona Virus is one way to end the protests in Hong Kong & elsewhere in the world I wish I believed In coincidences, but I don’t. The Corona Virus was diagnosed 3-4 months after a vaccine patent in November 2019 &amp; a Corona ‘Pandemic Exercise’ in October 2019  …
The legacy of Belgian imperialism in China and the Corona virus, an  The virus is spreading by train, the main part of this network, the Beijing-Wuhan (Hankow) line was built around 1900 by the Belgo-French Société d’Etude de Chemins de Fer en Chine. 
Can't get the virus if you've already got Corona. 
okay i see people joking about it but like ???? am i the only fucking person actually scared of this corona virus outbreak
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
extremely heart wrenching to see how the doctors and nurses are having breakdowns but yet risking their lives to save more lives for the corona virus hoping the whole situation will get better and a solution/vaccine  soon
#모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 (Halt all artists' schedules) fandoms of every groups/artists are currently trending this hashtag to postpone the concerts/fanmeetings/tours etc all events (included overseas schedules) due to corona virus outbreak in south korea & several countries
I ordered some face masks from amazon, this corona virus is really scaring me!!! If there are any outbreaks in LA I’m just gonna start wearing them no shame!
this whole corona virus situation finally giving me an excuse to not leave my room 
Corona virus is already in India and we are chilling like how bjp supporters chill before loksabha election results
Again, your chances of getting the flu and dying from it are MUCH higher than ever  into contact with the Corona Virus.
Why is no one marking son? He doesn't have the corona Ffs. 
Imagine breakup with someone because corona virus
More about CORONA virus and about how it affects mankind.. Alert for mankind.. Take care of basic hygiene and stay safe people...!! #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronoavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Corona virus in China, MOCA on fire. All around this new year. Sending lots of love to the Chinese diaspora.
Hamayun Saeed ko corona virus hogya hai, he is asking Mehwish not to touch him
i'm sure the corona virus is bad but do y'all not remember all these other epidemics that were gonna wipe us out this past decade alone? remember when ebola was gonna take over the country and everyone was gonna die from the swine flu?
You know a virus is serious when autofill knows what you’re typing — especially after only four letters. Corona beer can’t be happy with all this. 
I would love to think that, in China, Corona virus is known as Kung Flu...
This city is believed to be the source place of Corona Virus. Age of Hi-tech brains, ever advanced medical science & resources yet it looks like the abandoned town of Medieval due to epidemic. Invincibility is the trait of Creator, the Almighty.  …
CORONA virus outbreak in China,France,Mexico..and virus spread accelerating rapidly worldwide..!! All you need to know about virus.. Spread as much as you can.. Alert for mankind.. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaOutbreak #coronoavirus 
My Corona Virus in #PlagueInc is already infected 228,292,983 people.. Majority in China. Its already spreading to major countries 
Corona virus goes great with limes disease Okay I’ll see myself out now
not jo1 related but everyone please take care of your health, don't forget to wearing masks if you go out, don't forget to always washing your hands too, the corona virus is just so scary it's already infected more than 10+ countries
"Ebola chan" now "corona chan", is there nothing weebs won't meme on with stupid 2D disease Waifus?? these are all  to the real traditional 3D grandmother of them all....typhoid Mary. 
Omg. They know what it is. And that’s why 33 million people are in lockdown...or is it 40 million now...and we are told not to worry because there are only a few cases here...14 day incubation...a week live virus lives outside host if similar to other corona viruses...aerosolized
What do u thing about Corona? They are victims of the Corona Virus! 
I'm here hoping the virus  to my country because it's fvcking dangerous but people on the replies making fun of it and act like Corona virus is just a joke. Can y'all take some important things seriously for once? Smh  …
POV: i caught you're staring at me, i woke up, we stared at each other's face, I kiss you, we made up, we kongkek, and then we eat whatever's in the fridge cause we ain't going out suiciding ourselves with corona virus 
I used to react like that when I drank too much fizzy pop as a kid, but I thought the Corona virus was eradicated in the ‘90s. 
Corona's virus are getting bigger. You need to reschedule their schedule. Pls, its for them. And for their fans too. @SMTOWNGLOBAL #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
If an egirl can get thousands of likes, how many can a brave victim of corona virus get? 
Corona Virus - Reason #3429 why we need secure borders and to check everyone who enters our nation.
Corona..... so disgusting a beer they named a virus after it!
China’s leader wouldn’t make this pronouncement or take these measures unless it were EXTREMELY serious. We live in an age of easy global travel so be aware *Xi calls Corona virus a "grave" situation *48,000,000 people on lockdown  …
Hello, @POCKETDOLZ please postpone the fanmeeting due to corona virus. dohyon & hangyul’s health must be on priorities. i hope you listening to us. #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 
More importantly, the epicenter of this outbreak is just 20km apart from the the virology Centre. I am really worried that people took tested animals as food for sale in that market... and honestly China CCTV mentioned that they discovered a new corona virus back in Apr 2018... 
We as Pakistani extend heartiest facilitation to our Chinese brothers n sisters on New Years & Also wish and pray that Wuhan, Hubai and all China gets better and clear of this corona virus. We stand by our Chinese friends in this testing time. @zlj517 @AounSahi
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
Tw// corona virus This is so fckn scary bro people are just dropping like flies and there’s still no vaccine or cure 
me breaking into ed sheeran’s house after catching the corona virus 
It is still in the first month of 2020 and many disaster happens -Australia burning -Flood in Jakarta -World War 3 threats -Volcanic Eruption in Philippines -Australia hail and dust storm - and the RECENT one is Corona Virus threats May God protect us from disaster
me: can i have one bottle of corona virus please barman: would you like a slice of lyme disease with that? me: no i just want the corona
Yall think Corona gone be as poppin as Ebola was? Not in terms of death toll but like clout
speaking of the corona virus, i hope everyone stays safe. wear masks, constantly wash your hands, and bring a sanitizer with you everywhere you go.
Corona virus is not new Vaccines have existed The string changes & the vaccine  useless When the virus morphs a new vaccine must be designed w time the virus  more resistant  …
Good summary article for the Corona virus if anyone is curious...  …
Okay so it actually says that the fans were asking MBK Ent. to postpone their activities because of the outbreak of Wuhan Corona Virus in Korea. #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 
Please help trend this #티오피_팬미팅_취소해 #엠비케이_팬미팅_취소해 #플레이엠_팬미팅_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄 #아티스트_보호해_스케줄_취소해 #모든아티스트_스케줄_취소해 We ask TOP, MBK, PlayM to cancel/postponed the fanmeetings due to Corona virus outbreak in Korea
The only corona I'm worried about is a cold one with the boys. Also my flight to China departs in 2 hours.
Corona virus was PATENTED in 2018 by Pirbright Corporation. Bill & Melinda Gates major donors? 2 min video. Knowledge is Powerful.  …
some information about the corona virus: everybody please take care of yourselves!! 
looking up the symptoms of corona virus 
Hey ER guys - docs, nurses, RT’s etc - on the front line. What is the opposite of a playoff beard? We all need to get clean shaven till this corona virus passes! Masks gotta’ fit right! 
please spread these hashtags! wayv has a cafe event on the 31st and nct dream has the dream show in macau. sm should cancel/postpone them in order to protect everyone’s health from the corona virus #웨이션_일일카페_취소해 #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
*2020* ww3 *2020* Iran war *2020* Australian fire *2020* Corona Virus All of this is happening and January isn’t even over yet
Eating 1.5 kilograms of cheap Chinese food in the mall as to prepare myself for the Corona bioweapon virus while my bro who is on a strict diet looks at me absolutely horrified
In 2017, China built a laboratory to study the Corona and Ebola virus in Wuhan, and US biosafety experts warned that the virus might "leak" from the facility, which is what actually happened. 
Close all flights arriving from China temporarily to prevent the Corona virus. @official_pcaa
Stream Corona on spotify yass queen  …
No guys. I mean it. Thank you. Indians love Corona.  …
The Corona Virus in its purest form 
Malaysian ARMYs and ARMYs all over the world, please take a good care of yourself!! The Corona Virus is spreading more and more to other countries There's no vaccine for this virus yet. If you feels like you have these symptoms, do a check up at the hospital! 
Something abt this Corona Virus is just pissing me off. Next thing u know, China may be blaming our Pork 4 the cause spreading it. Bill Gates where are u? U haven't spoke out at all since this virus has spread rampant. Supposedly u knew this wld happen. DEEP STATE MUCH?
I'm shocked the UN isn't blaming the Corona virus on climate change. #JustSaying
The spread of Corona virus isn't something to be downplayed. And since they weren't able to prevent it from spreading, it is said that it might even be 10x worse than SARS.. Just because it isn't in your country yet, doesn't mean it's not something to be worried about.
Train to Busan รึจะสู้ Woohun Corona to Thailand #ไวรัสโคโรนา #ไวรัสโคโรนาสายพันธุ์ใหม่
They decided to cancel the second demonstration and not give it a date notice because of corona virus. they are afraid that if they keep doing the demonstration they will get different reactions from the media  …
Hi blinks, I am sure many people are aware about the corona virus and how serious it is. Yet in the midst of chaos, some  are trying to make their artists go on tour. (BP is no exception, YG has announced an article a few days ago #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해
peach mint is a dud climate scam is a dud corona virus is a dud  …
honestly if this corona virus doesnt stop i might as well just drop spm and get married
Due to corona virus that has reached south korea, kfans are now demanding playm to cancel seungwoo's fanmeeting... 
China is building another 1300 bed hospital to deal with corona virus outbreak. The hospital will be operational in 15 days time. 
Fast & Furious presents Corona Outbreak (2020) 
hi! help spread this hashtag, it was made by kfans to grab sm's attention to cancel the dream show in macau due to corona virus. the members and fans' health is at risk so please help spread so hopefully sm will acknowledge it! #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
mexicans when they hear about a corona virus 
stan twitter when corona virus  a deadly pandemic after they made all those chart jokes ab it 
fuck corona virus. prefer carling virus
The entire Corona outbreak really has y’all showing your asses about how uneducated and xenophobic you are. Instead of focusing on the sensationalism of what’s happening, try to focus on the facts and  for the situation
Really grim scenes from a Chinese hospital besieged by the corona virus  …
everyone stream ebola to stop Corona virus from going #1 worldwide  …
#엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 nct dream are confirmed to have a fanmeet in macau in early ceb. in/direct contact, it’s best for fans, staff, & the boys to stay healthy and away from places like airports, doing fan engagements that can be a critical factor to spreading corona virus.
*corona virus cases in alabang* tamaraws of the south: 
Please spread these hashtags. Kfans are currently trending these hashtags to ask SM to cancel dream show in macau due to corona virus and also postpone/cancel wayv’s cafe event. Health is really important #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
Corona virus outbreak in China and Nigerians are on high alert but are unaware of the lassa fever virus outbreak that is killing them. Hypocrites
so katiny ask to postpone ateez seoul concert bc of the corona virus! I kinda agree ateez should stay healthy and be careful of it so pls spread it atiny bc it's important!!! #에이티즈_월드투어_미뤄
When Liverpool is about to win the league but Corona Virus infects and kills everyone in the UK  
Pls cancel TXT's schedule specially that the number of corona virus infection is increasing. It's very alarming, and exposing our boys to a great crowd and hitouch is too risky. Their health is more important @BigHitEnt #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
help bring awareness for both of these hashtags for their safety against corona virus. both nct dream and wayv #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
please help spread!! czennies are currently trending this hashtag to ask sm to cancel dream show in macau due to the corona virus that’s wildly spreading in china now!! #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
The Corona Virus case reported in Malaysia is from Singapore. But, some Malaysians want to ban all Chinese from entering Malaysia. As per news report at least 10 countries/region reported Corona Virus case including Singapore. Don't spread panic, just follow MOH's advice.
currently kfans are spreading this hashtag asking sm entertainment to cancel dream’s activities in macau due to corona virus. let’s spread the hashtag and hopefully sm will acknowledge. prioritize your artists’ health before anything else @SMTOWNGLOBAL #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
#coronarovirus #coronarovirus China isolates at least 1 million Uyghurs. Corona virus isolates 41 million Chinese residents in 13 cities 
Corona virus is spreading & very dangerous. Txt is currently promoting in Japan and we can't avoid for us to be worried a lot about them. As much as possible if bh can cancel their activities there to secure their safety and health then im totally on it. #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
the corona virus debuted higher than perfect illusion... I hate y'all  …
The corona virus has spread and there’s been confirmed cases here too :( The way its spread through air and human touch also eye contact is worrying. Not only for babies, i hope everyone takes good care of themselves! #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
Only corona we want is Extra and that bitch Mexican #CoronaOutbreak 
sm when will you ever prioritize your artists health? corona virus is a deadly virus and sending nct dream to affected countries and even doing a hi touch? that's too much. please for once make them your priority this is not a joke. #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
TXT still has Hi-touch schedule in Osaka tomorrow, but we so worried about epidemic of corona virus. @BigHitEnt please hear us! #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해 @TXT_members @TXT_bighit
Dear moots this #is Trending no. 1 in S.Korea now. Please help spread the awareness. We don't want Dream's health to be at risk. Corona virus is very deadly, and vaccines have yet to be made. 
3 kasus Corona Virus di Malaysia. Yaa Allah Siap2 gaes. Wuhan virus: Malaysia confirms 3 cases, all patients related to Singapore's first confirmed case 
I’m not overly concerned about the corona virus. I was vaccinated in the 70’s. 
'Ancient' virus picks perfect time to show up alongside Corona after squillions of years.  …
Please share: Community Announcement: Novel Corona Virus hotline. If you suspect you may have Novel Corona Virus, please call the dedicated hotline on 1800 675 398. Please keep Triple zero (000) for emergencies only. For more information visit:  …
"This is a battle between doctors and corona virus." May Allah save all of us.
Is the CORONA virus really a flu virus or  virus? Let's see if the number of new #coronoavirus strains reaches 17 in the next day or two in light of the #SpaceForce being "launched." #QAnon #WWG1GWA #FactsMatter  … 
This is reportedly a footage of people with Corona Virus collapsing at various points in Wuhan, China. @MoIB_Official please campaign for awareness. May Allah have mercy on all of us and keep entire human race, Pakistan and Pakistanis safe. 
In 2017, China built a laboratory to study the Corona and Ebola virus in Wuhan, and US biosafety experts warned that the virus might "leak" from the facility, which is what actually happened. 
literally all my mutuals are making fun of the corona virus, wait until they get themselves infected 
corona virus? it's modelo time
Last night I went to bed having been told that the Corona virus was less dangerous than  or garden variety flu and the only deaths were amongst those with other health problems. This morning I wake up to be told a doctor has been killed by it. So now what?
she wanted a corona beer but he gave her a virus instead — rupi kaur
My fellow Kenyans, I'm told most of our modern day colonial masters travelled back to their county China for their New Year celebrations slated for today 25th Jan 2020. They will be trouping back into their colony soon. Are we prepare for a Corona Virus Outbreak ?
Update: She contracted a pretty bad virus that has been going around this town (*not Corona*) The intense stomach pains & contractions really scared us, but the unborn baby and her are safe, thank God! She's getting treatment and is finally asleep. Going to  fine.
JUST IN: Hong Kong upgrades corona virus response level to emergency tier. All major events, public and private, will be cancelled. All flights, trains to Wuhan cancelled indefinitely.
these corona things, im scared..
Katy Perry as Corona Virus: A thread 
Confirmation today that the #Corona Virus jumped from livestock to humans via poor husbandry and health standards at Chinese live animal markets. You know .. those standards that Jacob Rees Smug said were 'perfectly acceptable' in the UK after #Brexit to replace the EU 
the moment when corona virus dominates the charts and makes it to #1 in all countries... 
cmon guys lets get it to #1 corona unnie fighting!  …
miss Corona virus accepting the virus of the year award and winning against queen ebola, hiv and rabies 
Niggas will really get a fake ID from China just to buy a beer, bro you’re worried about the wrong corona
We need a Corona Virus fancam...anyone?
500 Chinese arrived in Philippines Kalibo Airport and will be sent back to Wuhan China in fear of the corona virus. Good job Kalibo. #Kalibo #CoronaOutbreak #coronaviruswuhan
this corona thing is great and all, but when do we get to the part where everyone dies so i can buy a house for less than one million dollars 
The Corona virus is now in the US, France. One challenge with it is that it's a new virus never seen before in humans, so there are no specific treatments or vaccines for it yet Wash your hands please with soap and water Don't touch your nose,mouth or eyes with unwashed hands
It’s airborned. Any sneeze, any talking any breathing from the Corona patients are infectious. Even if they cough and spit or what on any surface, you will be infected. Pls wear ALL safety apparatus. We don’t want Malaysians to be infected too
They are building a whole new hospital in China in a span of 6 days to treat Corona Virus patients. And the hospital will be demolished once the virus is contained. Just wow !!
China is building a hospital of 1000 bed capacity within the next 10 days for ther corona virus patients. Operational from February 3rd. Namibia, I just .....
I see a few idiots are trying to blame Ardern for "lack of leadership" on Corona virus. What do they want her to do exactly...as the guy on Breakfast mentioned, incubation can be up to a week, screening at airports mostly useless.
y’all scared about coronavirus while i ain’t worried cuz i don’t even drink beer in the first place!! especially corona!! ew ew!!
Corona virus update. You guys are too kind to check on me, but I probably should've clarified a lil!! 
No matter where you are, You have to take care of yourself. Put on a mask, eat only safe food. Wherever you feel venture of Virus Corona, please don't go. Must make yourself safe.
Being a Pakistani we should help our all weather friend China in controlling the corona virus hence we request Chinese government to send all infected patients to GHQ Rawalpindi. Our Pak Army can handle anything. Pak Army Zindabad!
URGENT: #CoronaVirus- CAT scan revealed signs of corona virus on 10-year-old #Shenzhen boy’s lungs even though he had no outward symptoms of infection. Chinese doctors are warning the world that the illness may  mask its symptoms in certain cases. #wuhan #ChinaVirus
got to be ready for corona virus 
China has ordered to built an emergency treatment & quarantine Center within 6 days for Corona Virus Outbreak. The workers are paid 3 times the normal wage. Source: Chinese Media
nah sis this has payola written all over it. we coronians have been doing our best to get corona to #1
i heard the corona virus is spreading in my country :(( so for msian moots pls take care of yourself, wear a mask and drink a lot of water..im worried
(GLOBAL FLASHPOINT) US REMINDS CHINA: CORONA VIRUS LEAKED FROM WUHAN LABORATORY 2 years before virus killed 26 of 830 infected (by 24 Jan) scientists expressed fears about new "biosafety" labs being built at Wuhan from 2017: 5 already built of planned 7  …
you’re in my house. I do as I please. I’m also on heavy meds for the Corona virus, so... whatevs
#thread #corona #كورونا #جامعة_الإمام_عبدالرحمن_بن_فيصل 1/11 We will present in this thread a summary of the available information about the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV).
[ABC News pre-prod meet] "OK, what've we got?" "China!" "Ah, the Motherland…" "Corona Virus! Calls to stop all visitors from China!" "Racist!" "It's a health issue..." "Yes, but if we get Morrison, Dutton, Abbott or Hanson  "It's racism!" *high fives* #ETW
Did Tzuyu just give thanks to the medical personnel fighting the Corona virus?  …
Me: "2020 will be a great years." 2020: The earthquakes. The almost WWIII. The Australian wildfire. The eruption of Taal Volcano. The Corona Virus Me: 
We now have a passenger diagnosed with Corona Flu who arrived in a plane load of 300 which landed in Melbourne from WUHAN on Sunday. Now we could well have many others from that flight walking around carrying that virus. Greed prevented our government from stopping the flight.
not a coincidence that the only lab certified to handle corona virus is in wuhan...and the gates foundation funded the group that has a patent on the virus and is also funding research on the vaccine...they are creating a scenario where folks will want vax  …
Taehyung saying everyone to take care and safety first because of the corona virus these days ㅠㅠ BESTEST BOY and please everyone stay healthy and be safe 
this could be us, tapi kamu kena corona 
Hi babes! Rt to spread awareness. The corona virus isnt a joke anymore!! This is a thread so scroll down!! 
Corona virus  the second deadly thing to originate from China that’s threatening the end of the world after TikTok.
Corona is already in msia guys. Cover your mouth.always wash your hand ok
why are people acting as if going vegan is the immediate solution to avoiding the corona virus when human to human and body fluid contact is dangerous too the doctor himself was died within days of treating a victim and he didnt eat no wuhan meat 
First case of corona virus in Pakistan - in the city of Multan - a traveller who came from China and transited in Karachi
Kindly take time to read the Health Service’s advisory on the 2019-Novel Corona Virus (nCoV). Stay safe, Thomasians! 
if you’re under 21 can you still get Corona? asking for a friend
173/ A part of media is INCORRECTLY reporting about diagnosis of a first case of novel corona virus in Pakistan. We expect responsible reporting by media. Please do not add to nation’s anxiety about nCoronavirus and should meticulously check facts before reporting. Thank you !!
Please spread for awareness. Things you should know about Corona Virus & the methods of protection. Credit : World Health Organization 
Since the MSM is bashing people for discovering that Bill Gates predicted the Corona Virus and trying to pin it on Q people, seems like a good idea to share it  … Wouldn't be the first epidemic Bill Gates 'predicted'
You thought Corona virus was bad? Just wait for Bud Lime
Chinese people be like “this beer taste like shit”, bro you worried about the wrong Corona
I don't understand how people are getting coronavirus? Just stop drinking Corona? It's a shitty beer anyways
Corona Virus? No thanks, I'll take the 211 Steel Reserve Virus. 
i told my uber driver that i had the corona virus he did not laugh
corona virus = look here not there. Distraction. TRDJ+
I think PATRIOTS are in control. Why??? Are they letting this happen? Notice how MANY people are writing about how Bill G owns the patent for the corona virus. Buzzfeed even wrote an article calling it insane theory. What is the point of a movie if not to wake up the people to...
Wait. I caught the Corona virus in Mexico back in '95. Every morning for a week.
Corona has betrayed humanity 
Corona virus is transmitted between animals and people. Symptoms include: respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath and breathing difficulties. There’s no vaccine for the new virus. #coronoavirus
“Corona Virus” debuts at #9 on the CDC’s most infectious viruses with 8,420 infected,  the worst outbreak of the virus since 2002. 
If people are truly concerned about corona virus, keep some licorice root extract on hand. If you begin developing cold symptoms add some drops to a cup of water and take some a few times a day for a week. WARNING: Prolonged use can raise blood pressure.  …
Wait a minute, “corona”virus? Like the dang beer? Haha, what will  up with next?!
Has anyone noticed that the media has been reporting non stop about the killer corona virus that has killed 26 people, while the flu kills between 12k - 61k in the US annually? What is their real agenda? Don't join the panic. 
Me drinking a Corona to gain immunity to the corona virus 
apparantly that corona virus has infected 90k people in china and is spreading i really feel like this is gonna be as big as the black plague 
‘I’ve had a Corona Virus or two in my time ha ha ha’ - every Dad today.
Popular media coverage of the Corona virus in the west illustrates how Orientalist imagination continues to dictate perceptions of Chinese cuisine and eating habits. The discourse frames locals in the light of backwards, disgusting, mysterious and exotic choices of food.
The first case of Corona Virus has been confirmed in Melbourne. A 50yo Chinese man who recently spent time in the affected Wuhan region. Stay safe people! #coronoavirus #Wuhan #Australia
Corona Del Mar (Calif.) teammates and future #Washington #Huskies Mark Redman and Ethan Garbers had storybook senior seasons and the future is extremely bright for the talented duo  
Guys friendly reminders: -today is Chinese New Year, it might get traffic in some areas of the metro, I suggesy leaving earlier than usual -wear facemasks! with the eruption of Taal Volcano and the breakout of the Corona virus, the air is quite different~
Oh shoot new pics of the corona virus close up r kinda scary 
ICYMI: Here's @TheDailyPilot Football Dream Team cover and jump: Player of the Year: Corona del Mar's @ethan_garbers3 Coach of the Year: Marina's Jeff Turley Offensive MVP: CdM's @JohnHumphreys06 Defensive MVP: Edison's @mikeywalters02 All-Purpose MVP: Marina’s 
So are we still allowed to drink Corona’s..?? I can’t get the coronavirus can i...
You know what goes good w the corona virus??? Lyme disease
Underaged niggas in China trying to drink. Bro u worried about the wrong corona
I am travelling to China to help with the Corona Virus I will be Kung Flu Fighting next week....
As you can imagine the corona virus has been fodder for a lot of jokes here 
The coronavirus sounds lit tbh. Pop a corona & let the virus hit with the boys amirite
Dudes in China “be like I need a drink”...bro your worried about the wrong corona
Me watching updates on corona virus every hour 
Corona virus-related numbers climb to 1000+ cases and 40+ deaths: - 15 more deaths and 180 new cases in China’s Hubei province - U.S. monitoring more than 60 people - France confirms 2 cases  …
me downing coronas hoping i get the corona virus and die  …
I Am Immune To The Corona Virus I Already Got The Modelo Virus Foo
Regime Change Roth apparently thinks China should ignore the corona virus outbreak and allow it to  a full scale epidemic. This is psychotic concern trolling.  …
Man have you dripping and protected against the Corona Virus this fete szn 10/10  …
CONGRATULATIONS ON REACHING 4% KILL RATING Corona-chan 
this corona virus shit so annoying 
They need a new name for the Corona Virus. It actually sounds kinda fun, if you add a lime wedge.
Meanwhile at Corona brewery offices they’re trying to figure out who to pay to rename it the Dos Equis Virus
Gonna put a lime in my corona virus n ride it out
I’m never buying Corona from an Asian owned store ever again
Corona virus??? I only drink Modelos foo
50 IQ: Omg, Coronavirus is in the US 200 IQ: Open shorts on Corona
2/ hmmm... the end of trading day saw high yield widen and VIX term structure invert. - market attempting to price “economic speed bump” from Corona virus and Boeing Could be sloppier than I am initially thinking
Don’t worry Every S&P  has an emergency scenario in place if the guy in charge of the stock buyback gets sick or dies. - Risk Management Experts @DiMartinoBooth @chigrl @OpenOutcrier #corona #virus #stocks @StockCats
Cluster of Twelve on the Right. Ursa Major -- Revelations connection. Crown = Corona.  …
Ok since the corona virus will kill us all I Can say it now : I hate you all
If the Corona virus reaches Pangzai there WILL be blood
Who started the Corona Virus?
w all the corona virus shit going on it really IS modelo time huh
RE: Corona Virus It was being developed by China as a bio weapon. Whether it was accidentally or intentionally released from containment - at this point - doesn’t matter. We’ll know soon enough how bad it is, but right now there is a great deal of panic behind closed doors.
Serious question: If you had to predict sales volumes for Corona beer in the US this weekend, what would you predict?
in light of the recent 2019-NCOV (Coronavirus) outbreak there will be a corona drinking gathering in order to build up a tolerance. pls rsvp
Oh! Another vital issue the United States Congress did NOT address this week: BANNING TRAVEL FROM CHINA TO BLOCK THE CORONA VIRUS THAT WILL KILL AMERICANS.
Fuck a corona virus why don’t u just drink modelo
"We're in basically the first week of what I would call the Chinese corona winter, and we've got a long ways to go," says @CIDRAP's Michael Osterholm. Catch the rest of his interview with @BillGriffeth & @megtirrell about the #CoronaVirus 
when you laugh at the corona virus meme and you start coughing 
Corona Chan is cute! 
our world is so fucked up, watch every person talk about & every media platform cover the corona virus in china while they did no single thing when a whole cultural genocide against uyghur muslims was (still is) happening in the same damn place
It's 4 pm on a Friday, and I'm starting to feel weak and lethargic. I think I have the Corona Virus. 
Nothing about this "corona virus" feels natural to me that's just how I feel, so a random outbreak occurs during all of this political tension and chaos ? Doesn't feel genuine to me, it's like someone laughing in your face but you're trying to find out what's funny
Coronavirus The Corona is a halo of light around a planet visible through a haze or thin cloud. What makes a haze or thin cloud...? Aerosols/ chemtrails Possible relationship between this virus and geoengineering? 
Bought a mask to not get corona and now eating banana as reward :)) very cool very swag i like it!! 
Can straight edge Mfs get the corona virus?
Corona Virus is just another government distraction to steal JLo’s spotlight next Sunday  …
katy in china yesterday volunteering to help put an end to corona 
If you happen to get Corona disease, find someone with Lyme disease and have a fuckin party
Mfs at A&M worried about how many beers they can shotgun but have no sense of hygiene... bro, you’re worried about the wrong Corona
Why are you crying ? Are you stressed out because you work overtime in coping with the corona outbreak ? Are you crying too when your government harvesting Uyghur organs in Xinjiang ? Hey.. You're just tired, but you're still alive, while the Uyghurs you force them to die...  …
Tonight we will drink Corona for our Chinese brothers
me pretending i have the corona virus cause i dont wanna feel left out 
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW about #Corona #coronarovirus Please be aware. Take care of yourself 
I know Corona is bad but what about Dos Equis?
#CoronavirusOutbreak Things you need to know about corona virus. 
Our recent results are especially important wrt the ongoing corona virus epidemics and relative early studies We highlight an important limit in the predictability of dynamics like epidemics and information diffusion when dealing with sampled data  
Avoid contracting Corona virus by staying away from popular tourist attractions. Visit Wakefield.
ill never get the corona virus bc its always modelo time
People in the US think the coronavirus came from the corona beer... 
Corona virus suspect haven't been handled by a doctor in Wuhan Hospital 
1st CLINICAL TRIALS FOR CORONA VIRUS STARTED JAN 1, 2020 COINCIDENCE #coronoavirus #DCQStaff @realDonaldTrump @charliekirk11  …
I’ll have one Corona without the virus please
We're all gonna die of the corona virus before Rihanna releases the album. 
Corona virus getting ready  into the the U.K. on the Ali express parcels 
Yall talm bout this corona virus me and my homie been had that 
Ebola Zika H1N1 Avian flu Swine flu And now Corona More people died in the US from being connected to HRC than the  Stop believing the hype This is only habbening to give reason for martial law/lockdown of air travel not to mention because the impeachment fail.
sponsored by corona 
If you have Lyme disease, and you die of the corona virus: Your cause of death is “Corona with Lyme.”
First Mexican victim of Corona virus. 
President @realDonaldTrump should cease ALL immigration until we know more about deadly Corona-virus.
THIS EXERCISE for the Corona Virus was done in October This was planned to cause death and disruption Event 201 Pandemic Exercise: Segment 1, Intro and Medical Countermeasure...  via @YouTube
New Delhi also needs to be on the hotline with Dhaka and Kathmandu about the Corona outbreak, if it isn't already. I think those places need to suspend flights with China as well.
How ironic would it be if the concentration camps that the Chinese government were using to detain and torture Uyghur Muslims, would have to now house Corona Virus victims.
Moment of silence for all the bartenders that will hear “Corona sin virus” this weekend.
guys seriously im so worried about corona virus especially to my asian folks. please wear masks when you go to crowded places (N95 preferably) and wash your hands!! wash it with antibacterial soap thoroughly! most importantly if you feel feverish or nauseous, go & see the doctor!
Corona : *appears* Boys with Chinese GF: 
How do we fund a failing UN? CORONA VIRUS Problem Reaction Solution
Me n g**s when we see Corona Virus but remember we’re on PrEP 
Didn't they just have a movie about the Corona virus???? 
Wuhan people really be celebrating their chinese new year with corona virus & walaoweh you really think this bungee jump could help you jump into solutions?! smh please stay safe everyone in this world  …
The Wuhan Government is constructing a specialised hospital to handle all the Corona Virus patients in 6 days....the Chinese are going to construct a whole hospital in 6days. This is a video of the trucks supplying material 
Corona Virus this video was published in November? #coronavirus  
Corona Virus  omg l can finally max out my credit cards 
Stay alert and safe. FAQ on Novel Corona Virus (nCoV) 
CORONA VIRUS 3RD CASE IN US
have had corona virus before it is not good very bad head aching from drinjking to much coronas beer
Bitch let's see this Miss Corona Virus try and attack me I took 133 loads in 2019 and not ONE std was found smh corona virus can catch this immune system's hands!
People are searching for Corona beer, instead of Coronavirus?! So news broke on the Coronavirus outbreak & @EllieWrayPR mentioned it sounded like a summers day drink ... So I matched the search trends for the virus & @corona @WHO - here's your awareness strategy 
If  with /pol/ you can browse all the Corona Virus General discussion threads here:  … Lots of good info. This is currently the largest quarantine in human history - by far. #coronavirus
With this new corona virus we gotta start wearing those fashionable face masks around international students now
Second US case of Corona virus confirmed in Chicago. The woman, who is in her 60s and from Chicago, came in through O’Hare International Airport from China on Jan. 13. This tracks accurately with the two-week predicted incubation period of the virus.  …
HIDE corona threads IGNORE corona posts DO NOT REPLY to corona posters 
Directive to Trump properties: "There will be  and total shutdown on all Corona beer until we can figure out what the hell is going on."
the corona virus really be everywhere please stay safe everyone keep yourself and your family healthy
When you sneeze twice on the bus and too scared to sneeze a third time because you don’t want people to think you got that corona 
And there it is folks, Labour politicising Corona virus, didnt take em long eh, charlatans!
spread awareness. corona virus is dangerous but so is ignorance. 
Firefighters/EMTs of Airport Emergency Service are ready to cope with Corona virus. We are hoping for the best and prepared for the worst. Please be safe. 
I am strongly agree with Korean Fantasy demanding cancellation of Sepgu's  China fansign. Do not misunderstand me please~ because that Corona virus might threaten health of anybody anytime. Unfortunately... #SF9 #SF9_GOOD_GUY @SF9official @SF9_FANCLUB
That doesn’t mean the current statistics are reliable. They’re almost certainly not! But even in Wuhan itself, if you have fevers and sweats you’re probably more likely to have the flu than the corona virus.
mfers drinking every night but been sick for the last 2 months. bro you worried about the wrong corona
corona outbreak emergency training 
I wish we would take traffic fatalities as seriously as the world is treating the corona virus.
Maybe that is what the team needs, a good bout of the corona virus.
Did I see earlier, reports that people in China are just keeling over in the street and wherever, having contracted the Corona Virus? That's bleeding scary, and leads me to believe it's something far more sinister...
Breaking: A Nepali Student who returned from Wuhan, China was found to be infected with Corona Virus. He is symptomless as of now and is under constant Monitoring. His relatives and family members will also be tested. Health and Population Ministry stated this in a press meet.
Since Corona Virus is spreading rapidly in some areas in China affecting thousands, it's important to know about it's symptoms and ways of prevention as a precaution. Our thoughts are with those who caught the virus, and for the rest; Stay safe! #corona #virus #china 
The Lagos State ministry of health is working closely with border agencies to make sure there is no out-break of Novel Corona Virus and Lassa Fever  for health 
PRESS RELEASE ON THE NEW CORONA VIRUS OUT BREAK IN CHINA The public is informed of a new virus-the Corona Virus #nCov. The first cases reported were linked to a seafood and live animal market in Wuhan City, Hubei Province 
The Corona-virus getting its #airmiles... @Coronavirus #coronavirus #china #wuhan #airline #airplane #virus #viral #contagious @CartooningPeace @CartoonMovement @joop_nl #usa #chinese #chinesevirus #wuhanvirus #ChinaVirus #coronaviruschina ##Travel 
Loosely translated into: “Gatherings create trouble for the society, one less meal won’t hurt family bonds” Dr.Zhong is a respiratory diseases expert who played a pivotal role  SARS. Days ago, he said corona virus can be passed from ppl to ppl, alerting the country.  …
Chinese Ambassador to BJP need not worry about Modi, his friend Xi needs his help now in Beijing to contain Corona Virus.
China is building a 1000-bed hospital in 5 days in response to the Corona virus outbreak. Meanwhile in Nigeria, we are yet to...Sigh...we can't eve...sigh...see just forget abeg. 
Together India and China account for about 36% of the world population.China in the midst of a full blown Corona Virus pandemic. India has lax port controls and the virus could spread like wildfire in dense population centres. @DrHVoffice @PMOIndia #CodeRed #coronarovirus
Eat the sup, get the  …
Dear world, Corona pray for Wuhan.
Chinese people please be careful, the Corona  from rhino horn. You have been warned.
Who called it chinese corona virus and not kung flu?
To the one who tweeted that there was a confirmed case of Corona Virus at the Medical City in Iloilo, I hope that you discipline yourself and avoid being reckless and impulsive in posting.
Bill and Melinda gates simulation of the Corona virus predicted 65 million deaths. That was just 3 weeks ago. FTW
 … I think the Yunhyeong bar made donation to the Wuhan Red Cross to fight the Corona virus under Yunhyeong's name. A wonderful act on the Lunar new year.. Have a blessed, happy and healthy new year everyone Yunhyeong @sssong6823 
Iran & America: *About to start a war that could kill thousands of people* Nature: hold my Corona
#Breaking | 2 Corona virus cases suspected in Mumbai. TIMES NOW's Aruneel with details. 
WARNING ! : THE CORONA VIRUS IS SPREADING VERY FAST SO HERE’S THE WAY TO PREVENT IT  …
BE CAREFUL Wuhan Corona Virus Mutate easily from animals to humans. human to humans A New Respiratory Virus has emerged. This new disease is based on 3 factors 1/ Mortality rate 2/ Incubation period 3/ How Contagious it Creating New Threats in China & Asia 
Advice from British breakfast television media with regards to not contracting the Corona Virus is to ‘Try not  into contact with anyone that has it” I’m amazed we need the WHO with these pearls of medical wisdom. For actual fucks sake... 
If I already have lyme disease and I contract the #coronoavirus... Does that mean I have Corona and Lyme? 
How to avoid risk of getting sick: Wear mask. Frequent handwashing. Avoid beso-beso greetings and shaking hands. Don't press elevator buttons directly with your finger. Avoid holding railings on escalators unless necessary then wash your hands. #Corona
Scientists have identified the enormous scale of the Corona Virus 
Is this Corona drink safe to consume? #AskingForAFriend 
To people who thinks 2020 is bad already: Is it really that bad?? Surely Iran incident, jakarta flood, and corona virus is bad. But looking back, bad things happened all the time. Remember SARS? Iraq invasion? 9/11? The main difference now is the information stream.
We are on the verge of another black death with the killer Corona virus,so if it spreads here with our undernourished children and adults who frequent food banks,then the NHS will be at a stand still,the government with their austerity and ignorance  to blame
As students pursuing health care professions, we should be well informed of what the Corona Virus is. It is a group of viruses that can cause a range of symptoms including a runny nose, cough, sore throat and fever. Some are mild, such as  cold, while others are more— 
Saw my mans at the chicken spot with the hood auntie and told them I am playing in China. She was like “don’t go out there and catch that Corona ting”. This nigga said “baby he a grown ass man, he can drink if he want to”.
You’re a bud light I’m a corona we are not the same sis
Guys and gals, please stop spreading #FakeNews that there is a "confirmed" case of corona virus infection in PBCom Tower Makati City. Until there is proof & confirmation from DOH, this is a Fake News. You're not helping by spreading that fake news.
Just a friendly #FridayLituations reminder Fam... Corona is not trending because of Lituations. It's a virus bout to mess up the world if the powers that be don't act on time... 
Getting messages on Corona virus likely impact on markets. Don't think only about money and markets. Also have a life outside of it. Think about those who are affected. If possible, show some empathy.
Friday's first victim of Corona virus 
Corona beer is having the wrong name at the wrong time.
GUYS GUYS NEO-UMBREALLA EXISTS AND IT'S IN CHINA THE CORONA VIRUS IS THE C-VIRUS I NEED CHRIS REDFIELD, LEON KENNEDY, HELENA HARPER, AND PIERS NEVANS RIGHT NOW 
The corona virus showing up to wipe out humanity 
Corona CEO sitting in his office smoking cigar thinking all publicity is good publicity
UPDATE: Hospital officials that a woman taken to Hackensack University Medical Center does not have Wuhan corona virus, amid exposure scare.  …
In view of the evolving situation due to the corona virus outbreak in China as well as the decision of Chinese authorities to cancel public gathering and events, @EOIBeijing has also decided to call off the Republic Day reception scheduled to be held @EOIBeijing on January 26th.
Be careful drinkin corona y’all there’s a virus in them
Staged! Suddenly corona virus is making headlines while the Dems impeachment scandal is falling apart and just before indictments are unsealed!  …
The only Corona the World needs today 
Jennie akgaes using corona virus to make fun & drag Lisa.Bisches don't know the state of emergency the world is facing right now cos of this virus, how crucial it is cos it can be easily transmitted. Trust me we had a meeting with some staff of WHO yday, & it's FREAKIN SERIOUS!
Uyghur Muslims are tortured in concentration camps, the world is silent. Corona virus outbreaks in Wuhan and attention is redirected back to China. Subhanallah.
I’m moving to Greenland, fuck this Corona virus bullshit
So if I drink a Corona, I might die?
Breaking Adam Schiff face to blame his  loss in the BS trial for impeachment on the Corona Virus. Obviously, the Russians did it.
#EVENT201 #CoronaVirus A Global Pandemic Exercise WATCH THIS! This event from October 2019 hosted by John Hopkins, World Economic Forum, and Gates Foundation features a new CORONA VIRUS that leads to a global pandemic.  …
Drink a corona for every box you don’t pull Jeremy Lin
Keep 'earin bout this corona virus malarkey. Ent surprised, u get wot u deserve drinkin vat forrin shite. Carlin for me, simple as 
Mf’s in college station be worried about what beer they drinking this weekend Like dawg you worried about the wrong corona
3: Just received this file with info about the #coronavirus patent Interesting read for those researching the topic, but don't over speculate on this, there are many different strains of corona viruses. Just food for thought right now.  …
From bat to Snake to humans - The deadly chinese Corona Virus is on a rampage there. Videos of people falling to death because of the virus is just terrifying. Spreads through air and still no antidote.
did all the music from Corona absolutely rock or what? A) that fantastic marimba field theme, B) the fun as heck festival dancer theme, C) this extremely creepy 0.2ish marsh theme 
ELF all around the world are asking  to please postpone SS8 in Hong Kong after the outbreak of Corona Virus in China and surrounding areas. For the safety of members, staff, and fans, please postpone the concert. @SJofficial 
Do all the people with Corona Virus also, have Lymes disease? asking for a bartender...
The corona virus hit Texas A&M and the kids are making memes like this lol 
me pretending i have to corona virus to scare people 
Bro this corona virus killing people is in Texas thank god I only drink modelo
The only remedy for the new Corona Virus. #coronovirus P.S. Rmbr to stock it up before CNY for emergency 
Corona virus looking for that fully guaranteed deal. Jk Jk hope everyone stays safe.  …
A crowded hospital in #Wuhan due to the recent Corona Virus outbreak. #Coronavirus 
It’s funny how the patent for the corona virus treatment went active today.. just days before the ‘outbreak’ 
Corona virus 2x oversubscribed, bullish  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak #coronoavirus CHINESE DOCTOR CRIES, BEGS FOR HELP TREATING CORONA VIRUS AS HOSPITAL RUNS OUT OF BEDS #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
-wildfires -thawra -economy crisis -the whole country collapsing -ww3 -gebran bassil at the world economic forum pannel -h1n1 and corona virus  …
And wudduya double know! A Pirbright group did a "scientific presentation" for Novavax about nanoparticle vaccines, available for download on the Nova website. Pirbright, connected to Gates/WHO, connected to American co. (Nova) trying to make human corona vax. Follow the trail 
texas a&m students be planning what beer they’re gonna dunk their ring in... you worried about the wrong corona
airport tsa be like “imma have to dispose of this alcohol” bitch u worried abt the wrong corona
They saying we got the corona virus, it’s crazy cause ever since we stopped talking I’ve been sick of myself. Idk why but this corona virus shit got me thinking about how I got infected from your love, hope everything is good with you shorty. Be safe out there.
Hello, Theresians! Recently, there have been some rumors about the Corona Virus reaching Tacloban, We're here to remind everyone to always sanitize, avoid public places, and as much as possible, please wear masks. (Photo credit: CNN PH) 
corona virus? back in my day, we called that a hangover
.. continued from previous: Just FYI - the person suspected of the corona virus in Italy - tested negative. I DGAF, ALL flights from Wuhan to anywhere! Should be BANNED. The ppl that can't get back from there can stay there! The rest of the world doesn't need this BS.
Dr. Laurie Craigen connects with her students through her love of the Celtics every day. She shares her appreciation of the team on and off the court in the latest installment of Fanatics presented by @corona 
I think I just saw the corona virus walking across academic plaza smh 
A&M students be chugging beers but not washing their hands bro you’re worried about the wrong Corona
A&M students going to ng and drinking beer, bro you worried bout the wrong corona
To all going to the airport. As per my friend who works there. We should all wear a mask since we are on the arrival spot, this is due to corona virus. Also don't forget to eat and bring water. Have a nice day, ICs #WinnerCrossTourinManila #WINNER
Please  BC softballs newest recruit. Taylor Sanfillippo from Corona, California. Taylor will add lots of power at the plate. Roll On Threshers! 
They do say chinese cant handle their alcohol well  on, Corona is as light as it gets
VIDEO: CHINESE DOCTOR CRIES, BEGS FOR HELP TREATING CORONA VIRUS AS HOSPITAL RUNS OUT OF BEDS #CoronavirusOutbreak #NewsWars.com #Banned.Video 
I tested out a virus that was as similar as Corona as the game allowed, while it did not kill humanity it got really bad. The game even classified it as a swine  Crazy :/ #PlagueIncEvolved 
I got the Corona Virus for Galaxy Opal Yao Ming
I can’t get corona virus I’m not 21
Aggie week one: Syllabus week Aggie week two: Corona virus Aggie week three: Everyone washes their hands 
Did you hear that the Melissa and Bill Gates Foundation put out the patented #corovirus in China so  have to buy the vaccines just to live? Desperate for money? [DS] #ticktock + "Corona"? 
the Corona Virus arriving in every country right now be like 
/pol/ has begun constructing a corona-chan egregore in hopes of furthering the Nurglite miasmas.
y’all talking about going to latin night tonight when that virus just got here? worried about the wrong corona
Ta malito cause of the corona virus 
got them to go to corona for a date too 
The Corona virus is 'shutting down' entire cities in China. Whatever is happening they are not telling us the truth about it. That's all I wish to say. If it's a serious outbreak, make or buy elderberry juice.... you feel sick? Drink it. Survive. You can thank me later. ,-) 
Multiple individual sources claim that this particular flight from Beijing to #Helsinki brought in at least 3 persons from #Wuhan to #Finland. At least 2 of them now show influenza symptoms. Corona-virus NOT confirmed as of now  …
Corona Virus Yeah, that’s what I call it when you wake up after one too many beers at the summer BBQ I’ll catch you later mate
I think I'm safe from the Corona Virus. If the Jameson Virus starts going around I'm fucked though.
Things get hairy in the episode—titled “Cassandra’s Revenge”—when Cassandra returns to Corona with a score to settle, just as Rapunzel is preparing to settle down and start living a normal life. With a new @AIMenken song! #Tangled #RapunzelsTangledAdventure 
When I called in sick this morning, I told the boss I had the Corona Virus because us sounded much better than saying that I was hung over
It's been 24 days since 2020 arrived and here is the summary of the major events that took place: Almost world war three Australia on fire (go donate people) Corona virus outbreak Good going 
Corona Virus sounds like some shit you pick up at Cancun Spring Break
Not to mention that #CCP arrested 8 citizens on 1 Jan for sharing #Wuhan corona virus info online, accusing them of spreading rumors.
Corona means crown. 
Who else drinking Corona this weekend?
I know people now afraid to go out (FLU!, CORONA VIRUS, MEASLES). Seems to me we r being conditioned by media & hidden agents worldwide to fear infection. Singular idea hyped to address that promoted fear is liability free vaccination, though vaccines not always safe/ effective. 
All you need to know about the new Corona virus. Stay safe ! 
Breaking: AOC on Corona Virus. “Hey Y’all need to stop ordering them damn Coronas!” 
I bloody loved it when the Corona man came to my street as a kid. Like christmas every week... now they have a sugar tax. #coronovirus 
*Head of Marketing, Corona* "All I'm saying, Jean, is that surely there's a financial pathway which can lead to you guys renaming this the Budweiservirus. It's not too late."
This is Philippine goverment defense against corona virus.. 
Here is the Corona Virus Outbreak Map superimposed over the Chinese High Speed Rail (Rail map updated in 01/15/2018, Outbreak map updated 01/23/2019). 
yo to my mutuals take care please know that there's corona virus spreading to different countries that came from wuhan china. face mask when going outside please, always wash your hands, cover nose and mouth when sneezing, dont touch your face with unwashed hands. take care pls
It is dangerous and irresponsible for the President to say the Corona Virus is under control, when it could easily turn into a world pandemic. Trump should be putting safeguards into place, not lying to the people. If it spreads around the USA, it is all on him.
(HELP RT) This hashtag created to ask SM/LABEL SJ to cancel SS8 HK or atleast postpone to later date due to Corona virus which is currently spreading in HK. If you see this please tweet #슈주레이블_홍콩콘_취소부탁드립니다 and tag @SMTOWNGLOBAL @SJofficial 
"Use N95 Mask to protect yourself from recent/possible ashfall from volcanic eruptions. Surgical masks will not work" "Don't use N95 Mask, but surgical mask to protect from the spreading Corona/Wuhan virus" Me: Yeah ok, but there's only one headgear slot sooo---
The Chinese Corona Virus came from Canada?  …
CORONA VIRUS IS NO ACCIDENT CREATED IN WUHAN LAB EXPOSED FOR LUNAR NEW YEAR
China is building a hospital in 6 days to treat people with the Corona virus. 6 days  a hospital guys. Meanwhile African hospitals take at least 6 years to build. We're playing games.
If I die from Corona Virus Please call me at 3am ..
Expats in Wuhan reckoning with the corona virus. 
omg never drinking corona again  …
BREAKING... Corona beer sales see a drastic drop in sales amid the new coronavirus outbreak!
Elfs! Maybe most of us are informed about the corona virus in china and SS8 hongkong was just confirmed but c elfs wants to cancel due to health risk. Use the hashtag below and tag @SJofficial  …
So let me get this straight, the Corona virus origin is being traced back to a market where venomous snakes, salamanders, bats, wolves, etc are sold for meat. Yet, the Chinese government is worried about ractopamine in cattle and swine.
Wasn’t that old pop that used  round the estates on the back of a lorry called Corona. Used to get 10p back on the bottles as well. Shame they switched trades to virus making, gone off them now.
Australian Govt seemed pretty sure we were safe from Wuhan virus. But it’s hit Singapore. Travel makes it easy for pandemics. What a shame LNP IPA closed down our Infectious Diseases Lab. #auspol #Corona Singapore confirms first case of Wuhan virus  …
i’m happy that HK is confirmed for SS8 but... wrong timing... the corona virus concert is a crowded place... it’s unsafe for the artists, staffs and also fans...
the corona virus has officially reached Singapore’s shores. please pray for our health
Justin Bieber is currently battling lyme disease meaning that if the Corona virus spreads he may be the first person with Corona-with-Lyme Disease
Update: Corona Virus Wuhan, China had been officially locked down by the Chinese government and was labeled as ground zero. However, before the lock down was officially implemented a flight departed containing 135 passengers from Wuhan will be arriving in Kalibo airport 
"Yeah, I have the Corona Virus. I could really go for a wedge of Lyme Disease on the side, haha! Anyway, a one-way flight to Washington D.C. please." 
Corona virus x Ariana Grande merch chz (love my airpods sm charot) 
We have 1 Person Under Investigation (PUI) for the nCoV (Novel Corona Virus) here in Tacloban. A 36 year-old American Male who works as a teacher in Wuhan, China. Went home to Tacloban last January 17.
Leaving this here and let’s all get to know about what started as the Wuhan Novel Corona Virus. #coronavirus 
Update from @CGIJeddah : About 100 Indian nurses mostly from Kerala working at Al-Hayat hospital have been tested and none except one nurse was found infected by Corona virus. Affected nurse is being treated at Aseer National Hospital and is recovering well. @PMOIndia  …
Corona’s marketing team when they find out about the 
Third case with symptoms of Corona virus in St. Petersburg.  …
BEIJING CANCELS LUNAR NEW YEAR EVENTS OVER CORONA VIRUS FEAR
Spoke to @CGIJeddah on Indian nurses quarantined at Al-Hayat Hospital, Khamis Mushait, Saudi Arabia due to Corona virus threat. They are in touch with hospital management and Saudi foreign Ministry. Have asked our Consulate to provide all possible support. @MEAIndia @PMOIndia
Waiter: what would you like sir ? Me: what’s the special today ? Waiter: Dead flying rat in soup.. Me: nice one bruv sounds good. Waiter: and for drinks? Me: a Corona please mate. Waiter: ah Coronavirus good choice
Spy/U1 Hostage Sats ready to go [offline] Example: CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Q713 Snow White is still Up and Below and will be Boomed when proper sequence of SAT take down happens. 'THE SKY IS FALLING' = The Sats falling to the earth from our MissiIe Booms.  …
Indonesian government is very quick to claim that the status of corona virus suspect from Gedung BRI II is negative -- in less than 6 hours -- IMO is actually a sign everyone has to worry of a cover-up.
What you are witnessing in the corona virus is what happens when nobody in the country or around the world believes anything the government says even if it might be the truth
The @FAAN_Official advices passengers and other airport users  with all quarantine procedures at the Nation’s airports, part of the FG’s efforts to protect and prevent the spread of a deadly virus CORONA VIRUS,  disease broke out in China. Kindly RETWEET! 
BRI corporate secretary Hari Purnomo released a statement addressing the corona virus health scare at BRI Tower 2 earlier today involving a Chinese Huawei employee. He said that according to the hospital, the person was suffering from a typical sore throat. Phew. 
Corona was never a virus when I was a kid. It’s was nuclear reactive drinks delivered by The Pop Man 
This quarantine and curfew has just created a lot of panick, all shops and markets are closed...those that have stayed open have doubled their prices...at this point in time you’re more likely to die of starvation than the corona virus. #WuhanLockDown
What is the guarantee that imports from China are virus free? People need to stop using Chinese products #coronovirus #Corona
It’s the corona virus 
Is Pogba to be blamed for Corona Virus or Global warming. Tune it at 10 pm as we go in depth and explore this theory.
People be having LA in there bios and be working at Albertsons in corona
Why do all viruses originate from Kerala? Nipah Virus Commie Virus Jihadi Virus Xi'an Virus Corona Virus Not a coincidence!!!  …
HE HAS THE CORONA VIRUS!!!!!!!  …
China stopped sending people from Wuhan to Australia, because of the corona virus outbreak. Australia didn't stop receiving them. China stopped sending them. Doesn't really inspire confidence.
I wonder if SA is ready for this deadly Corona virus? 
Janet and I recovering room virus we got over 2 weeks ago in Asia. I doubt it’s coronavirus since we haven’t been in Mexico (Corona) (@Woz Home in Los Gatos, CA) 
Four people were killed when a small plane crashed, caught on fire, and started a brush fire at the Corona Municipal Airport in California  
Time to deal with the #Soros Virus - it is toxic, destructive, transmissible, malignant & deadly... @georgesoros @AlexanderSoros #Corona
Nepal is at a highrisk of Corona virus transmission as we have a high inflow of Chinese tourists.Starting with an UR Tract infection with flu like symptoms it can reach the lower RT, causing pneumonia in people with weak immune system and turn fatal.Get well informed; take care!
we've had dengue, polio, smallpox, typhoons, earthquakes, volcanic eruption and now a possible corona virus epidemic. And oh yes, our pigs are suffering african swine fever. Anything I missed? Locusts? Have we had locusts already? Do politicians qualify as locusts?
I just got back to Hong Kong for Chinese New Year but the Wuhan Corona virus is spreading so quickly! I hope everyone in affected areas stays safe and healthy Our immune systems are working hard --- by EXOTIQUE Photography 
#RecallGavinNewsom At the Home Depot/Sam's Club in #Corona. This Saturday January 25th. See flyer in below tweet.  …
Corona also means crown. "Learn to read  The name of this virus is symbolic and is a "sign to the nation of Israel" whether organic or manufactured No coincidences Corona v irus (Iris) The crown vs the eye Earthly royalty vs the eye of God Pay attention 
CORONA VIRUS IS THOUGHT TO HAVE BE DERIVED FROM BAT SOUP IN WUHAN, EATEN BY SAVAGES
Just in: China researchers say corona virus reservoir may be bats (Xinhua)
You think I’m scared of a virus with the word Corona in it? Listen up buddy, I’ll bring the limes
Last two Corona drops + new drop today.... 
Awesome, calm, thorough, knowledgeable piece on the new Corona virus by the great Helen Petousis-Harris - one of the scientists on my alternative honours list  …
okay that corona virus stuff from china is pretty scary bruh!!!
I have to say it’s nice for my Australia bush fire fear to shift into a corona virus panic.
Corona virus takes 17 lives in China, prompting Chinese authorities to order the closure of all transportation networks in its city of origin. By late evening, China had 547 confirmed cases of people with the virus, with a further 137 suspected cases early Thursday. 
I can’t have the corona virus without a lime.
Info on possible Canadian (actually Chinese) involvement in the Corona Virus:  …
While we are angry at Brexit (and we should be, it is fraud) the Corona virus outbreak in China should concern us (I am a microbiologist) in the immediate. It appears to be rather deadly (Spanish Flu kind of deadly). Please watch this space and hope that it is contained.
BREAKING: Wuhan, China halts all travel in and out of the city after Corona Disease kills 17, and has infected over 600+ people worldwide. Scientists at the CDC are saying that over 10,000+ people could have been exposed to the deadly virus. #CoronaVirus #Corona 
Fuck Corona ... grab some weed 
Look I can appreciate this Coronavirus is very serious with quarantines in place and travel warnings...... Does anyone know if its just Corona or it it Corona Light also? Asking for a friend Too soon?
Four people were killed when a small plane crashed at the Corona Municipal Airport in Southern California, officials say  
FATAL PLANE CRASH A small aircraft crashed on the east side of Corona Municipal Airport, southeast of Los Angeles. Corona Fire reports four fatalities on scene. A 1/4 acre fire around the crash site has been contained. Airport is closed. 
Fiery Plane Crash Reported at Airport in Corona, California: Police  …
A Corona gets its lime 
Stream Corona Fim da thread
A small plane crashed shortly after noon today at the Corona Municipal Airport. The Corona Fire Department and Corona police responded to the scene, where they found the plane on fire in nearby brush.  …
An incident involving a plane crash is being conducted at the Corona Airport. @coronafiredept and @coronapd are on scene. The airport is closed 3-4 occupants in the plane Approximately 80 gallons of fuel Extending into 
Going to beautiful Mexico for Corona Capital Festival! Tickets are on sale Thursday Jan 30 @11 AM. Hasta luegooo  
CRASH: A small aircraft has crashed at Corona Municipal Airport (KAJO), East of Los Angeles. Number on board and casualties not yet known. Image via 
#BREAKING Plane carrying unknown number of passengers crashes, catches fire near Corona Airport  …
So much is at stake in the #2020Census — but don't take my word for it, listen to @MaketheRoadNY's Alma Grande. She'll be hitting the streets to make sure EVERYONE in her neighborhood in Corona, Queens is ready to 
Today about 12:11 P.M. The Corona Fire Department and Corona Police officers responded to the Corona Airport regarding a airplane crash. Upon arrival personnel located one plane on fire in the brush. Our fire personnel are working on extinguishing aircraft and brush.
They're trying to keep it "hush hush," but I'm pretty sure the Corona virus got Mr. Peanut.
My homeboy texted the group chat “Hey y'all there is a Corona virus spreading. Make sure you boys are drinking modelo “
What the fake stream media got y'all afraid of this week? The got damn Corona virus? Every week it's something new. Every year the state develops a new disease. If y'all don't shut the fuck up... 
The Corona Virus sounds like a Netflix true crime documentary about Wayne Lineker
- I'm so sorry sir, it appears you have ligma. - What's "ligma"? - LIGMA BALLS LOL! But seriously sir, you have the corona virus. - *dies* 
Mexican authorities burning down all breweries in an effort  the spread of the corona virus 
HK tourist arrivals BEFORE the Chinese corona virus appeared there. Real estate transaction volume has  stopped while retail sales and tourist arrivals have experienced an unprecedented decline in the last several months. Look how much worse than 2008. 
I’m not fear mongering. But a few of my friends in China say the numbers of those affected with the Corona Virus are in the Thousands not hundreds. But their Government is trying to keep it quiet
The Corona virus is spread by putting lime in beer bottles .
California: Anurag Chandra, 42, of Corona, California, was arrested early Monday and booked on three counts of murder Intentionally slammed his vehicle into a car full of teenagers, leaving three dead and three injured. 
I’m worried about this corona virus thing because there are a lot of Chinese nationals in Nigeria and I don’t think MMA are ready for anything at all. The only thing they know is “anything for the boys”
#NEW: WHO issues guidelines to help countries deal with the Deadly Corona Virus, which has infected 450 people & killed almost 20 in China. *Officials confirmed first U.S. case this week in Seattle, as a man in his 30s who recently traveled to China.  …
Corona virus is when you get a itchin for a sweet cold one
This  provides a daily update on corona virus infections among its employees and their family members. Its descriptions of the handling of the cases point to serious lapses in the identification, quarantine, and treatment of patients.  …
Happy to announce that we're CONFIRMED with an official beer sponsor for the 2020 Season. HUGE thanks to Capitol Wright Distributing for fueling Left Field and our passionate Texas Baseball fans. Let's make this the best tailgate season yet! #Miller #Coors #Corona 
Guys, make it a habit to wash your hands after being exposed to crowds and touching public utilities. Corona is transmitted via droplet and contact so covering your nose and mouth or wearing a mask sa mga mataong lugar is alao advisable.
>Corona virus being traced back to exotic meat markets in China They're at it again... 
Corona trying to rebrand before the virus  the next big news story 
Two  to make me nervous; ED crowding and new corona virus. Crowding was a major accelerant to SARS in Toronto. We learned a lot - better baseline infection control and screening in place - but crowding in ED’s continues.  …
That’s a whole ass bottle of corona...... 
Everyone panicking over a treatable disease. BUT NO ONE IS AFRAID OF THE CORONA VIRUS. NO KNOWN TREATMENT. AND 1 CASE IN FUCKING CEBU. AND TOO MANY CHINESE NATIONALS VISITING THE CAMPUS. OHHHHHHHHHHHH CRAP
idk but lahi gyud nga type of kahadlok akong gaka-feel if biological hazard na ang threat bay.. like the corona virus. Mitigation & preparedness is much more challenging than the other hazards simply because the threat is not visible through our eyes??
I’m taking precautions against the Corona virus by only drinking San Miguel
This is how they protect Shanghai streets from Corona virus 
Dear @MOH_Kenya diseases and more  ones like the Chinese novel corona virus does not carry a passport or require a visa to enter into our territory ,kindly activate your disease surveillance system to avert this looming out break
13 weeks later 87% of all human/bovine life on Earth died & the Corona war began. 1 year later &planet earth is uninhabitable & i record this testimony from a crater on the Jovian moon Ganymede Whoever receives this message. Remember that Earth was once good. Then we voted Trump
It’s fine, I don’t drink Corona
There is new year  up in China and Chinese in Africa are going home and then back Africa with 99.9 chance of  back with Corona virus. The disease outbreak is in 5 countries so far, Seattle US yesterday. Are we ready?
Not to kill the trend or anything about Jadine, but I think people in the philippines should start worrying about the Corona Virus?
U.S. PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP SAYS WE HAVE A PLAN TO CONTAIN THE CORONA VIRUS
When I was a kid Corona was a fizzy drink - anyone else remember that? Now it's out to kill us.
HONG KONG REPORTS FIRST CASE OF NOVEL CORONA VIRUS
Goldman says oil could drop to $3 on Corona virus - Go home, Goldman, you are drunk.
Katunayake Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) introduces thermal scanner as corona virus concern rises. #lka #SriLanka #coronavirus 
PRESS RELEASE ON CORONA VIRUS OUTBREAK Pls protect yourself and others 
Corona virus popping up to end all of us 
If there is a confirmed case of corona virus in Cebu &you know there are multiple cases in China.. wouldn’t you think to have all  in from China and other Asian countries suspended?? Or do yall really prioritize the tourism&money over the health of locals that bad?
Four easy steps you can take to avoid contracting the Novel Corona Virus-2019 1. Wash/sanitize your hands frequently 2. Wear a surgical mask 3. Practice social distancing 4. Avoid large crowds especially in confined spaces Stay safe folks!
How good is our LNP IPA Morrison Turnbull Abbott et al government? One of their first moves  to power was to close our world class Infectious Diseases Lab. Since then Ebola, Zika, dengue, Hendra, MERS, SARS, measles, Wuhan corona virus... #auspol  …
According to WHO Philippines (live presscon), wala pang case na nakapasok na ang corona virus dito sa bansa. Please, don't spread false rumors na meron na dito sa Cebu. It causes panic. Don't believe everything you read/see in socmed. Socmed is not real life.
Knocking on wood. Wag naman sana. Pero the possibility of having a case of corona virus here is still high considering the influx of Chinese tourists and workers. Praying that the government is ready though, despite its cutting of the budget for health by P10-billion.
#UCLA lands a steal in Corona Del Mar (Calif) WR Bradley Schlom as a PWO, one of the states top pass catchers from one of the regions top programs  …
OMG! There's a Corona virus. Thank heavens I drink wine.
The first person in the US with corona virus lives an hour away from me, which is kinda like being famous for being a distance cousin of Hillary Clinton. You kinda want to tell people, but there’s really no upside.
Climate change got worse the first week of 2020, World War 3 threatened us the second week and now Corona Virus  to end us in the third week 
What should we do about the new corona virus from China?:  …
HELLOOOOO!!! BEWARE THAT CORONA VIRUS HAS REACHED PHILIPPINES PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS OFTEN AND AVOID TOUCHING YOUR MOUTH NOSE EYES BECAUSSEEEE THERE IS NO VACCINE FOR THIS VIRUS!!!! STAY SAFE EVERYONE!!!
VERY suspicious that the "authorities" haven't dispatched any celebrity chefs to fix the corona virus crisis. #Paleo #mkr
How well are we prepared for the Wuhan's Corona Virus? #MedTwitter?
#nbcla Exclusive: I talk w/ the teen driver who survived a road rage crashed that killed 3 of his best friends in #Corona, after their car was rammed off the road. His surprising message for the driver- in our special newscast at 7 
My job is hosting a republican meeting tonight & i’m bartending.. So one of them orders a Corona so I turn to get it & the other man goes “A Corona??? What are you a fucking wetback Jimmy”
Corona virus precaution suggestion do not to allow your throat to dry, as in 10mins of being dry, the virus will find ways to enter into your body Do not refrain from drinking water, always have a bottle handy For adults, drink 50-80cc of warm water; for children 30-50cc
Wait a tick. CORONA OFFLINE anyone? 2013-2016 drops. 
At some point when I was busy focusing on my shit show of a life more than twitter.. I reached 7k. That’s insane to me. I know not all of y’all actually pay attention to me but I’m thankful for my twitter circle. It’s been a long week (yes, on Tuesday) so it’s Corona time! 
“...aluminum...mercury....glyphosate....formaldehyde... human fetal cells... and just add a little corona lime and we’re all set!”
The Corona virus has pneumonia-like symptoms. The person is healthy 30-year-old than is stable as of now. I can’t stress it enough when I say WASH YOUR HANDS as much as you can. That’s how disease spreads the fastest, and also, please cover your face when coughing/sneezing!
Damn just been to get some Beer I think I have contracted the Corona Virus...
The only Corona I want to be infected by 
20.01.2020 - Carn a’Mhaim via Glen Lui. Early start with beautiful changes in light. Devil’s Point, Cairn Toul and Ben Macdui magnificent from Carn a’Mhaim summit. Magical atmosphere as cloud tatters drifted in and out and icy terrain lit by corona Sun 
All right, Corona, you helped us identify a suspect over the weekend, so here is another one for you. If you can identify this theft suspect, please contact Sr. Det. Robert Gonzalez @951-279-3637. Thank you! 
The one thing that keeps me from worrying about this whole Wuhan corona virus thing is the Chinese government's history of  and willingness to put people first even at the risk of embarrassment.  …
Just heard in an radio interview now that there’s a direct flight from Wuhan, China to Kalibo. Yes, Wuhan where the Wuhan Corona virus originated.
What’s this I hear about a Coronavirus? Sounds fake, if you ask me. I’ve been drinking Corona’s for years and never got sick
First case of Chinese corona virus in the U.S.A shows up in Washington State. 
The corona virus has symptoms such as wanting to listen to Kenny Chesney and taking your shirt off when you drive your Jeep
New Corona Virus already in several countries and Canada is hardly doing anything at our airports other than using signs asking new Arrivals to talk to Border Services if they have symptoms. WHO THE HELL IS GOING TO DO THAT IF THEY CAN"T READ OR SEE THE SIGNS ?????  …
Distractions galore. 1. Sham Impeachment 2. Cloned Hillary dissing Bernie 3. Puerto Rico government criminals 4. Cabal created Corona Virus hits US I guess we really must be over the target now eh?!
was going to make beer jokes about the Corona virus but I guess it's actually pretty serious so that would probably be out of lime
can’t believe i have to stop drinking corona’s now that this virus landed over here
#BREAKING First US case of Corona virus confirmed in Washington state.  …
BREAKING: In light of new  from China all bars in the US have been advised to stop selling Corona due to fears of spreading the #coronavirus More 
I don't even like Corona. 
This Corona Virus thing is getting scary... I'm switching to Dos Equis!
what's the difference between Wuhan virus and Corona virus? You get one from drinking awful beer
Reports on Corona virus reaching Canada
The good news is that this virus appears to be significantly less lethal than SARS. SARS infected ~8000 and killed 774. Corona virus has infected a little over 200 with only 6 reported deaths (with estimates saying as many as 1700 have been infected).
Not to kill the trend or anything abt Jadine, I think we should start worrying about the Corona Virus??
I don’t think people realize the seriousness of the corona virus outbreak.... do your research people!!!!! Nawng ninyo puro jadine samuk
Just in: India begins thermal screening of passengers arriving from China & Hong Kong at 7 Indian airports in the aftermath of Novel Corona Virus outbreak. These airports are Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Cochin, Delhi, Mumbai & Kolkata 
OK!!! Took my tweet down because according to @WHOPhilippines , the case isn't confirmed "YET." Apparently, no confirmation it's in the Philippines "YET." Apparently all the news saying a new corona virus is in the country shouldn't be cause for alarm. OKAY!!! 
- Thermal screening of passengers arriving from China including Hong Kong expanded to seven airports because of Novel Corona Virus says @MoCA_GoI - Passengers to fill up ‘Self Reporting Form’ - Includes Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Cochin, Delhi, Mumbai and 
uhmm can we talk about the new strain of corona virus  pandemic??? and recently, a case from cebu city was detected??? it might not be as interesting to hear as jadine's break up but it is alarming & lives of many were at risk...we should show a little care perhaps???
STAHP! please take precautions on the circulating news about the Corona virus confirmed existing in Cebu City right now. Here's a brief definition of the disease and how to prevent having it. Godbless and take care guys! always take care guys! kahit di nyo luv si nadine. lol 
These steps have been taken on the basis of advisories received from @MoHFW_INDIA regarding the threat of Novel Corona Virus Disease (nCoV) in Wuhan, Hubei province of China. All passengers and stakeholders are requested to take appropriate precautionary measures in this regard. 
Can ppl just set aside all those chismis first and TALK ABOUT THE FACT THAT THERE’S ALREADY A POSITIVE CASE OF CORONA VIRUS HERE IN THE PHILIPPINES, HERE IN CEBU?!!!!!! This is rlly serious and as early as now, we need to read about it and inform ppl about what to do!
some garbage person is really rooting for the Corona virus currently endangering my hometown because they think it'll stick it to the Chinese government
HONG KONG HAS 117 SUSPECTED CORONA VIRUS AS OF TUESDAY NOON
Break time muna sa Jadine!Corona Virus is spreading fast and a case here in our country has already been reported huhuhuhu PLEASE SPREAD AWARENESS!!!
Health officials are monitoring a five-year-old Chinese boy in Cebu City after he tested positive for a type of corona virus. Apart from the child who came from Wuhan, China, doctors also tracked down three people with flu-like symptoms in Aklan.  
MYSTERIOUS CORONA VIRUS (ATYPICAL PNEUMONIA) IS SPREADING IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. ABOUT 300 CASES IN CHINA BUT IN THE LAST HOURS CASES ARE RECORDED IN AUSTRALIA, PHILIPPINES, THAILAND, JAPAN AND KOREA. 
BREAKING: PM Scott Morrison has warned Australians about the dangers of drinking too much Corona. "I did it once and the virus had a terrible effect - McDonalds in Engadine even banned me for a time".  …
Should we scared of the Corona virus market reaction? We took a look at markets around the outbreaks of SARS, Bird -and Swineflu Conclusions: 1) ADXY on average kept rising 2) S&P 500 lost momentum 3) Treasury yields dropped 2 out of 3 times 4) No contagion effect on AUD 
Breaking: Government Science Spokesman Craig Kelly stated today that Australians have nothing to fear from Corona Virus as long as they don't drink Mexican beer. #auspol
CORONA VIRUS is spreading from China already 4 cases in Taiwan and S Korea and Japan! Contagious. What measures are we taking at our airports to detect carriers of the virus and quarantine them so as to prevent this catastrophe from reaching Pakistan? Zilch@zfrmrza @ImranKhanPTI
FIRST MAN IN AUSTRALIA MONITORED FOR CORONA VIRUS - AUTHORITIES CONFIRM
Morrison chooses to listen to scientists when  to the invisible corona virus, but damned if he will listen to scientists when  to invisible gases, like Co2.  …
and there you were in your 94 block crisp red tee , holding a corona , in your beige camo pants & scott slippahs . ur car had crazy kine sounds , music bumping , vibes going ..... then you yelled “ANYBODY CAN GET IT UUUCE “ and i was wondering if i can get ... YOU .  …
Corona Borealis (for Bloopbeepfook). 
First case of Corona Virus has hit Brisbane. Our Govt is not even screening at the border. Thousands of students will be arriving soon. Extremely concerning for those Kiwis with suppressed immune systems.
< Mentre dormivo la mano di un fratello mi carpì in un solo colpo la vita la corona e la regina! > #Leggendo #Amleto William Shakespeare a #CasaLettori @CasaLettori @Amelie84044597 @Beatric31517150 @danielgr31 @tafudany1 @Carmela_oltre #21gennaio Dante G 
Family friends ID 1 of 3 boys killed in alleged intentional Temescal Valley crash as 16-year-old Corona high school student Drake Ruiz  
Until further notice all Corona will be 99p per bottle.  …
What's up with this corona virus that has multiple airlines shut off from China, Taiwan & other? Upper respiratory issues & many dying? Wow... Keeps getting more & more weird. Will this affect trade or was it intended to?
The Toyota Corona Mark II 2000 coupé and saloon in this German brochure from late 1972 have typically ornate  to many of that era's Japanese cars. The cover pictures features the Munich Olympic Park, which had just hosted that year's games. #carbrochure 
We couldn't agree more with @Koreaboo article mentioning from the beginning of @BTS_twt 's theories their inspiration from Greek mythology Icarus&Daedalus, Pandora's box, Corona borealis(Ariadne princess of Crete),Dionysus&Greek God Personas.  …
It’s at moments like these you realise how dangerous Abbott Morrison et al are. They closed OUR world class Infectious Diseases Lab. Then Ebola, Zika, SARS, MERS, measles, Hendra, Dengue, Wuhan corona virus... #auspol  …
In the backyard Of my soul I've looked at the Ancient stars whose Broken lights Cut corona Of the Moon Water rumbled In a secret cistern Scent of jasmine Challenged Tufts of dandelion Silence of sleeping bird Resonated inside a gazebo 'This might be My new poem' I thought 
Three Chinese quarantined in Kalibo for suspected corona virus infection 
A dangerous virus is spreading rapidly in China, and U.S. officials are worried it  here. China has more than 200 confirmed cases of Corona virus which produces pneumonia like symptoms. 3 people have died, which has spread to at least three other Asian countries. 
An ex colleague's sister who is a teacher and lives in China with her 2 small kids & husband, got suddenly diagnosed with CORONA VIRUS (the new SARS like outbreak) she is in emergency. The cost of treatment is back breaking. If you can contribute, pls  …
East China’s Zhejiang province reported five cases of suspected new corona virus-related pneumonia cases Monday, according to local health authorities. 
That's probably Kingdom of Corona in the background, but boy would I love it to be the Secret Forest. This is from the slideshow feature. 
Playing with photos from the August 2017 total solar eclipse... here's  of frames centered on totality from a simple timelapse taken with a GoPro Hero2. Time advances from left to right, with the reflection of the corona in the water. Pettit Lake, Idaho. 
All of us at the Louis Armstrong House Museum are saddened to hear of the passing of one of our biggest supporters—and a Corona neighbor—Jimmy Heath. Jimmy was on the faculty of Queens College in the 1980s and was…  …
Corona high nooooo  …
Due to the current outbreak of Cluster Pneumonia caused by novel corona virus in Hubei China as reported by @WHO here are some  for international travelers 1.Avoid unprotected contact with sick people ( including spitting in public , touching ones 
#Sooners offer the number one player in the 2021 class Korey Foreman. The Corona (CA) Centennial 5 DL is a strong, twitchy, versatile DL and would fit Grinch’s system perfectly. 247sports profile:   …
If Corona survives the night can we donate her to charity tomorrow? 
Nini a baha corona hubenil pa Rudyanne.. That's it, that's the tweet.
why tf do I live in corona bru
An ice cold corona w/ a lime on a hot summer day !? Pshh, Top 5  …
lmao this is Corona High  …
This is  image of the #Sun through the #SDO's many filters. Each color represents a different #wavelength of extreme ultraviolet light present in the Sun's corona. The wavelengths in turn correlate to material of different temperatures. More:  
Only taking good energy and Corona into 2020 
Famous last words.. Baby Baby.. Corona
Wait, if I’m a kid now, I should prolly put this Corona down... oops This Kid Destroyed Us for That PewDiePie Roast – And We Love Him for It!  … via @ccnmarkets
If you like mineral water you’ll like white claws, personally I like Corona Refrescas better
Oh, and wouldn't you know it, Drax is promising to go 'carbon neutral' in the next ten years. Fantastic! All it needs is a few more £bns from the government to develop exciting 'BECCS' technology that will capture CO2 in used Corona bottles.  …
Decent humblebrag sir...see you at the ship! First Corona is on me.
But in all honesty, believe me for that is your image in my eyes. If you have any mistakes you think you need to improve, then change. Just remember, youre never too far gone.
Had a taste for a corona but my dad got rolling rock in the fridge so I guess I’ll settle
To all my Canadian friends: Enjoy your weekend! What a game from the boys! They can enjoy thevwek off. I am on Corona tonight. Good night from Germany! 
I'm at @WoodRanch BBQ & Grill in Corona, CA  
@chloesobritish Louis drinking corona we Stan  …
Down by the boats in Corona Del Mar #seniorportraits #classof2020 #orangecounty #OCSeniorphotography #coronadelmar #socal #seniorpictures #seniors #seniorpics #seniorphotographer #seniorphotography #senioryear #modernsenior #seniorphotos #seniorsession 
#Carpool #Corona -> #Irvine rideshare 3 Seats offered #splitcosts  …
Join Cactus Dave out at @CDSResort Paradiso Lounge TONIGHT for Country Night! Live music from Boomtown starting at 9pm. Drink specials inside Paradiso including $2.75 Coors Light and Corona Premier plus shot specials! Get all the details at  
