Terrified of Corona? Then stay in your house But stop demanding your neighbors live in the same fear you chose for yourself !
baekyong always have our backs.. taeyong is read to swing the bat at miss corona and baek is ready to squish.. thank you my kings 
Neither Corona Virus nor Robbers will know our homes!!! . Amen
Baby this my four sisters will be staying with us, till this Corona period, is over Reply as the husband 
Today's the day I would've been ring dunking if this Corona shit ain't happen 
What a gift this whole 'Weaponization of Corona' gambit is for leftists - whose main goal is to destroy the earth and build its utopian paradise on its ashes.
We're tired of Corona, go checkout other planet please  …
Once this corona shit is over I hope they award taeyong with the nobel peace prize after single handely destroying the virus with his bat
Someone speed dial Ms Corona 
taeyong just waiting for corona to try him so he can beat her ass with his covid bat 
Can't wait to hear Pastor Mike Todd tomorrow. Transformation Church out of Tulsa is gonna be my first road trip after we whip corona.
when this  to an end within a day all of a sudden bc corona has been eradicated u all know who to thank. lee taeyong
Can a Babalawo, Witch or Wizard catch Corona?
daewon left a message at his kkt gc "everyone, i'm doing well! please always be careful of the corona virus! don't get sick!! today too, fighting!!" 
Ay yo thanks for letting me crash at your mansion when I got evicted and cured my corona you the best my guy
CNN is covering the actual legit corona briefing part of the rally. They're ignoring Trump's unhinged partisan ramblings. Heard it all before.
First @onedirection and now @Magcon 2020 might not be so bad after corona ends
Corona Times BBC schedule... 
Young ppl will be worst affected by the economic fallout from corona. Older Australians should fulfil their end of the social contract by supporting redress of the inequality. My Sunday bit:  …
the last thing corona sees before getting her shit rocked 
She’s gonna bang bang corona out of this world
. @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @CNN Today’s “Corona Virus Briefing” was nothing more than a rant, rally and Democrat bash from a wanna be Dictator. If you insist on showing these, I insist you give equal time to @JoeBiden. An American Voter #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
are you sure Corona is from China? Because Chinese things don’t usually last this long..
Some people think because I’m old I should be living in fear of this Corona crap going on. Wrong! I’m pissed! I’m pissed about what the politicians are doing to good folk out there struggling to make it from day to day. I’m pissed because they’ve done nothing but lie to us.
everyone when corona starts to slow down but florida beaches start to reopen 
If we had to wear masks for a little while due to corona, i'd happily wear one looking like this. 
Me explaining to my grandkids what I got up to during the Great Corona Lockdown 
Our latest "Chess for Life in the time of Corona" episode features international chess journalist and writer John Saunders @johnchess. With @gmmds and  …
just found out her new man got corona 
I will not allow Corona to bully me into serving it at my wedding, even with it delaying the big day. The Busch Light will be cold and flowing no matter the date! Excited for June 20th! #BuschWeddingGift 
Ever since this corona shit started my ass been having some weird ass dreams or is that just me ?
corona doesnt affect objects? guess we women are fine
It’s not corona virus that will kill us lol, it’s STUPIDITY
I’ve been 18 for so long, but I’m not rushing you 19...let corona pass first.
Don’t quote me but I think the corona passed thru Evansville before quarantine that’s why hella people was sick then and that shit hardly spreading now out here. The doctors was just telling people they had sinus infections and other bullshit. I’m like 99% sure I already had it
Videos from this time last year are showing me why Corona needs to end because ehhh we were servingg
KD woulda had a great probate for sure .. gahdamn corona .
Stay tuned for @KCTenants take on direct action, radical imagination in the time of Corona. Monday April 20. Missouri will look a lil different
#scamdemic Report from Inside an Ontario Nursing Home "This corona thing is a fucking joke. They need to end the shutdowns as soon as possible because this is a waste of time and money."  … 
Ya salimos pa la calle! FUCK CORONA U AINT STOPPIN SHIT LINK IN MY BIO! #LOSSNTS #ST 
Sales today so far and almost double what they were before this whole SHIT started. This is why El Paso is progressively  the worst city in the country for corona virus cases. All for a fucking pink drinks and vanilla beans. UGH
B.C. (Before Corona) brunch vibes with Lori Shot by me 
#TAEYONG: corona stop it seriously stop 
I wish the corona had dreads so all these white people would stay inside
Cousin had too postpone her wedding because of Corona so family and friends did a “almost wedding” drive by 
I’m starting my own podcast, new content will be out soon... corona’s ruined recording plans but feel free to follow and subscribe to my YT page, thank you Insta:gist_junkie YouTube  
We urge Corona to leave and make arrangements for its permanent residence no later than April 30,2020 at noon, taking as many as its personal belongings as possible.
HE REALLY SERVED THIS HARD ON A CORONA VIRUS LIVESTREAM 
210) Virginia reduces jail population by 17% amid Corona virus  …
no taeyong is holding a baseball bat to fight corona he said POST UP
Do not underestimate the power of collective positive thought. It is more infectious than Corona Each time you think positive thoughts, so do those around you. Collective positive thought going parabolic. $LINK $1000 is just the start. Good God, i'm so excited for you 
Hanks is one of the main elite freemasons that is often involved in making a fake story, a hoax, believable and sell it to the masses. The above pics are from the movie #Philadelphia ( #aids hoax). Funny how Hanks, decades later, is still involved, with his fake corona infection. 
If I had corona virus, would you still hug me? 
This is too stupid to be fake. She claims Miami is overrun by Mexicans drinking Corona beer. #ShitForBrains.  … 
Important call from African intellectuals on corona - signed amongst others by ⁦ @FelwineSarr⁩ ⁦ @MbembeQuotes⁩ ⁦  …
So y’all think just cus they gon open the beach back up it’s ok to throw a party?? Fucking idiots. Hope y’all catch corona.
I watched it on @MSNBC Another 2,000 dead today. 750,000 sick. Soon 40,000 Americans will have died. And during the "Corona Virus Update" they were not even mentioned.
corona sneaking up on us 
Can see a pay-off clear as a bell and that cash Pelosi just recently secured negotiating around corona virus relief - can you investigate this ? @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
Prediction : Two weeks from now - Alex Jones tests positive for corona.  …
Brainstorming a cookbook for people with corona. Which foods make nice sounds?
to everyone that has reached out to me saying that they’re praying for me and my family, it is greatly appreciated. my dad is home now and has tested positive for the corona virus. he is isolated in his room for 14 days.
Willian calls for the cancellation of the season and the non-return of activity until the final elimination of the Corona virus. Willian: “Now nobody cares about the title! Even Liverpool stars are only concerned about their loved ones” 
Kesha blew that bitch corona out of the universe with her vocals tonight! We love a good singer, songwriter, animal activist, lgbtq supporter, and scientist  …
Fed govt has sent notification to Sindh of "Corona Relief Tigers". There is no need of these youthiya tigers here.There are LHv, LAWs, teachers, which could be mobilized, if needed.These "Tigers" along with PTI reps will mess up with DCs & dist admin. @murtazawahab1 @zamirghumro
when corona is over .. what if jake came over and we hangout ...
can BC now mean before corona ?
Corona crisis measures increase domestic violence . #Mexico are stepping up to protect vulnerable populations Thank you, @MarthaDelgado and @M_OlgaSCordero! 
I saw this on instagram I decided to share it herethis song is a hit with a lot of meaning and message #SocialDistance by @OfficialMampi ft jk! Let’s fight corona 
Did ... did Corona take The O? 
Do you find it strange that the Corona virus knows where the rich & wealthy countries are located? It must have a money sensor attached to it. 
I'm going to fistfight corona myself just to stop these morons from posting oversaturated food  …
People that don’t take this corona virus serious are a trip , but when your mom or dad or family member is on a ventilator fighting for their life I bet you’ll take that shit seriously
That's the CORONA I like!!!  …
From the 17 cases of Corona in Malawi 3 have recovered..
Trump said in his corona conference today " you are lucky I was elected as there would have been a war with North Korea.. who knows it might be over now " The man is demented. Does anyone know the process of removing a president of the USA for being sick or insane. @piersmorgan
What If Jesus is back as corona and he’s taking his favorite with him. #happygreekeaster
My Corona Virus Quote! 
Another 2,000 dead today. 750,000 sick. Soon 40,000 Americans will have died. And during the "Corona Virus Update" they were not even mentioned.
India has had only 350 Corona Virus deaths with a population of 1.3 billion residents. After heeding President Trump's advice in March, India began  and subsequently administering Hydroxychloroquine to its citizens diagnosed with Covid-19.  …
y’all think corona just gonna say “ur bold for being outside today, hm no mask either? you got heart, i won’t infect you”
Me I want corona to end oo buh school no de3 gye October
So today is my moms birthday and because of corona she can’t really celebrate, so one of her best friends stopped by to play a little birthday song. Shout out to the SPI locals and shout out to Laurie Brass!! #HappyBirthdayMomma #FuckCorona #AloneTogether 
i’m selling a my custom controllers to help out some of my family affected financially by corona. dm me for prices, id love to get these to new homes asap! 
As I never collect allowance in while now, as this Corona Dy finish make dem help me gather all the allowance together just gimme everything at once
Corona made me rethink my lungs. I just smoked my last cigarette. Ever. 
Broadway star Nick Cordero is losing his leg  from Corona. He was a forty one year old in fantastic physical shape. Do not listen to anyone who says this is not deadly serious (His family’s gofundme here  … )
If you could end Corona by sacrificing a part of Miami which part would you choose and why Kendall??
 BLACK PEOPLE to ANIMALS at art expo.... But Americans are racist for calling Corona the Chinese Virus We are living in the upside down! 
corona ruined my prom but I still did my hair and put on my dress. Couldn’t forget to show off my @Crocs 
these artists just going “love peace life connection ” to corona but superm ready to fight with “uh u think ya big boy throwing three stacks? imma show you how to ball you a mismatch” is still sending
two leaders, both alike in dignity (or lack thereof), in (un)fair Corona, where we lay our scene.
Nobody ‘loses their battle’ with Corona. It’s not a battle. It’s a disease & the way it runs its course in someone’s body is totally outside their control. People who survive are just lucky, no more no less. They didn’t win any battle. What’s the point of such language?
Lmao. Some people don't still believe Corona is in Nigeria. They believe it's a plot by the government to steal money. So they'll put a whole country on hold because they want to steal?? Lmao
Until a vaccine is found, we are in a different reality. The entire world has changed. We simply need to live in a corona routine. Because of this, I am continuing to invest major efforts so that there will be the emergency and national unity government the country needs so much.
PM Netanyahu: In recent weeks Israel and all countries have been on an extraordinary journey, the goal of which is to ensure health and lives in the shadow of the global corona pandemic. Throughout this journey, we have taken determined and methodical steps to  the virus.
China‘s embassy in Berlin wrote me an open letter because they weren‘t too happy with our Corona coverage. I responded.  …
I watched that Bariga clip and I can tell you that Lagos is as ignorant as those in the North. Nobody is practicing social distancing. We can only expect more Corona Virus cases really.
corona brought seasonal depression to the springtime i see you girl
BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM 1. Kerry violates Logan act 2. Obama left the cupboards bare 3. Was Corona on purpose? 4. Obama gave Iran cash 1.8 billion .............. I can’t keep up.
MP Govt starts manufacturing 10,000 PPE kits daily for frontline Corona warriors  …
May God bless and protect us ALL. We call upon you Baba to keep us corona free. May you protect the poor from hunger and starvation. Sikelela Nkosi! 
man a practice social distance long before corona
Just Look at corona dancing around this man 
Y'all my sister just called and told me my dad has been rushed to the hospital because of Corona Virus he had some difficulty breathing and couldn't walk..So just asking for prayers please as he is afflicted  and is elderly. 
Ogun state is having a "window of relaxation" on some days during the lockdown. I hope Corona virus has been duly informed of its new opening and closing times
so i guess one of the symptoms of the corona virus is having no taste?? ugh i hope people who watch riverdale get better soon
5SOS'S concerts 5SOSFams being canceled doing a online bc of the corona concert with virus more than 5h 
Can everyone please just follow the government instructions so we can knock out this corona virus and be done?! I feel like a kindergartner who keeps losing more recess time because one or two kids can’t follow directions.
When India is at war with Corona this is the kind of venom #ArundhatiRoy decides to spew. Making such  & provoking a  to cause more harm,just to push forward her Anti-Modi propaganda.Suggesting that govt be misled by fake information. 
It is true. And it's warranted. Montana was invaded by Corona refugees from NY that did untold damage.  …
Let me get this straight. Thanks to Corona... 1. Foreign owned tollways are going bankrupt. 2. Police can’t write enough tickets to pay bills. 3. Areas with malaria (drugs) don’t get flu/pneumonia. 4. Federal aid to States allows for 100% audit rights. Winning. #QANON
In Abia state, corona virus gives them 2 free days every 2 weeks to go and restock, and then corona virus continues to infect people after the break, because I don’t understand why the lockdown is relaxed every 2 weeks for 2 days.
he rlly said “oh no corona don’t” 
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @MoHFW_INDIA @FinMinIndia As a responsible citizen of ,I appeal for a probe on #APGovt on CORONA RAPID KITS Procurement from .Chhattisgarh Govt procured High Quality Rapid Testing Kits from at ₹337 where AP Procured same kit at ₹730(2lakh kits ) 
May All black owner businesses prosper, May all black struggling to make ends meet have the chains of poverty lift upon them, may the spread of Corona be mitigated, may we all be successful in life ngegama lika Jesu Amen!! 
My uncle died from corona and my mom is driving around all of Maryland with a dry erase board so she can stand outside all his friends houses and check on/thank them. - It’s beautiful to see love being shown even when people are hurting. 
People seem deeply indoctrinated now. It pre-dates corona. Many will not tolerate doubt at all at the moment. That is their (and our) problem and truly sad. We've forgotten what democracy and liberty are all about. The freedom to think. The need to ask difficult questions. #FREE
Bild's editor @jreichelt tells  president: "Before Corona, China was known as a surveillance state. Now, China is known as a surveillance state that infected the world with a deadly disease.That is your political legacy.”  …
i bet if corona was named “tyrone” white people would stay inside 
Bet9ja will soon start dropping odds for NCDC Corona virus cases in Nigeria. They'll be like; Over 10.5- 1.28 Over 20.5- 1.60 Over 30.5- 2.10 Over 40.5- 3.40 Under 50.5- 1.10 1X2 Lagos vs Kano 1-1.60 2-4.20 Bet responsibly!
im now protected from the Corona Virus 
Today I have made the decision to opt in to the 80/20 placement to help support the NHS during the corona crisis. Feeling such a mixture of emotions 
Tweet 1 - Ramzan Starting From 23 April and Gehlot Sarkar is giving permission to open the Stores, Factories, Transport, Shops etc from 20 April 2020...So don't you think so Muslim people will roam around the city and spread CORONA in Jodhpur...I am nt targeting any Community.
Prayers for a local priest who has potentially been exposed to the Corona virus as he gave last rites to a woman who passed away from the virus this week. I will not divulge the priests name out of fear he may get into trouble from our wicked bishops and chancery.
It gets lame hearing ppl ‘blaming’ the POTUS and ANY elected official for virus deaths. Fact- Humanity has always had viruses and pandemics. As long as we have people we will have these things. Corona is  to what many have experienced in the past. Quit whining!
paul pogba when u don’t dab to stop corona virus 
I hope this corona teaches you to marry for love 
Corona violence. Brought on by trump his deathkkult and propaganda pundit mercenaries - behind desks on camera - spewing lies
Corona virus!! Listen to me !! Go back to sender!! We've  you enough!!!! I cast and bind you with the power of the holy ghost! Leave!!!!!!!! 
if u ever attended a fish n chips party you immune to corona #facts
Wearing a mask while protesting the Corona virus is hilarious. Republicans are dumb.
Why are people so concerned about being microchipped with the corona vaccine when you’re literally carrying around a smart phone at all times with a mic and camera
C’mon. Orchestrated Tea Party “Grassroots” Protests 2010, fooled you once, shame on them. Corona Protests 2020, fooled you twice?  …
Got my sequins on and ready to host some speedruns! My shift on Corona Relief Done Quick starts now! Come join and DONATE! #CRDQ  
new favorite tinder bio: “if the corona virus doesn’t take you out, i’d like to.”
He wasted time doing ANYTHING else for more than a month When forced (again) to take some steps he assembled the Corona task force with idiots and lackeys except TWO medical experts He then ignored and contradicted EXPERTS at every turn
ex #Pentagon #Minpha "Due to corona, I don't have any money, so I wore female clothing and dated a sugar daddy. 26 years old / jobless man" ( *corona is driving our bandmen crazy xD) #vk #v系 #vkei  …
The same people who do the cash app scam are the same people who believe 5G causes corona virus.
Duty or score-settling? Rights and wrongs of corona-shaming  …
@ladygaga. Im sick with the Corona Virus. I know u help people and God said to ask you so here I am! A closed mouth wont be fed! I need your help anything you you can help us with! Thanks Gaga 
In the end people want a "Corona App" so that when the lockdown gets lifted, the deaths are not the consequence of a political decision but a "bug" that needs "patches".
Have the Italian, Spanish & French MSM spent the entire time that Corona Virus has been rampaging through Europe bitching & slagging off their governments? ... Or is it a British press thing?....
just so you all know once corona is done and gwen stefani brings her vegas residency back u will see me there finally seeing my queen bookmark this tweet
Corona violence - Roy, India on the brink — When (hopefully not ) corona  here It will have been instigated by the Criminal incoherent  buffoon- he will do anything to avoid responsibility - he’s a fascist  …
Our / Your prime minister Ladies and Gents, A COBRA meeting, is a cabinet office briefing room meeting held for National Emergencies. Boris Missed 5. Only showed up for the 5th corona one in March. This is not the leadership. This is negligence. Would you still be employed?  …
Corona=666 ? Covid-19=... 
Horon, connecting people. (Even in Corona days.) 
“If the corona virus doesn’t take you out can I?” 
When will the head of the World Health Organization say the truth? He knows very well that China has silenced early whistleblowers who warned about the corona virus' rise and spread inside China and from China to the rest of the world. #Mariamaaloof #USA 
Syria: Trump's trying to kill us Repeal ACA: Trump's Trying to kill us Paris Accord: Trump's Trying to kill us Overturn Iran deal:Trump's trying to kill us N.Korea tweets: Trump's Trying to kill us Corona Virus: Trump's trying to kill us See the pattern?!
“ US-China virus clash could escalate into hot war, expert warns” My recent analysis about Corona Pandemic...  …
No lie this corona shit needs to go away. I got moves to make
My son and I usually have movies but Corona isn’t allowing us,so I did my own movie date 
Did she say there’s corona outside LOOOOOL  …
corona is stored in the b-  …
This is a picture of “Wuhan Institute of Virology” in Wuhan China's central Hubei province which is likely the original source of the Covid19 outbreak. First corona virus deaths in this lab in 2017... 
I already told my partner when I see him after this corona stuff is over, I already know I'll be getting pregnant with our 2nd child. Here's our first: 
Malaria drug wey person dey buy N500 is now N1,500. The next mosquito I lay my hands on will feel the full force of this Corona regime.. Nonsense 
New rhyming slang: Miley Cyrus (virus) Desdemona (corona) Forrest Gump (elbow bump) Nook & cranny (hand sanny) Beef stroganoff (cough) Me Bean (quarantine) Cyndi Lauper (torpor) Jimi Hendrix (Netflix) Magic mushroom (Zoom) Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (how much longer?)
Getting ready for the most epic pub crawl ever when this corona virus is over! #whodey #StaySafe 
today was supposed to be my senior day ..... but corona said jk, so I’ll see y’all next year
Here’s @AOC teaching us all how to not catch Corona by not touching our faces Thank you AOC for your wonderful example 
CHINA IS #1 ON THE CORONA VIRUS DEATHS AND CASES BUT THE FAKE NEWS WON’T SAY THAT...DJT* 
New episode! Featuring guest co-host @Sandersd84 Have you heard ‘264: Corona With Limes Part 1’ on #SoundCloud? #np We talk about the latest TV news including #WrestleMania #UFC #XFL and more!  …
President Trump is pulling no punches at this Corona Daily Briefing! He's pissed off! Be warned fake news White House press corps! You're officially warned, don't ask stupid questions!
End of Lock Down: Deaths from Corona Virus: 0 Deaths from security forces' Brutality: 5+  …
Me @everyone’s BBQ’s post corona lockdown  …
Mauritania is officially a corona free country I’m definitely a proud citizen, shoutout to the department of health and the population for following the guidelines.
Is that real? Corona numbers are going to be through the roof thanks to morons like these. They'll get normal ppl sick. Who'll stock shelves in supermarkets & work in the pharmacies? Everybody will be contaminated. THANKS, REPUBLICANS! Thank you for KILLING US.  …
I like this honesty. Corona alone isn’t killing anyone  …
Lame ass corona cancelled sundress season ....
Was there any doubt?  … after  visit the home of the Hickory Huskers.
Is this a coincidence or experiment? Wherever the Prime Minister took his friend Trump, Corona has spread more and more. "Ahmedabad - Agra - Delhi" #NamasteTrump
Report this to the police immediately. Is this because you asked people to stay at home for corona?!?!
I find it odd that the Ministry of Education should expect exams to be held on schedule this yr despite the Corona interruption of school. Let's be realistic. No one must do anything at a particular age. Exams should be contingent upon the education process/tuition not routines.
Mo. Salah has donated "Thousands Of Tonnes" of Food to his hometown of Nagrig in Egypt to help families affected by the CORONA VIRUS pandemic, per Egypt independent .. Such a great step by Salah. Do good for others and it  back in unexpected ways #YNWA 
If corona was a person  …
Yay! Say hi to corona virus when it hits you!!! Woohooo!!
what, demonizing the chinese as if they weren’t already subject to racist attacks over corona?
I predicted this Corona shit a long time ago  …
The corona virus death charts are people who died after being tested positive. Why is corona virus is killing people only after they are being tested?. Why is there no cases of untested people who died of corona virus?. Think about it
From the very first corona case, infection rate has always been below 5%. It’s reduced and stabilized at below 3%. There is no curve to flatten. If you test 1 million people you will have around 27000 test positive. It doesn’t mean the flu is spreading, nor exponential increase
I really need to get married in this corona error. This looks good. You breathe well as a bridegroom, no uninvited guests. Oh yesss! 
Fuckin hell Even the Times turning on the govt re Corona now Getting Serious  …
my boyfriend doesn’t see an issue with people gathering to protest lockdowns while his dad is literally in the hospital with corona.. be honest, should i break up w him?
If a girl loves your vibes, she'll meet you whether corona is there or not. Respect yourself son.
Let see how smart you are,this are words we see everyday we see in the news now.. First 2 are done 1. Orovacrusin - Corona Virus 2. Hunaw - Wuhan 3. Mayhoest 4. Fasstaye 5. Danpmice 6. Knowdcol 7. Fecruw 8. Siovepit 9. Ongasidis 10. Kerbauto Solve the rest...
i hope corona cancels summer sales so we don’t have to go thru the suffering of seeing provo girls post about their brave boyfriends leaving them for 3 months to go sell security systems
Gonna tell my kids( such a joke) that l lived through BC and AC which basically translates to Befor Corona and After Corona.
I miss getting extra freaky, now you can’t even trust saliva without thinking you gone catch corona
4000+ ppl died of corona in one day and y’all wanna protest in the streets, in crowds, blocking traffic and hospital entrances b/c you want to do what you want. Ppl in this country are so idiotic
That’s it I muted corona i can’t take the stupid from twitter on that anymore People just cannot be rational or think about where everyone  from Only spit out what CNN or Fox says or what someone else says I’m done. Expect art and memes after this
“when i’m showing my kids how it was to grocery shop in 2020. #corona #socialdistancing” via samwise_the_fish on 
Haha These girls will "after corona kuisha" you to death.
Chacha phenchod preventing the spread of corona 
Please watch this video.. And every budy can take serious about Corona.. and Explain to your family And any other family,s... Don't going outside of home. Every Budy Can #StayhomeAndStaySafe कमेंट #ReleaseAjazKhan #ReleaseAjazKhan 
Idaho was JUST beginning to flatten the curve, our hospitals are managing what we have and we LUCKILY have beds available for corona patients and y’all wanna congregate in hundreds to protest WHAT IS WORKING? You wanna love thy neighbor? Stay home and keep them safe you fucks
Fighters, why are you not giving Ramaphosa the same treatment you gave Zuma about the fact that we are on recession and downgraded not because of Corona, also about SAA and all other shanenigans happening Can we conclude that your treatment of Zuma was personal?
My corona writings: Anomie  … Whom to help  … The world after corona  … Corona as an enemy  … (Two more  next week).
@AfroSenju this was before corona was a thing 
I feel a bit uneasy about the tone of the Sunday Times article. We all know that Johnson went on an expensive holiday at New Year‘s, and that his fiancée is younger. But how is this relevant in the context of Corona?
R.I.P and prayers out to everybody and their families of people who have been affected by Corona
We were fighting Corona and didn’t even know it 
no one you hate will die from coronavirus. every powerful politician who gets the rona will have a team of top doctors around them 24/7 while poor people are left to die alone. Henry Kissinger will get corona and still live another 20 years
2020 Minyoon year. Corona ruined a lot of events but things are looking bright again. Mino slaying that GQ spread & being the talk of the town on Mapo Hipster. Seungyoon getting that hype on KOMS & possibly booked by ilford photo...they’re thriving & yes we stan forever.
I am undiagnosing the earth with corona, its done, we did it, we beat corona
Radio #Rwanda announced to soon make corona virus test mandatory begin w/ Kigali. healthcare teams to go house 2 house testing. Citizens demand rights to exercise freedom. No trust after many citizens mysteriously died or disappeared after being told positive & taken away
Odisha: Distribution of #Corona utility kits for people more than 80 years of age has started in Kendrapara. The  of 2 cloth masks, soap bar, IEC material, and saplings of immunity enhancing plants like lemon etc. Report: Tapan | 
Well, I tested positive for corona again. Don’t think you can’t catch this more than once, it’s not a joke. Stay healthy out there.
Corona Style Gender Reveal!!! 
What corona did to planned marriages 
The Famous German Boxer Willham Ott,the European champion in martial arts,announces his conversion to Islam through a video,stressing that the Corona crisis gave him an opportunity to reflect and find his faith @Swift_Retort @TheSniffer3303 @gilgiti__pk050 @Asad_Rattay 
Ask yourself if Iran had the highest corona death toll, there was long lines for food, economic elite were profiting from access to gov, and protests encouraged by ruling faction and its media erupted across country, how would you write about it? Now, write that way about the US.
Join us on Live By Sri CA L Karthikeyan by 6 Pm Today On the topic "Legal Aspects of Corona" #Abvp 
No guarantees in football but United look better placed. Corona virus has affected clubs financially. Think Pogba will stay, regardless of whether he renews. Club will trigger the extension.  …
This virus is gonna be a life a changing experience if we survive it. We'll never be the same again. May we all live long enough to tell our kids and grand kids about corona.
I agree with @jackposobiec on the corona virus.
Here Dictator. I found one for you. AOC, Schumer and a small group gathered in the virally blighted neighborhood of Corona, Queens, in AOC’s district, to hear a pitch for the Federal Emergency Management Agency to offer funeral assistance. (NYP)  
Since the pandemic started Genovia has yet to record any corona virus cases. Aanjad the nations being lead by women are excelling. 
 .Pete'sPolls Trump 48 Biden 48 Uns. 4 Blacks 13% Uns 7% Hispanics 48% (Lots Cubans) Uns 4% Fem/Male 49% Corona 48/48% DeSantis 53% Female apro very good.Trump dies better in Fla with them
Yo... PRIVILEGE blind some a unu to bloodclaaat! If before corona people did a live hand to mouth(nuh know weh dem a eat the next day) ... a during corona dem ago have a week/s supply of groceries? And Anju deeven give out  grant yet?
Since the first death in the UK from Corona Virus, approximately 21,000 patients have died from cancer. Cancer patients are vulnerable, isolated and worried. Very proud that @AAC_Harrogate are able to continue to provide home support at this time. @EmmaRadcliffe18 
7 days ago our infections were 2173 & today it’s 3034, in just one week we had 861 New Infections yet we’re under lockdown. It’s clear people aren’t staying in, Corona is going to show us flames Mzansi, 
Brazil's new COVID Health Minister started as he means to go on (emphasis on 'mean'): "Don't think it's a good idea to buy more ventilators, I mean, what are we gonna do with all of them once the Corona crisis is over?" \ Well I do a have a suggestion but it's too rude..  …
However old you are, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50. We were never living in a "normality". This Corona Hoax could well back-fire on the "elite". If this latest PsyOp doesn't wake you up, nothing will. x
No Corona virus formed against you and your family shall s prosper #BLACKCOFFEE #GlobalCitizen 
This is the most ideal year to put a ban on bennies from New  to Jersey beaches. We could say that it’s for Corona precautions but it’s really just that we’ve waited so long to not have  to the beach with Air Force ones and snap backs
I’m wearing my dress for Alpha Sig Formal where we would have gone to Niagara Falls & I really miss my friends (thanks corona) 
HOW CAN SOMEONE BE SO F**CKING INSENSITIVE? Political differences aside but praying for people to get affected by corona??! @fatah_pak you definitely showed how you have been brought up! @murtazawahab1 mind teachig manners to your chamcha who is followed by your chairman and 
Me before Corona shopping / Me during Corona shopping  …
Corona better geddifok, I need to get back to watching the EPL.
In ten years following two anti-dead-air joker-topics will be a must at all dinner parties: "Steel constructions don't crumble under strong heat, do they?!" "Why this gigantic Corona hype back then by the MSM? WHO global Stress test?"
So true, with over 28 people dead in Orange County, CA, @GavinNewsom has had to start burying the bodies of deceased Corona Virus victims on Catalina Island. But  …
How much of hatred should a country have towards its minority to give a higher risk coefficient weightage for being a Muslim rather than having corona itself. I was anyway disappointed but this just makes me sick in the gut.  …
I just clocked that this kid's dad is the minister who reads corona updates daily  …
remember when people said the flu was deadlier than corona.....y’all look especially stupid now 
Malcolm livid with mr. corona because he limits his daily bollocking sessions. Two pictures because of social distancing. #TheThickOfIt #MalcolmTucker 
AFTER CORONA THE FIRST PUSSY I GET MIGHT GET RIPPED INSIDE OUT
Two Gentlemen from Corona
I’m 97% sure the Corona Virus was born at White Water Bay
Kudos to NPR for factual reporting of Korean authorities statements. Same to the Koreans methodical response to the Corona Virus as opposed to Trump and republicans FUBARing the hell out of it.
The cornucopia scene in Hunger Games but it’s the one month we’ll have at the end of the summer after the first lockdown is over and before the second corona wave hits to find a romantic partner to quarantine with
Definitely going treat it like a new phone release and let y’all get the first batch of post-corona air... I’ll give it two weeks lol
DP World Company of UAE has transferred to Berbera City Mayor and Sahil region Governor of the Republic of Somaliland, biggest medical-aid as prevention masks & hand gloves, incl. oxygen machines and medicines for high fever and divers painkillers against Corona virus (COVID-19) 
Is this  of Federal govt or a well conspiracy against Sindh? Punjab govt released 10 people of Tablighi jamat said, they are negative of Covid19 But Six people were confirmed with the Corona virus after testing by the Sukkur administration #StopPettyPolitics 
A kinder version of "If I get corona, I get corona."  …
At this rate. Im gonna die before corona has a chance to get me. 
1127 positive cases 44 total confirmed deaths My tribe has lost more to corona virus than 13 other states, let that sink in. The go fund me for my tribe is located below. There is also an info graphic on how to donate face masks to my tribes & other local southwest tribes.  …
A losing trade is only costly if you don't learn from it. The problem is the world didn't learn from 08, & worse than that, most in the game thought the losing trade was the way to win coz all losers got bailed out, so they doubled down. The world is all in & Corona has called.
Corona Virus cases moved from 2783 to 3034 an increase of 251...the biggest number since we went on Lockdown. Am scared to what will happen to our beautiful Country this virus is deadly. #COVID19SouthAfrica 
As I cared for mr. Big coughing locked in at his loft without me I couldn't help but wonder: when was this corona virUS going to  a corona virME? 
LMAO let’s never forget this memorable moment pre corona outbreak  …
During this corona virus thing, we can see that there's a tons of good people still exists in the world. And that's what makes me happy
So @NYGovCuomo is Saying TRUMP won't Help Save lives!! He's BEGGED TRUMP non stop to PLEASE HELP NEW YORK ( & all america) FIGHT CORONA with TESTING & Trump REFUSES!! Why?!?! Testing is the only thing that's stopped Corona in Germany, SKorea, Iceland.. why won't Trump Help?  …
The Freshmen-15 ain’t  to this Corona-15
The Fight against the corona virus 
Now it’s time for the second stage of buying legitimacy for #KhameneiVirus and his regime! The “Supreme Leader” is leading the “good deed” of helping Corona impacted people. How you may ask! By asking people to “help”! #IranTruth  …
This was the line yesterday to receive food assistance from Catholic Charities in Corona, Queens — the neighborhood with the highest number of positive coronavirus cases in NYC. (via @javiercastrotv/ 
This is one of the Wink Warrior setup for him to play Poker on WINK gaming each day. He is from the west coast of the USA and under shelter in place now. Keeping himself entertain and busy during this Corona Virus stay at home rule. @WINkorg- the #1 DApp for gaming on 
They want to speak to Corona’s manager: 
This video has been circulating on social media with persons stating that is was from a Corona testing exercise, it is in fact from an Alcoria Sports day which was held last year. Desist from spreading fake news. 
'Corona doesn't care how you identify' What are you talking about tho
Beginning to think that a Leftist media has been the engine of hysteria in the so called corona crisis. They propagandise for the NHS & against Govt. They don't give us the history of epidemics, the facts that MANY have been worse. They have pushed govt. into catastrophic action.
. Honble Governor Dr (Smt) Tamilisai Soundrarajan is concerned about front line warriors directly involved in treating Corona patients and arranged 650 grocery bags to Gandhi Hospital sanitary workers, contract and outsourcing staff working as ward boys, lift boys attenders 
The one time its BEAUTIFUL on thunder over Louisville. bitch ass corona.
We ever gonna Normalize showing u care, and openly accepting when sum1 shows they do?? Cause ppl don’t realize the bullshit can be avoided if ppl ain’t make love more terrifying than catching Corona..  …
It’s weird that the countries who claim to have no new cases of #corona are the same countries who claim to have no gay people 
I was laid off my job cause of corona & found a talent I never knew I had please help me and retweet so I can get some more business! I make YouTube intros and logos I SEEN WHAT THIS APP CAN DO !! Please share ! Just $15 for a intro 5$logo with purchase of video! 
I’ve smoked that much weed this lockdown if I was to catch corona it wouldn’t even have a lung to cling on to
Yho im tired of this Corona virus crap! Im tired yho!
Im taking a year off my age because of corona virus
THIS WHY NH’s CAN’T CATCH CORONA WE GOT OUR OWN MEDICAL TEAM OF THE BEST IN THE WORLD LOL 
I took an edible last night that sent me into a corona free dimension and Bernie Sanders as a Centaur was president. He gave his SOTU on TikTok and his big platform was “No More Glue.”
"I got Corona in Daytona" is the next big Jimmy Buffett song
Israel is shutting down COVID-19 Clinics in PALESTINE and THEY ARRESTED THE STAFF. Palestinians don’t even have the RIGHT TO GET TESTED FOR CORONA DURING A PANDEMIC! I’m so tired of seeing my peoples BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS CONSTANTLY being violated.
This corona shit be the biggest cock blocker in the game right now. I just tested positive for no bitches.
Corona in Latin means Crown of Thorns-The Rays of the Sun Gods, Bill Cooper RIP  
Corona go away I’m ready play 
CORONA CON! Wow. Read the intro to DAMAGE, INC. from my  collection CUT TO CARE. Thanks to @kelli_owen . Pics from @Zera77 . Loved my panel with @marysangiovanni , @outfortune and @TexasCthulhu. @JoshMalerman — yep I met Jack Ketchum, and I’ll read to you every night. 
"I'm sure we know more about corona viruses than these doctors, right? We all watched E.R., we're really smart!" #FloridaMorons 
Indian media is targeting tabliki Jamat for spreading Corona but is silent on the huge congregations of Hindus. The are doing it to promote the agenda of hate of RSS and Indian PM Modi. RSS has a symbols which is look alike is Nazi Swastika. RSS are the Indian Nazis. 
Corona is no African disease. Bill & Melinda, western media and “Africa experts” must not make it African. African leaders exercised better leadership than counterparts in US and Europe. We all don’t have basics. Nobody must twist this narrative. To each Continet, it’s cross.
READ HERE it may save your LIFE FINALLY a USE for NANCY PELOSI Hand Washing tip for the CORONA VIRUS. 20 seconds NOT ENOUGH Please do not acquire OCD from this ADVICE nor puke, nor have nightmares. Careful of STD’s too 
Govt may have been pushed into the wrong action through fear of the media & (possibly) a deliberate attempt to manage perceptions by our enemies. Our own media still work against Govt. Our enemies are  advantage of the situation. There was a war on before corona.
Today would have been my little sister's wedding, but we had to postpone it due to the corona virus, and I'm having a really hard time. All those passed appetizers. All the warm white wine I would have chugged out of the bottle at like... 11pm.
Yes, St. Louis & @StLouisBlues fans! This is for YOU! During #corona #covid19 here in Netherlands at other side of the world, you & city always on my mind. Might not have #stlblues hockey now, but since gf left last year I now found it time to redecorate: put this on my 
Israel is shutting down COVID-19 Clinics in PALESTINE and THEY ARRESTED THE STAFF. Palestinians don’t even have the RIGHT TO GET TESTED FOR CORONA DURING A PANDEMIC! I’m so tired of seeing my peoples BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS CONSTANTLY being violated.
Hi, yeah, it’s my house: it was supposed to look like pink moons and cheer people up. I kinda misjudged what fuchsia balls of light might also look like Corona Lights on 4th St! - providence  …
"They see optimism as their defeat" Rush Limbaugh on the media and Corona. Every scam headline, every bogus story, every doomsday prediction is THIS. Like evil children playing with Daddy's gun, they don't realize what end the  out.
Remember this when churches are gathering, and the willfully ignorant choose adolescent-like defiance over responsible precaution: After 10 "generations" of transmission: Flu: 1 person is responsible for 14 people getting sick Corona: 1 person is responsible for 59,000 people  …
We now have confirmed cases  spread in Lagos. Community spread = nobody is safe = everybody is a suspected carrier of corona virus = you can get infected anywhere, anytime = trust yourself and your household alone = stay indoors if you don't want to die. #Covid_19
Thank You Sis @CharuPragya !! for sending these safety face shields to Team @BJYM of Jangpura. Proud of you! We have given them to our real corona warriors from #Nizamuddin Police Station who are working day & night during #Covid19 @poonam_mahajan @DCPSEastDelhi 
The importance of long term fundamental research! Their work on a #corona vaccine builds on years of research into a universal influenza vaccine. @guildeu @janpalmowski @HalSandberg  …
rappers whatever u do, dont say that ur flow is sick as corona, thanks  to my ted talk..
this is the only way you’re allowed to put out music related to the coronavirus. i don’t wanna hear anymore corona songs unless you’re praising essential workers  …
i feel like Quarantine life making me more sick than a corona patient.
Very weldone @dcislamabad . These supperman's must be banned to return back otherwise in other words they will spread corona. #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronavirusLockdown #COVID #Covid_19  …
#IfTonyStarkWereInCharge Corona would be cured 
Love how since corona we’ve all been back in the kitchen where we belong ladies
 Pluristem, demonstrates successful treatment of critical Corona patients using stem cells  …
The corona cash came in just in time 
Sometimes I wonder what happend to the "If I get corona, I get corona" guy? 
#Switzerland lit up #Matterhorn mountain in Tricolour to stand #Together_against_Corona. Pic Courtesy: @zermatt_tourism #IndiaFightsCorona 
Elon Musk Jeff Bezos and all who have set aside billions of dollars to colonise the Mars, should immediately divert their resources to de-colonise the Earth from Corona..
dying of corona to own the libs
Who’s going to be the first National Guard unit with rampant corona cases because the Army isn’t providing tests despite constant public exposure?
I told you! All Chinese should shop out! We can’t allow this to continue happening to our brothers! Why are we so evil ? We love money so much in the expense of our blood ? To a point where the PS KAMAU defend Chinese inhuman treatment of Kenyans ? No wonder God sent Corona!!  …
50 Years Ago, Sugar Industry Quietly Paid Scientists To Point Blame At Fat :  … Hope truth about Corona may  after many years
Imagine: A country that gives unemployed citizens grants. A country that provide foods to the homeless. A country that has no road accidents during easter. A country where crimes decreased. A country, so far with no corona death. Proud to call home. GOD BLESS NAMIBIA.
Power of two pathans Both are doing their best to protect people from corona Shahid Afridi is providing ration Imran khan is collecting covid fund 
Both my nan and grampy are in hospital with the corona virus and after a week of being alone, they are now being put into a double room together. Blessed & grateful that they can both fight this together!
Perk of corona birthday weekend: there are no laws anymore 
Corona is a Health Issue, it must not be politicised. Maulana Fazal Ur Rehman #MaulanaOnGeo 
I had to read this 3 times lol. 25km? 2hr 38min runs?? Unprovoked?! When corona is not chasing you wtf  …
Al-Khalifa's oppression of Bahrain's oppressed Shiites continues despite Corona's illness. Isn't it time to stop the oppression of this family? #اطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Mask off gonna be #1 on the billboards post corona
Drake: “Working on the weekends like usual” Corona Virus: 
Dr. Fauci’s organization funded the research program in Wuhan that were experimenting on the Corona-infected bats to begin with. Now he’s being elevated as some champion in the fight against the “invisible enemy” he helped create. Stop it. Fauci is for himself, and no one else.  …
Goodbye @Comey For you the game is over Thank you for playing Comey is the Corn To avoid FOIL requests DS used Corney instead of Comey in their documents Hence Rep Nunez reference to Corn ready to be cut #Qanon #Qanons #WWG1WGA #Coronavirus #corona 
After we overpower corona , how many years do u think it will take before we can greet , hug , kiss and touch again? 
Alhumdullah, after controlling corona Punjab starting random tests  people. #NBC 
Corona has done much. When you hear politicians take the homeless in and give them food; when politicians give water  which havent had for 26yrs; when you see the the technological boundaries it has pushed; when you see what it has done in building family relations
BSNL Female Warriors too fighting against this corona virus, so that BSNL can give uninterrupted services to the country,& people can work frm home, They all are mothers, wife,also handling both office & home bravely, they are fighters who never says NO. Salute you all 
Q: What can be worse than corona crisis? A: Mismanagement of the crisis!
Just in-case you didn't know!! COVID-19 stands for Corona Virus Disease 2019.
Coronavirus impacts on India and the international peace agenda with Prof. Ashok Swain - Corona Crisis: Once Upon a Pandemic  …
Police needs more support. Ploicemen are doing their duty even at the risk of getting contracted by #Corona #COVID. Hats off to such brave policemen. In India an Assistant Commissioner of Police died because of Covid while working as a #CovidWarrior
In no physical universe that we occupy is Abrams more qualified than a woman who has worked at local, state, fed levels, is the 2nd BW Sen in history, has lead multiple efforts re:corona & implemented CJR programs for a state of 40 mil. This conversation is over. Have a good one.
I don't understand any other thing he said apart from "Corona Virus" but from his expressions, We are in trouble. Jeez‍ #COVID19 #funkeakindelebello #kemitalks #Abba_kyari 
Corona bond proposal was a historic gamble Agree with @henrikenderlein that they risk diverting conversation into technocratic bargain. Even more serious is risk that they are simply defeated. Crucial question  week: WHAT IS MACRON'S NEXT MOVE?  
you’ll meet your 3rd @after this corona thing blows over
I prefer the Dutch vanilla ice cream, I have it specially flown in from Holland by taxpayer funded private jet, it’s the only way to avoid those nasty supply chain issues I caused by politicising the corona virus so much, it’s delicious  …
Grateful for @labornotes connecting progressive #1u colleagues today and revealing so many inspiring/necessary stories of members transforming their unions & fighting for justice in the time of corona. @nyguild members in the Zoom can stay in touch, DM for 
The Chinese are making Africans pay the price for the 2nd wave of Corona. Many Africans living in China have reported being evicted from their homes and also being refused access to supermarkets. It seems that its now a crime to be a black person living in China. 
Can we just go back to huge rally in Queens and just live in that day ... no corona.. no biden nomination
Al-Khalifa has forgot that real power remains still with the people, and today the people stand with Sheikh Qassim. Do not worsen the situation in Bahrain by threatening to kill prisoners with Corona. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
When Pres Zuma fired ineffective Ministers he was attacked left & right, people marched for him to fall. Hardly 3 yrs after he left SAA is no more. SAA employees are losing their jobs in addition to those who are losing their jobs becoz of Corona virus.
Sources say, millions have died from the Corona Virus steamroller! 
32% of Americans think drinking Corona beer causes the virus! NO JOKE!!
Al-Khalifa’s latest attack against Bahrain’s most prominent religious figure, Sheikh Isa Qassim, ignited a fire which could soon consume the very seat of al-Khalifa’s monarchy. Don't light another fire by killing ideological prisoners by Corona. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Back the we fought against the crown (corona) and King George (Soros)... and our troops called the enemy the Devils. Spooky parallels  …
Turkey, Political prisoners were not among those who were released from prison by the amnesty law just prepared due to the corona virus. They are • Politician • Journalist • Author • Judge • Prosecutor ++ AymSoykırıma DurDemeli 
The baby has tested positive for COVID-19, though none of his family members show corona positive symptoms. #Kolkata #IndiaFightsCorona #CoronavirusCrisis  …
apparently a symptom of the corona virus is loss of taste...hope fans of cardi b and riverdale are doing okay
Was Abba Kyari born in 1952 or 1938? Is 67 his football or Corona age? Wikipedia said he is 81 years born 1938. But this is Nigeria, anything can happen.
Now this is the drama I'm here for. Take over by the head bitch in charge using Corona Virus as a tool in achieving sidelining goals. Let's go!!!  …
Can someone get their contact info And see how many end up diagnosed with Corona after this?
I wish corona would go away I mean I’d still be sitting and home doing nothing but still
It appears all Zanu PF  from Mnangagwa’s mouth. Anyone who speaks on anything says, “ as president ED says” from corona virus discussions to independence issues. Zvinonyadzisa! Very soon some will say as president says we should go to the loo
My mom just called me to ask me of my man I told her i don’t have man This woman told me i should bring man home after corona
Corona virus is going to bring tremendous change in thinking and perspectives of people for better. Things will not taken for granted. The arrogance of scientific and medical development will sober Down.Nature’s unpredictability will gain ground. Housewife respect will increase .
Quarantine Day ??: Engaged to the love of my life. In times of uncertainty I’ve never been more certain of anything in my life. The “official” engagement ring is still in the shop (Thanks Corona) and the balloons succumbed to the wind (Thanks Oklahoma) but I just couldn’t wait. 
Basaraj pateel my colleague police constable has written history in blood. Not in any other way but by donating blood to save a hapless women who direly needed it ..Today's corona warrior of the day upholds universal brotherhood.. The ideal that khaki sees no region or religion 
If you could end Corona by sacrificing a part of London, which part would you choose and why east??
Why doesn't Bahrain allow Shiite prisoners to be released from prisons in order to be safe from the corona virus? 
After corona were blessing drinks by using them as sanitizers before drinking.
Doctor invited onto the BBC to answer Corona Virus questions and respond to the Governments actions is a Labour Party candidate. Let me guess. Another indicator of the BBC's pro-Tory bias? 
11:11 May corona virus end soon
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO, MY DAD BEAT THE FUCKING CORONA VIRUS MAN!! GOD IS GOOD
B.C.E. and C.E. will now stand for Before Corona Era and Corona Era respectively
Have you ever wondered what can happen in Bahrain prisons when the shadow of Corona's disease covers the whole world? 
It’s ok to hate the PM. Not ok to use #corona as an excuse
Corona is lurking in the lives of 4,000 young men in the Al Khalifa prison. The cruelty of prison, torture and coercion aside, the danger of Corona worries their families.This freedom is their least human right. 
GOOD NEWS: Over 400 Corona patients recovered in India today - the most in a day so far. 135 recovered in Delhi 82 recovered in TN 57 recovered in MP 258 recovered on April 16 273 recovered on April 17 423* recovered on April 18 #FlattenTheCurve #CoronaUpdatesInIndia
Imran Khan: We will have corona virus peak in mid May. We want our hospital to be fully equipped till then. Jahil Jiyalas: Imran Khan wants corona to ruin Pakistan. Murad Ali Shah: We could not tackle corona virus. I beg u to stay at home Jahil Jiyalas: How cute! We stand with u
Seyed Yousef al-Muhafazah, deputy head of the Peace for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain, posted a message on his Twitter account announcing the closure of the Central Prison Prison clinic due to the outbreak of the corona virus. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
If there was ever a time to switch to all digital currency it’s right now I’m not trying to touch corona money
The killing of Bahraini prisoners by Corona by al-Khalifa, like their previous big mistake of harassing Sheikh Isa Qassem, will not be forgotten by the Bahraini. Release the prisoners. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Lozano, Raul, Corona All other answers are wrong  …
The art of ripping apart. An instant classic. #distinquished #gentle #Cuomo #Corona @ChristineParini @cgshort @vpijpers @JaapBoots @MarcodeBaar @DrDavidHabbel @sw6blues11 @Paul_Disco @JanDriessen @Paul_VanDerMeer  …
People of the world Justice seekers, United Nations governments, Do you know the situation of Bahraini prisoners in Corona? What do they want? #اطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Choose one struggle. Corona or Stupidity. 
Distributed  ( Rice, edibles, sanitizers, masks) to 14000 house holders of Wabagai AC and 40 migrant workers who are suffering due to #lockdown and outbreak of Corona Virus. Distribution programme started from the 5th April,2020. 
I saw Darren Sharper was trending and I thought maybe he got Corona, but nahhhh he’s still gettin bent over in prison. 
#Corona Rapid Test Kits Procurement from South Korea Dubious deal emerged , caught Red Handed. Request to @narendramodi to act now ! Chhattisgarh Cabinet minister @TS_SinghDeo confirms ₹337 Per Kit , AP Government procured them ₹700 Per Kit AP has procured 1 lakh 
We decided all our training for the Glass City 1/2 Marathon shouldnt go to waste, so why not make our own “Corona Crawl” around our neighborhood instead! We missed the race environment, but I’d say the toilet paper Finish line from our favorite fans might have been the best! 13.1 
Corona virus don't let us down @justinbieber 
Today is not the time to sit down We must be the voice of the people who have been crushed in the corners of Bahrain's prisons to be killed by Corona! Shiites whose only reason for torture is their belief ... 
Since Twitter NG dragged Sydney talker for the Corona prank, man hasn’t dropped a single skit. He’s yet to recover from the dragging
My concern is the language surrounding "opening the state back up" signaling that corona is over.
Cancer Season making they debut and ending the Corona  …
They have been trying and failing to make a vaccine for Mers/Sars/Corona. Hotez to Congress, the vaccine is worse than the virus. It's a game for $dollars$will the cattle still submit stupidly to injections of bad medical products & now with tracking chips? IQ Test. No No & No
When something is dangerous for us, we try to stay away from it,we are in #Quarentine because of corona,and do health tips. In Bahrain prisoners have the right to be released in these situation.Any governmet has a duty. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Want to inspire your debates in your city around how we can rethink our streets post- #corona? Superblocks in Barcelona offer a new language on streets as public spaces: To rediscover your neighbourhood and neighbours! Video by 
India is the only country, that is fighting 2 epidemics at the same time. 1. Covid 19 .. bole to Corona Virus 2. Terrorism, cross border terrorism & sleepers cells terrorism. 
How painful. Bahrain's rulers are using from Corona to eliminate its predominantly Muslim opponents. Aren't Muslims human? 
Here is a new Corona Badge for all of you who are trying to master homeschooling (and it's totally fine to fail at it). 
He is Praveen. A cop with Delhi Police. He doesn’t only work day in and out in these testing times but also spends his entire salary to feed those who are facing difficulties in the wake of Corona Virus. Cheers to him! Be like Praveen! We need more like him! Good Night! 
Leftists media @Telegraph maliciously used photo of #RSS volunteers distributing food aid to #Corona locked people for a untouchability story in which a 'Single Source' Man refused to take food served by a underprivileged person..But why ? 
So true @SissyJade unfortunately it will go over their heads and they will find a way to spin it. They are hypocrites and when the corona dust has settled they will be back to telling women what to do.
The world can no longer tolerate the mass murder of innocent people under the pretext of #Covid_19 Release Bahraini prisoners in the Corona epidemic.U may pressure the people violently & manage to put down the uprising for a short time,but it won't die out. #اطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Due to the fact that Bahraini prisoners live in unsanitary conditions and lack of adequate services, Bahrain is not willing to release them. If Corona spreads in Bahrain prisons, oppressed people like Muslim political prisoners will die silently and unaware 
Dear PM @ImranKhanPTI please let the mosques open, and shut the hospitals for corona patients.
Modi is the only world leader still focused not on Corona but his bigotry. 
Do we want to eliminate corona only for our family and those around us? Now that all countries have released their prisoners, Do you know what a miserable situation the Muslim prisoners in Bahrain have been for many years? Is humanity dead? #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
i wonder how jabana boys feel now dat corona has swiped their entire identity
You know why the corona stats are shared daily? So that you can keep thinking about it and how deadly it is. If it were weekly, your mind would drop the fear for too long a stretch. So everyday you’re being told how many people have died. Death happens daily but this one is >>>  …
Companion birds are not for everyone and that's ok! You don't need to share your home with one to enjoy them. There are bird pics/videos online, you can volunteer at a rescue/sanctuary, hang with a friend who has a bird(s), and even support eco-tourism. (post-corona ) 
#RejectedNetflixShows The Office (Corona addition) 
Just lost my first friend due to corona. :( He's not dead, I just got tired of his conspiracy posts on FB and unfriended him
Businessmen have faced hurdles almost every year, Demonetization, GST & now Corona. Without going into the politics, each of these have created a cash flow crunch, a working capital nightmare for biz to stay afloat. Salute to every small bizman who has lived thru the last 4 years
I bet a lot of British people would like to have a Corona virus test but can't have one. It's alright for some. @patel4witham Border Force officers test 25 migrants for coronavirus  … via @MailOnline
 of corona battle in Nangarhar are doctors. No one can force them what to do even myself. People and doctors know that I strongly support them. Among 500 people approached to isolation center, only 45 of them tested so far. We use our resources responsibly.  …
This is not just a picture it's a gesture of humbleness, empity  of Assistant Commissioner KHAR BAJAUR Mr. Fazal Raheem. Everyone of the area will be equipped with all protective equipments to eradicate corona from BAJAUR. @PMRUKP 
Punishment for breaking lockdown across world: Saudi-1 cr Phillipines & S Africa- shoot at sight, Australia- 23 lacs India- people spit, stone & try to kill corona warriors. Who can save populace that wants to die on their own??
Never thought I’d see “pro corona groups” but 2020 is just...  …
Hon'ble Chief Minisrer Puniab talked to our corona warrior and motivated her  back on duty soon.  … @PunjabPoliceInd
Corona virus can survive on paper for 24 hours #JustSaying
Americans are going to shoot Corona to Death  …
"We should look to the future and make sure we've solving the forever war against all versions of corona ... That's really the goal." 
I've been a performing artist since childhood. Now in Corona there are so many awesome virtual collabs/ creative outlets w people I love & respect...and, I just don't want to. Music seems to have left me entirely. Don't want to play/hear it at all. Anyone else like this??
CORONA VIRUS MAY HAVE CANCELLED CONCERTS FOR THIS YEAR BUT WHICH ONE OF YALLS FAVES IS SITTING ONLINE WITH YOU DOING A VIRTUAL CONCERT?? R I G H T. MINE. MY FAV DOES THAT. @justinbieber #BieberVirtualConcert
Simple medication for corona virus, drink water and soap regularly and thank me later
Who has seen the video of one of the pallbearers at ABBA Kyari’s funeral disposing his white outfit on the floor in the streets without burning it or disinfecting it. Now if the guy has corona, a random person could pick it up and get the virus and pass it on. Nigerians!
2k removed the fans from the game LMAOO corona won
John Dumelo buy pressure give the Ayawaso woman nbs debt she  accrue after corona
Oh? His Corona was different? Or you guys had a meeting with Corona to pause? When I told people you guys don't care about their lives, they called us names. PEOPLE ARE SLEEPING HUNGRY JUST TO STAY AT HOME AND MINIMIZE THE SPREAD BUT YOU LOT CAN CONGREGATE AND RISK THEIR LIVES?!  …
Think about this: The same media who herd THEMSELVES closer together than pickles in a jar at a Trudeau corona virus "daily update". Are now spinning that it is to dangerous for a handful of MPs to keep Parliament functioning, while being 50+ feet away from each other? - Hmmm? 
My principle is very simple no one and no business should be worse of as a result of Corona. We (the government) have the luxury of achieving this down to incredibly low interest rates. In fact we can't afford not to do this otherwise the long term cost will be far greater!
Sad to see these visuals from Delhi. Corona brought to light India’s  inequality like nothing in recent past. India still has one of the largest no of billionaires. Previleged pride in the fact that it is the 2nd fastest growing economy. “Inequality” isn’t a topic anymore.  …
Islam mandates that the region where the infectious disease outbreak happens is quarantined with no one entering and leaving the area. This guidance was not followed by countries around the world in response to the Corona Virus Outbreak. #KhilafahControlsOutbreaks
Me lying to my boo that i got corona so i can cheat in peace 
And after removing the separate column of Markaz pozitive cases, Delhi Govt. has now also removed 'special operations' from daily corona bulletin I reiterate, it is only @saahilmenghani who has been asking for removal of separate columns of positive cases. Big Thanks to  …
Do you want to use unhealthy conditions and corona to kill ideological prisoners? If not, then why are you releasing other people but not them? #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين #Bahrain
O government of Bahrain, we warn you to release ideological, political and Shiite prisoners in your prisons because of the danger of Corona. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Corona is lurking in the lives of 4,000 young men in the Al Khalifa prison. The cruelty of the prison, the torture and the humiliation aside, the danger of Corona has worried their families. This freedom is their least human right #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين 
RT if you feel proud in the way India has shown solidarity to beat Corona
Breaking : Delhi reports 186 new cases of Corona Virus in last 24 hours . I. Total 1893 cases and 43 deaths #Covid_19 
With the financial support from @IPPLprimate , @ConservC in conjunction with the Congolese authorities have, not only rescued the infant chimpanzee, but also arrested the traffickers and to take care of its welfare, during this difficult time of the pandemic of Corona virus. 
#VERIFIED Delhi govt removes 'special operations' from its daily corona bulletin after 0 markaz related cases reported for 3 days. THANKS Delhi does its HIGHEST PER DAY TESTS. 3499 samples tested since yesterday, 186 +ve Total +ve- 1893. Of 1893, 207 RECOVERED, 43 died
We inform the people of the world that 4,000 political prisoners in Bahrain are at risk of death from the corona virus. The Bahraini government must prevent a humanitarian catastrophe in political prisons  …
Yo @RexChapman my shirt arrived and I love it, but my wife’s now calling charge on my corona beard and she doesn’t have the foggiest notion of what a charge is. 
Thackeray Sarkar ki Forgery. Corona Positive increase today 18 April. According BMC 389 (87 Kasturba Hospital Laboratory & 302 Private Laboratories) & According to Maharashtra Govt it's 183 @BJP4Maharashtra @BJP4India @Dev_Fadnavis 
BC now means Before Corona. You heard it here first.
See this Corona thing erh the whole Ghana the Ayawaso West people wey dey feel waa. John Dumelo dey share, then the MP too go carry things go share out of pressure Share na me nshare No be small "balance the equation" Dumelo then the MP dey do for there I for relocate 
Die from Corona or die from hunger... These are the two options given to the poor people today by our govt. #KhilafahControlsOutbreaks
If you feel you are in prison in corona pandemic. Think about Bahraini shiites prisoners in crowded cells, while corona can be  Don' stay silent and join us, shout to help them be released. Oppressors  to their knees. #COVIDー19 #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
ITs been a long time... been a long  2 year DELTA today...  the #Pain Ammunition spent? Munitions are finite Corona, Impeachment, Mueller probe... Patriots in control! Finally the stage is set! It’s GO time?  …
Here is a chart of the total confirmed Corona Virus cases across the world. There are no signs of it slowing down, meanwhile last week the media and government kept trying to convince people "the worst is over", and "we hit the top, down from here". The stats show otherwise. 
The conspiracy theories about Bill Gates and corona virus are mindbending. Dude and his wife Melinda and their org have saved millions from disease. He hasn’t made a penny off of it. If anything saving lives is his way of justifying having so much $$from Microsoft.
When all this is over, DJs will be like.. If y'all survived Corona virus make some noiiiiisee
Fiancee: babe no sex until our marriage Fiance: but it's just in 2 weeks na Fiancee: I know darling, you've waited for 5 years now, what's 2 weeks? Corona, NCDC, social distancing:  …
Bahrain Prisoners are exposed to the corona virus Release them. #اطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Bahraini leaders have blocked the release of prisoners And if that continues, there will be a worse crisis than Corona This is the culmination of oppression and injustice. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين 
Foos with under 200 followers be the ones threatening people’s lives, say corona is hoax, triggered by everything, are doctors, scientist, be calling your mom a hoe, like damn
Smriti Thakkar became the first #Plasma_Doner of Gujarat. Who has defeated Corona, donated blood to  …
can contact free delivery  a thing after corona ends because I hate that awkward exchange with the takeaway man at the door
So everyday we was getting updates on new corona cases all over the world on damn near every app, now it’s silence.
Another 888 dead - who is paying for #COVID funerals? 15,464 total dead from #Covid_19! Sign my petition to get the Govt to provide financial package for #Corona funerals 
She’s asking for Mahamrutyunjaj Jap or rudra jap on 20th April to fight corona. And she was our LS speaker BJP walas are full of such leaders who screw science every day. 
Out of total 14378 cases Tablighi Jamaat alone contributed 4291 cases(29.8%) directly. Sachin Tendulkar with just 19.24% contribution in India's score was called 'God Of Cricket', Similarly Tablighis for their contribution must be called 'God Of Corona'
The mirror of #COVID_19 further reflects the true identity of the oppressors; Quran says:"..wrongdoers are in obvious error" And what more erroneous than releasing smugglers while keeping the innocent imprisoned and in danger of the corona virus. 
If I go somewhere today as the ordinary citizen that I am, where there has been a case of corona virus, I’ll be isolated and quarantined for two weeks. What’s going to happen to the people at the late chief of staff’s burial.? Are they going to be allowed to endanger our lives?
Cancer seems to have disappeared during the corona virus  …
Couple caught having sex outside of Buckingham Palace? That’s some patriotic banging! #Corona #UK #HomeTime Watch the full third episode of Home Time now on my YouTube channel  … 
24. The number of corona related deaths will be announced daily but we don't know how many people are infected as they are only testing those who are almost dead to find out if that's what they will die of… the people who die of corona who aren’t counted won’t be counted
The number of prisoners in Bahrain prisons is too high, so it is not possible to prevent corona in prisons. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Doctor who treated multiple members of my family over the years and was very highly-regarded in North NJ just died of corona. Surreal 
May those who deprived me from seeing my beloved be hit with Corona. 
Corona is lurking in the lives of 4,000 young men in the Al Khalifa prison. The cruelty of prison, torture and coercion aside, the danger of Corona worries their families.This freedom is their least human right. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
How some people go chop slap from some people hand after corona!! 
So they released 4000 inmates from jail due to corona virus concerns but they're arresting people who aren't wearing masks in public and putting them in jail? Just wanted to make sure I got that right. #pandemiclogic
20 Now is the time for the bondage to end after the outbreak of the corona virus, and for prisoners and detainees to be freed from the tyranny of corrupt regimes. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Pl read what the Nobel laureate has to say about Corona Virus. Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV - Gilmore Health  …
Alone but together. Yemeni musicians in times of Corona and social distancing. 
What’s trash is not only avoiding covid 19 but getting hurt/sick in ANY other way. I’m pretty sure my hand has been broken right now for a week but I don’t want to risk catching Corona in a waiting room.
Do you think Corona Virus is one way THE LORD is using to shake the hearts of men?  …
Be puppet of USA KILL opponents in prison by Corona! Nobody tells you anything! Reality of Bahrain #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرین
#TablighiJamat 's Faisalabad Chief Maulana Suhaib Rumi dies of Corona Virus in Pakistan..Over 1,100 Members Infected. Yet, these people continue to defy lockdown and hold mass gatherings. When will they ever learn?  …
Many countries, such as Italy, Iraq and Iran, have released prisoners due to the spread of the #coronavirus in prisons, but there is still a risk of corona and the death of a large number of political prisoners in #Bahrain prisons. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Humanity matters when you fulfill wishes of Western countries. When you endanger a puppet government in #Bahrain, you destined to die by Corona in Prison #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرین
District Administration Central District Delhi under Ms Nidhi Srivastava, #IAS launched #corona mobile testing vans suitable for narrow lanes of Old Delhi. Kudos for innovation.  …
How trump is handling the corona crisis 
While more than two people have been banned from gathering in most parts of the world, Bahraini rulers are refusing to release imprisoned Shiites in Bahrain's unofficial prisons in order to eliminate their opponents naturally by controlling #Corona #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
Sub Se Pehle Sindh Government ke Iqdamat WellDone Sindh Government Drive Corona Test Ke bad ab Sindh Government ne Corona test Result Sirf 10 min main aaiga jis ka Tarja G/Sec Ppp Sindh @WaqarMehdiPPP1 se Kya gaya Tajarba Qamiyab WellDone Sindh Government. 
In the meantime, MoHFW is working with partners to establish an "Interfaith Corona Coalition" to engage  in action against COVID-19. Given the polarised situation that we find ourselves in I think such measures will save many lives.
United Nations put their head in their Arse!!! Nobody see or hear what's going on in prisons of Bahrain in this Corona days! #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرین
The Future of Work, post-Corona – KIN Center for Digital Innovation  …
Well I have actually started knitting my sister got me this idiots proof kit to start with ... and I am actually enjoying myself #Shuvonshuvoff #StayHomeSaveLives #corona #knitting #crafty 
Very sad to see that 10% of the global #Covid_19 death toll is in the #UK, the country which responded the latest and the slowest to the #Corona #pandemic. #GreatBritain is neither 10% of the world population, nor has it 10% of the global #coronavirus infections... 
Making baklava to speed my friend @Bainst06 corona recovery! Instructions follow, happy to make this in quarantine for her! <Thread> 
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos grows fortune by $24bn amid coronavirus pandemic - a 20% increase to $138bn. Mega billionaires like Bezos should be subject to a one-off wealth tax of 20-30% to pay for the corona crisis. He can afford it. He'll still have vast riches 
Who is the guarantor that Corona does not transfer prisoners through the food served to them in Bahrain's prisons ?! #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين
#VERIFIED India does its HIGHEST PER DAY TESTS; 35,494 samples tested till 9pm today. 2154 of these are positive Number of UNIQUE PEOPLE tested in India- 3,54,969 By Apr11, 1,64,773 PEOPLE were tested. That's a weekly of % Will keep getting #Corona stats
Good decision. India has changed its FDI Policy requiring any investment from a neighbouring country in India can be made only with Govt approval. This change is mainly to deter Chinese takeover of  at cheap valuations due to corona. See:  …
Now a days Our Army, Doctors, police and all volenteer forces are united against Corona virus. They are the real heroes of our nation. May Allah always show his blessing on them. 
A Manifesto for Post-Corona World Order (Part I): A New Paradigm for a New World  …
please find a vaccine for corona the boomers are putting riddles and math problems on facebook again
Modi ji, can we all wave or ghumao our jhadoo, broom, mop from our balcony for 5 minutes at 5 pm tomorrow, to show our respect to Rangoli. Maybe corona virus will leave our country in jealousy seeing the whole country respecting a bigger virus. #KangnaRanaut #IndiaFightsCorona
Why is this trending? #WhereIsBoris He literally just got out of hospital from a little thing called the corona virus
#coronaoutbreakindia Kejriwal : TV appearance after every 10 minutes(corona must be  Uddhav thackeray : Paid Bollywoodiyas to call him best CM(even shivsainiks must be laughing) Vijyan : Paid journalists to write articles about Kerala model(model is mystery)
#أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين Bahrain has the largest number of political prisoners among its population, with more than 4,000 at risk of corona. This means the genocide of the century 
Reasons why I wear my mask every time I step out. 1) The 6k fine you pay when you are caught without one 2) The 2k fine you pay if you have a mask but not putting it on. 3) Corona virus can kill me
WTF? LINDSEY GRAHAM SAYS HE WANTS BILL GATES IN CHARGE OF THE W.H.O Why would Senator Graham say this? Bill Gates has no scientific degrees and has had a hand in funding the Wuhan lab Corona Virus originated from. He would be an absolute disaster!  …
“If I get CORONA, I get Corona “!! 
guys. i’m negative now. i won. corona lost!!!!  …
Any corona virus infection resulting from Abba Kyari's burial today shoukd never be blamed on the @NCDCgov at all. It was out of their hands. Those who felt they own the Govttook charge This political class is crass, evil, foolish and have no inkling what leadership involves.
We've got two new products up for Corona Relief Done Quick! Pick up our new GDQ joggers or Arcade-Floor blanket—plus existing items, like Speedrun Science—and we'll donate to @DirectRelief during #CRDQ! Shop now:  
This is what I’ve been saying since! We do not have the same Corona Virus as other countries. Our capitalist corona virus has absolute respect for dignitaries and would not be caught dead at the funeral of an elder statesman. May we all receive wisdom.  …
Corona delivery
Today’s Observation ... Corona Virus Statistics .... .. none of the numbers predicted in the beginning are lining up ... not even close !! STATISTICS = Garbage in = Garbage Out !!! Remember the Statistic, Hillary will win by a landslide ? ... that’s why I hated statistics
#FloridaMorons People refused to be slaves and you’re calling them morons for it? You think a Corona Virus Quarantine is a good enough excuse to take away everyones  Democrats  MORONS
#WorldHeritageDayCelebrations In this tough time of Corona Virus Epidemic, a message from #QutbMinar is to - Stay Home, Stay 
President ISAIAS expresses officially #Eritrea shall continue lockdown to fight corona & development projects in all areas of the country
Is Pakistan also Islamophobic since it has categorically stated Tablighi as TAKLIFI JAMMAT? Babita Phogat has raised question over the kind of attitude of JAMMATIS towards Corona Warriors and not on Muslims. @Shehzad_Ind
HMU if y’all want a corona virus 
Gujaratis are not as much worried about corona spread as much as they are concerned about the unavailability of tobacco in public domain Priorities!
Hey Cuomo, you must be talking about influenza. Otherwise PROOVE it is not the 2019 Strain COVID-19 Or 2017 Strain of Corona Virus, discovered in those who ingested Adrenochrome How many influenza patients were admitted the same time April 19 in 2018 & 2019 
So if #NewYork is TESTING MORE for #Corona THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY/STATE, yet after 30 days of quarantine, 100s are STILL DYING, isn’t that EVIDENCE that the #LockDown IS NOT WORKING? #OpenTheEconomyNow
This is so overwhelming. @neeleshmisra ji recognising the amazing work done by @anahad_ngo , rooting for thousands of youngsters under @YAAC2020 fighting Corona in their own ways and giving me a shout out is so so encouraging and so powerful. Thank you नीलेश जी। 
Sindh’s health minister is Zardari’s sister... That’s nepotism,  The poor state of health care in Sindh - even before Corona - is a testament to this.  …
Corona eehhh nawa ooo Just spoiling things for us, brought lock down, took so many lives including "a whole ABBA KYARI Chaiii I can imagine. You know this feeling where a man has everything, but "No Life" RIP 
WATCH: [VIDEO] Trump says US will investigate the Wuhan lab and find out if Corona Virus is a “biological weapon” I hope we're ready to find out the answer.... What do you guys think?  …
If you are, like everyone else, anxiously awaiting a mass produced, affordable, vaccine for Corona, keep a close eye on the  out of  called Moderna Therapeutics. Their mRNA based vaccine could hold the key ....
@drharshvardhan I think whole Medical care is paralysed due to Corona threat. My Gurudev Dr S K Saxena was denied admission in emergency on 16th April night in a reputed Ghaziabad Hospital. He was taken to Govt hospital and passed away b4 any treatment could be given.
In a corona-free universe I’d already be in Belfast drinking in the sun before heading to bicep later tonight
Oo mummy please don’t go to that nasty hospital and get corona. Yeah right. Found out big style. Fully fledged Liebor activist. 
Karen Donfried and I on transatlantic relations in the Corona crisis: The Pandemic and the Toll of Transatlantic Discord  … via @ForeignAffairs
My 43 yr old cousin who has just recovered from corona after 3 weeks says, it was the worst kinda fever, pain, cough and chest congestion she has ever seen. She couldn’t even sit on bed for days. But recovered very fast. #CoronaVirusPakistan
The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, has sent a message of condolence to Pres. @MBuhari and the family of Late Mallam Abba Kyari, who passed away, Friday, after a battle with the Corona Virus. May his Soul rest in peace. 
2020, Day 109. Appx 1940 people have died by suicide in the UK this year, worldwide the death toll to suicide this year is appx 238,934. Corona virus is dominating the news, no doubt it will add to the suicide rates. Every life matters, every death matters. #Action4Suicide
Prime Minister had already taken action against the Corona virus before May 13. 
I wanna participate so much in todays trends but it's all bullshit, faulty gov't, shitty #ChineseInKenyaMustGo brainless Xtian Dela, reckless citizens who used a coffin as an excuse  from Nairobi to Homabay and carried corona on the passenger seat.
By consistently scooping the legacy media on Corona, Zerohedge is gradually turning those Twitter warnings about being “an untrustworthy site” into a certification of independence and credibility. (“If Twitter is taking the time to flag this, this must be the good stuff!”)
These PPE kits are what we require most at this time for protection of doctors, health workers & all those involved in taking care of #corona positive patients. #CoronaWarriors
In #Puducherry after 20th April, hotels and restaurants are allowed to open, but ONLY TAKEAWAYS are permitted. #Socialdistancing should be followed strictly while buying foods. #corona 
You know why my man is so pissed here? Because Corona Virus affects the rich & poor alike. Had it been something that only affects the poor, like starvation, malnutrition, HIV from quack doctors, typhoid or rabies it wouldn't be an issue. Only an issue when it knocks on your door 
In this piece in the East Africa I argue that the Corona Pandemic is a wake call for African countries to rethink their industrial policy  …
Just remember, the #FloridaMorons back on beaches looking to get a corona if they get a corona are there because our Trumped-up, Republican Governor who can't put a mask on his face re-opened those beaches.
DJs in 2020 gonna be like “make some noise if survived the corona virus”
Now that we know  et al works #Corona, I trust the #AU to revert to the 1 Summit per year system. Save the money from 2nd Summit to fund the Africa Health Strategy & other urgent priorities. We cant be perennially in state of disaster unpreparedness #LessonsLearnt.
Lockdown would be strictly implemented for 8 days in Pune city & Pimpri Chinchwad area due to their high number of positive corona cases & mortality rate. Police has been directed to take necessary measures to control the corona spread. All necessary help will be provided. 
*today if corona was gone* [me]: Hi, can I get 8 katy trail ice house summer beers and an order of cheese fries? [waitress]: Of course! Would you like all the toppings for the fries? [me]: No thanks, I’m on a diet! [waitress laughs hysterically and gives me her number]
if iu says it's Corona-19 then it's Corona-19 
Reviewed the measures and procedures undertaken by the concerned departments to tackle corona virus, in a meeting held with Senior Officers at Pune's Divisional Commissioner office today.
Thank you President Trump for keeping our borders safe and Closed.!!! We can’t afford to let any illegal Corona Zombies to get into our Country.
Dear Corona, Can you just give us senior week, plz??
Quick edit for today's piece of empowerment. We can win this war over Corona virus! We got the P O W E R Keep safe and and please stay at home as much as possible. #TogetherEXOPower #TogetherAtHome #EXO 
Police has verbally orders by Higher Authorities to pay salute to all doctors who are busy in corona duties. I salute both Doctors and police 
Lies! They are re classifying other death hablame Corona like heart disease like pneumonia like  flu are all being reclassified as Corona and you're going along with this scam.  …
having two parents with corona virus and a grandfather about to go on hospice feels like: everything is dirty. everything is fading. uncertainty is the most unintentional prioritized feeling. I don’t know how to pick up the pieces because I can’t touch them.
my mom read on facebook they about to implant chips in all of us and disguise it as corona vaccination and i‘m like where did you read that? on your mobile device which has gps on it and you take everywhere w you?
I might be looking all fine posting and connecting with friends but deep down i  shattered, destroyed and sorrow in my heart whenever I remember Ramadan is just few days away and mosques are closed....May Allah varnish this Corona
Mr. President Sir, we know you will defeat the Corona China Virus, and at the same time get NO THANKS from the DEMS. It's a messed up world, it's so cold, but when the hour is near, and the pages turn, miles from home we hear "it's time". WE WILL ANSWER YOUR CALL! MAGA AMEN
Today's Corona Updates of #Mumbai: Total suspected patients : 231 Total positive patients : 87 Total death : 4 Recovered : 42 Mumbai total cases stands at 2509.
I have this collection of Cartier and Armani cologne I rarely use. Every morning now I give myself a little shot to test my sense of smell to see if I have Corona.
Corona virus: #coronavirus I see that you are all preoccupied by the lockdown, remember there is a catastrophe hanging over your heads. Practice social distancing, wear face masks, and do hand washing. Do you want to end up ventilated, which does not guarantee that you 
Nobody realized that for Lebanon, Greece, Cyprus, & Marseilles, the real reason of the low rate of Corona infections/fatalities is the arak/ouzo/pastis. Experiments show you need to drink it during & before every meal for it to be effective. And try the purest you can find. 
Both Print & Electronic media are allowed to operate at the basic operational number of staff in these times of fighting corona virus.We wholeheartedly support the media and look to it for suggestions and objections.
They should arrest everyone that attended that Juma’ah Prayer in Kano including you. Even Allah won’t forgive you if Corona spreads in Kano. Rubbish  …
An infected doctor will be big vector of transmission of corona so govt should help doctors for safety of public #WeStandWithHealthWorkers #GHAONHUNGERSTRIKE
The brutal campaign against Muslims in India is considered more dangerous than (Corona) #India #Indian #Covid_19 #CoronaVirusUpdate
Here's my toughts on corona virus. 1. It's dangerous. We must save lives. 2. Practice social distancing. 3. Stay home. 4. Wear a face mask. 5. Communists lied and tried to cover up severity of the pandemic. 6. We must not let authoritarians use this crisis to grab power.
North korea after shooting corona virus patient in the head 
Looks like MP set to explode in India with 362 new cases of corona virus in one day! Same old corrupt CM, Shivraj Singh Chauhan back after a short hiatus does not have a single minister in place to tackle this crisis! How the greed for power can wreck the state & the country !
This is the real reason why he went into hiding. It was abject shame....he needed to milk some sympathy from the press, who sycophantically obliged, of course. Now I want proof that he had Corona.
Corona Fitness has a new addition… it *is* a gay gym, after all…  
Dear corona.. If u see my man saying "I can't live without u" to other girls then finish him
I keep seeing people spreading misinformation about Sweden, so it's time for fact check. Sweden has taken a liberal approach to the corona virus without shutdowns. How has that worked? It's time for a reality check. 291% increase in deaths last 2 weeks. Not working well.
While Indian media was celebrating that Pakistan wanted Indian Chloroquine & Pak media was busy denying, the Brazilian clinical trials have revealed that Chorloquine can kill Corona patients! Dystopian Novel!  …
After the daily corona virus briefing some one let the retards of fake news out to ask stupid questions . I do not understand why we are running out of PPE - world shortage retard ! Why do ethnic minorities catch corona virus on such a large scale - large gatherings
So much for a Country that claims to have 77 million tons of food grains in its godowns & crores of donation fr well meaning citizens in d PM Cares A/c When does d Gov propose to utilize all this for d poor & hungry...Aft starvation death nos overtake d Corona disaster???  …
Iran's Health ministry spox published a document, showing US not permitting South Korea to sell #Corona test kit to Iran  …
Taal Thok Ke LIVE: Jamaat के साथ Rohingya भी अब 'Corona बम'? | TTK LIVE  via @YouTube Those asking for link of my @ZeeNews debate with @aditi_tyagi where Tehseen ran away like Maulana Saad Already 88000 views @siddhinath
people will post on social media to take this corona thing seriously but then goes to parties and huge hangouts, makes sense
With regards to reports about the media, clarity on some unnecessary confusion is needed. Both Print & Electronic media are allowed to operate at the basic operational number of staff in these times of fighting corona virus.
liberal sweden , dazed and corona confused , why are most covid deaths in the migrant areas , 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY to ME! One full month #quarantined alone in a house with one cat and 47 house plants. Thank you everyone who helped me not crack, it takes a village. What was your favorite moment indoors the past month? #corona #soloquarantine #covid_19 #EatItVirus 
Ye #maulanaSaad chahta Kya hai now #rohingya  out !if he really and truly is a leader then why is he hiding .he has allowed #corona to spread to More than 4000 people @republicbharat with @naqvimukhtar @kpmaurya1 @majorgauravarya  
In fact I don't buy this story that this corona  from animals, they just invented this this disease, so 
In Kilimani, Nairobi the top Corona hot-spot in the Kenya, @NPSOfficial_KE officers raided a private entertainment outfit at Karue Court and 20 people were 
Corona days. It'll pass Hang tight And remember that mental health isn't less important 
Many thanks to Ms.Namita Gautam Managing Trustee Sleepwell Foundation & Hotel Le Meridien for this heartwarming contribution of sleeping kits so that people in shelter homes can sleep well! Solidarity of such distinguished citizens strengthens India’s fight against #Corona 
#pandemic in #prisons in #turkey: human rights lawyer eren keskin says that in several prisons, there are people with high fever and people who cough heavily and stay with 30-40 people in a cell. 'we are told to stick to social distancing but they don't have that right.' #corona  …
Both of you are animals. If una visit unaself .. una go get corona
Congregational Salah with social distancing. Juma prayer in Peshawar yesterday. Better to stay home though. #Corona #Covid_19 #COVID #Social_Distancing 
STDs were known as Firangi disease in India because firangs spread it in India. Same will happen with Corona and there's nothing T@bl!g! can do about it. Lol.
99 people have recovered 9 people are dead... (99)+9= 999 . The Antichrist triangle faces downward so all their writings are upside down . Now turn 999 upwards = 666 There, corona is the anti Christ Don’t say I didn’t tell you hm  …
The corona virus is announcing  of the tribulation. Announcing a time of greatest distress upon the earth. It is prudent to prepare the #GarmentofHeaven now
role of shampoo in corona 
#Ajazkhan is not guilty what he did was just to stop haters to call the whole  wrong in the name of corona which was spread by people #ReleaseAjazkhan 
Isn’t this sad How Democrats Take something like Protesting for your rights & find a way to blame @realDonaldTrump I am proud of these Patriots if corona virus would have happened during the Revolutionary war do you think the Patriots would have not fought for Their freedom ...  …
Summer  and passed The innocent can never last Wake me up, when corona ends
Why are we even going overseas during this Corona Virus when we have  talent within like these ladies... Which are just the top4, I can throw me. 
It is high time GOI exempt life saving Medicines , PPE Kits , gloves ,Masks , Ventilators ,Hand sanitisers and hospital furnitures from payment of GST. No one seems to be working seriously to demolish the #Corona chain. #GSTfreeCorona
Pakistan is probably doing highest number of tests /million population among third world countries .. despite minimum resources Pakistan is fighting corona with best possible capabilities .. IK managed to delay the loan payback by appealing  and the money
#WorldHeritageDayCelebrations In this tough time of Corona Virus Epidemic, a message from Red Fort is that we will win - हम जीतेंगे ! 
People - Wow Pandit Ji showering flowers on Corona Warriors who are spraying disinfectant at Vrindavan Temple Me - Finally ! UP's Fire Dept is catching up with Police Dept in terms of Modernization 
No one could have imagined 2020 going the way it has so far. We made plans and corona came. Makes you realize we are really not in control.
Did you recognize that he wearing corona-themed batik? with the ultrastructure of the covid-19 virus and the red ribbon symbol `kondoms 
For real? EU rebadges cohesion funds as corona crisis response but then allocates the funds according to old key -> HUNGARY with mild COVID-19 outbreak receives 5.6bn = 3.8% of GDP v. Italy 2.3bn = 0.1% Did @derspiegel miss something? Or this is as grotesque as it  …
#twitterfoodbank here’s the line in the food bank my family helps run (Potter’s Pantry in Bayville Nj) Amount of people have doubled from corona. Any donation helps $patriciabrostow 
Now a days Our Army, Doctors, police and all volenteer forces are united against Corona virus. They are the real heroes of our nation. May Allah always show his blessing on them. 
Thanks God, NRC postponed by a few more inches otherwise DrNadeemRehman must stand in line to prove his nationality & patriotism. #DrNadeemRahman, who & his team has made a corona testing kit for just Rs 500.And has given great relief to d nation in this crisis. We r proud of u. 
Good morning. Just got some dick. I’m no longer a lesbean. I’m disappointed in myself. Soaked the condom in sanitizer to prevent Corona. That’s the best I could do. 
Karnataka govt releasing lockdown in few districts from 20th. Ramdan starting from 23rd. Is Yeddi alright? #justsaying #COVID #Corona
For those without gardens, Emily has painted you some flowers in her abstract style X #Corona 
Sir your observatory news is correct today, United States is conducting a full-scale investigation into whether the novel corona virus escaped from a lab in Wuhan, China.  …
Is Article 14 Dead During #Corona War? Writes Senior Advocate  …
Since in Chandigarh corona outbreak is scattered and not confined to a specific pocket,area,village or cluster ,entire district has been declared as containment zone.
Kanchi Math, Pejawar Math, Adamar Math and several other Hindu institutions giving money to govt to fight Corona. Govt happily sharing it with heinous anti-hindus (SBI contract worth a few lakhs to an anti-hindu journalist). Sm "Indic" cheer leader item girls calling it "duty".
Have you seen and noticed that Nigerians are celebrating Corona Virus on its first strike on top government official?
Orban‘s corona autocracy hard at work.  …
During this time of global epidemic, Indian Youth Congress has demanded that GST should be removed from equipment which help us fight corona like masks, sanitizers, gloves, PPE kits, etc so that the public will get relief during purchase. #GSTFreeCorona
U.S. corona deaths exceed 35,000. I may be doing the math wrong but 35,000 is greater than 15, right?
Corona Warriors are doing timely LPG delivery to ensure that no one faces any issues amidst the COVID-19 crisis. 
Tableeghi Jamaat, known Al Qaeda recruiter. Is spreading Corona across globe. When Indian authorities caught this en masse bio terrorism, Pak. tried  it. While in Pakistan out of total official 7654 cases 1,353 are Tablighis See how Pakistanis treat them 
Fuck corona I want to meet your beautiful eyes again :(
China, while conspiring to replace America as the world economic leader, made a huge blunder by suppressing the "accidental" release of the latest Corona virus. The tragic deaths of Chinese citizens notwithstanding, an unparalleled world wide economic devastation is occurring.
Online conference " #IRAN- Ending lockdown at the peak of #Corona pandemic. Reasons – True dimensions – Threats to  with participation of European politicians, and some 1,000 of members of  in Germany and the UK  …
Netherlands - Total mortality in the Netherlands has risen sharply. 2,000 to 2,300 more deaths per week than we would expect for this time of year.  … #Corona #coronanederland 
Chhattisgarh has been meticulously planning its fight against Covid 19. We now are equipped with 5666 beds for Corona patients. With the hard work and dedication of our healthcare workers and the cooperation of the people. 
The Smith-Corona 10 day touch-typing course (1961). Play it at 45rpm for speed learning... 
psycho corona virus version. — Red Velvet (The ReVe Festival Infected) 
BiG breaking : 10 People tests positive for Corona Virus in Lady Hardinge 's Kalawati Saran Hospital. 2 Doctors and 6 other staff members of the hospital. A 10 month old baby and his father also tested positive #Covid_19 #COVID
@narendramodi Ji we request you to kindly keep safety products being used to fight Corona Virus outside the perview of GST. #GSTFreeCorona GST on Medicines : 12% PPE : 12% Sanitizers : 18% Masks : 5% Ventilators : 12% Govt must make GST zero on these items. We 
26 members of a single family found #COVID19 positive in Jahangirpuri area of Delhi in which include Husband, 2 wives, 12 daughters, 7 sons, parents & sisters of couples. Ghar ko Corona Dist hi ghoshit kardo bhai I think no need to say who they are  …
Donald trump is no more due to corona virus. 
If ever had a interview of corona His answers be like : Nam - corona Surname - virus Nickname - covid Umar - 19 Maa ka nam - China Current boyfriend - USA Ex - Italy, Iran, Spain Crush - India Leee interviewer's : 
Held video conference interaction with public activists from different districts across the UT of #JammuAndKashmir. Emphasized public cooperation vital to fight against #Corona. Appreciated coordination between administration and civil society. 
Indian Govt must boost & support domestic manufacturing to reduce dependency on China. Covid-19 is a big lesson for us. Centre & many State Govts importing PPEs & Test kits from the country that exported the Corona virus!! Inexplicable! Immediate actions required! @PMOIndia
Corona entering my body and seeing years of exposure to Ivomec, hydraulic oil, Diesel, burnt twine and Roundup. 
Corona virus oversight??!!! Does that mean their gonna slow down the reopening of our economy? Make it last till closer to November, in another partizan attempt to take our @realDonaldTrump. It'll backfire on them like ALLthe other things they've  …
I keep harping on it, but this isn’t just a trump issue. If we had  dem in office, these ppl would still feel this way, Bc alex Jones, or some televangelist like Kenneth Copeland (he claimed he healed a followers corona thru the TV screen) told them so.  …
Waiting for someone to interview Dr. Dre on how serious this corona thing is before I make any decisions.
Kavignar snehan sir predicts corona cases in tamilnadu to touch 100 cases every day in  few days. Debate in @ThanthiTV .
Had a cool ass collection ready to drop corona happened made a small one for now bunch of 1/4 1/10 shit
All  in Europe in an online virtual conference chanting : "The mullahs' #corona is the main reason of murdering Iranian ppl" #Iran #Iranregimechange 
It is a result of the work done by PM @NarendraModi ji in the last 6 years that today various schemes of the government are working as a weapon against Corona and hence, lockdown is being executed successfully.  …
Milkman came this morning! Brought fresh raw milk early! Very tasty, and delicious! Grocery store running low so local dairy offer daily delivery. Tfw corona virus just brought back milkmen. 
The novel corona virus is extra, and has "chaotic energy"
Delhi govt has  it’s Doctors,treating Corona infected patients,in a 5-Star Hotel. They got a huge round of applause,when the entered Hotel Lalit. 
Corona has ruined all plans of me doing this shit with my boys in summer and i hate it 
Though not yet tested on corona virus causing Covid 19, scientists have claimed negative ions can effectively deactivate all SARs viruses including corona.2/2 
When there were political differences on the corona virus, people everywhere At that time, Chief Engineer of Pakistan Sunni Tehreek and Ahleaunat khidmat Foundation, Muhammad Sarwat Ijaz Qadri was distributing rations on his shoulder. @SarwatEjaz 
Happy Saturday fuckers! So to get out of cleaning his room, my son (9) looks at me and says, "Dad, I think I have the Corona". I look at him, smile and say, "those bumps all over you is poison ivy dumb dumb, not Corona, now get to cleaning". The nerve. Have a great Saturday!
Bihar: Recovery rate of Corona patients is over 50% which exceeds the national average of 13.62%. 42 positive cases cured from Corona infection. Number of positive cases recorded from different parts of the state is 85. 
NEVER FORGET When the whole country was praising and applauding Doctors for their contribution in fighting Corona, @ArvindKejriwal MLA was forcing a doctor  suiciide.
Active corona cases now 12 .Pray it decreases.
I've just cured Corona 
#Tiruppur #Corona #Update As of 18.4.20, 8pm Total people under House #Quarantine-848 94 people are out of quarantine today and 86 people added. 28 NEW CASES. Total positive cases 108 ( including 1 discharged )All positive cases are stable.
I can’t wait to see you after corona I miss you I just finished eating Just in bed the whole day This thing should end er About to watch a movie on Netflix Chale e bunch  …
Everyone is terrified of the "Corona" So be courageous and encouraging What does "karuna" mean to us? Sahara is us 
Saves us from "Corona" Be sure to tell us this You are the ones who suffer in "Corona" Healing with grace 
Modi government is taking 12% to 18% GST on various drugs and sanitizers which are essential in fight against Corona virus. IYC demands to take back GST from all essentials. #GSTFreeCorona
I salute to corona warrior I hate to corona carrier 
Uddhav Thackeray is best CM of India. How he is handling Corona situation is remarkable. #MyFirstPaidTweet
#coronavirusinpakistan Pray for Dr. Raza.. He was saving lives of corona patients n he himself got infected... May Allah give  recover.. aameen 
Breaking: Corona postponed till after elections.
I have no jobs because of Corona and I didn't know who was to blame.But what's the truth?Why this picture said there were 63 American residents got COVID-19 since July11,2019! 
A definitive study on infectiousness of Corona virus done by @hkumed has been published in Lancet. Shows us why the virus may have been less lethal in India. @RichaChadha @iamrana @DocVatsa @SushantSin  
we only know bieber fever, corona who?? #BieberVirtualConcert
Splash corona graphics T-shirt  … Splash corona chiffon top  
The Truth of Coronavirus is Coming!More and more evidences have shown that EVALI infection has been generated since the corona inspection in the US,and someone with EVALI has been misdiagnosed as flu or corona! #TruthAboutCorona
I’m just gonna go out on a limb here and assume that any  out right now with the words Quarantine, Isolation, Corona, Rona, etc. are CORNY AS FUCK. 
my mum was watching news ani she goes “ya her 19 years old manche corona bata recover bhairako cha timi chai suterai basa” ??whaaat
#TruthAboutCorona How do you think about the connection between EVALI with corona?How much EVALI infection has been generated since the corona inspection? Has anyone with EVALI been misdiagnosed as flu or corona? 
With excellent social distancing, this local hardware, pet-food & plant store has defied a council order to close for corona. Lovely to see so many people buying these essential supplies. The mental health of this nation matters. I support #plantsgalore 
Normal people aren’t allowed to see the bodies of their loved ones that die of Corona Virus but our beloved politicians are a generation of golden eggs that can do and undo
Them: loss of taste is an early warning sign! Me, in my oversized 3 wolf moon tshirt and Halloween leggings, married to a 45yr old who still has a tongue ring: oh fuck, the corona was inside me all along
Not true. I know 2 people who died not of corona and the death cert was changed to covid. They are fudging the numbers.
Only 20 of a planned 580 moderate to intensive corona care beds in North and East Syria are currently ready for patients, though 100 more should be ready within a week to meet the needs of 4,000,000 civilians. Many will be located in repurposed sports centers and wedding halls). 
Long Tailed Macaques and fruitbats are sold openly today at the wildlife market in Medan, North Sumatra. The market continues to operate as usual amid the corona virus outbreak. Please sign and share the petition to close the wildlife markets:  
Entire AAP Family is out there to help the needy & fight this war against Corona. 
Who knows? Maybe Corona virus doesn't attend funerals, only parties
Visited the Corona Care Centre at @IIMShillong to oversee the arrangements at the centre. 
East African countries like Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Somalia are currently experiencing the second wave of the World largest locust outbreak Voracious insect 20 times the size of the first one, eating up their crops and taking over the streets. Corona + Locust Outbreak 
The Four post corona - AAPL stock remains in a trading range of +/– 20%, as it’s fully valued (unless they announce a recurring revenue bundle) - GOOG/FB dupololy 61% - FB debts to  due - AMZN fastest-growing  
Corona ending soon, Thank you @myogiadityanath ji for showering sanitizer using drones in 
30,700 #Iranians have died from #Covid_19 in Iran They aren’t suffering only from #coronavirus corona but the mullahs which is worst than the decease. As the leader of Iranian resistance stated, the tick tock of uprising and overthrow is now. #FreeIran2020
Every crisis presents its unique opportunities too! So what opportunities and avenues have been thrown open by Corona? How can Pakistan capitalise on the opportunities thrown by Corona Pandemic? Interesting! Informative!  …
Elephants and lions roaming in our area. Last night farmers managed to shoot 2 elephants and we managed to chase a head of more than 15 elephants while lions still hiding in the bush. Wildlife animals taking a space during corona lockdown. 
LET ME BE MORE CLEAR DJT JR ~ "If you like CORONA in your country, you'll love Huawei in your home" COVID 19 = 5G DEPLETING oxygen molecules Hydroxychloroquine, RESTORES oxygen Oxygen molecules are DYNAMOS. WE know about magnetisms TRUE TORUS geometry in nature Micro/macro  
#Maharashtra corona positive cases rise to 3648. 328 new cases reported today.
International online conference from 1000 different locations all over the world concerning the corona crisis & human rights violations in #Iran #COVID19 . Experts will give the latest insights. #MEK  …
With his shows cancelled due to the Lockdown, magician Raj Kumar is playing "Corona Warrior" by displaying his tricks at several shelter homes in Delhi.  …
Delhi will defeat Corona. #DelhiFightsCovid 
If you survived this corona in 2015/2016 You gonna survive that corona in 2019/2020 That’s the rules 
Awwww this would be the perfect day to watch the ponies get abused and injured fuck corona honestly
I’m just gonna say it. It’s time to open the gyms & stop this unconstitutional martial law BS. The gym helps you build immunity. Less than 5% of deaths are people younger than age 45. Find me a smoke with Corona & I’ll make out with her now. I’m not soft. I’M ROCK HARD. #COVID
Members of the public are reminded that its dangerous to buy drugs from the markets or pharmacy shops, particularly during this time of Corona virus. We are advising you to seek medical assistance if you feel unwell. #KomeshaCorona update.
The number of corona infected people increases day by day. Meanwhile, the #curfew  more difficult for many to cope with. Federal President #Steinmeier has thus addressed the German citizens with an emphatic TV speech. #QuoteOfTheDay #Germany 
Tennis during corona! 
The next 10-15 days are very crucial in the fight against corona virus, I request everybody to stay alert and cautious.Please keep helping those who are in distress, we should make sure that panic doesn't spread among the people who are finding it hard to making ends meet. 
Heard this beat online, felt a vibe and wrote a song to it, kindly forgive my scruffy look . or ? P.S. I was clearing my throat to sing no corona fears . 
Security cover of Rs 10 Lakh has been extended to all employees of @IndiaPostOffice and Grameen Dak Sewak (GDS)- the frontline #CoronaWarriors in country’s fight against #COVID19, if they succumb to death due to Corona Virus. #IndiaFightsCorona
Spitters Stone pelters Corona spreaders All are they humans ?? My money is not for these inhumane #मेरा_पैसा_मेरी_मर्जी
2. She says BJP is to be blamed for Corona crisis in MP But 1st case in Indore (which now has 62% of MP’s cases) was reported b4 BJP formed govt (meaning damage was already done) Also, why Muslim areas (where health workers were attacked) are major hotspots & most patients Ms?  …
Jared Kushner is responsible for 1.peace in Middle East 2. opioid crisis 3. diplomacy with Mexico/China 4. care for veterans. 5. the criminal justice system 6. reinventing government 7. Corona viruses 9. ventalators 10. PPE Qualifications: screwing the boss’s daughter
News Today: 9 pm: lockdown ‘Kota’ for some; not for others? Pilgrims get luxury buses, what about migrants? A diagnostic corona testing kit being made by scientists in Kerala; and Indian Ocean live with corona music.. News without the noise.. @IndiaToday tv
As of now Udupi is corona free now ....3rd case of covid 19 positive case is discharged today at 2.55pm #covid_19
KY has 2522 cases of Corona virus and 137 deaths out of 4.4 million people, yet the clown they call Governor says he won't reopen the state until late May or late June? He is having way too much fun every day teaching Kentuckians sign language and basking in his own self glory!!!
Also note that back then they were fighting against the crown (corona) and the King was King George (Soros)... So many parallels to today.
On three of the past four days, the number of people to die from the corona virus in USA has hit a new record high. Yesterday's number was 2,535. That's a rate of 84,500 Americans per month. Things are NOT getting better - not yet anyway. Optimism is fine; denial is not.
I’m making less money each week as an essential worker than people collecting an unemployment check/corona bonus. Fucking pissed
We've just released a call for zine submissions that we're really excited about! Our zine is titled, "Liberation in the Age of Corona: #Muslim Reflections on Borders, Bans, & Justice. You can find more details & submission info at  …. Pls spread the 
All our MLAs are on the ground, personally ensuring effective sanitization is being done on the streets. Sanitisation on, Corona gone. 
Based on the last week, being on-call for stroke thrombectomies etc, I feel a lot of patients with corona are having strokes. Is this causal? Or just representative of a covid-vulnerable population/or does everyone just have corona? Or is this just a bad week
hhhhh all of my animal crossing merch is totally sold out. restocking is going to be a little slow and staggered but i'll post updates as it happens. shipping times will be long when i do because of the number of orders and the whole corona situation. i'll try my best thanks guys
President @M_Farmaajo launches today Bahnano program to support low  families, 1.3m citizens will be benefited the first initial,  on at a crucial time. Covid19 impacted the livelihood of  and this will make sense in the fight against Corona. 
Catching the corona virus is nobody's fault!!! But risking yourself to catch it is "a hallmark of American" STUPIDITY!!!  …
Third day after corona is over , and there are no more fears and the world is back on its feet Me: 
The only way to contain corona is through excessive testing. With 1060 test per millions Delhi tops the list of Covid-19 test. #DelhiFightsCovid
A Manifesto for Post-Corona World Order (Part I): A New Paradigm for a New World  … via @eOrganiser
corona isn’t Trump’s fault, ebola wasn’t Obama’s, sars wasn’t Bush’s, and only a handful of herpes was Clinton’s
Women are saying men are eating everything in the fridge including the baby's food in this Corona lockdown. Men must regulate their stomachs. This is very shameful.
Ghana is really good in recording Corona Virus cases, cos today we go record ,tomorrow no cases record , after that the following day boom ......
CORONA CITIZEN WARRIOR TAJINDER PAL BAGGA speaks to PRADEEP BHANDARI  …
corona virus was manufactured to distract us from things like this 
Manipur: Second #COVID19 patient who is undergoing treatment at RIMS, Imphal reported negative of Novel Corona Virus disease. Now Manipur has ZERO positive case of COVID-19 as on date as two cases of Manipur reported negative. 
More than 50 Professors from the Universities of Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa and Bengal had a brainstorming session with Shri @rammadhavbjp ji on the Corona crisis and Its challenges. The discussion took place on Zoom live. 
Found it a good fun, especially during Corona crisis. So here I am at #MeAt20 
My money is not for Corona spreaders #मेरा_पैसा_मेरी_मर्जी
JUST IN Police, Civil Defense Volunteer, Teachers or any Support Staff across Delhi who are involved in Corona support and loses life from #Covid19 will also be eligible for 1  from Delhi Govt Earlier Medical Staff, Nurses, Doctors were also eligible.
Its the corona time.. Coronaa 
CM @ArvindKejriwal announces Rs 1  each for families of all officials & employees - Medical staff, Police, Personnel, Teachers, Civil Defence Volunteers, Sanitation workers etc who die while serving Corona Patients. 
If wealth could be measured  and kindness, tribal villagers of Dangapal village in Odisha would have been one of the wealthiest. Not to be left behind in strengthening India’s fight against corona, every household of this village has contributed to #PMCARES 
Don't know who needs to read this but please stop checking Corona news every hour
Shocked to hear about Killings of CRPF Javan’s in Sopore today. While whole world is under the threat of corona virus. The so called senseless Militants are brutally Kiling the same Javan’s who are helping the people in need in these times. Salute to the Fallen.
Tasmac is more dangerous than corona virus.. Because of Tasmac crime against children & women have increased.. Due to Tasmac rape, dacoity, public nuisance are taking place in Tamilar nadu...Will the Govt act against it? 
My column from a few weeks ago about Elmhurst/Corona (yes that’s the name) area of Queens. It’s unlikely COVID just suddenly appeared in March—more likely it was present for several weeks before testing began:  …
Anyways My Morning Has Been Made Look At My Babyyyy!!! “Essential Workers Hustle Harder”. get Yours NOW On  Shipping Is Free When You Enter Promo Code “CORONA” 
(3) a massive elderly population of Trump supporters. They will get what they deserve and crave: Corona triggered rapture. Arrogant stupidity is as dangerous as the virus. My heart aches for the innocents victims only. #FloridaMorons #lockdown 
AAP Delhi Government in this critical Corona Virus Lockdown phase has provided ration to 71 lakh people of Delhi with an average of 7.5 kg ratio to each family. Every state should provide ration to needy people. 
Splash corona face mask you can order here  
With proper planning @ArvindKejriwal is fighting at different fronts to defeat corona . 
We lost ACP Anil Kohli to Corona today in Ludhiana and his family is struggling in the hospital. Such are the martyrs in these difficult times. Let’s pray for his family! Jai Hind!
Because I'm sick of tweeting about Corona and you have to be sick of me tweeting about Corona, here's some concept art from GOW OF WAR 3's design when I was considering directing it (for about 2-3 weeks before I decided to leave Sony and start up EAT SLEEP PLAY w/Scott). 
There's no point in asking any more questions.This software has already been set. And it'll never change.There's more chances of someone finding a cure for Corona virus than for this Hindutva virus.  …
Surat has all my heart and soul. Will work day and night to fight against corona. I salute your dedicated service too,  towards serving the mother nation is laudable doctor.  …
i HAVE GOT A LIST FROM A SOURCE Howrah District has 7 #CORONA DEATH but is the State acknowledging these 7 deaths ? 
Last Saturday the UK Corona death toll was 9,875. Today it is 15,464. At this rate in a week's time there will be 20,000 dead - which CSO Patrick Vallance said "would be a good  We still have 3 wks min of lockdown to go + other phases of the virus. We are being failed.
Sir, it is duty of Islamic leaders & of those journalists, who always do advocacy of these people's wrong doings. They have  out clear & loud to convince this nation of sheep that Hindus are not your enemy. Corona is your enemy, who does not see faith before attacking.
Many get effected from Lockdown due to corona. @ArvindKejriwal uñderstand and systematically helps them . 
Salute to Corona Warriors 
Bahrain, like other countries in the Middle East, has released prisoners at risk due to the outbreak of corona, but the convicts were not among the 1,500 prisoners released. They are deceiving the world. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين #ThePromisedSaviour
All our MLAs are on the ground, personally ensuring effective sanitization is being done on the streets. Sanitisation on, Corona gone. 
Corona = 5G depleting oxygen molecules. Hydroxychloroquine, RESTORES that oxygen. We KNOW oxygen molecules are dynamos. WE know about magnetisms TRUE torodial nature & geometry! Micro/macro 
February 3rd, 2020. The day Boris Johnson officially put the wellbeing of the UK economy above the lives of British citizens during the corona pandemic. Listen to it here  …
"Women Peace and Security in the Time of Corona" Centre Director @sanambna calls our attention to the gendered impacts, the realities of women living this pandemic & the relevance of the #WPS agenda now more than ever in our latest blog:  @whatthewomensay
Doctors from whom I would accept Corona advice before Drs. Phil or Oz: Dre Johnny Fever Emmett Brown Doolittle Rosen/Rosenrosen J Quinn, Medicine Woman Noah Drake Doogie Howser Pepper Kelly Brackett Vinnie Boombatz Love (KISS song) Feelgood (Mötley Crüe) Nick Riviera Zhivago
When the clubs open back up u will just hear the DJ now saying, "if y'all survived the corona virus make some mf'n noise
It’s time we began to give more to those who really need it, let’s start with Corona 0.7  …
In Tamil Nadu 86% of the Corona Positive Patients are from those who attended Tablighi Jamath Conference or their contacts. If they had extended more cooperation to the Government, the affected numbers would have been much lesser than now. @CMOTamilNadu @Vijayabaskarofl
Final Rites Of ACP Anil Kohli Being Done In Ludhiana Today, He Was Working Day And Night To Protect People Of Ludhiana From Corona Virus, But Unfortunately He Himself Got Infected And Breathed His Last Today. Plz Dont Increase Work Pressure On Corona Warriors And Stay At Home. 
My mother recovered from corona. Thank God.
Eid ke shopping nhi kr saken gain wot is this behavior corona?
Bro i got pulled over last night w an expired tag, No license, and no insurance.. Corona I know I was rude before...but thanks
In addition to firing the pandemic response team, let’s not forget Trump’s rollback of regs put into place by the Obama admin for nursing homes, which are a hot spot for corona.  …
CM @ArvindKejriwal announces Rs 1  each for families of all officials & employees - Medical staff, Police, Personnel, Teachers, Civil Defence Volunteers, Sanitation workers etc who die while serving Corona Patients. 
Corona has made us bald and grow a mustache 
#Switzerland This is how Switzerland Honoured INDIA .. India is emerging as "VishwaGuru" again .. India is supplying Hydroxychloroquin to more Than 50 countries to Fight Against Corona Virus CoViD-19.. Jai Shree Ram #WorldThankingIndia #ThankyouIndia #Hydroxychloroquine 
Popular Front cadres performing last rites of the deceased of COVID - 19 at Pune #COVID #Corona 
The Corona Simulation Machine: Why the Inventor of The “Corona Test” Would Have Warned Us Not To Use It To Detect A Virus! #COVID19 #BillGates #Fauci #BillAndMelindaGatesFoundation #CoronaVirus  
Corona just got serious for Mike 
Remember folks. The Media is using these same models to count the Corona Virus deaths. NEVER TRUST NUMBER FROM THE MEDIA!!! 
This Afternoon : I spent around 45 minutes reading various articles in the West on Corona cover. Since last 3 days, what I see is a sudden focus on Islamophobia and  blackout of attacks on doctors, policemen in the ghettos by u-know-who's. Pattern is same.
Putin is probably out wrestling bears and trying to fight corona with his bare hands. Trump is calling out the Chinese for their fuck up at every opportunity. Boris is at home baking Victoria sponge cakes.
Corona will leave only When the  out - CBN #CBNWithGlobalTelugus
What an amazing gesture by #Switzerland. ‘The Indian Tricolour’ on the Matterhorn Mountain, Zermatt. Loved this gesture of Switzerland to express solidarity with all Indians in this battle with Corona Pandemic. 
Press Release New Delhi 18 April 2020 Facilitate safe return of stranded NRIs across the world: Popular Front #COVID #Corona 
To all corona virus helpers, Thank you. We appreciate your hardworking, keep it up while our prayers are with you as well as your patients.
Smh I wished this on my ex... and I just got the call that I’ve tested positive for the Corona virus KARMA IS A BITCH  …
. @narendramodi govt is free from any bias. PM Modi has been tirelessly working to save Indians from Corona crisis but useless idiots, like Arundhati Roy ,who are trying to  poison in public discourse.People know gutter intellectuals and their intentions!  …
49 new Corona positive cases reported today in TN. Total number of positive cases in Tamil Nadu stands at 1372. #StayHomeStaySafe #CoronavirusLockdown
Are You An Innovator With A Tangible Solution Towards Corona Virus? Good News! The Botswana Innovation Fund (BIF) 3rd Call For Proposals for Solutions Addressing the COVID-19 Pandemic Challenges in Botswana is NOW OPEN! ... 
Saluting Medical fraternity at the forefront to #FightCovid19 - the backbone of this fight beating pandemic. From screening clinics to testing labs, Watch spl edition of Corona Warriors DD EXCLUSIVE CORONA WARRIORS ON @DDNewslive & @DDIndialive VIDEO:  
Inspired by @Colmogorman I made homemade paneer last night (ridiculously easy) and chucked it into a chard and broccoli saag-type thing today. Very satisfying corona cooking. 
See how Corona Panic & lockdown are helping acclimatize the public to the new Human Batteries constantly connected to the Internet (of things) ??? See my prev tweets about Microsoft's patent to convert human brain activity into energy .. you will be "paid" for your body heat.  …
My mental state during this corona period. 
Kijana, who we presented audio from last week, had a couple dozen guards w no PPE raid & search his cell "checking people for corona virus" at CMF. Ridiculous. Send some medical professional, why don't ya, not a clown car full of screws  & go into prison & have no masks. 
#TN #Corona #COVID19 stats today New cases today - 49 Today recovered - 82 Total confirmed cases - 1372 Total recovered - 365 #TNFightsCorona
At Bharatgas Roorkee Plant regular announcements and recorded audio is being done for prevention of Corona Virus and to create awareness @singharunbpcl @PeethambarantT @time3027 
Nigerians Know Your Virus: 1- Hunger. 2- Politicians. 3- Pastor. 4- Malaria. 5- Corona.
Saw this in a local church ... Dear god! Thank you for CORONA! Our earh can breathe again Airplanes are on the ground.. earth can recover blablabla yadayada.. 
I still don't understand the usefulness of the crowd at Abba Kyari's burial. I hope they know that they rendered the nation's defence mechanism less effective against the claws of corona virus pandemic with their reckless action.
CM @ArvindKejriwal announced  of Rs 1 crore for the families of all kind of employees (medical staff,police personnel,teachers,civil defence volunteers,sanitation workers etc) who die from Corona Virus while serving patients infected with Corona. 
To Moon Call fansign : at the end of Hwanwoong’s conversation : Can you call me noona ? ( excuse the cringe) : Ok i will stay safe from Corona anyways i hope you stay safe sweetie
Cabinet approves Rs 3,941 crore for #NPR, Rs 8,754 crore for #Census2021 But For #Corona, @narendramodi is asking public for Donate Jewellary. #PMCARES @LambaAlka @#MeetingForCabinetinMP 
Someone said "This SS3 class of 2020 are so special that they came into jss1 with Ebola virus and leaving ss3 with Corona virus".
There are other people too who are looking after Corona patients-Police, Civil Defence volunteers, teachers. If anyone contracts Corona&dies due to it, while looking after Corona patients, then it will be extended to all such people. Their families will be given Rs 1 Cr: Delhi CM  …
Why are they going against social distancing? Or did corona virus due with Abba Kyari. This man is not the only person who’s died of corona virus, we never saw or heard anything about the 16 others so far, why are these old men sharing this virus further? Are we a joke to them ? 
3. @PMOIndia, @drharshvardhan -if perchance I get down with #Corona, I would go straight to AlI India Institute of Ayurveda in Delhi & not any allopathic hospital. I plead with you to make @moayush integral part of health ministry. Please allow Ayurvedic hospitals to treat #Corona
Manchester united will never forget " SIR ALEX FERGUSON" Arsenal will never forget " ARSENE WENGER" Chelsea will never forget " JOSE MOURINHO" Liverpool will never forget " CORONA VIRUS". Facts only
Kenyans it is time to wake up and protect yourself CORONA VIRUS won't spare you if we won't follow the instructions you are told to stay at home but people are calling for a lockdown ITS not yet time to celebrate TAKE RESPONSIBILITY; CONFIRMED CASES today stands at 262
He went to Germany and laid his life for us, so that we may be immune to the Corona virus. A king I Stan
Are you following me on Instagram? Mostly a politics-free, corona-free, and even climate-change-free zone with just pictures and memories.  
Abba Kyari is dead & non of ur family member will probably b considered to replace him. Nobody in yur generation will probably achieve wht he achieved in life. Why are u jubilating when Corona virus is still out there? U, ur father, mother, wife, child etc may be the next victim
We all have to work together to defeat Corona  …
This Corona Shit Is Affecting So Much Important Shit & Messing Up How So Many People Operate On A Daily Basis, It’s So Fucked Up
What if Corona is rapture???? And those dying are the saint and the sinners are here doing Bop Daddy!!! NCDC | Funke Akindele | CEO of UBA | Abba Kyari
The Illinois governor is trying the same ploy. Blame corona virus for the the state’s bankrupt condition that has existed for years due to dem leadership and demand a full bailout from the federal government. What a scam!
Here is  data on the total #Corona "Containment Zones" across 34 districts in Tamil Nadu as of April 17. Compiled by T Ramakrishnan / The Hindu @Rama_Krishnan 
Whenever a new corona positive person is found in North Korea Kim Jong-un 
NO TICKET "“My personal opinion is that it should be closed" NEVER closed for Swine FLU, Sars FLU, ANY FLU! #DeepState why NOW for Corona FLU? @realDonaldTrump Add @Handle Follow ALL & @WatrDi  …
Air India opens domestic bookings from May 4, international from June 1 #Corona #CoronaUpdatesInIndia #India
The hospital also claimed that Muslims were - hold your breath - spreading the Corona virus and and were "prone to spitting", and other stereotypes. They were therefore not 
Please, if you live in Abuja, stay indoors for now because the covid-19 case is about to skyrocket in that region. There is no way people would leave that cemetery without corona virus souvenir. They broke all the rules during the burial of Late Abba Kyari
We all have to work together to defeat Corona  …
XI JIPING when #COVID19 Started in China.Many Chinese Citizens flied to Africa and we received them as friends. Now Corona Is in Africa China is stigmatizing us. You should know that Africa made China a rich and it can make it a poor country as well.Continue with discrimination. 
Just To Bring Back To Your TimeLine Before Corona ....When Everywhere Stewwwwwww 
Many Arab countries suffer from the corona virus. We give hope and strength to the people of the GCC countries and the many expats living there. #Zermatt 
15 of the 16 confirmed cases in the past 24hrs are from the general public. They have never traveled. #Covid_19 is now in the public spaces. Time to brace ourselves. Time to take seriously the directives. Corona is now near you #CoronaVirusUpdate
CS Kagwe: In the last 24 hours we have tested 1115 samples for covid-9, 16 have tested positive for the corona virus. We are now at 262 confirmed cases in total in Kenya. #coronaviruskenya
"Nutrition, hydration and physical activities are important in the fight against Corona virus"~ Mutahi Kagwe. As a food scientist, this should have been the first statement a month ago! Immunity first 16 more covid-19 cases to 262 in Kenya. Government mtupee food manze
This was 26 minutes after opening the beaches in Jacksonville. You get corona.. you get corona... ( all jokes aside) I’m actually dumb founded by this... SO MANY SELFISH PEOPLE OUT THERE. 
NCDC clearly stated that the bodies of Corona victims won’t be handed over to their families. Abba Kyari died, had a burial in which many people attended, no social distancing, wearing yeye masks, and some people had to carry the body out of the casket. Nigeria,you’re not ready
NEW: India is the only country in the world to impose taxes on Medical equipments like PPEs & Masks amidst Corona Pandemic. India charges 18% GST on PPEs & Masks.
Alain Soral : "If they continue confinement, we will have riots and not only in the suburbs!" @GiladAtzmon @IsraelShamir @UnzReview @Alexis_Cossette @CasaPoundItalia Alain Soral: the great Corona hustle, part 1 (ENG subs)  
Still the curfew in kashmir not becz of corona virus but becz of m0di virus Kashmiris r humans. Dont u think so? 
Andy cameron on corona virus 
Andhra Pradesh: A Corona awareness song in #Harikatha folk format to create awareness among villagers prepared by ROB,Visakhapatnam is presented by Miriyala Madhavi of Ravulapalem, East Godavari district. #IndiaFightsCorona #StayHome #Report: 
I have never, in 30 years at @comicrelief, known so many people offer to help. The line up is astonishing. Honestly, this show is going to a) cheer everyone up. and b) raise crucial funds for people most vulnerable to Corona. Thursday at 7pm. 
Break the chain ! Don’t let #Corona break the #TeamIndia huddle  …
Let's say it again: there is no longer a question that corona is enormously more wide spread than most people realize. The only question is how wide spread location to location  …
Upon my request,  has donated Rs 5 million to Corona Relief Fund. Have persuaded other energy  to follow suit. Will share details iA @PakPMO @energy_pb #COVID 
Corona messing up secured bags is the most trash part of this whole thing
Official Presidential address from Her Excellency Nya-uyu, The President of The Republic of Vilekeke on Covid-19. #zova #dcbrandcloud #keesasbeautyhouse #vilekeke #NyaUyu #Corona #presidentialaddress _____ All rights reserved, a 2020 Nyauyu production. Visit #fb for full 
The average lifespan for someone going into a care home is 18 months.....with or without the Corona virus. People are acting like its outrageous that old people are dying in care homes......they have done all along...very strange
Whenever I see the number of deaths from Corona Virus, I always have to pause and remind myself that those are 37,079 father's, mother's, son's, daughter's, uncle's, aunties, friends, colleagues at work....human beings who started this year never thinking it will end this way. 
Yuvi steps in to hit Corona "out of the park" Thank you @YUVSTRONG12 for your generous contribution. Corona के छक्के छुड़ा देंगे।  
Thanks guys.... 300 followers Done Party k liye ghar aa jao .... Bhandara Ready hai PS- It's for Poor people suffering due to Corona Lockdown 
Corona is taking a toll on just about everybody, whether it be health, financially or emotionally. It's a lot.
Took stock of wheat procuring arrangements at Anaj Mandi, Bhawanigarh, ensuring the grains are suitably stored & managed for supply. Happy to note that adequate arrangements have been made under the leadership of Hon'ble CM @Capt_Amarinder Ji even in these Corona-stricken times. 
After this corona p if you invite me for any hangout and  and see something like this I’ll scatter the place  …
On par with @LouDobbs polling How do you rate Donald Trump's response to the Corona virus? #CoronavirusLiar
She is speaking truth. Can't we express our frustration and anger on the people who are attacking Medical staff and Police ? Those who are spitting to spread Corona Virus are enemy to nation and society. They must be punished. #Shoot_Who_Attack_Doctors 
PPEs fabricated by SS Battalion, ITBP being used by workers at Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, Sec 3, Rohini, Delhi. The School has been designated as #Covid_19 night shelter and hunger centre. #CoronaFighters #CoronaWarriors #Corona 
#MeAndMyCorona post 37 Coughing. Try to post happy daily but having really bas/sad/lonely day Have been sick & isolated 1 month Have seen face to face 5 doctors,8 nurses, 2 ambulance paramedics,3 #corona taxi drivers I don’t know how they look-all had masks #Covid19 
When people get sick I go visit them and give them a big hug. I think I will keep doing that. That would include Corona virus if I knew anybody who had it  …
Two Briefings, Two Tales PM Imran Khan: We r trying hard to tackle corona virus. We have taken these steps. We will succeed Insha Allah. CM Murad Ali Shah: I m begging u to stay at home. I will cry, if u do not stay at home. Please! Please!
this year was supposed to be my first year buka puasa with a date that isn’t a kurma, corona u better leave NOW.
China wale : Finally Corona ke sare case khtm China is Corona-free now After few days Corona: 
It’s interesting seeing republicans talk about how Sweden is handling the corona outbreak well. If we are, which is too soon to tell, it couldn’t be done without universal healthcare and paid sick leave.
Someone died of corona and see the number of people that went to receive his body. Coconut heads
Don't even go far with Funke Akindele's case.. "..the bodies of persons who died of Corona Virus will not be released to the family" ~ Lai Mohammed Rules are not made for everybody in Nigeria. It depends on your side of the divide. 
Our team of health workers and police personnel were  with a round of applause in Azad Basti today. With the cooperation of people, samples were collected for testing. Let's fight #Corona together! @PMOIndia @naqvimukhtar @HemantSorenJMM @JharkhandCMO 
Why Rohingyas who attended Tablighi Jamaat hiding instead of reporting for KOVID19 checkup?Are they designated Corona Carriers? @Shehzad_Ind. But why is our intelligence always found napping.If they are security threat,they ought to have been under observation #JamatRohingyaLink
I can’t lie if I tested positive for corona why would  and tell Twitter who are these people to me
Iranian people are once again trying to fight the mullah propaganda machine with the tag #KeepIRSanctions. Islamic Republic falsley claimes they want sanctioned lifted to fight Corona while the reality is that they want as many as possible killed since we want our country back.
NEW: Ivanka Trump seen traveling on a cycle with her Husband, Vikas Trump, to Ration Shop. Ivanka's Family is Thankful to Modiji for providing free Ration and Subsidy during the difficult time of corona lockdown. 
●Record Annapurna trains, ●Record foodgrain dispatch, ●Highest loading in covered wagons ~ Northern Railway spearheading Indian Railway effort to fight Corona and make essential supplies reach each citizen. #AnnapurnaGrainTrains #IndiaFightsCorona 
Do Not pay School Fee...Socially Boycott these people for being concerned more about School Fees and Not Human Lives during Corona Pandemic 
I be tapping through stories like ” mmm they def getting corona “
#CoronaWarrior Shri #AnilKohli, ACP @PunjabPoliceInd lost the battle against #COVID. He got #Corona infected & was hospitalized last week while performing his duty. My Condolences for the Brave Soul! @BJYM salutes #CoronaFighters! #BJYMCares @poonam_mahajan 
The regional government of Lombardia decided to move mild corona cases to nursing homes (!) due to a lack of beds in the hospitals. The nursing homes received 150 EUR/patient/day. This in a scandal. Might explain why Italy has so many fatalities  …
he wants do to a concert so bad i really really hope they get to do one before the year ends on at the very start of 2021 (corona pls cooperate the happiness of my children is at stake here)
corona really gat me fucked up 
Modi Government finally understood what @RahulGandhi advised. I hope they listen to sensible advices more from now and keep partisan propaganda aside to fight the Corona Pandemic and recover from huge Economic slowdown. Good.  …
“Corona virus you take bribe? Abi dem bribe you” LMAOO  …
The USA banned “GAIN OF FUNCTION” virus research because of the dangers of causing a pandemic. So in 2015, Dr Anthony Fauci's NIH, funded research into bat corona viruses in Wuhan China ($3.7m) using “gain of function" technology, which is effectively making bio-weapons! 
"Every time I step out, people start shouting 'corona, corona,'".... "Earlier they would walk at a distance because I'm a Dalit, but now they call me the disease itself."  …
This sujuu adeer from #Mansabubu, NE Kenya has nailed it. He says 2020 has  troublesome; Corona, measles, problems, quarrelsome politicians. He says “we are therefore shifting to 2021” he says, “sisi tumehama” and, “we’re taking our animals with us” bye bye 2020! 
SURROUNDED BY DISTRICTS HAVING CORONA +VE, ALIGARH STILL REMAINS CORONA FREE. HOW? Borders sealed in Jan followed by extensive screening of resi & passerbyes at the border, timely isolation, 3k teams screening every house, packets of relevant medicines distributed in villages. 
Women not deterred by or afraid of patriarchy can do wonders. It was due to a woman that the world at least knows a bit of novel Corona virus’s basic epidemiology. Read how June Almeida’s contributions still help the mankind!  …
"The Corona crisis has given me the necessary rest to find my faith again. For many years Islam has kept me busy. My faith is now strong enough so that I can acknowledge the one true God and speak the Shahada to be proud to say, yes I am Muslim." -Willi Ott 
"Let's meet after Corona" We're going to need exorcists to deal with the amount of ghosting that's going to happen if we make it out of this in one piece
Asad Umar once again exposing PPP n Murad Ali Shah's hypocrisy and their petty politics on Corona. #Scums 
Lifestyle tings #corona 
The Prime Minister who has empowered rabid trolls like Shahbaz Gill & Faisal Vawda and refuses to even meet the opposition because they're too 'krupt' is asking others not to play politics over Corona.
BJP is only power-hungry, they did not even understand the risks from this epidemic and pushed the people towards unbearable pain BJP and Narendra Modi is solely responsible for the situation that has arisen today due to Corona epidemic in Madhya Pradesh 
FARIDKOT: The first Corona positive patient of Faridkot recovers, discharged from hospital.
I even saw him saying in an interview yesterday , that his state ignored containment of corona until 24th of March coz kamalnath was more focussed in saving his govt. I mean, seriously!!! He actually said that
Distant Voices: How the Welsh arts and creative scene is staying resilient in the time of Corona |  …
just like the Health Ministry made overnight changes to its Standard Operating Procedures with options for for Disposal of bodies by making cremation mandatory under pressure from racist elements & their gatekeepers! #COVID19LK #Corona  …
If you could end Corona by sacrificing a part of London, which part would you choose and why South??
TBH in Nigeria, money isn't enough power The government is both money & power. Funke Akindele had a party at her house and got arrested but for a burial of someone that died from corona y'all are still packed like that but law can't even reach you Many more burials  fr
me when corona is finally over 
Asad Umar is utterly wrong when he says decisions are being taken rising above politics-What is corona tiger force? Why are ministers taking credit for distribution of money among the needy? Why is a set of ministers launched against Sindh govt, which is otherwise performing well
Uganda’s first patients who fully recovered from the deadly corona virus disease (Covid-19) were treated using the controversial hydroxychloroquine drug that is yet to be approved by the World Health Organisation. — The East African
madi a a neelwang bo GIPS aa neelwe bo UB and public institutions gone yaana private institutions di iphihlile,ha gona gope ha di hlagella g teng ha go buiwa ka corona! UB and BIUST are doing the most at the moment!!!! Direct our resources to improve national institutions
Out now.... #3 Jazz in the time of the Corona Virus -  … #WeAreTheVortexJazzClub #music for #stayingathome @LondonJazz @DalstonSound @LovingDalston @jazzlondonlive @tomchallenger @HuwVWilliams @oliebrice @babellabel @jazzsharing 
Maharashtra is already have the highest number of Corona Cases. But just look at the law and order of the state 100s of people gathered violating lockdown and lynched 2 Saadhus in front of Police. 
As promised, Corona 2.0 video is here! 
Life in the time of #Corona Captured by kak 
Glad that Govt has acted on @RahulGandhi ‘s suggestion of protecting our corporates from hostile takeovers. Situation would've been much better had govt also listened to him when he first warned about the looming dangers of Corona virus on India, all the way back in February! 
Abba Kyari dies on Friday and he dies of corona virus pandemic which is disaster. The prophet Muhammad SAW said "if anyone dies of a disaster and he is fully a believer, he will definitely enter Paradise."
It's hard for a typical Nigerian to genuinely be pained about the demise of any politician. I'm not pained by Kyari's death, im neither happy about it. I'm currently only concerned about how I can successfully survive this Corona.  …
So, how do you tell other Nigerians they can't Bury their Corona dead after this episode?
No information in Government of India's Health Ministry website, including information about #Corona, is available in non-Hindi languages. It is available in Hindi but not in Tamil, Bangla, Marathi, Kannada, Punjabi, Telugu, Odia, Malayalam, Meitei, Santhali, Kashmiri, Bodo.
The following information is relevant to assess the situation of #COVIDー19 in Sindh as of 18th April at 8 AM: Total Tests 22938 (today 1666) Positive Cases 2355 (today 138) Recovered Cases 592 Deaths 48 In the last 24 hours, 11 people have recovered from corona in Sindh
UK survey shows fewer than one person in 10 wishes to go back to their pre-pandemic lives. Seems that one fruit of corona is that people are reviewing their priorities and seeking models of solidarity and service, according to @thetimes 
Look at the lockdown in hotspot areas of Pune.. Not only in Mumbai, Uddhav has no focus on Hotspots in other districts too. How will Corona end like this?  …
Corona hairstyle for 
Thank you dear Shefali. I am looking forward to a beautiful saari after this Corona phase is over  …
MH has crossed 3,000 Corona cases & has 14 hotspots. Mumbai Suburban district Pune Thane Nagpur Sangli Ahmednagar Yavatmal Aurangabad Buldhana Nashik Kolhapur Amravati Palghar Zero administration,bad healthcare, lockdown violation. Army should be called #MahaHotSpotsInDanger
NCC cadets of Tamil Nadu Dte of Trichy NCC Bn helping the Karur City Police in Corona preventive measures. The volunteer services of NCC cadets at this Pandemic situation was appreciated by Public of Karur as well as by the Police. @SpokespersonMoD @drajaykumar_ias 
On 13th May, we had 26 Corona cases in Pakistan. 13th May 
Not even sure watin go kill person again Corona dey outside, hunger dey inside, bad boys dey outside even konji dey inside inside
Labour HQ's Southside saboteurs targetted & expelled me, so understand why party members fighting for a Labour government feel betrayed. Back statement from left MPs  … I'm battling corona. Want to get back on the road to clear my name 
I miss going to the Gurdwara man, can Corona go away now :(
" Situation of the Corona is unprecedented, we were expecting 50k patients up to 25th April, but we have controlled situation in Pakistan  to the rest of the world " #PMKhan #Covid_19
There is a belief, prompted by two articles that bats give Corona. As a result people are going out to cut trees which are homes for bats. This is the truth of the matter: 
Your government flew in rich kids from US for free who infected a @KenyaAirways pilot with Corona, but is now imposing high standards for ordinary Kenyans stuck in China under a hail of xenophobic attacks. I keep telling you that Uhuru thinks with his diab! 
Reading the  here, it appears that all Corona deaths in Guernsey are in care homes. Is this a clue to how many people have *really* died throughout the UK?  …
When will Blacks get sick of being used? I am and I know that @w_terrence is. Hillary Clinton said that Blacks are dying at higher rates from the Corona Virus and is acting like Racist Americans are killing us on purpose. It is the Democrats that left many of us in Poverty
TOI EXC:Its not just pvt labs that have been allowd by ICMR to conduct COVID19 tests in India UP's BirbalSahni Inst of Paleosciences tht for yrs has done carbon dating (C12) on fossils to do Corona tests ICMR dirc on R&D insts. Reporting  …
Agree and disagree. Mankhurd is a big hotspot. So many guidelines are issued. No one is listening. It is a huge slum area and corona numbers are growing. Cops have to act. No carts allowed in my area also. Humane approach may not work
Immensly saddened by the loss of Shri Anil Kohli, posted as ACP in Ludhiana. Praying for strength & resilience for the family and wishing for peace for the departed soul. Urging @capt_amarinder to declare him as a Corona Martyr and announce One  for his family. 
I wish justice would be done in Bahrain and the prisoners would be released because of the risk of corona .As the special rich prisoners were released. #أطلقوا_سجناء_البحرين 
Since '18, Mahalakshmi Layout activists & i have fought to retain children's playground sold to rich/ influential for pennies 'Rebel' MLA K Gopalaiah allegedly facilitated deal Now he's appointd by CM to monitor 'ration pilferage' Hope he doesnt fail public this time #corona
Corona virus has no medicine but people are getting healed. Now who is fooling who???? 
ArundhatiRoy has simply stated the fact. We have shameless channels connecting corona to jihad We have bjp candidates like @BabitaPhogat n more call the #Jamatis as terrorist Around the world #Covid_19 is a pandemic but for India its  a reason  the  …
Strictly adhering to all the precautions for containing #Covid_19 spread @major ports while handling cargoes, Ministry has denied shore passes to more than 50,000 crew & passengers. Major step to mitigate the menace caused due to the pandemic. #ShipminGroundsCoronaVirus #Corona 
Pandurang havaldar busy looking at case of corona attack on navy he doesn't find time to arrest single source head .  …
Easy way to contribute to PM’s Corona Relief Fund... we all must be getting this message on our cell phones: Apne mobile phone se 'Fund' likh kar 6677 per SMS karain aur 20 rupay 'PM's COVID-19 Relief Fund' main atiya karain.
21 Indian Navy Personnel of #INSAngre (which is shore based logistical and administrative support depot for operations of the western  tested positive for Corona Virus. They have been quarantined at a naval hospital in colaba. Watch my ground report 
Fuck empathy If this Corona started in Africa, and they were allowed to travel.. these our leaders will be ruling us from the abroad. Let the cleansing begin.
Federal government: Everyone should stay indoors to avoid the spread of corona virus Same federal government:  …
Definitely one of the most beautiful Mountains. After we beat this Corona, we definitely visiting Samburu Photo Courtesy, Check us out on IG  
Don't know what has happened to man utd during this Corona virus lockdown. But they  turned around the fans perception of the way the club is run. Having Cole, Pallister, Robson, Brown, and May ringing fans up to raise spirits is another stroke of genius. Well done
It took TUBE LIGHT MODI govt 1 week to understand & adhere to warning/advise of @RahulGandhi to tweak laws in order to prevent FOREIGN (Chinese) TAKEOVER OF INDIAN CORPORATES arising due to weakening of  in #Corona #lockdown the period. 
Sad to share that we had lost Gurmail Singh Kanungo yesterday & ACP Anil Kohli in Ludhiana to #Covid19 today. In this moment of crisis, losing our Corona Warriors is a big loss for the State. I join their families in this time of grief. Rest assured Punjab will stand by them.
Celebrating my 60th during the corona virus!  
Things are going on in this Corona lockdown. 
the glitter in my bath and body works hand sanitizer fighting the corona virus 
Haaland is a target this summer, as is Eduardo Camavinga in midfield, so money will need to be raised in order to fund those moves because of the corona-crisis. Bale, Mariano, James and even Ceballos is on the market. Real will listen to offers for Brahim and Jovic too. [ 
As always she is Hindu Hater n Spews Lies,Fakery to malign PM!How dirty is her Mind to blame PM for Corona n target Muslims!Does her tongue gets paralysed to condemn their spitting,attacking n brick batting Life Savers?  …
See our leaders arresting people for going out. They are here gathering for someone that died of Corona Virus.... Nigeria is one  show 
Important : Delhi CM . @ArvindKejriwal to address a digital press conference on #Corona today, 18th April at 5:30 pm. 
After fighting on frontline against coronavirus in Ludhiana. ACP Anil Kohli has lost his battle against Corona Virus after getting infected 10 days back. We salute our Punjab Police braveheart for supreme sacrifice. Huge loss to our family of Punjab police! RIP sir 
Several districts are  Corona free- Pilibhit, Maharajganj, Hathras. Now Shahjahanpur is also on the verge to  Corona free. Bareilly and Prayagraj have also  Corona free: Awanish K Awasthi, Additional Chief Secretary, Home Department 
PCB has donated 10536500 rupees in PM Imran Khan Corona Relief Fund
On some serious shit, corona gotta go son
If you are not sick or symptomatic of the Corona Virus, the safest place for you to be right now is exactly where you are - AT HOME. There is no easy way to put it than to say - Stay the f*** Home. #StayHomeStaySafe
798 KP corona virus tests yesterday; within 10 days, a 3.5x increase in capacity within ten days; almost 200 more than the previous highest. Of this, 692 at the PHRL lab at KMU. Dr. Arshad Javed and team, congratulations, wonderful stuff. You guys are doing a stellar job! 
We continue to raise awareness about this Covid-19 pandemic also known as Corona Virus,as it has taken away what we love most from us,which is football. I urge everyone  to the precautions set by our leaders and obeying all Lockdown rules. We will see you soon 
I wonder why people are making a joke out of Abba Kyari, he was a good leader who was passionate about this country, he also died to save Nigeria. It’s not right to celebrate someone’s death but I think corona  cleanse our country. Rest In Peace, Sir.
While you were distracted by corona, they finally snuck in the "Kenyattan Milk Monopoly Protection Law". #UshenziKE! "You will require a contract to buy or sell raw milk" Failure  will cost you a Sh10,000 fine or in default two years in  …
Im not sure I’m you are aware about the situation in the Prison Population at the moment, but the Corona Virus is spreading like wild fire, not just among Prisoners but Staff as well, the Government seem to be covering this up.
Map shows the Dingo Fence and the Rabbit Proof Fences of Australia. The corona proof fence is the ocean? Source:  
Education Ministry is sleeping while the student is suffering a lot due to the Corona crisis & without any lecture, institutes are demanding fees & students under pressure because their family condition is not suitable for paying fees. Raise Voice #StudentsWantFeeRelaxation
Worst  from #Punjab. Our #CoronaFighter ACP Anil Kohli , who was diagnosed with Corona , lost his life battling the disease. We will always remember this supreme sacrifice on line of duty . May God give strength to family which is also struggling with #Corona
If they don't believe in Corona, why are some wearing masks? THEY'RE FAKES. They pay the sign holders more. The guy wearing a mask out front is the actor they trusted most, but he's wearing a mask cuz it's an acting job.  …
LIC Salutes Corona Warriors. You inspire us to be in service beyond duty, 24X7. #IndiaFightsCorona #StayHomeStaySafe 
Corona thought we will stop vibing inyile keh si lah 
When the whole country is fighting against Corona, Govt should waive off GST on the essential items to fight against Covid- 19. 
They're set to bury Abba Kyari today which is against the NCDC guidelines, as the body of a dead Corona Virus patient is still very infectious, even 6 feet under. This won't be the first time we'll be seeing the Government and the elite break the laws that they themselves set.
Getting back to old habits.. Morning coffee browsing on Deezer and listenning to cool stuff. Reading the fucking depressing news. Fuck corona dinamou
I’ve been tested negative for Corona Virus. Even Corona doesn’t like me.
NZ corona Cases 1422 less recovered 867 = 555 current cases. Population of NZ 4.8 million. 0.01% of kiwis have the virus. 0.02% of kiwis have had it (including the active cases above) USA deaths are 0.01% of 328 million population. Apocalypse? #coronavirusnz 
Corona will still be shared there. E no consign me.
Corona related opportunity. The lockdown is making many people reThink their outdoor spaces Been invited to work on this small space. Let there be life #SketchItBuildIt #Outdoors #FrontYard 
#Switzerland expresses solidarity with India in its fight against #COVID19. Projected Indian Tricolor of more than 1000 meters on #Matterhorn Mountain, Zermatt, switzerland. A big Thank You to @zermatt_tourism #Together_against_Corona 
Today's after Corona Cornish experience is to be pulled through the Men - an - Tol particularly useful if you suspect that you might be a changeling ... @ESDale77 @Philolithia @Intocornwall @caitlinrgreen @beauty_cornwall #afterthequarantine #cornwall #neolithic 
Massive Testing can defeat Corona - Rahul Gandhi Why ⁦ @PMOIndia⁩ n CM MadhyaPradesh are silent on Testing Increments?? 
Although . @ChouhanShivraj ruled 15yrs as CM but he failed to build least one Reputed laboratory here which could hv bn used in crisis lk Corona Pandemic. He shamelessly says State lacks testing facility, but he himself wears matching N-95 Means Mama& #भाजपा_मस्त_MP_त्रस्त 
After reading 'the plague' by Albert Camus I now switch to 'The death of grass' (1956). It reminds you that 2020 is International Year of Plant Heath #IYPH Plant viruses: the same power as #corona #COVID19  …  … via @PenguinUKBooks
Difference is, the temple guys: • didn't test positive of Corona • didn't hide • didn't spit on docs • didn't stone pelt on docs • didn't poop in hospital corridor • didn't pull down their pants in front of nurses • didn't keep provoking people to gather for Friday prayers
Do you think if you died in a hospital from corona virus, your soul would be greeted by everyone else’s soul who died around the same time as you and y’all just go off in a squad or somn?
Netflix really the biggest winner from Corona 
Chief Secretary Sri Asit Tripathy and 5T Secretary Sri VK Pandian reviewed Covid Hospitals in Balangir, Bargarh, Subarnapur and Kandhamal Districts. They also reviewed various aspects related to Corona preparedness & resumption in agricultural activities. 
What are women wearing a Rs.2000 clothes thanking for after getting Rs 500 to fight the Corona Economic Crunch! Did I miss something?? Is it 500rs or 500 dollars?Or did the buying capacity of Rupee increased or something.  …
Even with Corona we will  our people home. They talk as if kenya is a Corona free country
BREAKING: @gctitans Kallum Watkins quits NRL after father contracts corona virus. #nrl @badel_cmail Titans’ star import forced to end NRL  …
Lai Mohammed said that govt won't release corona virus corpses to families, why are they now releasing his?
No sense of realism. Recession at the doorstep. Where does the  from for the trillions  the impact of Corona and a 12.5 trillion for the Green Deal on top? @VDombrovskis  …
Delhi Government begins depositing Rs 5,000 to accounts of PSV drivers in Delhi Autorickshaw, Gramin Seva, E-Rickshaw etc gets Rs 5,000 during the corona crisis to help them. 
Corona is real Stay home 
Why is Belgium a corona virus hotspot? The answer is clear. Far-right Brexit racism and the malign influence of Putin.  …
We are part of this campaign lets flatten the curve #StayAtHome #StaySafe #WeCare  #COVID19 #coronavirus #corona 
Corona was delivered to your door.  …
Bhiwandi has 2 more positive cases of Corona Patients and they have been quarantined for now. I request each and everyone to stay indoor and not to move out untill and unless there is some emergency.  – at Bhiwandi
As at Thursday night, Nigeria lost a Physiotherapist, Oluwayemisi Otegbeye to Corona Virus. She became the third Nigerian Health Worker to die from the Disease after Dr Aminu and Dr Emeka. Massive respect to the health workers and those at the frontlines of this
JIHAD AGAINST CORONA: Chairman - Shaheen Group gives his campus for Quarantine. Darul Uloom Deoband offers its building for Quarantine Facility. All India Sunni scholars association offer space for isolation wards 
For a better tomorrow for humanity Iranian people are asking the world to #KeepIRSanctions Regime uses Corona as an excuse to get sanctions lifted but that is nothing but a #CovidSanctionLie We want our freedom back & regime want us dead. That is the simple 
Calling #Corona #ChineseVirus is racism, but this is not? A few blacks have tested positive in town and now every black person is being denied to enter citie"s McDonalds and shopping centers just for being black. Real 
This is second maiam flag.corona kashyam distributed 
Arundhati Roy should be ashamed  the response to Tablighi Jamaits who are super spreaders of Corona Virus in India and South East Asia. Deluded ones like her encourage pandemic spread. #ArundhatiRoy
To ensure that the essential needs are provided & health facilities are available to citizens, also agricultural activities begin on time, few activities would be allowed to resume operations strictly adhering to the Corona guidelines from 20th April.
Due to the lockdown extension till 3rd May, most services like Railway, Metro, Public Transport & public events & festivals will remain to be discontinued in order to control corona infection. Yesterday, the State Govt. has issued guidelines regarding the same.
12 lakh construction workers in #Maharashtra will get Rs 2000 in #Corona virus #Lockdown. This will be from labour welfare fund as DBT. Announcement by labour and excise minister Dilip Walse Patil. Reports @thakur_shivangi
Who is the villain in your love story? Mine is Dushman Corona.
Okay, If Bill Gates is found to have funded the Chinese lab that Released the Corona Virus for 35 Million dollars, Is he liable to Americans that were harmed from getting the Corona Virus? Can Bill Gates be sued as well as China?
Why @CMOMaharashtra @OfficeofUT is changing criteria for the COVID19 tests? Did he find some fault with the ICMR testing or some 'Fox' channel is teaching him methods to fudge the numbers? in this letter @Dev_Fadnavis openly allege about the artificial reduction of Corona numbers  …
We have shown you how a #CoronaWarriors nurse from #Belagavi was not able to meet her 3 year old daughter due to her service. Now #WATCH this emotional video when  her #QuarantineTime and finally got to meet her daughter. @indiatvnews #Corona 
No ministers, no health minister in Madhya Pradesh, worst hit state of India by Corona. Just a month ago a very stable government was toppled. Who will be responsible for all these deaths Madhya Pradesh is facing today? #भाजपा_मस्त_MP_त्रस्त
Thanks @_MohitChauhan ji for your valuable contribution by boosting morale of Corona warriors in this crisis. We all stand together unitedly to fight this crisis. Salute to Corona Warriors  …
Pigeni orders za G bags na blunts. Cookies hadi after corona. Delivery to your doorstep.
An observation about COVID-19 hospital refusals, from someone (me) who has been in an ambulance more than once in Japan: Unless your bleeding and/or unconscious, hospitals often refuse, its not just because of corona. I’ve seen ambulance crew argue with hospital staff.
15000 case hain total... kitne Jamaat ki vajah se hain? Pata bhi hai? MP aur Gujarat mein kitne case hai Jamaat ki wajah se? Wahan kaise spread hua Corona? Mumbai mein kaise spread hua? This is nothing but your hatred for Muslims which is required to stay in BJP ! Ram Ram  …
Innocent Jamaaties spread corona in Nepal also. What say Swara now? 
Care England warning today there could already be 7500 uncounted corona deaths in UK care homes. Lives in care homes are not worth less. @alzheimerssoc is campaigning for care home data to be published every day, just like the NHS Join our campaign here:  
We understand that basic hygiene and sanitation are crucial to battle coronavirus. For this reason, every ‘MCG relief centre’, now home to thousands of migration labourers, is being frequently decontaminated and sanitised. #IndiaFightsCoronavirus #StayHome #Corona 
Being a traitor is a bad thing and betraying the people who voted you during a crisis is worst. People voted for INC for better a Governance. Scindia betrayed INC as well the people trusted him. He is responsible for the current Corona crisis in MP. #भाजपा_मस्त_MP_त्रस्त
My dear people, Avoid random links. Avoid all these awoof links, MTN is not sharing money. Federal government is not sharing money, we didn’t hear them say they are . Atiku is not sharing money. Your bank is not sharing money. Don't be unfortunate. If Corona no see you catch
As you jubilate over ABBA KYARI’s death remember ... DEATH KNOWS NO ONE! It could be you tomorrow. RIP to ABBA KYARI.... RIP to those who CORONA has sent to the grave. RIP to the DEAD #HateCantStopTacha
This is how it is. Video has been made by a contractual employee of the institute who is one of those people who are reluctant to have patients there. This selfish attitude of some people is very callous & hurts all those people who are genuinely working day night against corona
Friendly reminder, don’t post/publish your opinion regarding Corona Virus or BW Government
Pathetic statexof healyjcare. 4 day old kid, nurses, ward boys infected with Corona.  …
The Prophet’s Mosque is closed for the first time in 14 centuries, since the time of the Prophet’s mission of Islam. Ya Allah please end this Corona virus 
S. Navjot Singh Sidhu donates WHO  1000 pieces of N95 Masks to Frontline Healthcare Warriors of Amritsar and Taran Tarn Civil Hospitals, along with Guru Nanak Dev Medical College, Amritsar. @vidyarthee @AlankarSawai #COVID #CoronaWarriors #Corona 
One corona virus positive woman has given a birth to a baby girl in aurangabad. According to the medical team, the baby is healthy and doing well as of now. Doctors took her swab for corona virus testing #Maharashtra
This 13th-century Sun temple at #Konark a classic illustration of Kalinga Architecture. Here is my all time favourite sand art by the master @sudarsansand Do visit once Corona is over! 
Mask art #art #paintings #corona #covid19 Via 
While the world is fighting with Corona can we count how many countries saw long ques of hungry men and women on streets or people walking 1000s Km in foot to reach home or 1000s sleeping hungry under the open sky?
Foreign (blue) and local (red) tourists in Croatia from 1950 to date. Factor in Corona-restrictions this summer, and consider that tourism makes up about 20% of Croatian GDP.  …
"Police Twitter pages boasting about their corona patrols finding a small piece of cannabis, or regulating what they consider are “essential” items for someone’s supermarket trolley appear to show they are enjoying the new status" argues  …
 to rescue the world !! UN Chief Antonio Guterres salutes India for helping others in fight against Corona Virus. Truly India is Vishwaguru. Remember that we are supplying hydroxychloroquine to 55 countries. 
