haven’t heard much about corona lately. did y’all finish off the bottle?
The cost of being swindled at the 2019 election is incalculable given the consequences of this weak economy & catastrophic bushfires as well as mismanagement of corona virus.
Italy is literally throwing in the kitchen sink to curb the Corona outbreak here.
The corona virus emergency, the suspended games in Italy and the  up in June. Not sure Italy will manage to cope with all this
At the meet and feet: don’t touch her, don’t hug her don’t do anything. LIKE WTF CALM DOWN I DONT HAVE CORONA VIRUS
Oh boy. I'm only 1.5 hours away from the latest Corona virus outbreak here in Italy. People are not allowed to enter or leave affected areas. Towns are in lockdown. Schools and shops are shut down. I've stacked food, supplies, face masks and gloves today. It's happening
Lemon Ice King of Corona is the most legendary Italian-ice shop in NYC 
She really paired the corona and lime song with this post..... 
Inter - Sampdoria tomorrow seems to be suspended due to the Corona virus outbreak in Milan
Anyone who has been in contact with a Corona patient or someone who is suspected of being infected with the virus, and who has symptoms such as fever, cough, or other respiratory symptoms, should call the MDA 101 #Emergency Call 
Will the Corona Virus potentially impact this years WSOP in Vegas??
The Mayor of Boston say: "Sony you are liars, you are scared by Microsoft, not by Corona virus"  …
The Iranian people have very little chance of surviving the corona virus! Please take action before a human disaster occurs @WHO #HelpIranCoronaWHO
Mom is selling Masks for corona 4 for 1,000LL at Pharmacie Meridien Sed l Bawchrieh. Go Buy it there.
Just think about a serious relationship with corona virus and it will run away.
My intuition tells me it’s a little to coincidental that in all of China ( millions of sq. miles ) just by chance ground zero for this pandemic is a few miles from the Chinese militaries Level 4 bio lab where they experiment with Corona viruses . Bat soup uuummm ?  …
One Jpn expert suggests on TV, best way to stop the corona virus spread is not necessarily quarantine (and sacrifice) but "stoppage" of all economic activities. But this capitalism cannot. Reminded me of Walter Benjamin: "That things 'just keep on going' is the catastrophe."
#IRDetainees @realDonaldTrump #Coronavirus in #Iran is extremely prevalent, please give an aid to Iranian people, while people are suffering from #corona Iranian terrorist authorities are executing detainees of November protests, humanitarian catastrophe has taken place in Iran
the fact that antis are dragging everglow cause of this even tho over a thousand suspected corona cases were revealed in sk literally yesterday is sad and inconsiderate  …
all jokes aside, Everglow’s fansign was so empty because of the sudden increase of corona cases in Korea. ALL their other fansign events were literally full. 
Turk State will probably start acting when no longer only Kurds are victim of Corona Virus but when Turks get infected.  …
also if he stans corona b then make the water boiling 
this old woman at the pupuseria is straight up roasting her husband for getting a corona with no lime. love is beautiful
Smol brain: All races are equally vulnerable to Corona. Normal brain: Only kills Mongoloids (Lance Welton). Galaxy brain: Virulence higher for Caucasians (see 6:15).  …
It's about time someone in Government told us the truth about the spread of the corona virus. Italy are bringing in police and military to control people in infected areas.
I really don’t want bts to go to South Korea... not right now until the corona virus is gone I’m so scared for k army and bts :(
The league is doing a good enough job at killing itself, why the fuck is it worrying about corona
Are you guys not tired of living in Namibia ug ae this country is draining... So much going on like corona virus is even better
Schools/universities are cancelled in 10 provinces. Cinemas and concerts are also shut down. Special hospitals are prepared for corona patients. Yeah it seems it’s more serious than we were expecting!
Me: relaxing listening to Spotify Spotify ads: IF YOU HAVE THE CORONA VIRUS- Me: 
Got  oversized torta (fist for reference) from Tortas Neza and a new drip on my way back from AOC's town hall. North Corona has everything. 
Ahh guys ㅠㅠ please pray for us that the Corona virus situation in Korea improves ㅠㅠ its gotten quite serious in the last few days.
all i want is to be somewhere on a hot beach, sipping a corona with lime, blasting country music with some 
Well the guy i was talking to called corona virus the “Kung flu” so i am not going to be talking to him again lol
These empty seats are because of people who didn't go because of the 250% corona virus increase in the last 24 hours...
Thread : Tonight (Saturday), Magen David Adom opened a special hotline focusing on treating people suspected of contracting #Coronavirus. 100s of citizen inquiries have been received regarding the Corona at Magen David Adom's 101 hotline. 
[200222] Soyeon Instagram update " A homebody's schedule! Home-workout-home Be careful about Corona virus! " #라붐 #소연 #laboum 
jane are you concerned about the corona virus
People gathering in #talesh #Gilan in front of a hospital that houses Corona patients to express their concern about #Coronavirus outbreak and authorities' 
You are a big shame for Iranians @Lghara93!I’m ashamed knowing you are from my motherland!Thousands lives are in danger!Either because of Corona or because of tortures & death sentences in the regime’s detention centers. And all you have to talk about is lies about the sanction!  …
This is bad news for S. Korea & the U.S. military . It’s easily conceivable with this type of a jump in cases S.Korea could get hit very hard by the Corona virus.  …
I mentioned I might have Corona virus on stream last night and a chatter said he's been drinkin a 12 pack of Corona a day to develop an immunity to it. Hey, don't.
That’s what you call journalism - not what Munafiq Mir, Snake Safi, Nurse Naseem, Petrol Shami, Makeup Khanzada, Rape Apologist Sethi, IRS Haider, Jiyala Nasir, Khurram Corona, and others practice in Pak  …
Trump is 'furious' about bungling Diamond Princess coronavirus evac  via @MailOnline Official said it was a big mistake to bring 14 people with the CORONA VIRUS from Japan to the USA.. Yeah... There is a reason Obama said "A wall can't stop diseases"
Pat Ramsey's taking no more chances of the Corona virus in Derry. 
Take care of yourselves, corona is serious stop fooling around.
Breakdown  @POTUS is right to be furious! #Corona infected sent home "as long as they are isolated upon arrival" ...but they aren't. UCSF is calling patients incl me to reschedule appoint IF we have it. Obviously ppl are showing up w/ it..  …
Here is a video that shows the deepness of the #CoronaVirus Tragedy in #Iran. A child to be dead today in #Shiraz because of #Corona.  …
The importance of choosing your words carefully. WHO Lady on Ch4 news tonight offering reassurance on the Corona Virus. “The good news is that the virus doesn’t kill everybody”
Pray for South Korea . The Corona virus covid 19 is no joke as we've witnessed in China. Hopefully the authorities aren't in a state of denial about this pandemic. 
#CoronaVirus Everyone is taking personal hygiene seriously after the Corona-Virus. 
The students of Beheshti University are protesting in demand of cancelling all classes bc of #corona risk. In some cities also there were some protests against lack of transparency from regime. @WHO should know that regime is incapable of stopping virus spread. Strikes 
teacher just cancelled class because someone coughed he thought he had corona 
#BREAKING #Iran Feb 22 Students Girls gather in Tehran Beheshti University to protest against university not closure (to prevent #coronavirus spreading) Iran regime is trying to cover up corona spreading the news Chants: " Beheshti (University) should be closed" 
Pakistan declares emergency in Balochistan in districts near Pakistan-Iran border due to threat from Corona Virus in Iran. Movement of Shia pilgrims also blocked for time being.  …
I'm in Rome and this just happened. COVID/Corona? Who knows. They aren't taking chances. #italy #COVID 
The new terrorist Revolutionary  Esmail Ghaani has been infected with the fatal virus Corona. 
Can the Islamic Republic resist Corona virus? #Iran #coronavirus #ویروس_کرونا #تعطیلی_تا_پایان_کرونا
How the corona virus will be used by the 1% Depopulation Creating a reason to increase censorship of the internet because of so called fake news about the virus People will fear the virus and focus on it
3 points of concerns wrt Corona Virus: 1. Corona virus cases showing up around the world with no epidemiological link at all - Iran 2. CDC found that the corona virus was viable in feces 3. Corona virus found in patient's urine
A serial killer with the Corona virus could infect and kill thousands of people without getting caught.
When people say countries with weak health systems are most vulnerable, this is what they mean. Iran has a mortality rate of  to about 2% in China & even less in other regions. Now imagine a Corona Virus outbreak in a country like Kenya, Ethiopia or even DRC!  …
Some Russian guy came up to someone in the library and said “I heard you sneezing and it’s dangerous, leave” in a stern voice and the other guy says “it’s just allergies, I am certain it’s not corona virus” and then they just stared at each other… Fam, it was me that sneezed.. 
Breaking: Iran's Ministry of Culture announced that all art and cinema activities in the country were stopped for 1 week due to the spread of the Corona virus.
Things more popular than Paul Lambert in Ipswich right now: > Corona virus > Spam > Ian Duncan-Smith > Wasp stings > Mrs Brown's Boys .... 
Corona reaches Kurdistan People who posted “izrael hsabaka bena”: 
This is Iran shahar سیستان Balochistan, Corona virus entered in Balochistan now what Pakistan government do for Rich Balochistan and there poor people. 
CoronaVirus is a health and humanitarian issue only when it is discovered in countries like Italy, Germany and the UK. But it is regarded as an “economic threat” by the west to countries with Corona cases like Iran and China that must be boycotted and isolated from the world.
The fruits of lying Political Correctness are death, diseases and stupidity. Better add the corona virus to this song Michigan & Smiley - Diseases 12" 1981  via @YouTube
IRI did boycott the #coronavirus news for a month, they are still in denial, ppl are panicking since regime keeps the news away from them. Here in Talesh,a northern city are protesting infront of a hospital that hospitalized 4 patients with corona virus. Ppl want update. 
How quickly man-made climate change scam and the corona virus fake hysteria that was preceded with a campaign of promoting vaccines as the answer to all health problems blew away cover of people on the payroll of the globalist mafia. They are all in the open now.
FG just approved 300+ million to fight corona virus
"Corona-boat, Beleaguered with flu. Come aboard, Need more cash from YOU."  …
Yikes. Italy has now declared a state of emergency in the region I am in because of Corona virus. It's getting real
#swarabhaskar Tum bhi corona virus Ho wait Karma will reply you 
Just had our 1st ever screening at an airport for Corona virus there. It was proper vintage Total Recall shit, a digital thermometer to the Fod...!!!
Iranian regime announced 2 cases of Corona virus just before the election knowing Iranian people had campaigned for election boycott under the tags of #NoVote4Terrorists and #رای_بی_رای to blame lack of support on Corona . Just after the election was widely ignored they  …
If you’re planning int’l trips in the next few months I  staying here Not that you should be worried about catching the “corona” but bc all these countries infected w/ “corona” are undergoing political/humanitarian revolutions >>you might get stuck there during lockdown 
Patient 0 for the Corona virus
Woke up with sore throat and a cough...if this is the corona virus I at least better drop five lbs
Lebanese before and after Corona 
Love in the Time of Cholera vs. Love in the Time of Corona ‌ ‌ #وضعیت #coronavirus #كرونا #كورونا
i hoped that she finally gave us some tea but it’s just about corona #FUCKYOUCORONAVIRUS 
i understand the concern about the fanmeetings in korea due to corona virus spreading but lets not forget about our fellow kmbbs & the citizens of korea. please send them our prayers - as someone whose entire family is in korea rn, im scared shitless, this is a human issue. + +
Corona virus pops up and no more Hong Kong protests, and no more Australia fires... #changethenarrative
WE’RE WEARING BLACK MASKS TO REP SAM AND COLBY AND SOMEONE FILMED US AND SHOUTED CORONA IM
Corona is just the LATEST Virus that has made it here...guess who the Host for the Somalie Virus was...Barrack Hussain Obama... He knew what he was doing...
Catch tonight's game as we take on Milwaukee at our Bar Network Watch Party at @CavsHeadhouse! #PhilaUnite | @corona 
This is so unbelievably stupid, shortsighted, & destructive by the Russians. They are just as vulnerable to the corona virus as everyone else.  …
I am devastated, threatened and worried. Upon corona arrival and the stupid decision of making quarantine zones inside the city, i feel like my life and yours are not accounted for. No college will help take care of any student if they’d fallen sick and no one will provide—-
Where exactly is the East Village? Where does Corona end and North Corona begin? Where are the boundaries of Van Nest? Do you agree with this map? Or do you think  wrong?  …
Nope she is not a Stone Pelter She is a College going Swachchh Bharat Abhiyaan Activist cleaning The Road of The Stones on Her Way to The Library. And She is Wearing Mask to Avoid CORONA Virus.. According to (Farzi Sickulars,Paid Media, &dtv, Laal Salaam & Desh k Gaddar) 
Trump ordered Fed to pump up stock market by indirectly buying stocks . And they did...$1/2 TRILLION in a 4 months before the SOTU speech so trump could brag. This sent the market 15% higher. But the Fed's power to pump up the stock market has been cut due to corona-viris.  …
Please google Costa Mesa California… Corona virus... and find out how the government tried to sneak quarantined corona virus patients into a facility in a residential neighborhood in Costa Mesa California... that could happen to any town anywhere
The corona-virus is scary and not going away. What do you think about having trump and the republicans in charge in this time of crisis?  …
trump needs a roaring stock market to remain in power. So he has Fed indirectly buying stocks. (Fed buys treasuries from banks who use the $$to buy stocks) But corona-virus is hurting businesses. So banks are less willing to exchange treasuries for stocks. bad for trump.
Excellent @benjaminwittes conversation with Lisa Monaco & Sophia Yan re corona virus, China & U.S. government responses & structures, etc. — listen.  …
Our loving prophet Muhammad Salall never ordered or eat meat, Eating meat is not  of God too, If we disobey almighty corona virus and other terrible viruses arise, Everything can be fine we start worship of Kabir God 
i heard the major city where over 200 new cases of the corona virus in South Korea is.... Daegu. praying for them
Another episode in the Corona Virus Saga. More than 100 wild animals drop dead near coronavirus epicentre  via 
New cases of #Coronavirus being identified in #Iran, although the regime downplays the risks. Footage: from #Rasht Sender says: “We had a doctor apt today, but the security guard told us due to fear of corona infection doctors  to the clinic”. 
It’s a known fact that there is no link between #coronavirus & chicken/Eggs chicken is absolutely safe to consume. And had no connection with corona virus in any way. So don’t believe any rumours ! 
If Moura caught corona virus he’d lose it with his second touch
Our loving prophet Muhammad Salall never ordered or eat meat, Eating meat is not  of God too, If we disobey almighty corona virus and other terrible viruses arise, Everything can be fine we start worship of Kabir God 
The Narrative Is Set... Corona Leads to Gold Standard Now it’s not just me. Mainstream rolling it out too  …
It’s corona time
He waved until the end for the last post-show greeting and it's somehow.. touching? He did it intentionally with grateful heart to the fans that came and watched the musical. Even with the corona issue, he didn't greet fans with masks. Cho Kyuhyun.. 
#Iran’s Health Minister will go to parliament to brief, in an open session, MPs & people on #CoronaVirus. Health Ministry spox has said that 28 cases of corona virus have been confirmed in the country, of whom 5 have died. Altogether 785 people are suspected to have corona virus.
Chinese couple kiss while wearing their face masks in a Government sponsored mass weeding. This corona virus won't allow people to enjoy their life oo 
Sunggyu was really thankful towards us  Especially with this new scary corona virus going around...that we'd risk being in a closed in space with many people like that just to see him. And he told us to be careful..
Governor Obado: As a country we are not prepared to deal with Corona virus. I kindly plead with you (Raila Odinga) and Pres. Uhuru Kenyatta to ensure that we seal all our international entry points. 
HOLY SH*T They found 29 cases of Corona virus in the last 24 hours in North Italy, another 3 near Rome, 2 already dead. IN 24HRS ITALY HAS BECOME THE COUNTRY WITH MOST INFECTED PEOPLE IN EUROPE. AND THE 24 FOUND ARE IN MY REGION, I'M LITERALLY SO SCARED WTF.
*Every country panics cuz of Corona virus* Kurds: 
It’s D-13! Hyunseung will discharge on 7/3 earlier than the scheduled date 13/3 due to corona virus concern. 
So they have decided to choose Jmhuri Hospital as the Quarantine area of Corona cases, putting the lives of hundreds of students at risk this is unacceptable and actions should be taken to change the hospital. The jmhuri hospital is also close to the city center, putting the +
People without girlfriends and boyfriends, if corona virus reaches Entebbe airport, you're the ones we need on the front line because you can't be useless to the country in all corners
hyunseung will be discharging early on march 7th (due to corona virus concerns if i'm not wrong)!!! that means just 2 more weeks till hyunseung's back!!!!!!  …
Father can’t touch his little baby as he is infected with the Corona virus... The baby’s face tho.. 
Am i the only one that's not one bit scared of corona?
The total number of corona virus cases now in korea is 433 and we are really worried about the boyz and fans safety. At this rate, it would be best to postpone the tbz concert for everyone’s safety. Please protect your artists @Creker_THEBOYZ #크래커_덥즈콘서트_연기해
Early modeling suggests 750,000 aussies could die if the corona virus gets out of hand here Theres 100,000 Chinese high school students now on their way Corona virus =5 X more contagious then the flu. 20 X more deadly The Chinese are in control of Australia Fight  …
How to protect ourselves from Corona virus? Please check our youtube channel for the full video:  
Uhuru paid 1m fine for the man found with a python in Mombasa, but wait, 1.3m was send to Wuhan for more than 100 Kenyans who are locked due to fear of Corona infection . What if Uhuru forgave the guy and 1m send to wuhan.? #BabuOwino Raila Junet Nairobi 
Many MHLW employees on the cruise ship returned to work without virus testing.｜NHK News Feb22 #COVID19 #CORONA #corona  …
Infected quarantine officers do not wear full-body protective suits, disinfecting hands and fingers every time after contact with passengers. #COVID19 #CORONA #corona Yomiuri on line Feb21  …
Park SeoJoon donated 100 million won to Daegu Social Services Organization to help Corona virus patients.  … #ParkSeoJoon #ParkSeoJun 
"Hii BBI fever iko stronger than Corona Virus" - Babu  at #BBIInNarok after residents demand he 
Senior Vice-Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare tweeted and uploaded a photo. “The left hand is the clean route（green zone), and the right is the dirty route(red zone).” #CORONA #corona 
apparently today is the last day for Kyuhyun to greet the fans after the musical ends due to corona virus.. it's best for everyone's health.. let's stay healthy everyone!
Corona Don finally enter Naija But seriously, are people planning to eat this 
218/ Black marketing of Corona - protective materials is strictly prohibited and DRAP is ensuring  Consumers are advised to report any violation immediately on contact numbers provided in the below public notice: 
[jj_1986_jj IG Story] 200222 #Jaejoong; Everyone please be careful of corona (COVID-19) 
There is a map of the corona virus patients in Korea and where they traveled to and what not 
Corona virus is nothing But there's a disease called send me transport Eh?! 
Eniweeizzz shoot your shot brethren.. Corona Gon wipe us out anyway.
#CoronavirusOutbreak Costa Mesa, CA has obtained a TRO preventing the 35-50 CONFIRMED CORONA VIRUS CASES IN TRAVIS AFB from being transferred to a facility in their city. The problem is that the CDC states that there are only 35 cases in all of the US. Which is it? 
This is a new low, the weemis using the corona virus to #metoo men, just because "ma phee phees" 
corona virus is nothing there is a disease called "Borrow me your phone I want to log in
Sobering thought - the term "virality" as used on the internet originated from viral diseases >> "Stunning & disturbing. Corona  to other virus outbreaks" #sars #ebola #mers #swineflu  via @novel_covid_19
Since large protest are prohibited due to outbreak of the corona virus, we sending 10 LED Truck to protest of our behalf instead #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit 
also korea is the second country that affected by corona most, how can you make a joke (?) with an epidemic that makes your people have struggle??? and the members never stop reminding us to be careful since it's a big problem/concern of everyone. unfortunately sinophobia is real
wayv being so nice to their trainer, they signed two of their albums and gave him right after their debut and cb. BUT THAT MFER TOOK A PIC OF THE SIGNED TOTM ALBUM & SAID "CORONA EVEN CAN'T STOP THEM" WTF?? how can u say this to a chinese as if they're so grateful with it?
Pee pee poo poo Corona Chan  for you, straight from Wu too
Corona Virus Update Thread: #coronavirus #covid19 China 76,290 Others 634 South Korea 346 Japan 105 Singapore 85 Hong Kong 68 Thailand 35 US 35 Taiwan 26 Malaysia 22 Italy 20 Australia 19 Iran 18 Germany 16 Vietnam 16 France 12 Macau 10  
Aye jackasses don’t let wee-man distract y’all , mfs brought corona-virus to America .
China wanted to treat South Asia as its backyard. India took the lead in evacuating its citizens and China got Bu** hurt. Even Nepali newspaper Kathmandu Post was reprimanded for questioning Corona outbreak. The only country that China can easily bully in South Asia is Pakistan.  …
Coronavirus can be passed if person shows no symptoms, study confirms. A women passed it to 5 relatives without knowing she was infected. #Corona  …
How did the corona virus get here before my  tax !?
SK Government: All mass protest are banned because of the widespread of Corona virus. ONE ITs: #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit 
Very serious! All part of God's plan during these end times, the great news is as a believers in Jesus, WE WIN! To the unbeliever ?! There's still time He's still calling! Time is running out! I see the word 'Pestilence and 'Corona  to mind! 
**Confirmed cases of Coronavirus are still 346. The 1,261 churchgoers from Shincheon-ji exhibited corona related symptoms. I'll post an update with official confirmed numbers once they're released.
why tf did wayv's trainer make that caption .... "even corona cant stop them" ?????????? it's more insensitive bc theyre ch idols....... gross gross 
My Corona LOL  …
if corona virus dont disband before an apink and a  
First the Corona virus , now THIS ?  …
When you died due to Corona virus and again born in China. 
[Breaking] The increase in coronavirus cases in SK is due to churchgoers from Shincheon-ji, Daegu. An older woman attended the church with corona symptoms and 1,261 out of 9,336 tested positive for covid19. They were not able to contact 710 others.  
All the world's a stage. Covid = Kobe in Hebrew Kobe buried in Corona del Mar. #KobeRIP #Covid_19 
I wonder how many corona virus cases NY state is hiding since they are using the 'patient privacy' law to cover it up there.
Overhead .. It’s been almost a week me and the wife are working from home due to the Corona Virus situation. I think we will kill each other before the Virus does ! @HarounRashid2
There's a Cult in South Korea spreading Corona Chan WTF
PLEASE READRETWEET Dr. Joel S. Holmes talks about the rapid and massive impact of COVID-19. It’s a Biological Warfare Weapon Bad News About Novel Corona Virus  … via @MalcolmOutLoud
Breaking news: China decided that “Novel Corona Pneumonia” will be abbreviated as "COVID-19" instead of NCP in English. This is consistent with the name of the World Health Organization.
Thread - things that have changed in China due to the Corona Virus. A lot of people have been asking about what it's like over here in Shanghai. Here's a list of the things I have noticed that have changed since the outbreak.
Corona virus can’t stop our persistence in wanting our boys back #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit @x1official101
this article about the cancellations 4th offline protest due corona virus. i’m reading  sections and found this.. “to the agencies, pls understand, fans are brave enough to gather despite concerns abt infectious diseases on a cold day. they will never give up.” 
"They were forced to cancel because of Corona. X1 fans will never give up. We gonna find a way, and we're gonna push the unit formation to the end. So, CEOs of the agencies, please make a careful choice."  
Inside Trump’s head - this is probably what he thinks the Corona virus is about. #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsARacist 
Did the deepstate just endanger every American with a pandemic over Trump derangement syndrome? Trump was told the affected American corona patients would remain in Japan in isolation. The state department changed their minds independently and never told him.  …
Corona  to other recent epidemics. 
@YouTube censoring videos on the corona virus. Tom Kawczynski: "... In the middle of my stream, [ @YouTube] kicked me from live streaming, made me sign new terms of service, and said no livestreaming was available for the next 24 hours." #covid19 #wuhan_flu
Corona chilling  – at All The Right
Here is one for you to ponder..might ye notice that Barr is drinking a Corona? 
although the protest is postponed due to corona outbreak, 10 LED trucks will be sent out for today!
Televangelist Jim Bakker’s $125 Coronavirus “Cure” - Kills/Totally Eliminates the Corona Virus in 12 hours 
My mum sent me a WhatsApp to say corona virus is in boiler chicken (?)
Corona virus looks like the belt and road, parasitic attachments everywhere @1stculturetours  …
"Kobe Bryant and his daughter Gianna quietly buried in a CORONA del Mar cemetery." Yet another mind melting coinky-dink. 
X1 unit support protest, canceled due to Corona viruses→ "we will continue any way."  …
My wife thinks Domestos will kill the corona virus.
No home, no tent, no fuel, no food, but cold and hunger, and the  closer, bombs falling, mutilating and killing. Pain and tears. Grief. And a Syrian voice: " #Corona virus must reach #Syria and eliminate all of us and end this life... this is better than 
Adopted this blind, FiIV, corona carrying kitty when he was 7. He had been returned 2 or 3 times. So grateful they returned him because this amazing love bug is mine forever. Please consider adopting a senior/special needs pet...one of my best decisions.  … 
A Corona summary thread based on information from /pol/. #coronavirus #COVID19
Though it stated that flights are suspended to Iran, a flight for Iraqi Airways arrives in Baghdad  from Tehran. #coronavirus #CoronaVirusIran #VirusCorona #VIRUS_CORONA 
With the official announcement of four cases of #coronavirus in #Iran, @WHO officials have expressed concern about the spread of corona in Iran @TedrosAdhanum said that health authorities receive information about patients in Iran, but "we need to stay in touch" 
Anyone who believes mainstream media coverage on the Corona Virus are uneducated sheep. Do your research people
I gained a furry daughter today. Meet Corona, Twitter World 
Man, what did I just read? A whole article about Khamenei's urine being a cure for the Corona virus. Been looking for 5 minutes to figure out if it's sarcastic or not. 
Limited edition KMS corona masks will be available at the Wilbur show for $49.99 plus tax. 
Good news! Basil the coastguard says that Colonel Mustard, Betty and Marjorie, stuck offshore on the pedalo for their 14 day Corona quarantine can land, on condition they take an extensive fizzical examination. 
Seeing the Corona Virus affect the FGC makes me both sad and worried. Stay safe everyone. :<
My entire feed is corona virus and some dude larping as a raccoon. Can y'all be fucking halfway normal?
MY MOM IS PARANOID BC OF CORONA AND SHE JUST SAID “w ente reem, kheffe to3beet w tebwees ma3 ref2atik l shi3a” SIS
Imagine being a healthcare worker in Iran. Denied info about Corona cases + shortage of masks, antibiotics, expertise & freedom to speak out to demand action. Public is in panic. You’ve every reason to be fearful, angry...yet you know you’re all your people have. Heartbreaking.  …
Watching this dude eat M&Ms off a bare table at the airport and now I’m no longer shocked at the rapid spread of corona virus 
' 94% of Fortune  are seeing supply chain disruptions related to the Corona virus'
Ghele l dollar 3ele unemployment rate Benzine ghele Corona in lebanon What’s next ? Jarad yousal ?
I don't have been Corona virus disease. I have been Horona virus disease. I will score a goal Trabzonspor tomorrow.
Guys plz stay safe, there might be cases of corona virus here in Kurdistan, make sure to stay clean and put on a face mask in public.
Corona we are ready 
The news, which is said to have been corona virus disease, which is told from the press, does not reflect the truth.
Corona is no joke and should not be taken as a joke...everyone should stop using public places neither eating from outside, wash hands constantly and stay away from hugging people while greeting, use hand sanitizers and masks..stay safe.
You guys know how the corona virus started? Promaja.
Has FED lost its power? Fed offered to buy treasuries from banks, but banks didn't seem to want to sell. Banks only sold $4.6 BILLION, substantially below their usual sales. Looks like the banks may reluctant to buy stocks at these lofty levels given corona-virus uncertainty  …
Thank goodness the corona virus  to London yet. Brits look the same as usual. 
Y’ALL IM INFECTED WITH THE CORONA VIRUS!! @the hospital rn starting my first treatment 
Kaduna people dressing to protect themselves against Corona Virus 
While you were obsessing over impeachment I was buying ventilator masks While you were watching the democratic debates I was buying ammo While you were making Bloomberg memes I was stockpiling toilet paper Now corona runs wild in the streets and you have the audacity  t
BREAKING: The United Arab Emirates has registered two new cases of corona virus disease. One of the cases was detected in a 34-year-old Filipino national. Story to follow. : UAE Ministry of Health and Prevention 
The global reset has officially started. Gold Standard. Digital Currencies. Stock Markets Crash. They blame Corona Virus. It's all been planned.
Canada is now facing: recession potential corona virus internal dissent massive personal debt increasing govt debt at bankruptcy levels political leadership running a parallel govt mass discontent 2020 is going to be an interesting year & folks should start to prepare now. 
Corona  to Italy/the cold killer/goals skills and highlights
This means there are hundreds of Corona cases across Europe now.  …
The only thing I'm worried about with all this talk of corona 
Stephen Miller's bride has insisted that he be quarantined alone in a sealed shipping container for their entire honeymoon; "Because of the Corona virus?" he asked, to which his new wife replied, "Sure"
First semester : Thawra Second semester : Corona
We had a meeting tonight to decide what to do about Colonel Mustard, Betty and Marjorie, stuck offshore on the pedalo, faced with a 14 day Corona quarantine. Mark Francois suggests we use the cannon to shoot fish and chips out to them but we don’t think that idea is going to fly.
Corona Virus Facts. 95% of what any Government says, is a lie. 95% of what MSM says, is a fabrication. Net, we know nothing, other than something might be very wrong, that a lot of people are working overtime to lie about.
Cause when you get cold you expect my jacket. Now I’m cold when I was prepared. I now get sick, I can only breath through one nostril, my throat Buggin, I’m hot and cold at the same time, I dunno if I caught corona virus... all because you didn’t want to wear a jacket. Smh
Corona kee you there! Is #Chloroquine you've sent her to buy 
On Corona: it seems that Covid 19 can remain infectious on surfaces for days (4-9). It is best to disinfect suspected surfaces with alcohol or diluted bleach.
Corona material don land for naija? 
Corona as a national security issue - Trump admin ignored professional advice: Diamond Princess: State Department flew coronavirus-infected Americans to the US against CDC advice - The Washington Post #corona  …
Oh boy. 19 people with Corona virus in Italy now. It is exploding here. The infected are very close to where I am staying
FYI, China, France, UK and most western countries have reported cases of corona yet you never see  being thrown at these countries  …
In this Ohio bar, patrons are more interested in Corona Extra than in the Coronavirus
corona protection 
wishing u the happiest birthday @TareckKaram ..unforgettable day..the day when corona arrived to lebanon .. @adelkaram9 
Byulharangs, this person has posted a very racist and harmful story regarding Chungha. We would like to ask everyone to report the account and story. “The corona virus is moving” (Translation courtesy of @ChunghaItalia) @ChunghaProtect  
YIKES 9 cases of Corona virus in Italy now. I am in Italy. Time to go into a bunker I guess...
Facts sheet on Corona virus. What every needs to know. #Ourhealth #PreventiveHealthCare Please 
Everyone regurgitating this audacious and vile sectarianism needs more help than any Corona virus victim. My prayers are with every Lebanese, Iranian and anyone around the world at risk; but I don’t think I can peacefully extend those prayers to your sick heads. 
I don't know about Corona virus par zindagi ne merko rona virus zaroor diya hai.
Not leb right wingers blaming Shia and Iran for Corona LMAOOOOO Wallah mentally deranged
The free world must ask more questions about #coronaviruschina truth. This indicates both Comrade Director General @DrTedros of @WHO & Emperor Corona will respond to worldwide pressure on China  clean & allow experts to visit this drop dead virus epicenter - Wuhan.  
Corona Del Mar (Calif.) defensive back will be a preferred walk-on with the Sun Devils  …
#ArizonaState lands an absolute steal in Corona Del Mar (Calif) DB Chandler  in as a PWO and was easily among the best corners I saw all season  …
Many Articles “From China” say Over 200,000 have died from Corona Virus. China would love for Trump to lose & get better deal from Dems. Deep State Will Try to make Stock Market fall & Discredit Trump. In 2019, 8000+ US citizens died from FLU in USA/ MILLIONS INFECTED.  …
Want to know the origins of the Corona virus outbreak 
Jan. 21 - #Iran Officials deny reports of the #coronavirus. Jan. 26- Officials deny reports of corona. Feb. 19 - Officials: 2 dead from corona. Feb. 20 - Iran has most corona fatalities after China. Feb. 21 - 2 Iran travelers test positive in Lebanon & Canada. You do the math. 
Been to 4 international airports within the past one week and surprisingly, I think Lagos Airport deployed the most effective measures in preventing the Corona Virus. Was impressed somewhat.
Owaisi was unable to snatch Mic from Waris Pathan because he wants - "CORONA virus ki tarah, shaheen Bagh Ka virus failta rahe, और Desh jalta rahe". @Shehzad_Ind
Phew! I’m safe! Always best when Corona is headed AWAY from you. Disaster averted. Have a Good Friday peeps. #safe #happy #corona #friday #safe #tgif #weekend 
SCARY: Fed has been indirectly buying MASSIVE amounts of stocks to pump up stocks. Now enters corona-virus with its DISASTROUS effect on Chinese economy. USA will begin feeling the pain soon. Then what does Fed do when banks no longer want to exchange treasuries for stocks?
Hmm. How does Fed pump up stock prices if banks no longer want to sell them treasuries & buy stocks with $$? (Since 9/19, Fed INDIRECTLY bought $1/2 TRILLION in stocks by buying treasuries from banks who used $$to buy stocks. Corona-virus scare may cut bank's demand for stocks
Corona symptoms, precautions and measurements Share to save lives 
Two things are infinite: Nabih Berry and the spreading of Corona Virus. And im not sure about Corona.
Celia took this piece in a really amazing direction, focusing more on the human side of the outbreak: “Love in the Time of Corona”  … via @CeliaFarber
Theory: The corona virus was bioengineered to destroy the fgc  …
TWO NEW CORONA CASES DIAGNOSED IN THE UAE
Lebanese Health minister: •She has corona but is in good health (can someone explain this to me?) • Patient arrived from Iran but leb wont stop fights from and to Iran (Iraq already did) A  technocrat and not a Hezb puppet
Can we talk about how beautiful this charity song for corona by Yixing is ?? @LayZhang #Yixing #Lay 
corona arriving to lebanon effectively ruining any chance of recovery this country still had 
Me when i heard about corona in Lebanon 
Some spooky & fun physics going on in Manitoba, Canada! The halos are from the refraction of light by ice crystals in the shape of hexagonal prisms. The diffraction corona around the moon is caused by light getting bent between super-cooled water droplets. 
#coronavirus is made in China & exported to the world. China's coverup of this drop dead virus has killed more Chinese people & earned the title of Emperor Corona's Chernobyl.  …
The Corona Virus is 100x's Deadlier in China because of Communism! The Communist Leaders have locked citizens in their homes! People do not access to Life Saving Medicine, food, Necessities, etc.. Socialism is the 1st step to Commumism! 
Corona isn’t as scary as it’s being made out to be. Stay safe and spread awareness not fear
i think its because of the corona virus, so many factories are shut down :(  … at least we got posters yaay
who has corona & wants to make out
The lebanese government calling batoul khalil to help cure the corona cases 
Yarris used to be a much smaller car than Corolla, unless it has somehow changed its form. Corolla in 1970's had replaced the bigger Corona! So now Pakistani economy will not let citizens afford a basic Toyota Corolla?  …
Corona while enterning Rafic al Hariri Airport 
It’s corona season but ok.  …
Emperor Corona won't allow his people to use this experimental medication because it is developed by two Taiwanese researchers.  …
Apparently, a Lebanese woman who just got back from Iran has the corona. Not the first disease Iran exports to Lebanon  …
Just a reminder that the Corona death toll is only  to 89% recoveries; mainly on China and mainly elders with weak immune systems. In other words, you're probably not gonna die,l even if you catch it, just stay clean. 
Corona Virus arriving to Lebanon and seeing the economic crisis  …
Descendants of Africans should be ultra sensitive in making disparaging  about the people of Chinese descent,specifically during this corona virus issue.Let's not forget we are still fighting to debunk negative beliefs held by some about our people.Just saying!
Breaking News Is racism spreading faster than the corona virus??.. In New York City, a man assaults a woman wearing a face mask, calling her a "diseased b****." On a Los Angeles subway, a man proclaims Chinese people are filthy... CNN  …
Just in: No clearance yet by Beijing yet for India's relief assistance to China to deal with Corona virus; Sources say some reluctance by the Chinese side to give clearance" which authorities in New Delhi are "unable to figure out". #WuhanCoronavirus
IRAN HEALTH MINISTRY OFFICIAL SAYS IT IS POSSIBLE THE NEW CORONA VIRUS EXISTS IN ALL IRANIAN CITIES
(+480, -3) "Respond now, despite the fact that corona is a global issue, fans have tried to protest. How long are you going to shut your mouth? Stop consumer deception. It's not over here. " #원잇은_유닛결성_절대포기안해 #Oneits_Never_Giveup_X1Unit @x1official101
It feels like the next step for markets is to give up the believe that the Corona Virus is a V-shaped recovery opportunity as it accelerates growth outside of China. Oil bound 10% in the last week or so but is rolling over. If it breaks $45, things are bad. 1/ 
For everyone concerned about all of the fun events being cancelled in Japan in order to prevent the spread of the Corona Virus; please don't worry, you can  on overcrowded trains to Work/School 5 days a week
So because one old lady refused to be tested she exposed and infected a couple hundred people to the corona virus, this the spike in South Korea. The old lady traveled many places in 2 days... 
Will corona arrive to Lebanon from Iran? Stay tuned  …
Some fun physics going on in Manitoba, Canada last week! The halos are from the refraction of light by ice crystals in the shape of hexagonal prisms. The diffraction corona around the moon is caused by light getting bent between super-cooled water droplets. Pic: Brent McKean 
Had someone in Corona Pod. 111 'taking responsibility'. No obs. People in waiting room staring at them through door. Eventually they left as they felt so abandoned. This is not what I signed up for. Someone will die. @NHSuk keep saying we are well prepared... #COVIDー19
:Mom,it was cancelled :What? :The offline protest tomorrow was cancelled :Why? :Corona's fault,this is so sad :Bi :Ya? :What do u ask every time u pray for X1? :All the best for them :Then God is still looking for when is the best time for them to return
eventhough there's no graduation this year due to corona virus outbreak, still manage to dress up for today (+ dikasih foto studio juga hihi) but still, alhamdulillah, officially master of science, cant believe i manage to survive here for 2 years!!! 
Americans are skeptic about the unity Chinese people have in each other and their trust in the govt during the corona virus crisis bc we lack unity amongst our own, and have a shared distrust in govt. Our system breeds isolation, making us cynical to unity and trust elsewhere.
"The organizer prepared a Corona virus safety strategy such as thermal camera equipment, quarantine, questionnaire preparation, temperature measurement, disinfectant use, mask distribution & emergency team which awaits on the demonstration day."  …
I think the corona virus impact on the auto sector will be much worse than many realize. My guess: March data will show Q1 global car sales dropped by 10-20%. April earnings season will dent consumer confidence. Heading for biggest annual drop in global car sales in a decade.
X1 New Group Fan Union "Protests on 22nd is cancelled due to the spread of Corona 19" "The organizer have prepared for two weeks ago & decided to hold a large-scale demonstration" Please react  to this article to show supports.  …
Telegram channel for corona virus updates. Please bookmark this and if social media is shutdown you can still use this to get updates.  …
Of the 27 FATF action points, they have rebuked us on 13. More than half the job is done. China has assured us Pakistan will be removed from grey list if we don't report Corona virus. We told 800 students in China to stay put. Allah is bigger than Corona. ~ PM Imran Khan
[ANNOUNCEMENT] PLAC by YOU showcase and talk show session on February 28 is cancelled due to corona virus outbreak.  … #WINNER #위너 #강승윤 #송민호 #YOON #MINO @official_yoon_ 
 petition to STOP YOUTUBE FROM CENSORING CORONA VIRUS blows past 15,000 signature goal in hours. I signed, please do the same and put @YouTube on  …
South Korea reports 48 more cases of novel coronavirus, total rises to 204 #COVID19 #Corona #Coronavirus  …
corona and cj are bestfriend when they're in middle school
Hang on...riddle me this. If you’ve tested POSITIVE for Corona virus while in quarantine....shouldn’t you STAY IN QUARANTINE??? Not be flown, exposing more people (cabin crew, airport, hospital staff etc) to your home states to be quarantined again?
Food delivery to corona patient at the new hospital in China.. Simply amazing and mind blowing 
Cj and corona u guys are secretly married or what
Suzuka motorsport thanksgiving festival in March has been cancelled due to Corona Virus. Hey, what's going on in Japan? Hope get well soon !!!
It's been almost a week, me and wife are working from home due to Corona Virus situation. I think we will kill each other before the Virus does ! #from fb
Oh dear, our Corona party last night did not go well. After a few too many, Colonel Mustard, Betty and Marjorie took a pedalo out to sea and now Basil the coastguard won’t let them back on shore until they  a 14 day quarantine period. 
INFO |  … Due to Corona 19, 귀환: 그날의 약속 (The Promise Of The Day) musical stages in Gimhae have been cancelled. Shows: 28th Feb - 1st March #EXO #XIUMIN @weareoneEXO
FNC did the correct decision to postpone the fanmeeting looking at the state of corona virus cases in the country, it's worrisome. I mean I'm already here in SK and even so i did expect a postponement when i heard the news
Earlier today I received two alert messages about the corona virus outbreak and maybe that’s why the government is taking serious precautions regarding this issue :(((
This is why corona hates us.
Due to corona virus outbreak in south korea, THE 4TH OFFLINE PROTEST IS CANCELLED TOMORROW. There are now 156 cases of corona virus in korea, postpone the protest is the best solution at the moment. I believe God has the best plan for X1 and One It, we can do it another time!
They cancelled the protest tomorrow due to Corona Virus Outbreak omg it's heartbreaking cz they've prepared anything ready but still safety first! Let's respect the decision  …
EVERYONE! PLEASE DON'T BLAME THE KONEITS STAFF WHO PREPARED THIS 4TH PROTEST... THE CORONA VIRUS IS SPREADING IN KOREA. SO LET'S UNDERSTAND. DON'T BLAME @/support_ourboys staff for this. We still have another chance to do this 4th protest. Don't worry and don't give up!
We organized the protest two weeks ago and decided to hold a large demonstration as the corona virus seemed to have lulled.
Tomorrow's offline protest is CANCELLED due to CORONA VIRUS. It's fine as long as everyone is safe. We still have another chance. Cheer up everyone!
Don’t you dare to blame @/support_ourboys staffs for what have happened now. This is something that we don’t expected to be happened and it’s all bcs of that BAD CORONA VIRUS
Not even top 3.... Corona virus is a loser
I read that there's already a case of corona virus in Gimpo. I don't know if Hanbin's family lives there or just lives near that area. He has a land there & their store TRY is in Gimpo too. I hope they are ok
Health and  first before anything. The protest is cancelled due to corona. It's okay. It's okay.
Got this from my friend who lives in Korea now. "Korea didn't have many corona virus cases but now it's exploded in numbers because of this crazy Christian cult. They deliberately lied to authorities and are encouraging members to lie and hide. Now the virus is spreading...
yong: be careful of corona. wear a mask. wash your hands. be careful.
Have some re-edited Corona Mark II wallpapers 
Early this year a virus known as Corona Virus broke out killing many people. Who would have thought that Chloroquine an antimalarial medication that used to itch our body back in those days will now be the cure. This life when is your turn it  to easily. #FridayThoughts
CORONA VIRUS TRACED TO THE BRITISH CROWN BILL AND MELINDA GATES NOBODY CAN ESCAPE WHAT IS COMING  … #DCQStaff #trump2020 @realDonaldTrump  @deanomight1 
Beginning to hear n read racism news toward Asians on Corona Virus COVID-19. Who ever thinks all Asians are infected with the virus you are incredibly ignorant and a  on now
I agree, Joe. I think the Corona virus story is getting my publisher to do an earlier release then April 14, 2020. PRAY BIG! I genuinely believe I am putting my life at risk with this book. Dr. Jeff Bradstreet was one of my daughter’s doctors and we know what happened to him! 
Just a reminder that YG cancelled all their bg events due to safety issues from the Corona Virus, but blackpink will still be performing for their concert. They literally give zero shts about their gg's and they aren't afraid to show it
Hi guys. Because of the spread of the Corona virus in Daegu, our final week of school is cancelled along with my graduation. I was not sure what to feel at first, but looking at all the work my kids did this year and how much I love them made me extremely sad.
For a second, I thought this was Corona rebranding and really leaning into the whole epidemic thing.  
Mfs be drinking 13 beers every night of the week and worrying about coronavirus, you worried about the wrong corona
The irony of a professor in molecular medicine having his tweet on the corona virus labeled as "dangerous misinformation". Maybe Anand should stop attending TV shows and get back to his lab. H/t @jamewils for this link:  
4 cases of corona virus accepted at Sacred Heart in Spokane Washington. My friend is a charge nurse there. Many staffers in an uproars.
It came from this article. They also said that the online sale are high because the customers prefer to buy online instead on going to stores because of Corona Virus.  …
If the chart of 10yr bond futures doesn't make you pause for thought, I don't know what will. If this flag breaks, we are in for one hell of a ride.. South Korean corona virus is up 30% in a day. Global supply chains are going to get decimated... and bonds sense even worse... 
Current status Corona in Korea: Confirmed Patient 156 Death 1 Complete cured 16 Suspected 14,660 In Inspection 2,707 Negative result 11,953  …
You are saying #CCP atheists have developed God like ability to predict the #coronaviruschina future under Emperor Corona as his China  true. I still believe only God knows the future & we can only ask questions to discover the truth.  …
The only people outside of China who are dying of the Corona Virus thing, are those  immune systems. The ones in China are dying from the bullets in their heads, which  their immune systems...
Once again, if you feel sick just stay at home and get enough rest.. If you feel like you hv similar symptoms as Corona’s, contact the hospital where your country pointed ‘em out to handle the case and not any normal hospital.. Plz don’t be selfishly stubborn, educate yourself..  …
Someone made a fuckin corona virus joke on my shop floor and I had to give a heated lecture about sinophobia and American exceptionalism and the new person hasn't barely heard me speak up until that point. Good to make a first impression lmao
Havent seen any crack heads gets corona virus not saying ima do crack but you do the math
I’m so worried about tomorrow’s offline protest regarding to the corona outbreak in SK please everyone stay safe
A big thank you goes out to Ed with the “Outer Light” channel who is consistently using his platform to talk about the corona virus and help wake people up! 
Gabe D'Arcy launches his first long ball of the year, Jump and Glenn hold Corona to one hit as @JSerraLionsBB begins the year 3-0 with two shutouts, taking down Corona 4-0. – at Corona High School
Too many starts for Price. Way too many. People love to blame Bergevin for everything from the corona virus to the blockades but they've let him off easy on one  the failure  up with a backup goalie.
if you see me at dreamhack, dont give me corona please 
Going to Have Preppernurse 1 on tonight. We are prepping and Going to have calls Asking about corona Virus. So TUNE IN. Major Cover ups now proven in China 
did they lost count on how many confirmed cases of corona there is rn in korea? i'm checking the news and all i see is that there's additional cases from other areas like daejeon, kwangju, and jeju and most are from the same cult church #31 attends
Read this tweet and you will know what i was talking about when i said we could run out of vital medicines because of the corona virus  …
Prof returns from sabbatical. This time, he's more caustic than ever....what in heaven's name is Corona aesthetics, constant lens and Yoruba engineering? 
1) I believe the impact of the Corona Virus on the economy is being greatly underestimated. I've talked with 3 founders *just this week* who’ve drastically cut their ad spend to reduce demand because of closed factories in China.
In case you don't know! This is the inventor of Corona virus that emerge in china 
Iranian Regime’s criminal cover-up about Corona virus causes public anxiety, rise in number of victims. Mrs. Rajavi calls on WHO to send supervisory and medical teams to #Iran #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Corona- Virus: I used to say: Stocks will keep flying. as long as the Fed keeps buying Changing that to: As long as people here aren't dying. Stocks will keep flying. as long as the Fed keeps buying
Please join with me: By the Power Invested in the Collective Sovereign Beings, We Command the nefarious destructive energy of the corona virus be  harmless to all of humanity, we ask this now in the Power of Jesus, it is done.
you know hearing corona virus jokes every day 5-10 times per day since 2 weeks ago just makes it extra funny i think it gets funnier every time i hear the same joke i laugh so hard at that one joke everyone makes to me every single day multiple times i love it thanks please conti
SCARY: Fed has been indirectly buying MASSIVE amounts of stocks to pump up stocks. Now enters corona-virus with its DISASTROUS effect on Chinese economy. USA will begin feeling the pain soon. Then what does Fed do when banks no longer want to exchange treasuries for stocks?
Since #Sony are the White knights of the Global workforce right now, looking out for thier Health and safety due the Corona virus, I assume all productions of the #PS5 have ceased and no longer manufacturing them Right? Did we forget about this Just saying 
CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis – 包含中文字符版本 – The UFO Spotlight On…  …
apparently there's ANOTHER outbreak of corona virus in the united states... THANK GOD i live in america...
Corona scare: No Air India flights to Hong Kong, China till June 30 
From the Bible: locusts in Eastern Africa, the Corona virus in China, rapidly spreading. God's punishing humanity cause the #Liberals pushing #Socialism/ #Communism, #Abortion,&turning their backs on Israel&the Jews. When the  we know why.  …
Do you think I'm silly for postponing the Las Vegas vacation I had planned for late April? (I was going to celebrate 1 year of boycotting, buying only necessities). Waiting for clarification on the corona-virus. I staying out of airports, planes and crowded spaces
If I was a dictator of  regime with a bio-weapon accidentally released... I would confuse the world by making up a "corona-virus" scare so that experts are chasing the normal flu virus. I would invoke the military to stop the spread and prevent a financial meltdown.
Then there's some dickhead underneath the Twitter warning saying 'there's absolutely no indication it was man made.' Riiiight. Because hyper-contagious variants of Corona with 35k of psychotic RNA payload just spontaneously evolve and then get loose on Chinese New Year.
New show with @SBF_Alameda just dropped! Whenever I speak with a team doing billions in volume and launching products like TRUMP coin...it's an epic convo. We also talk $BTC bull, Bitfinex maintenance, and being in HK during Corona outbreak. Watch here:  
Messing with the wrong pyjama's? Superwoman in pink gives zero fucks!! #covid19 #H4N1 #COVID19 #coronavirus #Corona #China #CoronaVirusUpdate #chinaflu #wuhan #wuhanflu 
So not even one African prophet has volunteered to transport our chloroquine abroad and assist corona virus in China. 
What happened within a short period of time after #HongKong protestors gathered peacefully, sang the American Star Spangled Banner, waved American flags, showed support for Trump, prayed together & sang the song , "Sing Alleluia to the Lord"? Corona Virus was unleashed. Planned.
A video from inside Kamkar Hospital in the N city of Qom, where 2 deaths due to #COVID19 have been reported, shows the hospital staff with no corona virus protection equipment. 
The Corona virus is no joke. Kinda like the Frenzy Virus, but we don't have IRL Nulberries.  …
Kuwait Airways suspends all flights to Iran airports due to fears of the spread of Corona  …
KOSE NANEYE CORONA, I WANNA HUG YOU.
Anyone else sick of seeing fake news lie about Tom Cotton? He's right about the origins of the corona-virus. He's right about Wuhan's Level 4 Bio-Lab. Fake news has gathered up to condemn him. Proof he is telling the truth is right here  …
#NoVote4Terrorists is trending now. Plz join us. We Iranians boicott the sham election tomorrow. 1500 dead Nov protests 176 dead Ukranian plane Now the spread of Corona virus bc the regime is friend w. chinese authorities.Election in Iran is a fraud. Iran is occupied by Mullahs.
i’m at work and a 6 year old Chinese girl looked at me and told me she wasn’t sick, i said okay bby i know, she said people think i’m sick because my eyes. literally broke my heart, she’s six years old and getting shamed because of the “corona virus”
The Louis Armstrong House Museum in Corona, Queens, is a preserved-in-amber gem. If you can't get there, this @tmagazine piece is the next best thing  
Wakili, if you could be conned that easily I wonder if you can understand anything about Corona Virus. Concern yourself in learning ways to avoid being conned.  …
Now that you have followed back... Has Corona virus catch you???
Having my first Corona as a graduate, yho ayehla kamnandi
China developed 'CoVid19' the Corona Virus at it's Wuhan Biological Lab. It was Specifically Engineered and Developed to be used as an Offensive Weapon for the Extermination of Humans. This Did Not Evolve In Nature! CONGRESS: #HoldChinaAccountable  …
This Corona virus does sounds scary! But don't worry everyone, She'll be just fine 
in the 3rd offer, banks only wanted to exchange another $4 BILLION in treasuries for stocks (Total of $70 BILLION for day). Maybe banks are getting a little hesitant to exchange treasuries for stocks, given stocks are at record highs & the corona-virus adds so much uncertainty.  …
coughed on the train and somebody got up and moved. honey if i’ve got the corona virus then you’re going down with me.
I know that markets are worried about the corona virus and whatnot, but I wonder how much of today’s drop is due to one of our major parties booing capitalism and wanting to give us a stiff push 
Footage from inside Kamkar Hospital in the N city of Qom, #Iran where the first cases of deaths from the #coronavirus were reported by the regime. The video was posted by a semi-official Telegram channel. This hospital has been quarantined for patients with corona. 
 …. Anyone who thinks that 5g & Corona outbreak aren’t related, has more studying to do....
Parang obviously kc same cla ng flowers at candle holder at ang plate ay my design ng corona..tlaga naman #PeopleOfTheYearxKATHRYN
Matthew 24:8 All this is but the beginning of the birth pangs [of the intolerable anguish]. This scripture has been fulfilled in our eyes.DISTRESS &TROUBLE has hit the earth 1 The locusts invasion 2 The corona virus 3 The wars Let us repent &be holy #ThisHeavenlyConversation
China is not transparent about Corona virus. I don't trust their official numbers. As far as I know, thousands of people lost their lives and hundreds of thousands are waiting their final breath.
Serious Question: Y’all Ate Chinese Food Since This Corona Thing
When a stammerer wants to give a testimony about his corolla that was stolen but found. Tha Tha than thank God for for, for life I, I, I have a co, Co, coro, coro, ro Somebody from the back : Corona virus? Church members.  …
ME Respiratory Syndrome/Corona Virus didn't get that much attention when this was published. Now there are 2 reported deaths in Iran & the government is going crazy! You mean to tell me that people haven't been dying all along? 
Sweet fancy Moses! Every time I think Brookings China can't outdo themselves they do. Trump administration is abdicating leadership by telling Americans not to go to China and not solving corona. I guess when you partner with Chinese intelligence recruitment this is what you get  …
It sounds like, another #Genocide is going on ! & #Germany, #France, #England & #Canada have got another bloody silence like always. Our Protesters in the #IslamicRepublic prisons are in danger. The corona virus  to the #Iran & #IR doesn't care. #Prisoners_Need_Help
It has just been discovered that CHLOROQUINE cures Corona virus. No wonder why no African died of it. Chemist guys use to give us that drug like chocolate for any temperature kind of sickness while growing up. I think chloroquine is still active in our system.
How can a liar fight corruption? The chairman of the @officialEFCC released a statement denying he said corona virus is caused by corruption. But video emerged showing he lied. That alone proves he is not a man of fit character. In saner climes, he would resign! #BuhariTormentor
perhaps more excited to get drunk in the airport at 6:45 a.m. than i am for my actual trip to chicago next month. what can i say. nothing like cracking open a cold one with the boys (other mentally ill people drinking a corona before sunrise at the philadelphia airport)
The jazz musician #LouisArmstrong’s miraculously preserved house in Corona, Queens, is a testament to his — and midcentury design’s — legacy  
Now we just need someone with the corona virus to take one for the team and cough all over Katie Hopkins x  …
Great job by our students of cheering our boys basketball team on to a victory over Corona del Sol last night. Lets fill the Skyline Gym on Saturday at 7PM for our game against Perry. 
#Chinese #Resident On #CoronaVirus #Lockdown Finds #CreativeWay To #Walk #Dog From #Balcony #Chinese #Government Has #Ordered #Citizens To #StayInside Their #Homes To #Protect Them From The #Corona #Virus  … 
corona drip 
Corona virus spotted: 
I’m starting to feel better y’all, we don’t have to fight anyone today. Also, the secret to beating the corona virus is Açaí Bowls and GFUEL on the third day of fever.
So my final year project I’m modeling the outbreak of corona virus.. my God
Corona-panic strikes on a Japanese train. 
What are feminists doing about corona virus? They’ve been eerily silent and it says a lot about them
When Chinese supplier for armored vehicles was told by soldiers to get into one so they shoot at it to confirm if it’s perfect, he refused. They sold to Kenya equipment for corona and when Kenya same to them they refused. And you think Kenya will contain Coronavirus? Keep joking 
"Corona is the foe. You and I are bros. No discrimination, I'm not virus." African students in Shandong, China create a music video to express their best wishes for China amid the #coronavirus outbreak. 
A new low for greedy universities: ‘Outrageous way Australian University is getting around Corona Virus Ban’ For a short term gain, they’re prepared to put the entire population at risk.  …
Dollar Roars, Futures Slide On Surge In New Virus Corona Cases In Japan, South Korea  …
Chloroquine feeling like a don right now after it has been confirmed fit  Corona virus Chloroquine: 
Forget Chloroquine || iPhone 6 || Chris Brown || Innoson || Corona || #madeinlagos Can't laugh alone!! . What did she 
#UPDATE Qazvin, NW #Iran -Report claims two patients with symptoms similar to #COVID19 were transferred to the city's Boali Hospital. -Facility is not quarantined & staff are not taking safety measures. -Report: Nine corona deaths in Kamkar Hospital of Qom, central Iran 
Please don't watch this. It's for your own good Retweet if you watched it #madeinlagos Chloroquine Saraki iPhone 6 Corona Chris Brown Buhari 
RedBubble takes down my Corona Chan drawing of "innapropiate content" and warns me i could be banned. The fucking state of the west regarding drawings. If it's not outrage because of "sexy" is some offense at humor. 
Government have told us to stop eating raw meat because of corona virus, so you wolfs and tigers should please sterilizer, wash and boil that before you consume it 
Now I know why Corona Virus was unable to infiltrate Africa, we that we take Chloroquine even in our sleep Lol the way I used Chloroquine growing up ehn, and my mum was always ready wit calamine lotion incase of reaction #AwonTachaGeng
No new Agency created to cater for the uneducated. No new Agency created for the many Corp members, that pass out into a Jobless economy. No new Agency created for Public Health/ Global health challenges in lieu of Corona virus. But let's create one for Ex-terrorist. Shame.  …
Chloroquine chasing out Corona virus out of the world like 
Today's Show 9amEASTERN: #DemDebate highlights (lowlights?) After #Bloomberg steps from behind the curtain, we learn WHY he was avoiding debates #RogerStone sentence #Coronavirus ravages South Korean town as UNC Chapel Hill research surfaces on corona/bat DNA chimera
haven’t been out much because we’re kind of stuck in our orientation venue due to the corona virus but i got to take some pics omw to a cafe and a convenience store 
I didn’t believe the Corona virus Wuhan-400 conspiracy theories at first so i had to find the book and look through it myself...WTF It actually says China will use biological warfare the Wuhan-400 virus and even has the details of its nature...This was published in 1981 RT!!! 
They just found that Chloroquine cures Corona virus. Now it makes sense y no African died of it. African doctors used to give us that drug like candy for any type of sickness while growing up. If u search a typical African systems, u'd still find remnants of the drug inside
The same Chloroquine that my mom would give me & my siblings for fatigue, headache, fever and majorly Malaria. Never knew she was tryna prevent Corona Virus all along
Just as Chloroquine cures Corona Virus, there's also a cure for poverty. Remember that there's never a bad time to save and invest for the long term. Invest for the future today!!! 
There’s no way Corona Virus is getting near us in Africa. We used a lot of Chloroquine tablets while growing up even though we hated the aftermath (itchy body). Now we can’t hate our African mothers for it, can we?
After Chinese doctors discovered Chloroquine can heal corona virus patients, watch Chloroquine starts saying “no one paved way for me.”
It has been announced on The Rose their official fancafe that  will be postponed due to the Corona Virus outbreak. We'll continue our hashtag project, however we'll most likely have to edit the schedule and extend the project. Hopefully we'll know more soon. -  …
thought corona was almost gone in korea....it was being controlled so well....until
How much did they pay him to go and play with corona virus damn  …
JUST THINKING LOUD : If corruption is the cause of Corona Virus, Chloroquine should be able to cure corruption then? Eureka! Magu must hear this.
DONE DEAL: Daniel Carriço has joined Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall FC from Sevilla. Think someone needs to tell him about the Corona Virus. 
Do you know why Nigerians in China never contracted Corona Virus? The amount of Chloroquine we still have in our system was enough to fight it.
Bhai pehle Corona se lad le phir bakwas kariyo. 5 million people have died due to it and many more infected  …
Is the  government culling dissidents and using the Corona virus as cover? Could the 5g system installed in Wuhan be causing flu like symptoms? People need to start paying attention. The 5g system is a weapon just waiting to be utilised by the psychos in charge
So yesterday i confirmed that my village people graduated from Cambridge & Harvard because Chloroquine is the cure for Corona virus & I am allergic to it. So what will now happen if Corona VIRUS reach my side?
Rwanda’s Minister of Health lied to @PaulKagame about Corona Virus kits, he fired her Justice Minister parked his car at the wrong place & refused to obey a security guard. Kagame fired him Education minister took a US$500 bribe. He was fired.  …
After discovering chloroquine cures corona virus Me: I need one sachet of chloroquine Seller: 75000 Me: 
[Breaking] South Korea reports 1st death from coronavirus #COVID19 #Corona  …
BREAKING: Chloroquine has been discovered to be an anti-viral drug for the Corona virus. Patients have been responding well to it. I suggest they also check people with AS genotype, i can bet they are immune. This is why most of South America and Africa are mostly unaffected  …
SK now has 104 patients infected with the corona virus... the country is now in second place... all because of that one lady
So Chloroquine is the antidote for corona?? Wonderful.
Warning-might be disturbing for some ppl There are unconfirmed reports that Haj Hossein Molaie was one of the patients that passed away due to the #coronavirus in #Iran. His brother said he was only tested for corona after a week. He said he got the virus from ppl on the streets. 
Chloroquine distributors in Nigeria after their first shipment abroad  the corona virus: 
Who knows if it’s Flagyl that would cure HIV since Chloroquine is gonna cure corona virus 
Hustle o make one street rat  make you a slave to the booty...not even original nyash like Tacha own but nyash wey get Corona virus She better  infect our Gh men o Smbody's child has been in bondage! Tueh #AwonTachaGeng #AwonTachaGeng 
I still have nightmares from how bitter and potent Chloroquine was. That drug will legit shake your core and vibrate the malaria parasite out of your body in 48 hours. Corona stood no chance.
Lol. It has been revealed that Chloroquine cures Corona virus and now It all makes sense why no African died of the disease. Nigerian hospitals used to give us that drug like candy, growing up. If you search our systems, I'm sure you'd still find remnants of the drug inside.
Everybody thank Corona-chan for her hard work in reducing carbon emissions.  …
Alcohol ain't the problem, the problem is the people that abuse alcohol.. some of us only drink alcohol not mix with drugs and only thing we regret after is the hangover coz we can handle our liquor. U mix alcohol and drugs offcoz u will misbehave, Corona ain't no problem 
Seems Africa has something the virus can't stand, I love it and wish the patient the best. End of Corona virus attempt at entering Africa  …
There is a message going around on WhatsApp that we shd start storing Garlic because it's a cure for Corona virus? It says to take it morning, noon & night. Even babies are not spared. This is reminiscent of the drink salt water to avoid Ebola hoax that killed people. Be Careful!
Nice, Japanese people don’t get corona virus. God damn I know I meme the fuck out of Japanese people and their pride but this takes the cake ahaha. Get off your high horse and realize you’re only human Lmao Or ima have to make a tiktok about you  …
Under what law can a state disown its citizens who want to be repatriated home? What good is the healthcare infrastructure that cannot provide quarantine facilities to ensure the Corona Virus does not spread from any repatriated student in China. __________ 
Chloroquine that was banned in Nigeria has proved to be anti-viral drug for Corona Virus after showing promising results in trials across 10 hospitals. Who would've thought Chloroquine?
Everyone, please  MISSOURI STATE to the 2020 “hiv-sars-corona virus” hunger games!!! May the odds... be ever in favor!!  …
#Breaking 800 workers at Korea chipmaker Hynix quarantined. This is the world #2 memory chipmaker Talk about supply chain disruption for electronics by the corona virus 
Corona Virus is really dangerous and infecting many. Please, do your part and help anyone who may have forgotten their masks. 
Buhari & Friends Starring : ^CJN Tanko- The Aeroplane driver with Technicalities ^Magu- Corruption the cause of Corona Virus ^Keyamo -Use Illegality to check legality ^Garba Shehu - Boko Haram the Bandits ^Adewole : Some doctors should  farmers Same DNA .
They are the only squad that can stop CORONA virus 
Good thing @MSNBC there aren’t any decisions for the president to consider about the US presence in Iraq and Afghanistan and Syria; US relations with Venezuela, Iran, Israel, Turkey and NATO; the disaster called Libya; counterinsurgency in the Sahel; containing the Corona Virus.
Thoughts and prayers to Coach K whose about  down a. A acute case of the corona virus untilll the ACC tournament
Thanks @GenG for the new merch! Check out our new 2020 apparel at  . All proceeds from now until the end of March will go towards supporting victims of the corona virus. 
Just keep telling yourself it’s going to be ok & markets will keep going up,don’t worry about; -Corona Virus -China printing crazy amounts of money to support markets. -USA printing unprecedented amounts of money -a possibility that Bernie is next -0% interest worldwide
YouTube demonetized #TechTalk v2.0 for talking about #coronavirus then proceeds to put a giant link to the info on Corona Virus under our video. I’m actually glad they did this but I’m still confused why they would demonetize people talking about a legit health issue 
Market movement since the news hits: crude prices moved downward & also other stuff too like iron ore Why? Big customers getting infected by the corona virus & that has downward implication for demand. 
I seen my G @DonAliDey post a chapter out this book which was written in 1981 & predicted the Corona Virus in a “Wuhan Lab that would release in 2020, we in the Quantum Realm.. Simulation training 
so 16/16 corona virus patients in vietnam (15 adults and 1 baby) fully recovered!! no new case has been confirmed since Feb 13  …
It is said that a person infected with corona was confirmed in Fukuoka... YG, please respond as soon as soon as possible. Are you going to have a concert? I am very uneasy
Sony not going to PAX due to corona virus COVID-19 feels a bit like that time I got in trouble at my retail job for jokingly putting "asbestos-free" on an article description card and causing my boss to deal with customers asking what levels of asbestos were  articles
#coronavirus People wearing protective suit now die! Corona virus will kill you no matter what you wear now. If you cover your face and eyes you will still die. medics working with COVID-19 infections risk inevitably getting the virus too - even with special high protective 
Gonna be floating around PAX east probably Friday and Saturday if anyone is down to smash tongues and snort some corona virus
82 cases of Corona in Korea? omg today is offline protest tho huhu hope they're okay please wear mask & stay warm  …
Yixing will release his charity song “会好的” (It Will Be Fine), in order to support those fighting against the corona virus outbreak, today at 11AM KST! Please support it and let’s send our wishes to everyone who’s been staying strong!! #LayNewCharitySong 
Btw, Sydney Airport warns on corona virus as annual profit drops -42%. Quantas said it will cut 16% capacity in Asia until end of May. Global tourism is taking a hit & thus all sectors related to this.
#BREAKING: According to Pyongyang Times, DPRK scientists have developed a PIDOLIC acid cold gel that is efficacious for the prevention and early treatment of respiratory diseases such as influenza, bird flu and #COVID2019. #Corona,  
I really don’t understand the racism and ignorance here in Arizona. My homie just sneezed and some white trash said “you just gave me the corona virus.” Then he tries to apologize when he saw we don’t play that shit
South Korea reports 31 new cases of coronavirus, total now at 82 #COVID2019 #Corona  …
#GodMorningThursday Their is place when we don't die We were living that place where no birth no death Yes that place "Satlok SantRampalJi Can help you to reach their if we believe on him #Corona Jesus Muslim beef Shut Freedom Correct 
Father, Please keep the Corona Virus off of our shores. Have mercy on the people who have contracted the virus. Please heal, save and deliver. Thou art the Great Physician. Our hope is in Thee. We give Thee thanks and praise, in Jesus name, Amen.
I wish the corona virus was giving out cornas
BREAKING NEWS Chinese doctors have discovered an unexplained attraction between women afflicted with Lymes Disease and men infected with the Corona virus.
Prediction, when corona takes hold in us it will be grouped around these distribution , I mean quarantine stations. 
2 ppl died of Corona virus today in the big religious city of #Qom. Situation seems critical when the regime has sent out strange looking vehicles into the city to quarantine some area/ppl according to the sender of video from Qom. God help them 
Business in Chinatown has dropped by 50% but there is not one case of the Corona virus in NYC.
. @Soraalam1 and @thegamersjoint when they are the only X-Keepers that don't have to be careful of the Corona Virus next weekend  …
Chinese Doctors dealing with Corona Virus Vs Zim Doctors... ....Hanzi we are prepared 
Don't be surprised if Labor supporters wear Hawaiian shirts next polling day - QTIC wrote to PM requesting special assistance - Morrison - former CEO of Tourism Aust says he didn't get the letter?!! Corona virus impact worse than GFC. Even Sky News turning on  …
Corona virus renamed and 5 more HONEST updates that I think you should know.  #alertnotanxious 
 from #Iran that people have died from Corona virus infection in Qom. The Islamic Regime instead of putting a medical crisis plan in place is deploying anti-riot vehicles in the streets. #41YearsOfMisery. 
NEW WTF SHOW> CORONA VURUS BIOWEAPON, MCCABE, GENERAL FLYNN & ROGER STONE -  
Breaking: Washington State Department of Health "779 People being monitored for exposure to Corona Virus" I have text messages 3 months ago begging 2 "Trusted Reporters" run my book, Warnings, #AI simulations show world in Danger. "No"  … 
The corona virus reached the United States.. good thing I live in America lol
If your identity revolves around flesh of animals, if you indulge in politics of meat, then you are a wicked coward. Can political parties not find better use of their workers and funds? Repairing roads? Planting trees? Volunteering in hospitals? Enjoy the Corona BTW.  …
Please keep those affected by the corona virus in your thoughts and prayers. The situation is getting worse and so far there is no cure. Lots of lives are in danger and many have already been lost.
Just seen on Tinder... Man with Corona Virus Seeks a relationship with Lady must have Lyme diesase.
Stop with the propaganda, these people aren't properly dressed to treat corona virus. Those bald heads in the open, those formal trousers will be handled home, those formal shoes will be stepping everywhere not to mention the other one is holding a phone. Hayii itai serious mhani
Pallaso's state and the Corona virus have been a lesson to many, never feel sweet on people you left home just because you're flying to another country
It’s just sex. A lot like coughing, it doesn’t mean I have corona
Yet almost if not every African hasn't banned people from going to  from China. Just another health disaster waiting to happen. Africa can't contain corona virus but our leaders are busy with useless SONAs
If I did a quick crowdfunding to raise $1000 for @MaryamHenein and I to continue digging and producing original content on “hiv-sars-corona virus”, would you support it?
This reply got deleted, but screenshots are forever: “Go go eat Jachnun you humiliated yemenite, go scrub for another Ashkenazi you sorry floor rag Zionist. All ashkenazim Corona (the virus)! You dog (said in Arabic kalb).” Then you wonder why I won’t be silent. 
This is the best corona PR pitch I've received in a while 
I'm heartbroken to hear I lost yet another friend and fellow lady size artist... If you haven't heard the horrible news, Giantess Vivian, a super sweet lady who liked size smut and was an amazing fucking artist, passed away Monday from corona virus. 
Incredible "eye in the sky" moon haloes, corona shine above Manitoba  …
China sends SOS to Vatican to send those pastors who roam in Africa Asia India for religious conversion stating they cure illness , to visit China and cure Corona Virus ... All disappeared Lol
Just got asked to promote a Corona Virus mask for 18k THEY MAKING MONEY OF THIS NOW!!!!
This is the Team of Zimbabwean Medical Scientists who performed the first Corona virus test at the National Microbiology Reference Laboratory situated at the Sally Mugabe Central Hospital, which tested negative 
Unconfirmed reports indicate the “hiv-sars-corona virus” was a bioweapon made by China to be used against Japan. Reports that Japan can’t contain the virus is alarming... as is this  …
Corona Virus in Streatham (SW London) ??? 
It's Not Looking Like [They] Want You Talking About The [Fake] CoronA Virus .. TIK TOK TIK TOK *+*  
Magu don kill person. Imagine saying corona virus is caused by corruption. 
But why not with corona, since we have 'corona virus ' black label is my thing bru!! 
Observation: I have never seen such idiots in #Zimbabwe. Who visits a suspected corona virus patient without protective clothing? 
Paging all epidemiologists and armchair crisis management experts. What are the lessons to be learned from Japan's handling of the Corona Virus outbreak on the #DiamondPrincess? What did they do right? What did they do wrong? How will it end? Links 
Check out the video I did on corona virus with  …
Restocks of pins, once they sell out, might take a bit longer than usual, due to overseas manufacturing delays due to the ongoing corona virus outbreak. We will keep you posted, as always!
Corona Virus fell off
Suspected Corona Virus patient certified negative. 
Please  CALIFORNIA STATE to the 2020 “hiv-sars-corona virus” hunger games. The bad joke without a punchline known as the CDC knowingly brought the disease here. Now it’s out of spreading! 5,400 being monitored! California, may the odds be ever in your favor!!  …
China makes:- 90% of the world's  sold each year. 70% of the 200,00,00,000 phones sold in the world each year. 80% of the 11,00,00,000 air conditioners sold in the world each year. Imagine the plight of global dealers and retailers after Corona Virus.
Yeah I got the Corona Virus: Can someOne R O N PleAse let me fuck, please anyone
I feel it in the air, no Corona Just bars from this Album-GoGetter  …
Lots of  in to us who have travelled abroad concerned that they may have corona virus We need to get the message out If you are concerned CALL US but please don’t make an appointment And remember YOURE FAR MORE LIKELY TO GET THE FLU SO *GET THE FLU VACCINE* 
Idk just think it’d be cool to have another cinema theory soon since 2018/02/29 teaser was for the first cinema theory teaser, but the 29th actually exists in 2020.... soooo. Online cinema theory plz cuz corona.
China accounts for 70% of Asian bond issuances. But since Corona Virus in China,  have  hot for global investors. In just 2 weeks,  received bids for $11 billion in the Dollar bond market, while they had lined up for just $1.55 bn issues.
Anti HK gang's logic #UnitedByAsim This spread Then what this Love Spread!!!!!! Corona??? 
International media be like "a Corona virus case has been reported in Kenya" 
I know most of exols probably won't even care but yixing is releasing a song tomorrow which was created in collaboration with xbacks. Even the album art is designed by a fan to support those fighting against the corona virus outbreak so please support it! 
So Corona Virus was planned we are living in a world of series unknowingly 
Apple expresses its concern about continuing to manufacture goods with China due to Corona virus. I'm sure Modi is eyeing this as an opportunity to entice them here. The meet with Trump could materialize this shift (I hope).
Vietnam has repatriated every Vietnamese national with Corona virus, as of today every Vietnamese Corona patient and every foreign Corona patient in Vietnam has been treated and discharged. Zero deaths and zero active cases. If this holds for 2 weeks Vietnam will be on a streak:
If one person from tuks gets the corona virus we’re all gonna be screwed because of the fingerprint scanners
If millions of people in Africa suddenly start dying off from other bio weapons, they can now just blame it on the corona virus, right?  …
 bacc mad asfucc after i let da corona virus catch me laccin 
2020 is the one of the worst years I’ve experienced •WW3 talks •Corona virus •Kobe and Gigi died •Pop Smoke died •Personal shit Fuck this I’m skipping to 2021 
Imagine corona wipes out everyone apart from Africans Nesoose enyumba ya bill gates
Shoutout to those clapping in the corruption vs corona virus video. They’re the real mvp 
Boris, please remember the horrific things the Chinese do whilst giving them aid to fight the corona virus. Yes I believe in fighting the virus now rather than later. When will the Chinese pass laws against animal torture? 
The government is hiding from us that corona virus has arrived in RSA 
#tarotsupercard update: the printing factory had to shut down due to Corona Virus and put production about a month behind. They just re-opened this week so I’m hoping to have orders ready to ship in early May if everything stays on schedule! Thanks for your support and patience
Dept. of Expenditure vide its O.M. dated 19.2.2020 has advised Ministries, disruption of supply chain due to spread of Corona Virus in China or any other country would be considered as a case of natural calamitiy and Force Majeure Clause may be invoked in appropriate cases (2/2)
For our EU Invasion Taskforce training, Mark Francois is insisting we all catch the Corona Virus to show those forriners that we are an unstoppable fighting force. He will get some from the off-licence tonight. He’ll pick up some nibbles too and we can have a Corona party.
Twotuckgom postponing the fansign event after fan showing their concern on corona virus outbreak. They have responded well and fast not like others  which is good. They did listen to their consumer voices.  …
Rough translation, The schedule was initially announced on the day before Corona virus outbreak and they will rearrange and reschedule it again for safety purposes. They promise to put Monsta X and monbebes' safety as priority.
This Corona Virus is messing with our projections and manufacturing lead times.  …
Students, who were air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation, are full of praise for the Modi Government, This is the slap on those faces who are making kids abuse Modi & Shah in Shaheen bagh. 
Russian is a first world country. Russia authorities banned any Chinese from entering China . This is because they are not prepared to curb Corona virus. Kenya is a third world country and its very ready to deal with any Corona virus. Nani alituroga?
IMAGINE; The Chinese Even Believed Corruption is The Cause of The Corona Virus. So The EFCC BOSS Did His Research and Spoke Truth With Facts and He We Are Making Mockery of Our Collective Certificates. WE CAN'T DO WELL With This Mentality. Thank You Ibrahim Abu. WE NO WAN WELL!
Corona is a new contagious virus that infects both humans and animals. Signs and Symptoms: Fever Cough Shortness of Breath 
An Important message guys eish on This Corona Virus from the CHINA Embassy in Pretoria,EISH Its bad, RT for Awareness. @PrinceKBDube Thusa hle abuti 
What if the Corona Virus is a genetically modified virus that is aimed at reducing the Chinese population and prevent overpopulation?
#BREAKING Initial tests confirm two cases of the Corona virus in the city of Qom, central #Iran. The regime has been keeping a lid on all reports of Corona cases in Iran, fearing concerns will prevent people from taking part in Friday's parliamentary elections. 
THE EFCC BOSS; Misspoke. This is What You See With Politicians and Public Office Holders Worldwide. What The EFCC Statement Tried Doing Was Make Clear What The Chairman Was TRYING to Say Which is That 'CORRUPTION is Deadlier Than Any Known Disease Including Corona Virus'...
Treating Corona virus with traditional Chinese medicine? What could possibly go wrong..  …
If you were wondering if South Africa is taking the Corona Virus seriously, let me assure you that they are. Our flight from Singapore stopped in Johannesburg where every person was temperature checked by two seperate machines before anyone was allowed to disembark. 
If you want to financially support the fight against the corona virus & have been looking for esports merch to purchase, Gen.G/Seoul Dynasty will give 100% of the proceeds they get from tickets, merch and in-game skins towards fighting the virus up until March.  …
Ananya Pandey is spreading faster than Corona Virus.  …
burberry is not inviting their workers from asia & asian celebrities because of the corona virus .... one of the biggest brands in the world is adding even more xenophobic stigma against asians. this is disgusting & must be spoken up about 
Apparently a book written in 1981 predicted the corona virus...Coincidence or what? 
The book was written in 1981... It referred to the current Corona virus case... Should I call it a coincidence or prediction.. Cos it's so apt.. Coronavirus 
My new video was confirmed a big no-no for advertisers because Corona-chan is too spicy for YT I guess, so if u riked it, consider sharing~ I'm really close to 100k - let's see if we can get there! 
Raw Video: An angry Chinese woman talks about how  party has failed the people over the Corona Virus response. CHINESE WOMAN ANGRY at Government for not Protecting the People.  …
Unfortunately "Appropriate Response" is a victim of the Corona virus since a few letters died in a power accident and the replacement parts are currently in quarantine. 
Is it just me, or does a throat infection + flu lead to a minor panic attack about corona/dengue etc, for everyone nowadays?
Wuhan whistle blower risks her life exposing China's real motivation behind the Corona Virus; to silence its protesters by quarantining and killing its uninfected dissidents !!! 
Not even a single pastor is going to China to cure Corona virus? 
Corona Virus was predicted in 2005 by Dean Koontz in his book "The Eyes of Darkness." 
Yesterday IMF reduced Nigeria's GDP estimates for 2020 from 2.5% to 2% Nobody is fucking bothered You people had high standards for GEJ tho But Buhari and Co keep entertaining you people with performative stupidity like blaming Corona Virus on corruption Let us be all be mad.
You can judge the direction of a nation by the lies their leaders deny on TV EFCC denying Magu blamed Corona Virus on corruption Lai Mohamed saying he has never heard about Social Media Bill It should not surprise you, Next Level has no direction we have been reduced to this
This is a great video Corona Virus End Games ~ The Biggest Short ~ "It's the Economy Stupid !!!"  via @YouTube
Nigeria and Nigerians in the hands of Buhari & Co The EFCC Magu : corruption is the main cause of Corona Virus Lai : I'm not aware of any Social Media Bill in Nigeria Fashola : I never said we'll fix power within 6 months Maybe CONFUSION is the National ID of this govt
I wonder y d 500 million gov Wike gave to mr odili for his private university 4 days after mrs odili gave judgement in Favour of his party d pdp in Bayelsa is not trending but magus corona virus gaffe! I just wonder!
We are so incredibly prepared that yesterday we  with the person in the Corona Pod (sounds like a festival beer tent) so we put messages on paper under the door. #nhs
shatta wale and dj vyrusky vibe on #Afrodance is infectious like the corona virus , visuals damn for my eyes only #Afrodance#Afrodance 
Jay Hind Dosto corona ki switch on kr du? 
Another Chinese quarantined in nakirutover Corona Virus fears this after the Kitui incident, why is Kenya allowing Chinese to keep getting into the country while able countries like Russia have banned. Stop playing with fire coz once it’s confirmed watu watakufa kama mbwa.
In case corona virus hits Kenya, we will deal with it the same way we deal with all tragedies. We will: 1. Pray 2. Set up PayBill numbers 3. Fund funerals for the dead 4. Organize a national prayer day 5. Invite "experts" on TV to talk about it 6. Move on! #coronaviruskenya
 and I'll shoot my shot cause the corona virus shit is just scary.
Actually read the oped: it is filled with pedestrian observations about how corona will put pressure on China's economy. That's it. Then look up the "sick man" claim: this phrase is  used about really almost every country. Publications used it recently about the US.  …
Floods and the Corona virus but still no govt appearance.The BBC particularly #r4today should be putting the same resources and energy  they used to smear Corbyn daily to force this rancid Tory shower to appear and answer. They don’t even mention they  Poor.
When you sneezed three times in a row and people say "get out with your Corona virus" instead of bless you  …
HELLO WORLD CAN I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION The Bill & Melinda gates foundation had scientists do a simulation on the corona virus 3 months ago and it's estimated to cause 65million deaths worldwide. We only heard about the virus this month and it's killed over a hundred pple  – at Arthur Mbanefo Medical Research Centre
Doctors at Karachi airport giving Release orders to Corona Virus Infected patients from China, in exchange of bribes. 
Corona Virus is caused by corruption - Magu. Magu is not fit to be an admin of a WhatsApp group, not to mention a sensitive agency like EFCC. Everything APC touches turn to dust.
Everything about corona virus myths everyone, watch it.  …
I think everyone should be worried on how we are prepared as a country to fight Corona virus. The government seems not to be serious about this matter. 
SBS concert in Daegu (with SF9 on performer list) will be postponed until further notice following a new confirmed cases of Corona virus (15 confirmed patients from Daegu)  …
JUBILEE GOVERNMENT NOW FIGHTING CORONA VIRUS AFTER LETTING CHINESE IN... 
They are telling us that all systems are in place to deal with corona virus. This same government that can't deal with a bunch of locusts. Haha acha tucheke tukingoja kifo.
Cured Chinese Corona Virus Patient leaves Sri Lanka Hospital,  by Sri Lankan Health Minister  …
Hio death toll ya corona (2000 so far) mnaona kama ni legit ama the number could be higher than what China is telling us? 
#coronaviruskenya #COVID19 Stop killing animals and eating meat. All creatures is only on given by God and its there territory. God never told to eat meat than why are not following order of the God. @SaintRampalJiM - Saint Rampal Ji maharaj China Corona 
IGP Idris :Transmission-transmission Mr.Magu: Corona Strategy/ causalities Major General Buhari has a totally terrific team. No wonder they excelling in discharging their duties. Sai Baba!
Corona Virus Comment:Mr. Ibrahim Magu should not be a JSS1 class monitor let alone head of a serious body like #EFCC. We’re better than this!
As we deal with corona virus, some in the Chinese-Aust & broader  are suffering, with reports of racism & people staying away from restaurants. I joined some friends from local Chinese &  today to show solidarity against racism. 
What happened to "we are suspending all flights from China" What happened to "All people from affected areas will be quarantined for 14 days"? What does the government really says and actually does?? seriously Kama hatuezi control locust Corona virus itakuaje? 
This should be our prayers this morning forget Olamide , EFCC , Corona virus , Bolanle Messi or anything trending 
World is suffering from Corona Virus But Sidhearts are suffering from #SidharthShuklaFever 
Boys Basketball (CIF Playoffs): Harvard-Westlake 68, Corona Centennial 57 Final 
I've got $100 that says several years from now Obama will take credit for curing the corona virus.
Bill Gates most recently said that if the Corona Virus hits Africa we would lose upto 10Million people..if you  about locusts invasion you haven't seen it yet #coronaviruskenya
Preventive measures to save from contamination of Corona virus is very important. This is why @rahulroushan is important for RW Ecosystem. Everyone knows about the finance ministry post for which people became turncoats and after being denied turned again. Ye koi.... Nahi 
Clips from china they deserve more dangerous viruses than corona . @peta @aniket_anikett @CBTHunting @DogsofYulin @susan_song_v @GrouciDjamila @save_albert 
SENATOR TOM COTTON! I proud of you for speaking up about the Corona virus. Truth needs to be known. And the MSM taking up for China and trashing you.. ..need to just pack up and leave. MSM....move to China. America is sick of all of you.
first lesson of DevonteWRLD stonks: going to get corona virus, hit a nation wide road trip, then cough in every arena except the Hornets arena. then we will be NBA champions by default 
Corona Virus entered India now 
A short list of occurrences at MSU since I began my education here: Bear on campus Shooter Bomb threat Roof collapses Potential corona virus Shooting at local bar Won Cat-Griz
Expert in a biological science branch breaks down the Corona virus:  It’s an HIV/SARS/Corona chimera virus. It’s able to jump multiple species. He lists major papers that have been published on its development.
Supreme should collab with corona virus let’s see who really want that supreme shit
Hard not to feel like this is our not-so-distant future, for pathogens even more dangerous than Corona  …
I'm wearing a mask on this plane and old lady next to me can't stop staring. Honestly corona is scary but I'm just not trying to get sick in general at this point. Planes are narsty. Someone tell their grandma to leave me alone
Robots attending to Corona virus patients in China 
Shared from a friend in China: Hi all, the corona virus has shut down all of East and Central CHina and is now moving across greater Asia. This is going to have deep and serious effects on goods and procuts available in the USA on everything from auto parts to zippers.
my old plug just got out of jail and now he posting on his snap story talking bout some "fucking chinks" on a photo of the corona virus sir do i need to tell ur parole officer ur still slanging?
The Corona virus is spreading. The rest of the world is trying hard to prevent a pandemic. What does trump do? Cuts the CDC by 9% and funding to the World Health Organization by 50%. trump better be careful. He could make it so there are no taxscam tax dollars for the 1% to keep
They are awesome!! Corona virus will delay some things a few weeks for all goods made in China. You know the drill. Calander site etc  …
Below photo is taken from #Kannur Intl Airport,Kerala. In the photo,a cardiologist from Germany is being screened due to the threats of corona virus. Later  "NOW I DON'T WONDER HOW YOU PEOPLE CONTROLLED NIPAH" @shailajateacher and her team are awesome 
New keyboard cable has arrived, but the  from China has not (got delayed because of corona virus) 
This mf roleplaying as the corona virus
Actually I might start firing off takes about Shit happening weeks ago. You guys know about that corona virus? It’s really bad  …
Jaguar Landrover may have to close production in two weeks due to supply chain difficulties in China on account of the corona virus. Gosh, it isn’t blaming Brexit.
God why have you forsaken this country .. “Corona Virus is caused by Corruption “-Magu 2020 Just imagine people this govt appoints to handle intelligent business.. 
I told you “corona virus” was already here days ago. Now the msm catches up.  …
I vomited violently this morning and all that came up was lemonade and Dandelion and Burdock pop. I think I've got the Corona virus! (For older folk) X
** BREAKING ** Corona virus scientific study group issues paper: corona virus has   …
Corona Virus Predicted: In 1981 Dean Kootz wrote a NY no1 best seller book “The eyes of Darkness” the Fictional book focuses around a Chinese Military Lab in WUHAN that creates an Airborne Bio weapon “Wuhan400” that mistakenly spread. Believe IT! #coronaviruskenya 
CORONA IS IN LEICESTERRRR!! Stay away form sulets
They know. The executives at the “Centers for Disease Control” should be immediately arrested for criminal negligence. When this corona virus hits it will be because of the   …
So a book published in 1981 already predicted corona virus (wuhan-400) 
Since we all have agreed that Corona Virus is caused by Corruption, when are we sending Magu and his boys to China to save the world like Captain America. Cc: @officialEFCC
“Outside China, there are now 804 cases in 25 countries, with three deaths”, @WHO chief @DrTedros updated journalists in Geneva on #COVID19, the corona virus.  …
The woman in the seat next to me has coughed in her hand 486 times and rubbed it all over everywhere. I hope she gets a case of corona virus.
Calves absolutely flying it this year don't think they've ever gone as well, few changes from 2019 routine, higher grade MR, better equipment and vaccinated all cows for rotavec corona #MyCalfOurFuture #AgCredible #calving2020 
"Corona Virus is caused by Corruption". ~Dr. Magu Snr. Medical director @officialEFCC specialist hospital Nigeria. Chai I'm not crying, someone is slicing onions here ni. Huuu 
The world watched Dortmund sign this boy for 20m fam. We go sign Corona virus from the same club
Corona virus is a good lesson for  & drop-shippers Don't rely only on China 4 manufacturing Have options in other countries & domestic. Guaranteed business owners are in a full panic right now. I have domestic options ready for all my brands. Be ahead of the problem.
"Corona virus is caused by corruption" - Ibrahim Magu 
Journalists reporting on corona virus may have spread corona virus—possibly to Prime Minister’s office. I’m sure Abe will be fine. Hallelujah Ten Kyodo News staff rode vehicle driven by man confirmed to have COVID-19  …
Mark my words, the government of Kenya will start taking precautions when corona hits Kenya ... the same thing they do with terrorism #coronaviruskenya
[!!] Overpass Music announces the postponement of the festival to September 26, 2020 as safety measure due to corona virus outbreak. Current line up is still valid but may be subject to change, stay tuned in May 2020 for more updates!! #MINO #송민호  
Imagine the man in charge of a whole “EFCC” saying corona is the caused by corruption...we should be ashamed of this video. Then malaria is caused by Abacha”s loot
Corona virus is caused by corruption - Magu EFCC chairman @dat_biglee411 @CitizenPeper @RBiakpara 
Kathy Zhue has died of corona virus, she will not be forgotten in yevropa for her participation in le movement 
What am I supposed to believe... Canada is safe from the Corona virus? Countries are shutting flights from areas of China down because of Racsim?
ok red alert. over the weekend a friend of mine ran into a masked gunman roaming corona heights. he showed up at our door panting for breath, terrified. cops just got back to him - they found and temporarily detained the gunman. and his camera crew. they were filming the matrix.
Best disclosures of corona virus is here 
the way there’s already a corona virus case in london, when karma gets the burberry show >>>
So in this case, "authoritarian" Russia - unlike the "democracies" - is the only country to do what the majority of people in all 8 polled countries want their governments to do. #corona  …
burberry disinviting south koreans celebrities and asians workers as part of "preventive measures" due to the corona virus rather than cancelling their show for a much better and efficient measure to stop this from spreading? yeah.. great job to normalizing this xenophobia 
if burberry wanted REAL safety for their non-asian artists then they should cancel the show, please they ain't dumb they know the corona virus can spread through crowded spaces they literally made a whole statement for it to only emphasize the fact that they're RACIST
Doctors don't wear white hazmat suits to care for your flu. Cities don't get qurantined for the flu. You don't see flu ships getting everyone infected just cause one dude had it. Yes the flu is fatal, but it doesn't shut down countries. The corona virus is NOT just a flu!
I can't reveal them yet, but according to a US research lab source there is an anti viral agent within the Chaga mushroom or inonotus obliques that is showing extreme promise against the Corona virus and increased survival rates. Drink up folks!
We’re not getting the whole story on the corona virus to avoid mass hysteria. The doctor that blew the whistle on it has died, a journalist who went undercover in Chinese hospitals to uncover facts has mysteriously gone missing. Something fishy is going on.
Rats when they don’t want to be blamed for corona virus 
burberry cancelled jisoo’s invitation to its show at lfw for the corona virus concerns??? that’s incredibly racist jisoo u deserve way better
So Jisoo isn't going with Burberry because they are scared about the Corona Virus? Dior and Cartier gave better looks than their racist a$$anyway 
not Burberry known as one of the biggest brands in the fuckin world deciding not to invite asian celebrities to their show during this fw in fear of them spreading the corona virus?? the blatant xenophobia yall they ain't even try to hide it 
If the onset of birth pains is Unbeatable like this, Corona virus, Zika virus, Ebola, locusts, earthquakes, wars, how will the real birth pains be? All these are reasons for all  back to their senses and and repent #PrepareYeNations
#PrepareYeNations Are all this happening just a coincidence? It’s about to get worse the diseases are causing distress Corona, Ebola, Zika Virus! The Tsunamis that are causing distraction.. this is a wake up all.. This is love to be warned before the impending doom arrives! 
“BigDickAnon” has been dropping intel about the “ #corona virus” that escaped since the end of January. His timeline predictions have been pretty spot on. So intel is good. I highly suggest you read what he has to say about what’s in store for the world: 
This one captioned picture with “Corona Virus, we need you in Nigeria”. I know you want engagements  but nigga, REALLY????
I wonder how old this Corana bottle is?! It has Corona moulded into it along with ‘This bottle is property of Thomas & Evans Ltd. These are the original founders of Corona as far as I can tell. The bottle also has the remains of a cork stopper inside. 
Draco is in charge of China's corona. Sirius is in charge of American influenza. Corona does not infect Japanese who have the YAP gene. The Koreans who are infected in Japan are pretending to be Japanese.  …
Train stats: Speed = 78mph Core carriage temperature = 87oC People eating stinky things = 18 Loud coughers / potential corona virus hosts = 5 People with nan perfume on = 2 Time until it’s my stop = too fucking long
Did you know Coronavirus was already prophecies of Dean Koontz many? years ago. And Corona broke out from Wuhan- about 50miles from the chinese bio war lab institute located in Wuhan 
The corona virus has killed over 1800 people.  …
#Corona Virus outbreak could not cause Pakistan a single patient, #PTI Minister @AliHZaidiPTI's negligent homicide and  resulted in 14 casualties in one day, and he is still saying everything is normal. He must RESIGN now. #KPT 
Today's non reaction of the stock market to a week of protests tells me there's something wrong, we may be heading for a very big crash. Nothing is being priced in, not the Corona virus, not the weak leadership and not the blockades. Why??
China currently has 150 million citizens under lockdown. Chicago population is around 2.7 million. This puts into perspective just how serious the Corona Virus is.
Have you asked yourself why the judgement of God is over the nations? The Deadly Corona Virus claiming lives in Asian countries. Kenya on the other hand battling with the Locust menance Isn't this the beginning of birth pangs? 
Someone loses their job because they made @FredMatiangi join the queue and the same powers cannot prevent a Corona Virus agent from sneaking into the country. #jkia
Truly writers are Seers... This book by @deankoontz was published in 1981... Read the marked lines and correlate with recent Corona Virus outbreak and city affected most.. #Coronavirustruth #SecretFiles 
So Now they are Saying it Happen due To "Soya Dust", Imagine People dying From "SoYa DuSt" and it took you 3 days to Find (Happen in Spain in 1980s) and You Think you are ready for dangers like Corona Virus the 21st Century ThReAT? 
Choose your foster! Brandy is a fine pup (what a good dog she’ll be). Corona says ‘If life gives you limes, foster a pup.’ Tell us which one of these adorable Philly-area puppy girls you’d pick. Want to make it happen? Email foster@morrisanimalrefuge.org and find your friend!   – at Morris Animal Refuge
The only hospital that can cure corona virus #corona 
FOSTERS NEEDED! It’s been a rough week already, so forget your troubles with adorable puppy girls Corona & Brandy! They need foster homes - you need puppy cuteness. #NationalDrinkWineDay? Nah, it’s foster a puppy day. So email us at foster@morrisanimalrefuge.org or please RT!  – at Morris Animal Refuge
Corona Virus Revealed in Plain Sight as 'Wuhan-400' in Dean Kootz, "The Eyes of Darkness"! 
Actually it's the rape of the planet not just the uk, islam the death virus more potent than the corona virus.peace be upon you  …
Some days I really hope Corona virus gets out of control. Today is one of those days.  …
Breaking: 2 Irish citizens in Japan have tested positive for the Covid 19 Corona virus. They're being treated in a Tokyo hospital @rtenews
Jesus talked in the book of Matt 24 about concerning distress that would visit the earth And now we have seen how it has begun The earthquakes. War Zika virus & now Corona virus No one needs to be a rocket scientist to see this Surely Jesus  
sunggyu's fanmeet in japan got cancelled because of the corona virus so he's giving every fan who was supposed to attend a photobook with his signature and the name of the fan/a drawing? i love him 
A pile of shoes. One pair for each of the 3,700 people killed every day globally. Corona-virus has nothing on car-virus in terms of numbers killed. Well done @RoadSafetyNGOs for display at @roadsafety2020 in Stockholm. Good to see 30kmh endorsed as appropriate default 
New York Times #1 Bestseller you say? Published in May 10, 1981 by Dean Koontz predicting #Coronavirus #Corona #Covid_19 seems quite strange don`t you think? Surely they would never lie to 
As we suspicioned when we first heard, Corona Virus is more wide spread and deadly than China let the world know about. Such is the secrecy and absolute power of a totalitarian government. Socialism    totalitarianism It cannot otherwise exist
You can't be so certain.. Check this out.. The corona virus was a planned something but blacks were not the target.. 
#VisitNepal2020 because No Corona!! 
China said they were going to rewrite the Bible to fit Socialism. - Swine fever, 116% increase in pork price - Over 70 000 infected in Corona virus - Bird flu - And now locust plague reached China Read what Revelations 22:18 says about rewriting Bible. Really makes you think
Spare a thought for entitled celebrity boomer David Abel. His unwillingness to leave cruise ship (because everyone spoke foreign) and his insistence on the RAF flying him back to Brize Norton has ended up with him getting Corona virus and solitary in Japan with no wifi for 2weeks
Indians love to talk about Karma and statues. Hindu Mahasabha chief claims coronavirus is an avatar ‘to punish non-vegetarians- advises Chinese President Xi Jinping to build an ‘idol of Corona’ and seek forgiveness, so that its ‘anger’ would fade away.
Corona is not a virus, but avatar for the protection of poor creatures. They  to give the message of death and punishment to the one who eats them - Hindu Mahasabha leader Govt data says 71% of Indian population (15+ age grp) is non-vegetarian  …
Suburbs of Mexico City, the most populous city in the Western Hemisphere. How in goodness name do you manage the transmission of corona virus in density like this? 
Ya’ll really shocked corona up in Nashville, K&S World Market been plotting fym 
If the people from the country hit by Corona Virus are making masks for exports to other countries, how safe they would be? What is the guarantee that they would not carry the virus?  …
Hindu Mahasabha chief Chakrapani advised Chinese President Xi Jinping to build an ‘idol of Corona’ and seek forgiveness, so that its ‘anger’ would fade away. Oh...this is the help offered by Modi to China? #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
This conductor guy saw a couple sharing one bottle of soda in the taxi and he was like " ekizibbu mwefulanyo abasharinga kati munno bwomusigga corona virus "
Pretty sure I got the corona virus y’all. Pray for me and bring me some limes. I’ll push through this.
How many people think the Corona Virus is just like the flu because the symptoms mimic something we're so familiar with, our seasonal sicknesses. Like seriously how many could tell the difference between a flu and the new COVID Virus? Nurses probably can't tell without a test.
11 out of 16 patients fully recovered from corona in vietnam. no new case have been confirmed since the last 5 days. Vietnam has successfully develops quick coronavirus test kit. In the past, Vietnam was the first country stopped SARS, i hope they can stop Corona again
Not even One African prophet has Volunteered to go and Assist with Corona Virus in China !
Corona Virus Storm Dennis Syrian Airstrikes Severe Flood Warnings HSBC Job Losses That’s just from watching the news for 45 seconds! Can you understand now why I don’t watch it! It must be pretty hard to maintain a positive mindset when you’re flooded with bad news.
egyptians be saying “corona” to us malaysians, sigh, do they know how stupid they sounded like not knowing how far malaysia to china is?
$TSLA brushes off Corona fears and Giga Berlin disruption with a 4% gain in pre-markets 
Apparently the ANU in Canberra has only 1,000 of their 5,000 students on campus because the rest are Chinese students stuck in China due to the Corona Virus. Question: An Aussie Uni has only 1 in 5 non Chinese students????
February 18; Muzaffarad: AJK CPEC projects being brought back on track, Corona Virus not to affect implementation pace; Masood Khan  …
#uonnimechoka If any kenyan contracts the corona-virus we will arrest cecily kariuki,c.s internal ,director of immigration,JKIA heads,C.S for transport and make sure they contract the virus first. we cant have people getting bribes to enter kenya at the expense of us
"Illegal wildlife traders selling Rhino Horn as Medicine for the Corona Virus." Click on the link below.  
Forget the Corona virus. The most dangerous disease in America is liberalism. It's currently being spread to healthy red states all over the nation.
China is the leading country in the world that has 5G technology in it's grasp. Then all of a sudden Corona Virus hits China?? I'm not going to say anything. But the dots seem to be connecting.
Kashmiri student, who was air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation, is full of praise for the Modi Government to  to her rescue and helped her as well as others like her. 
he will have the shower water running. he will be cooking her food in natural lighting. mf acting like he just saved her from corona in a movie
Twenty thousand Chinese covert to islam because corona virus will never infect a muslim/ muslima Retweet and share for others to know that islam is the way 
It's now clear the Tory government's handling of the Corona virus problem on the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan has been abysmal. As a result of their dither and delay, UK citizens have now contracted the virus. Let's all hope they will be OK!
pakistan has discovered corona virus antidote, here is a video proof in which afridi is taking the medicine 
Corona. Virus. On our cruise.  
Due to the Corona Virus, Stardom has cancelled all events between 2/20 and 3/14. That's 7 shows in total. The Korakuen Hall show on March 8th will go ahead and be held in front of an empty Korakuen Hall and streamed live on YouTube..  …
Corona virus is no danger to Indians. They survived even Congress.
Chinese scientists says COVID-19/coronavirus could have originated from a government laboratory. #Coronavirus  #ChinaVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #COVID19 #corona
there’s like 40-50 chinese students in our school and people have been literally BULLYING THEM, coughing everytime they pass them and yelling ”CORONA” whatthefuck
alices don't hate me but i really against this //? I mean they are really gonna send the boys during the outbreak of corona virus?? when japan has the second largest number of the virus cases I CAN NOT 
This corona virus is man made in Wuhan P4 lab, and to spread out deliberately! This is part of ccp’s plan, before Chinazi signed up the trade deal with USA, Chinazi use the virus as excuse to deny carry out the deal, their plan!
As a result of a hectic Podcast and Chill Speed Dating Event, Mabena is out with the flu, not Corona Virus he hasnt been to China, we can assure you. Podcast and Chill will return. Apologies for no episode. 
Hamza observing Corona Virus protocol. Also like Khurram would explain that all these years workers and leaders were kept standing outside the Avenfield apartments “not owned by Sharifs” only Bcz of the necessary precautions for 
Today,An MR  to meet us. Assistant tells me China se corona virus aya hai I was like Kya? Then he showed me the visiting card as the MR had Chinese name.
Because corona virus is not just voluntary flu, it's man-made. it's a biological economic war by corporatocrats in partnership with their governments. Billionaires are on a mission to reduce population to their acceptable numbers. Gates is tasked with Africa. He's no philanthropi
How does a book written in 1981 perfectly predict the wuhan virus ( corona virus) in 2020? We are just pawns and this world is being by run few living in the shadows. But at the end of the day, we will all end up in the same box. 
Y'all are still worrying about the Corona Virus meanwhile there's something worse that's out there. 
i just watched a girl use her juul to pop open a corona... excuse me while i go home to shower off the residual cr*cker
China extended the Lunar New Year holiday by 10 days to limit the spread of coronavirus. 18 Chinese nationals  back to Kenya after this holiday ended. One of them went to his workstation in Kitui South. He is exhibiting corona-like symptoms. He's been quarantined. Tuombe
Chairman Hon. Mr. Sher Ali Arbab MNA met the Chinese Ambassador H. E. Yao Jing in the Parliament today. Chinese government's steps towards corona virus and overall progress of CPEC was thoroughly discussed. Ambassador Jing thanked @NAofPakistan for resolution on 
How does Bill Gates know that the Corona virus will kill 10 million Africans? How did he arrive to that conclusion? Even top leading medical scientists have yet to  on this issue
As opposed to the Democrats open borders policy? They would've invited corona-chan right in.
#Kashmiri student, who was air-lifted from Wuhan during Corona Virus evacuation, is full of praise for the @narendramodi Government to  to her rescue and helped her as well as others like 
Corona virus is a population reduction mechanism and Bill Gates has his finger prints all over it.  …
SA imports a lot of drugs owing to the Mbeki years of destroying manufacturing & making us a financial services and tourism economy. With the Corona virus in China we are heading for a drug shortage. Not sure if the department of health is on top of this  …
And this. CORONA 16 NOW OFFLINE. [SCARE] NECESSARY EVENT? CURE FOR THE FLU VIRUS? 
Apple just announced bearish news about the impact corona virus has on production. The FED responded by saying they will be purchasing shares. They are trying to stop stocks (especially big ones like Apple) from crashing, as it will bring down everything. #RecessionIsNear
okay i know the corona virus is no laughing matter......but this cat with a face mask on is absolutely sending me 
Yesterday with Professor Kimera on Corona outbreak COVID 19 He once came in class with 57minutes documentary pertaining Ebola outbreak in Guinea (Conakry )..The extent of exposure in this old man is Huge Mungu asaidie Hiki kisanga kisifike Afrika.Amen 
CORONA 16 NOW OFFLINE. Cure for the flu virus? Coincidence? There are no coincidences. Patriots are in control. "Nothing is easy, but... ....he will be successful, especially as the weather starts to warm & the virus  weaker, and then gone." Trump. #QAnon 
Dear Loving God, this morning I ask you to save this motherland from the Corona Virus. #Coronavirius
#CHINA | The hospital which was built in 10 days for the Corona virus in Wuhan began to collapse,cracks in the water pipes and fractures on its walls. 
this 80s book explains everything about this corona virus 
Does any one use LYSOL disinfecting spray. It kills 99% of bacteria. The one i bought in December claims it eliminates "Human CORONA VIRUS"!
This is the cover to bring in military. Y'all corona  potus sent NG to border for the wall, he send elite tactical units to sanctuary cities, now medical martial law for what 13 people? Ya'll military is being placed prior to declass cause we know riots
Breaking news: Corona virus spreading in Jamia Millia, many found wearing masks in library. Some were found with a stone in their hand, their dying wish is to contribute atleast one stone to Bhavya Ram Mandir. - Aditya Nayak
bill gates probably owns the patent for the corona virus vaccine. that’s why he keeps talking about africa like he’s gonna bring the virus here
Saw a tweet saying that recently we're being flooded with news that will keep us in a state of panic. From the Australian bush fires, US-Iran conflict 'World War 3' and corona virus like someone is distracting us from something much bigger.
Clicking photos with younger siblings and uploading here with the hashtag #SantoorMomsTwitter is deadly virus than Corona Virus.
Nearly 300 villager of Gumba, Sindhupalchok,suddenly became sick due to #flu like illness.First they feared & suspected of #Coronavirus,later confirmed #H3flu. It shows"corona phobia"not only in city but also in remote area. #infection #Kathmandu #COVID_19 #ChinaVirus 
Because of concerns of Corona 19 outbreak, The Saem x Seventeen fansign event that supposed to be held on 25th February is postpone for Seventeen and also Carats safety @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN  …
Attention all students!! The first 200 students to purchase their CIF girls basketball game tickets for Wednesday vs. Corona Centennial will receive a free Rowdy Rabbits T-shirt. Sizes will vary and dependent on availability. Get your tickets early!! #LBPoly 
Is China securing banknotes for sterilization due to Corona pandemic concerns, a great opportunity for Bitcoin? The era of Altcoins is  (only the truly valuable Altcoins, #CARDANO are fulfilling that mission) 
New single by the pandemic people,, my corona! On two bob records n tapes @Heathrow International Airport, London  …
Just remember @realDonaldTrump cut CDC funding and thinks April's warming temperatures will take care of the Corona virus naturally but got 3. 8 billion dollars for his wall. Imagine now, China practically shut down their whole country and it's still not taken care of there.
#coronavirus Corona virus will destroy mankind. It can only be protected by true devotion. Real Satbhakti give only @SaintRampalJiM is true saint in all world. 
The corona virus is not an excuse to be racist you’re more likely to die from the flu so shut the fuck Kyle
Ya, a modified SARs virus with traces of HIV doesn't just pop up from a fish market. This Corona Strain was created as a biological weapon. Leaving men sterile or dead in its path of destruction. This was created for population control.
I'm 100% this nurse and her nasty carry everywhere pee stick are to blame for the Corona virus, dont @me, I'm right. #DoğduğunEvKaderindir ep6 
The #coronavirus has had new death toll  out! Remember these numbers came from the Chinese government which is not trustworthy! The death toll says that at this point, over 1800 deaths have been from the corona virus! Extended Version -  … 
What goes best with Corona virus? Lyme disease. I'll show myself out.
Russia and OPEC in concert had trouble cutting production by just a few millions barrels during the last price squeeze, and America, a net exporter, can increase production automatically if they do. Which means a slowdown - say, from the Corona virus - can crush prices forever.
#TuesdayThoughts At present time all people think about corona virus Till date no solution available only one solution Real God worship or listen God kabir satsang . Saint Rampal ji Satsang is very powerful. Apple China japan united 
Rosie stays being blamed for eveverything on these streets. they'll blame her for corona virus very very soon. You watch. Rosie we dey Your back baby. #UltimateLoveNG
Here’s what WHO has to say about corona virus 
So in 2003 there was a Corona virus called SARS. In 2012 there was a Corona virus called MERS. And now there’s a Corona virus called COVID19. Why is there so much more panic now? Because of social media? . Goodnight.
Notice @abcnews is running #scottfrommarketing excuse campaign for not having a surplus by blaming bush-fires, corona virus & drought. The economy has been floundering under Morrison and Frydenberg & getting worse because of other factors They relied on under-funding services
The Chinese government couldn't kill him. Turns out the corona virus couldn't kill him either. Stay strong, Bishop Zhu! Praying for all affected by the corona outbreak.  …
So theres a video of chinese people in a hospital diagnosed with corona...spitting on the elevator buttons. Very nice and considerate people eh?
It's a rather lengthy article and I'm still going through it, but makes a lot of sense. CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis  
Am I crazy to think that I'd rather get the Corona virus than wear a gas mask constantly? This dude on my flight has a full on gas mask on...
This corona virus disease is so nasty that chinese authorities are welding doors shut to large   …
39 years ago, a book was written about the corona virus and Wuhan Province. The book "They Eyes of Darkness" by author Dean Koontz was published on 10th may 1981 
Also just wanted to say... being racist isn't cool. I know 'Twitch chat will be Twitch chat', but in the SI2020 stream it was really bad whenever Meru and Wei on the screen, it would just be spammed with 'Corona' over and over and that isn't cool at all. Do better.
This whole cruise ship corona virus quarantine is bananas. You plan to be gone for ten days, two weeks, whatever, and then suddenly it’s a month plus. What if you left your kids with a relative? What if you boarded your pets? What about your job?
I have decided to be that friend who always says "coronaviruses cause many illnesses including  cold" any time someone calls this thing spreading primarily in Asia "The Corona Virus"
CHINA VLOG!! no corona virus jokes plz  via @YouTube
"I went on a trip, Everyone got sick, I'm stuck here on this ship, with My Corona!"
The corona virus concern is racist. Concern about our transport system is racist...... Thank gawd for the FedLibs. Without their guidance I’d never have realized what an awful, prejudiced bunch we Canadians really are.
This is brilliant joke material @RickyGervais Unfortunately the tragic punchline involves the end of the wrong species 'Illegal wildlife traders in china selling Rhino Horn as Medicine for Corona virus.'  … @PeterEgan6 @Protect_Wldlife 
Herh! people are freakn wicked. Look at how these people chose to spread the corona virus after they’ve been diagnosed with it. Most humans are evil. 
Shia mullah Amir alqurayshi discovered where did  from as he says " corona virus  from China but came from Abu bakr & Umar & specifically from Aisha". Spread this so all people knows the kind of safavid terrorism we are dealing with. 
Roman Reigns sending well wishes to China with the outbreak of the Corona virus! #WWEChina 
Question. Why are so many people trying to prove the CHINESE Corona Virus is a pandemic? Why are more people NOT questioning the narrative? Are we addicted to the adrenaline that FEAR produces? Why is FEAR easier to accept than the idea of [propaganda]? FEAR blinds.
Ighalo stats vs Chelsea 1 touch 1 loss of possession 1 take on 1 failed take on 1 shot 1 lost ball 1 corona 9 new cases Thoughts on his first performance? 
39 years ago, a book was written about the corona virus and Wuhan Province. The book that published on 10th may 1981 
Tony Fauci named to Trump's Corona virus task force. Fauci's judgement on infectious disease highly suspect given his ME history. From '80s to current, Fauci demanded NIH avoid epi and virological ME research. Now possibly 65 million PWME world wide.  …
LIVE SNIPING FOR @Authority_AuRa 5 cases of corona virus was found in my County get in here before I die!   #twitch #gaming #gamer #streamer #ps #twitchstreamer #twitchtv #twitchaffiliate #TwitchTVGaming #TwitchPrime
If Ighalo had done it we would have deleted chelsea Corona virus being lethal in London no be small breaking news
#coronavavirus considering that the Lunar nodes having been transiting the Cancer/Capricorn axis, Eclipses have activated Corona Australis by longitude since 2019, last one on July 5th 2020. Mars has also just ingressed into Capricorn adding fuel to infections and fevers. 
and here   … The highly unstable supply chain pushed by globalists will damage those most dependent. #fintwit #gold #crytpo #btc #corona #cdnpoli #coronavirus #china
I know this little boy's Uncle. I'm heartbroken for this family. This is now the 2nd child I've personally "known" to die from the flu. Forget Corona Virus - THIS to me is the scariest thing out there. I literally have no words.  …
We are deeply programmed. Time to wake up. FEAR is the trigger. FEAR is the control mechanism. [They] use FEAR to create "Trust" in [their] lies. Corona isn't what it seems. Think logically. Fear blinds. Follow the debt. Follow the protestors. Wag the Dog. End of thread.
Twitter locks down Wikileaks? Just hours after WHO meets with BIG TECH to discuss Corona Virus censorship, Twitter locks down Wikileaks account? Up is down. Left is right. Wag the Dog. Fear controls. Think logically.  …
This will be a suicide. The rights of few cannot trump rights of many. Individual rights matter till they don't infringe upon interests of majority. If we get Corona virus outbreak we will be simply dependent on its natural history. Which is to say, at the mercy of it.
Today at approximately 3pm a patient, recently returned from China, was rushed to UHW after presenting to a GP with some corona virus symptoms. Still no confirmed cases in Ireland and hopefully tomorrow that will still be the case.
Corona discharge is often seen as a glow in the air adjacent to pointed metal conductors carrying high voltages  [source of the gif:  
Question. With all of the Chinese citizens testimonies about the Corona virus that are somehow by-passing the Digital Wall... Where are the testimonies from the Hong Kong protestors? Why are the Hong Kong protestors so silent? Logical thinking. Emotions cloud judgement.
Why the Corona Virus is a likely bigger issue than most realize - it's early & we know little - spreads easy - asymptomatic cases - China shut down whole country - Quarantine ship, many cases - Africa, India, etc no medical infrastructure - can't cure millions of people at once
Q Proof > 1013 2213 CIA Trying to Impersonate Q TWITTER. CLOWNS. Operation Q-T2810C. False drops. Bot push. Future "Conspiracy" push to norms. Bad mixed w/ good. Taint. They are scared. Q CIA Satellite Offline >>2804887 [DEAC>KILLBOX1AZB] CORONA 1 NOW OFFLINE. Q 
Can we say then that Corona Virus is a premeditated evil? Or may be an experiment? #COVIDー19 
My corona virus paranoia has increased from a level 2 to a 4. Will keep you updated as I dive deeper into the rabbit hole.
There are about 400 Ghanaian students at the Corona Virus ridden Chinese city of Wuhan.
Breaking News -  … Corona Virus is a weapon planned by China & Russia to attack & clean up America so Nation would collapse and be attacked & divided up between Russia & China. Could only be God's Intervention made it all go South?
Wow. 760 million people are under lock down / travel restriction in China because of Corona virus. This is the biggest restriction on movement in history.
‘It’s Crazy All This Talk About The Corona Virus Nowadays ... Funny Thing Is I Been Sick Ever Since You Left’ 
Food delivery to corona patient at the new hospital. 
No one in my generation has anything close to as culturally traumatic as the Great Depression. Corona Virus, if it spreads as it might, will mean that everyone reading this will lose someone they love to the sickness, in a horrific death.
Is it me or is Bill Gates too interested in our medical well being in Africa. He cares about our malaria, polio and now corona. No schools built in Africa but a real passion for what makes us sick ? Maybe it’s just me ...  …
Religion is cancer - be it Islam, Hinduism, Christian or any. And religious practices are corona virus these practice will kill your brain cells slowly-slowly Wake me up the day these religions start providing Jobs, health care facilities & shelter to needy or else just FO.
THREAD: Kenyans should stop rejoicing now that Corona Virus is slowly killing the Chinese. These ninjas are Now a very important part of our lives. They control the biggest share of the Electronics Market. Mostly Businesses here depend on China.
The impact of the corona virus was retroactive? Q4 ended weeks before the #CoronaVirus was first acknowledged. This was the global household debt bubble.  …
This is stranger than fiction. A book by Dean Koontz in 1981 speaks about the Corona virus even mentioning Wuhan,the place where the outbreak was first reported. We are being decimated! 
Throwing darts at random numbers on a dartboard to make better guesstimates at chinese corona death toll than what the offical numbers show
I remember I criticised Lagos state government when they talked about self-quarrantine with respect to people returning from countries with Corona virus. Recently found out they're doing the same thing in the UK so I have to chop this L
PUTTING THINGS INTO PROPER PERSPECTIVE!!! Corona Virus has killed about 1700? people this far. ABORTION KILLS over 1000 daily & 60,000,000 since Roe vs Wade. Imagine the outcry if the virus was killing 1000 daily!!
My deepest sympathy to the people and government of China and the respected families of the deceased by #Corona lab-made virus. I hope the Chinese nation , contrary to the will of their ill wishers, will soon  this imposed problem and pursue their progress. #China
Attn: @doctorsoumya Being the Chief Scientist of the @WHO and an Indian at that, would you like  on the sheer genius peeking out of India? Cow dung masks to keep corona away. The WHO is doing its best to fight the #coronoavirusoutbreak The Hindu Mahasabha may  …
A Chinese professor published a paper saying corona came from poor safety conditions at Wuhan lab. He published, then quick redacted. Went dark. Not suspicious at all given China's PR crackdown. Fortunately for China, reporters have decided this is all just a conspiracy theory  …
Hindu Mahasabha rocks. They will take India to unprecedented heights. First they said that Gobar ka mask will help fight corona virus & now this. I pray that this Corona anger doesn't incl. @smritiirani because she recently did a Egg fried rice & Chicken manchurian 
Xiaogan, Hubei: villagers refusing being detained in their homes fighting back. Police firing shots #covid19 #coronavirus #RandomActsOfKindnessDay #wuhan #wuhanflu #china #chinaflu #Corona 
Sopore Police exercising full precaution against the novel Corona Virus.  …
We call a good/bad cop routine in politics. But Emperor Corona sees it as Trump stabs him in the back. Trump tested Emperor Corona at Mar-a-Lago in 2017 by unprecedentedly orderingSyria strike during their 1st state dinner. Xi failed the test w/o walking out 2 protest rudeness.  …
If anyone had predicted in Nov 2019, that in 2020 a Corona virus will strike the second biggest economy in the world and threatened global economic growth he would have been called crazy. Well here we are. The only thing constant right now is that nothing really is constant.
Can someone explain to me here.. book written and released in 1981 talking about Corona virus 
Everyone should be aware of whats happening in China! Yes we know there is Corona virus over there but dont forget whats happening with UIGHUR MUSLIMS either! This is whats happening in China! SHARE it and let everyone know about this! #China #UighurMuslims 
God might be disappointed with the world Corona virus and locusts all in attack.Let us pray harder.  …
Senator Tom Cotton has outdone himself with the idiocy of implying that China attacked itself with biological weapons in the Corona virus epidemic. China is a signatory of international bans on biological weapons.
Is Mainstream Media Finally Acknowledging Corona Virus as a Man Made Bioweapon? with Ole Dammegard  …
Former Chongqing Mayor 黄奇帆 Huang Qifan is right about #coronaviruschina will destroyas the world's factory. Emperor Corona's coverup is responsible for further decoupling.  …
Why is fox news calling the Corona Virus a disease all of a sudden? Wtf is going on Now? Smdh
While corona out here virusing you got about a half a cough before you getting knocked out. I’m not playing with none of y’all!!
@Shehzad_Ind - saying due to corona virus Jamia students were wearing masks.
Caer Arianrhod - the Fortress of Arianrhod - was an isle off the coast of Wales ruled by its namesake lady. A legendary sunken isle, rock formations are visible from shore when the tide is low enough. Caer Arianrhod is also the Welsh name for the Corona Borealis. 
It’s going to die out in spring when temps rise. Pathogens like Corona don’t last long in warmer weather. April will be the end of Corona. At least in surrounding countries with low levels of infected population.
The miracles are here,the judgements are here including the corona virus,the zika virus,the locusts and all of them have the same message, repent and prepare for  of the MESSIAH 
Can you guys picture powerful Emperor Corona kneels down & beg President Trump for delaying the purchases under the Phase I trade deal? Would @remonwangxt like to draw another picture for us?  
Corona virus—The Latest Desperate act—of [Cabal] assets! Gates Foundation—holds the Patent!!—WHY IS THIS??!! BECAUSE: THIS WAS ALL PLANNED OUT! EXPECT—More FFs as arrests & indictments materialize!! STAY STRONG—Patriots IN CONTROL! #TrustThePatriots
Due to the current situation in Japan with the corona virus outbreak, we will provide information tomorrow around 16:00 Japan time in regards to the status of  Stardom related events.
Kavango rappers: I was sharing a corona with an HIv positive person, call it corona virus.
THREAD: CORONA VIRUS IN AMERICA QUARANTINED COMES HOME The first plane touched down at Travis Air Force Base in California just before 11:30 p.m. local time. The second flight landed at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas roughly 2 1/2 hours later.  …
Watch Live: China Corona-Effect: Destroying, Hoarding Toilet Paper - SHTF Cashless Society  …
Was the corona-virus used to kill the protesters in Hong Kong on purpose??? Population control gone wrong?? Was it just another fatal man made mistake?? What the heck is really going on??
Words fail me to describe this wonder in the night sky. You’re looking at an intense moon halo with moon dogs and a corona. Captured by photographer Brent Mckean in Manitoba, Canada. You can see more of his work with 501 North Photography here: 
Does that mean every MAGA will get the virus if they drink corona while wearing the hat?
Interesting. A lot of the technologies being deployed by China in response to their Corona virus crisis are going to  table stakes in how things are done in many places in the world, even after the threat of Corona has significantly receded.  …
There is a high probability that @billhandelshow will say today that I have Covid 2019 corona virus. That is false and he is a putz.
Message Of Goodwill and Solidarity with the Communist Party Of China in respect to the outbreak of the Corona Virus. @NRMOnline 
EVERY Corona Virus Report Should Also Include The Fact That More Than 14K Americans Died From The Flu Last Year - To Put The 'Zombie Apocalypse' In Perspective. Agree?
I'm getting reports of tourists quarantined (for unknown duration) in Turkmenistan for fear of corona. I  everyone to not visit Turkmenistan at the moment, unless you want to spend a few weeks in a hospital for no reason other than paranoia.
It will be interesting to see how we handle this influx of corona virus.  …
“If you hear that there’s plague in a land, do not go there, and if it breaks out in a land where you are, do not leave, fleeing from it.” So what about this case of corona? Does it apply to cases like this? Anyone with reliable answers? Islam based please, I want to know.
Bill gates is about to unleash the Corona virus on us. South Africans will be the first to die considering he  here  …
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj only is that Avatar about whom all the Foretellers predicted.. His Bodh Diwas is on 17th February. Corona virus Watching Night Stay Cute Honestly 
NEW: Images of Diamond Princess cruise ship passengers as they deplane at a foggy Kelly airfield in San Antonio to begin a new 14 day quarantine due to the corona virus @News4SA  – at Kelly Air Field
We can do this but the question is "With whose feet?" Nigerian girls!! that will enter kitchen & toilet without shoe if not corona & and ebola wettin person go lick. Iya fason wata ma se ya yanka maka tongue  …
It's possible that a country or  has found a cure for Corona virus and is silently waiting for stakes to rise.
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Bodh Diwas on 17th February of that Great Saint whose way of Worship destroys our sins because of which we eventually start getting Benefits from God. Corona virus Allah Stay cute america japan china 
I would like to ask, what “damage” did Duterte supposedly wreak havoc upon Ph politics and society? I recall it was Noynoy who openly strong armed and bribed with public funds the members of Congress just to convict the late former SC CJ Corona. He then replaced him with a dud.  …
So Corona virus was man made and they told us it was spread from bats and snakes.
ADDITIONAL 99 PEOPLE ON CRUISE SHIP OFF YOKOHAMA CONFIRMED WITH CORONA VIRUS -JIJI
Ighalo FC !!! Black is my source. Vibranium for sauce. 7 in 11. Boko Haram tremble. Corona negative. Goals positive. 24+1 = 25. Math genius. AFCON 19 Eagle. I kissed my golden boot. 0 betrayal. Jude is not Judas. 
Arashi announced they cancelled their Beijing concert at Olympic Stadium supposed to be held on spring this year because of the spread of new corona virus. They apologize to the fans who are waiting and hope things will be better.  …
Millions of cheese puffs infected with #Corona dumped in the road  …
Arashi cancelled their Beijing concert bcs of Corona virus. They actually have prepared the concert since lastyear at the Beijing National Stadium (Bird's Nest).  …
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Golden Age is Coming Now Everyone will be happy Corona Virus America China Japan 
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Bodh Diwas on 17th February of that Great Man, who aims to form dowry-free, corruption-free, intoxication-free, all virus corona free , diseases free and peaceful society. Cute America watching china japan 
The hospital which was built in 10 days for the Corona virus in Wuhan began to collapse,cracks in the water pipes and fractures on its walls. 
Corona Virus Update: Nigerians in Wuhan China need help from Nigeria government, Bring us home, Nigerians in Wuhan. What's your say on this? 
just yesterday there were 5 confirmed cases of people in tokyo infected with the corona virus :/ this is serious sm postpone 127’s japan arena tour @SMTOWNGLOBAL @NCT_OFFICIAL_JP #엔시티일이칠_도쿄_콘서트_취소해 #NCT127東京公演延期お願い #NCT127東京公演延期お願いします
When situations force us to do things that don't make sense,anything will be done if it has to be done. This Chinese women,was forced to go down through the window because she was locked/quarantined in her own home. Starving? #Corona #WuhanCoronavirus  …
My neighbour's daughter has been vomiting for 2 days now, I think its Corona virus. I'm leaving this area first thing tomorrow morning.
Saw this tweet somewhere but can't find it to credit the author and it goes something like this..."Attention all vaxers, the Corona Virus is giving you a perfect opportunity to prove your point. Go to China now." I am adding..."take this punk and advocate with you." 
Both viruses are more than two month old now. Corona and the Shaheen Bagh
new studies have shown that texting me back cures the corona virus mashallah
These people are sick Corona virus Hmmmmmmm
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi It is Bodh Diwas of the Great World-Victorious Saint on 17th Feb, whose true Spiritual Knowledge will reform the World, and will bring Satyuga. Corona virus China japan stay night America Covid19 
Well my friend is in quarantine with the corona virus so thanks for wishing something so horrible on people who aren’t creative enough to make titles such as, “Logan Paul did THIS to David.”
China raises Corona death toll to 1775 exactly as per s-curve function graph. Predetermined numbers so that markets don't panic. It's a strategy worth hundreds of billions of dollars.
I enjoyed this desi reactions to corona video way more than I should have 
#ThingsThisWeek A truncated week but watch out for developments on AGR front with Telcos likely to make partial payment for their dues today. Also, watch minutes of RBI, US Fed & ECB meets. Flash Feb PMIs for EU, US & Japan for clues on the impact of Corona virus on eco activity. 
Trump literally says every problem, paying for the wall, fighting the corona virus... can be cured by making some other country pay for it. How? When? It’s a total fantasy. Yet people believe it. Still. Still.
Los Guerreros extend their unbeaten streak at home and against @TigresOficial at Estadio Corona with tonight's 2-1 win. Homegrown player @Laloaguirre146 beat Guzmán twice for the W with his first pair of goals in @LigaBBVAMX 
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj is the avatar / Messiah whom all prophets have mentioned in their prophecies. If all people's start God worship according to saint Rampal ji than all virus like corona must stop China japan people think 
#Breaking Nintendo is likely to suffer global switch shortages from #coronavirus Even the fun at home is impacted. Yikes. Corona virus infecting global electronic, auto & textile supply chain
No @SenTomCotton , the corona virus was not created as a biological weapon in an underground Chinese weapons facility. This isn’t a sci fi movie it’s real life. Stop spreading fear and conspiracies theories.  …
18,900 people have retweeted #Coronavirius. Corona VIRIUS. This, after #caronavirusoutbreak and #CoronarvirusOutbreak and #coronarovirusoutbreak If you thought the sheeple were just blind followers, now you know. No  is a problem for some.
#BodhDiwas_SaintRampalJi Feb.17 is the realization day of that great world conquering saint, whose spiritual philosophy & true education will lead the whole world towards welfare & heaven like atmosphere will prevail in the world. Corona virus china Stay  …
#MAGA #MAGA2020 YOU HATS ARE INFECTED w CORONA VIRUS!  …
Everyone making fun of my anxiety over Walmart can have fun with their corona virus. I can’t wait until me and my fellow agoraphobic weirdos are the only ones left and we can actually go out in public because there’s not many people left.
Interesting post on #translation n info on corona virus - reaching people in languages ppl know “plays a significant role in supporting better  for an #epidemic crisis” #LanguageInRealLife  … via @Lg_on_the_Move
Leaked footage :Overcrowded Hubei Provincial People's Hospital. #coronavirus #Coronavirius #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVIDー19 #WuhanCoronavirus #corona 
Checking back in to see if I should be worried about this corona virus now. Starting to hear conspiracies 
Reminder: for ~half the US population, their deductibles ($1,655) ~= total liquid assets ($1950). I don’t think corona is that serious but this remains an under discussed risk scenario.  …
My immune system weak af mi have flu fi 3 weeks now Mk if mi ketch corona mi a dead
Oh LOOK, a sudden vaccine from Big Pharm discovered for the man-made Corona virous; Dems low on $so using Pharma via China virus to gain power and money??? RT 
So even during the outbreak of Corona virus .... No soap in the bathroom . But please go off on how clean Japan is..
𝗜𝗠𝗣𝗢𝗥𝗧𝗔𝗡𝗧: 𝗗𝗔𝗧𝗘 𝗖𝗛𝗔𝗡𝗚𝗘 Hobi Day in Toronto has been moved to Saturday, February 29th due to our sleeves just being shipped out of Asia due to the corona virus. Address will remain Milkcow from 1PM - 6PM! Hope to see everyone there!  …
Couple of Dogs on a deli roll, a bacon double cheese burger with mushrooms, onions & Jalapeños. Burger seasoned with @FarOutFoodz Buckin BBQ. Some Cool Ranch Doritos and an ice cold Corona!! #thisgrilllife #bbq #grillpics #pitboss 
OMG... My coworker and I are dying over this video... (“No wonder we have corona virus” caption from original tweet). 
Seriously one of the parts I struggle with about corona is that the data is different Wuhan, Hubei, China, rest of the world. This raises the question is the data different because of individual or medical care drivers? Both of them are unsatisfactory but clearly problems  …
What ever the Corona Virus is, the only PANDEMIC is the destruction of the Global Banking system. The "pandemic" has shut down Chinese industrial orders, brought their economy to a halt and caused a debt explosion that will topple the yuan. Think free.  …
Can we say then that Corona Virus is a premeditated evil? Or may be an experiment? #COVIDー19 
I have no idea how reliable this video is. It seems they are now shooting the corona virus people that are too far gone. 
Japan is #3 GDP in the world, it just printed -6.9% QoQ SaaR GDP growth, and this is PRE-Corona. And unfortunately it, along with Singapore, is being hit hardest by Corona (ex-China). And it's an important exporter for Tech & Machinery. This is a major problem.  …
Did you think $20bn in US Equity ETF inflows in two weeks we’re going to be added in the face of Corona virus fears? I didn’t either... that’s why I watch price, trend, and market internals vs perma bear tweets. Detailed analysis in the TTG weekend video and watchlist
GDP fell an annualized 6.3% in Q4, faster than a median market forecast for a 3.7% contraction. The drop was the biggest since a 7.4% decline marked in Q2 2014 Private consumption, which makes up more than half of the economy, dropped 2.9% Before corona  …
has anyone tried to put limes on the corona virus
My “hypothesis” is that Senator Cotton started the corona virus. We should investigate
Nobody is going to be making fun of my isolationist positions when they have corona virus.
I’d rather catch the corona virus than catch feelings. 
The misinformation about Corona Virus in Fiji is shocking. People do realize that the MoH are trying to protect everyone, right? That includes themselves and the public at large. People really don't understand the risks that health workers take to keep everyone safe.
Hey Siri, what's the worst op-ed yet written about the coronavirus? "Once Corona was a beloved brand of fizzy pop – now it’s three syllables to strike fear in the heart"  …
When I was a child Corona used to pay a deposit for returned bottles. I would take bottles back to the shop and collect the deposit, wait for the shopkeeper to put them in a crate behind the shop, take them out and collect the deposit again.
I know my step sister did not just look at my pcs in my phone case and say my phone has corona say sike right mf now 
According to this anon testimony the corona virus has been in new york hospitals for over a month. 
So they saying black people cant get corona and lice ? Bet  …
Nigerians in Wuhan, China beg to be repatriated back home as they have been in total lockdown with little or no food and medical supplies. As other Countries are repatriating their citizens from Corona virus-infected China. Please remember them in your prayers. Please Retweet 
Corona virus be like 
HIV/AIDs Webs Corona 
shoutout to all the old white boomers wearing facemasks in airports today - YOU stopped the corona virus all by yourself
Haters of the season the Corona Virus Family 
Unfortunately the Corona Virus cannot be fought with rockets aimed at civilians.  …
BROKEN SCHOOL RECORD ALERT!!! Weston Guzman, Jonah Corona, Felipe Magana & Alex Rodriguez our 19 year old school record in the 800 M Relay yesterday in Edcouch. Congrats on leaving your mark at McHI boys!!! @coachtijemen @McAllenISD @McHiPride @956jake 
On Corona Prayers Ok. But God has given humans brains to decide to evacuate their fellow citizens just as other countries have evacuated citizens e.g. Germany has evacuated citizens and quarantined them in military bases for 14 days etc. Use brains God gave you. Don't just pray.  …
Corona Virus is a human-made biochemical attack on humans in China. 
Ok so we've got- Corona Virus-quarantine setups Elite ICE Task Force deployed Amped up Border Patrol All Democrat-controlled cities of Chicago, New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Houston, Boston, New Orleans, Detroit & Newark Nothing to see here...
#RwOT @RwandaGov When my brother came back from China, he was supposed to spend 8 hours at the hospital doing check ups for Corona Virus. #Thread
Who thought that Corona beer and the Coronavirus were linked? 
NEW VIDEO The Far Eastern response to Ebola La La I give you Corona Na Na Please watch to help China *no help will be sent to China  …
Yes, I am seen lots of conspiracy theory bullshit about the corona virus. It's hurtful to public health bc it makes people not trust ANYTHING, which erodes any confidence in the  folks who are trying to keep us healthy!
This is the viral epidemic's side effect that the  party really fears. Free thinkers  a pandemic, as their voice climbs the great firewall. With little left to lose due to COVIC-19 (Corona), these brave people speak out under the eye of mass surveillance. 
My parents are on the Diamond Princess. My mom tested positive for corona virus today. It is spreading on the ship but Japan considers it quarantine. They need to get people off the ship and in a proper quarantine to prevent a pandemic. It is urgent please share!!!!
Hi corona virus! I’m ready for you! 
Got it through customs I expected them to throw it the fuck out with corona and all 
Far more dangerous than the actual corona virus is the way it can be politically manipulated to foster further suspicion and division. Read and push back.  …
A #BaldEagle couple this morning at Willow Lake in Flushing Meadows Corona Park! 
The  isn’t: “flu already killed 10K people” so why worry about corona. The  is: if corona spread as far as flu (for which there IS vaccination and is well understood) how many people would then die, and what would happen to social systems.
Going to go learn science so I can cure China of the corona virus and make sure our bulk buyers are safe
Did $SPCE discover the cure for Corona-Virus or something?!! 
Chief Rabbi of Safed Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, head of Orthodox Union in Israel Rabbi Avi Berman & 100s of worshippers pray at Western Wall for the end of the Corona virus outbreak. 
Last week you said the corona virus will ‘Go away’ when ‘The  in’ like it’s friggin snow or something. Should you ever be believed? Your mouth is a BS cannon locked on auto fire sir. Get ready for the race Mr. President.
i am huda, destroyer of corona HAHAHHAHAHAHA WTHELL BROOOOO HAHAHHA. I am the VAccinaTION  …
Don't look at what they say, look at their actions as they're dealing with the Corona Virus. Governments lie. Their actions will show more truth than their words. #Coronavirius
Flu causes how many deaths each year world wide? Why is the corona virus so much more deadly & has claimed less lives? I'm sorry but this crap just seems insane & the only reason for controversial issues is that "corona virus" is being used as a bioweapon...
1200 bodies are being burned everyday . More than 1.5 million are under observation . Not 20,000 or 30,000, more than 50,000 are dead. #corona #virus #coronavirus #beijing #wuhan #hubei #koronavirus #breakingnews #pekin #shanghai #shangai #covid19 #ncov2019 
Delhi Police beating Jamia students in library is horrible. Asking why they hd stones in hand? many ppl hv stones in kidneys, those innocent students hd stones in hands, wat's big deal? n why they masked their faces? obviously bcoz corona virus is spreading yaar. id!ot bhakts!
”Corona is not a virus, but avatar for the protection of poor creatures. they  to give the message of death and punishment to the one who eats them,” said Chakrapani. A few weeks ago this Buffoon said Gaumutra is the cure for #Corona virus.  …
Eerie ! Creepily this message is in circulation since morning ..look at that page and it's inked highlights ..as if the publisher of this book waa somehow intuitive of this corona thingy in 1981 and called it Wuhan 400 then. 
Me : I'm in love with you Crush : what makes you think so? Me: Abey pyaar hua hai mujhe, Corona virus nahi jo tujhe uske Symptoms batau.
Fill me up  from my death bed whilst dying form corona virus! for #coldwarcallup20 
Govt of Punjab:State Health Minister Balbir Singh Sidhu said that Centre has added 2 more countries for screening of Corona Virus. In addition to passengers having travel history to China,Hong Kong,Thailand&Singapore,now passengers from Japan&South Korea will also be screened.
I haven’t done a real deep dive on Corona virus in China but no matter what, there might be some big changes in China in  years. #CoronavirusChina  …
CORONA VIRUS Fact vs Fiction & the pattern of Chinese dishonesty 1 of 3 @SenTomCotton @MariaBartiromo 
Waiting for a giant statue of Corona to be inaugurated by Narendra and worshipped by Bhakts after declaring Corona to be an incarnation of Parashuram  …
Across the board Political parties of Pakistan supported China 2/2ese fight against corona virus #PTI @CathayPak @NadeemAfzalChan @AounSahi 
#JamiaUnderAttack #Coronavirius Jamia under attack of corona virus that's why everybody wearing mask and handkerchief Must be corona virus in jamia And police there to spray anti virus spray on them 
Maybe they were being punished for making noise in the library, or not returning books on time . Were they also taking caution in advance against the corona virus ? Jamia Protesters Release Video Of Cops Attacking Students In Library  …
Me: *gets sick* Nobody: Google: My doctor: Not even ministry of health: My parents: I hope anuh Corona virus yuh catch enuh
How much will it cost those two people for a 14-day #coronaviruschina quarantine? Emperor Corona's coverup of this drop dead virus will wipe out Chinese people's savings. China's ambition 2  a consumer based economy will be killed by the virus & Xi's coverup subsequently.  …
It pains me to announce that I will be canceling  and  2020... because of the corona virus outbreak. I was very excited to meeting many of you! I promise I will be back as a better artist than today! P.s. let’s beat this virus! 
"Corona is not a virus, but avatar for the protection of poor creatures. they  to give the message of death and punishment to the one who eats them," said Swami Chakrapani, the National President of All India Hindu Mahasabha.  …
so cancelled yung taping nung Friday. wala pa silang flight dahil sa Corona virus. though perdonally, ready na si Maymay sa teleserye, I am really loving the new confidence. boosted talaga, pansin ko lang!  @maymayentrata07 #MaymayEntrata
Hearing that the Med Reg on call is having to do chest X-rays in CUH if the question is corona virus - because the radiology staff are refusing??? I hope to god this isn’t true!!!! Any info?
So African skin resists Corona Virus....happy black history month 
Madonna Della Corona 1625 Italian Church between Heaven and Earth 
Alhamdulillah people are reverting to Islam in folds, but the claim that corona virus does not affect muslims is wrong, anybody who Allah wills can be affected by the virus irrespective of your religion.  …
They’re not speaking Either Mandarin or Cantonese in the Video. Probably Philippinos or Indonesians. Alhamdulillah people are reverting but we shouldn’t use the corona virus as a reason. Definitely false info.
For all the low IQ Trump supporters that believe in @realDonaldTrump when he says the Corona Virus will go away in the heat of April. It’s the god damned summer in Singapore and South east Asia. They have the Coronavirus.
Corona Virus Watch List Since mid-Jan: 1. Copper -10% 2. Oil -20% 3. Shipping stocks -20% 4. Airlines -11% 5. US 2 v 10s 35bps to 15 6. Eurozone Industrial Production -2.1% in Dec 7. BHP earnings Monday 8. Fed mins Weds 9. IHS Markit PMI Europe data Friday v @BearTrapsReport
Brilliant to catch up with Guillermo Corona. This is the  book on the soils of the Uco Valley. This guy knows everything. #terroir 
Upon the saying of, anything can be healed in the name of imaginary sky dad and fictional Jesus Christ. Yet no Pastor ever cure ebola virus or the new corona virus through prayers. Just imagine if there's no hospitals and scientists in the world.
I have a serious question for @realDonaldTrump . Seriously: How do you feel knowing that the majority of Americans and world population think you’re a moron? Specially after you said the Corona virus will disappear in April because of the heat?
The article says BTS Jhope is the first person to be exclusively featured on the Penguin Village Mural. Jhope's Chinese fans originally planned to do it by themselves, but due to the corona virus situation, they couldn't make it and arranged the service. 
Lots of very interesting things going on in China. The Corona virus might be what brings true change to China China destroys cash to fight coronavirus; Report reveals Xi knew about virus spread before Jan. 7 - YouTube  …
Novel Corona virus is the new Hitler Both their purpose is the same... ~ Decrease the population of the world
Chinese Doctors Say That African Blood Genes Are Resistant To Corona Virus-  
... EXO on YouTube and wrote  on the first video Yesterday, my son graduated from Mangu Elementary School. As they were graduating, parents waited outside the gate because of the corona (virus). The graduation ceremony time was reduced, but I was very grateful that..
WWIII scare, corona virus outbreak, Phillip Schofield gay, Caroline flack suicide, Kobe Bryant and his daughter dead, storm ciara and Dennis ruining people’s houses. It’s fair to say that 2020 hasn’t gotten off to a good start has it ?
What a great idea! Since these guys seem to know more than scientists about climate change, why not get them to develop the Corona Virus vaccine? 
CORONA-VIRUS WAKE UP CALL: U.S. DANGEROUSLY DEPENDENT ON CHINA FOR MEDICATION: "...an estimated 97 percent of all antibiotics & 80 percent of the active pharmaceutical ingredients needed to produce drugs..." in the U.S... CHINA HAS NEAR GLOBAL MONOPOLY  …
Throwback to a couple of days ago at Kotoka Airport, Accra. Oh! We also had to fill out health forms. Nigeria, what’s the latest? What precautions are we taking to prevent the corona virus from entering the nation? When?! 
The world plans to make Vin Diesel responsible for the #Corona spread across the globe because he would be promoting #Corona in all Fast & Furious movies. I am talking about beer not virus. I hope the beer can be the cure for the virus.
Corona virus effect: Global buyers turn to India for textiles, ceramics and homeware.
The Corona virus has affected tourism in Sabah as we used to cater A LOT of tourists from mainland China. Now hotels and lodges in the city, mountain and islands are dropping their rates for the locals, and more Mt Kinabalu climbing packages for the locals.
Barcelona Half. 64.20ish. Not the time I wanted but flu (corona virus) will do that. thirty seven years old and still not listening to coach "don't go out too fast" oops. #barcelona 
Just heard that Corona is in Africa now, crazy how I'm not even worried about death because I was not living since we broke up. Anywho wanna Netflix and chill before corona kicks in? 
Modeling pic from back in the day, photography by my former roommate Jun and makeup by my former roommate Keiko. 2 of the best roommates I ever had. They were from Japan and we lived in Corona, Queens. 
#Thread I was sad speaking to one of our #Calcutta #Chinese friends today. He told me that the Chinese eateries in #Kolkata’s Old and New #Chinatowns are suffering financially since the breakout of the #Corona virus. The resulting paranoia led to a decline in clientele. (1/3)
Prediction for the Corona Virus Growth Worldwide. Current trend is still showing approx 200 000 cases in the beginning of March. #coronavirus #datavisualization 
#BREAKING: 3 Israelis hospitalized in Japan with #Coronavirus. First Israelis to contract #Corona. Were passengers on the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship docking off Yokohama.
Are you a fan of Duran Duran? Are you worried about Corona virus? Today's your lucky day. 
70% of our medicines, Mobile phones and solar panels are hugely imported from China and may face shortage due to corona virus situation WHY CAN WE NOT MAKE ALL THIS IN INDIA ? Why there is so much of RED TAPISM?? MODI has made lot of efforts in promoting this
From Monday 17th of February, 2020 at least 100 million Chinese students will start classes online. It’s going to be the single largest online learning ever in the world. It’s as a result of the Corona (COVID) virus.
Jamia students learnt to read the future and wore masks in the library to protect them against Corona virus. They should have told the rest of the world as well. That's why police beat them.
The word “sneeze” and “cough” no longer exist. It’s now “Corona”
If you missed #TechTalk 2.0 ep.2 it’s live now on YouTube with disabled monetization for talking about Corona Virus We don’t need no stinking Adsense Enjoy the show and see you tomorrow for Twitch stream which may be delayed to afternoon 
The Earth is flat. Climate change isn't real. Bushfires are made up. Corona Virus is a Chinese conspiracy. 
So icancel ang outside school activities tungod sa corona virus, cancelledtttt pud among graduation?????
Tune in to my special Middle East Update today Sunday February 16th at 9:00PM Israel time. Israeli strikes in Syria, Turkey suffers on all fronts, more evidences the corona virus may have been man- made and more! Watch this Facebook live on Behold Israel page! 
Some people are saying they were wearing mask and justifying the kutaai,ignore them they are fascist, they dont know about corona virus oolaa has already informed to the protesters about the launch of corona virus ,that's why they were wearing mask ,stop justifying kutaai modi  …
OK. This is the LeLis coordinated tweet of the day. All of them will outrage on alleged police atrocities on masked students in the library. Incidentally, why does a student require a face mask in the library? Did they have advance notice on the Corona virus?  …
You forgot to add: Students studying effects of Corona virus. DuFus.
Students studying in library wearing masks Tab to corona bhi nahi aaya tha  …
This kind of blind bhakti is more dangerous than Corona virus  …
Not drinking with Asian hoes again, asked that bitch if she had a corona and she called me racist
Despite all the jokes, I rly wish there is a serious research conducted about why Indonesian can withstand Corona virus really well...
