He was shrunk down to cellular size and is personally fighting the corona virus
My girl asked if she should get tested for COVID-19 and I answered ya tienes la corona mi Reyna
Corona cases hit 300k. Deaths hit 13k. Worldwide
“Where have all the anti-vaxers gone... Corona-silent Where have all the anti-vaxers gone? Self-quarantine, I know....” (Didst I offend thou? Too bad. Sometimes you need to mock Idiocracy.)
Dad... I think I see the corona .. 
 out now and wys us we've been shucksed, this Corona prank is too much
The Corona Virus has taught me something very important...when it’s time to buy a house, i HAVE to have a Man Cave. Non negotiable.
is the corona virus already making y’all delusional?? i woke up to see my ex best friend engaged to the dude who took my v card in high school sloppppyyyy
Just called to get a testing appointment for corona and they told me they could test me APRIL 22ND!
so basically, you thinking you have corona is making you think you have corona, which in turn makes you think you have corona
“If Corona doesn’t kill us #DistanceLearning Will.” Luckily this parent is NOT from my school b/c we don’t start until next week. In SPED, I have over 50 families to contact for individualized lessons. #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDー19  …
Have a half full moving truck of games being delivered to my house in a couple hours. My cousin @HSaulter80 & his friend Risked Corona for my game collection!!! 
I ain’t tryna catch corona but I’m tryna catch the vibes
For my young friends who are planning to take the UPSC Civil Services Prelims Examination in May this year – How to prepare in the times of Corona. 
What corona took from me : 
SIUT is performing free Corona Virus test. You are requested to forward this message to all. Helpline#021 99215469
My daughter is feeling poorly. She feels sick and is now literally terrified she has the corona virus. I have done everything I can to keep my language about it sensible and to reassure her that it's not a sickness bug but she is scared
Corona virus shut down Kailua beach! $5,000 fine for trespassing. 
selena washing her hands SHES COMING FOR YOU MISS CORONA 
Govt in India keeping close eye on all Indians who went & returnd via ICPs before Corona sealing on Mar 16 None showd any symptoms at screening but LPAI keeps travel history 21592 via Petrapole(Bdesh) 6109 via Kartarpur 3952 via Agartala(Bdesh) so on Cooperate to defeat Corona 
This corona shit don’t feel real it’s only stopped me from buying toilet paper
Worst fear about this corona virus is me getting it and passing it onto my mam and dad id actually hate myself for not being careful
#insiders regular guest Niki Savva just said that Dutton got corona virus from a gym in sydney, upon returning home from USA... he clearly had it on the  back from the USA.. and then shared it with a sydney gym ... whats with that lie .. how many folksdid he infect
First of all I am sleepless, I'm bored already. Second I am  more worried about this corona, for our aged parents and the weak among us. Ya Allah deliver us from this trial.
50 doctors are having corona virus 1 died My sister is also treating COVD 19 patients please pray for her
y’all are amazing. I wanna hug you all but I also don’t want corona virus so just know I love you, ok? ٩( 'ω' )و
Namibians love alcohol akwetu. We get chased from one establishment because of Corona and instead of going home we move to the next until the police finds us again
Gaza just confirmed its first two cases of corona
Hey, everyone quarantined right now: Get used to it because the government isn't making everyine do it so you know what that means! Corona's gonna keep spreading like wildfire!
I have no sympathy for any regime, or country that dumps on the world with a corona virus, then tries to hide it from the rest of the world for a month, and then blames some other country. Period.  …
my brother was exposed to the corona virus by some asshole who went to work and tested positive who IRONICALLY is a cook and now my brother  home and im honestly having a fucking break down sorry for the  inactivity but my anxiety is at its peak right now.
If ya see me with a boo after this corona shit blows over mind your business
Sum corona selfies 
B.C. = Before Corona A.D. = After Disease
Ahead of a nationwide “citizen’s’ curfew” on Sunday, some Indians remain skeptical of the #COVID19 threat: “I am not scared of corona. When Lord Ram is looking after you, what can possibly go wrong?” w/⁦  …
People who struggle with anxiety and depression are heavy on my mind during this corona outbreak. Being stuck at home all day, for days at a time, it gets difficult to handle. Don’t give up the fight
Guys! My very best friend of 19 years is having a baby! Her water broke today! Aghxijebfkemfjk! She’s going to be the best mom ever! No visitors allowed sadly- so I won’t get to visit her or baby until all of this corona business is over-quick someone find a cure! #BabyArmy
My white blood cells goin to fight Corona  …
If Corona wasn’t around to kill us this would have.  …
can the corona virus just Stop. please
thread of kpop songs that could be about corona 
Corona grounded me 
thnx for likes now listen to this twt and GO VEGAN. there’s a reason why hiv, ebola and now corona are all linked to meat consumption. the meat industry contributes to more than 50% of the climatic damage. use ur pea brains, keep it cute and gtfo bye   …
Biodun calculating how much COZA will make from "special corona Thanksgiving offering" 
Sooo I did a thing... Was feeling some Corona Virus vibes during this long dreadful Quarantine. Don’t forget to wash your hands 
I want corona to be over so I can go out with my friends and start vlogging.
“Trump did not create the novel corona virus (COVID-19), but through his ineptitude, narcissism, and mendacious propaganda he weaponized it and aided its deadly spread throughout the United States”  … via @politicususa
WORKIN ON IT, PROMISE! CORONA HAS SLOWED STUFF DOWN, WAS SUPPOSED TO BE TODAY BUT IT’S LOOKING LIKE EARLY NEXT WEEK NOW
Other countries are going to have zero patience with our self-induced psychodrama while they’re trying to get back on a post Corona level. Whoever wrote that needs sectioning.
if I see any of my mutuals celebrating corona in Gaza you're getting called out, blocked, publicly shamed
a certain female rapper using corona for clout, a disease that has killed thousands, disgusting
US Food & Drug Administration Announces its APPROVAL of 1st QUICK-DETECTOR of CORONA-VIRUS in 45 Minutes --- Ready for Distribution IN DAYS~  …
Lobbying for sensible corona policy 
#LIVESTREAM ALERT: @VanessaCarlton will be playing one song from a previous record & one song from the  ‘Love Is An Art’ each night, starting 𝘁𝗼𝗺𝗼𝗿𝗿𝗼𝘄 𝗮𝘁 𝟱𝗽𝗺 𝗖𝗦𝗧. Live from her living room  … #instagramlive #corona 
why is everyone referring to corona as “she”? it’s ruining everyone’s lives, it’s definitely a cis-hetero man
This Corona Virus really fcking everything up 
all previous years will now be referred to as PC (Pre-Corona) and all future years will now be AC (Anno Corona) thank you
We are at about the same point in the corona growth trajectory as Canada. Why do you think they have shut schools but we have not ⁦ @murpharoo⁩ ? ⁦ @guardiannews⁩  …
the girl i asked out said she wants me  over after corona is over 
Thinking of ways  could dissuade ‘corona explorers’ right noo. I’m still a big fan of the wickerman plan. But how about covering aw the English on the roadsigns? Unleash the coos? Fling birdseed everywhere tourists go so they get shat on
People are now using the corona virus to post highschool sports highlights on their Instagram story. Wild times we live in
Bs sara7a avweraw shway shda3wa it’s only corona y3ne manrou7 ebnaider!!!
*Corona virus is in lvt *Me quarantined at home 
that post corona dick gon hit different
f u corona f u
I’m hearing DC is the official wave post-corona if / when we outside this Summer. Can somebody confirm???
bad news for me is i have all the underlying conditions to drop dead from Corona for now i will try and dodge that bullet by hunkering down
my ex gf has corona
After the corona make them just organize one big street carnival make everybody go jam
Corona Virus Cover For Mass Arrests? PART III  via @YouTube If you don’t watch anything else today, watch Liz Crockin’s new video. She does an excellent job connecting the dots.
not saying I want corona or non, but ordering Chinese everyday issa vibe
Day 7 of quarantine w/ @VAJIAJIA on @jeremyoharris’ chaotic corona show on 
NYC Health Releases Their Guidelines For Sex And Masturbation During The Corona Virus COVID-19 Pandemic  … 
the only one who can find the cure for corona 
My then 20 year old son almost lost his life to the Swine Flu in 2009 because of the poor response of @BarackObama . Thank God @realDonaldTrump is managing this Corona Flu like you would expect from a successful CEO v a career politician!
watched smackdown they don't say specifically why they're filming at the Performance Centre except for "what's happening in the world right now" probably because they haven't decided if they're going to shorten it's name to Corona or Virus
See how everyone wants the month to end without thinking about their salaries. Herh Corona be fcken
cardi b saying corona virusssssss is my mood 
Israel banned direct flights from China Jan. 30. Throughout February banned flights from S Korea and other hot spots. First corona case in Israel Feb 22. My understanding is that flights from China are  into Canada.
CORONA BROUGHT MY MOTHER OUTSIDE! ITS FUNNY HOW BAD THINGS MAKE GOOD THINGS HAPPEN LOVE YOU PANAMANIAN QUEEN (SB) I HAVEN’TSEEN HER IN 2 YEARS 
I know you may think Nigerians aren’t taking the corona virus thingy serous But how do you tell Mummy Kabiru who relies on money made from the market to feed her kids that she can’t go out Starvation is a greater threat to her than the virus And that’s just the truth
Quarantine Day 7 with @dr_sabogh . Corona got nothing on us. 
Hey, is this a crown? Yes, but it's not a crown-virus. Ola, este es una corona? Si, pero no es una corona-vierus. 
If Bob Dylan’s musical heyday was in 2020 his songs would be like - Mr. Quarantine Man - Corona, Corona - Visions of Corona - To Corona - In My Time of Dyin’ (of Coronavirus) - Fixin’ to Die (of Coronavirus)
ima go to sleep someone wake me up when this whole corona virus thing is over ?
As I was leading an ONLINE #CHURCHSERVICE tonight- I got word from my Sister that my 82 year old Mom who lives in Florida tested positive for the Corona Virus... My Mom who before she got married was a Nun-is an Italian woman who I thought nothing could mess with! Please pray!
She legit said is people like you that don't listen that is spreading Corona virus
You don’t think we can build cuz the same folks who outsource to areas that have exposed us to #Corona and other issues, use their media to tell you that “that’s how it’s done now.” They aren’t concerned with anything other than profit. NOT THE PEOPLE. And you fell for it.
#WhenThisIsAllOver We should glance at how the countries with "universal healthcare" provided by the government had worse mortality rates for Corona than the US. 
i forgot about corona for a second
My life feels so empty without WVU sports. Yelling at the tv was a cathartic release and was good for my health. Now I don’t know where to release that anger. Corona has taken so much so quickly 
so uni has just cancelled every assignment and now all I have to do is write a piece reflecting on the year to get into the next year .. I’m going to call it CORONA TIME
If this Corona thing finish, unless dem sack me from bloombar
Send booty pics so I can see if you got corona
My quarantine routine: 6 am-wake up 7 am-5 pm-work 10+ hrs in an “essential service” exposing myself to countless people 6 pm-wonder if any of the people interacted with that day could’ve exposed me to corona and the impact I’m going to have before I know I have it 10 pm-sleep
Biggest scam ever. Trump said 15 days. 6 days in. Hope he understands media and CDC will never declare us corona free.
All of a sudden every parent have a degree in corona virus
Any babe with fat soft nyash and fine face wanna discuss this Corona issue in my dm?
Since I couldn’t do nothing and go out cause of corona this the best pic I got for my 23rd birthday celebration #LitJordanYear 
. @TwitterSafety Please introduce a specific report function for false information about COVID19 Allowing your platform to spread false information endangers lives You have this power and all of us in the isolated corona-caves know: With great  great responsibility.
I pray that the Corona Task Force doesn't lead Trump down the wrong path for our country and for his reelection. Fauci and Birx are not supporters of POTUS, they are both long established swamp creatures. Fauci is not a Hillary supporter, he's a Hillary lover!
Either Corona is a hoax or Our Government are trying to kill us all??  …
If anyone here is fascist, it’s the guy employing pseudo-populist critiques of elites while yammering about the threat of the “non-white”. Yellow Peril is back, and it’s infecting American minds faster than Corona virus.  …
“Thank you for your service” no thank you for recognizing me as a member of the Trader Joe’s 555 Battalion and veteran of the Corona Crisis
imagining the impending "this got real real fast" and then shifting tone of tl corona voice from "meme" to "charitable cause" to "9/11" makes my blood boil this should have been preventable all we needed was  government
Pakistan's capacity issues while facing Corona challenge mainly stem from its culture & its peculiar religious interpretations which are again cultural & have nothing to do with Islam - as Saudi Arabia & other GCC countries have shown that Muslims can be "rational" & "wise" too!
Why dont we use #CORONA awareness, prevention and border control as our first joint project with the #Taliban instead of the prisoner's dilemma? The TB can show their love to the country by joining our efforts in the fight against #covid19! #COVID19AFG #AfghanPeaceProcess
Then they wanna be crying when they get the corona virus. Idiots  …
´¯``•.¸¸.•` ２０２０ `•.¸¸.•´´¯` what has happened: - WWIII scare - australia wildfires - kobe and gianna (rip) - corona ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ what we are still waiting for: - rihanna’s motherfuck!ng album 
Minister confirms Ghana’s first corona virus death #Covid_19 
“Hey girl I don’t have coronavirus but I’m tryna take you to get coronas, kill the corona with the corona amirite hahahah my name is Matt” 
Hm. So many claim to hate "callout posts" but this whole corona cosplay situation  to reveal how important it is to hold people accountable for their actions that actively harm people or perpetuate harmful stereotypes. Obviously some people take it too far, but (1/?)
1. While a lot of us  about restaurants being closed due to Corona , I ask that we stop & think about the homeless population. When I was growing up homeless, we relied on public business to stay open for us  basic living tasks. We needed @McDonalds
this quarantine got me back on my 20 beats a day shit good looks corona
While Pakistan is unfortunately a politically unstable country with a sad pathetic history- but skies have not fallen due to Corona to justify the scenario you are building. If someone has to use "Corona" for political engineering, its only country's sad history & habits!  …
If you are a believer, don’t fear Corona virus... #husky #dogsoftwitter #motivation 
While the whole world is practicing social distancing to fight Corona Virus, these Sharifs are playing games & hugging around.  …
NOVEL CORONA VIRUS 2019 ADVISORY FOR LOCK DOWN IN THE MUNICIPALITY OF SURALLAH: ESTABLISHMENT ALLOWED TO OPEN: >RESTAURANT >BAKERY >PHARMACY >GROCERIES >WATER REFILLING STATION (NO DELIVERY, PICK-UP ONLY) >FISH, MEAT, VEGETABLES VENDORS (NO STREET VENDORS) >AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES
i just watched an entire concert by @leonbridges on his insta live just him sippin on some whiskey and his electric guitar and lemme tell y’all if there is anything i’m thankful about this corona virus quarantine... it’s that. bless that man and his God given voice/talent.
Don’t go to church, catch Corona, die and still go to hell! I’m not saying you will go to hell, I’m just saying it’s not the church building that takes you to heaven. Obedience is better than sacrifice. How is your heart?
Sorry for being inactive lately I’ve been sick for like the past 2 weeks and still am sick cause now I have a ear infection and I’ve been working this whole time too and if you don’t already know I’m a manger at a grocery store and working right now is nuts because of corona
goodnight everyone just remember that there’s 7 million people living with HIV in this country and corona will make the block hot if it spreads. stay at home
My trying to understand my parents that all they're forwarding news about corona virus are fake af.  …
Are those going to be the new designations from now on? BC (Before Corona), DC (During Corona) and AC (After Corona)?  …
Now doctors have literally forgotten all other kinds of diseases. Everything be corona
My point exactly. Her mother could have died from Corona for all he knows then he’s over here playing
#QuarantineDeepThoughts Corona beer really missed the marketing opportunity. “corona: not a vaccine but if you drink a few of them you’ll feel a little better about everything”
. @Reuters archive 2/12/2010: 60 million cases of Swine Flu 300,000 hospitalized 17,000 died mostly young & kids-all in US! Corona Flu-not even 300,000 cases worldwide as of 3/12/20. Difference: @BarackObama was POTUS in 2009 so media & liberal govs didn’t destroy the US economy
they want us to think Joe Biden is died because to hide the truth that he's alive they will spring Joe Biden on us like a mouse trap and we will be trapped inside of our corona cage with Joe Biden screaming "Obiden-bama Democrat" over and over until we are all driven insane 
The iPhone dj guy didn't even sanitize the equipment. Eeee Ooooou Eeee oooo Eeeee Ooooou saa Corona ayɛ no
whatsapp is a disease that’s where my momma heard about blowing a blow dryer to your nose to “prevent corona from entering” HUH  …
I hate this corona virus :( AHHH
Idk if everyone’s getting this idea of social distancing.... just because ur inside someone’s house with 20 of u instead of in a club doesn’t make u any less likely to stop the spread of the corona virus
I haven't had my first corona cry yet, but I'm about to start my period so I'm bracing for the thing that finally breaks me to be something really small and frankly embarrassing. Have you broken yet? What was the thing that did it?
I can hear rappers now "had that ngga hiding in the house like I was corona"
When this Corona virus shh is settled and the world is back to normal CHINA has a lot of explanation to do.
Corona clapped almost 800 mfs in Italy in 24 hrs lmaooo yo we really bout to fucken die
corona needs to pack her bags and leave already
I have this feeling that corona virus will wipe away Boko Haram in Nigeria as well.
THE NEWS: STAY IN THE HOUSE YOU CAN DIE FROM CORONA VIRUS. HOES: SO I CANT GO TO THE BAR?
Remember when we could go outside and not have to worry about Corona Good times man Good times!!
The corona nu...Benin get some anaa? those people i really think they're the only ones who can find the spiritual cure o. wonna only hope be them
Breaking: first 2 cases of CORONA in the Gaza Strip
Corona Live Stream Part 2: 
@hkuppy @calvinfroedge Add 14 days to Voyages, most Major countries adding 14 days quarantine to shipments. $fro $dht $hunt $oet $eurn $tnk $stng Freight rates set to spike as India puts ships arriving from Corona infected nations on 14-day quarantine  …
Idiots Govt is still allowing  in from countries where Corona is killing people. Idiots.
Corona got erbody in the house drunk asl
We had one here, in Tennessee, that I went to High School with. She was in Stage 4 colon cancer and was given a week or so to live, but tested positive for the virus and she passed away 2 days ago. They counted her as a corona virus patient and victim. So, the numbers are skewed.
Do not believe the hype that young people can’t die from corona virus their is a 18 and 20 year old in the hospital on ventilators with no prior medical conditions and they look like they wont make it due to the virus !! Please be safe
Interviews! corona style 
We may disagree with Trump on politics but @elonmusk agrees on this drug and a lot of Legendary Doctors & scientists at Stanford with results from China & South Korea #corona patients. We need to study this drug ASAP!  …
Putting together mini at-home gardening kits for the students of The Arc! Stay home and stay safe, y’all! #corona #coronavirus #covid #covid19 #thearc #garden #diy #saturday 
imagine HOW MANY mixtapes with "corona", "covid" and "virus" puns on their titles will be out in a few weeks buckle up I'm gonna dodge them harder than I'm dodging this virus 
corona virus test, wish me luck. doctor actin strange 
They didn’t #Insiders “pick up corona virus cases by accident” - they had been tested and were waiting for results when NSW Govt decided they could go and get on planes, taxis and public transport and go home.
Yes, it's extremely bad. By "better", I thought she meant the relatively slower spread of corona cases there. But in terms of governance, Netanyahu is doing the same autocratic power grab as the other leaders of the other countries I listed and is close with them, esp Kushner.
soo mercy just texted me and said he has corona virus. he said it is getting serious and he’s gonna he gone for awhile while he is being treated. he said he wishes everyone the best and to be safe.
Would you maybe possibly wanna be my Corona Crush
There is a problem in yellow races, the non-Muslim ones, not Muslims, they’ll eat anything, snakes, lizards, bats - Haroon Rasheed explaining corona...
if anyone can stop the corona virus it’s mitchel cave I don’t need evidence to support my claim it simply is what it is
Graduates of MICROBIOLOGY that are supposed to be making research on this Corona virus are now tailors, make up artists. Nana Addo don’t worry the fasting we go do give you
What my contribution to the corona discussion would amount to, at this time. 
As bad as this Corona pandemic is, I can’t help but thank God and see a silver lining. What if the fatality rate were as bad as Ebola, yet it still maintains it presymptomatic nature? Point is let’s be thankful, and stay safe. We will beat and  it.
Congress calling for national prayer as initiated by the God-hating president? Hypocrisy levels in our government is rising faster than the stats for corona virus spread.
Repoter: Corona virus Shatta bundle : Cororo haviros I'm going to urinate, thank you
Patriots Remember the “ Corona 1 2 3 Step Immediate Family Action Plan” I drew up & sent to my congressman @RepAndyHarrisMD .Well, I got a GENERIC STANDARD RESPONSE!! I’m Sick & Saddened That Our Elected Representatives ONLY care about us at Election season w/robo 
me thinking about how imma buy a gucci belt with my corona check 
Just praying corona doesn’t affect any of my loved ones Cos Allah knows I won’t be able to cope with it
Corona girl, all I’m asking is for you to leave by April. I got plans
We ALL need to take this corona virus seriously About 50% of people in intensive care in Sweden under the age of 65. About 50% in intensive care in Netherlands were under age of 50. In the USA, 47% of those in intensive care have been under age of 65. DO NOT BE COMPLACENT!
Corona not allowing children of immigrants to say "my parents crossed the border so I can cross the stage" is hilarious to me. She said WHAT STAGE!?
So the corona private test was fake!? My man made 2.5 MILLION in one week?
i felt sick this morning so i thought i had Corona virus... turns out i’m just pregnant. 
Corona virus is not a judgement from God Corona virus is not a judgement from God Corona virus is not a judgement from God Corona virus is not a judgement from God Corona virus is not a judgement from God Corona virus is not a judgement from God #COVIDー19
corona virus is helping my FOMO. if i’m not going out Nobody is
POTUS had Two Corona Tweets Today that had  attached What does RR have to do with Corona? News unlocks the Map Dr. Nancy Messonnier (RR sister) is a top CDC official handling the coronavirus response Going to break this graphic down in thread. 
not to speak it into the universe but either david addison nat or zane gonna be the first to test positive for corona and we cannot act surprised when it happens
International Survey on Corona Virus Please help researchers from Harvard, Warwick, Cambridge and other universities understand how people cope with coronavirus! Survey takes 10mins and is available in many languages. 
Hearing about Corona all the time is making me tired
Gas station rhino dicc pills the only cure for corona V RT
Western Journalists Really Want There to be a Huge Corona Epidemic in Russia Pro-tip: You might do better to investigate Ukraine. Or Serbia.  …
I found out that I have been in contact with someone who currently has corona. Therefore, I am self-quarantining myself, but I  fine at the moment. I’m not taking the test as there are plenty of other people who actually need it at the moment.
just wanna know why i started this video by saying corona check and also why it took me 10minutes to  
Dybala and his babe don get Corona virus
..... they would have left all of us in the Nigeria to fight Covid19 alone... This corona is just a perfect example of “your money might not save you” now it’s all about obeying simple instructions like wash your hands, optimize your immune system and social distancing
Italy announced that 793 people died of corona virus as at 2 hours ago. This virus spreads more than rumors. God save Nigeria
Due to the Corona Virus my parents have decide they will keep taking orders but to go only. You can order through the phone & it’ll be ready for pick up, unfortunately we will not be delivering. They have also decided to allow 8-10 people at a time to eat inside. 
#Presidementia & #MAGA2020 aside, this is really clever and very funny. My Corona by Chris Mann  via @YouTube
If you shoot the corona zombies 3 miles away, the virus can't infect you. Be smart.  …
Is it true that corona beer sales have dropped for fear of catching the virus ?? Surely someone is having me on
you can thank miss corona for shutting down the club so i have to throw it back on tik tok instead 
Zimbabwe Police dealing with the church that refused to take instructions of closing for Corona virus (Koro). 
After this Corona thing is over, we all need a vacation.
Corona virus apology tour. I apologize to all of the guys I ghosted in the last year. I just have this thing where I immediately lose interest the minute I obtain something. I should not be allowed to have crushes until I stop being an asshole.
What if we Humans are the virus on this planet and #Corona is the new vaccine? #OtherSideofPic
This corona shit is depressing ... like fr
corona is canceled  …
Mind you, if you cancel plans because of corona, you don't start getting a reputation for being flaky, unlike having to do it with chronic illness
My mates mate is pregnant and her husbands going through Chemo. They need isolate but aren't being offered sick pay unless she gets Corona. It's these little loop holes that are making it hard; have a look @sainsburys I know you're the good guys and sort this  …
Corona watching them Trinis retain a lawyer to escape quarantine 
My close family friend, Dot, 93, fought for her life this wkend after being admitted to hospital with pneumonia. She tested negative for Covid-19 but as so many were ill they had limited resources. When you go out, if you spread Corona, you put others, with any illness at risk
Since Corona fuked up SBft. 
corona is cockblocking ode
Bookings all cancelled, man lose almost 120,000gh! Corona wona!
This corona shit man... 
Staying home is our biggest weapon to fight the Corona Virus. #StayHomeSaveLives
‍ I miss being IN LOVE but in times of this corona virus, I got to make dope freestyles, Music can't stall #QuaratineLife #StayAtHome 
Done talking about this Corona Virus stuff. Just want to eat and sleep till it's clear. Too tired to be repeating same thing.
I am living in a big  in Goiania Brazil at the moment Since the corona virus outbreak and the quarantine Its crazy the amount of screaming and couples arguing i hear now since it started Scared and irritated I hope this ends soon
Stupidity is a deadlier disease than Corona
Indians who wants to be safe from corona virus to kanika kapoor. 
I can hear rappers now “I had that nigga hiding in the house like I was corona”
Anyday #Corona or any virus better than these sub-human filth.  …
@adamcurry I walked in a restaurant to pick up dinner and the guy in front of me tells the cashier “this corona thing is BS” and she said “clearly this is a military Psy Ops exercise to practice mind control in the public” ... I think I accidentally walk in a No Agenda Meetup LOL
I tweeted close the borders when corona entered Nigeria, and 1 person came to tell me Ghana is an Import depended country and the economy blah blah blah, fast forward 21 cases, borders closed. We are not serious in this country.
CORONA MOOD'U 
Did someone say a corona quarantine insta live @11:30pm. Lock in!
Elk root was used to help in the infection with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome; Anthrax, a Type of Corona Virus. Elk Root has an effect on the immune system, your body's defense against germs. Research shows it increases the number of white blood cells, which fight infections  …
Bitch I’m coughing cause I’m off da gas miss me with dat corona shit.
So I just watched John Scott on @FoxNews say that 1 of the symptoms of this Corona virus is a head cold. That's not true. It has not been true from day one. Fever, bad cough, chest congestion. I don't know what's going on. I can't stand the Fox on weekends.
if we survive corona I wanna go to brunch and get dumb wasted off mimosas
I wish I was in the timeline where Hillary Clinton was President and took the corona virus threat seriously in early January, hadn’t decimated pandemic preparedness and believed the experts she was surrounded by. So many lives could’ve been saved. Your vote matters.
WTF? I just got a funding request from Joe Biden w the subject line: My stutter. In the midst of this corona nightmare, he’s asking for money because he overcame his stutter??? This is leadership???
This is the reason Buhari has not addressed the nation. He won't be able to pronounce'CORONA'virus. @NekkaSmith @FreakyC4 @mekuxiani @Chucks_Smith @CaptainArinze @DokunOjomo @olushola_shola 
My friend nathan set up this fund to help out single moms in the ASU Law program during the corona virus outbreak, anything helps :)  …
Corona / COVID-19 image search on Google (innocuous) vs Ebola image search (images of sick, dying, graves etc) 
Gotta get away from Corona 
Frick corona 
Jesus Christ a lot of dirty cheats gonna start new cycles in the morning and say they spent corona time “working on their craft and improving as their game” Fair enough with reason for not testing but to announce this shit is straight up dumb!  … 
Hahahah. Really ? Gosh people are silly. I happen to like Corona beer. Looks like I won’t have any trouble getting some ... 
Fuck Corona 
We are on the frontline for you. Help us, help you. Join the #corona fight in Lebanon. Visit  
grace from ready or not... if this corona thing gets worse... i want her on my team. 
Corona virus in Italy: February 21 : 21 cases March 21: 53,578 cases Nigerians should stop being ignorant and learn from Italy tbh. Shii is indeed real.
For a couple of hours we managed to forget about the Corona Virus that has already took over our lives. Thank you for the fun 
Corona survival tip: You can’t touch your face if someone’s sitting on it. 
We can’t allow the #CoronavirusPandemic Quarantine interfere with our exercise regimen. Here is how my home workouts have been going. How are yours going? #Corona #LockDown #HealthyLifestyle #HealthIsWealth #Gains 
People gathering in flocks and cheerfully shouting "corona"  …
So how do you determine the number of positive tests if my daughter can’t get tested for corona but when she tests negative for the flu the doctor told her to assume she has covid-19 and so now we quarantine her for 14 days?! Make tests available for all! Sucks.  …
I WAS SUPPOSED TO HANGOUT WITH . @ccalebfinn TODAY. LITERALLY F U CORONA F U.
Lemme be real, Corona hasn’t affected my life much, I’m usually this bored
Just last week @JohnCornyn was posting a pic of a Corona beer and telling us to relax. Now the GOP has been spending their time blaming China instead of the Trump’s lack of action, lies and  How many stocks have you sold, John?  …
My 5 yr old on Corona....simple rules... 
I’m already ready for our probate. It’s been a long road in corona land but they couldn’t hold me forever you may know me as Nate but after this I’ll forever be OUTSIDEEEEE
#DebiMazar has tested positive for the corona virus. Wishing her a speedy recovery. We love you @debimazar 
Sanitising people’s hand before entering the church won’t stop the spread of corona if someone with corona is among the congregation
Testing for Corona in the US: 
DM for addy leave the corona at the door 
Men already throwing rocks through Chinese restaurant windows . Bajans discriminative and paranoid ic. People gonna act like if you had Corona once then you got Corona for life.  …
In Argentina with less than 100 cases of Corona @alferdez took the precautionary measure to introduce a police and military  quarantine 2 days ago, with many people self isolating before. Meanwhile in the UK, people are still going down the pub.
Corona Virus vs The Rest of The World 
Absolute proof that the Democrats would harm Americans over politics. #corona #CoronaCrisis #CoronavirusPandemic  …
We were on 1week mid semester breat 2weeks warning strike Now we will go for 1month corona holiday after that indefinite strike Jama'a kuzo ku sayi awara this time around boko bazaiyiyu ba
I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS. I HAVE ALLERGIES NOT THE CORONA VIRUS.
Just tested positive for Corona virus. I will accept your thoughts and prayers. I will also accept your Venmo’s @Patrick-Penfield Thanks.
A very peaceful #Caturday Midnight walk. We saw no one. Even the bus was empty. It snowed today sobit was a bit chilly so we did short walk. #Quaratine #lockdown #Corona 
Tik Tok keeps taking this video down :( so i’m gonna share it here “LIFE BEFORE CORONA” 
corona virus leaving ghana on wednesday dawn before the religious fanatics wake up. 
Why do I have a feeling that corona virus wont see april RT IF YOU BELIEVE IT WILL BE GONE AMEN!!... #COVID19Ghana #COVID
got tested for corona and came out with obesity ffs i hate it here
This Dua isn’t just for Corona Virus, it’s for protection from all evil, as you make the Du’a, also take the precautionary measures, obey the rules and put your trust in Allah. 
Surprise, Surprise! We have a new  to you TOMORROW, 3/22! @MaryHeglar and @amywestervelt sit down with special guest @dwallacewells—from a social distance—to talk climate, corona, and even ecofascism! Get ready! Readings below!
Nigerians should thank God that mosquitoes can't be tested positive to corona Virus ahswearr
I don't know what "we're doing" but what he's doing is raising $2 million, so far, for Corona relief. Biden hasn't been seen since Tuesday. He also doesn't support #MedicareForAll. I'm sincerely asking what it is you're offended by. His asking for your  …
With more time on my hands (thanks corona virus) I've been going through old photos...found this of me & @popeyeuk1...we think it's 1980 he's 18 & I'm 19...Blimey 40 years ago.. 
the SECOND this corona bs is over i’m going get my nails and toes done.
I'm not ready to die... Fucking corona!!! #diavolo #doppio #jjba #jojo #jojosbizarreadventure 
I'm disappointed In Some Ghanaian Journalists. Why do they want to punch unnecessary and unwarranted holes In the Government's effort to control the corona pandemic...Looks like a Machinated effort to thwart the President's efforts! Why?
Hiding from corona only  out a diabetic! No thanks.  …
Corona Virus Cases Worldwide - 276,647 China- 81,008 Italy - 47,021 Spain - 21,571 Germany - 19,848 USA - 19,774 Iran - 19,644 France - 12,612 S.Korea - 8,799 Switzerland - 5,615 UK - 3,983 Netherlands - 3,000 #lockdownpakistan #CoronaVirusUpdate
Bernie Sanders is such an egomaniac & his supporters are such toxic cultists and they have such a  that they... worked together to raise $2million for Corona relief efforts  …
Funny , cause Pro Day would of been this  up and this isn’t recent so it’s scary how ready I am but God has something planned as he always does I thank @ExceedSPF for shaping me into a different athlete and the training don’t stop , whats corona? !! 
Dear Nana Addo, If we are able to get through this, kindly close down some hospitals especially end point homeopathic clinic...Everyday dem tv top dey yob we say dem get machines dem get this dem get  corona dem no dey see top..THANK YOU
Now I know why Buhari must not address us! We may not survive it - Corona Vasis? 
My grandma just called my mum few minutes ago, that she should be taking lime, lot of onions and eating vegetables that these things prevents corona virus. We kids are not left out o. I don tire sef
Corona Virus reminding us how fragile life is, how waking up health is a gift and a privilege, how it all could end before you know it and importantly how temporal life is perhaps it should be a wake up call to one that when you get the opportunity live your best life.
The energy and happiness this Nbs deejay has you might think he's celebrating the first case of Corona in Uganda.
Call all your creditors and claim extreme hardship. Don’t take no for an answer. There are more important things in life, your health being no. 1. The world won’t be the same post corona, anyways. Do what you need to keep you and your loved ones safe. Hang in there
Not one to vent but Yo some people really need gotta stop with the "seti qori na corona ga qori, we can still go out" BS and "keitou na kaiviti" rubbish. Listen Dipshit, this pandemic is bigger than your ego, stick your black ass at home and sanitize and isolate.
It was confirmed the other day i caught the corona virus from the airport. As though that's not distressing enough, it is also terminal.
It’s called perfect contrition, and it’s been around a lot longer than the Corona virus, dude.
Which radio station and tv station in Nigeria is informing people with latest updates about Corona virus?
The Corona Issue and the Crisis in Modern Islamic Legal Thinking 
Interesting long read on post Corona  …
Nobody was lying when they said they don’t have 2020 vision cuz we definitely DIDNT SEE this corona virus 
 18, f*ck you corona 
Today, we received a letter from the HRA about CALMED trial. Recruitment onto CALMED trial is being halted in order to give priority to other clinical trials linked with the effort  the corona virus. So I guess the fight will resume in due course. @RITB_ 
These sex guidelines from New York State during the corona virus are sending me 
Moving out of my flat and going back to Bristol for a while until Corona is under control. Gonna be weird living at home again after being in London for 4 years, but I’ll be back up ASAP continuing the madness x
Love this picture, my present coach and past, so much love and respect for my amateur coach Georgie Treble, and just starting an exciting new journey with @McGuigans_Gym if this corona would f**k off #boxing 
ITS F*CKING CORONA TIME 
Imagine they shutting down the Internet cos of corona virus lol all the Instagram Laide & models don fear as they see this tweet
So with the Corona diet, what meals have you had recently and had to improvise? The funniest one wins a bag of poo pellets
I think corona virus and empty trains are sending me insane 
Some human decided to just go and penetrate our virgin country Uganda with the Corona Virus. The idiot!!! - Feeling disappointed with 42 million others.
So, Corona got my work life at a brief, since I’ve just been laid off . So if you’d like to support at this time, I’ll drop my Spotify profile. I’m on all platforms as well. I appreciate all of you who have always supported me  …
Interesting fact. 40% of patients with the Corona Virus in the hospital in the US are ages 20-54. A total change from what happened overseas. 
today is amavasya, the darkest day of the month when mercury goes into gatorade to poison all bacteria and viruses boom checkmate corona
Corona Virus is not a joke, Take it seriously before it's too late please. Stay home for you & ur beloved ones..Here's picture from Italy. 793 deaths in 24 hours is no joke. PRAY! #PrayForItaly #Covid_19 #ItalyStayStrong #ISupportJantaCurfew 
Breaking: a woman with corona immersed in one of the mikvaot in Efrat. The mikveh has been closed and all of the women who used it that day are supposed to go into quarantine. Why are they still keeping mikvaot open at all? It is unrealistic to think this was the only case.  …
38% of Americans think the Corona virus is caused by the beer, the other 68% think it is caused by this guy. 
@CsMutahiKagwe It is our responsibility as Kenyans to prevent spread of Corona virus. My friend and I innovated an automatic handwash for soap and water to help out the situation. 
Shahbaz Shb - wearing a mask won’t stop you from getting Corona according to the CDC... masks should be priroritized for health workers and those that are sick - so they don’t pass on the virus. Looking forward to your expertise helping but let’s start with the basics  …
the parties after corona has ended are gonna start a new pandemic all in itself
Corona virus case in Italy Week 1 : 3 cases Week 2 :43 cases Week 3 : 245 cases Week 4 :4747 cases Week 5 : 12729 In South Africa Week 1: 16 Week 2: 150 It has gotten to 240 already This is not an arithmetic progression,but a geometric progression. God save
& Y’all See Why Corona Won’t Stop Spreading Because Y’all Won’t Stay Put
When the Corona Virus finally exhausts itself and the danger is over, let's do something good for our country, spend our holidays in England, eat in local restaurants, buy British products, buy local meats and veggies and support local businesses, get them back on their feet
Repost: Anonymous Bites Back: Corona Virus Exposed (Part 1) Listen to how our Anonymous researchers pick this virus apart.. Stream:  … #Anonymous #AnonymousBitesBack #Covid19 #Covid_19 #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDー19
Caught a colourful #corona around #Venus whilst #socialdistancing a couple of nights ago... #coronavenus #stormhour #lookup 
Give us your corona questions for the boys. Patreon is cooking with queefs. @marknorm @JoeListComedy
Maybe if i call the corona virus dad it’ll disappear
PHOTO: For hosting an "Owambe" party today, contrary to the directives of the Lagos State Government as part of corona virus measures, Regency and Imperial halls at the Ikeja Central Business District were today sealed by the State Government. 
#blijfthuis #Corona In the future, scientists will wonder how it came to be that the IQ of the dutch suddenly increased 10 points during the Corona pandemic... We know why: 
NBS DJ has just said, “first case registered. Corona celebrations”
A special shout out to all the cleaners who are risking their lives to save yours. I realise their jobs aren't as glamorous as a doctor or a nurse but the cleaners are just as important to the fight against the corona virus #Corvid19
Me praying against Corona on Wednesday 
When I knew corona wasn't a joke was when I saw the picture saying "no holy water due to the virus" Ahhhh, holy water that even Dracula is scared of?
Satan: If you know you are the son of God, play ten ten with corona risk, it will not touch you or your flock. For it is written the blood of Jesus shall keep the pestilence at bay. Jesus: First of all, that is not written anywhere. Secondly, thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God
Bernie discusses the corona virus, and what matters in the last debate. Not Me, Us. 
Paracetamol escorting the Corona Virus outta the body after it did damage : 
The thing is though, this is a temporary solution. Like putting a plaster on a broken arm. Long term solutions need to put in place to house people experiencing homelessness, not just those who are now suffering from corona virus  …
London is calling out: post your self-isolation vigil pic #WeAreJulian @Candles4Assange to show your support for heroic journalist #JulianAssange. Write to MPs and @BelmarshHMP to demand his immediate release due to corona threat. His freedom is our freedom 
I have tested positive for corona. Shortness of breath was bad enough to go to the ER last night. I’m  healthy 30 year old. Practice social distancing, if I had those symptoms imagine your grandparents reaction or someone with asthma. Be smart for those around you
Actually we don’t have any measures to stop the corona virus Let’s do the fasting and prayers too and see erh
Peace suggestion: Once the sun goes down, don’t check corona-news for 24 straight hours. Take a sabbath. Listen. Rest your mind. Read a book. Chew on scripture. Eat good food. Kiss your spouse. Play with kids. Pluck an instrument. He’ll restore your soul if you let Him.
People (someone I love greatly) around the world with chronic illnesses spend years of their lives with no energy, cooped up, unable to exercise or even leave the house some days & no-one takes them seriously. I hope the corona virus may change that and help them in the future
Universities in China are helping their government in research for antidote that can cure Corona virus (Covid 19). Universities in Nigeria are closing together with nursery Schools
J. Añez led the coup d'etat in Bolivia for 300$k and murdered more than 35 indigenous people. During the Corona crisis she buys now with blood money a house for 100k$. Does justice exist for the backyard of U.S.A? #bolivianosecalla #covid19bol #añezESratera #añesESasesina 
Starting of 2020 : January : world war 3 Feburary : asutralia bush fire March : corona virus April : Astroid can be hit I think this year is direct by " ROBERT B. WIEDE
This level of Stupidity is another challenge in the fight against Corona  …
Big Ben looks like he's been hiding from the corona virus for a decade already 
This is the most ghettoest shit ever . Fuckkkkk Corona cause I want a real probate shit
Every time I read anything that says corona virus I say it in Cardi B voice lmaooo
what’s the first thing you want to do when this corona virus is over?
Please join me at  … for weird and good product recs but more for small pleasures in the time of corona and please please please donate MONEY to your local food bank branch where every dollar can feed multiple people.
Cameron is us kicking Corona’s ass #JaredLetoCinemaClub #ferrisbuellersdayoff #StayAtHome 
I feel like Bill’s corona tweets are going to age very poorly 
Once the corona virus ends they’re gonna send out the drafts for WW3
So I stay in the same zone as the Corona guy..I don't mean to brag but my Heart beats at 200 beats per minute right now
when this corona social distancing thing is over i am getting bubble tea the size of my head
Wow! I just learned that Mississippi’s Corona Virus death was my friend Howard “Fade” Pickens, who was Max’s barber. RIP Fade- a good man!  
Tiny Zanzibar, reliant almost exclusively on tourism (80% of  and traditional cash crops, is shutting down 95 per cent of hotels. We in poor and fragile states may survive corona but will we survive the imminent economic tsunami in the wake of corona?
If they were what you described it would be breaking news on CNN and would overtake corona coverage... but being what it is you will never see this reported by mainstream meadia...
It is no longer news that Corona Virus is here in Nigeria, and local transmission has been confirmed. You don't have any special immunity from being black or living in a hot weather. Obey simple rules of staying at home, social distancing, and washing your hands.
In case you are a "visual" person, here's what today's increase in infected Corona cases in Lebanon looked like... 
Silver lining of Corona Virus is public awareness that: A)Unwise immigration ruined national cohesion  B)We have  welded to Chinese dictatorship. Don't vote for any party refusing to explicitly acknowledge & repair both. Pass it on. #OperationSunshine2020
Tips on what to do at home - start a journal - make jigsaw puzzles - learn a new craft - back up your files - listen to a podcast - doodle your pet - organize your mess - meditate - write Check Youtube & Pinterest for ideas Where possible #StayHomeSaveLives #Corona #Covid19
MORONS: I’m hardly pro the establishment but FFS stop going to the pub. Imagine you bump into someone with corona who’s showing no signs, you get it, don’t get ill but give it to an elder and they die? You’re not…  …
woke up remembered corona virus exists instantly got really sad
Chale this Corona thing make serious ow See how na Nana Addo make sad when he was addressing the nation Oh Lord Save us
It was all fun, memes and games.... and now it’s confirmed . CORONA VIRUS confirmed in Uganda. 
NEW JENKINS & JONEZ!! We know everyone is home bored so we are trying to record more. This is the first episode of our interview series AKA Corona Chronicles AKA Rona Roundtables. @DragonflyJonez @LaJethroJenkins and I are joined by @loganmmurdock  
Suicide is an epidemic in the UK. One man dies every two hours. Corona virus is now taking 2 people an hour. Those stats are going to rise. Italy lost an average of 33 people an hour last night. This isn't just flu. This is real Get your shit together and follow the rules
What ? Corona means Quran.A Killing Virus No argument from me Abdul India: Muslim protester refuses to disperse, says “corona means Qur’an” and won’t harm Muslims  …
Tonight, *150,000* Israelis joined former Shin Bet & Mossad directors & a former justice of the Supreme Court to decry Netanyahu's assault on democratic institutions while protected by #corona. 
The Prophet’s Mosque is closed for the first time in 14 centuries, since the time of the Prophet’s mission of Islam. Ya Allah please end this Corona virus 
The Corona Virus has taught us that: - No faith healing works - There are no miracles - Even religious people rely on Science in these critical times, not on their God - Jesus, Allah & the Hindu Gods are as real as the Greek Gods - Our hope is Critical thinking & Science 
#16 is my immune system fending off corona 
ADOS Life before Corona  …
Common corona virus side effects may include: •Death  …
Those people thinking of stocking up their fridge for 2 months because of corona ,,,, Eneo is laughing
MUST WATCH #GuantanamoStay at #GuantanamoBay! #CoupCabal #Castaways captured on #EpsteinsIsland #LostFootage! #Corona #ThesePeopleAreSick #CoronaCrisis  #PiratesoftheCaribbean fly from #EpsteinIsland 2 #Gitmo! @TrumpCanuck & @EYEDROPMEDIA 
Corona Virus has taken the focus away from other explosive stuff like this.  …
The fasting and prayers go stop corona virus?
Cannot wait for the WBC  out with a statement saying because of the corona virus Dillian Whyte will now have to wait until 2022 until he gets his title shot
When your doctor realizes you have the corona virusand they may now be infected: 
'Jamia students temporarily call off anti-CAA stir' amid #CoronavirusPandemic & requested protestors to take care of their health & safeguard themselves from Corona. "(But) our fight against the #CAA_NRC_NPR remains  JCC  …
My patience with corona right now  …
Pray for my tia guys! Pray for her colleagues amongst her. She’s at one of the corona testing sites. PLEASE STAY HOME, so she  home healthy to us 
So he had Brexit, Floods, Corona virus, and that's just the 1st 6 months. 
Over 700 people dying in a day in Italy , Our motherland Uganda has now confirmed its first case of this deadly Corona virus. It’s now upon us to either follow the directives from the President and @MinofHealthUG or wait to bury our own people because of avoidable mistakes.
Corona virus has been confirmed in religious scholar MuftiNaeem. He was shifted to hospital. Lahore 
March smells like m o n e y // @cult_of_rezz _ in the Kollide choke // Shop now at  , use code “CORONA” for 30% off 
That's good that Joe Biden got his plan out on March 12th but Elizabeth Warren released her plan to deal with the corona virus on Jan. 28th, followed by 2 more plans on March 2 and then March 12th. Just saying.  …
Its only a prayer and safety that can over power corona virus...so don't stop praying for yourselves #coronavirusInUganda
11:11 may god protect us from corona virus
Leave conspiracy theories alone! For now ignore who invented Corona and why! Focus on how you will protect yourself and your family! Stop sharing ridiculous and fake rumours! Like that very stupid idea of seeing hair in the Qur'an to be soaked in water and drank.
Sending some softness & whimsy & gratitude out into the world. Thank you to all the healthcare workers on the frontlines. And let’s have patience for those trying their best in trying times who can’t #stayhome - pharmacists, grocery store clerks, mail carriers #corona 
In another country, Joe Biden & I wouldn’t have been in the same party & anyone who needed a corona virus test would have one.
Ethiopian air ways making sure every African country gets a Corona virus case 
The good news is that our colleague with the corona virus was identified quickly at the airport and quarantined last night at around 2am. Hopefully, they make it through. . Now that all flights are cancelled, hopefully, we can control this better.
nsu spring breakers going to florida: corona virus who?! president of nsu: 
Please stay at home. Do not bring Corona Virus to our Rural Areas.  …
CORONA in India proved that our biggest problem is not illiterate people but stupidity and arrogance of literate people
Ronaldo the type of dude to get Corona for PR
This evening I became the publican of The Virtual Armes. You set up a Zoom call with your friends, grab a drink and settle down for an online natter. Sounds like a non-starter but it's actually quite good. #Corona #lockdown
Y’all might as  slide through to this tiktok live concert I’m having tonight Can’t let the corona kill the vibes! (Tiktok: @jaylinhoward10) 
Corona Virus would only be worth getting if people owed you money “You don’t have my money? You have a lovely home here, it would be an awful shame if someone was to SNEEZE IN IT”
. 停！立即洗手！ ‘CORONA VIRUS AWARENESS’ T-SHIRT FREE CURE VIAL & STICKER-PAK LINK BELOW 
I caught  through London. Couldn't get tested cause I couldn't state a name of a confirmed case. But by god was I ill and couldn't get hospitalised. I cant see my family, my dad has cancer. I'm isolated for 2mths. STAY INDOORS! IT KILLS
I don't drink but I'm very urged to drink Corona to balance out the pure stupidity of people
People Are Getting Suspended Or Its Corona Virus Infected Their Accounts? 
A typical Nigerian is selfish, greedy, wicked , selfish and without conscience. After this Corona phase, we need to start doing better individually and as a Nation.
"Boltholes", "splendid isolation", "away from all talk of corona virus". Inspiration for when it's all over? Pull the other one.
To the #doctors on the front line, thank u. To everyone else, thk u for helping us us prevent the spread of #COVID by socially distancing. Stay home so you #dontgoviral. (Pictured: Drs. Mundozie, Cockrell, McGinnis, Valenzuela) #Covid_19 #CoronavirusPandemic #Corona #COVIDー19 
The same Zimbabweans who believe in Njuzu, zviGoritoto and zvidhoma, refuse to believe in the dangers of Corona. Lolol. My people perish due to lack of knowledge.
Our thoughts & prayers are with Paolo Maldini who was recently diagnosed with Corona virus....the LB Serie A: European Cup/Champions League: Coppa Italia: Supercoppa Italiana: UEFA Super Cup: Intercontinental Cup: 
IF THE DEMOCRATS RAN THE USA THE SPREAD OF THE CORONA VIRUS WOULD HAVE LED TO 250,000 DEATHS AND OPEN BORDERS AND FLIGHTS FROM ALL COUNTRIES. BECAUSE DEMOCRATS ARE PANDERING JACKASSES, THEIR INCOMPETENCE IS 100%
The rising caseload isn't just a response to testing. Look at the trajectory of the corona-related deaths for the U.S. It's tracking the number of cases in growing at 33% per day. 
I'm a millennial. I was a teen on 9/11, looked for my first job in 2008-9, and now corona. And that's it. No world wars, revolutions, cataclysms, hyperinflation, genocide — just about as peaceful and prosperous a couple of decades as history can remember. I feel very lucky.
If a man wants to he will & that’s on miss corona sis
Where we vacationing too after corona leave?
36 year old Man confirms positive for Corona Virus in Uganda. He arrived in Uganda today aboard Ethiopian Airlines from Dubai.
Happening now @ntvuganda. @MinofHealthUG announcing that Uganda has its first case of corona virus. A man was screened at Entebbe airport and follow up tests proved him positive for #COVID19. He was off an Ethiopian flight from Dubai.
Two birds with one stone: what if they did it to where your check shipped after you fill out your census form, and everyone gets the same amount, ensuring massive census cooperation? #Census2020 #Corona  …
Corona confirmed in Uganda, a 36year old male who arrived from Dubai today morning, tune in on NBS
Corona is here .let us eat whatever we have. We are going to die.
793 new death in Italy(4323 in total) . Corona is  we need to take it seriously please hle. I am begging you black people
Corona is the virus but landlords are the parasites
With listening to corona every 5 seconds I didn’t even realise it’s Mother’s Day tomorrow fuck
For hosting an "Owambe" party today, contrary to the directives of the Lagos state government as part of corona virus measures, Regency and Imperial halls at the Ikeja Central Business district were today sealed by the State government. ME: Churches and Mosques be careful ooo 
Late night cruise My baby's baby Your boo's wish Your daddy's crush Your Corona  to me *check the meaning of sarcasm before spewing trash, okay* Drink water and mind your business 
Salam khan special message about corona virus ! Ye public holiday nh hai. 
Long after this crisis is over, the way we do Church will be remembered by two distinct dispensations. BC - Before Corona and AC - After Corona 
corona rly had my package delayed for three whole days!!!!!!!! but she finally came 
Trump supporter said corona-virus is over-blown by democrats. Said there are more deaths from the flu than from corona-virus. Wonder if he heard that on Fox News?
Nothing lasts forever, even Corona  to an end.
David Bryan has been tested positive for Corona Virus. Get well soon @dbdavidbryan
The Prophet’s Mosque is closed for the first time in 14 centuries, since the time of the Prophet’s mission of Islam. Ya Allah please end this Corona virus 
101 years old corona virus patient recovered in the city of Varamin, Iran. #Iran #WeWillDefeatCorona 
People don’t understand that the major issue is not the virus itself but the strain it puts the healthcare system in, cancer doesn’t stop, seasonal flu, strokes, heart disease don’t either but now we can’t deal with that PLUS Corona virus, THATS the threat.
Me and  to jannah after dying from corona 
LMFAO. This COZA. Can never trend for the right reasons. Well, they have AC, Thermometer and most importantly, The Blood of Jesus to stop you from catching Corona Virus. That's what y'all get for enabling a highly functioning psychopathic pastor that believes his own lies.
I am cooking my ass off...serving myself iconic cocktails and journaling dreams post corona i might be a twerkin’ singin chef bar tender writer
Me tuned into NBS waiting for breaking news on the confirmed Corona virus case Currently showing; Suzana 
Coronatine should be corona time. 
The Arnold vs Sylvester feud was  to the Sawa/JTT feud. I wanted to get that out there Incase the Corona gets me.
The most affected people in this corona season is tech girls, them no dey get gob3 chop again. Cold Turkey dey barb them one one.
Corona, Corona #COVIDー19. That same energy you’re using to rush Chloroquine, if you used it to rush condom... the world would be a better place. Better use a condom this quarantine period if you’re not married or sure of your partner’s status. HIV is still a virus #SipsZobo
We have just launched a campaign in Mosul #صفرها (Keep Mosul Corona-Free) to raise awareness among the people on danger of Corona and its consequences. This campaign aims to mobilize civil and governmental efforts to prevent corona. You too, #صفرها Stay Home, respect the 
I hope you have the almost unique distinction of surviving the 1919 Flu and 2020 Corona virus.!
Has anyone seen President Ramaphosa since announcing measures on Corona? Isn't he suppose to be seen leading this thing from the front, including disciplining reckless ministers? 
pakistani government trying to explain severity of corona to awaam.  …
Hey guys I hate to do it but I’m rescheduling all shows through May 28. The new dates will be announced soon! That includes the taping of my special . Don’t worry we’re gonna tape when this is all over and I’ll include some good Corona stuff . See you soon and wash your hands 
President Trump will begin use the Emergency Broadcast System to give daily Corona virus updates totally bypassing the Corrupt Media clowns. @realDonaldTrump
is your school closed due to corona virus ? 
Everyone is seriously concerned about #COVID19outbreak , Some are looking when government to announce Lockdown but there is a segment of intellectual corrupt, morally collapsed people celebrating Shahbaz Sharif arrival like he is carrying Corona Vaccine in his bag.
When I got married I was confronted with how selfish I am. When I had kids they exposed how impatient I am. When I started pastoring it showed me how proud I am. When I am forced to self-isolate coz of corona its made me realise how powerless we ALL are! #sanctification
Corona vs us.. we will win.. that’s a promise 
I don’t understand, why are some of you celebrating your own country confirming a corona case? What kind of rubbish is that?
So a highly suspected corona patient died in jinnah and no tests and multiple contacts. So much tnsn in hospital. Everyone is afraid tonight. 
Breaking News: Corona Virus confirmed in Uganda This is the first case.  up shortly
The confirmed cases of Corona virus will TRIPLE after church and mosque services tomorrow Na religion go kill us for this part
Since we can’t go to church,  a few “Things That Pastors Say During The Corona Pandemic” FULL VIDEO - IG: theblackwendy 
Bossman ain’t taking no risks with this Corona ting 
Breaking News: Corona Virus Confirmed in Uganda. God have mercy! #COVID19UG #Covid_19
Fasted Garage Workout 2 Mile Nature Run Giant Riced Cauliflower, Sauteed Spinach/Kale/Cabbage, Avocado, Carrot, Kimchi, Chicken GAINS BOWL Meditation / Journaling. Solitude. Ain't. Bad. Use this Corona-Time to dig deep and face yourself, work on yourself, love yourself.
I was in Sagamu at the weekend (this was after Lagos had confirmed cases), no social distancing, no screening before entering a public building, no sanitizer in sight, very few even heard of Corona Virus.  …
reading ayat-ul-kursi and blowing it on myself. [it'll save me from every buri aafat (corona)].>>>>>>>♡
My producer got corona y’all
 data - from 2 days ago Please note that I am NOT diminishing the Corona virus in terms of its potential severity or the hightened risks to the most vulnerable - but we do need to examine these data more deeply to ensure our response is proportionate 
Corona or cornea seeing everything clearly for what it is in 20/20
As per our pediatrician we’ve put our daughter in isolation for possible corona. She is exhibiting some of the symptoms & at this stage can not be tested. Trying to figure out how we’re gonna contain this if people with only some symptoms don’t qualify for testing to rule it out
Might have cost thousands of people around the globe their lives!!!! Many South Africans contracted Corona in the USA. Trump just wants to look good and faultless through it all. No leader is perfect but his attitude is ludicrous and detrimental.
NO ONE BETTER TO BE QUARANTINED WITH. CORONA WITH LIME TEAM @MrFungi_Q @CallingDrLove69 @Foxxxy4Trump @Dfowler0615 @Rini3b1 @SouthSweetPea61 @KellyC70022 @KAGTrumpGirl71 @JeffMcTN1 @klc4_trump @Bonedaddy76 @monster4341 @NINJAKEK1 @ImTheRealGunny #ShoutOutBlitzTrump2020 
What is more contagious? The Corona Virus(which is another strand of the Flu). The Vaccines they claiming will cure people. The media attempting to put us in a state if fear. Rt this post Follow all Patriots Bookmark  back Follow me @ProLifeVet4Life please
If you're curious what's the deal with the main channel: I've been working on a video explaining ever Warhammer 40k faction. The script had eclipsed 22 pages and I'm looking to set up my green screen and get a lav mic for it. Corona has slowed down a big project basically
Israel’s first corona victim: An 88-year-old Holocaust survivor Israel’s first coronavirus-related fatality was identified on Saturday as Aryeh Even, an 88-year-old Holocaust survivor, who caught the virus in the senior home where he lived in Jerusalem.  …
CORONA CARE #coronacare By keeping our distance from others we can save lives. Do we need a better opportunity to contribute to the humanity ? Let's not be guilty of not doing it 
So as I reported earlier The person who died of the Corona Virus be Lebanese. Still no local Ghanaian..we move
Regal Andrew is now live to continue raising our goal of $25,000 during our 24 charity stream to help those being affected by the Corona Virus. We will be using @DirectRelief as our charitable cause. #RegalReserve Up next is @MindofAndrew 
If God forbid Corona peaks in Pakistan, we will have to go into the lockdown eventually and then crippling economy & rotten system could lead to riots. We will have to take care of deprived people otherwise social system will collapse and it will have ripple effect on all of us.
Switzerland, 1,300 more cases in one day, total to 6,113 incl. 56 deaths. "It is not the measures that will make the difference, but the behavior of the population", said Daniel Koch, head of the crisis team.  … #CoronaCrisis #Corona #CoronavirusPandemic
I have a good friend (American) w/ a factory in Taiwan with 1 million N95 masks READY TO SHIP NOW. He's contacted multiple Governor's offices and no one has gotten back to him. $2.80 each-- much cheaper than what @NYGovCuomo is buying them for. DM me if u know buyers. #Corona
I really fear there is an impending disaster in the US that is going  dwarf the impact of corona in any other country so far (with the UK maybe not far behind)  …
the way Punchnello’s Corona mv has been on EVERYONE’S youtube  
Staff meal tonight, courtesy of @LePatissier1 you big ride ya. Talha is glaring disapprovingly at my belly as I type this. Corona calories don’t count do they ? 
Honestly this corona shiz & not being able to workout all week has gotten to me.
CORONA DIARIES Day 6 Time, as I know it, now seems to stand still. Minutes seem like hours. Hours seem like Infrastructure Weeks. #CoronaDiaries
No it’s important to remember that babies may not be vulnerable to Corona but they are vulnerable to many other things so services for their families must continue during this very difficult time. Their lives are just beginning @VivJBennett @Jochurchill4 @first1001days  …
Just had the sad realization we gotta start saying “we in here” instead of “we out here” Devastating. Corona has taken so much from us.
‘Love in the time of Corona’ These two are ace, the wedding must go on! Pleasure being part of it. Skeleton ceremony, live stream to the congregation, 2D stags to bolster numbers! Beers on the Royal Crescent. It is amazing what you can do when the world closes in. #Wedding 
This is hardly a news now as its not trending these days and we all know economy is failing because of Corona. #PMCBank  …
This corona virus got me so bored I’m taking mirror selfies MAKE SURE TO WASH YOUR HANDS PALS AND HAVE A GREAT DAY 
Corona can simultaneously be both a major public health emergency and also not a life annihilating event. Carelessness of spring breakers and boomers unwilling to accept changes to normalcy leads to more danger and greater urgency for more severe restriction. Accept the situation
Corona has proved that everything around us is so temporary. Things our lives revolved around like work, gym, malls, movies, society have all gone for a toss as we are learning to live without them. It has taught us that in the end, it's our own home & family that keep us safe.
Corona got me in the house like this 
Nowhere to train, so I created the Corona Development Center 
So that’s where all the #toiletpaper went!!! In all seriousness, I hope you all stay healthy and safe in these arduous times. Stock up, but don’t go crazy like #ultron here. Leave some for your neighbors! #marvelstudios #coronavirus #corona 
Homosexuality has been normalized in the society. Nowadays you look around , the men are posting photos with their boyfriends and so are girls even making out n posting well that’s everyone living their lives. Do you think God is happy? I mean locusts,corona in 2months
BREAKING NEWS: Corona Virus confirmed in Uganda.
On the mother's day, 19 Palestinian mothers in Israeli occupation prisons are living in a state of severe anxiety for their children under the spread of Corona virus. 
Both of them have openly supported restrictions on religious gatherings during corona crisis yet some people are making this a sectarian issue. 
Just Watched this 2011 Movie 'CONTAGION' and its hella creepy at this #CoronavirusPandemic time. It speaks of everything on the corona Virus. I don't believe in such coincidence. The creators of this movie should help us answer some questions. DAMN! #coronavirusinKenya 
I hope all of you who pray are prioritizing a cure for Corona in your quiet times because things are looking really bad for a lot of people. Africa especially can’t afford this to spread like it has elsewhere. We need that cure ASAP. Please pray
Homeschooling Home cooking Starting a victory garden No more  Sleeping in every day Family time Shopping with purpose, not impulse buying Buying only what we need, not what we want Perspective Corona is a harsh master, but an effective one
One thing this corona should teach us is that RAPTURE is very real! That's another event that will shut down everything! Ready?
Corona virus is being dealt with...hopefully it will end soon. But what’s our plan for “Qurana virus”?  …
As I said a few days ago, expect less reconstruction and other work as all of Syrian society shift focus to prevent Corona. Today, rebuilding of Souk Khan Al-Harir in Aleppo was stopped and postponed until further notice. Likewise most likely applies to other projects in Aleppo.  
Me after this corona shit over 
I've been tested for #corona in (streets very quiet) Valletta #Malta and am impressed. Called up the hotline, quizzed by nurse, and hours later they were at my apartment taking a test. Two days later I got the clearance call. All for free. Meanwhile, in the #USA...
praying for paolo and daniel maldini who have both tested positive for corona virus. this is a serious pandemic that is spreading rapidly worldwide, stay indoors and stay safe 
Are you kidding me right now? HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE Manufacturerd By: Watson Labs, Inc. CORONA, California, USA Coincidence? No coincidences. Q  …
“Japanese are fastidious hand washers” is a myth I see all the time in corona stories. Many, many restrooms here have no soap and only cold water. Most men I’ve seen in the public restrooms either don’t wash their hands, or just perfunctorily get their finger tips wet. #Japan
Corona who? Just a few hours and phone calls. Building the Dam on Lake Street. 
(3/4) Confinement -> Corona curbed but not eliminated ->Poverty -> lack of confidence of people and necessity to go out -> Surge of Corona -> Confinement 5- As a result, either we give ourselves the means of a total confinement (politically, economically and socially),
(1/4) I am not an expert, but below are some concerns with the strategy on #Corona despite all the efforts made in Lebanon: 1- confinement has been reinforced but is still not total 2- any confinement needs to be  by economic incentives and social protection
not gavin creel having corona 
Hey @JeffreeStar me and my friends are seniors in college (we’re sad) and already miss each other Bc we can’t go back to school due to corona. Would you take us in so we all can hangout? My friends make good food and are funny. Big fans! 
Update on the first confirmed Corona Virus case in #Eritrea. Guy was 1 of 3 - drunk - men who was stopped at the Airport because of heat signature. Everyone else was allowed to go home. 12hrs later, calls were made  back & quarantine. So far only 8 out of 80 returned.
If I have corona bury me in my math hat.
Hey y’all Sorry I’ve been absent lately, it’s crazy times out there and Thumbs has been busy I’m glad doggos can’t get The Corona because I’m no good at social distancing with the one I love bestest 
Will the Corona Virus finally kill India's smugness and arrogance? That would be a  side effect.....
DEMs + Chinese Chunks = Corona  …
glad i’m living life from one moment to the next, cause i haven’t made any long term plans that corona could’ve ruined. can’t go according to plan if you don’t have one!
Watson Pharma? Located in Corona, CA? @drippingtape Just noticed? 311 B(2)onnie C(3)ircle 3:11:2:3 3:2:2:3 Mirror of 322 :: 223 Wow CV = 
Haven’t received a msg yet on whatsapp where it tells you to forward it to 10 people and you will be corona free
Hunza Gilgit Baltistan. Members of ISO Almehdi unit Ganish Hunza distributing Masks to public for the awareness of New Corona Virus measures. They are making masks by their own with female members of Ganish. #Corona #awarness 
BREAKING NEWS: Corona Virus confirmed in Uganda.. Details to follow shortly on @nbstv
The removal process oh... the removal. Ɛno ne asɛm no. But Oboo Nicko from Okpoi Gonno swears his 2x4 face mask is what will save him from corona when an infected person coughs in his face in a troski.  …
Niggas ain’t never wash they hands or do a single push up before corona
FUCK THE CORONA VIRUS! RT & TAG YOUR QUARANTINE BUDDY’S! (pt.2) 
 gimme something” “Classy, bougie, ratchet..yeah” “Corona vyyrrrus shit is getting real!” My last brain cell: 
People need to change their names on twitter. I just got a notification saying, corona virus and covid-19 followed you. Not cool man, not cool.
The reason why Italy's Corona Virus numbers are high is because it's the only country that's transparent. Russia is recording it's deaths under normal pneumonia until the numbers have  so huge to hide the anomaly. USA is having it rough. Uganda doesn't know how to test.
I have a feeling that Sindh govt has screwed up on Corona Virus control measures royally and now let loose its minions from idiot force like this guy, and the whole media and liberal mules to trend #lockdownpakistan to cover up their usual assholery and  …
Actual Koro’s hearing people call the corona virus “CORO”. 
Ok!! Now telling u agn the reports we r seeing abt corona is no joke literally! Pls u and ur loved ones stay safe and try to avoid gng out ! Tomrw is Janta Curfew! Follow it and spread the awareness amongst all! Else it cn get more worse! It’s scary alrdy #CoronaUpdatesInIndia
What made me take this whole corona virus seriously is finding out that after you die, your loved ones can’t  near your body to give you a ghusl may Allah swt protect us all
Good news. Now i want the whole World corona free. 
Kuch log corona py mazak bana k khud ko bht cool samjh rahy hain Arrey sunoo you're not cool, You're just jahil.
Corona virus. Italy - 53 578 cases - 4 825 dead - 9% death rate Spain - 25 374 cases - 1 378 dead - 5.4% death rate Germany - 22 213 cases - 84 dead - 0.4% death rate USA - 24 142 cases - 288 dead - 1.2% death rate France - 14 459 cases - 562 dead - 3.9% death rate
All right ballyhooligans!! Another day another pitcher, get your Corona survival kit for $12! Available for carry out & delivery along with $10 AMF, $10 train wrecks, & our full food menu!! 
Bad time for #corona ... 
WHATS GOOD FOOTBALL TWITTER KPOP THE CORONA VIRUS AND CHINA ARE SHIT, EVERY LIKE WILL GET A FOLLOW BACK #gainszn
We joined the #PaulineFamily all over the world praying a rosary at 2pm for the end of the Corona virus. #MaryIsOurMother #MaryLeadsUsToJesus 
This is next level , I mean #Corona level. #CoronavirusPandemic 
In corona days ... Sid plz Stay at Home...and be Safe And don't invite SM Virus in your House ....as it spreads like Hell Creating friendship Creating fake Naax angles Creating 1 sided love Creating controversies!!! Sanitize yr life & carrer You got my Point ...LOL
GOAT Defender Paolo Maldini has been tested Positive for Corona Virus. Get well soon, King. 
If you have pronouns in your bio, you're immune to Corona Virus.
Me and my boy leaving the house knowing damn well we got corona 
apparently Trump's press conference notes had the words "Corona Virus" written and he crossed it out and put "Chinese" instead What a knob
this the 1975 concert is so fun corona who 
*shoves mic on a hockey stick to maintain social distance under your nose* How do you feel about  a “Corona Crush” and thirst object, Paul?
If you're corona free and know it clap your hands...........and then wash them. #coronavirus
She said the people who died from Corona are in a better place. So why you praying for your family to live if that’s what you truly believe? Stop spewing religious rhetoric and make it make sense please.
Ghana has recorded its first death from a patient infected with Corona virus in Kumasi today 21/03/20 
Damn, just realized that with the Corona outbreak hurting jobs, @Nature_and_Race might not get his Fedchecks. Poor guy.
My mom’s hospital refused to give the nurses doing corona swabs full face masks, and theyre sold out and back ordered everywhere, so my dad casually went to Home Depot and MADE SOME today out of foam, plastic and leftover elastic. Not all heros wear capes
As if this corona virus really got people downloading houseparty 
My heart goes out to our @AMVETSHQ family who lost Vietnam Vets Charlie Sharples and Craige Osborne to Corona. Proud members of CA Post 66 in Coachella Valley. They fought to repeal Don’t ask Don’t Tell & worked w/ @RepMarkTakano to advocate for expanded dental care for vets 1/2
Corona Virus India Indian population 130 crores If 30% Population is infected 42 crore 20% need hospitalisation 8 crore 10% need ventilator 4 crore Total ventilators in India 1 lakh What will happen to rest 3 crore 99 lakh patients? Only solution : social distancing
I thought I was handling the quarantine well, then my son caught me doing this. #WashedUpGoalie #BeerLeagueHockey #HockeyIsLife #HockeyGoalie #Hockey #Goalie #TendyLife #Tendy #Covid19 #Corona @NHLNetwork @hockeytape @spittinchiclets 
Young, healthy people are NOT Corona proof. “This is knocking out what should be perfectly fit, healthy people. Patients are on minimal support, on a little bit of oxygen, & then all of a sudden, they go  respiratory arrest, shut down .”  …
Noah asked them to get in the Ark..they asked, which amount of rain can cover mountains, buildings, trees..impossible! Finally, it rained n shouted, "Noah open the Ark!" Replace rain with Corona Virus. Noah with Mutahi Kagwe.
i want my life back... corona 
I’m with the CDC and can confirm that he did die. Not of corona tho. Some one poisoned a little girls hair and he sniffed it
Where the hell has Stephen Miller been through all of this? One would think he'd use the corona virus as an excuse to be even more racist than usual. Is he sheltering in his usual place- mom's basement? #TrumpPressConference #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus 
Corona Advisory 
Trump did not create the novel corona virus (COVID-19), but through his ineptitude, narcissism, and mendacious propaganda he weaponized it and aided its deadly spread throughout the United States.  … via @politicususa
I made some crucial #coronavirus art inspired by the infamous “If I get corona, I get corona” video that I hate with all of my being. 
CORONA VIRUS - WE NEED TO PROTECT OURSELVES In the past few weeks we have seen an increasing spread of COVID-19, also known as Corona Virus, to a pandemic level. Prior to this time, it seemed to be a distant phenomenon but recently, 
Posting from a friend in Lombardia, Italy - “We have been In lock down for over 2 weeks & don’t know how long this is going to last as the numbers of deaths & cases of corona virus rises and has not yet started to fall.....WHY ??? Because it wasn’t taken seriously....
Everyday is a quarrel Everyday is a fight In these corona times we must put our differences aside and reunite - a short poem by Shaqspeare
The Governors are all working 20 hour days because all the idiot in Chief can do is hold fake pressers since he cant do rallies. He’s using clips of them 4 his campaign. If he could hold rallies & golf at mar a lardo & if it wasn’t a hotbed of Corona germs he’d be there instead.
This Corona sh*t in the way dawg.
corona mood:  – at Ra's El Bar | رأس البر
Corona made it to all world and y'all buying masks & hand sanitizer. AIDS been here 30 years and y'all still wont wear condoms
India: Muslim protester refuses to disperse, says “corona means Qur’an” and won’t harm Muslims 
Given that Paolo Maldini just tested positive for corona virus... I’d like to celebrate one of his feats that I don’t think will ever be repeated He won best defender in Europe and Serie A defender of the year at age 39! What a player wish you a speedy recovery!
After @N12News Netanyahu appeared on @newsisrael13. All the channels run him live, every evening. There is no more need for LikudTV now that the enemies of the state broadcast him for free. Corona may be killing thousands, but it has given new life to Israel's PM. 
If Corona hit us like it has hit Italy, our death rate would probably be 2k per day...first of all, all govt hospitals are already full with patients......we have less than 100 ICU beds in this country most of which most of us can not afford...
Italy reports 793 death in one day due to Corona. China is hiding numbers else situation is even worst there. India doesn't have enough testing Kits or they are hiding numbers too. It's real scare! Stay at home today, tomorrow & whenever possible. #CoronaCrisis
Corona virus infection has not been reported from areas where Malaria is prevalent.Hydroxychloroquine is the drug used for treatment of Malaria and  used in those areas.Its quite possible that Hydroxychloroquine has some role in prevention & treatment of Corona Virus.  …
While we look at the corona problem please acknowledge the inequality problem.  …
Hydroxychloroquine Manufactured by Watson Laboratories Inc Corona, California. 5:5 Boom Q 
Baba @Lesufi us the parents of your kids are breathing through the wound...ayiphele le corona so we can send your people back to the classrooms ayi ngeke... 
They said to do social distancing but you’re hosting Tahajjud. Not to sound like a disbeliever, but Tahajjud in group for what? Corona Virus vaccine? PRAY IN YOUR MOTHER FLIPPING HOUSE and stop being a fucking illiterate.
When others announced aid package, we admitted publicly that #Corona is an epidemic. Jan 7-WHO identified it while China reported first death on Jan 11. We had at least 45 days since then, what precautionary/preventive measures we took ? As usual we were busy flaring up hatred
#JantaCurfew #22Mar #COVID19 #SayNo2Panic #SayYes2Precautions #MoDAgainstCorona use resolve & restraint. Spread the message. Break corona cycle @SpokespersonMoD @DDNewsGujarati @PMOIndia @airnews_abad @ANI @Zee24Kalak 
The single most important thing to beat Corona: Stay away from Grandma and Grandpa. Love them from afar.  
A huge thanks to all our medical professionals and front line teams & volunteers as we battle through the Corona Virus crisis  …
Corona or no Corona, staying away from people is always a good idea.
Don't listen to your Pastors urging you  to Church tomorrow. They are saying Corona can not stop the Church of Christ. Remember that at some point, Jesus had to be hidden away from Herod. Use your brain. #COVIDー19 #COVID19NIGERIA
*2020 IS MY YEAR* Corona Virus: 
Rawalpindi: Station Commander visits Cantonment Hospital to check Anti Corona measures 
Only remainers who will not give up and accept that the leavers won by a majority I want to leave tidal WTO No more money for Brussels No more fish for France especially since they keep sending their migrants over by the boatload and have stolen150,000 corona virus masks from us  …
They need to put a dog whisperer on the news to explain to the dogs the corona virus is out there. Just saying .. my dog don’t get it
Ight officially been laid off from my job becuase of the corona virus now soooo doing $50 mixing and mastering for at least the rest of this month. Help me pay some bills and bring ur sound to the next level!! Dm me for details
Different from other leaders. Angela Merkel doing her grocery shopping as every weekend - even during Corona - bringing her own bag. One roll of toilet paper, 4 bottles of Piedmont wine (Ricossa)! @ricossawine  
I feel sorry for future generations. Corona going be the new Gilbert.
There's now over 300 000 cases of Corona virus worldwide.
Anyone with serious symptoms should call the Sindh helpline for Corona on 021-99203443. They will send a team to check the suspected case. If qualified for the test, they will conduct the test at home and restrict the patient to home till the test results. This is what I know!
So @xainth kindly mocked up the slogan I suggested for the U.K. response to the corona emergency. Please copy/save/retweet widely if you think it helpful: 
Medical error alone kills approximately 30k to 35k people a MONTH every month. Not a damn thing is done about it. If corona is not killing more than 10 times that amount, AT A MINIMUM, then how in the world can any of this lockdown & financial destruction be justified??
corona you dirty bitch why  around FINALS
“Y’all remember that bad flu we all had in December? It was corona!” - An Imbecile  …
As per this info-graphics of KP govt, until now (21-03-2020) KP government has investigated/tested only 170 suspected corona cases. As the virus is very much in  now (Mardan & Peshawar examples), it is strange that KP is not going for more tests. 
Either the Pope is drinking Corona or the coronavirus is making him Protestant. Let’s go!  …
Some fun at home, because corona messed up my plans for this weekend. #rubber #ballstretching #electrosex #gayrubber 
“It’s people like you who don’t listen that are spreading Corona virus”
my sleep schedule is going to kill me before corona does
thanks to the bit of free time corona has so kindly gifted me with I am once again opening #commissions pls dm me if you’re interested if you’re not interested but want to help out then retweets are appreciated~ 
Corona took the attention away from Mother’s Day tomorrow
Why Corona couldn’t hit when it was raining for 40 days & 40 nights. It’s beautiful outside
Are you all sure that this nigger have no CORONA cure? 
Y3nkor town. Forgetti corona. Yabr3. 
What’s going everyone??? Miss corona might’ve cancelled my holiday but she’s not cancelling my podcast. I’ll be posting my 6th episode of this season on Monday the 23rd insha’Allah. I collaborated with the @inspyre_ent team and we covered how it is running a podcast!! Tune in! 
Now that we are broke because of Corona, How do I join Bambiala Twitter and start winning giveaways? 
I wish corona happened in the summer so I could be gardening and mowing my lawn lol
Mark from Love Is Blind dodged a mf bullet imagine getting QUARANTINED with Jessica. I’d rather get corona
Imagine if God $ays 'Black people will not get Corona Virus' and you already bleached your skin!‍ Aunty Rest in Peace oo, and don't start looking at me
Even the greatest defender of all time can't defend against Corona
DAY 6 of beating the Corona Virus  @nbrez that all right for ya ?? Next challenge please #OnlyTookUs5Hours #TheKerryOffenders #createdontcontaminate 
Tell me why I’m laying by my pool naked & the pool guy shows up!!! I thought no one was working because of corona!
A 54 year old Lebanese man in Kumasi has passed from Corona virus today- Deputy Minister for Health- Alexander K. Abban #news360
We got some Kardashian drama during a pandemic. Corona works hard but Kris Jenner works harder. 
Any word on RBG" She's been at "Work" everyday, right Did she also survive Corona Virus
Fatoyingbo COZA wants to secure the bag by all means tommorow, Corona virus is scary but securing the bag is importanter, watch gullible Nigerians ignore the high risk & troop to his church because our pastor said.......
Corona fails to invoke humanity..  …
January : forest fire February : world war March : corona virus April : 
A wealthy politician wants to run away from Nigeria, but there is nowhere he can run to. Corona virus is everywhere. Lagos and Abuja have confirmed cases. The rich are praying more than the poor
This whole corona situation has really affected people’s finances. If you could use a little help, message me. I want to help 2 people out. It’s genuine so please only say something if you really could use it
Wanna know how i know democrats care more about their agenda than they do about corona virus? Most states have banned elective surgeries yet MA (home of @ewarren) made sure abortion’s were exempt from the ban WTF
Please understand if we don't take precautions and follow social distancing, a big horrific storm  our way. It's inevitable believe it or not. Staying home is the only solution to fight this pandamic. Corona is not a conspiracy or hoax but reality. STAY HOME! STAY HOME!
In this case, Corona will be a tsunami in USA
There is a Hadees that says: "Allah doesn't create a disease without it's cure." I pray that we find a easy cure for Corona virus soon . Ameen
This video geeks me Lmaoo “the Corona is in you “ 
PERSPECTIVE !! Hell, we all survived 8 dreary miserable years of Obama ... .. this corona virus will be a  to that disaster !!
And To the Other Side, Don't Pretend, Internally You're Happy your Artist have taken advantage of CoronaVirus to cancel his International shows, You tired of the Disgrace CHOLERA Po... 24 Attendees, Na CORONA... Like 2 sure Sane!
The reality is too many experts like Dr Rasmussen didn’t want to do anything until all the evidence was in. But nature doesn’t wait for peer reviewed articles. And all corona needed was a ready supply of vulnerable hosts. 6/n 
Tell your boyfriend to go out more now that Corona is here odo i am trying to take his place
Don't be silly... corona can wash away all previous  b/c can try and hide behind global wreckage... and a straightforward curfew imposed by the military can ensure ppl stay indoors...  …
Pharmacists from @A_HealthAfrica discuss the use of chloroquine in curing Corona virus and preventive measures to take at this time. #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDー19 #CoronaOutbreak #COVID19 #StayHome @myPharmacyng @my_medicines 
The Nigeria police should handle the matter with care, remember there is corona virus 
U people think say de corona thing be joke eh? Only today 795 people wey die , if dem quarantine u people ah make u no listen den fool for der e go over u people for der imbelesem 
HELP! HELLO? ANYBODY THERE? Las Vegas Corona Apocalypse Vlog 3/21/2020 Homeless at Wal-Mart 
RIP Peter Myles. My dear Dad died only a few hours ago. It was the Corona Virus that finally took him.
So Now the world against Corona and we also so guys Stay home Stay Healthy. #ISupportJantaCurfew #IndiaFightsCorona 
Corona virus when they enter inside my body and found out that every ounce of my cell and blood is made up of weed and tea. 
South African black townships are at serious risk of catching The Corona virus. Government needs to take drastic and urgent steps.The young people do not this pandemic seriously.
Save the rest of Syrians held in Al-Assad prisons, before Corona tens of people were dying due to dire conditions, try to stop Bashar Al-Assad, he is the ugliest virus ever known to mankind #كورونا_تهدد_المعتقلين #Syria #Covid_19 #Coronavirus 
I put the matlab code to make #virus #contagion simulations on #github so you can play with it and make your own simulations. Its called CoronaVirusContagion because I was drinking #Corona while I developed it  … Please share! #COVID19 
nicki minaj talking about the corona virus (2020) 
future grandson: “hey grandpa want a corona?” me: 
Its better to stay at home for 14 days than to be in a hospital as a patient suffering from Corona Virus. 
I was suspicious of #government strategy for some time. As if #Corona virus was going to behave differently in Britain than in other countries. ⁦ @BorisJohnson⁩ bravura might cost us dear. #GlobalCrisis can only be solved by grown-up  …
Yes, I wonder that too. Corona deaths in UK are listed as people who died and tested positive. But this does not mean it was the cause of death  …
Likely one of two reasons he's returning: PMLN knows it would look terrible to have both brothers in London in the midst of a pandemic in Pak or Shahbaz thinks he can politicise the PTI's handling of corona and inch closer to the PM-ship himself... my guess is the latter...  …
Regular use of cocaine helps build immunity to corona virus. I know a person who recently went to Italy during the #CoronavirusOutbreak there but returned India unscathed
Desde New York: Mirá Times Square at this moment. Amazing ! Take care about Corona Virus 
Corona please I beg, just leave. I can’t take this anymore. I will literally melt I beg
Respect to @NYGovCuomo during the time of corona. The man has led with strength, swiftness   …
I'm Outta Dove, I can't get clean, I'm at home in Quarantine . . . . . (this is no paid advertisement) #ImOuttaDove #QuarantineSong #StayHome #StaySafe #Corona 
Can anyone out there help with a little dash of kindness. My daughter is 18 today and has looked forward to having her friends over to celebrate but Corona has stopped  due to social distancing. She gets it but it doesn't make it any easier.Birthday wishes please 
Always stay classy like the Slovakian President, even in times of Corona. #Covid_19 
the bernie campaign stopped fundraising for its campaign and shifted to corona relief, already raising millions of dollars... do you guys think the news will cover that? anyways i’m gonna start my own news broadcast called Brazzers
Russia doctors say government is covering up Corona virus deaths classifying them as simple pneumonia in order to keep the numbers down. Of course the Russian government is  …
Sindh Govt has called PaK Army in aid to civil power  Corona Virus & ensure #LockDown In Sindh. Sindh Govt is countering menace of #Covid_19 & working day night to get things control. 
No bro suffer pass KalyJay. When he tweets advices and preventive measures about Corona they bash him and say he doesn’t know better than the Government. When he relaxes and tweets something funny to release tension abt it they still bash him
Corona ain’t gonna stop me 
This kid is Corona infected in peshawar Look at him and his situation Please corporate with Government @BBhuttoZardari @AseefaBZ @BakhtawarBZ @PalwashaKhan18 @Majid_Agha @Alishbabukhari1 @SaleemKhanSafi @ShahNafisa @TalatHussain12 
I got this video from Shahi Eidgah Delhi sit-in, which haas been suspended due to Corona Outbreak. What a beautiful yet emotional message 
Me and the homies walking into the bar the first night back after Corona Virus  …
One person can mess up the entire fight against Corona Virus. So stay home 
Treatment Corona Virus Patient In Italy In North Korea 
Calling all #Somerset super stars! If you're coordinating #COVID19 support in your town, village or street, please register your group on Corona Helpers so that others can get involved! 
I’ve hit upon a genius way of guaranteeing I don’t get Corona. I’ve applied to join the Chinese Army.
Due to everyone being Corona Neet Fantasy has been pushed forward 2 weeks, join discord here : 
i wanna go on vacation this corona virus shit aggravating
I with be my leader, no matter how worse things are. #Thalaivar didn't said anything wrong. All people must cooperate with government & we must raise our support to our medical team. Prevent #Corona #StayHomeStaySafe #RAJINIVoiceForGoodCause #Rajinikanth 
It’s never useless. Never too late. Please don’t make  35,000+ Zaereeen are still in Iran. You want 35,000 with potential Corona  back to pakistan ?
The only job that remains safe from the spread of the Corona virus. 
A relative who I constantly counter for her fake whatsapp forwards sends me a ridiculous Corona hoax. When I try to argue with her, she says, "Why are you so negative?". "So that you don't test positive", I reply. She hasn't been talking to me since.
Chalo jee.. Corruption  to Pakistan to take care of Corona virus. Can't tell which one is worse.. The one that is causing deaths or the Corruption virus that fed on and disabled this economy to handle and manage this pandemic.
did i develop a cough at 4am last night and immediately start bawling my eyes out thinking i was getting corona as if that cough was developed any other way than the fact that ive been going to bed at 6am for the past four days? yes.
One day I'll die of this corona & my twitter fellows will forget me like I never existed here. Sad but true*
ANTIBIOTICS CANNOT KILL VIRUSES. it’s just going to kill your natural gut flora and give you diarrhea. Maybe you’ll shit the corona out. Idk.  …
AC secretariat Mr. @iasadullah_pas shifting a patient tested positive with Corona Virus. Hats off to Islamabad Administration for there tired less efforts. All credit goes to @dcislamabad @hamzashafqaat 
Go on Netflix and look up a show called My Secret Terrius (came out a year ago), EP.10, 50 mins in and listen to how they talk about Corona Virus
Bloomberg gives 18 million to the DNC instead of helping with the Corona virus outbreak, and he was Presidential material??? No way just like his friend Joe Biden!!
I can’t wait for the first post-corona #TrumpRally It’s gonna be YUUGE!!! & by Nov., we’ll all be back 100% Stronger than ever—for the #CoronaCrisis has unveiled the pro-China #DeepState cabal for everyone! @JoeBiden is a mercenary serve to CCP @SenSanders an ideological 
the corona virus holds no candle to the more dangerous, more deadly, anti-muslim virus which has claimed so many lives. 
Corona virus Positive Falak Sher From Wazirabad 
My boy Tre died from corona that shit really fucked me up he wasn’t old at all....please take this serious anybody can die from it not just old people. RIP TRE.
The Federal Government and corresponding Ministries, Department and Agencies will continue to do its best to safeguard the livelihood of every Nigerian in the wake of the Corona Pandemic. #covid19 
I hope our approach  #Corona remains scientific and medicinal, not obscurantist or superstitious or merely optic. Some of what I see is purely delusionary and alarming. We need good sense to lead us, not the jiggery-pokery of bovine discharge and decibels
Title : COVID-19 created by: Ramsey Ariguzor A series demonstrating the African experience of the pandemic virus CORONA VIRUS lets keep safe , keep clean and wash your hands , God bless 
How Many Will Scrutinise, Research, Or Read The List Of Ingredients In The Corona Vaccine, BEFORE Taking The Shot? I'm Not Implying The Cure Is Manufactured To Injure, If Anything, To The Contrary. However, How Can WE Know The Ingredients Are Harmless?  …
forget corona, you ever sent a screenshot to the person you screenshot?
im gonna die from lack of coochie on my face before the corona virus
a lot of u worrying about catching corona virus when u should be tryna catch a vibe
The corona made me deep how easily humanity could be wiped out
Just close whole country for a  lock  curfew until each corona patient gets cured. It's the only way out. If not today. Then maybe one day
Entire human race? Are you sure? Guess you've not seen videos of "Corona ke darr se sunnat chhod dein" videos.
best way to prevent the spread of corona is to treat everyone like they have the cheese touch
@Lis_Smith here’s some A+ corona content for you 
Paolo Dybala just confirmed he tested positive to Corona Virus. Quick recovery mate! When would everything & football get back to normal?!
GUYS! We are trending at #2! Trending more than the Corona Crisis! And above Ant and Dec! 
As of today when more than 700 died in Italy in a single day, UK death toll reached 234 with shortages of beds, US crosses 22k cases and 275 deaths.. Only Mayo Hospital doing Corona PCR in public sector hospital's in Lahore. Stay Home and Help Medical Community plz
India is the ONLY Neighbour "Jiske Ek ishare pe" every single Country stood up & only country to Donate 10M for #Corona Emergency fund. Remember it's Needy & Beggers who need Beg", India is Dynasty it self. Am sure u wrote this tweet while u were intoxicated.  …
Freight rates set to spike as India puts ships arriving from Corona infected nations on 14-day quarantine  …
I’m just afraid Nana Addo  this evening and say that they’ve gotten a cure for corona virus so students should return to school
hi everyone, my aunt makes specialised party cookies for lovers of hip-hop and pop culture this is her art.. she’s been making these for years and it’s been tough during corona virus pandemic so check out her Etsy!! her shop changes every now and then so catch whats on now :) 
THE COST OF ANIMAL AGRICULTURE - Tax money going into subsidies - Corona &  pandemics - Economic recessions - Deforestation - Habitat destruction - Loss of wildlife - Mass torture killing farm animals - Healthcare/disease costs population DO NOT BUY ANIMAL PRODUCTS! 
The Corona-Prone World Today. Enjoy 
Shabbat at home, without family, without friends, without synagogue, (and without kiddush) is very difficult. Knowing that this is the best and the only way to defeat #Corona makes it worthwhile and necessary. Shavua tov - may we all have a good week.
On March 17, all the cafe in Karaağaç village were closed near the border due to the spread of Corona virus. Nearly 300 Turkish men of special forces went and announced everybody should go back. But there are still migrants in the area, at the camps. 
Clown on TV suggests that govt send MNAs back to their constituencies to spread awareness of corona by holding small meetings with constituents...
Yes the canceled season is a bummer but I’m so proud of how far these guys  #10 in the nation for ERA in the Corona Virus Shortened season. 
Corona have all kina  out  …
While other countries are slapping 4-5 years jail term on  out of their homes during #COVID19outbreak, India is observing “Thali bajao-corona bhagao Andolan”. Wah Modiji Wah!
ASIANS ARE NOT CORONA VIRUS
Lol all of us giving our parents instructions and them not answering us is the most messed up reverse parenting that’s happening with the Corona.
i tested negative for corona luckily but i did test positive for a voluptuous juicy ass
No cap this corona virus killing ppl faster than anything else u can catch
Prioritise please! Current battle against corona makes us introspect. 20000 crores can provide 15 premier medical institutions. That’s 15000 hospital beds. India needs “genuine” infrastructure for its citizens not wasteful “re”developments. #saveCentralVista 
Europeans traveling all over the world and bringing Corona to everyone while the rest of us are on lockdown is peak white privelege.
corona more like coro NAH... virus more like BYErus.
2019 G63! Come and buy abeg  with Starched Native AirPod pro 3 phones Mopol and later no pay 99M COrona Price 
Me when my non existent boyfriend refuses  and bang me to the other side of Corona x  …
Just your daily reminder that referring to the corona virus as the “China virus” or the “Wuhan virus” is incredibly racist and xenophobic. So please stop now. Thanks!
Corona virus doesn't stand a chance on these men  …
My luck this month: - Old duo goes on holiday for warmup - Found another duo - Red zone corona virus so i’m stuck - Internet problems because everyone is quarantined - Dropped for internet - Next day internet fixes - Found a last minute duo and didn’t qualify
I'm writing a article about the @corona_token Will post in a hour! #CoronaCoin #CoronaToken $nCoV @cctip_io airdrop 0.002 ETH 
I surreee your meme folder have the cure for corona in it  …
When you get pulled over during the corona lockdown #TikTok follow 
The pain of losing a life lingers for a lifetime. Italy has lost thousands of lives to corona virus. My heart goes out to them in thus painful period. 
Nana Addo will be addressing the country at 9 pm on the safety measures that have taken on the corona virus pandemic let’s pray it will be a good one na things are getting worse
Nice to see something over than corona trending in the UK on Twitter 
if i play loud enough, corona will just get annoyed and leave sorry neighbors 
is it corona ??? is it a standard cold ??? is it anxiety ??? find out on this weeks edition of : once again i feel unwell !
In case #coronavirus does not  impotent due to noise vibrations, what’s the next course of action? If we have to recite #HanumanChalisa, it has to be in in Mandarin, so the Chinese virus can understand it and get suitably scared. Corona doesn’t know Hindi or Sanskrit, no?  …
Hello @NitishKumar ji. At least educate them about Corona and how to keep distance socially. This person says people are hardly aware.  …
I’m not ready for every rapper to freestyle “sick like corona” for the next 5 years
An annual vaccine for the #Corona God help us  …
" I GOT THE CORONA VIRUS" 
thinking... whats the first activity you would do once this corona quarantine situation is over? 
CORONA VIRUS NO GO HAPPEN FOR OUR COROO COROO
corona pls I just wanna do hoodrat shit with my friends
Safety measures to prevent corona virus on twitter (digital precautions). Cumtribute Rt , follow and send love. 
Despair, exhaustion during the fight against the corona virus. Please prevent the spread and stay at home. Better times  again. Until then, stay strong 
Panchayat level preparations to deal #Corona .. We will Surely  Sir
Estate meeting to discuss corona and robbery and only three people here.
I've been so scared , me and my family (dad,mom,sister,grandma,grandpa) are going to corona test tomorrow and prob i have corona because of my mom i'm so scared about my parents my grandparents hope everything will be okay praying
So all over the world, the progression of Corona is multiplicative, or rather exponential. As makes sense. In India, it is steadily progressing linearly. So either am missing something, or Modi Govt is lying. So am clearly missing something, right?
Looks China is Safe Now... China Should Pay for what they did to the World!! Fuck #Corona #Covid19 #Covid19India 
I am working out A LOT during isolation mostly for the endorphins & dopamine for my apocalypse anxiety. So you could say I’m getting a Corona 6 pack. It’s a pleasure. I’ll be here for 14 days. At least.
Me checking if corona virus is gone 
Waiting for Corona to arrive smoothly while giving up to the idea that we’re all gonna die hehe 
New Blog New York City Board of Health releases their guidelines for sex and masturbation during the Corona Virus COVID-19 pandemic Bad News: Its definitely NOT Ass eating SZN  … 
Watson Laboratories Manufactures Hydroxychloroquine In Corona, California I'm Thinking There are NO COINCIDENCES Because... You can't make this shit up... 
Diego says: No Corona 
Simple because black are less infected or not infected by Corona 
The next generation of parents are about to exaggerate their hardship stories based on corona virus .. “Give me the Remote. I didn’t survive Corona for you to disrespect me” These days everything is easy. Do you know how we struggled ???!!
Austrian Corona short-time work: Employers can reduce working hours as low as 0 and pays only the hours actually worked; Government pays the rest. How much do workers get? 90% of net earnings if gross wage < € 1,700 85% < € 2,685 80% < € 5,370 (ceiling) Duration: 3 months
Stay Safe in Home ! Trend Day ,Sunday #WeLoveAsim is Tagline ! Love You All #AsimRiaz God bless you & Save him from Corona ! @imrealasim #KallaSohnaNai will sure Complete 1M in Morning Confirmed ! 
793 deaths in Italy in the past 24 hours. Dear AFRICA Corona Virus isn’t a joke. Please take the necessary precautions. #Covid_19
. @TheRickWilson's own personal hunkering down: “I’ve got a chest freezer full of delicious meats. I got well-stocked in every regard (including ammo), so I feel like I’m prepared for the corona apocalypse.” 
Did you know Corona Virus is the only thing keeping Chelsea in the champions league
Dr. Trump - @realDonaldTrump a science denier when  to climate change - appears to be at it again. Now, he is touting an unproven remedy as the saviour for Americans of the corona crisis -  … Is this what leadership looks like during a  …
Imagine someone showing up to the hospital with respiratory problems and praying it is corona and not something else so they don't get stuck with a big bill.
game over corona 
Ok, who the hell yelled Corona....This is getting ridiculous #StayAtHome #WhenThisIsAllOver 
Aaah, nothing like Corona and....lemon  …
If you've always wondered about what 'Force Majeure' events mean in contractual clauses, the #corona epidemic is one such example. An unforeseeable event that prevents or delays parties in performing their contractual obligations. 
Once I found out the Corona virus give u pneumonia I had to issue a public apology for calling it a pussy ass disease
If you passed your secondary school Biology, Corona Virus should not be a new word to you. Check your Essential Biology... @dailyorgylagos1 @Preshi__ @banks_220 @LifeOfAdunni @daily3odds 
If I get corona ima just drink a bottle of hand sanitizer and kill that virus
Since we're all in quarantine and we're all worried about what's yet to happen to this country I wanna take this opportunity to apologise to every single person I indirectly or unintentionally wronged on this platform. When we face problems in life such as the corona virus you
Social Distancing Keeps Us Safe. #SocialDistancing - #logo #creative #logodesigner #logotype #typedesign #corona #covid_19 
Italy dealt with Corona by only testing those with symptoms such as fever & dry cough! South Korea had kits to conduct more than 10,000 tests a day! Germany followed a similar model & its death rate began to drop! India must learn & not go Italy way!  …
793 deaths in Italy in the past 24 hours. To all South Africans, Corona Virus isn’t a joke. Please stay at home and take the necessary precautions.
When the Corona Virus finally exhausts itself and the danger is over, let's do something good for our country, Let's spend our holidays in the UK, eat in local restaurants, buy British products, buy local meats and veggies and support local businesses
Chairman Go Sleep Inside Coffin for 3 days now, Corona Virus Kill en Client
Yoooo i neeed people to stop nominating me to do push ups I’m getting fat and blaming it on corona. Leave me alone
These are dangerous times. Be sensible. Stay at home and stay safe. Corona Virus is real and can have a devastating impact. Please treat it as a serious matter. STAY SAFE! #CoronaVirus
Currently in the ER to check out persistent pressure in my chest. Blood pressure was very high but now dropping. Waiting on blood test and ekg results. Corona ruled out... keep your fingers crossed for me!
Now available! The big and important interview on #corona #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus with @c_drosten in English! Interviewer:  …
absolutely killing me to see my mum stressed about whether her shop will stay open after corona pls, if you can, shop local and shop independent !! big shops will survive, little ones won’t
#JanataCurfewMarch22 day is here. Officially from 7am to 9pm. Let's stay united, let's stay indoors & be hopeful. The fight is ON and we'll face it! #IndiaFightsCorona And more and more strength to nations like #Italy which are facing really tough times #Corona #COVID19
People who are knowingly spreading misinformation about the corona virus or selling snake oil 'cures' need to be found and made to pay very large fines. Same for anyone attempting to profit from this.
At this rate, boredom will kill us way before Corona does 
not minimizing the weight of corona. but the way they’re handling it is shady as fuck and has capitalism written all over it.
Locked and loaded. Corona is so screwed. 
Me every corona update  …
Ok, the newest new low of influencers now is, to claim they have Corona virus or potentially have it to get attention. Man oh man, what is wrong with people? Completely lost.
momma calls it Corona Break 
Britney Spears on the way to singlehandedly destroy the corona virus 
#AnlogaJunctionChinaTour to kick off after the corona virus is gone... Ghetto Love by @stonebwoyb ft @irenelogangh blazing ... Let all be strong and fit in this trying times. #AnlogaJunctionAlbum #AnlogaJunction #CoronaCrisis #Covid_19 
Dr. Trump - @realDonadTramp a science denier when  to climate change - appears to be at it again. Now, he is touting an unproven remedy as the saviour for Americans of the corona crisis -  … Is this what leadership looks like during a  …
He went and got a corona test and wrote his eulogy while waiting for the results
I request All Of them To be Safe In Your Houses This Is Right Decision from Our @PMOIndia Be Safe! #Corona #JantaCurfewMarch22 #JanathaCurfew #Master @actorvijay @THM_Off @TVFOfficial @TVFP2 @TVMP_Pride @VijayFansTrends @m_gajan @GuRuThalaiva 
Calm down, Senator! Have a Corona beer in a lowball glass with a lime. That's what you were advising us to do last weekend as this plague was overtaking the US.
You thought Indians were being stupid about Corona? The Italians launched a "Hug a Chinese" campaign to fight "muh racism." Today they have the highest number of Corona deaths in the world. Well done, idiots! #StayHomeStaySafe #COVID19outbreak #ChineseVirus #KungFlu
In light of the Corona virus outbreak, @AbsaGhana entreats you to apply these safe and convenient banking tips to ensure your safety and that of your loved ones. 
I've legit had nightmares about corona. Every single one of you who's finding humour in all this and distracting others from spiralling, THANK YOU Hope you get all the joy back.
Amid the dismal #corona updates here’s a bit of (old) news that resurfaced due 2 #NirbhayaVerdict being carried out and it’s true! Gotta say BIG kudos to @RahulGandhi for this act of humanity & kindness.. and for not making a big hullabaloo abt it!  …
He went insane! “I GOT THE CORONA VIRUS!!” 
Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! Corona will end soon! INSHAALLAH
if Britain had legalised slave labour like Dubai/UAE does, we'd be beating the corona virus too
Some chemistry lab my mommy tear for house erh, no be easy. She do some concoction bi for here saying edey stop the corona virus. She heat water, Apple, pineapple, orange then some leaves bi. Now I feel like I have the virus sef @p_kay_15 @e_newel @ekua_j
Imagine running from Kampala because of Corona Virus and the first  from your village
Corona Corona Corona...in other news, our economy is collapsing...
WhatsApp family chat - Corona bhaji recipe. MY GODDDDDDD! 
#RAJINIVoiceForGoodCause @rajinikanth sir Friends, Please follow our #Thalaivar #Rajinikanth sir advice to prevent our India from #Corona critical stage. Be safe Take care of your family especially old people and small children. #ShameonTwitterIndia 
Idk why ppl saying corona not serious.. it’s fucking serious for old people and those  immune systems . So if there’s anybody other than yourself that you give a FUCK about. Do your civil duty and SELF QUARENTINE.
Inspiring video of Sikh individuals selflessly helping by disinfecting surroundings as the world battles Coronavirus. It seems as if Sikhs have this unstoppable natural instinct to be at the forefront of philanthropic work globally. They deserve kudos #CoronavirusPandemic #Corona 
V E G E T A... What does the scouter say about his Corona Levels??  …
Davido still performing at shows this corona period , not a good thing tbh.
If the Corona Virus doesn’t ruin your insides......Can i?
Saturday are for Tacos We’re still Open 9am-9pm Delivery or Takeout Call 775-376-1239 for Takeout Call 775-741-8948 for Delivery Tap’n 3687 Kings Row #LocalBusiness #Corona
Would any previous POTUS stand up on a podium on a daily basis and answer any and all random questions from the media on a crisis such as the Corona-virus? I don't think so... Let alone Biden, could you imagine Hillary or Obama doing this?
Sick how some are ok perpetuating lies that will harm the public because they hate media and Dems. Never forget how these hateful right-wingers behaved throughout this crisis.... telling viewers corona was "like the flu" and was "overblown" &"weaponized" by Democrats and media.  …
my reaction when I was told to stay away from people because of the Corona Virus 
Going on like 13 hours in the car with @aChrisOConnor and @Brian6ix and about to pick up @Shanemgillis I no longer fear corona
it's like people in Cape Town don't care about the Corona Virus, they don't want to stay home and quarantine, the Waterfront was packed today and I know because I was there.
What has the outbreak of Corona taught you guys? Me: Not to go for vacations outside the country without funds that can sustain you atleast 6months ahead. Uganda has locked all the boarders and this kind of news find you where you are
What corona virus has taught us: safety is at home & family is the most important nonessential services are just that agriculture, medicine & education are key fields there’s a difference between religion and spirituality we can get by with minimal material stuff
Wash your hands! Stay home! To avoid corona virus! Stay safe! 
A little Corona virus laugh for y'all 
Good Decision ..Lockdown Should Be The Focus and Not Ghanti Bajana Pehle Corona Ko Harana Hai Phir Ghanti Bajana Hai #IndiaFightsCorona Together We Can And We Will Defeat Corona Virus  …
Last week or so they said Paulo Dybala has tested positive to coronavirus. It later came out as false Today, Paulo Dybala has confirmed he has tested positive to Coronavirus. It’s like when you’re tagged with it, Corona will  for you!
last night one of my aunties close friends died because of the corona virus. She was young and was a single perant to two wee boys. if that doesn’t start making people take this seriously then I don’t know what will
corona u are fucking up my action i’m supposed to be at school enjoying myself rn. fuck this shit!
The face people make when reading up on the celebrity suffrage of the Corona while trying to make sense of whether they will have a house or home or job or money or food or...  …
My #Coronavirus Video Update. “What the heck are #Hydroxychloroquine and #Azithromycin?” Two key words that must be added to your Corona clinical vocabulary. #coronavirus #COVID19 #FlattenTheCurve 
“Knock Knock” “Who is it?” “ @UberEats” “But, I didn’t order...” (opens door) Corona Zombies!!!!! #curbsidedelivery #covid19 
Congratulations Majority. Now u choose for this. So Modi govt ready to give u gift Hindu Raastra. BJP govt put bill in RS to remove Secularism from our Constitution. New India fascist on his plan. Corona not kill u, but Constitution change sure kill u.  …
H.E said we shouldn’t leave the country then he decided to travel out of the country. This is why when we are told that there are no cases of Corona & we’re prepared-we are hesitant to accept this. In any case,I don’t think ANY leader should be leaving their country ATM
They’ll never admit it, but someone out there learned about the Corona Virus from an email from Dominos.
Corona  kill me now  …
Yet here we are drawing up timetables with Corona and negotiating working in shifts with it.  …
#COVID19 quarantine diary, Day 4: "State rulers babbling about solidarity" - #coronaVirus #corona #COVID2019 #COVID19de #antireport - Read  …
This Corona Virus truly put a lot of things in perspective for me! When I get out I’m gonna be a different type of person! I’m gonna move differently and if there’s anything I have ever wanted to do or say fyck it I’m just Gonna take a chance and Do It! @joyannepanton (IG) 
Call out to Nunavut artists, performers, musicians, and artisans (such as cravers or jewellers)!  or message me your email address. I would like to hear how covid-19 (also know has corona virus) has affected you and your work. Mat’na
Corona stopping me from getting my coochie ate
Corona virus cannot stop the Game ⁦ 
Corona k half symptoms show hogye hain guys pray for me
Boomer parents during Corona: 
Via sources inside the government they confirmed what we have been saying all along! Corona Virus hype is aimed at @realDonaldTrump election! MSM has been working hand in hand with Chinese government and top democrats! The aim is to bring down President Trump ! Media enemy!
One last session In Los Angeles since it’s all closed down... I had to do it. I’m currently driving across the country back to Oklahoma to post up there till all this corona shit is over. Love u guys stay safe & stay tuned 
dear corona, f*ck you! xoxo, the whole world <3
I have the best Dad in the world He surprised me with this as  home today from school. ASUU &amp; CORONA Saidai ku mutu 
At least 10% of  essays, articles, and tweets will look like this: "The Corona virus makes a powerful case for implementing my preferred political policies."
I have just been informed, some folks that went for the @asabaako festival are being confirmed with Corona Please, if you know anyone that went and showing any symptoms, let them visit the hospital and isolate themselves from spreading it!
Balancing between Fear/Panic & being Realistic is a challenge against Corona. #NBC 
CNN Brutally Mocked For Bringing Actor Sean Penn on to Discuss How to Handle Corona-Crisis – True Pundit 
Dr Usama was treating Corona Patients. He's no more with us ! May ALLAH give you Highest rank in JANNAH , Ameen Stay Blessed in Jannah , Fighter ! 
Westerners again it's Corona Virus not Colona Various
The Corona virus might change government surveillance from "over the skin" to "under the skin" for the first time in history. ~ @harari_yuval in the Financial 
The situation of Corona currently is like riding a bike. You may be following the rules and riding safe, but there are chances other's stupidity may leave you affected. Better to avoid going  unless needed. That's all for today's chacha tweeter.
Need some ventilators for the media folks freaking out about your corona tweets
Me and pluckers reuniting after the corona virus pandemic ends  …
The etymology of corona is crown/wreath or Halo.
corona is just revealing to us that celebrities are insane very publicly  …
We do take care of each citizen in our town. #SMC is Cleaning/sterilising each premises from where #Corona Positive cases has been found. 
First doctor causality in Corona pandemic, please provide doctors with proper gear, dont play with their lifes.. Hopefully it will satisfy few egos but please provide Protective gear!  …
Money spent on Son/Daughter marriage by :- - Mukesh Ambani - 1000 cr - Reddys - 700 cr - Subroto Roy - 550 cr - Laxmi Mittal - 450cr Money Donated to fight Corona by :- - Mukesh Ambani - Zero - Reddys - Zero - Subroto Roy - Zero - Laxmi Mittal - Zero
*googles the difference between corona symptoms and shawerma withdrawal symptoms*
It’s not a coincidence that spirituality was trending right before all this Corona stuff. Get right or get left
14th Finance Commission grants to Panchayats & municipalities released to many states relaxing conditions for release. AP gets Rs.1301 Crore though the state local body elections in the state have been postponed due to Corona threat. Thank you Modi Ji @narendramodi  …
If you don't think this media coverage of Corona isn't about the President, @abcnews just broken away after the president left the press conference. Never mind what FEMA, the VP or anyone else had to say.
Even if you don’t like Sheikh Gumi, find time and watch/listen to this. Corona Virus  … MBBS and PhD Usool al-Fiqh.
Very irresponsible to tweet a post showing physical contact at a time while the Government is working hard spreading awareness about corona. Besides... What if Nawaz Sharif has Corona. Now he's given it to Shahbaz Sharif and he's bringing it home to Pakistan. Smh.
ANY SHIA CRYING CORONA RUINING THEIR BIRTHDAY CLEARLY NEVER HAD YEARS OF MUHARRAM BIRTHDAYS
We all have  up for this Corona Virus and put our all efforts regarding to any kind of facilities for poor people or white collars. You can join us with my team of @HamaraPaakistan and with @FeedthepoorsOfc to donate Rations for daily wages families. #UnitedWeStand
Bernie fucking Sanders has raised 2 fucking million dollars for Corona relief and does web town halls every other night and Biden has done NOTHING. You think Bernie  better than Joe? No. He is delegating and getting his staff to help. Like a fucking leader.
Like can Corona fuck off already pls
Fakenews fear: c. half of Americans think their media are exaggerating the risks of corona and making up news about it! @pewresearch  
@Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport This I'd handle @ChanakyaaTv has a video that was deleted by Twitter for violating rules by spreading false News on Corona Virus., Kindly take note and do the needful.  …
Electrolytes kill Corona. Brawndo has electrolytes. Brawndo is the Corona mutilater
Due to corona virus pandemic, Sir @PakSarfrazbugti handed over his guest house, Including 7 rooms, generator n attach bath to health department for isolation ward. Efforts must be appreciated. KUDOS TO YOU SIR! @jam_kamal @LiaquatShahwani @anwaar_kakar 
Takeaway from every Trump corona presser: Tests? Relax,  Geeze./ Masks? Relax,  Geeze. / Ventilators? Relax,  Wow. / Trump? Doing great. What a call to close the border to China! /The American people? Wow! So great. They’re phenomenal.
*Relatives jb khud ko chicken dinner pe invite kr le* Me before corona Me now 
corona been real quiet since wonderwash, soapersonic and champagne soapernova .....
Things UK needs to do yesterday: • Build Corona Hospitals like Germany, USA & China • Implement *Individual* Isolation using Hotels for those with mild symptoms • Institute public disinfection campaigns of parks, trash cans, benches, traffic lights etc • Full public lockdown
Hey what should @corona beer rename itself? Only wrong answers please!
Malawi how is Corona Virus that side
Today my sister and I went to Shoprite to get few things that we needed, the shop was sooooo full. We had our masks on and I’m rather worried of how ignorant people are over this Corona virus outbreak. They were making  and laughing. #CoronavirusInSouthAfrica
Today my daughter referred to the time before Corona as ‘the olden days.’
#COVIDー19 Corona virus patients This shit is real 
Ex Mossad head Ephraim Halevy, ex Shin Bet head Yuval Diskin & over 50,000 Israelis protesting against Netanyahu's attacks on Israeli democratic institutions. (And host @lucyaharish demonstrates how to wear #corona-safe latex gloves.)  
First time in SF since Corona hit. Mostly empty streets. Some wearing masks. Somehow, many have taken up jogging (or runners are the only ones going out). Parking available everywhere. Where'd the cars go? Feels like Christmas morning on a random Saturday.
Message to 138 Indian Billionaire @gautam_adani @AmbaniTina etc. 18 Billionaires in Italy gave $28 Million to stop corona. #SidLookintoMyEyes
BREAKING: Corona virus cases has now exceeded 300,000 world-wide! It was around 250,000 just 24hrs ago. See the chart below for  analysis of deaths, recovered cases etc worldwide. 
This Iranian Mullah thinks it's a good idea to visit Corona patients unprotected, while rubbing a "magic" anti Corona "potion" on their lips and face. Stupid is what stupid does... 
I went around and asked people about the Corona Virus... LMAO 
We call upon the entire nation to observe #JanataCurfew on 22nd March from 7 am to 9 pm. Let’s unite in the fight against Corona Virus. 
20th birthday, 21st birthday and my actual corona birthday thanks to miss rona 
Rather than sharing and giving audience to those trying to show #Corona as a political or religious conspiracy against a group or section of society simply better to report the accounts & lodge  with FIA. Don't present a few ignorants as popular representatives of ppl
When you have symptoms of corona and mom says "Haldi wala dudh pi" Scientists who are trying to create the vaccines : 
Can't stop thinking about the aftermath of all this. There's probably gonna be a corona-themed memorial day. The impact on mental health, on dating/relationships, the  baby boom, the economy, work from home culture, the way we value leisurely activities.
NDTV deduces that Corona is safer than flu. Corona as a killer is a Myth. Italy, Iran, Spain ,UK, China, US & Europe wont agree with this silly channel & who ever runs it. Corona is a bloody Biological weapon. NDTV needs to learn more about such weapons and their objectives.
When this corona finally leaves we are all having a old Nollywood theme party: 
13 out of 15 corona positives of an Italian group (Including 1 Indian guide) shifted from ITBP Quarantine facility, New Delhi to Hospitals on March 4th 2020 for isolation have been tested negative after 16 days of medical care: Govt Sources #IndiaFightsCorona 
if you're still going out for absolutely no vaild reason, not washing hands, not wearing masks FGS PLEASE STOP. your life won't end if you stay home for few days but your life can definitely end because of the virus. start taking things seriously please CORONA VIRUS IS NOT A JOKE
This corona virus quarantine will teach y'all to stop dating these "where you taking me to eat" females & start looking for "dinner be ready by 7 babe". You out here in quarantine with a woman who can't cook, you gonna eat beauty???
@RSSorg fights #CoronaVirus Rss karyakartas visit local people houses & slums Distribute masks to people to fight corona virus While these selfless Individuals contribute more than any one in nation building They are the first to reach when a natural disaster strikes. Contd.. 
It would be sweet if Durham and Barr started indicting people right now Let’s switch the Narrative Mr President and watch how fast Corona disappears @realDonaldTrump #StayAtHome #coronavirus #SaturdayVibes #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #WhenThisIsAllOver
Inadequacies of developed democracies , so-called First World in dealing with Corona Crises are  more than evident. Only China, Presidential Form ”with benefits“ has succeeded so far. Gets you thinking, doesn’t it? Forget the rest, even Mullahs aren’t listening to logic. 
Corona replication cycle 
Govt of TN WhatsApp chatbot for #CoronavirusOutbreakindia doubts clarification. To access: Whatsapp no: +91 9035 766 766 Saying Hi on WhatsApp to +91 9035 766 766 will get automated response on queries related to Corona Demo video @NHM_TN Please Retweet  …
Coincidence, Premonition or Hidden message?: In the Disney movie "Tangled", the Mom quarantined girl. Name of the kingdom? You guessed it - CORONA (theawakening) submitted by Specific_Fox
Did he just say that THEY READ ABOUT IT IN THE NEWSPAPERS LIKE EVERYONE ELSE??? I'm not going insane from my fear of corona, I'm going insane from watching this disinformation campaign.
it was confirmed as false news a week ago but corona said no bro I dont miss  …
#RAJINIVoiceForGoodCause #ShameonTwitterIndia OMG, So much negativity, So much it is.  people do Politics over this Epidemic outbreak Corona #COVID19 God Nature will save us from Corona for sure. But how could we save the world from this Filthy human beings
My nani sent me this via WhatsApp. So like I guess someone open book for di corona  
The only country in world with zero cases of #corona is North Korea. Sirf kim jong un bachega? #RajasthanLockDown 
Guys I wanna try a social experiment amid all this corona virus insanity. Everyone send me $100 dollars. We can beat this guys. Stay safe. Let’s see how this changes things. #coronavirus
Our response to CoronaVirus (COVID - 19) - Report Date: 21 March 2020, 8:00 PM *The confirmed Corona cases are as reported by the Ministry of Public Health 
I am beginning to suspect a woman invented this Corona virus because: 1. Mostly men die. 2. football matches cancelled. 3. Sports events cancelled. 4. Bars & pubs closed. 5. No socializing in public 6. You have to stay at home with your wife for 24/7!!!
13 out of 15 corona positives of an Italian group (Including 1 Indian guide) shifted from ITBP Quarantine facility, Chhawla, New Delhi to Hospitals on 4 March, 2020 for isolation have been tested negative today after 16 days of medical care: Govt Sources. #CoronaVirus
#BREAKING: CM @MuradAliShahPPP decides to  #lockdown in #Sindh from tomorrow. #CoronaFreePakistan #CoronaVirusUpdates #Corona 
Corona effects 
Say what you will about Corona but at least in Denmark it's brought people closer together and strengthened  I can't wait for this to all blow over so we can corrupt society again seriously we can't be this healthy for each other and the planet it's boring
@narendramodi Sir, We Punekars are ready for #JantaCurfew, which means "Care for you" and following all your instructions  isolating ourselves for the day. We together will win fight against Corona by saving saving our people and our India. 
PM Modi led indian Govt takes strict measures to curb corona virus pandemic Indian govt shuts domestic and local trains and public stores to curb public movements
I might be wrong due to limited knowledge about medical science and Corona virus but I feel that a country like India has a lot of potential for the spread of the virus because too many people are too densely packed & they don’t care too much. A 14 days curfew may be a good idea.
RT this or you will get corona virus 
Doctor Usama (Shaheed)...A hero who lost his life treating Corona patients.. #lockdownpakistan 
Muslims across the world helping their governments by following orders to fight against corona. Muslims in India are claiming corona arosed from Kuran and only to destroy indigenous faith following Indians. What’s real nationalism ? Helping country or antinational instincts?  …
Me: Hollyweird’s self imposed malnutrition cannot deprive their brains of any more cells. Virus: Hold my Corona.  …
fuck corona, im hanging out with ny girls today 
Even USA says test only if you symtoms of corona virus but the @ndtv types want everyone in India to be tested such skkkums you 
Don't let corona distract you from the fact that you're a loser and you're probably gonna die single
What the Ugandan govt has done over the past weeks is now being adopted by most Govts across the world Most are reacting very late  infections & deaths At least from day 1 they have known that the only way to fight the Corona virus is ensuring it doesn't get in
We call upon the entire nation to observe #JantaCurfew on 22nd March from 7 am to 9 pm. Let’s unite in the fight against Corona Virus. 
If Corona virus doesn't leave, Ramadan will wash it away, because it's the month of mercy.. In sha Allah
Governor Punjab @ChMSarwar inaugurates #Corona telemedicine centres, helpline at Punjab University and Rescue-1122 head office. #PakistanFightsCorona #StayHomeStaySafe  
1 month back All Jihadis be like chalo Shaheen bagh One month later Corona saying all jihadis: Ek baap ke ho to aao ab Shaheen bagh!! Corona - 1 Qur*n - 0
Also in Nigeria  of Sant'Egidio @santegidionews  to fighting the Corona virus sensitisation in the villages and distributing disinfectants to our friends on the street,and the elderly. #StaySafe @IgnatiusKaigama @NCDCgov @picturesse 
We were there for each other in 2005 earthquake, we were there for each other in 2010 floods, we were there for each other 17 years during WaT. We will be there for each other during Corona virus & all of its ramifications I still believe in the good people. We will win this war
Zimbabwe police dealing with church that refused to take instructions of closing for Corona virus.. The Government of Ghana what are you waiting for? If persuation fails, Force must be applied. @NAkufoAddo look sharp on this Noo time 
I will be live on NTA channel 8 , south east and south south by 7.15 pm tonight to discuss the Corona Virus Outbreaks in the world and Nigeria . Join me
This fucking virus. My crying 81 year old grandmother, two meters away in the door, who lost her partner last night and I can’t so much as be there or give her a hug for fear of giving her corona. It’s inhumane. It’s utterly heartbreaking and I don’t know if I can bear it
“One of my coworkers recently treated a corona-positive patient and now she’s exhibiting symptoms but she doesn’t qualify for a test because she was wearing protection. Many nurses are begging for tests and we aren’t getting it.”  …
Phew . For a 2nd I thought we were leading in Corona . I'm stressed  …
#DrUsama he is no more he was treating patients infected with corona .Hatts off to u . You r our proud and dignity 
Priyanka Vadra educates public on Corona hygiene. Public figures should do this here also.  …
This is the finished edit of #calmwithhorses . Countless hours of collective work, over many years, went into this funny little collection of coloured blocks. Sad that the theatrical release got totally wiped out by corona. Look out for the digital release on April 27 
Need some positivity? Overloaded by corona news? Are you bored of pictures of empty bread supermarket bread isles? Would you like to see a normal amount of bread filling an isle? Look no further. A well stocked @AldiUK in Cornwall. In fact, everyone except loo roll was in 
Corona Virus India Indian population 130 crores If 30% Population is infected 42 crore 20% need hospitalisation 8 crore 10% need ventilator 4 crore Total ventilators in India 1 lakh What will happen to rest 3 crore 99 lakh patients? Only solution : social distancing
how most days are spent right now & worrying if I have corona every 5 seconds 
Not really. I keep my corona info and shitposting in a balanced way  …
we just raised two million dollars in 48 hours for corona victims, what have you done in your life besides outing a harassment victim and busting unions
Pakistan appears to have added 260 corona virus cases today. Don’t see that figure decreasing unless  down hard at all public places, public congregations, shuts down travel between major cities and imposes rolling curfews/ lockdowns. 1/5
Ur first 5 emojies tell ur corona Vacations
Americans annually tax return this year was 7240 billion dollars (22k dollars per American) still they’re unable to do free corona test. Pakistan’s annual tax revenue is 4000 billion (122 dollars per Pakistani) still literate ignorant peoples are demanding free test facility
Fascinating mass demonstration in #Israel, all virtual, tens of thousands watching on line. Yuval Diskin, former head of Shabak, says " #Netanyahu is not the Churchill of corona, not the Begin of peace or democracy, def not the Ben Gurion who established the state" 
BREAKING: FAA stops all departures at ALL New York City area airports, Philadelphia, and others due to staffing issues related to Corona Virus. 
I can’t unhear Cardi B saying CORONA VIRUS.
275kg deadlift @84kg body weight. Had to do it before corona kills my gains lol 
There’s a Senegalese who made a website that is regularly updated to help people get more information about the cases, locality, and growth trend of the Corona virus in Sénégal. Check it out to get more insight general insights and share  
Wallahi due to corona virus indoor yoga became a motive 
fuck corona 
The Democrats will soon be passing Sanctuary protections for Corona It’s their little gem It’s their new best friend It’s their long lost love It’s their answer to public control It’s their answer to forcing Socialism on us It’s their answer to everything They love Corona
Is this kind of Corona Jihad that they will spread the virus & get infected first & then they will occupy hospital beds and avail all medical facilities & kaafirs will suffer ! Close all Mosques now.. fk secularism BC !
So there is no Papa who can say fire and corona goes away. #Asakhe
Aunty Corona after you’ve washed your hands for 19 seconds. 
#JanathaCurfew When you use Corona Outbreak to Curfew the Whole nation, So no one can Protest against you. #CAA 
Jamming out to the new @BodyCountBand album. Ace of spades remake is awesome. Makes me want to punch corona virus in throat. Awesome job @FINALLEVEL #bodycount #metal #music #awesome 
Trans people before Corona Virus vs trans people now 
"Baby tell me those three magical words" Ramdas Athawale~ "Go Corona Go" #कोरोना_को_हराना_है
It would be naive, to believe that Corona Virus is not a Biological weapon. China may have slipped for some time-but has managed to achieve its strategic objectives of damaging world economy & being the sole player. If India beats corona & it would have beaten China too.
Can't Wait For The Day To Hear "Corona Virus Is Finally Gone"
There's a lesson learned for the Post Corona Wrestling Era: (I don't curse often so allow me.) Chill with the petty shit. All that hating and aggression and jealousy matters for WHAT right now? They took it away from ALL OF US. We need togetherness as workers more than ever.
My fiance works at a Corona crisis center. It’s long hours, stressful, dangerous. When  home: - House is clean - Dinner is ready - Laundry is done All I want her to do is focus on saving lives. Take care of the health care professionals around you. We need them.
The Democrats don’t want to cure Corona It’s their only way of getting everyone on the Government nipple Then once the majority of lazy Americans are hooked on it  Socialism Then, our Country is gone
In this era of fake news, especially on #Corona, of late, Karnataka is missing a great man like H.Narasimhaiah, who could’ve decimated all the rubbish that’s been doing the rounds, with one simple explanation to the people. “ಪ್ರಶ್ನೆ ಮಾಡದೆ ಏನನ್ನೂ ಒಪ್ಪಬೇಡಿ” was his motto.
When this Corona shit passes we have to promise each other that we are going to tell our kids that we survived a zombie apocalypse in 2020
Are you taking these little precautions? These precautions will strengthen our fight against the corona virus. Don't believe any rumors, don't spread any false rumors. Make consciousness a part of your life and raise awareness. @priyankagandhi⁩ 
Let’s do this & fight #Corona . @priyankagandhi ji on #HandHygiene #SafeHands #CoronavirusOutbreakindia #StaySafeStayHome #StayHomeSaveLives 
Imagine if scientists can say they will release the corona virus vaccine when Kambole scores an official goal at kaizer chiefs. 
But...but...but... CORONA!!!!!  …
So this guy sent me a message on WhatsApp this morning, uthi kimi “ hanty wangincitsha, khathesi sokuzadliwa ngumuhlwa usubulewe yi Corona”
Wake up call from global investor and author Ruchir Sharma: Global recession is built into corona crisis, could get worse if outbreak lasts beyond May, Indian economy in worse place than 2008,if it grows at even 3 per cent will be a ‘miracle’. Watch here!  …
I strongly believe Italy will  this. Let's put them in our prayers guys corona virus is a ni joke. 793 new deaths in Italy in just 24hours.. 
“Mommy got the corona virus” OMG
corona really let the worst three signs (sagittarius, aquarius and pisces) thrive for a bit but all hell breaks loose once we get to aries szn huh
Makes sense that many of the Corona Baby Boom Quaranteens will be born under sagittarius
Hope he's okay. He's high risk to this Corona ting  …
We call upon the entire nation to observe #JantaCurfew on 22nd March from 7 am to 9 pm. Let’s unite in the fight against Corona Virus. 
The Dems will do everything humanly possible to block, slow down or Prevent any cures or Vaccines for Corona They know if it’s cured. They’re done They‘d rather watch thousands of us die in order to get the White House back Democrats are the enemy of America #StayAtHome
They behave like PMB speech will automatically end Corona Virus outbreak. Trump has been talking yet Americans are dying. Please PMB is not a talkative. Leave my President alone.
No bailouts for airlines. Planet and people first - that’s Corona’s lesson  …
 back to the country you swear was the worst because of corona fears and you won't even fill out the right details at the airport for them to ensure you are self isolating. Madness
I saw a Corona delivery truck in town and I have to wonder if he’s just as embarrassed as I am for him.
This corona shit really needs to end.
As per the request of the Hon. PM,India will observe a ‘Citizen Curfew’ tom to fight this war against Corona Virus. This is the moment to spend time with the Lord, Family or good books-as per one’s inclination.Time for Caution&Spiritual practice. To give thanks to all in Service!
some of these corona emails i’m receiving  / orgs are saying absolutely nothing
When African citizen that live in Euro is struggling  back to their father's land becus of Corona Virus  …
One thing this reminds me of is that people who at this point have had corona and thankfully made it through are a little like the teens who had sex first and can tell the scared virgins what it’s like
From 1st Feb to 19th March i.e. in 48 days there were 191 Corona cases in India But in last 2 days (20th & 21th Mar), 131 cases were reported What we saw in 48 days are seen in just 2 days Situation might worsen from tomorrow So plz understand &  out of your houses
There’s a suicidal old religious man in my town who has actively been trying to get Corona and been open about it He wants it so that he can die so that he won’t end up in hell This is seriously one of the most sad things I have heard in a while, felt so bad for him
DROPPING ONE SONG OFF THIS IN AN HOUR CUZ I LOVE YALL N I KNOW CORONA GOT YALL IN DA CRIB DEPRESSED  …
Corona treats every1 equally from Sharuk khan to flop actor to Modi to beggar to beautiful to ugly woman all equally which our Gods weren’t doing and that’s why in anger it closed down temples mosques nd churches to teach a lesson to all Gods and we poor devotees r suffering
To enable government to deal with the challenge of Corona imposition of CORONA TAX on rich individuals needs to be given consideration.
Stop living in your la la land&face hard facts--fact is,India is leading,war against #Corona. Airlifting 1444 people from China,Iran,Japan& Italy,setting up $10mn SAARC fund,sending aid to Maldives&Israel&taking lead in bringing G20 together--we are doing what needs to be done!  …
With 793 deaths, this was the deadliest day for Italy. This should tell us Kashmiris that when this Corona thing goes out of control how much dangerous it can be. If, with world class health infrastructure and facilities, Italy couldn't do much about it, what can we do? 1/2
One in 28 individual tested today has resulted in +ve case for #Corona virus. Yesterday one in 34 individual tested had resulted in +ve case. What’s more worrying is the testing rate... yesterday 1028 individuals tested while today 1210 individuals. 79 new +ve cases in 24 hrs.  …
Now that the WHO has declared Europe the new epicenter of the virus, I think it's only fair that this so-called menace "Corona-chan" gets a proper redesign. 
When the Corona Virus finally exhausts itself and the danger is over, let's do something good for our country and spend our holidays in England, eat in local restaurants, buy British products, buy local meats and veggies and support local businesses. Retweet if you agree.
#JanataCurfew Of The People By The People For The People Fight Against #Corona #CoronavirusPandemic @ashwani_mahajan  …
If anyone thinks the Democrats want to find a cure for CoronaVirus.....You’re insane....They look at Corona as some political advantage to them.....They will continue to try and destroy the economy in the name of Corona They don’t care about us...It’s all for them #StayAtHome
When this Corona Virus pandemic is over, let’s remember it was not the politicians or CEOs that saved us. It was the doctors, nurses, healthcare workers, scientists, Costco , Amazon and Walmart workers, food workers, etc. They are the real heroes. #SaluteHealthCareWorkers
BREAKING: Government of Uganda bans all passenger flights from entering Uganda. Only cargo and UN planes will be allowed to land. All travelers entering Uganda through buses have been banned as well, effective March 22, hasn’t registered any corona virus cases. 
Please concentrate on the message. Nani ako na tips za hii corona anisaidie, kesho nikue nikiangusha facts tu. Help a brother 
Tick removal because as my kid said, you can’t have corona without the lime. 
Kid off camera: “Nobody Gives a Fuck About Corona” Kids on camera: *drinking beer out each other’s butt cracks.* Apparently he’s right. 
