** Exclusive Corona virus report ** Personal friend provides this anonymous report from china: “yes everyone is being ask to work from home. yes  has a guard at the door that scans your temperature before  in.” continued  
Corona virus protection. Added benefit .. no one knows who the hell you are 
Isn’t it funny how quickly Morrison jumps to act to protect Australians’ health in the face of the corona  to Aus’ Climate Change fires?I guess it easier to victimise the Chinese rather than the fossil fuel and  #insiders #auspol
She is all China is searching for. Just blink fast for a minute and Corona Virus will be blown out of the world  …
Happiness in darkness, from gloomy to cheers.. feeling of returning motherland from corona virus hunted city... Jay Nepal !! 
Here we go. First start for @CH14_ and he's got the captain's band. Pavon, Katai and Sasha up top with him as well. With Jona out, a midfield of Corona & Lletget. Let's see how this preseason game goes. #MexicansAbroad #MLS  …
If we do suffer a supply shock due to corona, maybe we will have to revisit the "The Merits of Price Gouging". I wrote the following, largely inspired by guys like @mungowitz (although Mike is not culpable for my  …
Be careful buying #MAGA hats around Daytona this week, a lot of people are saying the hats flags and t-shirts were made in China in the Hubei province, where the Corona Virus started! So stay safe and stay clear of #MAGA2020 gear! #NASCAR #DAYTONA500
Corona Virus Topic creating very interesting social dynamic with regards to interpretation / concern - 3 cohorts of opinion by speaker: 1) (not smart, no info access): concern 2) (smart, no info access): no big deal 3) (smart, info access): extreme concern Abnormal curve
LOOK..HOMES ARE PRISONS THIS IS HOW THEY GET FOOD... #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirusjapan #coronavirusdeutschland #coronaviruschina #Coronavirusmexico #coronaviruswuhan #corona 
Nobody wants Corona Virus the most in this country than Nigerian journalists.
no this is china and you're corona virus.  …
Coronavirus-related racism is real. When I visited a hospital near Stuttgart due to a minor injury, a middle-aged German guy saw my 12-month-old child toddling around & said "Der hat einen Corona Einschlag! (He looks a bit like Corona!)" I don't think he was talking about beer.
Corona virus predicted months in advance ?? Crisis actors ?? There are some really sick people in this world, and that’s not referring to those infected. 
Girl let’s go buy corona virus masks -me to my friend with doo doo breath
You have my singular and undivided attention. You sent my son home on the day they were passing valentines around in class and he came home in tears... because your predudices made you think my Asian child had the corona virus. I hope you feel the vibrations of my rage.
Stopped by @AOC’s campaign office opening in Corona. We need her voice in Congress to fight for a #GreenNewDeal that helps  climate change and create a new economy filled with good 
Because of the corona virus the racism against asians only increased, people are fucking dying and y'all have the audacity to make dumb ass jokes about it. I'm fucking mad. I swear I can't even walk in peace thinking bout that someone might look sickening at me
When the deadly Corona Virus struck in China, their Armed Forces were called in to help fight it! Locusts are a threat to food security, but sadly when they struck out in East Africa, no Armed Forces of those affected Countries were called to fight the destructive pests! But why?
Lowkey google corona virus everyday , to see if e don near us ... jP issa
Follow @KlaytnPX or i will die from mental breakdown plis help I need klaytn to hit 1000 followers or we will all have Corona virus PX the gang I'm not in the gang follow @KlaytnPX 4 president thanks @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX @KlaytnPX
ABC is reporting “a man has been attacked by a beer bottle”. Corona Virus?
A kiss in Corona #SoKai #kingdomheartsIIIReMind 
Jozy Altidore got bodied off the ball by DePuy. Jozy then got challenged by Corona and went down. He’s called for the handball after rolling the ball away from everyone. So he’s in midseason form. #LAGalaxy #MLS #LAvTOR #Preseason #CH14
With pipeline protests, Covid-19 (the virus formerly known as corona) and the auditor general on the agenda, it's your Family Day weekend edition of @unspunpodcast with @JodyVance and @George_Affleck. #vanpoli #bcpoli  
Lletget, Corona, and Kljestan. That really isn’t a bad midfield considering JdS is out.
Me: Can we get Chinese? Mom: No, it has Corona Me: That's racist Mom: How? That's where it started Me: They live and make the food here how could they have Corona Mom: Because they cook dog and cat and rat Me: Mom: Me: Mom: Me: Mom: *laughs hysterically* Someone help me
BREAKING NEWS Perry Pumas eliminate CORONAvirus Perry 6, Corona 0! . Let’s go!! 
World Health Org gave a blistering speech today to Euro, US abt how we aren't doing enuff to help China battle Corona. Well, since Impeached Moron has revenge GUTTED NSA, etc...we CAN'T adaquatly "lead", while China" buys us time" !!!
I would just like to reassure everyone that my last place little league Corona Astros team did not in fact steal signs in 2005.
Moving like this app is ur diary relax Ayt so basically today at work I found out someone caught the corona virus
So I read AFRICAN BLOOD RESISTS CORONA VIRUS How true?? #Coronavirus 
Perry 1 Corona 0. 37:00 in 1st half 
I always knew something was not right about corona virus...the figures were so low. The way CCP is handling the virus is nowhere close to how Ebola was being contained(in Africa).
Day 9: Still sick Is this the corona virus? Do I need limes... how do I get rid of this?
Something interesting happens when you overlay Corona virus quarantine camps, with sealed indictment map.. 
It’s arrived with a corona virus side order! 
You see Ebola, SARS, Corona virus, and the rest, I believe they were all engineered in the lab. They are all bioweapons. Correct me if I sound naive!
Ugandans are insensitive but no one has tweeted bi corona virus bintwala from china we are growing
They pushed back monster problems out of fear that it wouldn’t work because of the corona virus. They should have to do the same for American assassin who  out during the attentants and that why this movie was not successful. Finally wise decision.
Which is more dangerous? RT for BiggBoss Like for Corona Virus
Celebrated the opening of Congresswoman @AOC @RepAOC campaign office in Corona! So grateful for this bold, fierce & unapologetic Boricua leader...and so thrilled she is my Congressmember 
Hoteps BEEN Told you about this Corona virus. First they create fear and panic. Then the useful idiots push "solutions" (Blue check dorks) to convince the plebs to unwittingly go along with the agenda. 
Matcha laced with corona virus
That looks like the corona virus in food form  …
I love this guy who’s stuck on a quarantined cruise ship and uses his time on the phone with a @WSJ journalist to take this shot at his wife while he might have corona virus 
This person lost all credibility when she called Michael Avenatti “the Holy Spirit” @ananavarro Avenatti was your man’s man look Ana Why don’t you do a story on the corona virus or the homeless in LA and other democrat disaster cities  …
Wow, Nick Fuentes must have really pissed off JF. I've always liked JF. He's fun to watch. His corona virus speculations were great. And Destiny was like a psychopath who made my blood boil too. Wonder what happened with Nick. What did Nick do? I missed it. 
if your name starts with a c, I'm gonna call you corona virus, no offence doe
Corona virus . . . Khona virus . . . Rona virus Which disease u have...?
Last birthday, I celebrated by doing a set of 100 lb dumbbell presses. This year I'm battling some freak illness and have been sleeping all day. I don't have the symptoms of Corona, so that's good.
“What am I going to do without my dad? The treatment was so delayed！“ wailing of a girl in #Wuhan after her dad passed away due to #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #VIRUS_CORONA #WuhanPneumonia 
Sorry i don’t speak corona  …
I am so sick... no corona plz
No way corona isn’t chilling with us in Lagos.
East London’s the only place without corona virus so please 
It’s over for the Corona Virus  …
I've taken down the puddle video. A man was splashed with water during the filming of that movie but everyone is OK and nobody was hurt. Meanwhile the Corona Virus death count has exceeded 1500 people.
Comparing Bobby Eaton to Nick Jackson is  Corona beer to the Corona Virus.
the wind is so strong cos the government wants to spread corona virus
My friend died of corona 55 years ago, he went under the back wheels of the truck when we were stealing bottles of drink. True story.  …
The issue is not your body but public safety.if one child is infected many could suffer like the corona virus.why should many suffer because a few are so ideological  on public safety?  …
Chinese woman spreading Corona virus 
Somehow about 40% of most demographic groups in USA are OK with letting in Corona virus infections.  
FIRST ROUND OF PLAYOFFS ARE TODAY The boys will take on corona @corona @4. We need everyone  out and support
#NCYT #NOVACYT "Novacyt is the only one to develop a test to detect Corona virus" Target share price €7, 581p in English h/t AR 
Just dropped a full crate eh corona on the floor in Tesco. Get it right up me
Where's the corona virus when you need it?  …
You know what else could kill you besides corona-virus? Your expectations.
How to deal with corona virus 
As I just hit my one year cancer free anniversary, I was asked by coworkers to participate in the events of their Relay For Life in Corona for the American Cancer Association. Can you all help?Every little bit helps! 
CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis #TRUMP2020 #TheGreatAwakeningWorldwide #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE #DigitalSoldiersWorldwide  …
charlie ebi this version of Ghana adey ebi Corona-virus Type Fuck Jah Bless we with Abundant Money #KENCY2020
Good morning, world! I'm headed out to canvass in Corona this morning. In the evening I'll be at Round Table there, so if you'd like to meet me, stop by between 4 & 6 pm. And remember... to-morrow we have  show and I lose my Viking beard-braids. Please join us! 
It has possiblity of POSTPONE the DÉ DÉ MOUSE Tainan Live. Because of the outbreak of corona virus. I'll announce you ASAP.
I don't know Corona virus but this looks like it... 
Food delivery to corona patients at the new hospital in China. While humans could be prone to millions of nameless new viruses, the technology developed  handy to some extent. 
Political correctness is preventing us from finding out the truth about corona virus.
I think that this stupid attitude to the disaster by Corona Virus will appear in the Tokyo Olympic. It seems that the government of Japan, not only Tokyo, doesn't concern about health and lives. #coronavirus #TokyoOlympics  …
#CoronaVirus #COVID19 How Robots are helping Corona Virus quarantine people. *********** 
Let’s hope steps toward ending the illegal trade in pangolins will be redoubled in the light of a possible link with the corona virus outbreak   …
China quarantines "Fiat" to sanitize old bank notes from corona virus. #China #Corona #WuhanVirus
DANGER POINT Now, as the media does not inform viewers of the 300 million traveling 4 Chinese New Year, they will B responsible 4 many deaths. Corona Virus is a huge pandemic & lying about Trump instead of informing it’s viewers about the danger is pure ineptitude. FCC ALIVE ?  …
The corona virus is working, it has stomped down not only the Hong Kong protests but anti banks/government protests worldwide. The Elite have free path to  their greatest plan, flipping the old monetary system and economy to the new quantum financial system
So now our story has gone to the TOP of the BBC news under #mustsee  I’m up there with the corona virus. CMON you know @liamgallagher
Time to block our airspace. We are not ready for this in Nigeria. I'm not married with kids yet, I'm not on Forbes richest youth yet. I am yet to even have sex. Please God, we don't want Corona virus or Covid-19. We are okay with Toyota Corolla
Wait so pangolins are both causing and solving corona? I'm so confused  …
Woke up with a slight sore throat for the first time in 3.5 years. Must be human contact on the flight to Dixie Alley a week ago. NOT ruling out Corona Virus
Thank you to Public Health and Hospital specialists in charge of corona virus planning in North West London for a productive meeting. We are still in “Containment” mode in UK & must hope we do not have to move to “Full Response”. Keep well out there & act swiftly on any symptoms. 
My 6 year old nephew was a passport officer on their mock Open Day at school and he made a passport for my dad. My dad asked the baby playing the Chinese immigration officer if it was safe to visit China and she was like NO SIR CORONA VIRUS and I’m just Lol-ing at the honesty 
Poland and Hungary will be maybe the last countries to have cases of corona virus. Think about that. Why? Strong BORDERS. Open illegal immigration is a virus. A plague. A little lesson here.
can this corona virus died quickly when will the situation get back to normal... i’m so tired of wearing mask everyday... my concert & travel plans = my life is ruined too
There r no passengers returning to China from Melbourne to Guangzhou .d plane was booked full by Australian Chinese who bought d tickets & put d donated relief materials in their seats. In addition, almost all masks in US were bought by China.  our unity ! #Corona
Watching about the Corona Virus on youtube, apparently there is now some racism directed towards Chinese people. STOP IT, you have more chance of winning the lottery than contracting the virus from a Chinese person, who by the way has probably not been to China since last year or
Father God, we aggressively apply the Blood of #Jesus over all our households, that no plague can touch any member of our family. Release the healing power of Christ for all those that have been affected by this corona virus. Jesus, protect all the medical personnel, we pray!
mum decided to have chinese for dinner tonight bc a lot of the chinese restaurants are struggling atm bc people don’t wanna eat their food because of the corona virus and it made me so
‘Corona’  the first international virus that most Indian celebrities  on. Earlier such posts used to be ‘Awareness barometer’ of stars. Such are the effects of #CAA #NRC
A country that cannot contain a very predictable Lassa Fever occuring annually, but boasting around about its preparedness for Corona. Very laughable.
Updating genetical superiority? Chinese Doctors Say That African Blood Genes Are Resistant To Corona Virus  …
A Chinese artist exhibits the support of #Pakistan and #Russia for #China during Corona epidemic. 
The Corona virus might be contained before September 2020. You stand a good chance of getting the scholarship since few people want to study in Wuhan, China. Get the scholarship first, then decide whether or not to study in China when   …
Breaking News: the Corona Virus has just been elected the 46th President of the United States of America. 
Everyone in Egypt please be careful. The first case of corona virus has been confirmed in Egypt and the medical staff that received the patient is a joke. They literally took a selfie with him. May god keep us safe.
Corona Virus in Egypt, Visa on arrival in Nigeria, % China products, In fact we even have China Town in Lagos. It will take God for this epidemic not to enter this country.
CDC Director Warns Outbreak Corona Virus Is Coming to US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Robert Redfield said this won’t be enough to stop an eventual outbreak in America, it’s only a matter of time before the virus  established  …
#NewProfilePic Corona seems to only like Asians, so I am freed from the suit! I actually took the pic in the background this time 
According to corbyn its Racist to swerve Chinese areas because you are worried you might get corona virus and die. My god he's not real is he  …
Corona Who? 
What corona virus? 
In this age of making poor jokes out of genuine health concerns, if anyone calls you “corona” just cough back at them.
8 Samoan people being sent to Fiji to self quarantine of the Corona Virus after a trip to India for medical reasons. They had to transit through to Singapore (high risk) to Fiji then back home to Samoa only to be sent back to Fiji by the Samoan govt.
Not trying to sound like a nervous Nellie here but just doing research on the Corona virus and I came across something troubling. This virus can stay alive on hard surfaces for 9 days. I know we still do trade with China so what's the chances of some goods from China...
Updates about corona virus. It can be transmitted through phone calls now. Be guided
What’s happening in God’s name in China. For God’s Sake, let the world came together to fight this and don’t let this  reason for doom. #CoronaVirus #corona 
Dont accept friend request of unknown good looking person on social media without verification. Looks can be deceptive . These beautiful looking images are of Corona Virus !!! 
Genesis 1:26 "And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea,and over the fowl,and over the cattle,and over all the earth and over every creeping things #HiddenTruth_Of_Bible #corona 
Kana some big SA retailers aren't getting any of their deliveries and merchandise from China any time soon due to Corona virus restrictions plus new orders aren't being made cos people aren't allowed to gather in large numbers like factories in some regions.
Jusko. So baka 8 games a day and 2 separate venue daw! Because of the corona virus thingie. Hahaha. Mamadaliin ang UAAP!
I was told by a DU academic last Tuesday that some #NorthEast students were teased as “corona virus” in a north campus college resulting into a tense situation. How many more decades will need to understand one part of your own nation??  …
Is anyone paying attention to this? 5 million evacuated from a city of 8 million. This guy is saying the government killed them.!!! CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis  …
Two MORE cruise ships are denied permission to dock in Vietnam over Corona Virus fears 
Blue state throat stomps. The LEFT infection makes Corona Virus look like a joke. Blue State MAGA's have the worst challenge in containing the LEFT Pandemic. @joey_nations is taking the LEFT contagion head on... and his only protection is a MAGA hat. Share. RT.  …
Hope all the preventive & timely measures taken by our Union Government & all the State Governments are effectively implemented to deal with the deadly #coronavirus threat in India. (Below was the response by the @MoHFW_INDIA to my question raised in Rajya Sabha on Corona virus) 
#கலவரம்தூண்டும்திமுக DMK is another name of corona virus in india...especially in tamil nadu.. A curse for this state...during 60s created rift against leader kamaraj and spoiled his name.. Now in 2020 they are creating same slogan among muslim brothers..
 out with a HUGE 3-1 win over LBJ!!! 2 goals from @Kallie_Krenz and 1 from Estephania Corona! Assists from @allison_till and @kat_banda7. Feel free to provide captions for the photo @LocLions @LockhartISD @VypeATX 
Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Yokohama Japan for CORONA. Sonali Thakkar from Mumbai with 160 Indian crew members also held up on Cruise. Govt of India Consular Anil Kumar Kalra is nodal officer to help Indians. Email: fscons.tokyo@mea.gov.in Tel: +81 80 3301 5242 
Why DMK is a disease in 1 tweet. We don’t need COVID-19 Corona Virus to finish us off. We have DMK to do that job.  …
#ShaheenBhag like situation in Tamil Nadu. This Islamic radicalism virus is worse than the Corona Virus. If this virus enters you, you  a zombie devoid of  sense.
Egypt really said this Valentine’s we’re not catching feelings we’re catching Corona
Egyptians love to not claim Africa, so we as Africans still say Corona who?  …
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible eating meat is against the rules of God. And you can see it's result, Corona Virus is spreading because of meat. 
Forget Corona virus. This is the real danger #VoteCuomoOut #poison #virus #EnemyOfThePeople 
Who was Prophet Adam ? Where came from? Prophet adam was not the first man on earth he was the soul of Jain Terrathkar "Shree Rishbhdev " Find real spiritual knowledge on #HiddenTruth_Of_Bible #coronavirus #COVID19 #coronavirusafrica #corona 
You even said it nicely. It would’ve been “Meghan knowingly visits homeless charity posing the greatest corona virus risk in the world, and makes avocado toast using avocados grown with the blood of child soldiers; how much more will she take from our Queen?”
hearing Leafy on Drama Alert is so fucking weird "just so you know, I have Corona virus" -first words heard from Leafyishere in forever what is 2020
I give you my personal guarantee that your nips are 100% corona-proof.
That’s right! They talked about Sakura instead of corona virus ! Because they wanted to make Abe administration look bad, they don’t care about our lives. They are not Japanese so no wonder that they are not helping us.
Is Emperor Corona issuing a shoot to kill order against #coronaviruschina victims? Why this Chinese cop is carrying a AK47 if there is no such an  …
I pray that Corona virus doesn't really hit us coz with this mentality of our own people who are service providers we'll definitely die. I don't understand why are we so ignorant with our own people's problems? @Shipululo @ngurare The government needs a serious 
Corona Virus outbreak makes all Asian Kids Gets Sorted into Ravenclaw This video talks about corona virus & racism in a hilarious way, using Hogwarts & Harry Potter as the analogy. Talks about  issue in a simple way. Smart! 
Just so y'all know, I'm watching neked asses on a raft in the Pacific Ocean leaving China. Think I may have found ground zero for the Corona virus on Neked and Afraid. "I'll keep watching"
WHY IS THE CORONA VIRUS LISTED ON THE LYSOL BOTTLE, CLAIMING LYSOL KILLS IT? A LYSOL LABEL WAS SHOWN ON A VIDEO A DAY OR SO AGO? AND IT WAS STATED BILL GATES OWNED THE PATENT ON IT. SEVERAL DAYS AGO A VIDEO CLAIMED SOMEONE IN A CANADIAN LAB SENT THE VIRUS TO WUHAN, CHINA?
Corona regional prolly the worst hospital of all time
Indonesia is safe from Corona Virus? Think again  …
President* Trump solutions to “Corona” virus: Let the April “HEAT” heat kill it Nuke it like a hurricane Cross it out with a President* Trump sharpie, aka “Trumpie” Put tariffs on Corona beer and win the trade war against the virus Very stable genius at work. 
First corona then mysterious nigerian disease and now this , 2020 really sICK asf  …
Here’s a better quality version of the thumbnail, and @gleamfulanterns pointed out to me that the movie Eugene has his hair cut in the back. So the right is the real Eugene, left is the imposter. Then the question  why is Eugene wearing that red Corona outfit?? 
is not corona B
Friendly reminder to wash your hands and cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze or cough to reduce the spreading of germs!! Especially since someone in San Antonio was diagnosed with the Corona Virus! 
Hey my mom just opened up her first bakery if you’re in the queens corona area a RT or support would be dope we’re just starting out! 107-04 Corona Ave, Flushing, NY 11368
Warning. There is a new virus more dangerous than the corona virus. Its called the Thicko virus and it has already badly affected supporters of Trump USA, Johnson UK and Morrison Australia. It might  a world wide pandemic.
The logic of the Edelman survey @paddycosgrave @conorgallagher is that the world’s best media is in China. Seriously? The ones who were unable to report the corona virus crisis and got arrested and ‘disappeared’ when they did 
US economics professor Khairy Tourk on corona virus: “There has been too much exaggeration of the negative effects of this epidemic... [China] is moving in the right direction in dealing with its crisis”  …
Scientists have now discovered that Corona virus makes its home between foreskin and the head of shaft. That's why circumcised men are safe. ~ Dr Zakir Naik
 … Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q713 
Love in the time of Corona 
something amazingly fits a rough description for the current corona v in Canada from october and around that time a bunch of Chinese nationals who worked there were escorted off the level 4 bio lab also a Chinese was detained for trying to smuggle bio material out of canada
hey ou friends! Jack and I can’t find our kitty Corona. We’ve spent hours looking for her and are so heartbroken. She’s a little chocolate point siamese and wearing a light blue collar. We are hoping she’s near Univ. Commons/S Shafer St. If anyone sees her, please let us know. 
Someone actually applauded for that? It’s official, I’m rooting for the Corona virus.
The ministry of health in Eswatini has confirmed that it is investigating a suspected case of corona virus. 
Who could have foreseen that not closing the borders would lead to the massive spread of the corona virus?
Love is in the air, but so is the Corona virus. Wash your hands.
Most of you probably want flowers and chocolates as a Valentines gift. I however, want to pound back a 12 pack of Corona, smoke a fat joint and eat choke pupus!
8 flights were on lockdown at Heathrow 2 MP's under self isolation 2 Doctors catch the virus from surgery 100's of attendee's at London Conference exposed to the virus. A woman catches an uber and arrives at Lewisham Hospital suspected of corona virus. #CoronaVirusUK
Love in the time of Corona.
What do you say to your 7 year old twins who are both crying with REAL tears & ANXIETY over the Corona virus? I thought they didnt know what it was but they've been watching Newsround on CBBC. They were sobbing & very stressed. They think they might die! What do I say?
Kills the Corona virus AND it smells good? Sign me up. 
Traveling to ESwatini? Please be mindful of a suspected case of corona virus. The government Of ESwatini through the guidance of the world health organization is investigating the case. 
Buffon telling a Chinese person ''I'm watching you'' because of the Corona Virus and then asked if he is from Wuhan is not racial abuse?  …
Was in Max Smart MSH, Saket. Went to Max Pharmacy to buy Mask for myself, as a precaution, since recently I had Renal Transplant. The Pharmacy Guy replies; Don't talk about masks, You won't find one! Gone Underground! Because of Corona Virus ! Hoarding Started, to cash! 
To all those who  corona on the post, I’ve only ever seen China in photos so y’all can rot and take your racist stuff elsewhere xx  …
What a nice aurora night last night on Senja island! Again not much on the forecast but we still managed to have a quiet corona expansion around 1am! @TamithaSkov @B_Ubiquitous @StormHour @chunder10 @dartanner @treetanner @Lathanafoto 
corona is here
Today I'm wishing the corona virus would hit the Whitehouse. Sometimes it takes one ugly virus to eradicate another. On that optimistic note, #HappyValentines. #radicalhonesty #honesty
Forget Corona  …
Population = 190M Nigerian doctors = 40,000 Dr /patient ratio = 4 Doc to 10,000 Doctors borrow gloves, oxygen tank e.t.c we have very poor health facilities. If corona  we would not be able to cope because our health system is weak. Our oga at the top will run to UK.
I wanna order blonde hair on AliExpress. Due to the corona virus outbreak, apparently deliveries are taking longer. Have you guys experienced this?
Brilliant Cockney geezer on BBC London news says he's not worried about Corona virus because "come the summer the heat will kill it off".
Happy #ValentinesDay corona virus style.. 
Wow Emperor Corona lied 2 President Trump: "during the phone call, President Xi assured President Trump that China was on it, would be openness, will accept our help, export targets will be delayed little bit but will be met...We are disappointed that we haven't been invited in."  …
when you hate people more than corona viruse . . . 
Corona Labs shuts down. Announcing Corona game engine and tools will be open sourced under the MIT license on GitHub.  … #gamedev #indiedev 
Corona virus is in ends, we’re khalas
What!? “Corona Virus may have been started in a weapons lab” #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I'm not looking forward to seeing how racism, xenophobia, and  once clusters of Corona virus are discovered in Africa. The people that won't vaccinate their kids, and that brought measles back, and that think flu shots give you the flu, will be out in force.
You are sooo paranoid Jon! Next thing you'll claim that the only reason there's no cases of Corona virus in Africa is because most nations don't have COVID-9 test kits. Only Ghana, Madagascar, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Senegal, and South Africa have test kits?  …
Germany is more strongly exposed to the corona virus than most others, a technical recession is possible, but not inevitable. The government has plenty of fiscal space to push against the already strong slowdown of industry.  … via @markets
Love aint in the air but the corona virus is
EGYPT REPORTS FIRST CORONA VIRUS CASE: MENA 
Kerala Corona virus update: 130 people removed from the list of home quarantine. 2288 people under observation across the state. 2272 on in-home quarantine.408 samples sent for testing, 379 results negative; Condition of 16 people monitored in hospitals is stable
like the crews said, they did it to avoid Corona 19. This insists how they treated the whole Korean passengers, as some virus carriers that needed to be isolated. This is racism as well! And just to make an medical advice, if you wanted to protect yourselves that badly, >
My Corona. Please help me find who made this. Hilarious. 
Fact 1. Never ever you will see a contagious and as deadly virus as SARS or Corona originating from India even though India is as densely populated as China and any form of contagious infection spread will be very hard to control, even today.
Keep some powder dry! Magnitude n duration of disruption due to Corona virus still uncertain. Debt (shorter end) still decent Agrochemicals,niche pharma n consumption plays can b looked  via The Economic Times App(Download Now): 
Chinese at it again: Corrected death toll in Corona virus by Reducing it by 108--over period they will bring it to Sibal-- Shameless dictators and benign world media/ldrs--My hunch is it will impact Chinese Economy very very badly:) RT
Wow!!! Concerned About The Corona virus, Catholic Bishop suspends all public Masses and services.....  …
I believe anyone that gets corona virus cure China will give him $1Billion sef  …
"Xi also stressed the importance to roll out a biosecurity law as soon as possible." @HuXijin_GT ofGlobal Times is reporting this. Why would Emperor Corona want 2 roll out a biosecurity law ASAP if #coronaviruschina was NOT leaked from Wuhan P4 bioweapon lab? To  …
I can't believe this guy is a business & economics reporter for a major newspaper. Spot price of LNG in Market was lower than our contracts for almost all of 2019 much before Corona Outbreak. Why can't you guys just double check things before bending backwards to criticise PTI?  …
The Maybank Championship and Volvo China Open have both been postponed due to the outbreak of Corona-virus. Discussions are ongoing with all parties looking into the possibility of rescheduling both tournaments later this season.
Why hasn’t Corona virus hit Africa or Sourh America?
Corona Virus- Excellent video on the Origins and Intent. Know your Enemy! This was no accident. They  after you and me. Thank you @PunishDem1776 
FAKE? I watched @AmbCuiTiankai interview w/ Face the Nation on 9 Feb/wondered when Emperor Corona'll recall him 4 failing 2 deny this charge. I tweeted it.  … still wont allow CDC team 2 visit. Navano said on the record "will have 2 be held  …
It is a biggest sin to consume meat. And it is proved that #COVID19 (Corona virus) is spreading because of meat. So Stop Eating Meat No Meat No #CoronaVirus - Supreme Saint Rampal Ji @SaintRampalJiM Watch Video 
Kang Daniel: Told Danity to wash their hands often with soap for more than 30 seconds to prevent from corona virus Danity: Wash their hands & spread awareness by providing free hand sanitizer for everyone to use Our role model in good deeds @danielk_konnect cr. pict 
Haciendo mi pernil y moro, una Corona en la mano, and blasting the saddest Raulin! It’s gonna be a good day
Exchanging gifts on Valentine's day can also spread Corona virus .You are advised to ignore the Valentine's days till further notice.
Corona Centennial-Mater Dei is on KDOC and Sierra Canyon-St. John Bosco is on Prep Zone.
Don't forget, it's Valentine's day. Spread the love like a Corona virus. 
If I catch the Corona virus I will simply get better
When you have @AVanceIR and @DoctorUche at the Irdocnigeria practice in lagos, we get into  stuff. Complex pelvic avm fed by corona mortis(EIA) and IMA treated with glue embolization. Yes in lagos!!! #wearesimplyonamission @SIRspecialists @IN_publishing 
Indonesian: Get me a glass of water. Corona: I'm corona virus. Indonesian: Ok corona virus get me a glass of water.  …
China lives in our hearts. We will not leave you in difficult times. The Corona virus can't beat the strong people of China. We fought against it until the last breath. @zlj517 @AmbLINSongtian @China_Panama @CPEC_CSCEC @li_xiaosi @WangXianfeng8 @WangJianPaco 
The patient under quarantine for Corona Virus infection in ATH ABBOTTABAD tested NEGATIVE from NIH ISLAMABAD. #coronavirusu 
Already prepared for the #LightningHackdayBCN Ticket La casa de papel mask @Blockstream Spy Hat Corona Firewall See you in Barcelona!  
Prime Minister @narendramodi issued appreciation  the  of the @airindiain team involved in the evacuation process. The evacuation was done to help the stranded Indians in Wuhan which is the epicentre of the Novel Corona Virus Flu.
- Violence - Corruption - Inequality - Poverty - Unemployment - Inflation - Corona Design Designah Problem  and go, Konjum chill pannu maapi.. #OruKuttiKathai / #KuttiStory 
We should appreciate @Dir_Lokesh and Team for the fantastic design work in the song.. How many of you noticed "Corona"..?? Kudos to the Team.. And it was really like our Thalapathy Vijay is speaking to us.. Good work Team.. #OruKuttiKathai / #KuttiStory #Master
How many of notice CORONA #KuttiStory #Master 
London: CORONA VIRUS DISCOVERED IN LONDON Paramedics in hazmat suits march man out of flat in Paddington after telling bystanders 'we have a confirmed case'. Panic set in when woman became first confirmed patient in the capital. 
How many u seen it Corona is in this art #Master #OruKuttiKathai 
If anyone starts manifesting the symptoms of Corona Virus, please act quickly and report immediately to your local conservative club, or failing that, the Houses of Patliament, Westminster.
@dkmaraga if all cases are concluded this fast. We would not be having this Corona virus in Kenya called corruption. #Kenya
Goldenness! Please reply this hashtag #울림_하이터치회_취소해 under this tweet! We need to make woollim cancel Golden Child's event at Japan next month! With this corona virus, it's really not responsible to hold an event overseas! Please Goldenness, for the sake of our boys  …
due to the corona virus, the production of the lightstick was suspended and there might be a temporary shutdown of the factory in china, which could mean delays in production  …
Called out of work sick. Told my job I have Corona virus and I was in the hospital. They asked for proof. 
- lightstick was sold out and they wanted to produce more - problem is the production factory has closed due to the corona virus - they’ll try to find another solution  …
The Corona virus outbreak shd remind us that outbreaks are preventable and manageable. See  of the IVTF. Strong Clinical Research Capacity in At-Risk Countries Key to Global Epidemic Prevention  … via @WorldBank
you say corona virus we say cheese touch you say brother we say bubby you like one direction? sorry we only listen to real music you say bad words we say ploopy you say LOL we say zoo wee mama
The only way to avoid the #CoronaVirus is  to the shelter of #WorldSavior_SaintRampalJi, do devotion in devotion, always be happy that you will not have any disease in the future because it is absolute God. - No meat No corona virus China Good Job.. 
BBC Scotland news trumpets loudly yesterday. "A massive increase in numbers tested for the deadly Corona virus in Scotland" Then whispers the conclusion "all negative". Gutted.
98. #WuhanPneumonia: China's ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, on "Face the Nation" DID NOT deny that #coronavirus could've stemmed from the Chinese military's biological warfare program; at Wuhan Virology Institute #corona RNA/protein sequences' are researched. 
Last week wey ma roommate flow en woman say he dey go overseas but he  Val's day. Today chairman dey talk en woman say dem quarantine am sakof Corona Virus so he can't take Madam out One word for Chairman.....
corona??? hospital who?????? drink tolak angin instead  …
These Wuhan Corona Virus prevention HQ messages have been getting more and more militant with reference to fighting a war against the illness to protect out home and cut down the virus.
Another exhibit of why I love my @StearsBusiness lads! @ChineEzeks and I were just talking about how corona virus crippling operations in China will affect the rest of the world, then I get stears' email showing an example of how it's already affecting Nigerian businesses. 
The Moment when you see a beautiful drawing by Albrecht Dürer & realising that you are starting to behave a bit neurotic developing a „need“ of washing your hands more often since Corona Virus #COVID2019 outbreak almost not seeing the amazing #art 
“The corona virus was identified in Hubei province in December, but almost no precautions were put in place initially. In the past week or so there have been apologies from top local officials for the slow reaction.”  …
Say it with sanitizer: Beijing florist Cai Xiaoman is selling Valentine’s Day bouquets along with a bottle of hand sanitizer in the wake of corona scare  
Nobody: My insipid brain, which has woken me up in the middle of to night to think this thought: M-m-m-m-m-m-m My Corona[virus]
Corona: "gonna gechu indonesian" Indonesian: "We literally eat the stuff that fall in the ground as long belum lima menit. You're cute, corona."  …
The safety of our passengers and employees is our top priority. After a thorough evaluation of all currently available information on the Corona Virus, we have decided to suspend our flights to and from China until the end of the winter flight schedule on 28 March 2020. 
See wetin NTA dey waste time on this morning. There’s the Bayelsa Issue, there’s insurgency/security issues, there’s even corona Virus. But no we think Marlians are the biggest problem now. 
I want to congratulate @FredMatiangi and Mr. Francis Atwoli  out strong to defend Kenyan workers. This are criminals who should go back and suffer Corona Virus #BabuOwino 
It sure seems funny to me that bill gates owns a patent on Corona virus and yesterday a lab in California says it has a vaccine they developed within hours of getting a sample of the virus and who is thier biggest backer? Yes ,bill gates. Imagine that!
Prevention is better than cure. An awareness program about corona virus organised @CISF Unit VSTPP Vindhyanagar. 
Can anything stop Liverpool winnng the Premier League!? Man City World War lll Corona virus Space: We got this...  …
Breaking Chinese doctors confirmed that African blood  resist Corona Virus
Please be aware that the of devine powers has taken birth on the earth. He will remove sorrow from the world and established prosperity to the world Its only upto we how long will we take to identified him, #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID2019 #Corona 
Ay, Tone, so you sayin' da Chinese havin' trouble disposing of bodies affected by the Corona Viriss in 2020 yet in the 1940s they were able to cremate how many bodies in what amount of time again? It just ain't addin' up! 
Love in a time of Corona. by Jibreel Garcia Zarkhaiz 
Really difficult days. Not an easy decision to being forced to cancel MWC20 in Barcelona. The Corona virus has caused people  to avoid travel. Health and safety must always be first in priority - hence the decision. Sad sad days We will be back, stronger in MWC21 
Right: 15 hours of travel, wading through corona soup at Gatwick, four children and one hormonal wife. Only way through this: booze.
idk this is so funny like the way them 218 japanese people got corona but these 78 indonesians stay mad healthy  …
Received a courtesy call by H.E. Phomma Sidsena, Ambassador of Laos to Indonesia (14/02) Extended appreciation to Laos for hosting the ASEAN - China Special Ministerial Meeting on Corona in Vientiane, 20 February 2020 to. 
In association to the current corona virus outbreak, Here is an authentic 16th century plague doctor mask that has been preserved over the years and is currently on display at the German museum of medical history 
Today, Sebastian & I got to meet @TheAlanvargas & Natalia from March for Our Lives - Corona ( @Mfolcorona). We listened, learned, and engaged in a powerful conversation on gun violence prevention. @ewarren is addressing this head on:  
Breaking: Corona Vaccine developed. Patients have to just watch this video, and other ailments will also be cured. 
Trudeau won't shut down Corona flights but he's okay with paid Eco Terrorists shutting down Canada.
Corona virus used like a prop 
WHO Dir, Tedros Adhanom: Ebola is lousy, this is airborne, #CODIV19 #coronavirus is airborne and it's more contagious. In terms of potential to wreak havoc, corona is very different than ebola, corona has more potency, virulent, we take it more seriously. 
2020 KIM JAE JOONG ASIA TOUR IN KUALA LUMPUR concert on 14 March 2020 at Malawati Indoor Stadium has been now postponed by Force Major due to the outbreak of Corona Virus from Wuhan.
To the mf that tried to shut me tf up about the corona virus. They don’t attempt to build a massive hospital in 10 days for false flags. They don’t beat dogs to fucking death for false flags
Fight for virus Corona 
Why don’t all the provaxxers go to China and test out the new Corona Virus Vaccine for us?  …
Trump and Corona virus are once in a life time opportunities presented to India...give  a offer they can't refuse to get those units shifted..
Why are equity investors ignoring the Corona virus?
in the fall of 1918 the spanish influenza spread the globe and killed millions. corona virus  to them white colonizer plagues. the regular flu kills way more ppl.
My mom is working with the corona virus patients in San Antonio and she said 3 more cases  into her hospital I'm literally shitting my pants
And it's open phones on @SiriusXM & you don't have to subscribe to join the converation. What terrifies you? Medicare cuts? Corona virus? Asteroids racing towards us? Democratic Socialism? Mike Bloomberg? Call 866-997-GRIT and tell me everything.
#VeryInteresting New York Times article shared by RFK Jr @RobertKennedyJr on the plastics recycling industry. Evergreen Recycling of Corona and NYC has a tie to 9/11?  … #Q3856 Define Evergreen  out soon on 9/11?  
I’ve been hesitant to draw parallels between CCP policies in the Uyghur Region and towards other eastern cities approach to. corona virus. But parallels are striking, starting with “round up all who should be rounded up.”  …
My heart goes out to those battling/struggling with the Corona Virus and their families all over the world. God loves you and HE is with you. 
Love In the Time of Corona 
#coronavirusec China sent people back to work, this is how they are working! Retweet to share with others #china #Coronavius #wuhan #corona #death #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Podcast is live! Come join us for our interview with @Corona_Eternal, dual wielding discussion, new H5 concept art  news and a couple of announcements!   
Just as in the case of Nipah, Kerala has won battle with Corona Virus. All the 3 patients identified have been confirmed by Central authorities to have fully recovered. No case of secondary spread. Number under quarantine observation  down.Congats Health Dept.
Decades ago in a  I said that any single celled organism (bacteria or a minute virus ) can  a threat to entire humanity (In the context of human arrogance ) It can even bring down economies I said . Judges were not convinced . SARS came later & now CORONA
Happy V-day: corona virus update from 12 Feb 2020: Confirmed cases grew 34% on new criteria to 59,404 & that's a 34% daily growth rate Death rose to 1,367 from 1113 & that's a 23% daily fatality expansion rate, which puts us at 2.3% Recovered growth flat at 23% & 5,911 people 
Since one case of corona virus on a cruise ship with thousands turns the whole boat into a quarantine, I think I'll stay off those boats for awhile.
"Quarantinetive Easing" Feels like the next Wall Street report title on the corona virus.
I'm fine with Corona virus wiping them out.  …
This has to be just for show. I’m not aware of anything like this helping kill a virus like the Wuhan Corona. @JoeSilverman7 - what are your  …
In case you need a quick memory jog... #liverymadness | Players vs Corona  
Very intense moon halo and corona taken around 4 a.m. this morning. It was extremely large so this is a 3-shot pano as I could not fit it all in a single shot. Manitoba, Canada. #weather #moonhalo #Winnipeg #ctv #manitoba #canada #stormhour 
In just about an hour and a half, we will have the folks on from @Corona_Eternal to talk about Project: REBIRTH; a  Halo project. Join us at 8:30P EST on Twitch, Mixer and YouTube for our interview along  highlights and 
I still think the Corona Virus cases/deaths are grossly underreported to avoid unnecessary panic.
i don't even understand why winner need to console or apologize to fans for cancellation of encore concerts like it's not their fault corona virus happened. why those people are so selfish? the concert cancellation made everyone sad but the saddest ones will be winner members.
Yeah, before the Corona virus. Where are they now??? Dead or in camps. Does this make you wanna STOP buying China made products and shop American instead. If not, it should.  …
imagine using China as an example for healthcare and human rights as the corona virus is thriving  …
if i get corona virus and it kills me off put a picture of vin diesel sipping a corona on my gravestone
The jokes were running for black people all over the world regarding Ebola, well best believe people are gonna have to put up with the foolery this time too. If nobody made it a scandal before then we’re giving the same treatment for the Corona virus. Keep them  
Just a reminder what Hong Kong looked like before the outbreak of Corona Virus 
I can’t decide if I’d rather be quarantined on a cruise ship with corona virus - or be locked in a room with Pelosi for an hour. Most recover from the virus... But Nancy would have vodka.
Corona virus spreads through fecal matter. So now that it's hit LA with its anal licking millennials we should all be dead by Tuesday.
- Federal government announces N36million cash reward for any Nigerian Scientist who finds a cure for corona virus. 
Corona Virus will turn the entire world into Sanatani's: 1) Don't Shake Hands, Say Namaste 2) Don't Eat Non-Vegetarian Especially Red Meat 3) Cremate Your Dead Well when the apocalypse arrives all just have to go back to root's, there is just no other way...
I just saw on FB a conspiracy theory that the corona virus is caused by 5G fields, which also happen to be called coronas. This kind of thinking is what we are fighting against folks. 
corona virus now this ?? god really throwin everything at us  …
This explains why apocalyptic right wing figure Yehudah Glick made a video blaming Chinese government "evildoers" for corona virus.  …
phils new video isn’t a mukbang it’s CORONA VIRUS IN LONDON GONE WRONG?? *NOT CLICKBAIT* and it’s gonna be sponsored by honey
Today’s anti-Asian Corona Virus fear mongering brought to you by throwaway account Albert N. Report this crap and get it removed. (FWIW, the majority of tourists that visit this store for photo ops are Japanese- but I don’t expect someone like Albert to know the difference -_-) 
Solidarity  common challanges like corona virus....  …
So basically heejun said that they are delaying  due to the corona virus situation* and that  back when the weather gets warm. He also said he will prepare a busking when the weather gets better. *cause if  now they won't be able to see fans. 
Average car accident deaths PER DAY is 3,200. Corona virus total dead 1,400. Tell me again why the MSM top story is "the virus?" Well.. lets stop driving? Good idea?
kens5: the corona virus is now in San Antonio Everyone in SA:  …
Opinion | Corona Virus WAS made by Trump, and I have the proof. Corona is an anagram of Racoon, where the Umbrella Corporation tests viruses on humans | Carole Cadwalladr 
Producer Dean Metcalf joins us in the studio to help @PatGodwin with his newest hit My Corona. Tune in nightly at 8PM on YouTube and Facebook to watch BOB & TOM Tonight for 20 minutes of the show! 
St Joes announces new Head Coach Mike Corona. @SJCIAthletics @SJCI @SJCIfootball @WNYAthletics  …
She asked that people share her story. This hate crime, unleashed by the corona virus, brings to light anti-Asian bigotry, a topic that gets short shrift with model minority stereotypes. The student asked, "What could I have done to avoid it?" The answer is nothing. (2/3)
Could I Please Have A Cold Corona WOOOOO Light. And A Shot Of Jack For My Friend THE UNDERTAKER? Mr. Undertaker To You Straight Up! Never Chilled! @undertaker @corona 
Chinese children in Britain mocked in school because of corona virus. Just sad tbh  …
49% of USA's homeless are in California Causing a surge highly infectious diseases: Typhus, Tuberculosis, Staph, Hepatitis A, & Bubonic Plague. The Left want to quarantine Corona virus, Yet they allow homeless to keep filth & feces on the streets.  …
#nbsfrontline : Dr Obuku is making dangerous and misleading statements downplaying the seriousness of Corona virus. How can he possibly say we should not highten preparedness bcoz malaria is a worse problem. Thanks @norbertmao for a most sober 
At the cape Town Monero meet up with @fluffypony explaining the corona virus 
Gonna be so sick when Goop drops the corona virus antidote
Is it true that wearing face masks is useless in preventing the contraction of the Wuhan flu virus because the virus is smaller than the filter in the mask? Short answer: Yes (Ukuran Virus Corona 0,125 mikron), filter masker yg dijual cuma 0,3 mikron maksimum
People are talking about the corona virus but to be honest I've been feeling sick ever since I left you. 
Corona & hazardous asteroids all trying to bail us out of witnessing Liverpool win the Premier league  …
Human parasite @Jkylebass, who made half a billion dollars speculating on credit default swaps and destabilizing the global economy, calls for corona virus to "rampage through the ranks" of Chinese journalists and government officials.  …
Just found out about the corona virus. That’s messed up. Don’t text. 
CORONAVIRUS: Professor Neil Ferguson states on the COVID-19 Outbreak “We’re at the eary stages of a global pandemic” (BBC News) #covid19 #coronavirus #coronavirusoutbreak #Corona #China #ChinaVirus 
I warned of  economic impact of corona virus covid19 before the press did. Here is some data to back up what is happening good now.  …
Today’s Council conclusions on the novel corona virus are a result of #EU2020HR’s coordinated efforts on all levels. The EU has shown a prompt reaction to a  challenge. Read more:  
strong contender for worst corona virus take of the week  …
#China deploys #Robots to distribute food to #corona quarantined people,to contain the virus.TY: @Realoilsheikh #technology #COVID #HRTech  @Dahl_Consult @smoothsale @crjaensch @AshokNellikar @Victoryabro @ShiCooks @robmay70 @AmandaRay02 @treasadovander
FG: The Nigerian that will find the cure to Corona Varus would be given 36 million Naira Lmaooo The winner of Big Brother Naija went home with 40 million plus
Corona virus is spreading faster than you know. The infected is actually higher than recorded in the data. Please stop making joke about this virus and pray that the virus stop spreading. Thanks  …
When she has corona virus but mama didn’t raise no fool.  …
There’s a confirmed case of the corona virus in Richardson, and 6 cases unconfirmed. Wash ur hands
CORONA- unMaskeD  via @YouTube. BETTER WATCH BEFORE ITS REMOVED.
CORONA VIRUS, LASSA FEVER: FG OFFERS N36MIL TO SCIENTISTS FOR SOLUTION HMST of @fmstng, @Dr_OgbonnayaOnu announced whopping sum of N36m to any Nigerian scientist who develops a vaccine to stem the scourge of Corona Virus (COVID-19) currently ravaging some parts of the world. 
Full marks to Kerala Govt for tackling corona virus with speed and efficiency. Public health systems do work well at times!!  …
Finally You Can See The Corona Virus in this Video, Yeah it is So Dangerous 
Listening to concerns about the impact of corona virus on the Manchester  and business with @jeremycorbyn this afternoon.  continued support and to challenge press pushing racist and ingnorant health messages. #thankyou 
My sister go back to  single bed and mustabate. This is where corona started.
GREAT piece of logic, humanity, sanity, as ever, by @jonrappoport. A must read. I feel the same: What presumptions are we making EVERY TIME we address what I call "The Corona Situation?"  …
Govt said........ “Hey students in Wuhan, we know you’re living in fear that you’ll contract the deadly corona virus anytime soon. But here’s 61,000 dollars. We don’t know how we you will access it but at least you won’t say that we never helped”
That corona virus really getting to these Asians. 
This is a friend of mine speaking on the corona virus situation in Wuhan. It seems the Ghanaian Embassy has abandoned them and they’re going through a whole lot.Let’s retweet and tag people as many as possible so the Officials in Government  to their aid 
Chinese GDP: fabricated Chinese SAT : fabricated Chinese Corona numbers: fabricated Boy who saw 
Western Corona virus paranoia is so pathetic and insensitive Jesus Christ. We’re reaching post-9/11 levels of racially induced cowardice.
BTW...I'm selling these stickers. Only £5 a pack of four. Stick them to your lapel, bags, briefcases, toolboxes, anywhere obvious. Nobody (decent),  near you and you'll be less likely to catch Corona. Anybody who does approach you won't have been anywhere forrin...so... 
BigTory backer JCB reduces the working week for all staff(they have to make it up later) Why...problems with the overseas supply chain due to the Corona virus.!?!. An early taste of BREXIT. OWN IT! Zero sympathy! @KayBurley @Peston @afneil @Jason_Mckeown @michaelgove
Years ago we used to get bottles of pop of the Corona van, now it's the name of a virus. You need to be a certain age to remember the Corona vans
It was wise to bring that corona ting to lewisham first it will die here and yet again we will have saved the whole of this stupid city & country.
Dr. Lin: #CoronavirusOutbreak is an explosion of biological terrorism Chinese hospitals' ICUs are overloaded with patients who went in for other diseases, ailments, now are infected with #corona  Listen & watch 
When the Corona Virus hits San Antonio 
London under one inch of snow: HELP where are the TRAINS how do I LIVE I can’t go to WORK London under Corona virus threat: We’re fucking LANDANERS we ain’t scared of NUFFIN I will LICK THE NORTHERN LINE
Your THIRD @has Corona virus .
Patch 20.20 Notes (Season 2020): - Added ‘Corona Zombies’ limited time mode - Ended ‘WWIII’ limited time mode, likely to return in a future update - Added Crazy Crater - Announcing ‘Summer Olympics’ event later this season - Announcing ‘Pick-A-President’ event later this season  …
First Texas case of corona virus confirmed in San Antonio. This is the 15th in the country.  …
Corona virus has claimed over 1,300 lives in china. Over 60,00 affected worldwide. Do we have a database of arrivals from Asia to lagos? Are health centers /private hospitals informed & prepared? Do we have good quarantine centers or are we depending on “God forbid”?
Personally monitored Demonetization 100+ people died in queues Personally monitored GST GST became  tax Personally monitored Economy Lowest growth & highest unemployment in 45 yrs Now, Modi is personally monitoring Corona Virus. Be afraid, be very afraid.  …
Fighting Corona virus. 
Could the Corona virus “outbreak” in the US be the (SCARE) necessary EVENT? Do you Trust the US Military? Military approves 11 COVID-19 quarantine 'camps'  … #QAnon
Would you have second thoughts about going to Thailand (already booked) for almost a month towards the end of March. Not me, someone at work, who goes twice a year...It worries me, in case he brings back Corona and infects us all at work.
Funny how it’s the kitchen sinks wearing masks in public and on the trains when they’re the fuckers riddled with this corona virus
Make a robot that cures Corona Virus.
Trust the Corona virus to get to Lewisham first In London
A Chinese nurse in a corona virus hit hospital in Henan Province gives her sobbling daughter an " air hug ". #Coronavirus . It's really breaks 
People on a cruise were quarantined for so long because of the Corona Virus they were offered free porn. What’s porn for people on cruises? Footage of a racially motivated attack?
“People who drank water from a hose as kids are immune to the Corona Virus.” - Facebook Medical Center.
#liverymadness - Alright lets get this tourney back underway. Now with the #1 overall seed Players vs the #13 seeded Corona. Which livery was better? Vote below in poll. Additional pics in thread!
Corona virus update.. 500 died in 1st 3 months 500 died in next 3 weeks 242 died in one day. Exponential rise. Can  to influenza outbreak during WW1 which wiped out 5% of world population. Dhruva tatti made a video saying "chota mota flu hai" 
Tfw I almost said Corona chan in conversation 
I love a Hebrew National hot dog with an ice-cold Corona - no lime. If the phone rings, I won't answer until I'm done. #husky #huskyheaven #love #dogsoftwitter 
"Baby I had ordered your present from China but it still hasn't been cleared yet because of this whole Corona thing..."
Read this entire thread on Japanese Twitter. None of the Indians from Wuhan contracted Corona virus says a news piece. Japanese internet is guessing it is because of turmeric and ginger curry or the river ganges. Very fascinating  …
This corona virus business has me moving mad paranoid in public. Got me whispering “the devil is a liar” every time someone sneezes.
Corona Chan Status: Not Contained 
Uganda Minister for Health on corona virus. Africa has no capacity to handle corona virus hence maximum precaution needed. 
WINNER are the type to apologize for even corona virus...
China has been lying about the #Corona virus from the beginning. 
No one Literally no one Le bhojpuri singers.. Are chacha corona ko to chhod dete 
In cold season, I start taking turmeric milk shots if I don’t have time to cook Indian food. There was a time when everyone around me had cold except me (I am generally cold prone). Not sure about Corona virus (no intention to verify). I Love turmeric.
Saying greetings instead of shaking hands. Not eating animals but only vegetarian. Cremating the dead instead of burying them. Since Corona virus the world is  Hindu?
Just what the world needs right now...more James Corden. And you thought the Corona Virus was the worst that 2020 could throw at us  …
200213 #드림캐쳐 #Dreamcatcher Comeback is approaching :  wish? hope our Somnies could enter the music show ASAP, i want to have fun with our Somnies ***currently some music show recording was set to private due to Corona 
Comparing the development of this year’s Corona virus (COVID19) to its 2003 variant, SARS, Corona's substantially quicker growth is striking. View an always up-to-date version of this chart plus other new data in the Macrobond database:  … 
While Aunty Abike is busy sorting out Cardi B and Lil Wayne’s immigration papers, Nigerian students are stuck in the epicenter of corona virus outbreak. You cannot shame the shameless.  …
The deaths of these fish are not due to the Corona virus. This incident occurred in Amamapare, Pomako, Timika, Papua. The death of these fish is thought to have been caused by pollution from tailings from the gold mining PT. #Freeport  …
Corona virus in London? Nows the perfect time to tell someone you love them. Birmingham road Coleshill layby before it’s too late 
Lol if chelsea defenders like, believe rumours and don't mark Ighalo because of corona virus. 10 -0 sure una die.
China local government orders to kill all the dogs in a village in Zhejiang Province to prevent the spread of coronavirus！！！ #Corona #武汉肺炎 #cronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The Corona Virus is a little concerning bit it's not going to stop me putting out lists, even though it has stopped my trip out with my mates on Saturday. Anyway here it is :- @celtjules66 @Card007Teri @up_again @upsadaizy @AustraliaLabor @labor_america @ElaineDyson1
Corona virus Is a chemical weapon used by china against its own citizen's. Remember the protesters? Remember they gassed them? Where are the protesters? They are sick and dying no longer protesting!  for you! That's the Democratic party here! Educate yourselves!
AAII Bulls rise 7.5 points to 41.3%. Bears fall 8.8 pts to 26.4. Back to where we were before the Corona Virus news first hit. 
"CO" stands for "corona," "VI" for "virus" and "D" for "disease." Read more about new official name #COVID19 for illness caused by latest novel #coronavirus  
Can I lead the rebellion that sees Corona Virus Disease changed to Coronavirus Disease ? #DeleteTheSpace @WHO #COVID2019
Recent findings suggest Corona’s popular club anthem “Rhythm of the Night” was inspired by early work on Plasmodium rhythms, whose periodicity is marked by recurrent, time-of-day specific fevers coinciding with the host’s dark phase Interested? Read on:  …
Abeg. I need to enjoy this knack. I wonder what advice Ejikem would give me on how to make this girl’s legs shake today. I had read his #Twitterafterdark threads last night. The woman beside me is coughing with her mouth wide open. Mannerless pig. So, if she has corona virus,
He should infect them with corona virus if he is affected so everyone at the club to die so we can buy new players and get Sporting director
You mave have difference of opinions. May be he is insane too, speaking rubbish and a deranged person who has all the hatred of this world in his life. At times you feel like punching him but still I request you to pray to God for Kunal Kamra & wish he recovers from Corona Virus
Only 15 African countries are capable of testing the Corona Virus. Yet the clowns running these countries own mansions in Dubai, Europe and the U.S. Some even claim to have 5 degrees, yet they can’t even provide pain killers in their central hospitals!  …
Out of concern and for safety reasons @G_I_DLE’s #ILAND TOUR in BANGKOK has been postponed due to the recent Corona Virus outbreak. New date will be announced soon and they wish for your understanding, their main priority is the girls health.  …
Pakistan is Indeed the safest place to be right now as they've refused to accept their citizens stuck in #Corona hit Wuhan (China) while all other nations bought them back.  …
#HealthyKashmirHappyKashmir. Youth Centre Watlab #Kashmir organised lecture on 'Corona Virus', to create awareness & educate on precautionary measures including high hygiene standards. Awareness is prevention and prevention is better than cure. #HumsayaHainHum 
@G_I_DLE has postponed their Bangkok tour stop fpr health reason and safety due to the corona virus! #G_I_DLE #여자아이들  …
PRAY FOR CHINA #Corona 
BREAKING: Six more Filipinos aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Japan have tested positive for the Corona Virus Disease (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infected Filipinos to 11, the Department of Foreign Affairs said Thursday. 
the walking dead china #Corona #COVID19  …
So Shatta Wale Said EC Doesn't Ban Political Parties When There Is Violence So Why Would Charterhouse Ban Him, Aden Is He The Corona Virus?? Adey Die!
According to the health ministry, there will be 7 types of corona viruses on February 14th.. 1. Corona.. 2. Aur Corona.. 3. Bas Corona.. 4. Mat corona.. 5. Dheere se Corona.. 6. Zor se Corona.. 7. Ek baar aur Corona!! #ValentinesDay #ValentinesDay2020
A taxi driver in Tokyo has been confirmed to have contracted the corona virus. That's actually concerning news.  …
The National Assembly of Pakistan unanimously passed resolution to support China in the fight against Corona virus. #PakStandsWithChina @zlj517 @AounSahi @WangXianfeng8 @CathayPak 
Great to see The Third Corona Book of HORROR STORIESin the TOP 3 spot in Best Sellers in Horror Anthologies on Amazon UK this morning.  You won't regret 
Lord I pray you send Corona virus to those that are planning to cheat on their boyfriends tomorrow yet they already received gifts from them. 
fuck. the corona virus is already spread in the hospital that i fcking had an appoinment at THIS MORNING, IM SCARED
My sources are putting Corona Virus spreading to 1 Billion people at 80% in a few months Avoiding all human contact on lockdown is the only way I know to stay safe. What’s your plan?
I’m gonna stop posting stuff related to the corona virus, as I’m sick and tired of people who don’t understand the basic concept of discrimination. BUT, a damn fine example of how to deal with the virus : A FUCKING HAND SANITIZER 
Did someone steal @MehreenFaruqi lamb that she bought for morning tea? She seems quite upset as she emplores people not to be racist against #corona by drinking #greatnorthern #Chang #hahn and #Jamesboags..who are we not to listen..seems Mehreen puts away a carton a night  …
The Corona Virus when it sees someone with a weak immune system  …
Pakistan, unlike, many neighbouring countries has decided *not* to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China - centre of the Corona Virus outbreak... It's left some of the 500 Pakistani uni students stuck there feeling abandoned: Our report on BBC World, w/ 
well the corona virus appeared in our city but I refuse to die until furudate confirms that bokuakaa canon
Gotta love Twitter. In one universe, people are doing gaali-galoch, & tearing their hair over politics, ideology, corona virus and doomsday theories. In a parallel universe, #kissDay is trending
An obvious Brexiter has just said to his friend on the train "Corona Virus is another reason why leaving the EU is good idea. We can shut our borders and Germany can't force us to open them" I actually pity him, the gormless sap.
Clown-ass financial news networks just now realizing how under-reported Corona Virus numbers have been.
Actually the article said about there will be new or novel Corona virus due to uncontrollable eating exotic food and it  true when wuhan virus or called as Covid19 outbreak from wuhan due to same reason as stated in the article
All major viruses be it Corona, HIV, Nipah, etc. started from China to Malaysia. While crores of Hindus visit Kumbh Mela, crores attend Pushkar Mela, crores visit Rameshvaram & at the sametime crores take dip in the sacred river/sea still not a single virus born or spread.
Corona virus was discovered in 1960 and there are 7 known strains, each having its own name like SARS, MERS, and now COVID-19. Each strain acts differently just like different strains of the flu. Read more here at this link  
On February 14 tomorrow there will be 11types of corona viruses: 1. Corona 2. Aur Corona 3. Bas corona 4. Mat corona 5. Dheere se corona 6. Zor se corona 7. Ek bar aur corona 8. Aage se corona 9. Piche se corona 10. Mu mein mat corona & lastly for AAP lovers 11. AAP Corona
Somewhere in China, while Corona is nyising the people, some Dudes are busy training for Valentine's .. This Nation mare, i give up!! 
Corona virus after finding out about the Yara virus 
“You can’t get the Corona virus if you keep the Word of Wisdom”
Who named it Corona? This has to mean something?  …
As Xehanort says this line a green "ad" is seen: Illuminate the future Corona *Development *e.g. a softer developer "Corona"="crown," can also refer to the crown of light around the sun during solar eclipse. With Riku's sun imagery, could he have a connection to this "price"...? 
The coverage of Ebola vs. Corona Virus is...
...so, The Corona Virus test kits that were sent to California and Georgia were faulty? What the heck CDC? Some U.S. states launch coronavirus testing while faulty test kits delay others | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
evelyn coughed in the sauna and i told everyone in there she has the corona virus so they told her to leave
Lmfaooo the corona  …
Viruses cell walls will implode at a certain vibrational frequency. Figure the frequency out- easy- and send that frequency out over loud speakers- BOOM - no corona, or other deadly viruses.Pandemic gone! Rife discovered this in 30’s to cure cancer.
*Breaking News* The #twitter Administration is informing all those using Chinese phones to leave @Twitter ASAP, because they are suspected of CORONA VIRUS. I dont want to mention your names just leave in peace not pieces
Every cruise has  on board to do a show. Spare a thought for the one booked on the Diamond Princess stuck in Japan because of Corona. He’s gotta be running short of material. By now I bet he’s just going from cabin door to cabin door doing knock knock jokes. 
Not just Corona Virus Sir, this government doesn't even take Congress threat seriously. We all know Congress is a bigger threat to India than Corona... Sir aap kuchh kariye  …
Is Corona virus a biological weapon developed by China
Home sick. It's obviously the Corona virus. Please send Mexican food.
corona virus WHO 
200 workers return to work, a corona case appears, all 200 get quarantined immediately. Note to self: stay home. Economists should be wrestling with the knock-on effects...  …
Someone said on my YT channel: "I came back to your channel because a year ago, you predicted a new disease/virus for 2020!" #CoronavirusUpdates #coronavirususa #corona
Has corona virus killed a white person yet?
This Dude Has The Corona Virus Cure. 
If any other country would have faced Corona Virus type havoc, nations would have mourned every day. With China, even Pray for China doesn't trend on social media. The world is emotionally less attached to China.
I was delighted to hear from young and dynamic minister @kishanreddybjp about the measures taken to prevent Corona Virus. The work that is being done at the ground level with masses  The govt is working on war-footing and that’s is really assuring. 
The troubling fact is that the whistle blower doctor died. If the mortality was truly 2%, it seems ( to me ) highly improbably that a healthy doctor in his 40's would die from contracting Corona virus.
The number of confirmed Corona Virus cases has increased by more than 15,000 and the number of deaths has increased by 254....in less than 24 hours. This is not getting better, it’s getting worse Pray. #COVID2019 #COVID_19 #Covid19 @TuckerCarlson  
CORONA VIRUS now 60,000 sick. A thousand dead. Unchecked could affect 60% of global population. Fatality rate MAYBE 1%. China deliberate suppression of news allowed it to rapidly spread unchecked. Now has ENORMOUS economic and political consequences.
We're already dealing with corona virus and the flu. Ebola, we'll call you when it's your turn  …
Call me a cynic, but the Corona virus started in the same Chinese town where they experiment in germ warfare. We're told the virus is no worse than flue, but the precautions being put in place suggest something else. We are not being told everything. Now emergency powers in force
One of my friends came over for dinner yesterday with his Chinese girl friend and it took my dad all of 30 seconds to make an inappropriate corona virus joke
The best part about living in an economically deprived part of Tennessee is that I'm not worried about a single person bringing the Corona virus back from China, most of y'all don't have gas money to get to Wal-Mart and back... Now if Chlamydia ever goes airborne and starts
All this talk about the corona virus got me thinking about how sick i feel being without you. 
President Rodrigo Duterte delivers a video message on the Corona Virus Disease (COVID-19): To my fellow Filipinos, today we face the very grave threat of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 or COVID-19.  
Too much of interfence by Science and Technology in the matter of the Nature will result into witnessing of many more such Corona type epidemics  generations..We have messed it up big time...
Roses are Red Violets are Blue I’m less worried about Corona Than I am of the flu
No Meat No #Corona Virus A developed country is not the one that has developed in science! The developed country is the one who has developed the values. Request from all countries, including China, to renounce meat! @WHO 
#Breaking: the corona virus just jumped based on new criteria (people already infected obvs but not counted). Yesterday, the count was 44,653 & fatality was 1,113 And today it is 60k!!! (I forecasted this for tomorrow (Valentine's day not today) Urgh.... 
My friends family worked really hard and are opening a new crepe shop.  support :) Just look at how delicious they look CREPES & CAKES 1206 MAGNOLIA AVE., CORONA CA Open from 11am-10pm starting Friday 
2003 - SARS - Killed 774+ 2012 - MERS - Killed 400+ 2015 - MERS - Killed 36+ 2018 - MERS - Killed 41 + 2020 - Corona - Killed 1000+ What Did we Learned from above ? All Happened in China & Chiniese should Be Vegeterian ? Last but not the least , What is Next China ?
I’m not 21 yet, so I can’t get the corona virus.
go to chinatown and eat lunch, you're not going to get corona virus ya damn racist. if you sweat afterwards it's just the delicious msg
Funny reactions about #Westerdam not allowed to disembark in Thailand. • Fear of corona virus from one cruise ship that stopped in HK but OK with plane loads of passengers from China • Cries for human rights from people who saw no reason to help Rohingya on rickety boats
Reminder. The last person on earth who should attempt to use the corona virus as a Q1 excuse for the market's rejection of his unreliable garbage-mobiles is this guy. $tsla  …
This Is What Happened After One Chinese Company Rushed To Reopen After The Corona-Chaos |  …
There's JUST ENOUGH info about corona to make it sound like a plausible threat, which is why it would be a GENIUS move to have it not be real at all. It exposes a DS mass extinction plan via bioweapon, while at the same time setting the stage for mass arrests. Think about it.  …
They R just following the Communist plan. Corona Virus began in China & they didn’t want 2 disrupt Chinese New Year travelers so they hid the truth. U R correct, they had NO INTENTION of infecting other countries. Just more BAD PRESS  …
The new decade has been wild. - Australia wildfires burnt area size of Florida. - 300 000 bats terrorizing Australia. - Locust plaugue of Biblical proportion in Africa. 360 billion Locusts. - Corona virus epidemic, 60 000 infected.
I tried to show my mom what this whole social media thing was about by letting her log into my account for a couple days. “One day it’s about Corona Virus & the next it’s about balancing brooms, you can keep your Twitter.” Great job friends.
China government starts killing Corona Virus affectives.... #PublicExecutions What is REALLY going on ??? 
“The new [corona] pneumonia epidemic prevention and control headquarters in Zhangwan District, Shiyan City, Hubei Province issued a notice announcing that Zhangwan District will implement wartime control from 24:00 on February 12” Wartime control - is this martial law in Wuhan?  …
Kobe Bryant and his daughter Gianna were buried Feb. 7 in a private ceremony in Corona del Mar, California  …
Thank god we still got Sheffield, Chelsea and Spurs to play. Ighalo gonna give them the corona virus so we make top 4. Don el gato Ed Woodward strikes again
I think he ought to be given the Corona virus so he can test his “solution”
Mason Corona just placed 1st in class at the San Antonio Livestock Show out of a class of 43 exhibitors. Congratulations Mason! 
KMA will be held privately for the saftey of everyone involved in light of the Corona Virus outbreak! KMA will be broadcasted Live for fans to watch! @G_I_DLE #G_I_DLE #여자아이들  …
3000 people get Corona virus and everyone stops travelling. Over 30 million have AIDS and people still don't want to wear a condom!
I will finish these beats in the airport but I will not catch corona virus 
Nothing can stop TWICE Even the corona germ  …
The most powerful governments on Earth can't keep the Corona Virus from spreading, but they claim they can change the Earth's temperature if you pay more taxes. Thank about that....
Ighalo can go down as a United Legend without even having to kick a ball if he dusts Ole and Woodward with the Corona. What a literal cold blooded assassin. 
This older lady angrily stared at me while on the phone shouting... “The corona virus! I heard it’s because Chinese people eat cats, dogs and rats and disgusting .” This lady is really trying to get me kicked out while she’s coughing her lungs out. B R U H
Retweet and I'll diagnose your twitter with corona Idea by 
Ex-Israeli parliament member Yehudah Glick, the self-described “peace activist” who has devoted his life to destroying the  says corona virus is God's punishment against Chinese government "evildoers". 
Don’t you find the timing of the Corona Virus Outbreak just a little strange? The people in China were in the middle of protesting their government... Hmm
I'd take the leash over the corona cube. "Sure sure officer, I'll bark for you just don't stick me in the toxbox"  …
Can we collect all these fake African Pastors and send them to China to perform their miracle by stopping the Corona Virus.
Minister of Health in Uganda and how they deal with the threat of Corona Virus 
Corona Virus is here to stay, the media is purposely NOT pushing the fear narrative this time. When world governments want everyone to "remain calm", that's usually a signal that society should be alert (and vice versa) The virus is going to be a slow creep over the planet.
NEW WTF SHOW: PELOSI, IOWA, THE NEW WAY FORWARD ACT & CORONA VIRUS BIOWEAPON -  
I consider this new Corona Virus a biological weapon. I think it will do a lot of harm but I believe we have been saved from a worse fate
can’t believe the corona virus hit 1k before i did  …
This is something serious Corona virus is A deadly virus that has killed many people many r in serious condition plz have some humanity bcoz U can nevr imagine the pain of people who r suffering frm this virus StopMaking jokes of this serious epidemic condition #cronovirus 
It's like the Oscars (in a good way!) here @RCPLondon - lots of thank yous from @CMO_England & @bodgoddard to @PHE_uk & the whole NHS. Tales of NHS resilience & efforts in times of crisis are heartening & inspiring - to all our colleagues, THANK YOU!!! #Corona 
Francoise Sagan in the 1950s with her Smith-Corona portable typewriter. See more photos here:  
Actually the academy is safe from corona virus because abuela from the midstore always makes sure we wipe off the top of the can
I can’t wait to be sat outside the lion, sunnies on, corona and lime and waving to every cunt who either beeps or is stuck in traffic. Let’s have it wagwan 123 up the arse fucking ydw diolch yn fawr x
Corona virus? HA! Nothing stops our intrepid duo! @JamesDelingpole and @toadmeister give new meaning to the term "Real Stand Up Guys." It's probably just "Man Flu" anyway... But on to important stuff! Boris, the Oscars and the ever-suicidal BBC and more!  
bro the corona virus got here faster then my mouse
White people when the jokes were about African people & Ebola virus: kekekeke... hahahaha... lol vs. White people when the jokes are about Chinese people &amp; Corona virus: “WOAH THERE NI**ER—THATS RACIST!!!!” 
Absolutely being carried by both #inks @adelso_corona and #colors @SebastianArtist on these #commissions! #pencils by 俺 #BlackPanther #Avengers #Marvel #comics #art #アメコミ #漫画 #PhilipTan 
As a subscriber to royalty free stock imagery platform it sure does look like they are getting ready for mass use of corona virus imagery...just sayin! 
Grab your spot for @CinderblockTV's #SXSW Block Party presented by @corona Hard Seltzer! Bring your swimsuit and lets party.  drinks, 5 bands (TBA), and an exclusive VIP only after-party! Hit our list for the RSVP!  
Its pretty convenient that whenever one global virus gets handled a brand new one aeems to appear. Aids, Ebola, sars, corona. Not that I'm implying anything.
What ever happened to the Corona virus?
Robots attending to Corona virus patients in China. 
Just a reminder what Hong Kong looked like before the outbreak of Corona Virus 
Hello @Jim_Bakker I've been taking your Silver Sol for over a month and I feel great - no corona virus! 
I think my reporting on the Corona Virus is why my account has been restricted. I have lots of friend in China and I study medicine mostly viral diseases as a hobby. I published a lot of actual science from NEJM and other resources. I don’t know if warning you was the trigger.
Corona Virus really fell off. They released her and didn't even do any televised performance or push it on radio. Promo is important. Payola too. They should ask Ebola.
There‘s so many racist memes about corona and then there‘s germany like 
Anyone else think the Corona Virus was released to stop protests in Hong Kong? Create fear among the world population as well.. That’s what I think.. Thoughts?
Distributing meals to corona patients in China. 
The planet will be exploding soon from CO2, which will cause the Corona Virus to spread galactically, according to the astrophysicist, Milton Keynes.
Corona Virus on the prowl, No worries, stock market up as long as the FED keeps injecting billions into the stock market as debt keeps growing. Economy in fine shape. Rich are getting richer poor are getting g poorer.
Farewell to Coach Corona. Thank you for all of your hard work and dedication throughout the years and creating good MEN. We also thank you for rebuilding our culture and our program. Good luck with your future endeavors at @SJCIAthletics, they are lucky to have you. 
With its borders to #Coronavirus-hotbed #China wide open, #Corona is hitting residential estates in #HongKong, putting more citizens at risk. HK chief #CarrieLam, 42 is too small a number for  …
All 83 people being held in Wirral 'Camp Corona' are free of coronavirus and will be allowed to leave isolation  
"Keep an eye on Keralites for reasons beyond Corona Virus.. Find out why they  here" Says BJP MP @ShobhaBJP. Looks like the ruling party is actively instigating people against other South Indian states because it has ideological differences
Robots are employed to serve people in quarantine amid the corona virus fight in China. Amazing 
According to the health ministry, there will be 7 types of corona viruses on February 14th.. 1. Corona.. 2. Aur Corona.. 3. Bas Corona.. 4. Mat corona.. 5. Dheere se Corona.. 6. Zor se Corona.. 7. Ek baar aur Corona!!
4,740 patients of Corona virus cured & discharged from hospital. It’s spread is contained & fatality rate is still nearly 3%.My guess corona virus will be fully contained by end of March. Life will also normalise in China by end March Inshallah.Pak-China Friendship Zindabad  …
#SierraLeone has 50 people in quarantine for the corona virus observation after they flew in from China. Health alert raised to level 2. Health authorities say if the virus gets here they’re prepared with test kits & an effective infection prevention & control system in place...
Please suggest some solo travel international destinations. Corona free ones.
213/ I am pleased to confirm that Alhamdolilah our four students that had developed #coronavirus disease in China are now fully recovered and today they have been discharged from the hospital. 98% of all corona virus confirmed patients fully recover.
Whenever a non deadly disease like the corona virus pops up in the news I can’t help but think about what’s actually happening they’re trying to distract us from
Why are we problematizing this?? Sports events are huge, and athletes are constantly meeting new people. I don't think anyone would be calling this out if the 2nd and 3rd place winners weren't Asian American. Corona virus + flu season are valid causes for concern.  …
/ㅁ\ : for el dorado release, i got a date for recording Yoo Heeyeol’s Sketchbook. But it got canceled (probably bcs of corona). Im going to appear on major program too. Idk if i can talk bout my album but at least they will play my song right? If not,i will just talk bout it
seeing any black woman say something wildly prejudice and ignorant about Asian people and the corona virus is just so disappointing lol we are supposed to be better than that. And it cost $0 to just stfu ahhhhhh stop it
(CNN)NBA legend Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter, Gianna, were buried Friday at a Southern California cemetery, death certificates released Tuesday by Los Angeles County officials show. Their resting place is Pacific View Memorial Park in Corona Del Mar,
Robots designed by China to reduce the risk of corona virus transmissions 
@iamthedrifter @Iyervval : See my article ‘The danger of corona virus is greatly exaggerated’ published in 
We don cure Corona, e remain the virus
The #TXEMTF's Infectious Disease Response Unit (IDRU) daily #COVID19 ( #coronavirus) update for 2.12.20. - 0 cases in Texas - Disease was named yesterday as "COVID-19" by the @WHO Co: Corona Vi: Virus D: Disease 19: Year identified 
Possibility: corona virus will “outbreak” in the US. (Scare event necessary) >You will hear of people dying from it but names won’t be released >it will cause a lockdown of travel >we will shut down the borders to prevent further contamination of other countries 
i feel really sick, might have corona virus, just threw up in the toilet
We're thrilled to announce @FBCoachCorona as our new head football coach! Corona brings with him 16 yrs of coaching experience, a long-term vision, and skills to build relationships on and off the field.  to the brotherhood, Coach! #fireitup More:  
Directorate of Health Services, Uttar Pradesh: Till date, 1231 travelers from corona affected countries have been identified and tracked by District Surveillance Units and WHO-NPSP teams.
Chainese government has started shooting corona virus infected people, almost 45000 already killed China something is more dangerous about the corona virus than we actually think what it is..? 
Just a reminder what Hong Kong looked like before the outbreak of Corona Virus R/T 
Conspiracy theory: corona virus was to interrupt the very successful protests in China.
I am thinking this whole corona thing is a ruse to cover for a mass arrest event. Instead of "Criminals" being corralled, they are patients being saved... That's the feeling I get when I see videos of "Sick" Chinese people KICKING and Screaming all the way into the van...
When we have successfully dealt with CongronoVirus; what Corona, Birona, Morona???  …
Hit every narrative in 99 seconds: -Weak hands out -Institutions -Gold rallying, why shouldn't btc? -Central banks going nuts = bull case for bitcoin -Safe haven -Chinese buying cuz Corona? -CBs rushing to deval = bitcoin wins -"In world of fiat currencies, bitcoin is the victor"  …
Joe Biden has  a punch line! He’s ahead of the corona virus! Talk radio am 550
I have blocked 5 new followers this morning bc their acct looked shady. This is  a daily event. Can somebody tell me y so many Dr.’s are interested in my tonsils, is that part of the corona virus?
Punjab Government today issued the instructions to cancel the holidays/leaves of all the key staff engaged in the reporting and management for COVID-19 (Corona Virus). 
Relatively very low or non existent cases of corona virus in South Asia, Middle East and Gulf countries, and its virtual absence in Africa and South and Central America. Somebody told me it has to do with the use of turmeric in the cuisine of these regions/countries.
#coronavirus I'm Chinese, I'm American, I'm Indian & I'm Nigerian. But above all, today and always we are HUMANS. Let's pray for the people who are infected by corona virus. 
9 pm: corona virus scare spreads: ground report from Kerala; the ‘new’ faces of Team Kejriwal: @raghav_chadha and @AtishiAAP are my guests. 9.30 pm: meet Bengaluru’s VIP brat.. and more.. news without the noise @IndiaToday
What are the mathematical odds of him being buried in a park called “corona” I’d think this qualifies as learn to read  Spy movie right before our eyes 
Kobe Bryant and Gianna were quietly laid to rest last Friday in Pacific View Memorial Park in Corona del Mar California. 
. @SJCIAthletics has found their next head football coach, @FBCoachCorona from @SeaVikings of Staten Island. The school will host a meet and greet with Corona Thursday at 3pm . This was a very extensive search that included over 40 well-qualified applicants. @WNYAthletics
BREAKING @ABPNews 2 Indian crew members tested positive for CORONA VIRUS on board quarantined cruise ship Diamond Princess 
READ: The Dream Catchers Concert scheduled on February 28 is postponed in light of the recent developments on the 2019 Novel Corona Virus. 
Cautioning Niko about the corona virus, I explained the origin of the word Corona is derived from Latin, for a glowing ring of light or crown. He replied: “If it’s anything like a halo, no one in our family needs to worry about contracting it!” 
Please be reminded that sharing fake news about Corona Virus is a big offence and those who did may be jailed or fined up to RM100,000, or both. Please check the authenticity of a news before sharing it especially if it is not from OfficialIIUM. #LeadingTheWay #NoFakeNews #IIUM
The United Arab Emirates has stockpiled enough emergency medical supplies in preparation for the #coronavirus, also known as corona, according to a statement by Health Minister Abdul Rahman bin Mohammad bin Nasser al-Owais. @mohapuae #UAE  
Let us check your general knowledge - Can you tell from which city this Corona virus started spreading?  …
I think I got a cold or it might be the corona virus idk
The corona virus is worrisome, but not nearly as scary as the Trump virus. 
Just like people of India didn't take you seriously! BTW Corona virus Has a Name called Covid-19.  …
If you've been thinking about checking out The Corona Book of Ghost Stories, NOW'S THE TIME! 15% off paperback and last few left in stock right now on Amazon UK.  
AS CORONA VIRUS DANGER GROWS, TRUMP CUTS FUNDING Local news...ask my opponents who support Trump if they support this. PLEASE FOCUS ON ISSUES—HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE. 
The F1 calendar is crammed as it is, so let's just cancel the Chinese GP. As much as I love F1, I honestly wouldn't mind. #F1 #Corona #GPChina
According to the World Health Org, Corona Virus now has a name COVID-19. They say if not taken seriously could cause up to 45 million deaths world-wide! 
Darwin day cakes! How topical, the evolution of corona virus! @jyscience 
Corona virus spreads if u ignore my tweets they said, ignorants can be insecure for this...
*LOVEYOURSELF SCAN* LoveYourself, Inc. adheres to the advice of the Department of Health on postponement or cancellation of events that entail many attendees due to the threat of 2019 novel Corona Virus Acute Respiratory Disease. 
World Health Organization(WHO) has now stooped 2 a new low. Now, R blaming the rest of the world if they don’t do “Enough”  the Corona Virus. China clearly is puppeteer of the group & the guilty R now absolving themselves of all blame. Sound familiar, Patriots ?
what i want in 2020: gfriend world tour what i get in 2020: corona world tour
Some corona virus might have infected our education system i guess.
We going CHINA. MISS CORONA!! YOU WAIT FOR ME!!  …
Leave about Corona virus! Pehle ye btao ki virus Ka meaning kya h  …
China Something is more dangerous about the Corona virus than we actually think what it is? See the pics below Situation is extremely bad - WARNING it is ALARMING FOR WORLD!! #coronavirus 
Imagine if even one person travelling by a mumbai local during rush hour has the corona virus. How are you gonna track the people  in contact with? This is the stuff nightmares are made of!
The Corona virus now has an official name: #COVID19 CO : Corona VI : Virus D : Disease 19 : Year the outbreak was first identified  …
China have known about Corona virus since the beginning of December. Thanks to Chinese President Xi Jinping's high-tech dictatorship, that information was not made public, and the virus was allowed to take off.  … #CoronaVirus #XiJinping #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE
Ladies are not smiling Who slept with her boyfriend pls |Lagos Ibadan|Davido| tacha|Corona| 
The corona virus is a great cover for the Communist Chinese government to round up dissidents who criticize the corrupt rulers and government.....
[INFO] @UP10TION 2020 Sweet Valentine Day Fan Meeting in Seoul get postponed due Corona Virus outbreak More details read:   …
Yunhyeong tells us to be careful of corona virus and to wear mask
What does Pakistan Government want? Earlier there was polio drop scandal, then they infected over hundred children in Sindh with AIDS infected Syringe. Now do they want to infect Baloch, Sindhis, Mohajirs with Corona Virus? Why don't they shift Corona virus patients to Lahore?
What’s funny is to name a virus with a syndrome (SARS) and to name a syndrome after a virus (COVID for corona virus disease) Confusion has to ensue.
RT! The Communist Party of China is systematically dispatching it's dissidents, protesters and elderly under the guise of quaranting the Corona Virus!! 
Due to Corona virus outbreak the KMA’s (Korean Music Awards) will have a private ceremony instead of public with the staff, presenters and the nominees on February 27th 7pm KST. #GIDLE @G_I_DLE  
Canada is putting all citizens at risk for Corona Virus by not providing centers where people can be quarantined that have arrived from China.  …
With the corona virus, reflect on the 1994 sale of CSL laboratories for $299 million.its been on the stock market for over 25 years. It’s share price 297.74. It’s profit 8.5 billion after tax. Should govt should be allowed to sell a public asset without parliamentary permission?
So how is the Chinese economy doing? Let's look at daily coal consumption over the last for Chinese New Years? In each of the previous three, there is a very clear U-shape daily coal consumption recovery. Corona-year it bottomed two weeks ago and is showing no signs of recovery 
ATTENTION, Trinitians ! Starting tomorrow, TUA will enforce temperature screening at all campus gates as a precautionary measure against the 2019 novel coronavirus or COVID-19 (CO- Corona VI- virus D- disease-19) Expect slow foot traffic at the gates. Thank you.
I think kenya should stop importing flash disks from china , zinaweza kuja na hio corona virus .
JUST IN: All UAAP tournaments have been postponed indefinitely in light of the CHED memorandum regarding the novel corona virus outbreak. The postponement of UAAP events will take effect starting Saturday, February 15.  
The most worrying part about the corona virus is the media telling everyone not to worry. If it was really a non-issue they'd be making a big deal out of it.
Episode 25 is live! @wmiddelkoop joins us to discuss the impact of the corona virus, the repo market and the larger macro picture and what this could mean for bitcoin. CC @AaronvanW @JWBurgers and  …
I am currently attending the @WHO global research and innovation forum on Corona Virus in Geneva. Lagos being a critical and very strategic African Megacity is represented by myself in the global plan to slow down and contain the outbreak of 2019-nCoV now renamed COVID-19 
My five year old asked me in tears, "should I be scared of the Corona virus in the event of a WTO Brexit?" I tried to be reassuring. He stopped crying and said, "the only person who deserves Corona is Donald Trump." The whole climate citizens assembly spontaneously applauded.
ATTENTION! The Twitter Aprokos Forum (TAF) is using this medium to inform all those using Chinese Phones to leave Twitter as soon as possible because they are suspected of having CORONA VIRUS gadgets. I dont want to mention your name, just leave in peace, slowly
So, finally. Faiz relocated to Okhla. He's here to wish death/Corona onto people who sing ' hum dekenge ' in protests and  in support of India's occupation in Kashmir. His words: ullu de patteh ! 
Is the corona virus a cover to “quarantine” (detain) protesters?  …
Couldn’t  at a better time. China is in the throes of economic and social trouble with the Hong Kong crisis and Corona Virus and, Russia is vying to expand ties with India especially in the diplomatic world. More  better is India placed.  …
See the Video of baby infected with Corona Virus in Wuhan China under quarantine New info has emerged that Corona Virus can stay alive on a surface 5 - 21 days Incubation period can last as long as 45 days Pray for the Baby Pray for China Pray for Nigeria 
Jesus fuck I swear I muted this word why do they keep popping up on my timeline I swear to fuck please Corona-chan end me I can't fucking take these bimbocunt scoopy tu poopy tweets  … 
Feb 14:1 Behold it  to pass dat on dis Valz day, a zillion lies shall arise; Battery was flat,Airtime traveled, Phone had corona virus, ENEO died, MTN robbed me.Brethren wen thou seeth these,cry not but lay thee in calm tears knowing verily verily u were the spare tyre.
On Corona Virus, Kenya faces another danger from the sea, 2-3 ships dock in Mombasa from China which means despite canceled flights, risks still high. We have Hong Kong and Japan cruise ship cases where at least 136 passengers have tested positive on board vessels.
1. Australian Bush Fires 2. Corona Virus 3. Locust Plagues What sort of year is this?
@natixis @NatixisResearch published our view on the corona virus disruption & how Asia's rising dependence on Chinese intermediates for production is a huge vulnerability and will negatively affect output in the rest of Asia, w/ Vietnam most exposed @Aligarciaherrer 
IE FRIENDS My friends family opened up a new business AND LOOK AT HOW YUMMY EVERYTHING LOOKS! Please support them or give a retweet to spread the word!!! CREPES & CAKES 1206 Magnolia Ave Corona, CA!! PULL UP 
Today in white privilege, I was able to suffer the full extent of my allergy symptoms, in public, with nobody accusing me of having corona virus.
You may debate about host, carrier & amplifier for the #COVID19 outbreak, but there is no debate that corona virus causes chaos and death. You may over intelectualise BJP'S poor performance in Delhi, but the simple fact is - total conaolidation of Muslim votes in favour of AAP.
FRIDAY!! 02/14!!! COME THRU AND SUPPORT MY FAM WITH OUR NEW BUSINESS. My parents put their heart and soul into CREPES&CAKES and it would mean the world to me/them if you guys  and give it a try!! I promise you won’t regret it. 1208 Magnolia Ave Corona CA 
I’ve got corona virus #metoo
Here we go again taking private properties in the name stopping #coronaviruschina. This drop dead killer virus is not only Emperor Corona's Chernobyl but also his Cultural Revolution 2.0!  
there can only be one corona 
It's hard enough being an adult unable to leave the house in times of corona quarantine, imagine being a kid really wanting to play outside. "But there's a virus outside." - "I can't see it! I really wanna go outside and play together with the virus!" 
if i hear one more white person make a corona virus joke i’m gonna make them drink hand sanitizer
Survive and advance. 5-0 win tonight . Goals: (2)Emiliano Corona, (1) Bryan Pena (1) Adan Ibarra (1) Jorge Quintero. Thursday we play the #3 seed away against Shafted. Can’t wait!
what if corona virus is a virus that created by china scientists to purge human cuz china are overpopulated
A guy in my class got hospitalized with the possibility of Corona Virus about two weeks ago, after a friend of his was confirmed to have it. Ever since, we've all been in a worried and strange place. But today, finally, he's back and seems to be alright. So relieved right now.
Successful meeting conducted by Project Heads of Sahiwal Medical College, Ramsha Javed & Zarmeen Nadeem on Corona Virus awareness among the members of SYNCH in Sahiwal Medical College. The symptoms, spread and prevention of Corona Virus was highlighted in the session. 
The homie drink a case of Mexican beer erryday smh said he been had the corona virus
WHO worry Indonesia fail to detect corona virus... Well,,, they have data. 2 chinese die in bali airport, 1 suspect in bandung and quarantine. Why they don't report? Or make a fake report? Because it will revealed the true number of illegal chinese can enter Indonesia easily.
 @billyjoel P. MANN ... But It's Only Tuesday . Tonic ..? Gynn..? Corona .? How Does It Go..? #J Is For ...U Talks To, ME...WE "You Got (US) FeeliNG ALL RIGHT " .. -i Think , You Are Thinking Of .., * /_\ This , 
lemme find out kent got the corona 
I got the corona virus don’t worry
Just a reminder what Hong Kong looked like before the outbreak of Corona Virus 
Forget the Corona Virus, we now have a party and cabinet infected with CorruptTrumpitis Virus.  …
These videos from China are terrifying. This woman’s neck was broken after being dragged out of her home for showing symptoms of corona virus.  …  …
Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter, Gianna, were laid to rest in a private funeral service last Friday in Corona Del Mar. 
#prediction * Bernie gets most delegates, but well short of 50%. NH is a disaster, suggests white workers deserted him => Corbyn 2. * Brokered convention nominates Bloomberg. * Corona-chan creates global recession, allowing Bloomy to beat Trump (only major Dem candidate who can).
Well this seems positive given corona is officially under control and people are being told to return to work  …
They are screening every person who lands in SA for the Corona virus. Good on SA !!!!
.Like a Corona?
Yo bitch is super nasty I think that she got Corona @robtheplayboy 
Just in: Coronavirus virus aka COVID-19 to be called 코로나19 (Corona 19) by Korean authorities henceforth, when referring to it in Korean.  
As I warned before anybody in the media did, the economic fallout from China's Chernobyl-like Corona Virus disaster will affect even non   …
Due to concerns about the novel corona virus and in the interests of the health and safety of our customers, partners and employees, Rakuten Mobile has decided to withdraw from MWC Barcelona. We will continue to work towards the launch of our cloud native mobile network in April.
For the first time for millions, Chinese citizens have  aware that their media is censored and filtered. Everybody is getting woke in China, due to the Corona Virus disaster.  …
CO : Corona VI : Virus D : Disease 19 : Year of the outbreak first identified  …
Today’s sum up - Yang is out, The corona virus is still scary, Juicy Smollet indicted, James O’Keefe suspended from Twitter, Bloomberg still buying influence in the election..... anddddddd Trump is still our President and will win in November.. #Trumplandslide2020 #VoteRed2020KAG
cuz u have a 2 story house in corona Rebecca.  …
first the corona virus now this? 
Out of 1146 deaths from corona virus, all the 46 are from within Hubei (Wuhan). Of those 46, some percentage came from Wuhan. There is something very wrong or at least odd about these numbers...  …
Can a person with corona virus spit on her please.
For accuracy, the name of the disease is COVID-19 (COrona VIrus Disease), BUT the VIRUS itself is called SARS-CoV 2. Because COVID-19-CoV (Corona Virus Disease - Corona Virus) would just be strange. #nCoV #SARSCoV2 #COVID19
NCov is now COVID-19, which stands for Corona Virus Disease discovered in 2019. This is to prevent confusion just in case another novel coronavirus is discovered in the future.  …
Was down with Infection, got discharged from Hospital yesterday - May be MS Flare? Another side effect, got admitted with fever as a symptom. In addition to IV Paracetamol, Analgesic & Antibiotics, was tested for Dengue, Corona etc - Govt folks called home to enquire & sanitize
Corona (Calif.) Centennial ATH Seven McGee talks status of his  what schools are still calling and where he plans to visit this spring/summer  
Trump said the Corona virus will magically disappear in April. Good news, we'll finally be able to focus on curing the windmill cancer.
Surprisingly as tickets sell out, corona rumors drop? Stay woke, tryna keep fetes pure Lucians 
I know this is a crucial time for us in Kapamilya Network. Pero hindi pa contained ang corona virus. So we are diverted again.
Gianna and her father Kobe have been laid to rest in a private funeral held last Friday at the Pacific View Mortuary in Corona Del Mar, California. A public memorial is on February 24.  …
They throwing everybody off talking about the corona virus .. when it was also some type of advanced flu running around
WE DOH HV NO CORONA IN LUCIA!!!! ... dayban cooyons yall love to run with all cock n bull story yall hear
2beer! all these family members using corona virus for clouts we love a pioneer move 
Life virus has 93% fatality rate. Of 107 billion humans who ever existed, 99.5 billion have died. Corona virus has fatality rate of 1%. Cheer the fuck up.
In case anyone was wondering how the corona virus came xx 
At hairdresser, have been blessed with the hearsay regarding both the Corona Virus and the royal family. Have integrated the info in the way it was presented and am now clear you should not let a prince lick your eyeball.
The corona virus might kill us but it can never kill the love I have for you. Stay safe and keep the family safe 
I’m also hearing that Chinese citizens are growing increasingly critical of their government, some of the first time. The news of the death of the censored doctor who tried to warn everyone of the corona virus has caused many to distrust official news and government.
My lab is still in lockdown due to the corona virus so all my launches have been pushed back. I still have so  it’s just extremely delayed.
So, how do anti vaxers deal with the Corona virus if there's a vaccine?
So Saint Lucia have the corona? Masiay. For a little tickets alyuh getting on so?! Please say focking sike.
FUCK YOU LABCOAT EGGHEAD! IT IS CORONA-CHAN! SHE WILL NOT BE ERASED!  … 
So 2300 corona virus cases reported but 13,000 fever patients in just one city.  …
Hear that, I’m spending time watching YouTube, VH eh have corona okay? relax.
I turned up the heating to 120° at my place because Trump said the heat would kill the Corona virus. I'm sweaty as Hell, but at least I'm safe. No, I'm not very smart. Why are you asking?
Corona  
#NEW: A corona quarantine has been lifted for nearly 200 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China & transferred to March Air Reserve Base in California.
That senioritis deadlier than corona
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ( @fortheloveinyou ) ANNA!!!! Drew some soft boys among a field of flowers enjoying each  in the warm Corona sun~ Thank you  to the stream and hope you have an amazing birthday!! #soriku 
There is no "Corona <space> virus". At strain, species, genus...this is just littering the ground with more nomenclature. The ICTV have actually named it, and it's SARS-CoV-2. A good name. I am happy  …
The corona virus making its way through the states  …
Anyone know how I can get rid of my coughing so ppl stop thinking I have corona virus
The news: *Corona virus infections double in UK!* (Erm 4 to 8 people. Yawn) *Deaths spiral to 1000 worldwide!!* (43,000+ cases, survival rate remains 98% -and this rate will increase as people with no symptoms who have the disease are eventually counted) People, let's just chill
共匪制造的悲惨世界！ 感谢正义行天翻译！ Hi! Dear friends, my name is Wen Wen(cell: 13476194337), 35 years of age, my address is Room 3-1-1905, No. 7 Longjiang Rd,Yangui Yuan, Bingtang Community, Cuiwei Blvd, Hanyang District, Wuhan City. I am a highly suspected 2019-Corona Virus 
We seek refuge in Allah from the cursed shaytan... ACN is back. The corona virus of the ends.  …
Corona Virus don’t scare me at all, I still get happy endings on the regular soooooo
. @MisterAntiBully Did you know the chinese are sharing prevention booklets on Corona virus on E-Hentai?
Kyouko is now safe from the corona virus 
That ikeja under bridge corona virus cream failed on IG now she has failed again on twitter.hey madam ghost we still have titans on FB shaybe u are mad go and pay dem too. #GodProtectTacha
My Corona *getting in their first #TooSoonForCoronaVirusTunes?
"Corona" is old "COVID" is new Whatever the name, Let's hear it for WHO #HealthPolicyValentines
Could the coronavirus help beer sales? -Searches for Corona increase 10x after Jan 20th. When attention to the virus takes off. -Another example of the positive effects of negative publicity and triggers 
W.H.O have officially named the " coronavirus " it is COVID-19. CO (corona) VI (virus) D (disease) 19 (year ID) = "COVID-19 " W.H.O estimate they will have a vaccine in 1.5 years [18 months ]. Coronvirus numbers globally below (on pic) U.K: 8 U.S: 13 
Someone has the Corona virus in STILWELL OKLAHOMA but I’m crazy right?? We should definitely be concerned but y’all keep doing you
My brother grieves is  which is selling cream that gives corona virus and skin cancer 
Some mortuary looking woman has packaged Corona virus in a bottle She claims it bleaches the skin but it only makes widowers of men Bleach and die, hence graveyard cream 
More than 100 sick with #coronavirus #COVID19 symptoms in Sindhupalchowk, Nepal. Urgent Help sought from local and central government bodies. (Prime Minister declared Nepal corona virus free last week.) Normal daily flow of people between Kathmandu & Sindhupalchow is high.  
Tacha I think is getting married to her boyfriend Graverian is another name for Corona virus
Kash Doll recently took to Instagram to make controversial joke on Corona Virus. 
#Coronavirus is Spreading Please retweet this video for the world to see... [One of the best Awareness video] 1) Wash Hands 2) Wear Masks #Corona #covid19 #WuhanCoronavirus 
Today @WHO has given the proper name to #coronavirus that was temporarily called #2019nCoV. From now on it’s named #covid19 that stays for "corona", "virus" and "disease", with 2019 representing the year that it emerge. 
Hossain_876 when someone passed them a note in the library saying they don’t have Corona Virus 
They have.. ..Corona virus
What I have established from UK #medtwitter is that we’re super prepared for the #coronavirus provided a)no one actually has corona virus and b) no one needs the toilet. All my own opinion obvs.
Does anyone else "The Nordic Model"? I want my Healthcare like "The Nordic Model". I want my schools like "The Nordic Model". I want my wife to be a Nordic Model. I want my wife's boyfriend to be a Nordic Model. I want my ass wiped Nordic Model. Cum bussy Nordic Model poop corona
Steve Walsh is not the first person to be nicknamed a 'super-spreader'. Our local barmaid held that title for years, and ironically enough that also often involved some corona and a dose.
Corona is airborne-Director of the WHO this morning  …
So i came home from work proper ill today. Full of flu, sore throat, floppy arms, proper drained. can't breath, all the symptoms for Corona virus. not even messing about! But i ain't going quarantine for 2 weeks my mate txt me and i mite have a ticket for Chelsea away on Monday
im now getting reports that antifa has sprayed all of the voting booths in manchester new hampshire with the corona virus. officials are urging voters to stay home and mail an affidavit if they are at increased risk for the disease, especially anyone over the age of 60
Tel Aviv municipal building illuminated with the Chinese flag following the Corona virus . @ynetalerts Pic: Moti Kimchi #TelAviv #china 
This is the official response of USA to corona virus epidemic in China. Everyone please be aware of this. if the Americans are taking drastic measures then there is more to Corona virus than what we know. This is really worrying. 
Is it just me or whenever anyone is sick someone asks if they have the corona virus ?
The novel coronavirus finally has a name: COVID-19 (corona virus disease). "Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks." - @DrTedros
We still don't have any case of Corona virus. We are awesome.
I AM BEGGING YOU. Please consider 2 things 1. Will it break you to do a few tiny things to protect yourself from corona. 2. Even if you think its fake, Please secretly do the things you critisize others for doing. You dont have to publically believe, its ok not to conform.
If E.T. landed in China #corona 
The announcement was made by WHO director-general Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, who explained that "co" stood for "corona", "vi" for "virus" and "d" for "disease", in the daily media briefing about the virus, held in Geneva, Switzerland on Tuesday (local time).  …
This guy is more than dangerous corona virus, bcz it's spreading hatred among of  but it won't see police at all. #Arrest_Anuj
Wuhan isolation section. Hundreds of people cross-infecting each other. #covid19 #China #coronvirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona #Coronavirustruth 
"Covid-19" would be the new official name for the deadly #coronavirus that was first identified in China, said WHO Feb 11th "co" stands for "corona" "vi" for "virus" "d" for "disease" #covid19 - even diseases play identity  …
Arrest the Corona virus... This idiot is more dangerous than any other Virus.. @dgpup @Uppolice @CMOfficeUP @myogiadityanath See this 
Can we collect all these fake African Pastors and send them to China to perform their miracle by stopping the Corona virus.
I still can't believe someone tried to tell me corona virus was being caused by 5G. What level of woke was he on?
Explore Corona virus data with an R Package  … @thomas_mock @Rbloggers @WeAreRLadies spread the word
#WHO has now identified Corona Virus Disease #COVID19 as the official name for #2019-nCoV WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said, explaining that "co" stood for "corona", "vi" for "virus" and "d" for "disease".  …
Kobe Bryant and daughter Gianna were laid to rest in Corona Del Mar, California. 
When you order a Mask for safety from Corona Virus and find out that the Mask is Made in Chine...! 
Maybe I’m missing something, but I hear very little in the news about the symptoms of the corona virus, and what to look out for. You’d think this would be front and centre.
Trump claimed the Corona virus will go away in April, because "the heat kills this kind of virus." So basically, IF you trust the scientific opinion of a dumbass who doesn't believe in climate change, you just have to hope you won't be infected by a deadly virus for two months.
The 2019-nCoV ARD is now officially named Corona Virus Disease or Covid-19. The World Health Organization is also reporting that the number of deaths in China has reached 1,017.
China Sacks Two Senior Health Officials Over Corona Virus 
Damn. This corona virus is getting out of control. Just look at this madness. People in the streets deteriorating before our eyes. God help us. #help #sendhelp #coronavirus 
"Ebola is lousy, this is airborne, corna is airborne and it's more contagious... In terms of potential to wreck havok corona is very different than ebola, Corona has more potensive, virulence, we take it more seriously." 
2019-nCoV has just been named COVID-19 (Corona Virus Disease 2019)
Congratulations RivCo CA Distinguished Schools: Lake Hills, Promenade, Corona Ranch, George Washington, James Monroe, Ronald Reagan, North Ridge, Cielo Vista Charter, and Romoland! Awesome job! 
Powell says "The Fed. Is Monitoring The Corona Virus." Think about that for a moment.. the only reason for him to say this is to signal to the market that he is ready to pump even more debt onto the system.. just like I said would happen in a recent video... GM
The World Health Organisation has given this #coronavirus its own official name: "Covid-19". It may sound like Commander Koenig's favourite toilet block at Moonbase Alpha but the WHO says "co" stands for corona, "vi" for virus and "d" for disease. #China (PS don't know why 19)
BREAKING: The World Health Organization now calls the 2019 novel coronavirus as "Corona Virus Disease" or COVID-19. 
WHO names current strain of coronavirus 'COVID-19.' Says 'CO' stands for corona, 'VI' stands for virus, 'D' for disease. Says designation will be important when  to differentiate other strains that may emerge within the coronavirus family.
@WHO press briefing today announced novel corona virus will be named 'COVID-19'. CO = corona VI = virus D = disease 19 = year of identification #COVID19 #IDTwitter
China was rioting for quite some time last year. Seems like the corona virus put an end to all of that. Makes me question things!
Corona virus was definitely a biological warfare weapon that got leaked
Corona Virus, Bushfires, Threatening WW3, Kobe Bryant passing, Brexit, Trump cleared of impeachment charges..... okay 2020 stop it. Time for some positivity please !
Asked @dbrand for a facemask because I didn't want to get corona. They delivered. Give robot 121 a raise 
Nothing like the threat of corona virus to make the entire airport panic when you clear your throat
Coronavirus Impact on TECH! Watch video:  #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona 
Long snapping has  an important specialty. Throwing the ball quickly and accurately 15 yards between the legs can be a path to college. Jack Bullard is taking that vehicle from Corona del Sol to Arkansas State.  …
With the fear of sounding like a conspiracy nut this so called corona virus is bollicks! I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't some sort of germ warfare virus that's gone awry, Coming from china as well just makes me more suspect. Apparently from an animal we cant even PRONOUNCE
My area is officially a red zone for the corona virus. 6 new cases, 2 of which are less than 10 minutes from me. The virus was spread through the water pipes of the apartment building. That is extremely concerning and scary.
Yo we still on that corona shit just chill jfc  …
Today in our human factors interprofessional simulation we had an ‘outbreak of corona virus’. How do teams work together when they are told to quarantine themselves following 2019-nCoV exposure? This was the nearest we could simulate the proper PPE 
What's the reason for the Corona Virus in China? Well, the Chinese government discovered that firing squads ruin most of the choice cuts of meat...
It’s CORONA VIRUS and not COROLLA FIRUS.  …
When you use iPhone with face unlock features but you were wearing a facemask to protect yourself from Corona Viruses. iPhone: who the hell is this damn pig 
How shameful @KLM If it was only an action to avoid potential health threats, the crews should have written that note in English not Korean. By writing that in Korean, the crews expressed discrimination toward Korean, since the Corona Virus is not limited only to Asia.
PSA: My hubs is an infectious disease expert. He assures me that the month of April will not kill the Corona virus. Trump talks out his ass.
President Donald Trump's Budget Promises 1,000 Miles of Border Wall Great ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @POTUS⁩ 1000 miles of Beers on the Wall, 1000 miles of Beers all of them “Corona” will keep illegals away all day No Viruses on the WALL  …
You decided to took 600+ passenger from Hongkong when you’d already known about Corona virus outbreaks for money, now made Thailand to be a bad guy told all passengers and gave them hope when you actually didn’t contact Thai government. Pls take more responsibility
once again, I'm just thinking about Sora and Riku lying in a field of flowers in Corona. Close enough to hold hands... The sound of birds, the smell of flowers... Both of them so *peaceful* and *happy* aahhhhh.
Since Corona has decided to keep a man on lockdown, I decided to explore the Chef in me! Am i doing well? #RudeBoyXMercyEke #tuesdayMotivation 
Recently, one of our staff has developed a statistical model for predicting and controlling the corona-virus. With this model, we can predict its trend in the next few days. The model has been uploaded on GitHub. Check it here:  
Everyone suffering from the Corona virus, every country fighting it & CHINA, we are with you! So many lives lost, so many are suffering! We are praying for you! Stay strong, We Are With You!
When  they'll call it corona virus not knowing its civetvirus
Nigga we still beefing Corona tf this is gang violence  …
my university just emailed saying there’s 2 confirmed cases of corona 
If the #corona virus situation worsens people may have to isolate themselves for an extended time Stock up on long lasting food, cleaning products and any prescription medications you may need #pandemic #prepper #survival
Dear KLM @KLM Today, you made it quite clear that you discriminate against race. Using Corona Virus as an excuse. You owe my friend and Korea a HUGE apology. #CoronaVirus #Racism #KLM  
"We are ready for Corona virus" Says a country that was shook by an independent candidate 
@WHO is currently supporting #Nigeria with technical expertise, resources for training, diagnostic testing and medical supplies such as Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs). #coronaviruses #Corona 
Report: The majority of Chinese Corona dead and confirmed are males. Does it have to do with Chinese previous policy of one child per family or penis sucks the virus into body after masturbation ejaculation vacuum?
BREAKING NEWS President Trump mulls mandatory quarantine and travel restrictions for California residents as 13th corona virus patient is confirmed.
Y’all really showing y’all racist asses about this corona virus that only a small population has gotten.... meanwhile flu cases have been more deadly the past couple of years but y’all quiet asf on that topic tho.. just say y’all racist asf against people that don’t look like you
literally why do this? unless there’s evidence that he deliberately spread it (which seems v unlikely seen as we don’t know how corona virus spreads yet) revealing his identity is malicious journalism which further endangers his well-being at a time when he’s fighting the virus  …
The Zim Health Minister is showing not only gross  but also a lack  sense! China is treating the Corona Virus seriously yet Obadiah Moyo is taking instructions from the Chinese Embassy to continue allowing travel from China. He can’t even give painkillers! 
Present situation: Cough= Corona virus Dehlites = freebies Aaptard= nautanki Congress= zero
Traveled yesterday first time after Corona virus scare, ppl are really discriminating and kinda being racist when they see Chinese around.
i swear to god as soon im done being sick im giving this dude corona the cleanest left hook you’ve ever seen
Not sure the corona virus message needed a photoshoot 3 photo’s of you in a dust mask are you painting and decorating the airport You must be wearing them Mc Hammer pants  …
Zimbabwe is run by clowns! They are taking orders from the Chinese embassy on how to protect citizens Other African countries are doing the right thing yet this lot is putting the country’s health security at risk! Why, why, why! Corona is a health emergency not just a flu! 
Corona virus aside, am I thinking what you’ll thinking Those who can read do the needful... 
Morning Prices of Gadgets are going up due to the closure of borders and Mr Corona who are in Negotiations with. Mr President if it can be allowed to land or not so till then we need early orders so to serve you right Thanks iPLUG
BREAKING NEWS a new study shows that listening to fine china by lana del rey can cure or prevent the corona virus this strange phenomenon left scientists shocked when asked about it the Summertime sadness singer answered "yes I'm a witch and my pu$$y tight I can do that shit" 
The fear of Toyota Corona virus mad o 
Having witnessed the pile-up at the ‘health counter’ at Karachi airport with just one  in - supposedly to screen people for the corona virus - I have very little doubt that the Pak state lacks all capacity to deal with any kind of mass screening or prevention.
Malaysians vs Singaporeans during the Corona Virus outbreak 
Corona virus is killing world renowned medicine professors in China yet Zimbabwe’s Minister of Health is not bothering about taking precautions regarding those flying into Zimbabwe from China. African countries are suspending travel!  …
This Wednesday we have a very special episode of De Bitcoin Show. We discuss China, The Corona Virus, The Repo Market and the possible melt down of the financial system with none other than @wmiddelkoop Podcast online: 08:30 AM (CET) Youtube Premiere: 18:30 
Austrians panic because of 1000 deaths due to corona virus in China. In Austria 1000 people die of influenza every year and people don´t bother getting vaccinated.  …
Guuuuuys this Corona virus lock down is making us do wonders oo. On it again 
“87 trillion people have been affected by the corona virus” America: 
AAP is like Corona viruse that can spread only in Delhi. In other states, it has zero impact. He tried this before and realized his actual Aukat how he got response at Varanasi that his party will never forget every has his own day so celebrate it just for 5 more years at Delhi  …
Although corona virus is a threat to public health Matt Hancock's wierd tiny erection face is far more dangerous and there's no know cure for it.  …
just watched someone buy an abstract painting and say "this reminds me of the Corona virus"
[INFO] From DC Seohyun Gallery Due to the Corona Virus outbreak, #HelloDracula's Press Conference will be held online. Thus, JTBC will not be accepting rice wreaths from fans. All the donations will be used for future support projects. (via Seohyun Thai Fans) #SEOHYUN #서현
Former health minister, Bernard Haufiku, has told Eagle FM that the health ministry confirmed to him that the Namibia Institute of Pathology (NIP) has now procured equipment for testing the Wuhan Novel Corona Virus.
High alert: Chicken infected from corona virus found in Bangalore today, kindly circulate the message and avoid consumption of chicken. Spread to your dear ones. 
Our government is silent.. SOUTH AFRICAN students who are currently in China are trapped in Corona Virus areas.. And also our workers. Can the government Evacuate our people.. #EvacuateSouthAfricansinChina
yet another corona virus victim  …
I just wanna tell y’all if you wanna be toxic be toxic if you wanna go text ya ex because all these brooms standing up because gravity out of wack and retrograde ruining ya life and the corona virus you only live once let’s rideeeeeee
The Juge who loved to play GOD in case of Nawaz Sharif, now acting in case of Pakistanis stranded in China, with Zero Knowlege about Corona treatment facility in Pakistan  …
The failure to end the illegal trade in Panglolins might be linked with the outbreak of corona virus disease in people. As new hospitals are built, face masks mass manufactured & people quarantined, a crackdown on wildlife trafficking is needed too.  …
China finally allows WHO into the country after the corona virus was detected in December! President Xi finally went to Hubei in a rare public appearance. Some analysts believe China is covering up full extent of the spread of the disease.
#NCP #2019_nCoV Ethiopian Airlines @flyethiopian is playing a positive role in corona virus control- moving assistance. It has been a key tradition of the airline to serve its customers and Africa under both good and bad times.
Me reading the symptoms of Corona virus. My brain: Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Me: *coughs*
Corona virus seems uncontrollable in case of spreading. I hope it never turn ugly in India.  …
Then  back with Corona
i swear senioritis is 10x worse than the corona virus
Fighting the Corona Virus on the steps of the Great Wall of China...  – at The Great Wall at Juyong Pass 居庸关长城
#GodMorningTuesday ""Corona virus"" China's meat market is the main cause of havoc Eating meat is against the law of God, eating meat is a great sin.. #NoMeat_NoCoronaVirus Please must watch sadhna TV 7: 30 pm.  …
Can we collect all these fake African Pastors and send them to China to perform their miracle by stopping the Corona virus. Ase'
BBC WORLD NEWS CHYRON. "Coronavirus: 'I walk round my block of flats to keep sane'" ME. "Did... did they get a quote from the corona virus"
The Iranian government says that no one in Iran has contracted the corona virus. However, there are reports of suspected cases and the authorities are failing to take the necessary precautionary measures to stop the virus from spreading. #Iran  …
This is your reminder: you can test positive for coronavirus in China, multiple times, and not be counted officially as having contracted coronavirus. In these cases, the government is counting individuals as having contracted Corona Lite
I still wonder if the corona virus is as much of a threat as a Chinese banking crisis.
Want to know how I know the corona virus is nothing to worry about? Because every channel on cable tv wants you to worry about the corona virus.
Review of: “Critical care management of adults  severe respiratory viral infection” @yourICM #influenza #sepsis #CoronarvirusOutbreak #coronavirus #nCoV2019 #Wuhan #corona #outbreak #pandemic #MERS #SARS Access full text at  
We must begin to take public health much more seriously. #corona  … via @dailynation
Meanwhile Sanghis planning to send Gau Mutra and Gobar to China for tackling Corona Virus. I would suggest we should send @sambitswaraj @amitmalviya @Tejasvi_Surya @madhukishwar @ShefVaidya @rishibagree @Real_Anuj and likes. Their venom will be  …
Europe now has frequent incidents over Ms refusing to shake hands with women. But in native mores, this was also never done: women are in some respects superior, in others inferior, whereas a handshake is a sign of equality. Anyway, now Corona reminds us why not to shake hands. 
It's kind of hilarious watching normie Americans only now realizing what an absolutely fucked up, shit hole country that China is. If it weren't for these video's of Chinese people getting pummeled by authorities due to the Corona Virus, lefties would still be promoting VaChina.
Hmm. @realDonaldTrump seems confident the coronavirus will be "gone" by April. But guess what is the REAL virus, spreading worldwide like wildfire??? #QAnon! How genius is this? *WE* are going viral while the MSM is following the SQUIRREL of corona. KEK! #Q
"Corona virus threat set to trigger massive U.S. housing market crash" Millennials: 
Reminder to everyone to not interact with people with hazemat suits as their PFPs (see examples below) as they are nazi dogwhistles being used as a subtle way to promote racism. They're using the Corona virus outbreak as an excuse for anti-asian racism. Stay alert and stay aware 
Illustrate an air  of previous & this year’s luna new year over China. The corona virus impact takes an astonishing fall/both in & outbound airline movements. Travel industry is believed to take a unprecedented fall. The impact to us must be seriously monitored 
Our boy Mike Vo goin’ waaay too hard over in Corona, CA 
he is probably working on a ban of corona. He is working on a rally slogan-Build a wall to stop corona. Another thing to blame Mexicans for
I'm surprised trump doesn't think the virus is from Corona beer. Impeach President Obama for what... getting an Oscar? Getting a Nobel Peace Prize, that it?
I'm gonna RT this all day long: Chinese government changed the definition of what counts as corona so these numbers are  over time and they are by their own admission now excluding known cases  …
Compare @NSAGov tweet just now. Time stamp. 8:14 or 20:14 military time. Look at Qanon post 2014. Corona 4 offline. I know it’s a satellite post from 8/30/18 but interesting correlation with coronavirus. May be coincidental again. You decide. 
I spend my free time at work educating strippers on why they should get their flu shot and stop worrying about corona virus. 
We need to be really concerned about the Corona Virus in which has killed over 1000 people so far. In the Communist run country of China where the virus strain is believed to have originated, the government has people locked in their homes. Some areas are being blocked off. 
when i heard corona virus have in banting 
TODAY'S Corona virus UPDATE: There are currently 43,101 confirmed cases worldwide, including 1,018 fatalities. (1 new case in San Diego, CA, USA [from flight that came in from Wuhan, China], 1 new case in South Korea.) #Repent 
Corona virus is really making use of #GainSZN sometimes you just have to respect the  …
What happened to the millions in the streets of Hong Kong  with American flags chanting Make China Great Again, please Mr Trump help us, and being shot for protesting? Now suddenly, the corona virus outbreak. No more protestors in the streets. Coincidence?
Please expose her id and everything. She has to be exposed. She might bringing with her a huge risk. In this situation of corona virus, her self centered ideology will only bring danger to everyone. Whenever a doctor asks you something, honesty is all they need. Don't lie.  …
Saw an Asian guy at heb buying a 24 pack of Corona and I swear I busted out laughing so loud. I’m so sorry Jesus I’m really trying to be better.
Please join the Corona Police Department in  our newest officer. Officer  to us from the Los Angeles Police Department after working there since 2018. Chief Johnstone swore in Officer Kelly today in a ceremony at City Hall. 
“... the virus can now spread via aerosol transmission - meaning it can drift through the air for an extended period of time and cause infection if breathed in”. Virus corona boleh merebak dari udara  …
0→11→34→50→64→109 I'm sure they suffered from corona brain injury that has a long incubation period.  …
Someone that made a racist joke about bts having the Corona virus literally DIED from the corona virus?!?? Oh my god???
It's a mixture of essential oils and a vegan, non-gmo gluten free non-pesticide biodegradable organic lavendar febreeze because the corona virus hates mother earth.
US markets make yet another record high close despite Corona virus hitting businesses in China and Asia. It's also market's increasing confidence and endorsement of Trump winning Nov elections. Bernie Sanders winning Hamshire is added bonus. Sanders is no contest for Trump.
This is how the Corona virus spreads.  …
Guys, I'm kind of worried.. soo my school (in china) is on a lockdown since the Corona virus started & so far 40,000 cases have been reported, almost 1000 deaths recorded... people are busy making racist jokes about it while my friends are literally locked up in their dorm rooms.
WELL WELL WELL After decades of "disease" scares, found it hard to take "Coronavirus" seriously Tweeted about U.S. reaction to Corona Beer & Chinese food. YES! Actually a thing! Not so sure anymore! Not willing to go full throttle TWD yet. But, definitely got my attention. You?
BREAKING The Corona Virus death toll has now exceeded 1000 human souls.  
Pro #DisneyWorld Tip: If a ride you want to go on has a longer line than you like, just start telling people in front of you they dropped something on the outside of the gate....or start coughing violently and say the words “Corona Virus” a lot. #ProblemSolved
Oh no Corona has spread to Malta 
9% cut to CDC during the Corona Virus crisis.
trolls pretending to die from corona 
Anyone else feel like ever since January ended and February began, everything got better? Like Australia's bush fires were extinguished from heavy rain, were already closer to a vaccine for the corona virus, and most importantly THERE IS A POMERANIAN DRESSED LIKE PADDINGTON BEAR 
Here's my theory: China is ticked off at Hong Kong. There's been some evidence this corona-virus was engineered in a Gates Foundation Laboratory in China, so that it would not show symptoms for 2 weeks. Thus, it became weaponized in Wuhan. Scary thought, I know.
#Presidementia is crystal clear, in rambling tangential non-answers; cognitive impairment = old tapes, vague phrases, irrelevant replies. He is in decline, can’t process, has no original thoughts.  on corona virus. 
List of items our room in Cabo will have: Juice Langer Orange Juice Langer Pineapple Juice Langer Cranberry Soda Sprite Tequila Don Julio 1942 Tequila Corralejo Reposado Beer Corona Beer Pacifico’s Fiji Waters Perrier Mineral Water 10 packs of Picot Tylenol
Selfie with #corona 
a student at bath university is being tested for the corona virus it was nice knowing u all x
Corona virus expansion pack  …
i can’t read “its corona time” normally
According to the latest Quinnipiac poll, anyone or anything beats Trump in November: Bloomberg: 51% - 42% Sanders: 51% - 43% Biden: 50% - 43% Klobuchar: 49% - 43% Warren: 48% - 44% Buttigieg: 47% - 43% Bedbugs: 46% - 42% Corona virus: 45% - 42%
It’s easy to not be worried when you’re a healthy young person, but the reality of it is, for babies, the elderly, and people with pre-existing cond. the Corona virus can be deadly.  …
Is The Corona Virus Over?? I Want Chinese Food Nfs I’m Getting Mad
The fucking Corona Virus is NOT a meme....  …
Mrs just asked me wtf I’ve ordered on our Amazon account Not taking no chances with this Corona Virus if it spreads fast here lol ! 
Haven’t streamed in almost 2 weeks now. This is the longest break I’ve taken in 4 years. I’ve been battling some weird sickness I got from Thailand that at first was thought to be the corona virus. After 4 hospital…  …
Extinction was never easy dinner conversation. But climatechange, biodiversity loss, or deadly viruses, are now more discussed, and feared, then just a few years ago. An #AlexNote on illegally traded pangolins, Corona, Einstein, and bees. Do you see how it is all related? 
And here's to you, Paul Simon! The new @PaulSimonMusic Fellows Program is made possible by a $1M donation to @NYCSchools, all net proceeds from the final stop of his 2018 Homeward Bound-Farewell Tour at Flushing Meadows Corona Park  …
What The Fuck Did He Just Say? Twitter Mini Series Have a Corona and a Smile Episode.  …
Ah so found out Simpsons predicted Corona virus too. this shii was planned. 
In Victoria, Siphillis, Gonorrhoea, Sars, Corona, Car deaths and drownings ALL UP....now how could that be?
We ain’t even cracked corona yet  …
The #Chinese no longer trust the ruthless #CCP. Watch as the gov't takes #coronavirus suspects as it does animals to a slaughterhouse. If #Corona doesn't kill the people, the #Communist gov't will.  …
Travel in the time of corona 
OMFG......The POS just said that a lot of people believe the Corona Virus will disappear in April (in reference to the cruise ships) ....Is he that so effing stupid??? How did you MORONIC CULT elect him into office and believe that absolute crap that spews out of his mouth.
I've been getting so many messages about corona virus @disneyland... y'all know more people die from the flu right
This link map from Johns Hopkins provides the most accurate and up to information on the spread of the Novel Corona Virus 2019-nCoV. You can get a breakdown by country, region, province and state.  …
Trump likes deals. He just made one with the Corona virus. Best Corona virus deal evah!!!
world's most populated city!! Can you believe this?? Shanghai, deserted....streets stay empty Is rest of world is ready for such an emergency??? It is high time UN start working on  deadly Coronavirus outbreaks. #coronavirus #coronovavirus #Wuhan #china #corona 
Imagine if da corona Virus caused a zombie apocalypse. I could finally use my training to good use
‘The government has given itself extra powers.’ (in this instance to manage the corona virus) is a disturbing phrase in a democracy.
White boy: Don’t give me the corona virus Jihwa :This  from the race who gave everybody the bubonic plague all bc y’all nasty asses ain’t fw personal hygiene?? Sit this one out 
she said she got da corona virus baby I’m already sick af 
Press Briefing re Corona Virus at 4pm today at the @themohwgovjm head office. All media houses encouraged and invited to attend.
Been said this. Corona Virus is a way for people to express their deep rooted racism towards Asians, y'all aren't scared they are.  …
Here is something nice before  
This corona virus is getting way too close an way too serious for ma liking, I've got the immune system of a toddler I'll 100% get it an just so yous know I'll be coughing on anyone near me, I'll lick yer face. Am taking bodies doon way me.
My article on Symbolic Legitimacy in China's environmental reforms is relevant to those concerned about "political theater" in China's response to the corona virus. I discuss this phenomenon of "performing performance."  …
According to Trump the Corona Virus will go away "when it gets hot." Hmmm. So are all those cruise ships that are  from - idk - Alaska? (Trump is an idiot)
Mi have flu and wull a mi classmates dem start call mi “corona” even mi lecturer
>Listing Corona Virus This is why Dolan Dark is better than your unfunny minecraft meme loving ass.  …
At Sunday's Under Armour AA Combine, Corona (Calif.) Centennial '21 DL Korey Foreman went in-depth on why  to #Clemson, how he fits in the Tigers scheme and whether he's planning any more visits  
Corona virus in UAE: Indian expat found infected with coronavirus in UAE had interacted with a recently diagnosed person: Ministry 
"I am diabetic & do not have access to any medicine here", a Pakistani PhD student, Gohar, stuck in Wuhan, the epicenter of corona virus, tells @voadeewa in an intv. He appeals to govt 2 evacuate them. Pak govt says taking every steps for students' safety but won't evacuate 
The "Corona with lime" virus they call it
India has advised residents to use Homeopathic remedies as a preventative for the Novel Corona Virus.  …
Keep quite about this u shall perish.. If Corona  to Zim we will perish... If we dnt make noise we are going to lose our loved ones.. Other countries are doing something, stopling travel to China ours thinks its a joke 
Corona virus reminds us to prioritise public health 
did this dude really just list the corona virus as a meme????  …
Please please please- DO NOT retweet false news- especially about the corona virus! I’ve seen so many today! People are not dropping dead on floors... there are not piles of bodies. These are designed for us to retweet and cause panic. Please be smart.
Corona virus! 361dead World wide in 2 months,W/W panic daily media coverage, hunger dead 24,000 a day 3/4 of which is children under 5 med cover none, think about that 
Next time you go to smoke shisha, deep the fact the customer who used that shisha before you might of had Corona
A Corona with a lime is a totally different beer than a Corona without a lime
Cover art for a client. Song called Corona 
#Chinese Government misleading World from truth like evil. Chines journalists been disappeared after he published a actual corona scenario in of #Wuhan. Chinese government Violating FreeFreedom speech rights for all Free this brave Young Journalist 
if corona virus isn’t “that” bad then why everyone keeps talking about it?
FILTHY from Tecatito Corona 
2019/2020 - Australia wildfires. Size twice of Hungary burnt up. - 1 billion animals killed in Australia fires. - Massive flooding in Australia. - Corona virus pandemic. - Bird flu outbreak in China. - Locust plague of Biblical proportions in Africa. It has been wild
I’m ready for the ratio: That the corona virus is being used to control the population in China.  …
Have you any campaign on corona virus and lassa fever on TVC or Channels TV, in local languages such that people in the  can't understand. Let them even run Hausa, Ibo and Yoruba..na lie. You guys think everyone in Nigeria speaks and understands English?
Corona who? 
internet: makes corona virus memes grandayy: adds corona virus meme to poll internet: 
In an era of #coronavirus in #China, money is no longer the best thing in the world. #coronovavirus #corona #ChinaVirus 
This is the official response of USA to corona virus epidemic in China. Everyone please be aware of this. if the Americans are taking drastic measures then there is more to Corona virus than what we know. This is really worrying. 
I'm asking my nurse while she's taking my blood pressure and oxygen level How serious is this Corona virus She said it's BS
Good night dear friends. Tonight I'll dream of a new virus. The corona justice warrior libtart virus. Whenever you see an unapologetic white male your eyes pop out, your lips form a perfect "O" and the veins in your neck puff up. No know cure. Tweet you tomorrow! 
Wuhan, China: disinfection work has started in an effort to contain the spread of #corona 
PSA Joking about the corona virus isn’t funny.
has the corona virus hit your country yet?
The look when you hear Locusts and Corona Virus have entered Uganda. 
 with a statement on Govt's preparedness for emergency response teams to contain spread of Corona Virus in India Do we have stock of Test Kits, Medicine, Sprayers, Masks for Army & Public? Is Arsenicum Album 30 tried & tested on Corona Virus patients? Results? 
People are dying from the Corona virus right now so let's make a funny meme on it! The lengths people will go to get attention is truly sad!
What are you doing to prepare America for the inevitable Corona virus pandemic?
Old Chinese formula. When faced with a major public outcry (eg present corona virus), nothing like a bit of patriotic sabre rattling to divert the attention of the population.  …
NCOV UPDATES: 1. First infected Filipino has made a full recovery and been discharged. 2. The global fatality rate outside of China is 0.2%. Meaning even if you try  SUICIDE by intentionally contracting the Corona Virus, there is a 99.8% chance that you will not die.
Protect the pussy at all cost! Corona Virus 
Eh pundeh, not everyone who coughs has corona virus dumbfck. Cb cough a little bit all stare
Corona virus update:- 1984 flights & 215824 passengers were screened so far. As of now, 1563 samples tested of which 3 samples had earlier tested +ve (Kerala). All Indian evacuees from Wuhan have tested -ve for nCoV. 9678 persons are presently  surveillance.
THE CORONA VIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONA VIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONA VIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONA VIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST
Q713 02.10.2018 Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q 
There is an optical phenomenon of a corona, caused by the diffraction of light from a bright object by water drops or ice crystals in the Earth’s atmosphere. In this #POTW, a rare corona of the planet Jupiter can be seen above the Atacama Desert. @ESO  
Parent: uhm excuse me, sure natong walay gi corona sa wisdom? Ngano ga disinfect man? Uhm lol okaay? Uhmm there's this saying na prevention is better than cure hahahaha ate naman
Arab media accuse US, Israel of coronavirus conspiracy against China "From Ebola, Zika, SARS, avian flu and swine flu, through anthrax and mad cow disease to the corona[virus] – [all these] deadly viruses were manufactured by the US the report alleged. "  …
Beijing starts "no-touch" service in the first working day. #coronavirus #coronaviruschina #corona #China #WuhanVirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Good step by #India to permit the export of medical gear to #China. In such time of crisis, it is vital that we do whatever we can to help the Chinese govt & its people to fight #coronoavirusoutbreak. #Corona @PMOIndia @MEAIndia @DrSJaishankar  …
Hey guys? The targeting that I'm experiencing seems 2 b a bio weapon that works  w/ radiation. & 5G's been an active choice on my cousin's router 4 years now. So I think that 5G is live here. #Hypothesis- Is it possible that the Corona virus was made to work w/ 5G?
#UdlisiweWhen you leave home to stay with your girlfriend/boyfriend eating lobsters and boozing corona etc whilst your mama struggles with no one to look after her and nothing to eat . 
85-year-old arrested in Corona hit-run that killed mother of 8 on motorcycle  …
Dumb question time. Already this morning I've heard of the "novel" coronavirus 4 times. Yesterday it was just plain old corona. Did something change? Why is every outlet saying novel now? I know the answer. Mockingbird. It should be illegal for the media to do that.
Q713 Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q
One of the saddest videos ... The crying of the daughter who made food for her mother, the nurse, in the hospital designated for patients with corona, but she can't hug her except from afar... 
Kerala resisted Nipah successfully Kerala resisted Corona successfully You know why? It has a long experience of battling the most dangerous virus in the world: Sanghwaad
Merchants always get great ideas. The take away window of a restaurant in Beijing starts "no-touch" service in the first working day. #coronavirus #coronaviruschina #corona #China #WuhanVirus 
Why is she giviñg them coroña? I thought that was dañgerous for society
Who wants to hear the truth...You should ask him first if he can take it. R.Hauschka #BillGates #Soros #chemtrails #Monsanto #corona #geoengineering #Monsanto #5G #NWO 
#coronovavirus IS IT THAT HARD TO SPELL CORONA VIRUS CORRECTLY
"Noro or Corona?" "Noro or Corona?" "Noro or Corona?" - Cruise ship employee checking people in
Do you know lack of sex can lead to corona virus
Can we not use this as a excuse to me racist towards eastern countries, corona virus is no different than the flu other than the fact we don’t have a vaccine,  cold is literally a strain of corona  …
Im really not trying to promote conspiracy, however.... Has anyone else noticed how the Corona virus replaced all the headlines about protests in China?
When you afraid of corona virus but hate people more 
Coutinho back to Liverpool posts are the Corona virus of FT...
I just don't get all this fuss over the so called 'Corona Virus' ( which is another term for a COLD). And why in God's name are we quarantining holidaymakers returning to Britain when we're letting 500,000 migrants a year into the country with NO medical checks at all? 
The UK government has awarded itself new powers to 'forcibly detain' any person suspected of having the Corona virus. Remind me what the symptoms are again... Sensible quarantine yes, forcible detention is another matter.
Patriot 41 Featured: @Friend2UYoo @hoppinmama5 @Ih8uJ @Pat_riots2KAG @slmmcdaniel @Julietknows1 @PillDrsWife @CharlesKByrne @PrynneHyster @brayc2 @TorCWoman @9mmcassy RT & Add @Follow RT & Comments Return What is your opinion of the Corona Virus?
BREAKING: according to a user on 4chan, President Xi Jingping has died of Corona Virus and other world leaders are hoping they find a body double soon. Developing... 
Imagine if Corona virus isn't a thing and she wore this outfit without the mask. 
this is just a kid goofing. Nothing about this is corona Virus. And before you even say it’s a joke, know that this virus you’re joking why is killing people somewhere. Act right brother, take this down or take me out of the mentions. With all due respect  …
I found this corona virus disinfo bot in some data I collected over the weekend. It was created in January 2020 and has posted over 1200 tweets already. 
Having Imported Corona Virus the UK Government now introduces forced quarantine laws saying we are now in imminent danger 
Corona is in the air 
Just so peoole understand, wuhan is a major part of crypto mining and the supply chain for ASICs,  shutting down mining ops coz of corona....do the math
I’d rather have Corona Virus that wake up to this shite  …
Came back to Nigeria with the Flu, some friends said I had caught corona. So I told them to wait. Trekked a bit, sun did its job, and all the symptoms are gone. Thanks Sanwo Olu. For a greater Lagos!
First there was 4 now there’s 8 confirmed U.K cases of Corona Virus. If you thought panic buying was bad when we have a sprinkling of snow you’ve seen nothing yet. The bio security infrastructure doesn’t exist to save us. I’m off to Waitrose.
I just came across someone saying, “you know corona outbreak in Korea is serious when you see Jin wearing a mask at airport” wtf did y’all think? a lot of people have lost their lives, it isn’t even a joke. Health and safety first
. @owishemwe deserves to be UOT's #MCM. Great job chief on championing #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan hashtag and throwing more light on the deadly Corona Virus. Prayers for you plus fellow countrymen in Wuhan 
After @ESASolarOrbiter, @ESA’s next mission observing the Sun will not be one spacecraft but two: the double satellites of Proba-3 will fly in formation to cast an artificial solar eclipse, giving a sustained view of the Sun’s ghostly corona #SolarOrbiter  
“we’re the corona boys making all the noise”
Note to self:general public does not like jokes about hoping to die from the corona virus
Comoros gives 100 euro (about 66 thousand frs) to China to fight Corona The President is my model 
Corona virus not gonna stop me from partaking In upper class Zimbabwean activities 
Up to 24 days incubation time is not good news. That means any quarantine really shouldn’t be 14 days, but at least 24... Corona is a real fucker to deal with.  …
Photo Jin ‘Arriving using a mask due to Corona’ As in Seokjin wearing a mask is such a rarity that the reporters now deemed it title/newsworthy hhhh  …
Victorian Police couldn't catch the Corona Virus in Wuhan.
Breakdown: $200k - to buy medical supplies; respirators, latex gloves chii chii. $1m - for Corona Virus Taskforce per diems. $4m - to be stolen  …
How to prevent Corona Virus 
This image features a rare corona of the planet Jupiter, seen above the Atacama Desert in Chile. The beautiful red and green colours in the sky are due to atmospheric airglow. Credit: @ESO /P. Horálek  
Some racist parents in my sister’s whatsapp group bfr corona virus happened : “Why must have BM FOR 1 HOUR?THATS WHY WE SEND OUR CHILDREN TO CHINESE SCHOOL. CUT THE PERIOD WE DONT NEED IT” After corona virus outbreak: “Speak bm when go holiday so they dont say we from china ok”
Philippines is on the verge of a possibly one of the worst deadly corona virus, but Duterte government decided to focus on other issues like VFA and ABS-CBN Pwede mag focus kayo sa more urgent matters to attend to? Kahit face mask wala ng mabili! 
Corona Virus is here Locusts are also here Honestly The Lord is our only savior
Corona virus prank can never go well. @zfancytv why not try this 
While GREETING your FRIENDS, try NAMASTE over HANDSHAKE it ensures ZERO BACTERIAL TRANSFER practice INDIAN Do U know : HANDSHAKE causes :124 million bacterial colony ( CFU ) HIGH 5 : 55 million bacterial colony CFU FIST BUMP :7 million bacterial colony CFU #Corona
doctor said I have corona virus with 4 days to live so I killed him and the judge gave me 30 years
@narendramodi @drharshvardhan @MoHFW_INDIA @AmitShah @rajnathsingh Can you  with a statement on Govt's preparedness for emergency response teams to contain spread of Corona Virus in India? Do we have stock of Test Kits, Medicine, Sprayers, Masks for Army & Public?  …
This is a pretty sobering assessment of the corona virus from @BeckyQuick and  …
Off to quarantine you must go #Corona 
Good morning and a very happy Monday to all of my friends. It’s going to be a very cold week here with a big chance of snow. I hope you all are being vigilant after the corona virus is spreading all round the world. I make it 9 countries now with the virus. . I Love you all 
Gabbbar sir once went to China and coughed. Today we have Corona virus. Thank you sir  …
Update on the corona virus by @chrismartenson. It is well done by someone highly trained in  …
Corona police arrest 85-year-old driver suspected in hit-and-run that killed mother of 8 as she was riding motorcycle; husband helped track suspect's vehicle down 
We currently live in the worst timeline. This is worse than the engineered Corona virus  …
So Of all China products Corona virus ndio original?
WOH...could be merely coincidental but check out this Qanon post from 2 years ago tomorrow... “what’s going on in Asia” and then a couple posts later “corona_offline”_deac”. Corona was reference to satellite but double meaning as in coronavirus? In China and Asia...mind blown. 
Settle for a slowdown. Corona, lush green island and the ocean #Maui as 
We talk to @owishemwe live from Wuhan, China. He’ll talk to us about how he and the other students are coping in the epicenter of the Corona Virus. 
my lyft is just talking to me about the corona virus lol
#ThingsThisWeek Don’t forget to watch out for India’s Jan CPI & WPI and trade stats along with the Dec IIP print even as you eyeball the Delhi Election Results, signs of ‘’stabilization’ of the Corona epidemic & clues from crude oil price moves on the health of Global economy. 
Before you all die from the corona virus, I  you watch what it's like to get a Skype call from my mom. 
I’m sure Americans stuck on cruise ships in Asia because of corona will be thrilled a movie called Parasite won best picture. It’s a joke?
A friend in the medical field told me the corona virus has up to a 14-day incubation period, during which it can spread from people who display no symptoms to uninfected people. And it has a 2% mortality rate, or a 1-in-50 chance of death. Now THIS 
In “Stories with Berners” I was just told HIV wasn’t that big of a deal and not as many had died as would with Corona Virus so I want people to die if I’m realistic about Universal healthcare???
There’s a difference between “sinus” & “corona virus” la retards .
Beijing, a city of 25 million is a ghost town now. Mark Chisholm shows Beijing like you've never seen it before. An extension of the Lunar New Year holidays due to the #coronavirus outbreak has cleared the streets of this metropolis. (REUTERS) #coronaviruschina #Corona 
I am very disappointed .. After #corona virus valentine is no more CHOCLATY. 
“This is to inform you that we will proceed pre-recording and live broadcast for this week inkigayo (9/2) without audience due to corona virus outbreak” Dogyul’s first appearance on public music show 
Muslim countries felt constipated by mouth to utter any protest against China for treatment of Uyghar Muslims. But Allah was watching and acted with Corona virus. ~ Dr Zakir Naik
When virus hysteria makes Corona 30% off in Singapore, you buy a few six-packs and invite your colleague over for drunk chess. 
man you guys are so worried bout the corona virus like we don’t have McAfee and Norton
Latuda take 1 daily helps cure Beer Corona virus! 
Who wants to bet that China is killing off its dissenters and covering up with the Corona virus? Especially those with low social credit scores.
