Alcohol poisoning is gonna get me before the corona does
I can’t be the only person that I get a lil headache and be like LAWD not me . I can’t have corona
Before Spring break: “Corona’s really gonna give us an extra week of spring break.” After Spring break: 
IS THERE A DEM THAT CARES 4 CITIZENS OR USA? 2 THE CORE THEY AS A GROUP HAVE CONTINUED TO TRY N DESTROY THE US N DJT SINCE 16 NOW THE CORRUPT MAIL IN VOTE CUS CORONA SCAM IS MANTRA THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT U WAKE UP PEOPLE BE VIGILANT #VOTEOUTTHESWAMP2020 #TRUMP2020 
Interesting... pastor the president will be listening to on Easter lives in ....wait for it! Greg Laurie is an American author and pastor who serves as the senior pastor of Harvest Christian Fellowship in Riverside, California, Harvest Corona in Corona. No coincidences.
"When I give you 6 feet.... Corona gone be the least of ya worries" @JohnJohnDaDon was 
This response to corona has me convinced that a NWO exists. The Catholic Church was right about the freemasons.
I am so sorry to hear this. All of us need med pros like you, ESPECIALLY now, with corona virus! WHAT is going to happen to everyone?
If you get "tested" or you had the Flu Vaccine, you will likely be positive with corona. Funny how that seems to correlate, isn't it?
Thinking about ppl who took beach vacations this spring break among corona crisis and being told to social distance. Did you have fun? Was it worth it?
What in the world??? I dunno even know anyone that knows anyone with it. What I do know for a fact is people are dying of unrelated things to covid & they're marking their deaths as Corona Virus!
i don’t understand people saying edwin and brandon are scamming for raising the prices when they ain’t seeing a single cent of this money?!? scamming you by putting more money toward corona virus relief?
Yes but are they slapping corona on every death certificate? Dies of heart attack- cause corona?
Where exactly did the Wuhan corona virus start?  …
Miss Corona is finished  …
speculation about the politics of future cancellation of the JSP top-up (which is literally called the corona virus supplement. It will definitely go) and the politics of lifting the increased child care subsidy. But let’s stick to the here and now, says Speers #Insiders
Coronavirus Pandemic: Should China Be Held Responsible for Corona And Made to Pay War Damages? We Are Angry Because Chinese Whistleblowers Were Silenced & Italians Are Dying Like Flies.  …
CORONA VS PAK ECONOMY I had spoken Six week back on the floor of the house that Ruppee will hit 170 to a dollar. It has hit now 167 & by the way it is not because of corona virus . coronavirus will damage now & govt needs to monitor closely the corona effects on our Economy .  …
Maeve Kennedy McKean disappears with her young son in a strange story about a ball and a canoe. She happens to have been Director of Georgetown's Global Health Initiative and a senior player in PEPFAR. Look at corona connections to PEPFAR: 
Our superheroes are saving lives around the world, this time as the corona warriors. stayhome and help them 
Retweet this to not get corona
So a Trump supporter basically called coronavirus a hoax and blamed democrats for getting people worked up for nothing. Then died from corona 2 weeks later. When the  back to bite…. 
I’m gonna kill corona virus man. I could’ve been at Greene turtle in my nba jersey
Don’t let the Corona Virus distract y’all @INGRucci still ain’t drop Me & My Drugz Pt 2 Yet
getting ready for miss corona 
The #twibe in times of Corona... We’re losing it, folks 
If you're ever in the city of #Corona (unfortunate name) why not visit our new @generalbytes Bitcoin ATM?  … You can buy AND sell bitcoin for cash at this location. ..its slightly to the left of the french 
Come to Palestine when Corona virus pandemic end
The corona virus is a big scam, it was all planned, what is killing people is the 5G network, it has a poisonous radiation that ceases oxygen around. The world is wicked. @realDonaldTrump Please stop 
Ebola was a poor man's disease. The world a wasn't going to stop because a few paupers had a fever. World leaders are catching Corona  …
Corona .... Move on 
Here’s the best hypocracy!! “We are ok with 68k people dying without health insurance”. But we aren’t on with 1-3k of people dying from corona... cause we can’t make sure it’s just poor people.....
UK Gov: to help stop the spread of corona you can have one short trip outside a day for essential shopping and exercise. The general population: oh we’ll go sunbathe then get a few cans out bring a bbq invite the niece and nephew don’t worry it’s 6 feet apart
real winner of corona? the houston astros. 97mph fastballs to their backs and heads have been delayed by at least a month.
Another CF kid recovers from #covid #corona  …
The illiterate artist asked his personal doctor to educate the public on Corona virus.and even demonstrated on how our hands should be washed properly. Chai Shatta wale knows branding. #FaithConcert
Because of an offer from @GoliniKenneth I was able to use Social Media to send $1,304.80 to a family that was financially hit by Corona. That’s what this is all about. Thank you to all who bid/donated. 
“You can take that off I don’t have that corona thing.” “Yeah, thanks, doc. You do however have MRSA, a felony warrant, and meth in your pocket, so you’ll pardon me if I wait for a second opinion.”
I’m dead “5G cuz” for all those with the corona 5G vibe 
HEY THE CORONA VIRUS HAD ME SAD TODAY CAUSE THERE'S NOTHING HAPPENING ANYWHERE ON EARTH SO I UPLOADED A 3 YEAR OLD VLOG WHERE MY BROTHER AND I WENT TO THE LARGEST PILLOW FIGHT IN LOS ANGELES AND I THINK IT'S COOL SO WATCH IF IT YOU'RE INTO THAT SORTA THI-  
Paolo Dybala And His Girlfriend Test positive for the corona virus fornthe second time,this after a negative test that came after the first one which was positive,make of that what you will #GetWellSoonDybalas
What tf is this, this nigga tryna spread chlamydia fuck corona  …
WILL THE COVID-19 VACCINE BE THE MARK OF THE BEAST? #ShareAShow #PodernFamily #coronavirus #covid #corona #virus #rus #coronav #quarantine #love #stayhome #socialdistancing #china #staysafe  …
I’m crying because who are they gonna face? Kairi about to dip and Asuka is gonna be alone and there’s no more teams.. Yassss Bliss Cross Apple Sauce about to face Corona and Covid
CORONA JUST EXPOSED HOW FRAGILE THE SYSTEM IS.
The Pakistani PM is obviously correct here: “I read often on social media that Allah has created Pakistanis in a way that corona won't affect them. Please don't delude yourselves into thinking like this. Corona won't spare anyone." 
Not trying to downplay corona at all, just saying now that we are being more knowledgeable and concerned it’s a good time to remind people of other things we should think about on a daily basis. FaceTime a friend, go for a walk, let some sunlight in the blinds
i will wrestle the corona virus
I have a feeling the corona virus totals were being padded. Why does the online registry ask about your  and biological children like I’m hearing about? Why must you have an ID#assigned BEFORE you know IF you’re COVID positive or not? Before you even can get a test?  …
#Hartford Together Apart across Trumbull Street — making connections across the Corona divide! Love this. 
The 21-day lockdown ends on April 15th. PM @narendramodi takes stock of Corona war & urges states to draw an 'exit plan' but experts are divided on the next step. Join Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT SPL EDITION at 1 PM today. | 
I have this odd feeling that one industry that won’t bounce back from the Corona recession is the escape room business.
Corona look 
US President Donald Trump has announced at the White House Corona Virus Taskforce briefing that he has requested PM Modi to release US order of hydroxychloroquine stockpile.  …
The only programmers who know it are at high risk from corona. This should be interesting
me & my girls before boarding our plane after corona over  …
Mexico Shuts Down Brewing of Corona Beer  …
38 loads of laundry this week, 38 loads this week. Strip your clothes down, corona’s in town, 39 loads of laundry this week
omg some muslim lady in kuwait found the cure to corona a few days ago. stan ha for clear skin
Listen as soon as this whole Corona thing is over THE SLAY WILL CONTINUEEE 
Stay safe, be cautious, but dont forget your mental health while we remain quarantined Since everyone is glued to the corona virus numbers every day.. think bout this. Close to 800,000 people die due to suicide every year, 132 a day, one person every 40 seconds. #mentalhealth
A super corona virus has been in the works since 2015. The Chinese have been at this for a while. Canada:  … Italy RAI, 2015 Newsreport  …
I know with all the #Corona stress it’s not easy to say when, but can’t even tell you what magic @shreyaghoshal has done on a track from @NSaina ‘s biopic, it’s
Corona beer suspends production during COVID-19 outbreak  
Mexico Shuts Down Brewing of Corona Beer 
Corona beer halts production during coronavirus pandemic  
Rather catch the Corona  …
Got this off of AWK's video to ask a simple question.....why do you need pampers to fight the Corona virus? 
The U.S. military just placed an billion $order for 78 F-35 jets, to be divided among the three flying services in order to bomb the Corona virus.  …
You think #corona is frightening? Well, last time I checked we canot stop #ClimateChange climatechange with a 
1 of the saddest sights of Corona szn 
SHOCKING. The USA has 35% of the NEW corona-virus cases in the world. Yet we still do not have a National Stay at Home Order. Does Trump and the republicans want the virus to spread?
The news reports about Corona just induce absolute panic in people Just read about the tragic death of this 5 year old kid We have a child the same age and it terrifies me Yet no information was given by most media outlets as to whether the kid had underlying health issues
Couple names newborn twins Covid and Corona 
Tell him to self-isolate !! Corona symptoms involve lack of taste
BC will now mean Before Corona
104 and just recovered from corona virus? Perryit.  …
#FaithConcert is going to drive corona virus away. The numbers will reduce drastically. @shattawalegh your mind 
corona virus works hard but boba places working harder
AIC Family, friends, and supporters.  @coachdiniak to the FAMILY as our NEW offensive coordinator and QBs coach!! We are putting the pieces together to make a run in the NE-10! Corona ain’t stopping nothing but Social Gatherings!! #AIElite #SWARM #21Jackets
If you think 5G can give you Corona please unfollow me, I don't need someone so idiotic around me.
Guess I'll watch the  Probably the only thing on tv that won't mention the friggin corona virus.
Was afraid Steph was  corona to Vince's steroid trial
corona virus waiting for us outside our houses 
#BREAKING #MarianneFaithfull Sending Love to Marianne Faithful who has been Hospitalised for Corona Virus.  
Juan O Savin states that the Whitehats TAGGED the #Adrenochrome with #Corona virus, boom Hollywood , Royalty .... follow the white Rabbit ! #Qnn #QAnon Two types of Coronavirus: SARS - Flu like HIV - Tagged - few symptoms, high Iron (Fe) 
#ImTellingYouThisForTheLastTime Corona is getting on my last nerve” 
wtf postmaster out because of corona virus 
This Covid-19 got me thinking about you. I know that where you’re at right now, there’s no future there. As soon as this Corona is gone, I  see you or I can have  here. I know you love the island vibe and I want you to have my future heir. Yours truly  …
Hey y’all! We have an extra special  to you tomorrow where @amywestervelt and @MaryHeglar sit down with real-life disasterologist, @SamLMontano to talk all about the corona disaster. We had questions. She had answers, and reading rec’s. See below. And get ready.
I honestly think I already had the corona virus in December
every time i see a tweet with zaafim sensin my heart burns a little like how much longer until we hear azer say it corona git alreadyyy Hayalimsin AzKar
Beautiful addition to this fabulous initiative mapping everyday lives during the Corona virus by my colleague @ryangfrazer “Big and small  …
NEWS: Corona beer haults production due to the coronavirus. ME: 
#insiders Corona virus has again demonstrated that NeoLiberal-Chicago School-Trickle Down Economics ONLY WORKS FOR BILLIONAIRES but The Abbott Turnbull Morrison Govt will go straight back there as soon as possible Why would we allow them to do that?  …
“So anyway the animals huh?! I crossed them up pretty...uh good and then the mayor gave me an...umm egg?! And I was....mad?” - me trying to fit into the new world after corona
Thanks to Corona virus, everyone has  a medical expert
Couple names newborn twins Covid and Corona 
I either hear Tory Lanez screaming “quarantine” or Cardi B yelling “corona virus” every second of my day & im srs not okay.
Corona got me TIGHT 
Many reports now saying Corona was released from a Wuhan laboratory, not from "bats" or "wet markets." Was it done on purpose or accidentally?  …
My grandma made a Corona Mask from her Bra and collard green rubber bands and I am in TEARS. SHE WAS SERIOUS. 
Trying not to suck at BP when the corona-cation is done. Lots of strikes today to the imaginary hitters, they went yard quite a few times against the wind in a big park in the South. These imaginary hitters are yoked ;) 
Y’all do realize people used toilet paper before corona? It’s possible they could have already had toilet paper .
Things that proponents of lifting sanctions off IslamicRepublic don’t want you to hear: “We brought the necessary medical equipment to Iran within 48hrs,” said Minister of Trade, Rahmani. Imports for Corona made through "private sector & some of  
Don't tell me is corona please  …
You just have to reminisce on the memories you made before this corona x 
i believe they arrested carti because he discovered a vaccination for the Corona virus.
What can USA Do Now to stop #Corona??? A lot!! Share this and 
Minus the whole corona situation it’s mad how much happier I  to this time last year u love to see it
When the Bible say Fear Not ,it meant anything, Even corona .
I don’t want anyone to get the Corona virus. But here are some people who might learn something if they did catch it.  …
Quick question for you all blokes...when this corona virus is over and you have a choice between a romantic weekend away with the Mrs or a game for your club...what number will you bat?
By the way. You’re not allowed to post a pic of yourself ‘out and about’ pre corona virus or some slice of perfection called Sharon or Karen will try to cancel you.
Dr. Fauci and Bill Gates= deep state corona swamp.  …
Turning to hoops for today's final Corona post, the 1989 account of the first game of a rookie named David Robinson, one of my favorite guys ever. I still remember him explaining a key blocked shot: "I can't just let opponents take the ball to the hoop with impunity," Robinson
Just wanna tell all you guys get with the ppl you love and hold them tight this Corona virus is no joke I lost my mom due to this horrible virus this shit breaks me I couldn’t even tell her goodbye she fought a good fight but I know she’s at peace now I LOVE YOU MOMMY
joan is doing research on how/what people are doing to cope in the corona insanity. if you’ve got a story, tip, trick,  my only real trick is waking up at 11:30am no matter when i went to sleep because ive  v nocturnal.  …
grove city gets 7 new cases of corona every day but yeah keep on hanging with all ur friends and having parties greattttt idea
WAIT. THE GUY WHO SINGS STACYS MOM DIED ??? FROM CORONA ???? WHAT
Immediately corona ends: 
Corona in the USA hits different but no ones listening
The Corona Clown in Chief kills Americans, unnecessarily!!  a crime against humanity. #TrumpCommitsACrimeAgainstHumanity  …
Corona sucks. Need some people to talk to ? May it be job problems/corona, coding or talk about crypto Join:  I'm pretty bad in being an admin/organizing, lets see for how long a public room can  …
Look at the unbelievable spike in the number of #unemployed in the US due to the #Corona #COVID2019 crisis.  …
Collection of Islamophobic fake news which went viral in the last few days . I'm sure  across at least few of them. Fake News 1: Muslim man spitting on fruits to spread Corona -  …
Her mom shoulda named her Corona the way she be getting passed around
We will not brexit in January. There are no negotiations #coronavirus will ravage the UK No deal after Corona is clearly unrealistic The EU will emerge stronger and more united We were always stronger together #stopbrexit
I thank god everyday that I’m still healthy not diagnosed with this corona virus truly a blessing
Corey’s thread takes you on a short stroll that seems at first to be a quirky curiosity, but winds up explaining how capitalists made corona worse.  …
Burying bad news: corona-filled papers ignore Britain’s Yemen invasion  …
No stats of recovered corona virus patients in Zim yet..its been over two weeks now and the 9 confirmed cases are still just that...confirmed cases. At this point they should have either recovered or died..right? Or am i wrong if im wrong tell me its okay
I am so proud of my doctors & paramedical staff especially our most brave Nurses who are attending the corona patients without medical kits & most of the hospitals rusing simple masks.I had asked the govt in writing to import the medical kits/testing kits &ventilators/No action
CORONA HOUSE will be a timed exclusive event series for indiegogo contributors eyes only. $5 gets you in the private group with a private stream of all 14 episodes as they premiere, $10 gets you in private group with a digital download of all 14 episodes.  …
Corona Style! Wear your Masks and cover it as it's so ugly! Show me your face with your Mask! 
Corona is the virus. Capitalism is the pandemic.
Morning Rebahan is passion Calm down not lock down Life must go on And then Corona will gone Be patient Keep Strong and 
The guy who ate the bat with corona
Would be very interesting to see the Govts modelling on corona. Firstly I suspect the modelling from a couple of weeks back would have forecast a much worse scenario than the reality today. Everyone has done an incredible job over past few weeks esp health staff & our leaders.
Spent 8 months on Chloroquine in India during the 90s. It’s an Anti Malarial and can floor a Brontasuraus. Chloroquine cures Corona just like Crack cures Unemployment. Fuck this flatulent wraith.  …
to corona: the boys are struggling (plz listen) 
growing up through clinton, bush2, obama katrina, 9/11, recession, corona you got 3 options; be a hotep/, conspiracy theorist, or 
how can you as a gym owner have corona and still not pull your team from worlds where’s the logic in that
Sir: For what it's worth. Below is my response to Joe Biden for his unfounded accusation regarding the current response to the Corona Virus.  …
We all have now seen exactly how Democrats have responded to the Corona Virus “Crisis” that can be avoided by washing our hands and social distancing. It terrifies me just to imagine how Democrats will respond when we have to deal with a real crisis.
RT or you’ll get the corona virus 
Laying in the middle of street like a boss. #Erbil street in the time of Corona. 
“and ye shall drink poison and step on snakes and nothing will happen” after corona they need to delete that quotation  …
Great step by @CMOMaharashtra.. RT @CMOMaharashtra: “Cluster Containment Action Plan” has been activated in zones where Corona +ve patients have been found Here are some details: 
Nobody: Corona: 
sweetener, caution and butterfly stans are automatically immune to the corona virus
Corona Advice From Benin Republic 
I’m not really looking forward to the ‘Blood Quantum and Love during the time of Corona’ Opt Ed that will be published after this.
The only way to get rid of the Corona virus is a military attack on the Iranian terrorist regime. And it must have the signature of the Restart leader for this war. #sunrise #RestartMIGA 
Corona fucked it up for us to see Quiet Place 2 ... I’m hot
"We only differ from Weimar Germany in that our economy isn't in the shitter, we have all the degeneracy" *Corona pops up - millions out of work* "Oh no muh economy please won't someone think of the economy!" Starting to think people don't want radical change
If you  for some reason to post a negative tweet in one of my threads, you will be blocked. Is it impossible for some of you to be kind in this time of corona when so many are suffering? I don't need to read your crap ~opinions.
Corona is exactly the gurl she said she would be when she left the forrest and no one believed in her.
Corona is the family of viruses that this Covid-19 strand is in
Why was it called the corona virus if it started in china ?
He is just laughable, this Corona Clown In Chief
if you’ve ever slept on the bus floor, you’re built to beat the corona 
He @iamsrk donated around 70Cr Rupees in many ways to fight from corona virus , and also give his 4 storey personal office to @mybmc for kids , elders and ladies . King for a reason .A true super star. #SRKOfficeForQuarantine #SRKDonatesForCovid #ShahRukhKhan 
Kill Corona and let the show live! 
“TRUMP CAUSED “Americans will CORONA” get $1200”  …
The 2008 crash strip mined the finance sector, blew through the economy, and bored into our civic society. Corona is going to be 10x more damaging.
Seriously, this mofo is carrying corona. Look at him 
It’s wild here by the stadium, we are dancing one meter apart from each other! Corona couldn’t stop this show from happening #BurnaBoyshow04042020
Tacha will not be that creature you create in your lilly livered brains Tacha is Tacha She's keeping it military and I'm here for it Ube is lucky corona has canceled corn, he would've been dinner #TachaPavedTheWay
Class of 2019 is top tier 2018; hurricane 2019; 2020; corona
Me looking at the happy hour menu after all this corona stuff is over  …
Chai and I went on a date with this babe ooo. Now she is sending me 5G 5G WhatsApp. Sani, we need to step.our game up. Next date, first question will be "do you think 5G causes corona "
He covered his whole face something spider man been done on the other hand Beyoncé covered her nose and mouth telling us about the corona and face masks and also the tiger print telling us we would be watching tiger king
Bernie skipped 4 corona-related votes so he could host a Jerry Lewis-style internet Squad-a-thon that *checks notes* a whopping 4000 people tuned in for.
When i die from corona i hope they write on my grave “good poster”
Yet again - #CadetBonespurs expect to receive the @NobelPrize! Please address this at the #PressBrief! I take it he’ll expect the Prize in Medicine on hydroxychlorokin. He’s twice Corona negative, however says he may take the drug himself! As the #NobelPeacePrize!  
Trump is extra Grandpa today with this verbal diarrhea. I especially like when he says “some are hotspots, and there’s nothing we’re gonna do about it.” #corona 
Get well soon Marianne Faithfull : icon in hospital with Corona  … via @louderthanwar
Would you really go out if you could see Corona Virus? 
Alhamdullah i don't have corona, Alhamdullah i don't have cancer, Alhamdullah i don't have TB, Alhamdullah i don't have any Heart disease, Shukar. "All Thanks to Allah for taking us out from the shade of darkness to the shade of light".
fuck corona virus
I remember when this corona shit arrived in Africa last month, there was some interview whereby Bill fucking Gates said that COVID-19 will hit Africa the most, and now ke gona ke gopola his words, that guy wanna finish us #vaccine 
BREAKING Head of Finance Dept @MoH_Somalia Mohammud Mohammed Buule has been arrested over alleged corruptuon,A source has told Radio Dalsan According to the source Buule was arrested tonight & is to be probed by investigators from the auditor office over corona funds. #Somalia
This Shatta Wale concert is going to drive the Corona virus away aswear #Shattawale #FaithConcert
Big Pharma has exploited every pandemic, has stolen medicinal indigenous knowledge systems. None of the Black voice(s) spewing venom at a Black woman getting in on the opportunity to make money over Corona even opened their mouths. They are employed to protect big business.
O world, please send your zakat to the poor of #Gaza. It is very difficult to blockade Gaza with the Corona virus
Reminder that Julian Assange is still imprisoned because the US government wants to extradite him here. No other reason. His lungs have been shot since 2012 and there are corona cases in Belmarsh where he is. Please end this @realDonaldTrump. If he dies it’s on you.
We have two pandemics actually three on hands: Corona Virus, Fake News, and Stupidty. SMH.
Disaster capitalism - The Corona Vultures, chapter 1:  …
Good to see hospital admissions for corona virus starting to level off in London. Let's hope that's the start of a better trend.
Alhamdulilah another ramadan  and inshallah we all get to see it but please make a dua for the converts/reverts who will be alone even more this ramadan due to the corona virus. A lot of reverts will be fasting alone and at the same time trying to hide that they are....
corona virus got me watching NBA games from 2006 eating ramen I bought in 2005
<100 IQ: "our gubmint is to blame for Corona being here!" 115 IQ: "something  China and haha look at the weird stuff the Chinese eat" 130+ IQ "our gubmint is to blame for Corona being here!" 
“The cure can not be worse than the problem “???!? The Problem is YOU’RE REFUSING to Do what is PROVEN TO STOP CORONA: 1. Test EVERYONE & treat free 2. Trace all exposed 3. Quarantine them all! SKorea! #Coronavirus: US reports more than 300,000  …
Get well soon Marianne Faithfull : icon in hospital with Corona  … via @louderthanwar
African leaders shouldn't approve the testing of corona vaccines on their people. She added, "We’ve been guinea pigs for them for far too long" - Efia Odo. 
Live from the Ship House, East Legon. Shatta Wale still made history in this corona era. 
India Drags China To International Court For COVID-19 War In addition to the  a $20 trillion lawsuit has also been filed against China for waging a Biological war in Texas Federal Court, alleging that it unleashed the corona virus as a bio weapon upon the world
Heard the corona virus can be spread through technology. That’s probably the reason none of these girls are replying to my messages...
Dear corona, you may have taken away graduation but you can’t take away my excitement 
To everyone making fun of their mums/grandmas giving WhatsApp remedies to corona, just remember that they  from a place of kindness - what they’re saying isn’t intended to harm us. I doused myself in mosquito spray today just because I knew it would make her feel better
i miss bts SO MUCH? even tho they still post something now and then it just feels so different like i MISS every single one of them i fucking MISS them i wont stop sobbing until miss corona gets the fuck outta here and we can finally enjoy their concerts:( 
New law in Denmark ”critique against authorities about corona can lead to prison...” Not that their borders are open but guess I won’t be going there this sumer with my latest video up  …
Virus Corona: Bantuan Alat Medis 'From Russia with Love'  #vivanews
#IfMyLifeWereASong My Corona 
seen like ten tweets today about people losing someone from corona virus in particular people losing their dads/step-dads, my heart goes out to y’all fr cos that pain is deep
Corona mood board 
Friendly reminder that tomorrow Sunday April 5th is Palm Sunday. Corona virus has overshadowed the world.
The 21-day lockdown ends on April 15th. PM @narendramodi takes stock of Corona war & urges states to draw an 'exit plan' but experts are divided on the next step. Join Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT SPL EDITION at 1 PM today. | 
If Corona Virus keeps the NFL  back in the fall, the one upside to that heartbreak is that the Kansas City Chiefs would technically be Super Bowl champions two years in a row #ChiefsKingdom
Iran's Industry and Trade minister says Tehran has been able to buy, import, and deliver Corona-related items in 48 hours. He adds that the country has so far imported 20 million masks and more  He says private & state-owned firms r doing the import.  …
A couple in India have named their twins born amid the global #coronavirus pandemic Corona and Covid 
i’ve tested positive. not for corona but for the worst disease of all. being a clikkie
Y'all pray for this mannequin. He clearly has Corona 
I, like many  members, watch our tribal governor report on Corona everyday on FB. There's more cases every single day. The other day there were 12 total.
Three headlines all speaking to the need to #BuildBackBetter for a #wellbeingeconomy post-corona. There can be no return to business as usual - with its #inequality, precariousness, #environmentalbreakdown & growth-fetish. #weall deserve better 
Brian lets lay off of scaring people from Hydroxycholoroquine ( the only thing that's proving to work against Corona). I know we hate that Trump's the one that said it, and (those people ate the Fish tank cleaner version and died) but...lets focus on Saving people. thanks man!
Can geese get corona virus
#StayAtHome If I survive this Corona virus war, I promise you life Delete my remaining number of lives I will live all over again !!!! Good night 
Why not protect yourself from corona AND promote #WynonnaEarp at the same time?! 
this is a lousy attempt to blame the Captain for his crew getting Corona-virus cases
This Is Where The World Is On The "Corona Curve" At This Moment | Zero Hedge  …
As far as I know, corona cases at tribal facilities and Indian health service facilities are not tracked by the cdc, these facilities can only self report.
The Corona Virus proves that Democrats are cowards who embrace fear during a time of Crisis while Americans embrace one another.  to no end because they hate people who set aside differences to  Americans. They are only here to take but never to give.
corona the biggest cockblocker in history
WHO conspired with China to lie about corona virus  …
One day Rama will get a taste of his own medicine and we will be here for it, if Corona doesn't take us out.
@RealBlackCoffee THANK YOU BLACK COFFEE!!!!!!!! You've raised 75 thousand rands so far, just today only for SA's Solidarity Fund to assist with the Corona Virus. Bless you grootman', dope set King 
Ppl really don't know about and don't gaf about  and how corona is impacting us.  borders the Phoenix metro area to the south, the entire city. I live in a village that's literally a few minutes walk to the city.
My apologies. I assume people have ready white rabbit/Y/Aclrenochrome thread ! The rabbit and the pink tie Aclrenochrome was being manufactured in Wuhan where corona began. Also  
Corona isn’t near as breath taking as Texas wildflowers 
Good evening my fellow Nigerlites. As we are all aware, we are at an unusual time and we are all required to make unusual sacrifices to defeat the deadly Corona Virus (COVID-19). 
1) First #Corona case surfaced on 30Jan, after that, 1.2 Lakh people attended #Namastey Trump, how many were tested, not forgetting the honorable PM @narendramodi Ji was there +  … @RahulGandhi @priyankagandhi @priyapyadav18 @ItiTish @sweposten @RK_Insight
Corona may have stopped the spring game but Dashy still reppin 
Dr Jaidu fans when Dr Jaidu cures Corona, Aids, Cancer, Ebola, Bawaseer etc with just one medicine 
According to Iran &China's statistical model, America has 219 deaths of Corona & 2225 people who've contacted the virus. The stat provided was based on Iran and China's model and we gave the higher ratio. And now if this stat is wrong, #China, #Russia & #Iran need be 
Got my corona check 
Hats off to the sacrifice of Nirmal Shrivas, other ‘Corona Warriors’ & their family members! On the other hand, in same Indore, we saw how Muslims of a locality attacked medical staff who had gone to screen people for COVID-19. Two contrasting pictures in the same city!
“Noi corona “ As per I have it or I’m guarding it or what
ew this girl think she’s bad or something. she deadass has corona and refuses to stay in quarantine. this is so the most selfish thing i’ve seen (she lives in the carrollton/ farmers branch area) so y’all be careful and if y’all see her throw a brick at her for me 
China also burn its citizens alive while they are dying from Corona virus. 
Batman fights Corona too!! 
Corona can’t stop me with these picture. 
Since everyone is still on Corona break, I'll be giving away ONE Epaxial Lunar Client Cape and ONE Rank on @GladeNetwork 2 Winners. Steps: Follow me Like and RT Format: (IGN) and choose any of the prizes (you can choose both)
In GB, most affected by the Corona virus district is Nagar, there are no people nearby. Hospitals have no protective equipment. The doctor is crying. Where is the relief equipment going? These people  out on the road and protests are continuing in #Nagar 
To my Biden supporter friends who want to know what Bernie's plans are in responding to corona virus: Here is a link. Please let me know what Joe's plans are. Or he could just debate Bernie on this issue.  …
So in light of the Corona-crisis, the big players are also adjusting their product lines. I think these are my favorites! 
i wonder if gypsee rose had corona virus
People really believe 5G is to blame for Corona.. People are so fucking stupid
First they were worried about slow spreading of corona virus in Africa now they wanna test #vaccine in 
Indeed. Given the fact that Israel is preventing test kits and medical supplies from going into Palestine to aid them against Corona, I look forward to Ruth condemning this appalling and quite evil act.
We're very disappointed we cannot display our Star Trek bridge sets in Los Angeles 2020 as planned. Still we're EXTREMELY grateful we hadn't yet spent the $150,000 on shipping, rental, electronics and all other costs before Corona. 2021 will have to do! 
Twins born during India lockdown named ‘Corona and Covid’  
My racist neighbour has corona? 
In regards to today's Corona Task Force briefing... 
BREAKING NEWS NYT reports @realDonaldTrump caught red handed trying to steal Statue of Liberty from NY harbor during Corona Virus outbreak! 
Since Corona cancelled Spring, I’m ready for Summer 
Having been demystified by Corona realities, the manipulative industry which thrives on mass ignorance needed to stab corona for spoiling business, and prepare for post - corona manipulations. 5G fell victim. "Pastors", & extinguished senators suddenly became radiation experts.
Nevada Governor Sisolak Found Hoarding Coronavirus Treatment Drug Just about a week after the Trump hating Democrat Governor of Nevada limited the ability for physicians to prescribe Hydroxychloroquine to treat Corona virus patients.  …
#vaccine the virus we have is Bill Gates not Corona. Your media have been pay to updates you rubbish about #PandemicCovid19 
just found out objects cant get corona virus thank god im a woman
ACTUAL FOOTAGE OF WHERE THE CORONA VIRUS CAME FROM 
Some of you are friends of @sohailanjum who is currently in a London hospital on a ventilator fighting for his life after contracting Corona. Im in touch with his nephew via FB. The sad news is Sohail's mum, who also contracted Corona has passed away. Please say a prayer for her
B.C Before Corona A.C After Corona The new timeline of our lives?
Liverpool FC @LFC have sold their tickets in advance for the season, they are still selling merchandise, pay your workers will yer! @PeterMooreLFC If Any of our followers think we support FSGs stance feel free to unfollow and stop tagging us to score Corona points.
Shatta brought his personal Doctor to talk to Ghanaians about Corona virus..Your MCM is organizing battles for obi man so! We stan Nima Buju Banton!
Out for a hike. Just crossed paths with a guy who warned us about ticks. “No one likes Corona with Lyme,” he said. Granted I’ve been trapped inside for a long time, but I found that pretty darn amusing.
This gives you an idea how many layers of protection doctors must protect themselves everyday from the corona virus.  …
What makes this non-journalism even more repugnant is that the median age of a Fox Network viewer is 65 meaning their audience is at the most risk of corona. They should be held accountable.  …
pov: you are skeppy and you're at the trio reunion but you dont want corona 
A couple has named their newborn twins "Corona" and "Covid" amid the lockdown in India. 
if lady bird took place in 2020 she would be losing her virginity while kyles watching corona virus briefings on tv
I should be blaming a hungover today on Terrell Texas and @RandallKingBand but corona... we’ll be back @silver_saloon
Trump is the WORST president in U.S. history. He knew about Corona virus. He knew it  They had the facts. The writing was on the wall. He chose to not act. He chose to not prepare our country. He chose to let down the American people and jeopardize millions of lives.
I was having 2000+ phone numbers in my phone and thanks to #Corona that I got time to delete 800 numbers today. I can’t believe that I was having numbers of biggest flop ppl like Raima Sen and Ria Sen. Unbelievable!
corona.... i ain't ready to fight kpop stans anime stans and gamers all in real life
Corona,, cinna died for the hunger games nd he was the best ngl
Corona Virus Coping Meeting Notes from last night #BoomRadio @Hurricane_Stacy @Littleelvis40 @CateDailyBoom @MikeDeAngelis @OuchYOMH @HammerDownHard1 @SIOLoudcast @BrexleyReese @RealTommyAlaska @tcgigliotti @italiajohnny85 @johnpopevil @_Lypswitch_ @deesnider 
okay I’m bored so would you rather the hunger games existing or corona?
just found out the corona virus can’t infect objects. what a time to be a woman! amiright ladies
The vaccine for Corona Virus must be first tested with Bill Gates’ family, Trevor Noah, Cyril Ramaphosa and his cabinet as well as some freedom fighters who are quiet now. 
This corona shit is getting serious so if we ever had beef or a problem I just wanna say fuck you from the bottom of my heart
No body is forcing you to agree with Pastor Chris' view on Corona virus, the 5G network and the totalitarian agenda of a few power individual across the world. If you are a Christian and you read your Bible very well, you will know that all that is happening points to rapture.
me: focus on your activities today, sis. we have things to do also me: i cannot believe the NYC government told us to masturbate in case we get horny during corona. i mean, yeah, that makes sense, but WHAT A WORLD. yall put that on official letterhead. mood.
Why focus of Africa? [Thread] Europeans and USA are dying daily from Corona Virus This reminds me of how Colonization started since it did not take place from friendship arrangements, It was evil and well planned. Hence the vaccine testing also.  …
According to @CNN, The total number of Confirmed #COVIDー19 cases in the USA has now exceeded 300,000 with 8,162 deaths. The total worldwide case of Corona Virus Infections stand shockingly at 1,181,825 with 63,902 deaths. May GOD heal the world !
Benue fails lone COVID-19 patient; FG takes over, moves Susan Okpe to Abuja  … @tfx47 I'm so happy for her, the Ortomatic treatment in Benue is worst than Corona itself
Jersey City has the most corona cases and y’all still out here shooting niggas. Y’all are ruthless fr.
All i wanna say is if corona shuts down snowcone places I’m gonna riot that is where i draw the line
The Dutch government has neglected its responsibility towards the Caribbean part of the Kingdom for years and is even presenting demands in return for support during the corona crisis. The islands must be regarded as equal. Solidarity can save lives.  …
This is wild...Weddings "Corona-style"  …
Saying this during Trump’s handling of corona is such a wild thing to say frfr  …
It’s crazy the amount of people that hit me up telling me they have corona virus and asking what to do. For those scared to hit me, if your young they won’t keep you in the hospital unless your going into respiratory failure (which most likely you won’t).Treat the symptoms @home
The 21-day lockdown ends on April 15th. PM @narendramodi takes stock of Corona war & urges states to draw an 'exit plan' but experts are divided on the next step. Join Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT SPL EDITION at 1 PM today. | 
"There you go, Little Shits!" #Corona #coronavirus #AntMan #Marvel #MarvelStudios 
If corona virus was a guy. 
Please meet Corona and Noice. I’ve always wanted bottle goats but usually too much is going on.... but hey that’s not a problem these days. 
Here is why Turkmenistan doesn’t have corona virus. Explained by Turkmenistan President. #Turkmenistan 
@rlopezcjr he is not talking about the corona virus
Ready To Turn Off And Turn On ? 9PM 9 Minutes Corona Warriors 
EU & @NATO bashing continues on a Turkish TV, owned by President #Erdogan, while regime propagandists portraying neighboring #Bulgaria as vassal state of #Turkey. One depicting Bulgarian Prime Minister as begging Turkish border province governor for a mask. #Corona. 
POTUS 4/4/20 Corona Brief: “There will be a lot of death... There will be death” Brief started at 4:16pm EST Q416 You have no idea how sick and evil these people are. Fight, fight, fight. Day of days. Game over. Q 
My 65 year old cancer survivor mother  now has to nurse at a hospital exponentially being taken over by corona because people can’t just not party for a few weeks. This is bigger than your night out
I wonder what the normal daily death rate was in New York before the virus and how many normal deaths are in New York now, which are not counting the Corona Virus?
Norbert Elekes calculating Corona Positive cases everyday 
A good friend very unexpectedly lost his mother. Not to Corona. The crisis means that there cannot be a memorial service, that his friends and extended family cannot see&console him. Thinking of the many people who are now forced to grieve in isolation.
Lol... watching clips from Bill Maher from last night, and Bill just said he's not that worried about Corona because Tom Hanks is the same age as him and he's doing ok. These rich people... they really have no idea...
We all need to have the mindset of “what if I’m carrying corona right now” and act like it. Because if you really are carrying it, you won’t have a single symptom for DAYS. (1/7)
My dad is a super chill dude. Unshakeable. Never freaks out. He’s also a doctor. The fact that he’s constantly calling and texting me to make sure I don’t have corona symptoms and am taking precautions says to me all I need to know about the gravity of this pandemic.
After this Corona Virus lockdown, a lot of small scale businesses will be non-existent, because the meager capital has been used for feeding. It's sadden that microfinance banks would enslave some traders that have obtain loans without even knowing the meaning of interest.
we must Find a cure for the corona violence
The Democrat News & politicians who are politicizing & fear mongering over the Corona Virus are the ones who are making it clear they don’t see it as a real Crisis. No one who loves America & Americans would spend their time doing that instead of encouraging & helping Americans.
Let corona end first
So am now avoiding Shee leave alone Corona. My Gaaad...
the only ones who can stop corona 
I miss a good burger. Please cure the corona faster so my burger joints can open again. 
Fake News 3: Muslims sneezing in Unison to spread Corona -  … Fake News 4: Fake whatsapp videos led to attack on health team in Indore -  …
Thread; 10 fake/old videos shared by Islamophobics to defame Indian Muslims over Coronavirus. Fake News 1: Muslim man spitting on fruits to spread Corona -  … Fake News 2: Muslims licking utensils to spread Corona -  …
So how do I join one of those Corona Chan cults? I wanna pay my respects. 
my last two braincells as we prepare to enter week 3 of corona quarantining 
This story was reported by FOX NEWS, so as expected, reported in a misleading way. The patients were NOT covid patients. They were other patients who tested positive for corona only after being on ship - perhaps if there were MORE TESTS it wouldn't have happened.
If you believe that 5G and corona nonsense I put it to you that you don't have sense.
LA before and after Corona. Now we just have to avoid the vaccines. . . Look for my  videos. Today I had to stop my research. It had me depressed. Sometime this week, I’ll be doing videos to connect the dots for you. 
UK RELEASES CONVICTED CRIMINALS UK REFUSES TO RELEASE JULIAN #ASSANGE from CORONA infested Prison. He's ON REMAND UN SR on TORTURE & >200 Doctors WARN he's FRAIL, has WEAK LUNGS & COULD DIE @MarisePayne @ScottMorrisonMP Your COMMITMENT to AUSTRALIAN SOVEREIGNTY is at TEST  …
corona doctor in her office while other celebs announce her cover 
THREAD: 10 fake/old videos shared by Islamophobics to defame Muslims over Coronavirus. Fake News 1: Muslim man spitting on fruits to spread Corona -  … Fake News 2: Muslims licking utensils to spread Corona -  …
The Corona virus crisis has led me to take growing food more seriously. Weening ourselves off of fragile global supply chains can insulate from disruptions. Hopefully I’ll be able to supplement my and my neighbor’s produce supply. 
Y’all needa take this corona shit serious...my uncle died from it and my pops in the hospital isolated on a breathing machine
li3ndo Linux w bgha i7di stats dyal corona I made this small script 
Corona is taking lives more and more but ppl still wanna do link ups in the park, twats
This nigga said “you were on quarantine even before corona, when tf ima see you”
I don’t understand why they’re not testing this vaccines in Italy, the epicenter of this corona virus and they want to test them on Africans. We are not lab rats. Go to Italy or where the  from. Africa is not a jungle! #AfricansAreNotLabRats 
of course intentional! i'm in europe and know Comfort is NOT for corona patients
I haven’t had long hair since ~1988. I’m pretty sure corona is going to bring this back in style. Maybe even bandanas too?!? 
Throwback to when I met the gorgeous girls of @voiceswithsoul while on tour with @G4Official! These girls are so much fun, really hoping we can all share the stage again when this corona-craziness is over! . . . #voiceswithsoul #g4 #throwback #singers #singing 
#Corona #COVID19 report 
This corona shit ain't gonna end cuz people are still throwing parties and having huge gatherings and putting it all on snapchat.
Charity stream 1-5 PM PST! Fundraising for @GlobalGiving's Corona Virus Relief efforts! Streaming with @RainCoug and @ScatterplotDog! Steam, schedule, and donation info all  …
Predict a date on when you think this whole corona pandemic  to an end.
MONSTER: After banning hydroxychloroquine for Corona patients, DEM Nevada Governor Sisolak found hoarding the Coronavirus treatment drug….. for prisoners  
Pneumonia deaths in US have fallen significantly. Does this mean that world is calling pneumonia deaths as corona deaths? i.e. baising corona numbers? If yes, we are overestimating the risk of corona. This may change the expected lockdown period and perceived threat of corona.  …
#SubtweetHoarders Doctor: you tested positive for corona virus Toilet paper hoarder: but I have 300 toilet paper rolls how did I get the corona virus.
@VirtualAstro tonight's very low Iss pass, my dad used to love to see it pass over, but tonight's pass is a special one. He was sadly taken away from use due to corona virus. Now, he is up there watching it from a different angle, #SpotTheStation 
New post TESTING FOR DNA…ER… I MEAN, CORONA VIRUS has been published on SGT Report -  
2020 Birthday Shenanigans: 1) my fam has dubbed me Corona Czar (bc I don't trust anyone else to handle food properly) 2) I have real pjs now 3) my brother surprised me w/ outside my window & I thought he was a zombie and screamed for 10 secs straight 
Yooooo my mother, a black caribbean woman, born and raised in BIM. JUST CALLED AN APOLOGISED for her behaviour. I am still baffled corona really got people wilding!
I don’t understand why they’re not testing this vaccines in Italy, the epicenter of this corona virus and they want to test them on Africans. We are not lab rats. Go to Italy or where the  from. Africa is not a jungle! 
Prayers for my dad, who tested negative for corona but is in the hospital with bacterial heart infection issue. Need some prayers and hope and love for him thank u all. Love, eli
Imagine being told that you needed a "good job" only to be in 2020 AC (After Corona) and finding out your "good job" is nonessential. SCAMMED once again!
The ones inventing and spreading such libels are SICK  … #Corona #coronavirus
CAN YOU ALL PLEASE STAY THE FUCK HOME UNLESS ABSOLUTLEY NECESSARY. YOU ALL ARE THE PROBLEM. STOP GOING TO THE BEACH OR THE LAKE OR THE FUCKING STORE AND WHEREVER ELSE YOU FUCKING LOSERS ARE. BECAUSE IF THE CORONA VIRUS ISNT GONNA KILL YOUR GRANDMA, I AM.
Where the hell do I start with this... tl;dr: these corona cases in Kanagawa include a significant number of Yokohama City Hospital interns. 1 of them went to dinner with 19 others after testing positive. There’s way more, but I just can’t right now.  …
Hey Twitter World, it’s yours truly I have Corona Happy Saturday
Trump can no longer win against his own mistakes. He will also kill many of his voters. He lost to the Corona Virus. The only sad thing is that these mistakes are paid for with corpses. How can he be punished for it? 
Tomorrow is the foundation day of BJP. The party was established on 5th April 39 years back. Good way to celebrate at 9 pm on a country wise basis under the garb of Corona.
**copied** Good advise from a respiratory therapist! CORONA Common Sense Since they are calling on Respiratory therapist to help fight the Corona virus, and I am a retired one, too old to work in a hospital setting. I'm gonna share  sense wisdom with those that ...
Indeed. We may not agree with all of Merkels politics, but acknowledge that her/the German crisis management for Corona is much better than in other countries. We'd like better crisis management also for #ClimateCrisis, — maybe our societes can learn from this acute 
The worst thing about corona isn’t that it took my grandfather it’s that it took him alone. He died alone in the hospital. We said good bye on FaceTime. For his funeral I have to be on a zoom call to attend. I’ve never been angrier in my life. STAY THE FUCK INSIDE
Coronavirus: Twins born during India lockdown named 'Corona and Covid' | World News | Sky News  …
Dear @Twitter is #Corona the longest trending hashtag ever? #justasking
making a tiktok about the “batuu flu” isn’t a PSA about the corona virus, it’s using a pandemic that has killed over 60,000 people for content, it’s insensitive to the people who have died and people who are at high risk. Stop making excuses for her. 
PLEASE RETWEET - Be a responsible citizen & practice good health hygiene to help fight against #COVID19. Helpline No. +91-11-23978046. #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirusindia #Corona 
Cure for Corona found.. In my Pakistan 
My original plan was  on August 24 but due to the corona virus many of my offical visits have been pushed back. With that being said I will  shortly after my five offical visits are done. #BBN, #GoBucks, #RTR, #Allin, and #ScoDucks
just found out corona doesn't affect objects thank god i'm a woman
Imagine staying in the same house with a journalist this period. Any small update...  and see oh, Benita that's how this Corona thing..". I don turn Corona diary 
Fascinating story from ⁦ @jasondhorowitz⁩ on the  experiment in Italy to show whether people with corona antibodies can safely circulate. The fate of the global economy may hinge on it!  …
5 April at night 9 o'clock for nine minutes let's light up our hopes in the form of 'diyas' n and join hands for efforts of thousands of ppl to save lacs of lives in an unique way...It was our unity which made lock out successful it's our united efforts will defeat corona ..
You can't make this up. Pro-revolutionaries celebrating "Defeat #Corona virus" celebration in #Tehran today! With rosebuds and barbeque. Maybe they should rename it to "Come and contract Corona" party? 
Some State Governments have handled Corona in the most exemplary manner without indulging in any tokenism.  …
Effective treatment for corona virus is available  …
Gotta be a front runner for corona mask of 2020 ? 
I’M Claire! (During Corona)  
Just be sexy the corona hates that
Corona Mask Craziness #2 
#Balochistan #EnforcedDisappearance continued amid #Corona crisis. Governments all over the world are busy protecting their citizens, but #Pakistan #Military continues raids on villages, disappearing the  …
Corona got me learning how to do my own makeup 
Doctors in Sharon Hospital have placed pictures of themselves on their protection suits so that Corona victims see who is taking care of them. Even in crisis, humanity rules. #Israel RT Paula 
I think it's such bullshit that jobs aren't taking the Corona Virus seriously. If you aren't an essential work place then please fucking close. You will literally be the reason why family members get sick and will possibly die. Fucking idiots.
Hold my hand (maybe after the whole corona thing) 
Breaking: It doesn’t look like the (ADE) Antibody-Dependent Enhancement Corona vaccine is needed. @realDonaldTrump was right everybody!  … #COVID2019
This is the decision time, because the prophecy of the Corona virus has been fulfilled, and everyone can now understand that GOD is seeking the attention of the mankind, ...If my people who are called by my name shall repent... I will hear them from heaven #GrandEveningService
Raila Odinga donated 152M to help in fighting corona virus pandemic that has so far killed 4 people in Kenya. Raila stated that the money will be used to purchase necessary equipments which the government needs  the pandemic. 
Hey @jk_rowling . We made a Harry Potter Corona parody, where I edited myself into a halfblood prince scene with VFX. It's german, but has english subtitles! Would love to hear what you say about it 
Corona messing with some of y’all minds, thinking I need y’all. Tf
Wow! Are we in a state of a national lockdown sans the state of Gujarat? Is Gujarat immune to Corona? Are there exceptions just because this is PM Modi's home state? Police, CM Rupani not bothered by this jamaat? Can some 'unbiased journalists' pls retweet this?  …
It seems that the Cruise Ship industry was one of [their] intended delivery vectors for the Corona Virus. Who are the [players]? Arison (Carnival & Miami Heat) Branson (Virgin Atlantic) Does MOS film blackmail on ships legally under maritime law? Trafficking? Drugs? #QANON
my reaction to the corona 
BREAKING: Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed has recovered from Corona Virus. 
My views on Peace in Afghanistan and the Corona Pandemic  …
Imagine that, Corona-virus KILLED within 24 hours using  anti-parasitic drug... so much for Fauci's beloved vaccination and his warnings ad nauseum about a dreaded second wave.  …
Saturday in Corona-Land: Husband starts major building project in backyard. Teens wake at noon, eat Thai leftover for breakfast, play volleyball in pajamas. Me calling contacts at their homes, because they of course are all working all Saturday too. Normal life order - Gone.
During the New Year I have decided to make many great memories in 2020 but I have only left home memories. I hope the corona goes fast I don't want to end like 2020.
Finding out celebrities have corona 
Why is the government not actively engaging us on Corona solutions and how we feel about this vaccine???? They cannot speak for us when they have not spoken to us..
Tabligi Jamaatis have donated nearly 1000 corona positive patients to PM Relief Fund RETWEET if you agree that they should NOT be treated with tax payers' hard earned money
I told my boyfriend we should make today a “deep clean the apartment” day and so far I have not left bed and he is in the kitchen breaking down boxes from all 83662594 Corona Purchases I’ve made so far while playing I Will Follow You Into the Dark on the Alexa.
Filmed the new 5g masts near #harborough pumping out the #corona spores. Time to wake up 
If your a broke sub on Findom because of the corona virus, just leave Findom for a little and  back when you have more money. Stop trying to get goddesses to talk to you, it won’t happen.
The only way to get rid of the Corona virus is a military attack on the Iranian terrorist regime. The story of Malaria mosquitoes and crocodiles simply. #Mystic_Corona_Virus #RestartMIGA 
In response to corona, @cryptocom is offering 3.5% credit card fee waived for buying crypto and up to 20% cashback on essentials like groceries and food delivery (including Uber Eats, McDonald’s) & more. They’re also giving away $100k in $BTC. & their tweet to enter  …
Corona has no religion and it is about Humanity that we fight it together as one big country... @CMOMaharashtra raised a great issue and his concern... glad that my beloved country is following the footsteps of my state and our leader Shri.Uddhav ji Thackeray together we can !!!  
Denz & Renz Corona FM  Live right now For anyone at home on a wave
Covid 19 is an airborne disease. #corona This is a good video to understand why. Please wear masks to stop the spread 
IDF helping our city with food due to lock down #Corona 
PROOF-FACTS-MORE TO COME-NO MORE BULLSHIT-DEMOCRAT JUDGE bascically dismisses THEFT OF EBOLA GENETICS IN 2005 from SAME LAB that NOVAL CORONA is sent in 2019 to WUHAN CHINA -READ FOR YOURSELVES!DEMOCRAT POLICIES ENDANGER THAT IS WHAT NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED NOT @realDonaldTrump 
I finally moved out of my toxic home and I am so happy (,: When corona is over everyone  to my house warming party lmao
Just found out corona virus doesn’t affect objects, thank god i’m a woman
There was a lot of questions about the corona virus in  meeting so we decided to play a game of convo-pong to answer them as best we could. Patients questions about it were all mixed in with 'know each other' q's to avoid being too overwhelming @NQNLouD 
my aunt says you have to open a specific chapter in the quran and recite a verse over a lock of hair to cure corona, girl its not a book of spells
Short story of how life is changing corona 
Me thinking about how good life was before this corona thing 
Corona Virus is deadass ruining my life
Now The likes of Naledi Pandor are accelerating the spread of Corona Virus. What is in those vaccines? This country is full of deadly criminals who hide behind colonial titles. These Puppets are very reckless. Where did they source this vaccines? 
These the pure facts from the ex Senator of Nigeria Dino Melaye.. 5G Radiator is killing people all over the world not any Corona-Virus.. Nigeria have been bribe to Installed 5G network in Nigeria for 1billion Dollars.. 
Corona don’t give a fuck bout them rebukes, baby. She’s a bully and bout that life.  …
Imagine you fall for him/her during this quarantine. And boom one of you dies of Corona virus.  a widow and widower is easy
Shutting up #KunalKamra for good for his mocking on India's Fight Against Corona! an initiative by #NarendaraModi which is  'together' & to be 'united' & not for any personal bias or political vendetta! Watch  #IndiaFightsCorona 
“Who doesn’t want to play out? Go see clubs that are now in a European position, with the exception of Feyenoord & clubs in the relegation zone.They misuse the corona crisis for their own gain &then make it a public health statement; I’m a man who can’t take that”- Van Gaal
Me waking up and realizing corona has already scheduled my day for me  …
A diversion in these times of corona, life goes on: sunset over the Thames from Wandsworth Park. 
Me being a single bitch trying to flirt through corona 
What!!! Maharashtra is leading in corona cases. And you guys are projecting UT as if he chokslamed corona!!  …
The Outbreak of the Corona Virus & How each Candidate is handling it is Exactly Why we Need a Debate Between Joe Biden & Bernie Sanders. Biden is trying to get out of Debating Bernie. That's ridiculous. They should Debate.  …
Dr. Robert O. Young SAYS…CORONA VIRUS IS NOT A VIRUS….AND IT IS NOT CONTAGIOUS 5G and Corona: What is a virus?  PAPER:  
Do you personally know someone who has contracted corona virus?
 to the official Corona Clash twitter! We are working with @joinLANFest to bring you a 2v2 Charity Rocket League Tournament raising money to help the fight against COVID-19. We hope you'll be able to join us Friday April 10th @6pm EDT! More info soon! 
Meanwhile in the UK 25% of deaths from corona-virus are musIim. Given they are only 5% of the population, it is a pretty high percentage.
It's not Twitter, it's Black Africans.. Accross Africa, we reject his vaccine, we want to see it work in Europe first before  to Africa.. Corona is ravaging Europe not Africa
Y'all, I seriously think the wrappers got switched on the flu tests and now they say "Corona" on them and everyone has the flu. Seriously it would take a long time  up with a test in the first place! Plus all deaths are being tagged with coronavirus.
RESPECT No words to describe this picture.... Being a father, I can only shed tears of love & respect for the brave hearts policeman fighting against #Corona for our safety. #IndiaFightsCorona @narendramodi @AmitShah @HMOIndia @dpradhanbjp @PIBHomeAffairs 
Thank you Barkha Dutt for doing a story on the lack of proper PPE suits for the health care workers. Time is running out and our govts. should solve this issue asap otherwise we will loose this battle against corona once the lock down is over.
Yg literally used the corona virus to delay  If not why are their other artists  We are not that fucking stupid, miss me with that bullshit #BLACKPINK1YearOfHiatus 
@ImranKhanPTI can u now claim social distance from your sugar buddies after the inquiry report? Will you accept any donation from both for Corona fund without asking source of money? Will you let NAB use its Coronarruption Test kit on you to see if the corruption virus has hit u? 
A major reason for the spread of corona in West has been chronic cynicism, militant individualism  skepticism. "Why this, why that, where's my individual liberty"? There are situations where you can tone down your toxicity. Govt wont jail if you dont light candles  …
I shook the mechanics hand and he looked slyly at me and said "so you're not into this corona thing?" I said it was a scam. His smile got bigger and said "I didn't want to say but yes it is" and we left it at that. #ThoughtCrime
Major #DISINFECTION Drive Of Bazaars & MASAJIDS in NA22 started today to stop the spread of #Corona Alhumdolillah the State& it’s Gov is Responsible & Caring! We the meagre Servants of the State are here with our People in time of Test & Trial to tell them that WE ARE TOGETHER! 
Who is most vulnerable to corona? Only half of those in bottom quarter of US labour market have sick leave, paid vacation or paid holidays. Torsten Slok’s latest chart book at 
Can you imagine how enraged America would be if George Bush & entire @GOP weresaying 9/11 was a hoax when the first plane hit the Trade Centers? Thats exactly what @realdonaldtrump, the @gop and @foxnews did when the Corona Virus first landed on America’s shores. Some still do.
Corona means “crown” in Latin. And that’s (sort of) what the corona virus looks like under an electron microscope (it’s tiny - 125 nanometers or 0.000125mm across - 500 would fit across a human hair). Video. 
this young boy thing would have never happened if corona would’ve stayed where tf she was at because young boy was definitely supposed to be getting ready to perform at somebody concert !!!
Federal Minister for Planning, Development and Special Initiatives Asad Umar's Exclusive Interview on Hum News on Corona, Economy, Energy and the Inquiry report. . (04.04.20) @Asad_Umar 
Finally. There's a cure for corona virus. And its affordable #lockdown 
>1500 Americans died in the last 24hrs of #COVID2019, let him test it there 1st! RT @one_shu: Why in Africa and not Europe where Corona is mauling them? See what pisses God off?
Dear Suckers, Jealousy is a virus. Like #Corona is. Please Get Well Soon. #NewProfilePic 
We lost all that material , re started and things need to be mixed and masterd and rolled out perfectly , I really could care less about  y’all have no idea the kinda year we have planned out we specifically wasn’t gonna tour this year regairdless of corona  …
China asks all bats to hang upside down as a punishment for causing #Corona virus. 
HIV Congo Ebola Congo Corona controversial vaccine Congo again! Don't you guys get tired of being Guinea pigs!  …
New : Delhi state cancer institute to shift it's 48 Cancer inpatients to a Private hospital after 1 doctor and 3 nurses tested positive for Corona Virus. OPD services of the hospital already suspended. hospital is being sanitised #COVID2019
The notorious Curtis “Moldbug” Yarvin just asked me to blast out the link to his brand new piece on the Corona situation. Get it while its hot and get the word out.  …
"Wake up Australia, Death to Communism...No more sh*t from China" An Australian cow boy angry over #Corona curses China and its Communist Regime outside Chinese Embassy in Sydney. 
Bee Gees song gets a corona virus twist... a group of guys from Sweden sing about the importance of staying safe & staying indoors. “Stayin’ Inside” It’s the Corona, somebody help us... Yeah! I’m stayin’ inside! #COVID19 #StayHome 
Why to light candles & not treat Coronavirus patients more effectively, giving more medical equipments to hospitals, is the silliest thing I’ve read. Morons, these are independent activities. Lighting candles would not affect our unabated effort to fight & win the Corona battle
Well, not the weekend that was planned-instead of getting married I’ve been in work helping fight the dreaded corona! So proud of the Ward Four team today. Amazing, caring professionals! that’s my hat I take it off to them!
Any Corona infected person is a human being , a patient .Stop shaming ,treating them as devils . Tomorrow it can be anyone of us
Just passed by an absolutely packed Dairy Queen. Fuck all of you. If corona doesn’t take you... 
So today I decided to post my Sissy She'll join Twitter Next week So relax kraa Let me take this chance to Thank all nurses for their good jobs during this Corona period God bless y'all 
This Corona Lockdown is bringing back some of my talents...Obidipong bidi himself...kindly tag him and retweet till he sees this  
#PriyankaGandhi said it is imperative for India to immediately ramp up its rate of testing for corona virus and that the government must act now for the lockdown to yield results. #IndiaFightsCorona #TESTTESTTEST @MehekF @MadhuPatil836 @rkhuria  …
I’m still waiting for the politicos, international bankers, high-level law-enforcement officers, DOJ staffers etc to actually die from corona. And WHEN they don’t, then it will be crystal clear what this “live exercise” was about & who was behind it.  …
Update: My dad beat corona!  …
The corona KNOW to be done before Virgo season.
We only have to finish Corona, not water. #NBC #Coronafighters 
Me waiting for corona to go away  …
The way folks will exaggerate the corona pandemic stories to their kids and grandkids. Mens will add one or two zombie stories to spice things up.
After corona please. My dm is on quarantine mode  …
Things are not getting better...i pay the rent tomorrow and they (caf) refuse to give me help. Because of corona i have 0  Please I  I sell some of my watercolors flash sheet and I take donations  
THREAD: The final flex 1. A friend recently expressed concern about how easily the world has been herded into their homes, due to this Corona Virus issue. On social media, I hear screams of: “FEMA camps” “Compulsory Vaccines” “Totalitarian rule”
Ya Allah Accept our DUA and Save us from Corona Virus.
Why in Africa and not Europe where Corona is mauling them? See what pisses God off?
But fight against corona like Indian 
*new song* If I Were (Corona Virus) available everywhere now  
MTA Indonesia’s crew put down their cameras and picked up their face masks to join Humanity First’s disinfecting Clean the Corona campaign 
If corona cancels the 4th of July, I might cry
people: why is the corona virus still spreading me:  …
YOU CAN STILL GET A REGULAR COMMON COLD DURING THIS SEASON AND NOT HAVE CORONA VIRUS. I REPEAT: YOU CAN STILL GET A REGULAR ASS COMMON COLD GUYS, PLEASE BE SAFE BUT ALSO CHILL THE FUCK OUT WE ALREADY STRESSED OUT BITCH DAMN
I miss my life B.C. (Before Corona)
An #Indian mother has named her twins born during the #coronavirus lockdown in her country after the deadly virus. Preeti Verma, from central India, named the boy #Covid and the girl #Corona.  …
Update on Dad. After being admitted to the ER for what was either Corona or appendicitis, his appendix ruptured and is being rushed into surgery. Appreciate the love and thoughts from all of you. Going to need you to keep sending that love for a little while longer.  …
Social Distancing During Corona Pandemic Funny Video  via @YouTube
Mucit ler #çin den #cumartesi #MaskeBulamazsam #20yassokagacikmayasagi #COVID2019 #koronowirus #koronowirus #Corona #StayHome #farkındalık 
Emergency!! RETWEET!! US MAIL CARRIERS & @AMAZON delivery!! YOU BETTER Pay your Sick Employes $to go home or they're all going to Work Sick with #CORONA & spread it to Everyone on packages & deliveries!! @USPS @FedEx @AmazonHelp @Uber @Walmart  …
USA discovered the man who manufactured and sold the Corona virus to China. Dr Charles Lieber, head of the chemistry and biology department at Havard University, USA. He had been arrested according to American department sources. 
I’m sorry but I get really angry whenever I see “breaking news” about a celebrity testing positive for corona virus. The news needs to cover the nurses, doctors, and resident doctors who are DYING on the frontlines. #COVID2019 #medtwitter
Sincerely what is this? Corona what did u bring to us?? Egi nenjara nanga nekindi kintu 
When the world focusing on fight against Corona, in India organised gangs of fake news peddlers are spreading fake news like: 'Muslim men sneezing in group, licking utensil or spitting'--old, unconnected, videos of anywhere being linked to Muslims. Sick.  …
The 21-day lockdown ends on April 15th. PM @narendramodi takes stock of Corona war & urges states to draw an 'exit plan' but experts are divided on the next step. Join Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT SPL EDITION at 1 PM today. | 
my cousins in pakistan telling my mom that america created corona and honestly at this point i’m not even gonna correct them
I thought I knew African Mothers until I saw my mom heating the bread she bought from the supermarket in the oven. She said the heat will kill the Corona virus in the bread. I was shocked 
There is little if any systematic relationship between the stringency of anti-corona measures  economic fiscal stimulus. @TheEconomist  
Just found out corona doesn’t affect objects thank god im a woman
CNN didn’t claim that Corona was a hoax! HE IS A JOKE  …
Our night warriors are out again! They have spent several sleepless nights to ensure that nobody sleeps hungry! It is a long road ahead but we will not stop until #Corona is defeated! #IndiaFightsCorona #FeedTheNeedy @GautamGambhir Serving at Anand Vihar - JJ 
Uhuru Kenyatta, while defending Moody Awori, implied that the youth are thieves. Does Mutahi Kagwe want the youth in the front line so we can steal Corona Virus? U weren't there when we needed u, we won't be there when u need us. #KOTNightSpree 
Sitting and watching the world go by.I miss you all ! Peace #staypositive #staysafe #corona 
To fight against the novel Coronavirus, every staff member of SBI branch from Chandigarh Circle contributed a total amount of ₹2,31,000 for the Chief Minister Relief Fund for Corona. Let’s fight this pandemic together. #COVID19 #Coronavirus #SBIFamily 
So the USA suspend mortgage payments for a year to help deal with the Corona Virus ... @KenyaBankers Can you can do the same and allow landlords not to charge rent for a year ... Rent holiday right ? Or are Your investors greedy to care ? @KCBGroup @NCBABankKenya @KeEquityBank ?
Two of my family members are in hospital with corona so if you don’t think it’ll happen to you please get ya head out ya arse and stay the fuck indoors, the quicker people wrap their head around it the quicker it’s over
low quality webcam photos because miss corona has me locked up and I can’t go outside xxx 
A poster in Karnataka, saying “no muslim traders are allowed in this village till corona virus go”.... from a group of hindus 
when I say COVID-19 instead of Corona  …
When corona virus meets Ebola 
If the corona virus was a person it would look like my ex boyfriend
When restaurants start going bankrupt, soft chinned city journalists will dig up old “Millenials are killing X Reataurant” and replace the word Millenial with Corona Copy pasta clickbait soon
Eh so I can't cough in peace er There was cough before corona oo Now deir when my throat is itching koraa I have to swallow Tsw
Punjab to learn from Chinese best practices "China has made a remarkable achievement by effectively controlling the pandemic. On our part, we utilizing all resources to control the spread of Corona and learn from their experience. " Dr. Yasmin Rashid 
Why are Africans angry the “supposed corona virus vaccine “ is going to be tested in Africa on Africans? My qtn is, if you always wait to be fed, if u always want to be a consumer, why won’t you be used as the pawn!!!
So you guys also won’t be testing for Corona because government will install a tracking chip on you. do you know how important you had to be for any government to go that extreme? Do they want to steal your family recipes?
What a shit night. In the space of 1 hour we have been informed that the corona virus is now in my nanas care home, and a separate call to tell us that my grandads care home also has it and unfortunately he is one of the people to have caught it. My heart hurts I am so scared
Corona beer halts production during coronavirus pandemic  
My cousin posted this on Instagram about the Corona Virus. They live in California. Please read. 
#Corona, #VS en #Trump in 
Corona beer is halting production because you guys can’t discern between a beer and an unfortunately named virus. That’s like not using a first aid kit because you think you’ll get full blown AIDS. Deliver it to my house, @corona.
Joe Biden makes NO sense at all. It is naked pandering. We need #MedicareForALL for ALL sicknesses - not just for the Corona virus. Make note of it #Wisconsin
NOOOOO BROFFINA GOT CORONA #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
Excellent analysis from simple definition of subsidy , to highlighting the joint ventures b/w industrialists @politicians . This publication should be called IK’s corona killing move..as if Ik able to eliminate them from the system , he will win the war bigger than Covid 19.  …
Please install Arogya setu app by GOI, it is related to Corona chain, just like Singapore..  …
“Whatever it takes”? National fiscal responses to corona will reinforce the dangerous asymmetries in the EZ. And so far the only answer is the ECB. NOT what Draghi envisioned in 2012!  
Correction: four-fifths of Corona cases may be asymptomatic. A mild illness for many. We need the antibody test ASAP so those who have had it can kick-start the economy so our kids have a future. #coronavirus
Thanks a ton to Rahul Gandhi If he wasn't there entire medial staff and govt would have been so clueless about Corona.  …
apparently during the corona pandemic the labor party is trying socialism distancing
Getting myself tested for Corona Virus tomorrow, please pray for me guys. I’m pretty sick.
Why are we afraid of corona virus as we know it is just  flu?  …
To all the people that said “there’s no evidence racial disparities in COVID impact exist.” I represent the most impacted neighborhoods in the country: Corona & East Elmhurst. These are overwhelmingly Black & Latino neighborhoods. Louis Armstrong’s house is here.  …
B.C. stands for "Before Corona"?
Corona war erupts as Germany, Canada accuse US of hijacking supplies  via @TOIWorld
idk who COVID19 is, but she doesn’t seem like too good of a person, i hope she gets corona and dies
Pray for me y'all. My pops just tested positive for corona virus, and I've been in contact with him so I'm expecting to get it any day now
I don't believe in big foot, ghosts, the lockness monster, or aliens but something doesn't seem right about Corona
Saw Kate Upton trending, thought she had corona 
 | WATCH | Corona se p**s! Man arrested after bragging about 'doing tik' in front of Pretoria police station  …
Ya Allah let this rain wash away all the illnesses especially Corona virus amin.
Takle @OfficeofUT instead of giving them so much money you could have donated the same amount for corona relief fund. 
Protect yourself, mask your face and smash fascism! #Corona #CoronaVirus #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #CoronaCrisis #CoronaPandemic 
Proud of the @JNJInnovation @JNJNews @JLABS #Technology and #DataScience teams supporting and mentoring over 2000 hackers fighting Corona Virus in this weekends #MITCOVID19Challenge #COVID19 
Can’t wait to go Hakkasan after corona is finished With the £10,000 a month I’m saving right now, I’ll be able to drive the Lambo there as soon as it’s open Have to drink some Ace of Spades to ease the pain
Correction: Every 3rd corona patient is from Tablighi Jammat.
Im tired of this corona shit. Media trying to shove it down your throat every day. It's turning into a social experiment for the govt. and economic exploitation for the mega rich. I dont care who is to blame. Not even worth arguing over. Normies out here getting irritated now.
America situation is very critical, they might surpass Italy death toll in next few days. May God protect America & their citizens. #covid19 #corona 
If corona not gone by this summer then me and the glizzy just gon handle it fr
Y’all 400m runners lucky they shut the Olympics down. I’ve been secretly training to drop this 43. , corona spared y’all.
#Berlin before the Corona crisis and today. The restrictions have been imposed on public life. People are only supposed to congregate in twos or with the other members of their household. Due to extensive restrictions there are far fewer people on the streets of Berlin. 
Many citizens/organisations are donating to #PMCaresFunds and #Corona #ReliefFunds. Some do it quietly. Others boast about it on #Media and #SocialMedia. Isn't donation/charity a private matter...? Why publicize it...? #Donation #Charity #COVID #CoronaReliefFund #CSR #PR #Ethics
No, Juju doesn't need vaccination, but definitely Cyril. Infact Cyril must be given concentrated corona 
Honestly couldn’t be more thankful for my amazing friends !! can’t wait for corona to be over so I can give em all a big snog
She said she rather catch corona then feeling for me Ima cough on her
Corona really trying to ruin my hoe summer. I mean WHOLE summer
Those goddamn scooters are partly to blame for spreading Corona. They have to be. Thanks  to my Jen Talk.
Corona. Got impressed with theirs gesture shown towards the needy society.kudos to both of you. @DelhiPolice @DCPNewDelhi @rohini_sgh @PMOIndia @LtGovDelhi 
Which would be an appropriate hashtag to describe those who are serving people against all odds & displaying exceptional kindness & generosity towards needy people during #COVID19Pandemic. #Corona #Covid #Lockdown21 #SocialDistancing #COVID2019 #IndiaFightsCorona #COVIDー19
BLACKPINK cb got delayed couz of corona but their dome tour continued also their boy groups keep having cb nothing effecting like i know you have problem with women just be more clear btch #BLACKPINK1YearOfHiatus #블랙핑크_공백기_1주년 @ygofficialblink 
Many of you may know me as @Freeyourmindkid but I am starting this page as an effort to pool money for people who are having trouble paying their bills during the corona crisis. My ultimate goal is to find enough people who are willing to contribute small sums of money to follow
I don't have a lot, but I have a friend who needs my help, during this Corona Virus. So I shared the food & the few dollars I could give to her. Tears was in her eyes, when I made her take the items. I asked her, "Remember Bill Withers song, LEAN ON ME?"  …
This Corona virus is not “fake” like some of you “woke” people are saying on social media. Lost a family member to it a few days ago.
Jeffrey Epstein died from Corona virus
I don't think 5G causes corona but I do think that the officials who lied about the effectiveness of masks for months are also lying about how good an understanding they have of the long-term health impact from blasting people with extremely high frequency radio waves.  …
America: Corona is a serious virus, stay home, it’s not only affecting ppl with underlying health issues and the elderly it affects everyone STAY HOME Italy: 
#ChennaiCorporation to deploy 16000 workers for daily door-to-door #Corona screening for 90 days #Chennai has 88 positive cases, highest in #TamilNadu #coronaupdatesindia #COVID19outbreak
Corona virus has showed us that we need to build more hospitals than churches/mosques If truly there's a God who created humans & answered prayers. Pastor Chris should go to hospitals to pray & heal people with coronavirus instead of talking nonsense about 5G #5GinNigeriaBants
Guys, so I just discovered that money is part of the pathophysiology of the spread of the Corona virus. When you have money, you are exposed to "money rays" which is dangerous and can damage your lungs. So please, send me the money. I'll hold it for everybody. Love you all.
Wouldn't it be funny if the cure for Corona Virus was on  and the FBI can't admit they have it?
Well folks, it’s finally happened. A woman in New Delhi, India gave birth to twins and named them Corona and Covid.  …
If Pelosi was handed the cure for Corona....She would hold it ransom until she got every single Socialist bill she wants passed and our borders opened.... #SaturdayThoughts Democrats don’t care how many of us die
CORONA CRAZY: THE 12 MOST INSULTING ATTACKS ON TRUMP OF THE WEEK  …
I never thought that i’d witness this day. I was making sure all my family members are being safe and not leaving their homes and forgot about the ones living abroad. Jeddo Toni caught corona and is now being hospitalized in Marseille. He caught it because he had to go to the-
Chandigarh: 90 jail inmates contribute Rs 1.1 lakh to fight corona  via 
For some Fiberals, keeping black DP for terror attack in Syria, Italy & anywhere around is Logical. But lighting the diya in India for corona disaster is illogical!
I remember when “BC” stood for “Before Christ”.... now it stands for “Before Corona” 
Corona really fucking the money up. I hate it here
For all those who are abusing @OfficeofUT that he’s not fighting Corona Virus enough. See he has donated 
If you read nothing else about the fight against Corona, please read this:  …
Barrack obama takes swipe at Trump's handling of the corona virus response: but understand this, The day the United States declared a national health emergency for H1N1 Obama went golfing. Never replaced medical supplies, waited till 1,200 died before doing anything.
Wake up Check corona virus death count Ruin my mood Make breakfast
The Rest of the world is not happy that Africa isn’t recording High death rates due to Corona
NDTV Does it again A Sikh Spiritual Singer dies of corona  about improper treatment Not a single mention of - PUNJAB GOVT - CAPT. AMRINDER SINGH - PUNJAB - CONGRESS Hiding the  of the state just because it has a CONGRESS govt 
This corona and African parents don’t mix bruh. How tf am I gulping anointing oil
And then, one more fold (thanks Corona-Twitter), folding in the ends and tucking one end into the other. 
10 days on, and my mind is  to terms with someone calling me Ireland's "corona data daddy"... 
It's Corona-19, which means that there's a least 18 of these other ones "Oh Yeah" - a doctor 
-1st world leader to call a regional conference like SAARC on #COVID19 & plan a G20 summit via VC -India has evacuated many Citizens from various global Corona hotspots -Global organization like WHO praising India for its decisive leadership  COVID #ModiTheWorldLeader
I heard they sent the cure for Corona to your server....Care to share it with us.??  …
$Calz16 I got kicked out of my dorm bc of corona and I only have enough money for 2 more nights before I’m on the street. Plz help
The #Ministry_of_Health (MOH) announces death of a 72-year-old citizen with coronavirus (COVID-19), which is the second Corona virus death in the country . MOH extends its deepest condolences to the family of the deceased. 
The humanitarian damage caused by the Corona Virus in the world is irreparable. The government's first priority should be the necessary medical check up, vigilance, and precautions that help to minimize the damage. And not to forget poor and needy people for their daily needs.
if i end up getting corona ik for a fact my mom gonna say “it’s cuz u been on that phone too much”
It is time to take care of humanity! In the corona virus pandemic, there are 300K political prisoners in Turkey prisons! #ŞiddeteBulaşmayanlaraTahliye
Corona is roaming freely and nobody is able to stop it. And as per study more males d!ed due to corona than females. Damn corona is feminist.
When you get sick but your symptoms don’t match with Corona 
I’m supposed to birth a baby within the next two weeks and w everything going on I think I can say that I’m literally more scared of this corona than the actual labor&delivery of having a baby and I’m just like my anxiety is going tf off
Bitches need to understand that it is April. I don’t have a the corona virus Susan when I sneeze it’s called allergies.
Corona is exposing who was really in they bag and who wasn’t.
Bill Gates is looking for Guinea pigs to test corona virus vaccine on. Would it not make sense to do this in countries where the virus has done the most damage? I don't get it. @CyrilRamaphosa @BillGates @gatesfoundation
i would rather get corona, chief  …
211 vehicles seized for lockdown violations .. I AM NOT HAPPY .. ARE YOU?? Don't play with lives of fellow  with instructions.. save yourself and Don't risk others lives to the CORONA pandemic... We will not hesitate to go all the way to enforce... STAY HOME..
Our pre and post corona life 
This week a beloved pastor in Memphis died of #corona his choir came outside his house to encourage the family. Transparently I been so engaged with work of ministry that I needed this cry to taken in the impact on…  …
Lies and photo ops won't help anyone this period. Like my friends in Ibadan will say Corona Virus doesn't ask for your political party. Let's all hold government accountable this period and leave politics.  …
As per ICMR, 11,182 Corona samples tested today. 324 found positive. Total Tests: 79,950 Total positive: 3113 #StayHomeStaySafe
Two fascist pandemic joint hands together.  to fight corona. When @narendramodi fights covid with Plates and candle lights, Bonsolaro is not even sure that such a pandemic is existing or not. Made for each other. Let's wait and see how right wing party goes on.  …
1st 1000 cases in India: 56Days 2nd 1000 cases in India: 5Days 3rd 1000 cases in India: 2Days Every 5th Corona Virus Positive Patient In India is from The Tablighi Jamaat, as of 4th April 2020. Yes Every 5th Corona Patient. Now say it after me, Hail secularism.
■Stop injecting frustration into society! ■Solder of the promised savior will never disappoint! ■All of Iran is the promised savior soldiers! We defeat Corona Inshallah #Hopidemy #ThePromisedSaviour 
All this food talk got me wanting to throw the maddest UG BBQ after all this corona business is done
Say W.H.O na new world order But when they were giving your country free Vaccines to end polio Free ARVs for HIV Fore  Ebola. Suddenly cos of Corona WHO na the anti christ Getting you
After listening to an address by a politician in Ghana who said that Governments have experts that can resurrect dead economies but not dead people, I agreed that we need to let governments do their part in protecting their people from Corona Virus .
"Corona will go and Ramadan  they've  with this years edition... only a few more weeks left 
Guys, they said y’all are Corona.  …
LET EM KNO WE ON THE WAY Saturday Oct. 3rd we gon have a party We were supposed go up tonight, but corona virus said stay tf home we gon cook up some new music + visuals for y’all in the meantime! Next General Conference we runnin it back • The HurryUP! Camp • 
We're essentially grounded... If I had to choose now between being grounded & a spanking, I'd take the latter... Can we all just take our spankings & get back to life? #coronavirus #COVID2019 #Corona
Drashti Dhami shares a still from Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka as she does the Corona prayer in daily soap style -  … #DrashtiDhami #Coronavirus
everyone meditate and visualize corona going away and positivity for humanity at 10:45 EST tonight LETS GET IT!!
Agniveer Gaurakshaks along with Police caught a pick-up with 2,800 kg Beef in Mangrol Taluka, Kosadi Village. While the country is busy fighting with corona, these butchers are still cutting cows and humiliating majority. Naman to Bharat Bhai & team for yet another feat. 
This My HERO NOT!! Corona Virus #หมากปริญ #COVID2019 
Running Awareness Campaigns during Routine Raids.... #Fight_Against_Corona 
God u r great. How this Corona humiliated US, China &:other so called UNSC dictators of their Nuclear arsenal. Running for their life now.Where is UNO?Who is caring 4 world now. Corona arrived late.Shd  in mediaeval era to teach lessons to all Christian & Muslim invaders
Delhi Finance Minister @msisodia has asked Central Govt for a disaster fund for Delhi. Center released ₹17000 Cr frm Disaster Fund for states to fight Corona,but didn’t give a single rupee to Delhi. It’s time to unite. Such discrimination with Delhi is unfortunate : 
We have been calling Dr Drew out as a denialist of benzo withdrawal for a while now. Somehow I find it strangely validating that he's a corona denier too. We need a new wave of mental health experts on TV. Him, Dr Phil and the rest are stuck in 1991 
Neither they or nor you fear #corona here!  …
5G network operates from about 24Ghz - 90GHz, UV radiation is approximately 30PHz, that is, about 1mil times the frequency of of 5G. Man has been basking in UV radiation from the sun from time immemorial & it didn't cause corona virus. Please use your brain
Alkhidmat Foundation Pakistan Received A Cheque of PKR 1 Million For Corona Relief Fund By #Superior #university Lahore. 
So this is the actual truth.. Modiji wants to celebrate BJP's foundation day.. Why to hide behind #Corona ? Will this candles bring light to lives of the poor suffering from #LockdownWithoutPlan 
Have you heard about our Corona Kindness campaign? If you, or someone you know is currently in need of help, get in touch - email helpneeded@blackpool.gov.uk or call 0808 196 3080 If you'd like to help those who need a little extra support, email helpoffered@blackpool.gov.uk 
Sons bday is next week unfortunately with corona virus he can’t have a party so we gave him an early surprise. I don’t know who had more fun though lol 
A doctor taking out a corona virus patient to watch the sunset humanity of the highest rank 
Thanks #Corona For Clearing All The Cobwebs Of Confusion And Telling One And All Who Are The Friends Of Corona And Enemies Of Bharat.
Twitter is ground zero for moral grand standers on their high horses, this corona situation is no different. no discussion, no alternate viewpoints, just agree with what the vocal minority says with no dissent.
While we battling with corona, Nigeria SARS are busy harassing boys BC of weed pictures on their phones. Smh
The deadline to submit evidence on how #COVIDー19 is impacting EU citizens in the UK (and those stranded abroad) has been extended, we can add more issues. If you are an EU/EEA/Swiss citizen affected by the Corona Virus please email us at: research@the3million.org.uk /end 
I can’t believe a mother named her twins Covid and Corona. Those kids are gonna be bullied their whole life smh
Trump Feb 10: "The Corona Virus will miraculously disappear by April" Grabber, I'm in isolation and have lost track of time. Please remind me what month this is?  …
Most hated after Corona 
Ppl think gas is affordable now cuz of corona virus not the literal war going on between Saudi Arabia and Russia shows how powerful the media is
Why does Corona keep skipping the assholes ?
Our response to CoronaVirus (COVID - 19) - Report Date: 4 April 2020, 7:00 PM *The confirmed Corona cases are as reported by the Ministry of Public Health 
sebenarnya corona virus ni is not only making people sick , it's also making people stupid i said what i said
I have it on good authority that the government is preparing to issue every American corona virus protection gear... 
IDENTIFY ME I steal your cows I butcher them & eat I burn buses & trains I pelt stones at soldiers I spit at doctors I walk naked in front of nurses I assault Asha workers I spread corona to the nations I burst crackers when Pakistan wins viaWA
Any one can translate this ? I just understand Corona virus 
Someone finally opened the corona virus Wikipedia page  …
Guess who bought stock in body bags? Kelly Loeffler the Don Corona queen  …
Many European countries will never allow the names of the kids as #COVID and #Corona - But, that freedom at least India has!  …
Serious tention among PM House & #PTI ranks, These  have no strategy to counter #Corona crisis,time  to decide Who will be “ IN” & who will be “ out “.
Man my granny just beat corona while fightin cancer too. Man this shit feel good.
distributed Face Mask, Hand Sanitisers, gloves and daily essential food items to protect from Corona Virus to people living in roadside huts in Harbour Constituency. I visited their place and handed over the safety kit and food items including rice, dhal, oil, bread, biscuit. 
BREAKING NEWS ALERT Pakistan army plans to use Corona victims ( Tablighi groups) as "corona suicide bombers" against India. #india #COVID2019 @majorgauravarya @rawnksood @TimesNow @htTweets @IndiaToday @ANI @Live_Hindustan @IndianDiplomacy
somebody just used BC as 'Before Corona' in conversation
negatif corona positif insomnia.
Now is a good time to set up a twitter handle purely dedicated to tracking and curating Corona virus transformations (digital, governance, societal, political etc) Better if it is specific to Africa/ region Keep it neat and to the point Good luck stranger!
Whatever you've been doing since the outbreak, delaying travel bans, imposing heavily armed soldiers in townships etc it's in that Bill Gates video of 2015 and what Gardaffi talked about before he died Thank you Mr president #covid19 #AfricanIsNotAnExperiment #corona 
"There's a race between biology & memory loss. If corona  back in waves & another virus doesn't follow, memory loss will win. Then the next much more lethal virus really destroys our economy & society. This is war, but let it not be WWI"  …
Ram ji telling laxman and sita ma to stay back is the lockdown.Then marich ki maya & bhabhi ki baat se laxman ji goin out is essential kaam. But then sita ji defying the laxman rekha to stop the SAADHU from giving shrap is also essential kaam. So her getting abducted is Corona?
Full lockdown is the most effective way to stop corona spread in Kenya. But effectiveness must be balanced with contextual practicalities. E.g. How do you enforce lockdown when only 25% of households have piped water and the rest fetch water from rivers or public waterpoints.
Solution To #Corona Don't Trust Them. Don't Touch Them. Don't Go Near Them.
corona without co is my mood rn
Let's Unite and Fight #Corona - CM 
We need suspension of debt services, if not a full Corona Debt Jubilee!  …
Only met this fellow once. Spent a morning with him & Scott Wilson in San Antonio awhile back... both of them sweet, genuine guys. Listen to Robert's sage advice here! #corona  …
Today's #GrandEveningService has began on a very POWERFUL note... No one can miss as we take off to understand the times we are living in, even amidst the Corona Virus judgment of the LORD YAHWEH. Confirm, where are you tuned from blessed people? 
dear corona... please stay away from hot girl summer part 2. sincerely, a hot girl..
This is not a imaginary work of fiction that I am defining. You can mock it at your own peril. These men are evil but not gods. They have the power & technology today to do great damage but they can be resisted & tables turned against them. Corona is the declaration of war!
If after corona virus she  to your house of he doesn't call you  over, just know you're not the main the main!!
Corona’s new lexicon: Covid-19 Furlough Social distancing Droplets Quarantini Zoom Lockdown Houseparty Self-isolating Underlying health condition Yours?
A couple in India have named their twins born amid the global #coronavirus pandemic Corona and Covid 
Wishing Carrie Symonds a speedy recovery from corona virus, good to hear she is feeling better 
Catch up on all the #TeenSlang the kids are using during quarantine, such as: “corona bae,” “carbio,” and “twerking from home.” 
It’s bullshit. Yes the 5G waves may be strong enough to harm people around it but it isn’t in anyway related to the corona virus. I wrote an article on 5G September 2019 and I never knew it would create such buzz. Actually the developers were honest enough about the wave’s danger
The problem with the Corona Truther narrative is that they're going to  up with explanations for every event like this. It isn't one big 'Black Swan' event but a multitude of small crisis's that each require an ever  explanation.  …
This new attack, spearheaded by Canadian alt-media loser Leigh Stewy, began the instant I posted proof (h/t @AntiCorruptIre) that Channel 4 news is using Medical Simulation video in its coverage of Corona Virus hospitals. #NotSoTrustedVoice. I SEE YOU.  …
Together we shall win this war against the scourge of Corona. @assampolice  to well being of the people of Assam. That’s   …
Germany fails its heroes – 2,300 hospital workers infected with Corona  
Hope they stay corona free and safe x
Or go to their websites, most have links for Corona assistance with paying bills
Corona virus really a Gemini
Anyone Broke?! RETWEET this! Don't just pay bills. Almost all  are stopping payments for 3 months,  phones too. Call them to negotiate! Say you can't pay due to #Corona Google Unemployment,food stamps, small business funding
So now see the entire EcoSystem being built in the post Corona world. Nano Technology & metals impregnated through Vaccines would be lit up & broken down through 5G Radiations to create controllable human behavior, which will also be kept under global surveillance for all times. 
The GOI has introduced the Aarogya Sethu app. Despite concerns expressed by privacy activists, it could be a useful tool in corona times where technology meets with a health emergency to provide valuable information. Well done!  …
An Italian doctor was killed by her male partner b/c he thought she had infected him with Corona. If there is one thing we can count on, even in the midst of so much uncertainty, is that men of all ilk will continue to beat and kill women.  …
do me a favor and reply to this with a group(s) of people who are struggling the most during this time of unemployment due to the corona virus please I am going to go live for as long as I possibly can and start a venmo and maybe the people who aren’t hurting financially can help
BREAKING: Andhra Pradesh reports 12 new corona positive cases. Total cases rises to 192.
Usually, the weekend before #Easter, Norwegians would be on their way to their cabins. This year, due to the corona virus, things need to be different and we have to stay at home. What do you usually do on Easter? #dreamnowvisitlater⁠ : Sverre 
Rocking aortic bioprosthetic valve, infective endocarditis in corona days @kahvecimd @drzgezdentok1 @unlu__serkan @NMerke @GARCIAEDINSON95 @leylaelifsade @ANazmiCalik 
Nadia is in her 70’s been in ITU for nearly a week with corona.She sat out for first time yesterday whilst still on NIV! I was privileged enough to help her on her journey to getting back to walking her dog! (photo and name with consent) @UHSFT @UHS_CritCare 
BREAKING: 44 new corona positive cases in Telangana today. Total no. of cases 272.
Have you wondered why the corona virus? Well, ask no more; The One who prophesied the Corona virus is addressing the church of CHRIST. You are  to tune in 
After Corona, Sadly we will STILL HAVE Corruption Tribalism Racism Nepotism Moody Awori CS Mutahi Kagwe Uhuru Kenyatta Youths Mary Wambui Munya Volunteer Raila Odinga HELB 
Nonsense, The other day apostle Suleiman was preaching one rubbish WhatsApp broadcast about corona virus. Your pastors will rather believe made up internet nonsense than use Wikipedia.. Idiots
Doing our part to keep our milk truck drivers safe... We're following strict, mandatory protocols to help #PlanktheCurve which includes disinfecting our milkhouse before and after each milk pick-up. #teamwork #Corona 
Choose A Topic Let's Talk Dads Breakups Countries S£x 2020 Careers Cars Dreams Hobbies Memories Love Animals Moms Secrets Movies First Kiss Worst Memories T Or D Parties Music Life Problems WhatsApp Twitter Instagram Facebook Lectures Campus College Corona 2021
corona 100,000 to 300,000 in a week in US bruh
Modi continues his vendetta politics against @ArvindKejriwal, even during the pandemic. Centre allocated 17,000 crores for all states amid corona crisis, but didn't allocate a single rupee for Delhi. Shame on this Government! Don't stoop so low, not at least in this crisis.
It's all lies. Mainstream media airing footage of mannequin on respirator trying to pass it off as a real corona virus patient. "I’m trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You’re the one that has to walk through it." Link  
Caller: "And if you notice, it's Corona 19. Which means there's at least 18 other ones." Dr. Drew: "Oh, yeah!" The "19" is because it started in 2019. Not because there are 19 of them.
Why TF are they trying to test the Corona vaccine in Africa like they did with the Pfizer?Isn’t it better to test it where the virus is much? Or Are Africans lab rats? SMH
early-ish eu friendly stream talking abt corona  
Corona's an operation created by the Chinese bourgeois 
Corona is outside your door ... don’t go out 
Marriage in times of Corona. Two marriages were solemnised at a Gurudwara in Phase 4 Mohali on Saturday. The 'baaraat' for one of them came from Gurdaspur with four guests. Total 13 people in attendance including the couples. 
Okay I’m ready to move to a farm with a pretty person, lots of animals and no corona.
Ecuador’s emergency medical services are totally overwhelmed by Corona virus and victims’ bodies line the sidewalks, but the US puppet government of Ecuador reports only 172 deaths. Don’t expect US intelligence agencies or mass media to look into this blatant cover up.  …
South Korea launched 5G first, and boast about a 70% coverage yet the outbreak didn't start there. In fact they aren't top 10 in total number cases of Corona virus. #5GinNigeriaBants
Next IRL stream when corona is over 
#टीवी_देखना_बंद_करो Stay at Ur Home but Don't waste your time to watch the TV ....IT is dangerous as #Corona .. So ... #टीवी_देखना_बंद_करो @HansrajMeena  
So I’m going to state the obvious. Corona B and the Backyardigans don’t like black girls. Particularly brown or dark skin. Anything darker than her. I just saw a Backyardigan call a dark skin barb “ugly”. This is nearly a daily occurrence. Always the black girl barbs...
I want corona to end so we can all get back to normal praying for everyone affected
THE DEMOCRATS ALWAYS CHEAT! They think the American people are stupid & wanted to use the Corona Crisis to push their latest voter fraud scam of MAIL-IN VOTES! Trump shot that idea down Retweet if you agree everyone show Voter ID & VOTE in person! I DO Follow 
Can the Corona virus just fuck off now I miss away days #NUFC 
AIGHT, I NEED YALL TO CLICK THE LINK ONE TIME. IT'S CORONA TIME 
First God sent Corona "to punish ppl for having abortions" (DUP) now we're told Trump is his "representative on Earth". God's a bit of a twat isnt he? 
Baloch men r in constant worry as well as for their women because in Baloch society not only men rather women are not safe from the another corona virus #Pakistan & in Balochistan there is not a day that PakArmy does not abduct or kill a Baloch. #Covid19PakBioWeaponAgainstBaloch
We have an  database of the most vulnerable citizens at district level and consistently are enhancing it. Through this database we will make cash payments on merit basis from the Corona Relief Fund. #COVID2019 
Idk what’s worse, getting the corona virus or listening to West Indian parents tell you about the virus
Arizona now has 2,019 cases of corona. 1,171 of them are in Maricopa county. PLEASE STAY SAFE EVERYONE!! #coronavirus #arizona
Neighbours a few doors along are having a BBQ. They’re all pissed up and singing “We are the World” on repeat. If they keep it much longer it won’t be the Corona virus that wipes them out. #FetchMyHuntingRifle
So both my sisters have now gone back to their ex’s, despite my objections. (One was before all this corona nonsense, one during) Does anyone have any ‘got back together with my ex and lived happily ever after’ stories?
Tackling the 5G Corona conspiracy nonsense is made harder by years of politicians telling people that their cracked pate theories about immigration, etc are “legitimate concerns” just because they have them and that any experts who counter with facts are an evil elite.
One more drug found to be effective against corona virus. Hope they are right and soon emerge as victorious  …
EVERYBODY  into contact with Donald Trump or Mike Pence will be given 15-minute test for corona...  …
Corona Virus Pandemic and the lockdown will inflict a devastating blow on our economy. Have decided to form a 'Vision  with Shri @RV_Deshpande as chairman & MP @rajeevgowda as convener to list suggestions on how to effectively tackle the economic slowdown.
if i could get prayers sent my way, my sister is pregnant & tested positive for corona.. just a quick prayer is all !
Black Coffee's Solidarity Fund has raised a $1,070 thus far for @SolidarityRSA to assist in anyway with the Corona Virus. #CoronavirusPandemic Find out more about the solidarity fund and how to donate here:  
yall are so annoying with ur "saifah and zon aren't even main characters anymore" jokes.. acting like saifah and zon didnt get the most screentime along with  to the other pairings and as if the directors didnt explain that the lack of screentime is bc of corona.
Fuck you corona I wanna go on a date
Y’all don’t seem to be getting this. There will be no back to “normal.” That’s OVER! Done. This world will be split Pre Corona and Post Corona. Y’all still think all will be well in a few weeks. EVERY SYSTEM IS FAILING. Wake up!
Please what are the symptoms of Corona virus?? My girlfriend has been vomiting since morning, should I isolate myself from her? 
6) Officials at CDC/HHS/FDA have been derailed repeatedly by demands from Jared Kushner for ill-conceived corona projects.
Imagine Corona reducing you to getting quarantined at a dorm?
Patologista sério entende que é importante separar morte COM corona de morte POR corona: In other words, he suggests that the crude figure for ‘Covid deaths’ is three times higher than the number who have actually been killed by Covid-19.  …
US oligarchy is weaponizing Corona virus to exacerbate crises that have existed for decades. This kind of imagery is familiar to anyone paying attention to everyday poverty in the US, albeit with shorter lines. Our job is to make sure this never happens again, pandemic or not.  …
How on earth has the Grand National been allowed to go ahead with the corona virus spreading, look at all those people in the background! Makes my blood BOIL 
Corona Na Scam In Naija No Cure But People Are Discharged. Na Miracle or Magic?
Raymond Reddington’s silence on the Corona Virus outbreak has me very worried 
Our teams are working on identifying sensitive clusters. Lock down will not be successful if we fail to provide people with food at their doorstep, like China did in Wuhan. Hence we have our Corona Tiger Force to help us reach the underprivileged. 
"Corona 19, meaning there's been at least 18 other ones" and Drew agrees with the caller... IT WAS DISCOVERED IN 2019, THAT'S WHY IT'S COVID-*19*.
Corona came to the wrong continent! 
Muslims hit far harder by Corona than the natives.Give it a couple of weeks and that'll be our fault too...  …
Modi continues his vendetta politics against @ArvindKejriwal, even during the pandemic. Centre allocated 17,000 crores for all states amid corona crisis, but didn't allocate a single rupee for Delhi. Shame on this Government! Don't stoop so low, not at least in this crisis.
WE WILL DESTROY YOU CORONA  …
1st Sunday: Clap 2nd Sunday: Candle 3rd Sunday: Cake Happy Birthday Corona
Me when this Corona shit is over 
When #TablighiJamaat caught spreading Corona.. this mf wants to take us back to about migrants whom @ArvindKejriwal chased away from  …
corona lock down daily dip a sable doing what a sable does 
The #HomeBrewed Livestream residency w/ @RealBlackCoffee starts tonight. 12PM, LA / 3PM, NYC / 9PM, JNB Feel free to donate as he is raising funds for SA's Solidarity Fund to assist in anyway with the Corona Virus. #WeAreOne Visit  to 
GOV'T POST 9/11: Invisible enemy is everywhere, must give up all rights, liberties to 'keep us all safe'. Dissent: unpatriotic GOV'T POST CORONA: Invisible enemy is everywhere, must give up all rights, liberties to 'keep us all safe'. Dissent: dangerous #coronavirus #COVID19
Delhi dy CM Manish Sisodia writes to Union Finance Minister N. Sitharaman - "Centre gave Rs 17,287 Crores to States as relief assistance to fight Corona virus, but not a single rupee to Delhi." 
On that video surfacing showing people gathering and saying “F—- the corona virus” etc in OTR @GovMikeDeWine says, “Very dangerous. Vast majority of Ohioans doing a great job on distancing. Thanks to mayor Cranley , PD’s , sheriff and health Dept for their great work.” @FOX19
X1 REBOOT CORONA DISBAND.
Something ain’t adding up with this whole corona virus thing.
Learn how to wear and remove a mask as taught by Dr. Mary Beth Maritim. We are in this together. Tukomeshe Corona. #komeshacorona #COVID19KE 
#VERIFIED Number of samples tested in India-79950 Samples tested today-11,182. Highest in a day. Yesterday- 10034 A total of 3113 corona positives till date Took 4 days to go from 1k to 2k & 2 days to touch 3k Deaths till date-75 These are offical figs from govt
May ALLAH Almighty keep you, your family & your loved ones safe & healthy from #CORONA Virus, all evils & diseases. Aameen @eLearningMQI by Minhaj-ul-Quran International (Official) WhatsApp #: +92-321-642-8511   
RIP DANIEL: A man, 34, who suffered bipolar disorder has taken his own life after being unable to cope with self-isolation during the #COVID19 pandemic. Daniel Furniss died last week after struggling with the lockdown. #coronavirus #corona  …
Even in this quarantine period see as pesin eyes bulge out . This boredom is entering another level I swear. Corona please na you’ve done enough you can go now 
In hours of crisis, nation’s strength needs to be focused on defeating Corona. PM's thoughtless announcement of “switching lights & Light A Candle/ Diya" are feared to cause disaster of nationwide breakdown of electricity. GoI is on damage control! 
Only Arundhati Roy can write 2345679632 words on #coronavirus without mentioning China:) You can be forgiven if you thought Corona is a Brahminical disease which finds its genesis in caste system:) You got to love Godess of zero intellect - Ms. Roy
After this corona thingy you will learn that money is made to take care of u not for u to take care of it because it  useless to have it but not having a place to spend it
Update : #Maharashtra corona positive cases stands at 635 and as of now 32 people lost their lives due to Covid 19.
It’s incredible how the corona crisis is really demonstrating the feasibility and necessity of previously “radical” policies; M4A, Universal Basic  gov’t issued GFs, mandated sick pay
Pope is reluctant to shaking hands or refraining people to kissing his ring in the time of pandemic Corona. It’s really funny. 
maybe if millennials weren’t addicted to their phones all the time the corona virus wouldn’t exist. staying inside all day being lazy just makes you weaker. get off your phone and go outside. live life!
you’d think republicans would take corona more seriously since their entire voter base is about to d!e
 let's mourn Ohio State And tweets to all who graduate While our moneys refunding still With Joy which corona Alone can kill Spring breaks length Our hometowns old The semesters passed We're zoom enrolled Time and change Will surely show How firm thy WiFi O-God-No  …
I have teamed up with @sikanderbizenjo & @BanariMengal & volunteers in various districts of Balochistan under BYAC (Balochistan Youth Against Corona) @BYACBalochistan we are raising funds for providing ration to the needy people of the province & protective gear. 
Why doesn't he test out on the new corona vaccine on his kids before telling the public to do it?  …
Social distancing is not all about protecting yourself from the Corona Virus, Social Distancing is also there so we reduce the rapid rate of this highly contagious virus but what do I know, twendeni tukafanye kazi!!!!!  …
Neoliberalism in action: Emergency medical services in Guayaquil, Ecuador continue to be totally overwhelmed by Corona virus. A corpse was left on a bench in the street with a sign saying they called 911 and help never came. 
HATE CORONA? LOVE TO PARTY? 
Must Check Pin Tweet ✓ Maybe She is from South •Foot Gagging • Video Lenght ✓ 12Min Retweet This Video to get Full Video #Indianfemdom #Indianfemdomvideo Please Drop msg after doing retweet in Dm/Inbox Follow ✓ @Indianfemdomboy ←Stay Safe From Corona→ 
"This man was deliberately aiming at my face and shouted ‘corona.’ He could clearly identify a ‘chinky,’ a race deemed inferior than that of the mainland Indians." @KimiColney reports:  #CoronavirusPandemic
Mexico stops brewing Corona beer, deemed non-essential  …
Lockdown orders in 1918 to prevent spread of Spanish Influenza, which must be twin brother/sister of corona virus. According to Wikipedia, the toll of this flue was very high:The Spanish flu (also known as the 1918 flu pandemic[2])was an unusually deadly influenza pandemic.(1/3) 
This is an informative dashboard built by @danielgavrilov and team at  … #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic #Corona 
Corona's an operation created by the Chinese bourgeois 
Only #ModiTheWorldLeader can Pahle: Main tumhare khaton me 15lakh black money Swiss bank se lakar dalunga Ab::Tum log pahle "PMCares fund" Me paisa dalo, tab Corona virus ka illaj karenge Can you ever expect any other leader in d world could plan it? #ModiTheWorldLeader
$35k for a corona test i wouldn’t pay that if it cured depression lmao
If you  out of this quarantine with either: 1) A beard and mental trauma like Tom Hanks in Cast Away, 2) 500 empty Amazon boxes to build a Corona Fort from 3) A desperate hatred of the people in the flat above You didn’t ever lack the time, you lacked the discipline.
Marked safe during Corona Outbreak! 
Germans have “corona taxis,” medics who visit patients 5-6 days into illnesss, looking for decline. “When I have an early diagnosis and can treat early—for example put them on a ventilator before they deteriorate—the chance of survival is much higher.” 
Dhauladhar visible from Jalandhar, Pir Panjal from Jammu. India gate visible in Delhi. Blue Yamuna meandering happily. Squirrels in parks. Will we be mindful of our polluting actions once Corona is behind us and we aim to be 5 T economy soon?
The headlines must be: "The chairperson of AU has endorsed Bill Gates Corona viccination meant to be used on Africans as guinea pigs"  …
The system was already broken. Corona is just making it more evident how much. #SystemChange  …
Meet up w/ TariqJameel was d 1st step taken by #IK against corona. Not sarcasm but fact. His backing resulted in Ijtama's continuation. As Punjab has crossed 1k cases & 285 r from TableegiJamat, organizers of Ijtama must b jailed & tried. This national damage cld hv bn prevented.
Media is more dangerous then Corona now a Days.... 
A wee 5 year old child died of Corona Virus. Such a tragedy.
News: My fiancé @the_omeed hit peak #corona boredom and joined Twitter. Please help me  him with a follow! (Working our way towards TikTok. Baby steps! ) 
We went into the Streets Of Enugu and Abakaliki to ask people what they know about Corona Virus #COVIDー19 and how to stay safe during the #COVID19Pandemic Here are cuts for your viewing pleasure. Main  soon. 
We would like to reassure our volunteers and Amanda Holden that our high  do not operate on 5G so will not pass on corona virus. We just wanted to make that clear. 
As we diligently and religiously respond to the lockdown calls, the whole idea is about observing & implementing Preventive & Safety measures to save lives and stop the spread of the CORONA virus. With God & requisite discipline, Zimbabwe will  the scourge and its effects 
Corona might just be in that fridge  …
corona betta get her ass back in the house before  
4) Subhash Babu also knew that there wud be no freedom by asking for blood. 5) Ramdas Swami also knew that Hindus would  together by just chanting Jai Jai Raghuvir Samarth. 6) Similarly, Modi knows that corona will not go by clapping or deepotsav. @Mahesh10816 @rspchary
My 90 year old great grandmother beat Corona. Tell me what God won’t do.
LAT is just killing this kind of corona service journalism. It's the first paper I go to in the mornings now.  …
Within 6 years, the global image of India has changed. The world is seeing us with more respect & expectations. This Chinese Corona virus attack is just world war 3 and India will win this war and wil save world. Thanks to @narendramodi Ji. 
In times like this, the  has pledged 7 million to assist with Corona.... Are Christians getting together to plant "thier" seed to assist? #Day9ofLockdown
LATEST Update on COVID-19 in Balochistan at 08:00 pm on 04/4/20: Total tests conducted = 2,513 Corona positive = 185 Negative = 2,206 Results awaited = 122 Deaths = 1 Persons recovered = 17 No of people in Quarantine = 335
Prime minister @ImranKhanPTI was right about the corona virus affect on youngsters. The below chart about the deaths in England confirms what he said but our pinhead journalists made fun of him. @Aakbar84 @MashwaniAzhar @umar8528 @Lalika79 @MaddyWithKhan 
Two-faced journalists are more deadly than Corona. 
Chinese doctors injected serum of recovered patients into patients with life-threatening COVID-19. First results hopeful; larger trials needed to tell if this works. Requires ~ 1 liter of blood each. This may be the fastest route to a cure for corona.  …
In the times when all indian citizens r fighting against the spread of corona in whatever way they can, @NCWIndia is spreading hate against men. Trying to form a false perception tht men r subjecting their wifes to domestic violence in these times. Shameful! #NCWmisusesCorona
CORONA! We will rock you To all healthcare professionals in this world, we say Thank You @Anghami x @8eArtLB #StayHome #staysafe #healthworkers #Covid_19  
I know this is not a corona paper, but I am so proud of this review published today in @IJMS_MDPI on "Potential Molecular Pathways Related to Pulmonary Artery Aneurysm Development: Lessons to Learn from the Aorta". Amazing job @JorgeNuche! 
Some thoughts on #EmergingMarkets FX. @RobinBrooksIIF has been making  case for letting EM FX play the role of (Corona) shock absorber. The alternative—the “real economy” adjusting instead— is economically, politically and socially an inferior  1/5
At least three CMs - TN, Kerala and Maharashtra - have spoken decisively asking people not  the corona virus spread. Thank god for them!
What can we learn from the treatment of thousands of #Corona patients in Wuhan? Shorter work hours! Moving from 12-14 hours to 6 hour shifts dramatically reduced the infection rates of essential health personnel.  …
2 more patients in #Peshawar who were serious Corona case recovered Alhamdullilah #KPFightsCorona
People saying "humans are the disease, Corona is the cure" really aren't trying very hard to hide their ecofascism. This is a virus which predominantly kills old and disabled people and they know it.
Has any journalist, I mean any from the National Media asked where was Amit Shah, while Delhi burned, Corona Virus took root... even know what is he doing to contain the situation?
Well known actor, Rajiv Pillai, rallying the people of India to stay indoors and do their bit to help stop Corona. We are also grateful for his appreciation towards the efforts made by IndianOil. #ProudToBeAnIOCian #StayHomeStaySafe @PetroleumMin @dpradhanbjp 
Affirming: Full Healing, Strengths, Protections over all Unborn Children, Children, Teens, Young Adults, Parents & Elderly that they will be fully Proteced against the corona virus & well as any other deadly virus by The Holy Healing Energy of Jesus Christ our Lord, We Ask Now 
To learn from #Corona for a book of life tips I'm writing to my daughter I found this from the philosopher Seneca: Until we have begun to go without them we fail to realise how unnecessary many things are. We’ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
My whole in-laws household now has body aches and fever after their mom tested positive. that’s at least 4 family members who are currently going through corona over here... I need some good news!
The replacement of Acting DOD IG Fine is very interesting. He is formerly DOJ IG who left under Obama. He was named this week by other IGs to lead the Corona Virus  to serve the IG function with that stimulus money. 
This was also a big shake up of the Inspector  too! 5 new IG's nominated! CIA, DOD, Education, TVA, & Corona Virus stimulus IG. All very Swampy departments! With a 6th IG appointment needed to replace Atkinson. 
It was only a matter of time before New York papers ran this as a headline. #Coronaquarrels #Corona 
You have to admit the corona virus really made you appreciate what you have in life
Zambia will be the first African country to defeat corona virus. Watch this space.
The numbers are changing for corona, but it makes a point - it is easy to forget the rest.  …
Really? People are naming their babies Covid and Corona?
Any medical folks out there that can explain how a mask can save me from Corona when I'm not wearing any eye protection with it?
Good show and kudos, @gurgaonpolice. All idiots and mischief mongers who spread fake news, especially those aimed at  harmony need to be dealt with severely. They are as dangerous as #Corona #COVIDIOT #COVID2019  …
@mkstalin @TRBRajaa @trbaalu Today I called my constituency MP Mr.T.R.Balu via his mobile number. He respond well and he already did for what I asked for our constituency. Corona anti-infection tunnel in tambaram market. I liked his response. Thanks sir
Agniveer Valsad serving those who are ignored. They didn't even know what corona is before Agniveer made them aware about it. But yes they suffered from lockdown. Agniveers did their bit to make reduce their grief. Support our teams working on ground 24x7 
A South Asian woman attempted suicide because she was confined to her home with an abusive spouse. A healthcare worker came home & was beaten by her husband who said she would spread Corona. Domestic violence is on the rise by  …
Affirming: Placing Golden Love Energy over All of God's Beings here on Earth, keeping them safe from the corona virus sickness at all times now as well as the future, those currently sick to  Healed, In Jesus Name, we ask now. 
Trump was informed about Corona virus I December 2019. Donald Trump continue to call it a Democratic hoax, Donald Trump went golfing and partied while the virus spread like wild fire. Trump sold American products to China during a hoax pandemic. Trump is just as GUILTY.  …
Only Positive about Wheat / Sugar Inquiry report is that media will get new truck ki batee and stop sharing lame shows and analysis and fake news on Corona Virus. GOV should just focus tackling Corona Virus patients and it;s spread. Media will have new TOY and subject
POLL TIME! How many of you have been Tested for Corona? How many of you have Corona? How many of you know someone with Corona?
What a spectacular failure Shah has been as a Home Minister Violence in Delhi when Trump was on a visit Let a mass gathering like Tablighi Jamaat happen during Corona Migrant Humanitarian crisis bcos of no lockdown planning + Shah is AWOL His only focus is to buy MLAs!
Corona rebels, interesting project Typical youth mentality: NOTHING CAN HURT ME NO WAY! Results = Many infected (NO ) You realize just how quickly the populace goes into a panic when things go bump And then they wonder why the government won't tell us about Aliens 
Covid19 is a time machine, it accelerates everything such as the decline of long outdated business models or the rise of digital working cultures, to mention two examples. May it also speed up the ascend and decline of Trump, Bolsonaro and Johnson. All are BC = before corona.
Italy has 60 million people and only 110 thousand have Corona. They can find someone in remaining 59 million
The modi united all world on one platfrom for fighting corona The world appreciated modi ji effort Its proud That modi is our PM Thank You @narendramodi Ji @iSinghApurva 
Lacazette doesn't even start at arsenal, are you smokin corona?
I have a confession to make, till this day kwafika corona nje I've never experienced this I wonder if it'll ever happen seku nje 
Corona , Social Distancing and Brahmins: The one advise which every doctor gave us to escape from corona is Social Distancing. Maintain a distance with other human being so that your chances of getting affected will reduce. 1/n
If Corona Virus was a person : 
The Corona crisis is a manifestation of the Anthropocene - ecological destruction makes pandemics more likely  …
2019: white claws no laws 2020: corona and lots of laws
Today, Twitter iNfLuNsErZ have been paid by Maharashtra CMO to do positive (but of course fake) PR tweets during Corona breakout. Very ironical though as Maharashtra has the highest number of Corona positive cases. Kya karoge PR ka jab vote dene ke liye janta hi nahi bachegi?
1. Maha & Kerala among the highest corona cases in India. 2. Maha & Kerala CMs doing the best job as per media & Bollywood. Money can buy everything including good PR. 
How I thought Amazon Would Be - Win - Money - Win - Money How It really Was - Go down 15k - Win - Get suspended - Learn  back - Win - My best seller got banned - Bounce Back - Win - Corona Virus - *We are now here* You know what time it is....
I can’t wait for a post-Corona  special, I need it.
Americans are dying from this Corona Virus and ya'll wanna focus on Africa? Sounds weird to me
FIR Against a JNU student who threatened to spit on the security guard and spread Corona Virus - Organiser  …
A nigga just trying to be in Bimini right now in some clear water w a corona in my hand..
A vaccine against the Corona virus, obviously 
The way @narendramodi ji handles everything with love and care shows not only his humbleness but it proves his Capabilities,efficiency !! Wether it is successful surgical strikes,wether chandrayan,wether Corona,everytime he made India proud globally 
R A M A D A N I S C O M I N G . . . . . May Allah ﷻ allow us to reach the month of Ramadan & may our sins to be forgiven, May Allah shows his mercy upon the whole world and save us from Corona virus & may His mercy prevail and heal the world before Ramadan.
*04.04.2020* *శనివారం* After 75 new cases yesterday day #Telangana new #Corona cases today are 43 and total is 272, hope the count will decrease from tomorrow *రాష్ట్రంలో కోవిడ్ - 19 కేసుల వివరాలు* ఇవాళ పాజిటివ్: 43 మొత్తం పాజిటివ్: 272
There are 144 #COVID19 cases in Karnataka till date. But not a single patient needing ventilator today. Only two needed extra Oxygen. That's some better news. If the curve can be flattened, India can win over Corona virus in a few months. Something is very unique about India.
Corona has revealed 3 best CMs in India... Kerala Delhi Maharashtra ...best in terms of PR & cover-up
Berlin’s drug dealers adapt to life under coronavirus lockdown. From “corona specials” to personalised delivery services, the city's drug dealers and rave promoters are scrambling to adjust to a shifting landscape. 
Maharashtra has the most number of corona cases, Lockdown implementation is worst amongst all states. Water sanitizer scam with proof is out on media. PR stunt wont change facts..  …
CORONA virus is a pandemic& we being a developing country are facing enormous challenges due to it. How can we (as a nation) play our PART& rescue our country from it!!Are we all ready to SMASH #CoronavirusPandemic ? We just need to do one thing 
Tale of 2 CMs: Uddhav: MH being a state w/ one of the highest corona cases is being overlooked by its own CM & now using BOLLYTARDS for his cheap publicity YOGI: Dealing this on a ground level w/ a genuine concern in each & every aspect from providing food to medical facilities
Prime Minister Imran Khan’s statements have shockingly changed in last 1 week first he was saying dont worry and this virus does not attack young people and now he is saying corona not gonna spare anyone #CoronavirusPandemic
There are no “lazy” or “industrious” member states in the Corona crisis. There are only affected people. Europe can weather this storm if it stands united.  …
#9kaChallenge Here is my qsn to PM Modi on Corona Crisis. I nominate you guyzz to ask your question. @dhruv_mis @aaurav_singh @Atul_Kumaar @Shubhampinku @Deveshm94955410 @satirist_hrishi @M_a_i_d_i_ @XHeyWaitXItsMe @_whatsinaname @madhur_mrt @KumarGandharv15 
Islamic extremism - another global pandemic. Yet despite it being deadlier than Corona, most won't even talk about it, let alone fight it. That must change. Public debate must be encouraged; labels dropped. Debate.Plan.Act. There's no vaccine to defeat terrorism. Only us.  …
Health Organisation Predicts : Lockdown May Extend till September 2020 to Get back #Corona Free India ... So Sure #Master Will be Diwali Release Mark my tweet #Master @actorvijay
Top-3 States which fought #corona virus effectively by taking correct measures at appropriate time are- 1- UP 2-Haryana 3- Odisha Worst are- 1- Delhi 2- maharasthra 3- Kerela.
"Service to humanity is service to God." @nsui National President Shri @Neerajkundan ji extending his helping hand to the needy & indigent people in Jammu & Kashmir by providing them essential food items in the time of this #Corona crisis. #LadengeAurJeetenge @LubanaManoj 
Parel workshop @Central_Railway made 10 nos.of trollies to facilitate movement of medical equipments, in railway hospitals, from one place to another. Together we can fight #Corona 
Fvck Corona, I miss @B_Fernandes8 assists, rn he will be at 11 assists and 10 goals, Ayee @ManUtd organize an indoor friendly with Chelsea, whether Stamford or Old Trafford 
Loved contributing this piece about #OperationASLStorytime for @variety's Corona Chronicles alongside my imaginary BFF @Bethenny. Thank you  …
Another fake news example re corona deaths  …
Do people not realise the more they keep leaving the house unnecessarily and meeting people the longer corona virus will be around etc and the longer we will be in lockdown.. thick cunts honestly
I still wonder why the whites want to test their Corona Virus Vaccines on Blacks(Africans) yet they themselves have the most patients..
Almost 30 percent of India’s overall Corona cases have happened because no one in the government checked delegates flying in from foreign countries. Importantly, the meeting was allowed in Delhi when Maharashtra had denied permission for same. What was Delhi police doing?  …
Chachaji, are you being sarcastic? With clear directives ? To be No 1 in Corona cases ?
Spot the real Godi Media. Journalists calling the CMs of worst performing states in fighting Corona as Best. No wonder India has the worst media in the world.  …
Chennai Corporation to deploy 16000 workers for daily door to door Corona screening Chennai has 88 positive cases The civic body seeks public cooperation Daily screening for 90 days. Workers to be trained & paid 15000 a month. @ndtv
are typical flu deaths being counted as corona virus? I guarantee they are. Wake Up America 
Week 1. CORONA VIRUS. shit is real Week. 2. IM BORED IN THE HOUSE AND IM IN THE HOUSE BORED Week. 3. PUT YA PUSSY LIPS ON LIVE ILL GIVE YA A THOUSAND DOLLAZ this isnt going in a good direction
Learn how we are working hard to minimize exposure to the corona virus, to ensure we are always there when you need us. We have increased the level of #PPE our FFs are wearing to protect both  and our FFs. @VCFD 
I have no idea whether the vaporized alcohol treatment discussed in this article could be effective. But if it turns out that Juul ends up the hero of this story by developing the product that treats the corona virus, I know the writers of this season deserve to sweep the Emmys.  …
And you could have it all My pre-pandemic pants I will donate them all I will make you hurt I will wear this corona crown Upon my baker’s chair Full of crusty breads Beneath the strands of thyme The bread it disappears You are somewhere else I am still right here
Catch @RealBlackCoffee 's live set on Facebook,YouTube & Instagram today at 21h00 Feel free to donate as he is raising funds to assist in anyway with the Corona Virus.  #WeAreOne 
Hi All we are all live at the @Infosecgirls channel with all the leads, Pragya and @jessrobin96  Tune in to listen to Jessica how to cope in tough times in cyber security #staysafe #staysecure #Together_against_Corona #SocialDistancingNow 
#Tiruppur #Corona #Update As of 4.4.20 , 8 pm Total number of people under House #Quarantine -1114 61 people are out of quarantine. Total number of positive cases -3 ( both the positive cases reported today have a travel history to Delhi ) All positive cases are stable.
one good thing is some chinese cites have now banned eating dogs/cats. Took corona to make them wake up about what animals they shouldn't be eating. Morals & ethics were never gonna be enough.
"Service to humanity is service to God." @nsui National President Shri @Neerajkundan ji extending his helping hand to the needy & indigent people in Jammu & Kashmir by providing them essential food items in the time of this #Corona crisis. 
Kolkata Police officer singing from Satyajit Ray’s Goopy Gayen — interspersed with Corona Messages ! 
to the people who  about corona and then hanging out with friends: YOU ARE THE PROBLEM!! It is actually bad. I don’t understand?? do you not believe the 
Omg...no! Twins born during pandemic named Corona and Covid  …
For corona propaganda to flourish, other deaths have to be manipulated down. If this doesn’t at least get you to start questioning then nothing will 
Corona vaccine will be made one day.... But if u wanna stop infection  hatred to ur family, children and society.... 
I wonder if they will  back: Corona beer stops production - CNN  …
22k and their family members can sleep with peace now as the confusion about Corona is over. Aap ka kya hoga Janaab e Aali..  …
This is why liberals and Congress acting like morons right now. They are so duffer that they are opposing PM's every decision. When all this CORONA gone, INDIANS will take revenge from them. It will be like Famous Dialogue "चुन चुन कर बदला लेंगे" 
Appointed as Advisory Council Member by PTI's Punjab Government in Volunteer Force Corona Relief Facilitation. Will be assisting DC's and all local governments at provincial level. 
Enjoying Saturday morning in @nnptourism #Kenya #Corona 
For the media & opposition, corona virus is all about statistics: so many infected, so many dead. Nobody talks about spreading the virtues  unity, hope &, above all, discipline. It is through pursuing these objectives that we can together defeat the scourge...
An upstanding, honest, and most likely very productive, member of society is furious with President TRUNK. She says that the 2 trillion Corona-package should have contained money for weed dealers as she can't stand her kids without it. 
I feel for the HS and college seniors man, there ain’t nothing better than the last 3 weeks of school for a senior. Plus HS got prom, senior days, trips, and that feeling of invincibility cause your grades are locked in 2 weeks early so you at school chillin. Corona weak as hell
Anyone even take the time to make a pre-2019 search ‘Coronavirus? I did between 2000 and 2010. According to a Stanford medical paper, it’s a COLD virus. The tests being giving test positive for any strain of the corona virus — even the non-deadly ones. The numbers are jacked!
If this corona virus delays the release of Dune I am going to fight it in the street.
An Indian couple who had twin babies today named them Corona & Covid. They basically named them the plague. 
My mom just sent us a video of a how to tutorial turning a pillow case into a corona mask. We are into strange strange times
From the times before corona, when we used to celebrate life. With Akhtar Waqar Azeem, Former MD PTV who is now heading HUM News. Other two photos from the launch ceremony of Hum Pushto 1 with Dr. Firdous Ashiq Awan. #SaturdayMood 
My ogbonge people, shebi we don know say e'Corona no sabi big man, e no sabi poor man. E dey catch anybody o Dis na why you need to #DeyYourDey make meself dey MyDey. I nominate: @Dara_Sketche @Uncle2Triplets @LeoinAbuja @Gracymama1 & @OluwaJayBoss ) to join this movement.  – at Jazz
Surprised that many of our prominent personalities, otherwise very vocal about the country’s issues, hv maintained a stoic silence against #Corona terrorism of #TablighiJamaat. Some1 like @Javedakhtarjadu Sahab hasn’t said a word against such a big national threat. I wonder why.
Psychiatrists from every city in India have set up telephonic helplines to help with corona related anxiety. I sincerely hope - 1. This improves public perception of psychiatry due to a free taster of the real thing. 2. Psychiatrists use more talk therapy henceforth.
Palestinian painter paints many portrayal about Corona. #Gaza 
"The sky is falling because we have a few dozen corona virus cases on a cruise ship? I am far more concerned with stepping on a used heroin needle than getting the corona virus, but maybe that's just me." Toni Lahren March 10th.
Apparently corona virus hangs in the back of the throat and is killed at 32°, seamen is ejaculated at 34° just saying ladies.
#VERIFIED OFFICIAL Delhi corona figures are out Number of Corona +ives till date- 445; 301 of these attended #TablighiJamaat Nizamuddin meet 59 new cases today. 42 of these attended the meet Samples tested till date-3694, 510 by private labs I'll continue to update
Corona is on a W O R L D T O U R and she  to an immune system near you... more than likely yours.
He is the only leader who understood the dangers of Chinese Corona Virus and took extreme precautions! #ModiTheWorldLeader
Hey you Gutkhas in non-Gutkha lands, why not use #Corona #lockdown days to learn to speak, read and write the language of whichever non-Hindi land you have decided to be parasites in? Learn Bangla if you have infiltrated Bengal, learn Kannada if u have snuck into Karnataka, etc.
Kalee even this Corona Virus Saga shall  to pass Insha Allah .
I think we are repeating UKs mistake... We are still not testing enough. We can stop CORONA only by more & more testing and isolating the person having CORONA.
‘Goopy-Bagha' in fight against Corona! Yet another musical effort by KP personnel at Rabindra Sarobar PS area to enliven another stressful day of fellow citizens with a deftly modified song from the iconic Satyajit Ray movie ‘Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne’ 
Twitter friends! Today is officially my Birthday! The past few years I didn't celebrate due to an injury and this year I cant due to Corona! Usually Birthdays are the only holiday I celebrate so next year I am going hard for the entire month! NO MATTER WHAT!!!
Corona Journal Day 18: They assure me their summer plans remain unchanged. #coronacreativity #Corona #selfisolation #stayathome #art #coronajournal #drawing #sketch #painting #illustration #sketchbook #garden #plants 
Another 12 patients have recovered & their corona virus test  negative. Now the total number of recovered patients in Sindh stand at 86. People should learn that isolation or social distancing is the only cure to #COVIDー19. These 86 isolated themselves, can you?
Thousands of @IYCKerala Youth congress volunteers have relentlessly contrubuting in the Nation's fight against CORONA. @RahulGandhi @Allavaru @MukulWasnik @srinivasiyc @IYC @INCIndia @priyankagandhi Stay Home ! Stay Safe 
I really had the corona virus and lived , God is Good
Once again India needs to show its unity in the fight against coronavirus. It's time to remember the corona fighters once again. Join the Prakash Parv on April 5, 9 pm. 
The power of collective consciousness is at the very basis of our Sanskriti. I have initiated millions of our followers in Gayatri Mediation, from 6.20 PM to 6.30 PM, for "eradication of Corona related pandemic and bright future for mankind" @PMOIndia @PMOIndia_RC #COVID19
Masjid behind my house is giving out corona instructions. Reminding everyone to pray from their houses and not concentrate at any place. #Lucknow
Ya Allah we need your Mercy Forgive us Ya Allah save the world from Corona Virus Aamen.
"The Only one person that got missing in Osun corona virus isolation center has been found." ~TVC News
I’m happy to share good news from Karak, Allhamdolillah two positive corona patients from Ahmadi Banda & Jahangiri have recovered . Both villages are cleared & lockdown has ended. Job very well done KP Govt led by @IMMahmoodKhan sb & @Jhagra along with Karak Dist Admin led by DC.
DC Islamabad visited Alkhidmat Corona Relief Centre Islamabad. He appreciated the speedy efforts taken by @AlkhidmatOrg and paid tribute to the workers. 
FP3 facemask testing today, cos on w/e duty City hospital. I failed yesterday, but passed today! This'll keep me safe from Corona if I do a GA Caesarean. Better still wash your hands, stay in & don't get it yourself. Babies never  Thank u Ian, Jose & 
Corona cleaned a river that Hindutva could not  …
Twins born during India lockdown named ‘Corona and Covid’  …
The conspiracy theory of 5G responsible for corona spread is cock and bull story to me.
idk who needs to hear this but this corona pandemic isn't going away any time soon so stop spending all your money ordering "summer clothes"
Who got Donald Trump's corona virus guidelines for America in their mailbox? I'll now be referring to it as the Trump virus since he put his name on it If the fker wants the credit then he can own it!
टेंशन लेने का नहीं, कोरोना को देने का है! While we all fight this battle against Corona in our own small ways, remember to take care of yourself too. We & our nation shall definitely emerge stronger. 
Everyone in this screenshot have praised Kerala @CMOKerala Delhi @ArvindKejriwal Maharashtra @OfficeofUT Fact is these are the 3 States which are worst affected Have maximum number of Corona cases, Allowed ppl to flaunt the rules/Lockdown. But for Modi haters they're HERO.
I wrote a response to @ClarkeMicah and conservative corona-sceptics for @ArcDigi that struggles, I hope successfully, to avoid binary thinking on social  …
Efforts began at Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi to spread #coronavirus throughout the country. Most of the attendees of that event are untraceable. There seems to be 'corona Jihadi plan' behind that meeting: BJP MP Shobha Karandlaje in Chikmagalur, Karnataka 
I Request to all my dear Friends please unite together on 5 april at 9 pm and make this fight successful against the corona virus. Its a time to show the world that the india will never be break in any situation. #ModiTheWorldLeader
I have received a threat mail from Chinese. I have posted an ad to rent my apartment in DC.A man texted to send me a deposit check to secure it. Next day received check.there is no money.called him.he said :it is Corona Virus Check & I am positive.I hear his Chinese accent. 
Life in the time of Corona #centralpark 
PLEASE RETWEET - What one cannot cure,he can only prevent. At present we can is only prevent Corona #Covid19.'Munnabhai' gives Corona #Covid19 prevention tips to 'Circuit' #StayAtHomeSaveLives #StayHomeStaySafe #StayHome #CoronaVirus #COVID2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak 
This Corona  to an end it’s enough now we miss our people. Eish 
Lots of people will end up saying that the US’s increasing rates of Corona spread and deaths are inevitable because “pandemic” but they are not. Why the is Germany’s Coronavirus Death Rate So Low? Testing. Tracking and Trust in their government and leader.  …
This is really sad news. Egypt postpones the inauguration of Grand Museum to 2021 because of Corona Virus.  
Are these paid tweets or they are part of same whatsapp group? Maharashtra has rhe highest number of Corona cases, worst implementation of lockdown but look how shamelessly people appreciating Uddhav for mere speech. 
Prime Minister @narendramodi urges citizens to light candles on Sunday (April 5) evening to challenge the darkness of corona crisis Together we will fight and beat #COVID19 #IndiaFightsCorona 
Out of all the CMs he found MH CM worth appreciating... Does he know MH tops the list of the number of positive corona cases ??  …
On the instructions of Chairman @BBhuttoZardari along with my Community we  one block of UC-27 by doing disinfectant spray for Corona Virus.  also distributed rations to 500 Families.Let’s Support Sindh Gov & be a responsible citizen. 
After this corona shit over, I’m getting married.
#VERIFIED Number of corona positives in India crosses the 3000 mark, 3072 cases Took 4 days to go from 1k to 2k & 2 days to go from 2k to 3k 419 NEW cases today so far, yesterday there were 575 cases Deaths till now-75 I'll put the number of samples tested post 9pm
Bill Gates cannot even keep viruses off of Windows. No one cares what he thinks about the corona virus.
The ambition to leave room to utilitarian function creep on corona contact data will cost lives. We should keep it simple and assure people that data from corona contact apps will be deleted after two or three weeks.  …
Loads of Love & Best wishes for U @RealHa55an M sure ur words wil strengthen the Hopes of effected innocent patients of Corona virus . Get well soon all  …
It is good that our honourable @PMOIndia is getting world's 2 largest democracies to work together against Corona Virus in these difficult times.  …
Hon. @Dev_Fadnavis ji should take charge to rule Maharashtra till . It's time to have a more experienced leader to  these serious circumstances. Mahaaaghadi government is not capable to handle Corona Pandemic, Maharashtra Missing you Devendraji 
can i please have 5 minutes without hearing about the corona virus that would be amazing thank you very much
Corona front line report: - we are out of azithro - we can’t get HCQ - we are out of versed - we are out of paralytics - we are intubating without sedatives - patients are self extubating - we are restraining patients - we have no medicines we need - it’s getting worse - help
Delhi has second highest Corona cases in country and expected to grow further... Not even a single rupee is granted to Delhi @narendramodi ji- 2 crore Delhites are also Indians. Pls  …
Beautiful display of #auroraborealis lit up the sky over a Sami village in Lapland, northern #Sweden. When the aurora is very active, it often displays its most beautiful form known as aurora corona. It appears near the zenith.  @twanight Credit: P-M 
Pets don’t do #Corona Don’t be dumping them on animal shelters! Please RT... 
Assam Dhoni Fans donates 11,077 rupees to CM Relief fund to fight against Corona. Kudos MSDians for the good work. 
In Nepal, we have three pandemics: Corona, stupidity and corruption  …
If potus does try to open things back up, every Corona related death will be a media sob story blamed on him.
Corona beer factories in Mexico suspend production as government deems brewery work non-essential  …
Kejriwal first ordered 200 buses to throw out Migrants than did paid advertisement on news channels saying don't leave Delhi during lockdown. Kejriwal not only made lakhs of Migrant suffer, but has also created chances of spreading Corona in villages. 
'In war, truth is the first casualty.' Often the data is under-reported by various layers of the government to avoid panic, accountability and erosion of political capital. In the case of Corona, it's also in the interest of the government to quickly resume economic activity.
In Sri Lanka we have three pandemics: Corona, stupidity & racism. #LKA #SriLanka #CoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID #Covid_19  …
Government should allow testing general public for Anti-Corona IgG antibodies by ELISA or RDT; those having IgG antibodies in blood, are immunised from Corona & allowed  out of lockdown and start their jobs. Faster we do this, the quicker our economy will be normalised.
Making meth? Or just VERY prepared for Corona? You decide. #breaking_bad #breaking_bad 
One of the most important things you can do on this earth is to let people know they are not alone. NSUI National President Shri @Neerajkundan distributed food items & essential things to the needy & indigent people in the time of this Corona crisis. 
"I read often on social media that Allah has created Pakistanis in a way that corona won't affect them. Please don't delude yourselves into thinking like this. Corona won't spare anyone.": PM Imran 
extremely sad that converted christian missionaries are trying to trap Police ...in the name of Corona virus, if they want to do prayer do at home why make these marketing videos? person who is taking video is coughing 
Truly fantastic piece of  here. Written in plain language a 5th grader can understand, it explains what each part of the Corona virus’s tiny genome is responsible for during infection. Bad News Wrapped in Protein: Inside the Coronavirus Genome  …
Today when we started trend, We thought just to made to the trend list to spread @sidharth_shukla message to India against Corona. But I was wrong, We made small activity as big trend & now Top 2 Super proud of you all & Thanks to Sid for all encouragement #SidheartsProudOfSid
Together we can fight Corona if you wash your hands before you touch water
Breaking News: The Only one person that got missing in Osun corona virus isolation center has been found. TVC News.
World leaders requested our PM @narendramodi ji to lead the world  the dea dly Corona Virus COVID-19 . I salute my leader and proud to be an Indian believe that he will succeed. 
!!!!BREAKING NEWS!!! Chinese president _has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying "shaici ting uang teng wena feng lemise dong fong'hong choo la jienhang zing cjoon feng lemise dong fon,,," I agree with him because it is for our own good
this nurse who lives in my building had tested positive for corona virus. she is fully cured now and is going back to work from today evening. hero really.
If corona and government had a face : #MoneyHeist 
A couple in India named their newborn twins “Covid and Corona” an attempt to put a positive spin on a terrible situation. 
cuomo should seize trump tower and use it as a corona recovery center
Blaming Muslims for Corona virus. Both predictable and dangerous in an already toxic mix.  …
#Corona: The Collapse of the System (Ernst Wolff)  
Newborn twins in India named Corona and Covid  
*New corona laws be like* 
Corona is the biggest blow to desi Liberals, far more than May 2014, May 2019, mark my words.
All those bleating about Labours(Corbyns) manifesto ." Where's the  from to pay for it".. bollocks to you all..Corona virus emergency has PROVED that the money was always there to fix the major problems in the UK..Tories just wanna keep it for themselves and mates.
So yea if you think your £20 notes are causing corona, DM me for my address and you can send them to me
What's up with the so called "expert" Dr. Anthony Fauci. He's been wrong on the Corona Virus Pandemic from the start. Are Democrats using the virus as an excuse to implement their wacky policies? @TuckerCarlson NAILED IT in his segment last night! 
Me to corona virus now 
Reaction of Abu Dhabi police after hearing the national anthem #Together_against_Corona #DedicationAtWorkSafetyAtHome 
AP goes w WHO guidance, saying SARS-CoV-2 can be referred to as "the COVID-19 virus." But that's redundant: spelled out, it reads "COrona VIrus-19 virus". I wrote last month on the politics of naming Covid-19, & why WHO won't use the name SARS-CoV-2:   …
Agressive testing during lockdown & Effective Quarantine is the only way to fight #Corona 
First uncle of mine dead today from corona... so so saddening ... he was a doctor pulled outta retirement straight on the front line... just doesn’t seem right . sTAY IN DOORS.... it’s our duty
#Corona - is changing lives. An opportunity for a new #global #socialcontract writing off national and personal #debts, unfettered sharing of technologies, eradication of global #diseases & menaces, resolving #longstanding disputes - #reinventinglife - Is human race up to it?
doing my bi weekly stream of broke with expensive taste to protect me from corona hope everyone is doing the same. stay safe
 | India newborn twins named Corona and Covid after virus  …
Why do other Pacific Islanders feel the need to diss other Pacific Islanders for clout? It’s ugly & it’s a side effect of corona virus please get checked.
Perhaps to the heroic British Muslim doctors who contracted corona virus whilst working on the frontlines in the UK and tragically died: 1. Dr Habib Zaidi 2. Dr Adil El Tatar 3. Dr Amged El Hawrani 4. Dr Alfa Sa'adu  …
H1N1 infected 1.4 billion and killed 575,000 globally but It didn’t overwhelm our health care system. So Why the hell is The Corona Virus overwhelming our health care system?
'Proud of you': Pak ATC praises Air India's efforts during corona pandemic 
So jaahil @Javedakhtarjadu is! Maharashtra tops the list of Corona cases, and he's congratulating CM for this. Madrassa-chhaap after all! 
