i WoUlD wAnT tO TaKe YoU oN a DaTe BuT wE cAn’T bC oF CoRoNa
Miami nurse dead from corona  …
People are really washing their hands, going through bottles of hand sanitizer, and wearing masks, but reading corona news on this thing. 
inspired by @QueenLesli... how a theatre family handles the corona quarantine 
I did not beat cancer last year just to let miss Corona take me out in this one, I’ll be damned
How many Texas ladies know that governor Abbott has stopped all abortions in the state of Texas due to the Corona virus. He says planned parenthood is not essential services. An unwanted pregnancy awaits for no one. Plus, Abortions is not the only service they provide.1/2
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the non 5sos stans at this time
Gg @EvilGeniuses Already miss playing on stage. hope this corona things getting better
Beware,the new virus in town Easily beats corona hands down All stared from a giant clown Who said he didn’t want the crown He’s been nothing but letdown Done nothing but crackdown How dare you bring our country down? It’s now time for your meltdown #IslamicRepublicVirus
Anyone bored asf at home due to Corona Season??
And the Corona Quarantine Trophy of the Week goes to ....  …
Corona virus news March 28,2020 
Many have lost trust in mainstream media due to political bias in the past They've ignored the problems in Sweden Now that corona virus  along, some don't believe the media when they warn of this pandemic BUT The media is right here. Corona virus is dangerous!
You couldn’t make this stuff up. A former Cuomo staffer, accused of being funded by far right Modi nationalists, is likely exposed breaking Corona virus restrictions in Queens, home to worst cases in nation, to spread voter disinformation of @DeJesusSaves and maybe corona.
Next time someone says Corona is no worse than the flu, here's some math. 300M Americans If 20% get infected = 60M 1% mortality = 600K potential deaths CDC estimates 50K die from flu each year. So no, #CODVID19 is not just like the flu.
Been talking to this boooooy everyday for a minute now, but honestly I can’t tell if we’re into each other, if we’re pen pals, or if we’re just bonding over corona trauma
The sad thing is, some of y’all not about to start taking this corona pandemic serious until you lose somebody.
The LNP is slowly adopting Labor policies used during the GFC to get us through the corona virus crisis. It's now obvious that Labor's economic credentials far exceed those of the LNP. I hope this finally puts to bed the myth that the LNP are better economic managers. #auspol
we gotta put a stop to this corona’s virus
I told you people when this all started, we could have saved ourselves a lot of trouble in dealing with corona if we used the North Korean model of containment. Did you listen to me?
Is it corona, allergies, or my anxiety?
The great dying killed 99% of SPECIES on earth. So you sheep are taking this corona thing way to far.
Corona virus is bad and all but I think if you’ve survived what mono has to offer you should be fine
Me: im sick of being quarantined in this damn house! I wanna go outside and do hoodrat things w/ my hoodrat friends! Corona:  …
im used to quarantine i did it for 3 weeks last october except it wasn’t because of corona it was depression
BECAUSE CORONA So be careful to live your life wisely, not foolishly. Take advantage of every opportunity because these are evil times. (Ephesians 5:15,16)
More fashion designers from Iloilo City are creating face masks and overalls for our frontliners. We wanna fight corona in a fashion way. Thank you designers and donors. 
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the non entertainment stans at this time
Saw Pablo Sanchez trending on here and thought he had Corona. Stay safe king 
Saw someone call that damn second line today a “corona chorus line” and my God. 
But you telling me they can’t cure corona virus  …
I lost the last of my father’s surviving siblings today. Not because of corona virus....but because she was 96 YEARS OLD!!! Godspeed, Auntie.
Please corona, fuck off!
Like or get corona 
Somebody must know something about what happened to our Damien. God willing they will survive Corona virus so they can tell us what they know. #damiennettles #missing @DamienNettles 
Tiny stairs! Corona Chic and Publicity face! That’s our Time Team! #Timeless #SaveTimeless
3| Is both unconstitutional & violates the right to pvt property. It makes it illegal for pple who've stocked up their OWN food before the Corona virus.Totally unreasonable in a food insecure country. Opens the door for abuse by law enforcement to confiscate pple's food supplies.
Corona-proof dining @Superdawg 
Y’all should go back again and watch the video of the army men. They are not practicing any distance from each other. They are not wearing gloves or face mask. They will be outside on Monday wearing none of this. Are they immune to the corona virus? What is really going on?
you know what would SLAP when this whole corona thing is over? A LEMONADE MOUTH WORLD TOUR. make it happen bitches x
It's hard to believe that we're attempting to fight the CORONA / COVID19 PANDEMIC without accurate, up-to-date + high resolution data on prevalence, transmission + infection. We've some of the best epidemic experts, clinicians + scientists in the world, but the worst politicians!
#Maharashtra: 26 Corona infected patients were discharged and sent home after their reports came negative. Another 28 new cases were recorded taking the total tally to 181. #IndiaFightsCorona #COVID2019India
THIS MAN IS A GENIUS he figured out the Corona virus problem 
1/2 Very sad news. A rescue group that does free clinics picked up Corona for a check-up, neutering, and shots, etc. The woman that picked him up just called. Sadly, Corona had to be euthanized. He had the Feline Leukemia Virus. 
"Stayin' Inside" - Corona Virus Bee Gees Parody  via @YouTube
Last month, Queen Elizabeth II ran from England to a Desert because of Corona Virus, Today, she’s tested Positive Modafuckin virus has been tracking her 
This corona virus quarantine has radically altered my diet. Except for some conserved ham, I've  more or less a vegetarian... Pasta. Beans. Pasta. Beans. Yum.
before Corona=B.C.
It's impossible having a fact based conversation with some of these trump fans. They refuse to see any fault in their false god. It's sad. You can still be his fan boy & acknowledge he fumbled the ball on not taking this corona thing seriously until it was already claiming lives
Can golden showers spread corona flowers?
Please tell ur husband I said thank you for his service. I’m sorry the dates were moved but unfortunately the corona put everyone in entertainment on pause. I hope u guys can make it to a show one day  …
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all TNA circa 2011 fans at this time
Patron is the cure to corona virus
The scary thing is not the cough and sneezing. The worrysome thing is the headache, wallahi as if as someone is pounding something inside my head. I pray may Almighty Allah protect you and your families from being infected with corona virus
TV on. Background noise. I’m sick of it now. I reckon if I got a case of beer and took a swig every time someone said corona virus I’d be pissed in an hour!
Adidas is worth billions, but doesn't want to pay their bills cause of Corona. This is the courage, persistence, and focus they were talking about.  …
Fear has a different flavor in opposition-held Syria #Covid_19 #Corona 
Gujarat is strongly stands with Country. While @ArvindKejriwal was busy to create panic Gujarat create largest Corona virus hospital in record times. #IndiaFightsCorona  …
wish my lungs could tell me whether it’s corona breathing or corona-anxiety breathing
Bro why does corona have to be goin on while it's literally THE best wheather outside I've ever seen RN..
I was thinking about this. 15y ago I regularly felt humiliated during A&E visits. I was usually on my own. This was without a national pandemic, risk of Corona & staff even more exhausted than usual. I remember one nurse who was kind & non-judgemental. Made all the difference  …
Over 30 000 have now died from Corona virus worldwide. Maybe if this had been taken seriously from the start, we could have avoided this.
Possibly a former Cuomo staffer has been knocking doors in Queens (home to one of the worst corona cases in the nation) to spread disinformation about another candidate. Allegation also includes that she takes donations from far right Hindu nationalists. Follow  …
They are preparing for war. Virus is a cover. NORAD and NORTHCOM now activated and personal are shut up inside with around the clock surveillance. Mercy and Comfort hospital ships NOT for the corona virus. Trump confirmed that today.
I knew Zahara was the Queen that would save us from Corona. 
Avast ye hearties...the corona pirates.  …
I’d 100% watch a TV show like cops where governor Murphy goes around with police busting up corona parties  …
Corona has depression in the air
This how you catch corona without leaving the house  …
If you really start an argument for calling it the Chinese virus or any such name instead of corona virus you're probaaaaaably just a little tad bit racist and don't want to admit it
Can we stop woth the online fear mongering. First it was my cousin’s friend from the pentagon now its i have corona [storytime] 
My mom works at the hospital too, she’s had cancer too, when patients with Corona virus  in, they decided to let her stay home for her safety (it took a week to get all the bureaucracy done but whatever), that’s the right thing to do!
Corona Virus, like any flu breakout will last for 2 to 4 months (starting from January) Manufactured hysteria will last for 12 to 18 months Oppressive societal control will last until it is no longer required and obedience is built in
@NYGovCuomo Hey, shit head, explain to us all how the hell you & the democrats can blame Donald Trump for “not sending you Ventilators” for the Corona Virus crisis & then admit just hours ago that you have warehouses full of ventilators that you refuse to use? YOU ASSHOLE!
is there any pandemic discourse  good, the real virus is capitalism, rent strikes require organization, sexting is a skill,  need greater attention, animal crossing is post-corona LARP, and incarcerated ppl should be let out immediately
You know what would have kept the 17 year old alive who died from corona? Medicare For All. Something you claimed to stand for, but never did. Also, you endorsed Biden. He's never going to pass a UBI OR Medicare For All. If we get UBI it cannot be your means tested version.  …
Ivanka Trump: True. Kindness goes a long way. Now, tell you husband to freeze/forgive rents of all the tenants of the buildings he owns. We are all in this corona mess, together. Also, get back to having all apartments be filed under the rent controlled laws... NO EVICTIONS!
The most awaited hazmat suit( according to @MamataOfficial govt) arrives at CORONA HUB R.I.P healthcare providers 
This is a good overview by @spiegelonline team of the impasse in Europe over the step to corona bonds.  …
Had the flu 3x had pneumonia 3x (everytime). Treated with steroids all 3x. Not fun, but better in 5 days or less. Haven't heard one word about steroids with corona...why?
Rain rain go away, and take corona with you am I right ladies????
Me the second the corona virus is out of Buffalo 
I picked up the hot sauce in our shopping cart today knowing no one really uses it in my family and asked my mom when she started liking hot sauce. Apparently one doctor somewhere said it might help against corona. WHATSAPP NEEDS TO GO I am TIRED
Watching Barry Gibb singing Staying Alive on #TwitchStreamAid is a real mood in the time of #Corona 
No wonder India has less corona virus cases. They really enforcing the awareness . #BSV #BTC #BCH #XRP scary 
B #corona episode Where U stand depends on where U sit makes for toxic brew To save their own asses, politicians must be seen to protect the public To make a profit, media sustains story through sensationalism To serve the public, health officials give advice based on worst
Now that corona Virus has postponed your wedding date, how are you going to explain the Pregnancy? Or I should shut up?
France Best health care system in the world: Corona cases #37575 Italy second best. Corona cases #92000+ Pakistani healthcare system isnt in top 100 even. Corona cases #1500+ So rather than doing propaganda and politics: stay indoors, take care and pray. 
Angels Nation: Here is your daily Coach Chris Corona Challenge! Let’s see what you can do! #InThisTogether 
prayers to the person at ULM that just got Corona
Things I care about as an educator in the time of corona. Do my students have food? Do my students have power, water, and rent? Are my students safe? Are my students washing their hands? Can they do trig proofs? Wait no, I don’t care about that last one at all.
Our government now says that fewer than 20,000 deaths from corona virus would be a good result! That will be the worst in the world! Why in the UK when other nations have very low levels?
World BEST medevac for COVID patient. Germany activates their flying ICU plane, an Airbus A310 MedEvac, to fly corona patients from Italy to hospitals in Germany. The plane has a capacity of 44 beds of which 16 are for high intensive care patients, and up to 25 medical staff. 
You can legit see a massive difference in terms of how serious they're taking this Corona Vayrus. In kpk I saw half the people on streets wearing masks and as soon as you enter Sindh, it's mayhem. I've not a single person wearing a mask. Forget about social distancing ffs Liars.
I've just realised TRAFFICKING's what caused corona! Why did it take me so long? And now, can you imagine the new projects they'll think up and the funding they'll need? 
I’m throwin the fattest party when this Corona decide to bounce
Corona is powerful, yes But the reason I do not have sex with my girlfriend Is and always be God
Good Time! Corona isnt stopping the world, may it never stop Christians. Matthew 28:16-20 
I think @Onision is one of the only people who we can collectively agree as  that we hope dies from the corona virus. Someone cough on greasy.
just remember it’s a simple game we’re playing called “don’t get corona virus & don’t give it to anyone” take all necessary precautions 。
"If I get corona, I get corona. At the end of the day, I'm not gonna let it stop me from partying," This kind of attitude is harming the vulnerable citizens more than party-goers themselves.  …
HAH I just remembered! You Americans COULD NEVERRR This money Corona freee Enjoy ya dutty 1$bills 
Fake News @nypost is telling #MAGA voters that the Corona germ is spreading to my beloved Red States. Don’t worry! I will send you all the money you need instead of wasting it on Washington’s Governor (a Rat!) or Nasty Whatshername in Michigan!  …
I can’t remember who I was just last December cuz of all dis corona shiiiii
me and oomf after that corona check clears 
I bet we wouldn’t have the corona virus if Joe Exotic was our president
My brother David is a doctor. He's working front line for the NHS treating Corona patients every day. He's just gotten home from a 13 hour shift, he starts at 8am tomorrow for another 13 hour shift, and he loses an hour overnight for the clocks going forward. Absolute hero. 
this corona break might actually be longer that expected, y’all should brace for the worst.
This is a man from Burundi killing Corona virus 
Prisons in Turkey; 780 babies aged 0-6 2,500 children aged 6-18 457 Severe patients 1,333 sick prisoners There are 17,000 women prisoners. Freedom to all prisoner before "corona" spread in prisons . ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye
As I’ve tweeted previously, NZ has not only included the opposition, they’ve gone further than this by having the opposition leader chair a parliamentary group to scrutinise how the government is handling the Corona virus there. #auspol  …
New Aladdin Corona Edition be like "I can't show you the world"
IM GOING ALBANIA THIS YEAR IM GOING ALBANIA THIS YEAR IM GOING ALBANIA THIS YEAR IM GOING ALBANIA THIS YEAR IM GOING ALBANIA THIS YEAR fuck corona
NEW VIDEO Is the MIL using the CORONA as COVER for a WIDESPREAD DEFENSE against the CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER to our CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC? WATCH THIS Also, leave your thoughts and theories below... 
Corona virus reach Queen Elizabeth side ...am never leaving my house again and srt smoking a lot of AZ because I learned weed cure corona virus
Fantastic — now can we focus on getting jobs & a decent guaranteed  for all those unemployed before corona?  …
Could you imagine if we were not quarantined and all the restaurants were packed ? Corona may have saved a lot of lives today ? ! #arwx #jonesboro #Tornado
In Spain, the number of #corona deaths is climbing faster than in Italy. @InesLipperheide is fighting for her patients in an overcrowded intensive care unit. She reports conditions straight out of a "horror film“ and says: "I cry every day when I get  …
I’ve been nominated for way more stuff during this corona pandemic than I ever did in my career #everycloud
in a world where we are full of corona content here is something nice for your TL 
Using the Corona crisis, international cabal has only 2 targets. Modi and Trump Both disturbed the Oil, Arms & Pharma Trump didn't shoot bullet so Arms & Pharma effected & Modi insisted on Make in India disturbing International Pharma & Arms mafia God Bless them
Germany vs US (Germany activates their flying ICU plane, an Airbus A310 MedEvac, to fly corona patients from Italy to hospitals in Germany, Flordia goes to the beach) 
It’s not every day Madonna wears a pirate’s patch o’er her eye whilst she informs 1000s of ppl, just prior 2a pandemic, a bunch of them are going 2die, but when she does she wears a corona atop her head & instructs her dancers 2 wear gas masks & pretend to die. 
SO there is this IG guy I used to be mutuals with years ago. He LICKED a toilet for a video and got #corona. i already think this is disgusting, a waste of needed help. now a viral pic of ‘him and bil’ is actually a pic Billie and me took back in 2018... HOW STUPID IS HE LMFAO 
I’m Tired Of This Corona Shit
Clap for Boris is kinda harsh to be fair. Dealing with an STD on top of corona virus really is a bit much.
The fact that someone went to a hospital to be tested for corona just to be sure he doesn’t have the virus...only for him to be asked who he was (HIS TITLE)... it’s sad wlh very sad we are in trouble. Ya Allah help us
No way China is telling the truth about their Corona Virus numbers. Why would you believe a country that still has concentration camps
IT DOESNT FUCKING MATTER WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE SYMPTOMS! IF YOU ARE COMING FROM A COUNTRY THAT HAS CORONA VIRUS QUARANTINE YOURSELF!! ARE YOU FIVE YEARS OLD? STAY IN THE HOUSE FOR TWO WEEKS YOU WONT DIE! BUT OTHER PEOPLE COULD IF YOU DO LEAVE!
Corona virus doesn’t care if you are rich or poor but apparently the test does......
Another 2 Trillion for Corona relief, Hmm! It really isn't hard to guess where the majority of the money will end up - Major Banks and Corporations. Btw look at those smiles and yeah no masks for these people, they are immune to Corona somehow! $$is so rekt, sorry America! 
All the problems we've been discussing with respect to corona virus are being directed to @NCDCgov and Federal Government. With profound respect, what are these state governments doing with thier monthly billions for God sake. Some still believe Buhari and FG are our problems?
Le raore ge re ka groover ka di groups of 5 with low volume piano, corona e tlo re utlwa?
Tomorrow is my Bestie birthday but this Corona  spoil am all next year we celebrating it double double #ChurchWithShatta 
: “Boris Johnson is a sick man and should be quarantined.” : Because of corona virus?” :”What’s corona virus?”
Im only back for an update. (Found my old phone.) My moms been diagnosed with corona virus so I'm getting tested monday...I'm so scared and I miss you guys so much. Ill try my best to keep you guys updated, and I hope to see you guys soon. Ily
we are not asking for them to be posting constantly we want them to have the CHOICE to post and what in the WORLD does corona have to do with them not being able to post a selfie???????????? what is the correlation????????????  …
A hoe never gets corona
the corona effect 
I was prepared to believe the meme that corona would obliterate the status quo ante of the culture war, yesterday’s trivial bullshit would be wiped clean in the great wave of death and destruction hitting our shores. But nah. It’s all the same gay shit from the same gay idiots. 
India is the only #Corona affected country in the world where its head of the government has not given a press briefing on #CoronaUpdate!
In collaboration with the Sudanese federal ministry of health we have a launched a social media campaign to Help fight the COVID-19 corona virus be part of it help raise awareness by participating in this campaign to encourage others to stay home all you need to do is 
No, everyone is sick from Corona virus, but if you want to carry on doing whatever you see fit, please ensure you pass on any diseases to your nearest and dearest to ensure Darwin's theory is in full effect.
My father was rush into hospital yesterday and he’s confirmed to have the corona virus, #COVID19. He’s fighting for his life as we speak. I humbly request of you all to keep him in your du’as (prayers). #coronavirusuk #coronavirus
So haven’t been on for a while the world has gone mad with this corona virus .. but today I got 11 weeks clean from Drugs ,8 weeks from alcohol on Tuesday was feeling good until last few days feel bit down again think this whole staying in lark ..how are u all?
covid if it's a boy, corona if it's a girl
Insha Allah, Corona Virus will be gone before Ramadan, amin.  …
Corona = More chores to do at home
Foreigners think Turkey is an amazing country because they "care" for the other people during this corona virus outbreak. NO. Turkey is a hell and nobody actually cares. There are thousands of innocents in prisons but Turkey is not letting them go! ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye
Anyone got any charities that are actively aiding those impacted by Corona virus? I may be able to help. Preferably one that aids those most vulnerable x
RETWEET if you believe that after the Corona Virus dies down the Democrats will immediately begin accusing Trump of colluding with Africa.
Real time flight data Europe and the US. March 28 2020 (ie. today). Both fighting the same global pandemic, but somehow Europe is taking different measures... ... #Corona 
EPA Head Andrew Wheeler is a former coal industry lobbyist. He didn't “relax” EPA oversight of polluters as a response to the corona crisis. He did it so he & his friends could make billions by destroying the environment. 
Retweet if you’re corona virus free.
my results came back! i am officially corona-free (for now)
It’s like all the mobile networks have made a pact to be extra shitty in this Corona period
Till today, updates on confirmed corona virus cases. - U.S. reached 120,000 - Italy reached 90,000 - Spain reached 70,000 40% of the total world #CoronaVirus cases.
Opena Oshinima- Bonnie Pereko As singers, we use our voice to share awareness through music. “There is something amongst us dispersing the nation. It has a name and it’s called Corona Virus 19 It is killing and destroying Fellow humans, be alert, wake up while we have time...” 
Is She Outta Line....? Bro What? When She Quits They’re Literally Going To Find Someone Else To Replace Her. She’s Clearly Just An Expendable Worker To Her Cooperation. Now If She Contracted Corona & It’s Deadly, Can Her Kids Just Find Another Mother? 
It took 30 days for the first 1000 deaths in the US from corona. It took 48 hours for the next 1000. Stay home.
My friends and I were supposed to go to Wild n Out this week but ya know...corona but i decided to get ready anyways 
Any body else just randomly yell “Corona Virus” in Cardis voice?
I got TV, Smartphone, Tablet and Radio... why are you writing me a letter? You got Corona... I'm not opening that shit... #BorisLetter #BorisJohnson  …
#Iran is among the places where the #coronavirus has spread the most. "NRC is one of only five international humanitarian organisations in Iran. Now, we are trying to ramp up our hygiene and sanitation measures," says @NRC_Egeland. #Covid19 #corona 
Corona really has me bored. 
can't believe caleb finn got corona just to get on the trending page clout chaser guess he's missing that loko maniac hype 
My friend lives in Europe, met a guy in March during a book club meet. Liked each other. Corona lockdown. I don’t want to be left alone: they told each other. They are now temporary roommates & falling in love. They were discussing “Love in the Time of Cholera” at the book club
Before corona-isolation I made the trip to Alto Terrón in #Panama's rainforest, site of a religious massacre in January. While economy had boomed in recent decades, many  have been left without basic security and health  …
The very first Corona patient in China explains how he got rid of it. Its truly inspiring. Please listen to it carefully and spread the message to help others.. very inspiring and touching 
I can’t wait to neverrrrr hear about corona virus ever again.
With 30 corona virus cases in Uganda and y’all still have gas of sleeping and snoring even!!
when all this corona stuff passes, i will not be in the house for months. i will never not be dressed cute. i will always be busy. that’s a promise
i cannot wait until this corona virus shit blow over i wanna go to park , and hoop or some goddaaaamn
“why did the chicken cross the road? to avoid corona virus”
The Army has decided that ill-fated, overseas adventurism trumps homeland, or even troop, security. This is Hardly a hit piece: some of the previous DOD corona guidance has been sound enough. But the Army’s reversal is absurd, a-strategic and unethical.  …
You got Corona Test kits or something?  …
Please please pleeeease take this Corona Virus stuff serious Guys !! I lost my Grandad yesterday to it and it’s really hard to take in that it hit so close to home . He won’t be walking around this house anymore and it’s tearing me up but me and the Fam will get through this !!
NJ gov slams 47-person 'corona party' after earlier warning against gatherings: 'This is not a game' , more details : 
reminder this isn’t just bc of corona virus — this is becuase of how our whole society is structured, and failing  …
Why didn’t Corona ruin winter instead of possibly summer
This Corona virus It's like You can't have it unless u get tested. 
Coronavirus: COVID-19 infection can spread before showing any symptoms. #science #corona #coronavirus #coronaoutbreak #coronavirusupdate #coronaviruspandemic #covid19 #covid_19 #infection #virus 
Nigeria’s case in fighting the #CoronaVirus is being made worse by those who are resisting the fight and even burning and looting public property because they think #Corona is a virus created to stop us from praying. Why are we doing this to ourselves?
It's because corona virus is real, climate change use to be called seasons
The greatest musician i have Stan in my life, he is the definition of a super mega star, his light has shine to everyone under his canopy, he is a music guru. I wish our big Queen quick recovery from Corona Virus. 
We are fighting more than one lethal virus: Corona & Morona
When corona-fantasy meets corona-reality. 
There is fake news going round that Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom has been tested positive for Corona Virus. The Queen is in good spirit and currently at Windsor Castle, County of Berkshire, Southeast of England. Ignore the baseless news. 
Germany activates their flying ICU plane, an Airbus A310 MedEvac, to fly corona patients from Italy to hospitals in Germany.  
my prime minister doesn’t have corona virus..?  
apparently symptoms of corona virus are no taste, id like to send support to all @mcskywalk fans in this troubling time
If anyone you love dies of Corona and you blame China and not your own govt. for not blocking flights (because every conservative liar & shill is calling it the "China virus") then you are a moron. You are beyond stupid and beneath contempt.
Today's Live stream Corona Virus Update: 
Breaking News Spain authorities are reporting more than 70,000 confirmed corona virus cases. #coronavirus
Forget Buju them. Stay at home and worship please. Avoid crowded places. More official cases of Corona virus have been reported. God help those who help themselves. 
apparently a corona virus symptom is having no taste, thoughts go out to all the kpop stans at this time
If you are a small business struggling due to Corona Virus, the new Paycheck Protection Program lets you take out an SBA loan to cover 8 weeks of payroll, rent and utilities. This includes the cost of re-hiring laid off staff. After 8 weeks, the loan is FORGIVEN. Details: 
Indeed one can only get contracted by the corona virus by the will of God, but that shouldn't be a reason not to take a preventive measure or pray harder. May the Almighty heal our brothers and sisters out there and protect us all from CoronaVirus.
Y’all if corona won’t here ... we would be at a darty this exact moment.. WTF
I meet another freelancer, Michael, his is a life filled with words and creativity, he has lyrics he says and wants to do ‘collabo’ with some of Kenya’s music idols he admires. A song on CORONA is the offing for him, he has another on CORRUPTION, and another on LIFE and TIMES. 
if sitting 6 ft apart from eachother and have no signs of corona and do not let bodily  out of the mouth or nose in the air & disinfected the area in which we sit in before & after, then how does one get corona?
Even corona can’t shake off the filth out of our society ... mardankhalio you make sick!! Rapists must be hanged !  …
Abbey Road crosswalk finally gets a paint job during the corona shutdown  
For those, who keep asking me about the lower death rate in Germany. #Corona  …
Corona virus has done 2 things Brought out the best in people Brought out the worst in people
Kj should have put those stats on the Parliament whatsapp group sisi there's nothing we can do we are stuck at home waiting for the Corona guy to give us updates
Y’all are upset that a nurse who survived cancer 3 times quit because she doesn’t want to catch corona and die and leave her kids motherless? ARE WE IN THE FUCKING TWILIGHT ZONE?!?!?!?
I hope whoever unfollowed me gets corona 
Meanwhile in the City of New Orleans there’s a second line going on during the corona outbreak 
Cunts are INSANE :)))) he's actually ko on insta he has corona virus :)))))) 
if corona doesnt wipe us all out, i am deff going to folsom in SF and market days in chicago this year
Should I drop now are wait to all this corona shit ova
It has taken only 2 years for the Toy Soldier to lead the country into junk status. Well done!! Let's see the media blame the Corona virus @ferialhaffajee @AdriaanBasson 
Lmaooooooo I messaged this guy owing me on WhatsApp now. Me; howfr bro Him: nawa for u ooo, even as corona wan kill us, u never still forget this money?? Me: bro, na howfr I talk oooo
코로나 - Corona, or Coronavirus 마스크 - English word for mask Doctor in Korea explaining COVID19, and the importance of wearing masks. 
my friend flew back to australia on a flight I was meant to catch too, and now he’s in hospital with corona...
Spreading Corona...Isolate him in Tihar. #Kejriwal_is_a_snake 
what if we all stayed inside for like the quarantine and then like we actually listened to the government and then boom like Corona is over and we can go back to our normal lives... wouldn't it be like nice lol
How can people even say WINNER does bare minimum for fans when they fulfill their  promises, hold free online concert & fanmeet w/c were cancelled due to corona & drop their live perfs on YT cos they won’t attend music shows. Not to mention their individual gigs?
*PRESS RELEASE* *COVID 19: Kebbi State Commissioners donate half salaries to fight pandemic in Kebbi* In their  towards ensuring the success of the ongoing fight against the raging global Corona Virus Pandemic ( COVID 19), 
IF UR PARENTS CLAIM U AS DEPENDENT IN THEIR TAXES, UR NOT GETTING MONEY FROM THE CORONA THING TRUMP JUST SIGNED. IT DOESNT MATTER IF U WORK. UR NOT GETTING ANY. and its not fair at all. 
This online econo-corona-seminar is a fantastic innovation, and an excellent sign of the rapid mobilization of the  to better understand any and all aspects of the post-pandemic world. Fellow econs, click through to sign up to attend the next seminars.  …
Everyone on WhatsApp  to be the first person to break Corona virus news every now and then. Gbogbo wa ti di blogger ojiji.
Corona virus reach Queen Elizabeth side ...am never leaving my house again tbh 
Love in the Time of Corona: My youngest daughter celebrating her 8th birthday today with all of her friends. 
What idiot called it a "corona party" instead of a "only one brain cell support group"  …
Has China lied about the #of deaths from the corona virus? Why did they have 10,000 urns delivered if they claim only 3199 deaths?  …
After corona virus shi and my parents ask me where I'm going to? Me:  …
The Canadian carbon tax will increase by 50% in 3 days. The Canadian economy cannot handle a 50% increase in taxes(without massive increases to inflation) along with a partial shutdown because of the Corona virus.
All I know is, there better me MAD new music put out once corona done. What was y’all doing all this time at ya crib with the built in studio??
 … my art aid to Corona virus
On average a person with corona virus will pass it on to three people, those three will pass it on to three each (nine), those nine will pass it to three each (27). By the time your virus has been through 10 transmissions you have infected 59,000 people. (contd)
Two Images most talked about. One is a Hero while other one is a villain. In this thread, We will see How Li Wenliang is a Hero & Modus operandi of WHO on Corona. @chillaxer_ @Preetam_M_Rao @___Perc3pti0ns_ @D_hullabaloo @AnuragJaisingh #WuhanVirus 
E.Europeans are needed now or fruit & veg will remain unpicked in British fields. Big disruption has been caused by corona virus & 90,000 vacancies must be filled. Many left after the brexit vote & for some strange reason they don't want to return to Britain Selfish ingrates
Cant fix stupid..NJ gov slams 47-person 'corona party' after earlier warning against gatherings: 'This is not a game'  …
We know how hard you try to stop the spread of the corona virus #COVIDー19 in our great state,our thoughts and prayers are with you,May Allah the owner of All sovereignty grant you shifa and all those infected with the pandemic 
The coughing in the background as she adds more corona
Fuck CORONA 
We just want equality everywhere. There are thousands, being arrested in harsh conditions, although corona virus' spreading around the whole country and all over the world. Turkey must release those who are in prison without any discrimination. #ZamanDaralıyorAcilTahliye
Shimza is the solution for corona.. HE must play everyday we'll stay indoors . DR SHIMZA 
2/Valley  - not too unlike Cambridge Analytica - called Palantir Technologies, ostensibly to assist with the UK's Corona Virus response. It's being tasked to build a giant dashboard to discover and map out Virus 'hotspots'. Now some information on Palantir...
Gaga probably was gonna spend her birthday rehearsing and getting ready for her show at iheartradio music awards tomorrow... no words for how much i despise corona for ruining all these surprises 
Corona Virus is an indicator that some of our theories are wrong. 2 plus 2 is not always 4 and God is the ultimate controller of all things, all things!
So what about this Corona Virus thing then?
Ron DeSanitis bared the Miami Herald from attending the Corona update because their questions are too hard. DeSantis Sucks. 
Random coffee thought. The national park is regenerating at a fabulous rate. Has anyone calculated the amount of carbon that is being locked up in all this new growth? (and can someone please tweet that there is a direct link between climate change and the corona virus)
Wow, @IdoAmitLab @EranElinav and their colleagues at the Weizmann Institute are setting up a massive corona testing facility. This sounds fantastic. Are others following? Can we do this? @cees_dekker @AlexandervanOu1 @oncodeinstitute  …
The NCDC figures on Corona virus is not accurate, there is a 12yr old at LUTH currently undergoing treatment. The meds practitioner attended to him unprotected and hv been told to isolate. They didnt think his respiratory illness was Covid19.Kid tested positive.
University Labour Party Chair Celebrates Prime Minister's Corona Diagnosis - National File  …
so who’s  visit me when all this corona stuff is settled down, watch movies, go to the beach everyday, have Jesus talks, go on adventures, go on a hike with, and be crazy with???
FYI, influenza is caused by viruses too. In fact, 7%-15% of the influenza viruses are of the "corona" type similar to COVID-19... Ask Dr. Fauci, as he stated this fact in an interview.
CORONA DIARIES Day 11 I feel like I suddenly have all the time in the world and none of the motivation to clean my bathroom.
Bringing back my nose piercing after corona releases us. 
Corona has my debut match postponed!This queen bad bitch was ready for her reutn against another baddie @thejamiesenegal! Next week April 4th, in honor of the match I will be doing a youtube video recapping my reactions of old matches & yes I will be in full gear! Girl Hello! 
We used to boil water on the stove to take baths I promise you if this corona shit get bad We gon survive idk bout u other niggas
Because it’s all a fake show. 5G causes the flu like symptoms. The vaccine for the Corona Virus contains the 
Have been there sleeping and I started dreaming about the 7 new Corona cases, now the local man can't sleep in peace
in the time of corona sometimes you just need to throw on your best diamonds, your favorite cologne, and some pajamas to go to the grocery store.
In your name. Corona has a cure.
Just saw contagion (2011) In the movie 1 Virus arises from a bat in china 2 Contagious by touch 3 Self isolation and washing hand is taken as protective measure 4 Exactly same symptoms with corona 5 The character leading the fight happens to be black I mean ... 
THIS IS FOR CORONA YOU BIG FAT WHITE NASTY SMELLING FAT BITCH WHY YOU RUINED GAGA’S POP ERA WITH YOUR TRIFFLIN DIRTY WHITE RACIST ASS YOU BIG FAT BITCH OOMPA LOOMPA BODY ASS BITCH  …
If scientist are serious about finding a cure for Corona virus they should be studying Keith Richards immune system. 
Truth is most of the equipment that we are buying for this Corona within such a short time, we already had this money since, why have we refused to dedicate consistent investment on our health care sector for our national good?
Take care and co-operate. Together we will defeat corona. @BBhuttoZardari @psfmansoor 
Don’t let Boris Johnson blame you for his Corona failures!  …
CORONA VIRUS: GOVERNOR SANI BELLO TESTS NEGATIVE...REMAINS IN SELF-ISOLATION TO STAY SAFE. Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello has tested negative for the dreaded Corona Virus disease, otherwise known as 
Imagine: it’s a Saturday in March 2019. You go to beat and buy pitchers with your friends. Then you walk down high street and get Charra for dinner. After some margs and a quesadilla you go home. You’re asleep by 8 PM. The only corona you know about is with a lime. Life is good.
caleb finn caught corona i fucking hate it here why couldnt it be someone problematic
People are posting videos all over YouTube of hospitals that  EMPTY. NO TESTING. Not one of them are overrun by ANYBODY except the "CORONA GHOST" that doesn't exist but is somehow still terrorizing the world
XXXtentacion was my favorite rapper. When he passed away my friend laughed at his passing, today his mother died from the Corona Virus. God works in mysterious ways
God I promise after this corona passes I’ll never be ungrateful again , Amen.
I think this is Florida again. Florida that has seen a marked uptick in the last week and has an an aging demographic. Is “Corona Brain” going to  a new insult?  …
If one more person reveals another plan that Gaga had for us that isn’t gonna happen anymore bc of corona I’ll actually pass out and not wake up 
Amazing gesture and solidarity from Albania. A developing country that might face a its own Corona crisis in the near future, sends more than 30 doctors to Italy.  …
Official photographer and official corona crusted mail opener. You're   …
Biggest ‘mind blown’ (insert sound effect here) moment of the week is finding out @Chris_Stark has a child! Massive respect for keeping your private life as private as possible until now (dammit corona)
We've survived EBOLA We've survived Lassa fever We've survived HIV AIDS We've survived Malaria We'll survive this CORONA VIRUS Insha Allah.
Gaga was gonna perform at the iHeartRadio music awards, do a Coachella set, release an album and probably a music video in 2 weeks and now she can't. she said let's give the gays everything they want and corona said hi i'm FUMING 
When a particular person contacted corona virus especially a politician some people Tend to forget he is a human like them ,keep party opposition aside and pray together pls.
if corona wasn’t happening we’d be getting gaga award show performance tomorrow and coachella surprise performance in 2 weeks and probably so many other appearances... WHY WHY WHY 
I’m so sick of this Corona shit
Due to the limitations in place due to the Corona virus, DSC UNN is having its very first online interactive session on how to land remote jobs and the tools required for it. Tune in using the zoom app for mobile or desktop!  … #SocialDistancing 
gaga had so much plan for chromatica era... surprise coachella set, iheard radio awards performance, apple performance and MORE... miss corona really ruined it 
This is the time we keep politics and personal interests aside and face  enemy Corona. If we do not unite and protect ourselves then our ego and stupidity will perish us. My prayers are with all those affected, May Allah heal you all
This was sent to me by a friend earlier. This Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commander says: 'We are ready to help America  corona. Americans are suffering because of the spread of corona among them. The infrastructure is powerless to help the American people.' 
Flash:Corona virus update. Gov @abusbello tests negative. Still to maintain self 
Whenever I used to talk about Animal Crossing, ppl used to have no clue what I was talking about..now everyone  fruits. Starting to believe corona was just a master plan from Nintendo to get the entire planet to buy Animal Crossing on release day...genius plan.
It looks like the corona virus we are all tryna beat  …
Corona, you sneaky motherfucker 
Trump is making a serious play with sending the Comfort to NY. Placing non Corona infected people in it to free up hospitals for virus infected. Cuomo will need to fill those empty rooms with the infected. He can’t. Once again, Trumps chess play is epic.
So since they will spy on ppl's phones for Corona virus, there should be absolutely no excuses for violent crime or terrorists being allowed to kill us in the future right?
Corona fucked up chromatica. There was so many things planned. A secret Coachella set, a iHeartTadio performance, big collabs and ITS ALL BEEN RUINED.
Since this corona virus entered Nigeria I have stopped seeing ‘I’m sick please pray for me’ on statuses
FDA grants approval for a 15 minute Corona virus test. All well and good but how long before the people who do the testing get it? Is this just another way to slow the process down?
Aga khan hosp stops all sort of corona tests, screening and admissions 
Trump just said "ready reserves" "those are two big words" and then repeated it "ready reserves". I Googled it and wow! One business came up, on CORONA Dr! The address on the window (64) is different than the address in the search. Post 64 "Accelerated Counteractions" 
the way we would’ve had the rain on me single announcement, a performance at iheartawards, and a Coachella performance all this and next month but a virus ruined it all WHEN I CATCH YOU MISS CORONA 
Corona charting when Chromatica era supposed to start, cancelling all of gagas surprise performances I HATCHU CORONA I HATCHU SO MUCH GIRL! 
Can tell us where and how to bury our dead (non corona deaths) but can’t give us a test. #WHO says test test and retest. Germany testing 500,000 a week. Korea tested millions. We don’t even test all returning NZdrs.
The new Corona Challenge is watching the Gal Gadot Imagine video all the way through.
CORONA VIRUS: GOVERNOR SANI BELLO TESTS NEGATIVE **** REMAINS IN SELF-ISOLATION TO STAY SAFE. Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello has tested negative for the dreaded Corona Virus disease, otherwise known as COVID-19. #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #CoronaUpdate 
corona virus saved cod
Today’s Conundrum Why are some cities threatening jail if you leave your house ... .. and at the same time releasing prisoners from jail .. both due to Corona Virus
My teachers husband tested positive for the corona virus and he’s on ventilator y’all pls pray
nope corona took my job so i’m broke
I HATCHU CORONA 
Nation can defeat this menace with our resilience, courage & collective efforts in enforcing preventive measures; most important of which are maintaining personal hygiene & social distancing” writes the father of a recovered patient of corona virus to CM Sindh. 
You guys have a secret bracket in your head of which of your friends will get corona first?
I HATE YOU FAT CORONA I FUCKING HATE YOU GIRL  …
Huge if true. Baltics joining the 9 would mean half of the original Hansa countries now in the Corona bond camp. and as well. Remaining holdouts are (predictably) . And . No idea why.  …
Corona got every girl rocking crayon hair
Going on to house party and seeing your friends already in a room is the equivalent to (before corona) going on to Snapchat and seeing that your friends went out without you
"Policing the Corona State" is a joint collaboration between @Netpol and @UndercoverNet to chronicle the daily impact of policing and emergency powers during the current lockdown. Here's today's diary entry  … 
Niggas like this are the reasons why corona exists  …
For the umpteenth time, Corona Virus is not a death sentence but a disease like any other that can be  Lets adhere to the protocols set by the @NCDCgov and remain steadfast in prayers. We  out stronger in sha Allah.
SHOCKING Faisal Edhi says they received 6 to 7 dead bodies of #Corona suspects only in Punjab and due fear of spread of #coronavirus they are shutting down their centres in across the 
Thats it for me at GP. Take it away corona
Anytime time Corona is brought up in your awareness, practice Ho’oponopono “I am sorry, please forgive me, thank you, I love you” this will transmute the energy and literally heal these thought patterns and energies in our collective
To be very honest im nt feeling like im in any sort of quarantine cas on a normal day I’m always indoors, d only time I go out is to get food which i still do now so.....even better cas all the roads ae free nd peaceful now I actually lik it like this but corona should go sha
Next time you hear the trope "Corona showed that we can move everything online" tell them to check the evidence. A decade ago Hinds and Crompton made a strong case for the necessity  in person and virtual teamwork.  …
Dear Corona,this one you’ve gotten to el rufai,I take God name beg you,no carry yourself go Kano abeg.. just stop for this Abuja abeg.
From Self-Isolation to Self-exploration. We invite you to introduce a measure of calming reassurance into your lives by doing this simple guided meditation offered by Sadhguru.  #coronavirus #StayHome #StayAtHome #beatthevirus #goinside #corona 
Indiana not giving me a break .... no gym because corona so people say go outside. Except we are on thunderstorm watch when it’s 70 degrees outside then the next day it’s going to be 40 degrees with chance of snow and clear skies
coming back home because of this corona nonsense, has made me realise when i’m back at uni i’m not visiting for a while.
“Look at my wrist corona, my neck got Ebola”
WHO had no clue that Corona can spread from person to person either  …
*Zuckerberg donates 25$million for Corona research* People on welfare : wow, only 25$mill.
They must focus on corona tbh  …
‘my wrist got corona, my neck got ebola’ it’s a rolex bar, kinda sick ngl
Ah! I just open my TL and its full of Corona Virus Abeg is that the new iPhone model
HELLO TWITTER WORLD. THE CORONA VIRUS HAS NOT KILLED ME
Circle, post status to “Caleb gave me the corona... pray for me #StayHealthy #GodsPlan” ... send
Alpha pharmacy doing it the right way. They are out there working for you Please stay home for them. Muse: Pharm Stephen Oyeniran credit: unknown Location : Alpha Pharmacy Lagos #Pharmacist #Pharmacist_against_Corona #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe 
Meanwhile in the City of New Orleans there’s a second line going on during the corona outbreak 
Corona virus will finish before Ramadan  …
Corona Virus Updates India : 1024 confirmed 915 active 85 recovered 24 death
Dear chomu middle class of India, No thali, ghanti, taali for the hapless workers struggling to save their lives from corona, hunger, poverty and police? Ab aao balcony pe..?
One of the major symptoms of the Corona Virus is invisibility.
my daughter has drawn the corona walrus 
Day 5 quarantine I made what my business offers, pancakes, sausage, scrambled eggs and chicken.... strictly at Ibadan for now we would continue after Corona season 
Mike doesn’t even know what Corona is, he’s just sad people  to see him anymore :(
Some dumbass Australian gave me corona #ugh
A very special episode of @rustyrockets's Under The Skin podcast about the effects Corona will have on culture just dropped. Listen here:  
In the last week, Italy discovered that the Corona Tests China sold them were defective. Now the Dutch government is recalled Chinese masks. The only thing China has done successfully is buy journalists.   …
Praying for healing for all who are down with Corona Virus - and many others who sick from other different ailments Healing/Light/Love This too shall pass!!
Yes I’m unimpressed with Zuckerberg and Gates, two of the richest people in America—worth  $160 BILLION—giving $25 million to  Corona. The two of them could give $1 Billion without a blink. They should be mocked for giving just $25M.
Jerry somehow being immune to corona but still getting the normal flu and coughing on everyone  …
Try me corona virus 
Corona 2020: “How’s it hit you when you get that kind of news? Man what’d you do?” “I went mountain biking. I went sand box diving I went 1x6 ft on vegetable garden. And I loved deeper...” #MakeTheMost #GetTheWheatReady 
Fired Monday, hired Tuesday: Hope for some workers in the 'corona-conomy'  …
UPDATE: SANTA CORONA A follower snapped this great image of the lil boat heading north under the #Manotick Bridge. Slight list to port but steady as she goes...thanks @danauns27 ! 
Nawa o.. people can't even cough or sneeze peacefully again without others around them thinking its Corona .
Thank you to all of our health care providers and those who advocate for universal health care. We are all entitled to the corona virus testing and and vaccinations. That includes the homeless, working poor, disabled, incarcerated folks and all others.  …
#coronavirus Israel terrorist regime demolishes a corona virus clinic aimed at supporting sick Palestinians SILENCE IS COMPLICITY @IntlCrimCourt @HRW @BorisJohnson  …
The corona virus is not gonna stop agriculture. Got a corn variety trial planted today in Noxubee Co. Many thanks to those that helped. 
WHO dissing #CoronaCuringChloroquine in major studies to decide  corona drug. Famous crooks, WHO,  Gates/Soros poison with other drugs already known to be crap. Look for poison 2B picked over crap, as only approved prescription 
My 2 cents: I think corona WAS natural, but this version escaped via lab accident. 1. So much covering up & lying by China. 2. If virus cannot live on inanimate objects, why we seeing them sprayed in China & S. Korea? 3. So much more deadly than flu. 4. Young ppl no symptoms (?)
YA ALLAH! Forgive us and Protect us from Corona Virus and all the other Diseases (Spiritual and Physical) Ameen
+ Findom Finsub Cuck + I was getting ready to travel to a different state to get some dick NEXT week and Ms. Corona wants to get TOO serious. He already paid for my flight bitch, chill. 
Seen a couple with mask and gloves on and seriously they make me feel like I need to stay away from them. #corona
Little Contribution From my side to #PMCARES to Fight Corona Virus. 
Modi is expecting his 'friend' Trump to help him out from #CoronaCrisis, but Trump is struggling to survive himself as US is the world leader now with #Corona infection. Modi should shed his ego and ask Xi for China's help. Otherwise, it might cost thousands of lives.
You’ve got to give it up for Burundi. No corona case As in they just see it on TV
When boxing is life but you can’t risk catching corona 
corona a triflin ass bitch for fuckin everything up
corona needa kill these damn bees tf
Corona I take God beg you leave my Papa alone.
Whatever is happening around the world right now is just more than the Corona Virus. Open your Eyes
Some countries are flattening the curve as they take aggressive measures. Others have steep curves as deaths grow rapidly. We can learn from those that beat the corona virus.  … 
This ship is NOT for “Corona” however for “Operations” and “Other” - Mass arrests are upon us! #Comfort #Mercy
Every Party Group when Corona is over 
This Just In: The Corona Virus or #CONVID19 is a regular virus and not  one. Some giant robots refuse to believe that and have locked me in with them in a TV news room in a quarantine attempt. Because they are stupid. #KNN #KaijuNewsNetwork 
I’m a straight, white, privately educated male. How can I carve out a place for myself in the new nobility hierarchy of victimhood? I know! I will tweet that I have had corona virus!
Also plz stop politicising the issue. You think no one is noticing but this politics on corona is worst thing you can do to Pakistan. Worst than corruption  …
"Why is Corona only catching the rich...?" No dear. It's catching and killing the poor daily. But unlike the rich, the poor do not have access to the testing kits, facilities or quarantine centers, so they think their loved ones are dying of malaria or sudden spiritual attacks.
If Punjab police keep beating everyone who leaves their house, the corona virus doesn’t stand a chance lmaooo 
3 missiles exploded above my city.. if corona wont get me then Iranians will 
Thank you China, for sending 1.3 million face masks to The Netherlands....... Next time please send a bit better quality.... 600,000 have to be thrown away because they don’t protect against Corona.
Corona Conspiracy Hour #CCH ep 1: Chinese Urns & Cell Phones China reported 3,000 deaths but are shipping tens of thousands of urns to funeral homes. Also 21M cell phone accounts have been canceled in the last 3 months. WHY?? Real Eyes realize WATCH:  
Yeah! People are gonna die... which is.. terrible.... but like... inevitable? Vanessa Hudgens on Instagram Live talking about corona 
So the long and short of the story is that #corona is a conspiracy and deliberate attempt to jeopardise the lives and economy of the world. Moral of the story is don't trust China and it's pets. #WHO_envolvement.  …
Conversation with my 5yr old. Jay: Why can't we walk down our favourite path? Is it because of Corona virus? Me: Yeh, it's too norrow. Jay: I don't like Corona virus. Me: Remember the last time we went down it? Jay: Them were the days. #coronavirus 
Retweet If you believe Trump is doing a good job handling the Corona Virus. The media won’t let you be heard & is now censoring White House press conferences to stop Trump’s Corona Virus approval rate from going up higher.
caleb finn has corona i feel so bad for laughing at this tiktok tho 
I filled up my car with $35. Maybe Miss Corona snapped
Guys let's all agree before this Corona saga ends, we are giving Dj PH the crown for the best hip hop Dj in Mzanzi right??? 
DISOBEDIENT RELIGIOUS IDIOTS A Kaduna Imam said that there's no Corona & so his followers broke into a chant: "Mallam said no corona and we say no corona" Unfortunately, #COVID19 does not overlook stupidity. Religion + Ignorance = DEATH 
The United States being the place with the most cases of corona is not funny at all. It’s scary
Who ever did this is a f***ing coward! #شمال_الرياض Like corona was not enough we got to deal with #Houthi drama too!!!
idc if i get corona that dick needs me!!!!!
This is just nasty. Being PM is a hard job. Plus the poor bloke has corona. And no I'm not a Conservative voter, I'm human fgs. What is wrong with ppl? You try being PM during a pandemic and see how far u get. Geez  …
God if you just give me pretty privilege, I promise to find the cure for Corona. Because you're giving me brains and they are useless. As though anyone looks at a woman and says "alas, what wonderful brains she has" Sawa. Last warning.
I don't know if you guys paid attention to what happened this month with all the Corona talk but the U.S. got rid of its reserve banking requirements in this crisis The banks now have zero reserve requirements meaning our money is backed by NOTHING We're living through history
Instagram influencers and paid tweeters have finally found a strategy on how to use and make money off corona virus. Mashallah koyiee limit nahin hai. Khawindon ko salute and businesses promote ho rahay hain.
Where do u think corona came from? Dinosaurs trynna wipe us out so they can get their land back
Corona virus 2 weeks ago 
I feel like if kelela were to drop a surprise album it would cleanse the earth of the corona virus in an instant.
For God Sake, Take CORONA VIRUS seriouslyit’s not a joke Please apologise to Allah, that HE forgive us Say ASTAGFIRULLAH 
yoooo 3 ppl tested positive for Corona virus at the Walmart on Jefferson Davis
It’s like this Corona want to finish attacking our leaders first before it turns to us (Yaku bayi).
Corona in Nordic countries: +.... = new cases in last 7 days Green = declared healthy Döda = deaths Last lines = confirmed cases per 1 million inhabitants Source SVT  
Why not die trying to remove Zanu- PF than died of corona or poverty ?
me: i wanna have fun and celebrate my bday tonight corona:  …
Kudos to DC Sargodha Mr. Abdullah Nayyar & team for launching free home-delivery service in times of Corona; a time where Social distancing is encouraged, such measures contribute practically to ensuring food accessibility. #StayHomeStaySafe  …
The curve will not flatten because the ladies at the tills exposed to Corona will take it to the full taxi into the full township  …
Our bfs fought apartheid now corona. Sembi
Huge mistakes African leaders are making is to copy/paste what developed countries have done to fight against CORONA. Please what works in Europe/America is not must to work here. Think beyond the box. @Yahya_Kifyatu @EdgarNicas @mtanzania @MsigwaGerson @PKefand @Kiganyi_
Since the outbreak of corona, have you ever seen anything like “I’m sick, need your prayers”?
Someone’s name is Thunder fire?? I didn’t even read it until I saw your response I hardly read anonymous posts . Pls ignore and let’s keep working hard and praying this Corona  history Stay safe sister  …
so you can throw me to the corona virus tomorrow i  back leader of the pandemic 
Because of #Israeli_blockade , the shortage in medicines and medical disposables in #Gaza exceeds 50%. #Covid_19 #Corona 
anyone: corona, isolation, depression, anxiety me:  …
i joined the corona club
So today i went to my cousin’s wedding at yakasai, and some people were busy shouting “CORONA VIRUS” as they saw me. Guys do i look like corona?? I’m in severe pain
#Sindh #Covid19 data gives enough space to @SindhCMHouse sindh government to plan a more productive strategy to fight against corona virus. Data analytics... geo fencing can play a bigger role. Sindh team needs to make strategy... enough of media talks and announcements only ! 
Watercolors over an @declanshalvey Thor piece, I am available for paid color work as I'm not working due to Corona virus if anybody is looking for this type of color work 
The first Saturday after this corona shit is the Pork party. For those of us who will be alive, it will be a vibe. A celebration!
23:15 CORONA PATIENT Let's stay at home guys.. It's serious than we all imagine quick recovery Siz... #TheSafeExit #CurfewKenya #CoronaUpdate #KaaNyumbani #KenyanTraffic @citizentvkenya  via @HonBenard
Due to the Corona Virus, I will no longer be able to shake your hand or hug you. You may however bow down to me or kneel before me....either will be fine.
UPDATE: SANTA CORONA Our first intercept! Canoe guy was the first contact on the voyage. He just sent a nice email and update to post. Thanks Jeff, and we appreciate you taking the time to record the rendezvous & throwing it back in to continue the adventures! 
Nigerian Governors closing down their state’s ‘borders’ is the Corona content I didnt know I had signed up for  …
Babajide Sanwo-Olu has impressed Lagosians with his response to the corona virus outbreak. But he needs to self isolate. We need to remind him that he is disobeying NCDC instruction to state governors. He came in contact with Abba Kyari and needs to self isolate. Simple as ABC.
If you stay home, I stay home. Everybody stays home. Corona too will go back home.
Calling for @AmerMedicalAssn to donate the revenue generated from their CPT coding copyright to physicians affected by the corona virus. Many physicians are losing their livelyhoods. Physicians are being fired, sanctioned & are w/out protection. Some have died. The AMA must act!  …
Is a life so cheap ? 20,000 people dying is ok is it? By this Govt? By our media ? These lives mean something to the people that love them !!? !!!! How dare this Govt and the media put a low value on death. Any loss of life to this Corona virus is tragic!!
All you can do right now is abide by the regulations imposed by the government, pray for yourself and other brothers and sisters around the globe against the Corona Virus (positively/negatively tested or untested) . May Allah protect us all.
Some league players still won't wash their hands nor practice social distancing to protect against transmitting Corona but would never ever chase a Singed thru his poison cloud. Bruh... you worried about the wrong virus.
Me immediately they blow the whistle that corona is over 
Pac-man mfs when corona passes and they have to attend offline events 
So a friend who is a doctor in Shifa Hospital, Islamabad got exposed to a suspected corona patient who came for a delivery. The attendants lied about their history and the whole staff is now exposed. Tests are not being taken due to weekend. #WTF
Demo shared @KansersizYasam's fund raising campaign to support people who are fighting cancer and are among groups that can be most affected during corona outbreak  … 
Abeg raise your hands if you want to have sex aggressively after this corona shit is over
Hazbunallahu wa ni’imal wakil... Kaduna state governor Malam Nasiru El-rufa’i @elrufai has been tested positive for corona virus COVID-19. May Allah S.W.T grant him and all the victims shifa’a.
everyone tweeting about corona virus but no one tweeting bout their Feelings how r u boys
Yusuf Savran, a Turkish doctor who runs Pandemic service in a university, sounded alarm bells for #Turkey. He says the rate of increase on the number of #Corona cases and death toll is ahead of #Italy, warns it will get 
May Allah grant @elrufai and every other person affected by this Corona virus. Wishing them quick recovery. Allah ka kara tsare mu da zuri’an mu. Ameen Ya Allah !!!
I'm Bobi Wine's fan but Bebe Cool's "Corona Distance" is better than Bobi Wine's Corona song!!
Kaduna state governor Nasir El Rufai a man of excellence, trying all his best to protect his state and citizens from corona virus but ended up caught up with the virus... He recently imposed a curfew in KD all for protecting his citizens. We wish him nothing but quick recovery.
Reminder that Trump said corona will disappear like a miracle almost exactly one month ago, and now we're talking about New York, New Jersey and Connecticut being locked down Exponential growth is one hell of a ride
Thank you @CNN for NOT airing Trump's send off for the #Comfort. Now if only you would do the same for Trump's FREE daily red meat for his base campaign speech and blatant lies to the American people known as the corona virus "briefing". #AirFauciOnly
PTI govt has breached Debt Limitation Act of PK, and it must be challenged in the @supremeCourtPak. No further loans in the name of corona pandemic. Only mobilize domestic resources. @HamidMirPAK @Xadeejournalist @murtazasolangi  …
East Africa ! The reason as to why Rwanda has the highest Case of Corona Virus is simply because its a small country ! People are congested Lets keep safe still ! We shouldn’t take this Virus for Granted!
How many corona virus costumes will we be seeing this Halloween?
People in Turkey are extremely worried about their loved ones in prison. They pose a grave danger of corona infection. Why are you waiting for? Are you waiting for massive deaths in prison? Please be reasonable and human. ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye TimeRunsOut ImmediateRelease
The Netherlands has actually ordered 1.3 million Chinese masks and the HALF were useless. “Several doctors closely involved in fighting the corona outbreak are concerned about the spread of unsafe protective equipment across the country.” 
Hey @apple, according to  … you are collecting data about “use” of your corona virus screening app from users’ devices (but not survey answers). This is weasel wording and unacceptable. What *precise* data are you collecting, and for which explicit purposes?
Ya Allah please guide us in finding a cure for Corona virus before more of our brothers and sisters in humanity fall ill and die. Ya Allah those who have fallen ill, grant them Shifaa (healing). Ameen .
O Allah save everyone of us from Corona Virus. Ameen. 
The way Nana Addo is handling this Corona virus issue de3 Sofo Kyiri Abosom sef get hope pass Mahama oooo...... Chairman make beans
Chairman Go Sleep Inside Coffin For 3 DAYS Now Corona Virus Kill En Client Ey this life
Dear educators, Based on Ss stories, tech equity is a HUGE concern in distance learning. What are we doing to make sure our students make it across? Corona is re-revealing inequalities in education. Use this as a reminder of that. Signed, Me 
During autism awareness next week , will anybody bother to acknowledge our children? recognize how difficult it is for a child/adult on the spectrum right now ?, the world never tried to understand autism before Corona why would now be any different.
925 healed in Italy in the last 24 hours. I see no one sharing. If they were dead, everyone would share! Share positivity... #corona #coronavirus #covid_19 #covid19 
The traitorous, pro-American government in Bolivia, which came after legally elected President Evo Morales, is now seeking China's help  the Corona virus. Where are their US friends now. Hypocrites. Long live President Evo Morales.
Corona might messed up my Senior Year but not my Senior pictures <3 ;) 
Liberal Cities Under Attack By The Corona Virus...NEW YORK CITY...LOS ANGELES...SAN FRANCISCO...SEATTLE...PORTLAND...NEW ORLEANS...CHICAGO...DETROIT...ETC...WHY?
Due to #corona we got many requests in the recent days if we could help with hotlines. We built a fancy #Docker based IVR system so you can easily run your own version of our @diegemeinschaft hotline. #COVID19 #amazingtimetomarket  …
This a full body steam sterilization that has been installed on the streets of Turkey amid Corona Virus outbreak. 
Some (the usual suspects?) in the MSM are back to doing what they do best - peddling lies about Corona virus -  …
#Dutch nursing home residents and their relatives perform 'corona-proof' dance amid quarantine #Netherlands 
Well articulated thread based on facts as to how  the Corona situation  …
Bitch you ain’t gotta worry about the corona I’m putting yo ass right in that pot 
Corona came with some serious RESET button!
Just found out my auntie tested positive for Corona she's a breast cancer survivor
Why do people with corona be sad lmfao mf I thought you were positive
Exactly how I feel about the horrid Corona Virus stealing the last night of our run! I love Alyssa so much and I wasn’t ready to say goodbye! Thank you @JOJEHARVEY for trusting me with her. Obsessed. 
CALEB FINN HAS CORONA ION KNOW WHY THAT SHIT SENDING ME BUT HE STILL DOING TRANSITIONS 
Chano or makhno ub gher per baithna... and keep chanting “ don’t touch me corona” as he said in another video  …
Let me borrow this mirror I need to ask it who got corona  …
Uff. Godi Media anchor is more worried that the international news will report India's Corona situation in bad light  …
With climate grief, I was alone in a crowd. With corona grief, I’m alone in my apartment. Not sure which is worse.  …
White trash corona bash barrel race 
Happy Birthday to You... #Iran #coronavirus #COVID19 #مدافعان_سلامت (Health Defenders) #كرونا_را_شكست_ميدهيم (We will defeat corona) 
"The Bank of Canada creates money out of thin air to buy all the debt. Money doesn't grow on trees. Whether through deficits, taxes or inflation, we will all be poorer. As soon as we're done with the Corona crisis, we must bring back sound money and sound public finance."  …
#ArrestKejriwal - This hashtag tells you that even at the time of a national crisis like #corona, BJP wants to corner Kejriwal first. Sick.
In all these Billionaires who are pledging R1 Billion out of their personal fortunes to help the country fight the Corona Virus, there’s one Billionaire who’s R1 Billion pledge I eagerly await. We are about to be Led !!! 
Can’t believe I have to say this at all, let alone for the second time. But here we are. NO CORONA PARTIES. They’re illegal, dangerous, and stupid. We will crash your party. You will pay a big fine. And we will name & shame you until EVERYONE gets this message into their heads.
If you’ve worked here, you’re immune to the corona virus 
You are praying make the corona virus end so you can eat the girls you’ve been pausing them  Eiii koo
Doctors telling you that you have Corona: 
HOLD and Remember are gifts from Winner to IC..they knew enlistment  and that the Corona Virus was going to severely limit their exposure and now YG not promoting them at all. It's about TIME. Let's stream our blue hearts out and go all the way to support W I N N E R
Innalillahi wa'innaa ilaihi raaji'uun A very Sad news of best governor tested positive to corona virus Wishing you quick Shifah @elrufai
So I decided to mute the words coronavirus, covid-19, corona, and quarantine... my TL has never known this much peace.
I deserve good sex after this corona shit
Malam Nasiru elrufa’i tested positive for corona virus?????????????????? How? When? Why and where? No! I seriously can’t get myself to believe this!
SNIFF TEST: Whenever you hear a politician, journalist or anyone trying to justify a particular policy in relation to the COVID19 / CORONA PANDEMIC simply substitute the phrase *** BLACK DEATH *** for our present pandemic-causing virus and see if it sounds SENSIBLE or RIDICULOUS.
May God help Kaduna state... Governor El Rufai tested positive to Corona virus Since I am in this state, he is now my governor by proximity so I wish him a quick recovery 
Both @RudyGiuliani & @charliekirk11’s accounts were “temporarily locked for violating the Twitter Rules regarding COVID-19 misinformation.” BECAUSE THEY SAID THERE’S A CURE THAT WORKS FOR MOST PEOPLE (hydrochloride). Meanwhile, leftist News can lie about the Corona virus 24-7.
7 Corona patients were dying daily in Punjab, said Edhi Foundation?  …
Trish Regan, Laura Ingraham, Sean Hannity, and Tucker Carlson all pushed the same fake news Corona conspiracy but only one of them got fired. The rest are still rocking. And Trump calls the serious media fake news.
Dear CM Sb Kindly check the facts NIH has reported that #Punjab has tested 3310, Kindly dont share fake report. Be serious at the moment where whole Pakistan is facing #Corona. #Covid19 @arsched @HamidMirPAK @NasimZehra  … 
Corona and virus
hi guys, Manhattan parent here. I know the corona test is being rolled out, and obviously I want my kids to be ready: how much should I be paying for test prep? Thanks.
niggas gotta avoid corona and pollen ??? cmon man
Once again Islam is in danger and Allah will return Corona back to infidels. Where does a country produce such rectums from ? 
SUNned the Corona in Miami, call that coKID-19 
For all of you thinking Corona is only affecting our leaders. It's because they are the only one's getting tested, let them start testing regular folks you go know say gbegbe done happen tipe tipe
it’s a girls night in! no corona!! 
Just in: Kaduna State Governor, Mal. Nasiru Ahmed El Rufa'itests positive to Corona Virus. He happens to be the first confirmed case of the state, my people stay at home, stay safe, this thing is real. May Allah continue to protect us all. 
Griffin is the Jussie Smollett of Corona Virus.  …
God fucking end this corona shit self isolating is fucking depressing I literally feel like I do not care for anything in the world right now and have no motivation or power to do shit
106 pilgrims have finished their 14 day quarantine period in Sukkur & their corona virus tests have  as negative. These 106 pilgrims are being released from the quarantine centre after propers tests. #CoronaUpdate
Economic damage costs lives: A major recession costs lives. So yes, in fact it will be a delicate balance between the damage to the economy and the measures to be taken against the virus. These will be extremely difficult choices to make – under uncertain conditions. #corona
"I questioned the safety of an assignment and was told if I was  with it I wouldn’t get hired for corona related coverage again.” /10
I really don’t want to hear how the rich and famous people are going through it with corona and giving advice because they are not your everyday people. I want to hear the everyday person with no  small apartments and barely any food for there families. That’s what’s real!
the cure for corona   …
when your flat mate has been sneaking out to see her friends and we had paramedics here that she’s most likely got corona along with the whole FUCKING FLAT!!!! STAY INDOORS AND STOP BEING SELFISH HORRIBLE CUNTS AND GOING OUT TO SEE YOUR FRIENDS IN THEIR HOUSES !!!!!
7/17 March 15: India pledges $10 million as corona aid to SAARC; nothing yet for its own self.  …
don’t forget that your job doesn’t care about you like that. she would of die of corona and they would simply replace her and move on with their day ok? chuipsssss
Why is it looking like Corona virus
I’m getting laid after this corona and Ramadan please . It’s enough I no celibate again , everything is turning me on this days. Vibration phone mi gan ji mi sile
These are bad times for humanity. What Corona has done to big nations is fearsome. India too is worried. Our sages said Mahamritunjai Mantra to Lord Shiva has power to extricate us from such peril. Appeal to every one to hear/chant this mantra. Here it is  
I remember when libs used to defend Muslims they were like "actually Muslims are the biggest victims of Islamic terrorism" so I expected them to be like "actually Chinese are the biggest victims of corona" but instead they're just like "China good. Fuck white people"
moms is corona free
Feeling very depressed after witnessing mass exodus of poors’ #backmigration If only it were some elections and not corona threat, the famed ‘micro management skills’ & ‘booth level machinery’ would be at work. Why have such skills vanished now?
Governor El-Rufa'i of Kaduna State, Nigeria tested positive for Corona Virus. Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family. We hope  through this challenge and tough times in good health. May the Almighty heal all victims and protect the unharmed. #CoronaUpdate
Corona Cover 5. #Flowers 
They have found an alibi in corona  …
Y’all was so worried bout Mexicans taking your jobs, now look corona took yo job
CORONA NOT GONNA STOP SPREADING TILL A LOCKDOWN IS ACTUALLY ENFORCED. these ppl bullshitting
Our working governor of kaduna state Nasiru el Rufaii has tested positive for corona virus oh ya Allah so far he has been a good governor to  kaduna man,protect him and may he recover soon ameen
Corona life Fanfinifinphone sex time
Na this corona period some people de cash out pass. God no go shame us o.
dam when tours  back i'll probably have to get a bucket to spit into - can't be spitting all over stage in a post corona world
I swear the dude  up with the vaccine for corona will definitely win Nobel prize for medicine and peace sef Infact everything even literature World footballer of the year Golden boot Best actor Best hip hop album Miss universe Everything ......
corona is giving me more quality time with the beach :)) 
Yo @YkeeBenda that Corona Virus Tune is a mad!!! Salute soldier!
#ArrestKejriwal The satsangs of the true Satguru tell us that there is a God who eradicates even the worst of diseases, even if it is an epidemic like corona. 
If corona spreads to villages Kejriwal should be arrested for genocide ...  …
Admist this corona lockdown doctors have announced a red alert for thalassemia patients in the country. Hospitals are out of blood as everyone is in their houses which is necessary but those lives are also as precious as someone battling with corona. Pls help as much as you can.
A corona got its lime (via @Anthony_callin/IG) 
I just keep imagining the Corona virus on a cruise ship to Seattle singing "How Far I'll Go" from Moana.
Brexiteers...someone thinks I'm a 'Simpleton' for praising what our country is doing to help with this Corona virus. 'Apparently ' France has placed an order for 1billion. We are making our own...we can handle our need. You have to wonder why this person follows me. He hates us.  …
600.000 face masks revoked after being distributed to Dutch hospitals, they were ordered from China, but do not meet safety criteria, tests reveal (in Dutch) #Corona  …
NO -- Yet Another Article and 100's of Tweets ONLY taking about Low-Risk Youth Locked-Up should be Released to Reduce Corona Virus Infection. It's Unacceptable that BOTH Middle-Risk & High-Risk Youth Locked-Up have a Higher Risk to get the  …
Delhi in the time of "social distancing". Why should we non-Hindi peoples suffer bcoz Hindi states are parasitic Somalias? Isnt @DelhiPolice under @AmitShah? Where's that anti-Bengali Dhokla now? Busy planning riots? Bengal must close Bihar+Jharkhand border for 6 months. #Corona 
Have conducted several programmes - infact before this corona crisis have repeatedly done shows with Fawad Chaudhry, scientists like Dr. Atta ur Rehman, @yarjan_baloch and others... Programmes arent enough, policy making, planning & vision is needed 2 which we have lacked 4  …
Away from #Corona news a bit.. it’s green almond harvest season in #Gaza city, #Palestine 
Corona￼Virus Got mfs being horny, depressed,creative and true Alcoholics...im All 4
I hope corona makes the head bangers and moshers at festivals go extinct
HEC and government had no plan but they forced the universities to do this and students are facing problems in this regard so students want semester break and rejected online education. Spacialy Thank you @AdilabbasiAry for highlighting. #SaveStudentsFuture #Corona 
Mere ghr k near corona ka new case
Our engineers are working 24/7 to help our doctors to fight CORONA virus. This is war, corona is our enemy, we are soldiers and our weapon is unity. Please stay at homes, let us fight this. #fightcorona #PakistanZindabad 
The National newspaper asked the people of Scotland to protect them from the fallout of the Corona Virus. They're pushing digital subscriptions. There'll be many worthy causes in  weeks. Not sure the National will be a priority for the many or even the few.
Damn my cousin got the corona & they told her it’s airborne and more than 80% of Toledo gone get it, y’all can keep going outside but ME? I’m coo
You told me it was a "corona-curing quarantine chair" and charged me $4,500 you motherfucker!  …
New face of Corona #COVID19 
No leadership skills & certainly not the leader to deal with the corona crisis says  …
Difficult to read about the hardships suffered by small businesses and entrepreneurs due to the corona pandemic. 
Man in picture is Dr Hammad Zahir from Gilgit. He is at Wuhan province along with his spouse joining global efforts against Coronavirus. He arranged corona related equipment but finding it hard to send it to G-B. Wonder if government could find a way out to bring it from China. 
. @NorthwesternGW’s statement is the strongest & most wide-reaching i’ve read w/ respect to NU’s corona response. grad workers are really watching out for all of us.  …
Our Karachi post lockdown Air pollution has drastically decreased. Once we we done with corona menace we  up with strong environmental policy. We must replace old vehicles & factory chimneys with new modern ones. To decrease carbon emissions. @BBhuttoZardari 
30th jan we had first CORONA case It’s 60th day now.... still we have reached to capacity of 2000 tests a day That’s total failure of Governance And to hide this failure, rest all trends are happening WE ARE NOT TESTING ENOUGH TO STOP THIS PANDEMIC
The Knack changes ‘My Sharona’ to “Bye, Corona” in released video -  …
Corona Virus has slowly turned from Allah ka Azaab to yahoodi sazish to American agenda to chinese propaganda. Farigh awam apni conspiracy theories apne hadd tk rkhein.
Pakistan Corona Virus cases reach 1500 as Punjab emerges new epicentre. #CoronaUpdate 
#Italy in disbelief: Woman 102 infected with #Coronavirus and recovered. When Italica Grundona contracted Corona, no one expected her 20 days later to be released. Doctors try to understand how the elderly survived the virus: "We call her the 'immortal'" 
Some (the usual suspects?) in the MSM are back to doing what they do best - peddling lies about Corona virus @rvaidya2000  …
TAYLOR WARNED US ABOUT THE CORONA VIRUS BACK IN 2017 WTFFF ?? 
With this Coronavirus, when you open Instagram drip still full everywhere. Corona can’t stop the drip
Me seeing Dwayne Johnson trending thinking he has corona but it is just people talking about him for no reason 
Because of corona virus we all understood what it means to be in a cage. Please don’t keep birds in the cage. They are innocent, not guilty... (paintings by 
I knew one Pastor had to make a clown out of themselves in this corona situation. Now look at Pastor Yiga SMH.
Flight attendant orders this passenger to leave the plane and sit on the engine because he has the Corona Virus. #PechéAfrica (Source: @TakaTina1 on Whatsapp) @pmcafrica @danielmarven #Day3 
If corona inna portmore enno. Di wulla we....
This Corona virus is making my life more difficult and boring than it already is. I am done.
Seriously if #Disney wasn't planning a #Tangled #Frozen #CrossOver why are the #Northuldra in #Frozen2 "The people of the sun"? #QuarantineLife #Corona 
BREAKING NEWS : Burundi is the only african country without any case of corona virus. When the minister of health was asked about the secret behind the zero case of COVID-19. This is what he had to said "it is very simple. We don't have the testing kits" Copied
Now if she decided to work that corona floor, got sick and died, guess what? That hospital is not covering her funeral costs or taking care of her children. Fck these jobs.
SHAUOOR Welfare Foumdation ha s established Corona Fund. We are listing poor workers and people who are affected greatly by the lockdown. Do contribute. 4000 per package. We have to  nation in these difficult times. Whatsapp 03362331355 
Words I could live without after 2020: •quarantine •covid-19 •social distancing •bored •corona virus •postponed •canceled
Because of Trump rather telling fairytales than actually taking action against the pandemic The US has  the new epicenter of the Corona Crisis with thousands of deads as a result and counting.. #TrumpLiedPeopleDied 
The only good thing  from corona is that I can get pitchers of margaritas delivered for $40 lol
Corona is more important than the child you want to kill growing inside of you. Stop having unsafe sex and killing a human in result of your bad choices. personally i think abortion clinics should stay closed indefinitely. #ProLife #coronavirus
#AkshayKumar takes big initiative, will give Rs 25 crores amid Corona crisis. #Coronavirus We love u @akshaykumar 
I'm pretty sure getting excited about more corona cases in the US because you can say "haha Trump bad" makes you a sociopath just saying...
My favorite game, Corona version 
Because of the corona crisis, you can now explore the world’s largest collection of works by Vincent van Gogh at home. This collection can be seen on the website of the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam.  
We challenge corona 
Corona or not, logistics don’t stop. Great effort with our customers and our internal team, a lot of optimizing needed to get this one done. More  in  weeks while we already plan our way towards normal times.  …
Corona, sis, can u leave us alone 
People that are owing people money should please take this Corona virus precautions more serious!! Use your masks and sanitizers or just stay at home! We don't want you to die with our money please
The world  to an end as y’all say. Corona or not. Asteroid or not. No man knoweth when the Son of Man  He’ll appear like a thief in the night.
And Kejriwal ran Kapashera/Gurgaon-Anand Vihar/Ghaziabad buses, running entire breadth of Delhi in a lockdown. For what? To exactly expel lacs of families from Delhi coz they are non-voters. If Corona spreads now, who is responsible ?? 
TOMMY BUBBA YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU TALK ABOUT. YOU SAID IT PERFECT. I BREAK THE CORONA AND INTERNET BACK AT THE SAME TIME.  …
Dear Corona Virus, i want my life back.
This Chart clearly depicts  there is a very high ratio of COVID-19 testing in Punjab. Welldone Team Punjab. We have to defeat this Cruel Corona Virus with passion, care and support of Public under the supervision of CM Punjab @UsmanAKBuzdar In Sha 
If not Corona, the brutality of the Police, the careless attitude of the ruling Government will surely kill Shameful & Disgusting. The unplanned lockdown has made a mockery of social distancing. #Delhi #AnandVihar #IndiaDeservesBetter #LockdownWithoutPlan #CoronaLockdown 
A single act of mismanagement has reduced India's image from front runner in fight against #Corona to Poorly managed state . I believe this is part of some bigger conspiracy, but in any case this can lead to major Outbreak . It's attack against India  …
Corona virus awareness fulfulde version #CoronaUpdate #COVID19Nigeria #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe 
#ArrestKejriwal He has gone too far in doing dirty politics which is harming the people.Deploy the Army now and arrest his goons and dismiss this govt.Need to act now @PMOIndia otherwise India will soon  Italy regards deaths due to corona virus. 
. @MombasaCountyKe has started disinfecting the CBD against Corona Virus using fire engines. Joho government is targeting making Mombasa a Corona-free county. He has asked the National Gvnt to declare a total lockdown with free foodstuffs ready for distribution. 
Miss Corona needs to hurry up because my man’s lineup looking rough
If you had the cure for the corona I say GameStop still only offer ya 2.50€
Spreading Corona...Isolate him in Tihar. #Kejriwal_is_a_snake 
New Updates on Thrust and his conquest to stop Corona. (warning: badass special effects might cause erection) 
Alarming: Pakistan has recorded over 12247 suspected corona cases in past two weeks. Confirmed cases jump up to 1500 pandemic patients. Number may go further up, health officials said. #Pakistan #CoronaUpdate
Verified accounts are pushing bobi wine's song tirelessly as though they did not listen to "00203033 uuh yiyo enamba ya corona eyuganda"
UPDATE: SANTA CORONA For those hoping to catch a glimpse, some hurdles Lloyd & his ship need to  -Dam/locks at Long Island -Dam/locks at Blacks Rapids -MASSIVE waterfall at Hogs Back -Hartwell Locks Might take awhile...help it along if you see it! #ToTheSea 
2 words I don’t want to hear in 2 months. Corona. Zoom.
An idiot media house @RepublicBhart Showing @POTUS is arrogant Idiots has 6 deaths per million due to corona at present. Max getting cured. Italy,Spain,France,Iran,uk,Switzerland,Netherlands,Belgium have far more. Worry abt India where we have J@H!L$more than population.
NYC and the 5 Burroughs are the hot spots. Western NY is 400 miles, 7 hour drive from NYC. Cuomo should not be spreading The Corona Virus across NYS by transporting patients all the way here. He's putting additional lives at Risk. What happened to isolating the virus?
At any other time in human history this image would make me upset but right now they either keep cops posted up all day or let every skatepark turn into a corona nest so I get it
I'm finally sponsored! The timing is rough with corona but I will make the most of this opportunity regardless. Thank you @RBG_Esports I look forward to working with you! Check out this really awesome video btw  …
Trump’s Corona failure makes it clear that he’s not simply an abstract, existential threat to democracy, he’s a real threat to the health and survival of our nation.
F*CK Corona New  soon... 
Dr’s, Nurses and all the other health care workers are the real soldiers of this war. They’re literally in the frontline. You’re appreciated. You deserve to break more hearts 2020AC After Corona.
Hello people. Because of Corona i can't go to work So i'm doing this  so i can save up for Animal Crossing. DM me if your interested Or you can contact me on Discord : Jamil#4921 Thank you 
EA trying to give me corona when I've already got it,  
We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus We shall  this Corona virus. IN Jesus name.
Done. Will be there tonight, 9PM eastern Time, Corona, 5G, AI, Pineal Gland , China, to be discussed, and some solutions. @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @VP @SecPompeo @EsperDoD @FBIWFO #AI #5G @army_aitf @CIA @POTUS @elonmusk @NSAGov @Cabinet #CoronaUpdate @USCTO
"Ronald isn't it harsh to try and sell things to peole now they're at home because of Wuhan Corona? I spent a ton of money at the Supermarket and Pharmacy three days ago. They didn't tell me to take it for free. They didn't give a discount. Stop being timid . Sell your thing!
Poland is handling the #Coronavirus outbreak well thanks to our homogenous high-trust society with high levels of #SocialCohesion. Things in some countries look very different. Here we have an African rapper in #France & the crowd singing: "Corona, the disese of the whites" 
I am always ready for my country to serve whatever possible Donated 5000 rupees. Let’s win against Corona together. #PMCARES 
No person should go hungry due to an epidemic like Corona for which the National President of the Indian Youth Congress, Shri Srinivas ji is constantly providing food to the needy. ! 
Corona or not imma let my nuts hang regardless
2. Is Kenya Police aware that @) Veterinary Services is Part of Health Services? (b) that Corona Virus crossed from Animals? We demand the immediate release of the said Doctor!!! This is a matter that has been raised before @CSMutahi_Kagwe Hon @PeterMunya @StateHouseKenya
Omg I’mma need corona to gtfo quick cause this online tourney garbage ain’t where it’s at for fighting games...I’m at the point I’m just gone play my one player games smh..and I’m saying this after getting the W smh
If Corona doesn’t kill me, the first night out after surely will
Going to the grocery store now, is the equivalent of “yeah I’m stepping out tonight” in BC (before corona) times.
Corona just exposing all the faults in the ways of nations around the world.
Unless the Corona Virus Is not in Ghana, but if the virus is in Ghana paaah then today was the day it was well DISTRIBUTED. The Crowed #CoronaLockdown #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #panicbuy
Only inhuman people will play politics at this time. If anyone is- God is there, watching. Karma doesn’t spare anyone- and Corona won’t differentiate between politics/ideologies.  …
Dubai was very hopeful about #Expo2020 and thought that The event will pump in money . With corona destroying world economies and with crude hitting 20 dollars , future looks so bleak.
Everybody so quick  about how “little” billionaires are giving to Corona relief  to their net worth. When was the last time you actually clicked “yes” to donating like $2 to kids with cancer
New hoodies on sale, with proceeds going to help support healthcare workers. If you want to help nurses, doctors, and any one helping fight Corona Virus, join the Social Distancing Club (available in t shirts too)  
Man when corona ish settles, we need something like happiness party the night before work resumes
Now Germany steps up! German soldiers picking up corona patients from bergamo to be treated in cologne Germany  …
Even in this tough times rather praying for humanity, a molvi in this video is praying: "Oh Allah, the corona virus outbreak has put Islam in danger. Oh Allah, divert this outbreak to the countries of infidels (non-believers/kufaar)". What else can you expect from such nuts? 
These two person will be responsible for corona going to 3rd stage.. 
Everyone planning to make 'They cured corona!' jokes On April 1st.. Don't In fact, how about we spend this April Fool's Day NOT trying to trick, deceive or mislead each other? I for one, am sick of misinformation, lies and indistinguishable satire Bring on #AprilTruthDay
Bought at TEFAF from Saloman Lilian by the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston: a recently discovered early "Artist in his Studio" by still life specialist Jan Davidsz. de Heem. Sadly Boedi Lilian and two of his staff caught corona at TEFAF. 
Forget corona i wana love the fuck out of somebody and not look stupid
Kids born in the first months of 2021 are always going to live with that sinking feeling that they were a Corona-accident  …
Lovely sharing the panel with these people! Our podcast on #Corona and whats happening on ground @MichaelKugelman @diaahadid  …
"Chaos is the breeding ground for the leftist ideology" Is Delhi is witnessing the same ??? Corona pe poltics karo na... 
Our response to CoronaVirus (COVID - 19) - Report Date: 28 March 2020, 3:00 PM *The confirmed Corona cases are as reported by the Ministry of Public Health 
Be united and strong, India! This too shall pass. We will emerge stronger! Stay home. Follow the health ministry advisory, self isolate. Isolation is the only known medicine to defeat Corona, nothing else can be trusted. #IndiaFightsCorona #JaiHind
BJP can go to any extent to tarnish @ArvindKejriwal's image BJP & its dirty politics sees no bounds whether it is over riots in Delhi or an epidemic like Corona For BJP, death is just another statistic - they will sacrifice millions just for their hunger for power. #ShameOnBJP
Filial solidarity ftw (My dad, working the corona frontline as a senior anesthesiologist in Tel Aviv, needed his surgical mask to fit. I'm just making use of the quarantine.) 
Iranian recoverd #Corona patients, donating plasma, for making drugs  …
someone just needs to add a lil soap to this rain then bam corona GONE
Miss Corona fucking with my money, and ion like that.
we not cancelling 4/20 ion care what corona talking bout
This is Mohammad Ramzan Bajeer from Mithi,Sindh. He had received Rs,160,000 as his pension emoluments.He distributed the entire amount among the poor of his locality, who had lost their jobs due to Corona crisis! 
Cristiano Ronaldo will lower his annual salary by €3.8m to help Juventus pay the wages of other staff during Corona outbreak. 
I have headache since morning and nothing else. I hope it's not corona virus.
Toronto losing our 10 seconds of summer we get to Corona is painful to think about. No day parties. No boat rides. No patio hopping. That would make me very sad.
Spreading Corona...Isolate him in Tihar. #Kejriwal_is_a_snake 
A union minister working at midnight shows how tirelessly the govt is working to battle corona. Thank you Kishan ji.  …
I've seen Jewish, Christian and Muslim figures all claiming that Corona is God punishing the non-believers.. But it's only considered "hate-speech" when a Christian makes that claim. Interesting..  …
Breaking Alert! #IndiaArmy HQ has been closed down due to Corona outbreak affecting hundreds of personal serving there. Senior officers also badly affected by #Covid_19. Most Generals are in self 
#Corona Please think of the Animals too.. Crisis for homeless animals.. #COVID19 #AnimalRights #coronaanimal #animalrescue 
Jim Edmonds posted via his Instagram that he’s admitted himself after contracting corona. Stay home “this virus is no joke.” 
We gotta clear this Corona before Bobby get home.  …
Before 84 Days @RahulGandhi Warned Government About Corona Virus & It's Impact On People & Economy ! In This Month He Said ,Indian Will Have To Go Under Unimaginable Pain Because Govt Is Not Serious About Covid-19 Have Govt Discussed This Lockdown With Opposition ? Your Take  …
Don’t be mad at China for the corona virus. Be mad at it for TikTok.
So, @MaterializingB and I co-edited a volume on Bible-related tourism. While the book is published later this year - and the Corona crisis will undeniably change the face of tourism - at this time I am just so happy to share: the book now has a cover. #acrel 
What is the first thing you will do after Corona Virus is over?
i either have seasonal allergies or corona
“The last case of the corona virus has been discharged from Nigeria. We are officially a corona virus free nation. All borders are now opened. Citizens can return to their normal lives” Chai! Everywhere go burst in two seconds.
Our message to Corona... 
Every 3 minutes, Cardi B is screaming Corona Viiirus in the back of my head
"We're getting a crash course in civics & systems of power. This crisis asks us to not just 'flatten the curve' of corona, but to also change systems of power to promote a culture of inclusion, participation,dignity, agency, mutual aid, & civic engagement." @ericpliu @CitizenUniv
“We Pakistanis can defeat this menace with our resilience, courage & collective efforts in enforcing preventive measures; most important of which are maintaining personal hygiene & social distancing” writes the father of a recovered patient of corona virus to CM Sindh 
Assam PCC President, MP @ripunbora has set upcontrol room at APCC HQ Rajiv Bhawan, Guwahati  of Corona virus protocol of social distancing and avoidance of gatherings. APCC has issued a circular for all DCC Presidents to set up control rooms in respective DCC HQ. 
Mutahi kagwe  and updates us on the number of Corona victims. Nothing about testing or test kits from @JackMa. Nothing about mass testing, and when it starts. Kenyans used to mediocrity applaud and even propose him for presidency. Emotions is Kenyans Forte.
Ok imagine. Open the water parks. Add dish soap to all the water rides. Make it free to enter so everyone goes. We literally wash away the corona virus.
... suspected I Had corona virus, they wouldn’t test me because I hadn’t travelled or  in contact with a known positive case. They gave me an inhaler which didn’t do anything, and sent me home. I went to the ER a second time...
Let me be clear: You didn’t do this during the swine flu pandemic. Testing is free for corona virus 
My father has started to produce his own masks. Arab stlye, of course. #Corona 
Good morning to you all, except That Nasty Bitch Corona Virus Fuck you nasty Hoe can’t stand you!
Sad news admist the Corona crisis, #GoSensGo goalie Marcus Högberg's father Peter has passed away after battling cancer. Thoughts go out to Marcus and his family.  …
@adamcarolla George Carlin told us about the Corona panic years ago  via
World BEST medevac for COVID patient. Germany activates their flying ICU plane, an Airbus A310 MedEvac, to fly corona patients from Italy to hospitals in Germany. The plane has a capacity of 44 beds of which 16 are for high intensive care patients, and up to 25 medical staff. 
The spread of Corona is much faster in Mumbai then Delhi...Both host Workers from UP and Bihar....But surprisingly panic is in Delhi not in Mumbai...Amazing...Any Criminal conspiracy ???? #ArrestKejriwal
Germans on a normal day: scold you when you cross a red light, scold you when you don’t recycle, scold you for every meaningless infraction they can think of Germans during corona: lets ignore the govt. advice and social distancing and gather in large groups and spread the virus
The story of 2 Kashmirs: 1. Pakistan is criminally pushing corona virus patients into PoK, particularly to Gilgit & Baltistan. Pak Govt is doing nothing to protect them 2. Indian Army distributing protectives in Kashmir Indian Kashmiris  both kashmirs & feel blessed 
Ok y’all, guys can we drop corona bs for like 2 seconds, tyrants are getting very tyrannical. 
On January 31, Monica Mutsvangwa, Min of Information, Publicity &_Broadcasting Services, issued a statement saying Zim stands ready to assist China in the fight agiant Corona virus . 
I can still see your saliva dripping from your bootlicking tweet If you can mention any country in the whole world, that has been affected by the Corona Virus/Vivid 19 (Apart from Nigeria), where the President has not spoken to his fellow citizens, I'll ignore this imbecility  …
Main Symptom of Corona Virus. 
Case of Corona he has 
Kejriwal has developed antibodies against corona 5 years ago , afterall he's an IIT graduate . I request scientists who are working on corona vaccine , please take this man away for vaccine trials . 
fam... just... NO CORONA PARTIES  …
Make Sakunda Clinic services available to all Corona virus patients otherwise there is no peace!
aren’t you the guy who filmed himself following an asian woman around yelling “corona” and coughing in her face repeatedly??? you are in no position to judge someone, you loud annoying humourless racist fuck.  …
Why are Zimbabweans acting like Corona is starting on Monday
BREAKING: Endian army crippled with corona pandemic. Reports of contertepms in endian  From kashmir. 8 captains & 23 sepoys shot dead. 200+ Quarantine centres filled with thousands of soldiers dying. Senior officers involuntary on lay off Pls update @majorgauravarya
I have been sick with Corona Virus for 17 days so far. Keep in mind im a very healthy, active 18 year old. I went to the ER the first time with 4 days of symptoms (fever, dry cough, shortness of breath, high heart rate). I tested negative for everything tested,& while they.....
THIS JUST IN: The corona virus has gotten so serious here in Oregon, that the state government has decided to allow.... I hope you're sitting down.... SELF SERVICE GAS!!! First time in Oregon history. Yes, we're weird AF, I know.
- Understand the Chronology - Bihar elections Coming up - Prashant Kishor working with Kejriwal - Bihar now has very few Corona cases - If Corona spreads via migrant workers, state will breakdown - Will effect Election Results 
If Corona had started in Africa, do you think it would have spread so much to the other countries?
Haka kanakohoa sana and i'm really scared... Corona spare my lil brother, idiat
Y’all it’s a bad food video. Why do I have to see grown ass adults saying something about the corona virus like pls... PLS y’all jokes are terrible 
Germany activates their flying ICU plane, an Airbus A310 MedEvac, to fly corona patients from Italy to hospitals in Germany. The plane has a capacity of 44 beds of which 16 are for high intensive care patients, and up to 25 medical staff. 
OK so Shehbaz  live during Corona bt #FakeNaaz can't it vl b bad 4 her imageso basically image clearing chal rahi heby her PR..Karni bhi chaiye jitna raita failaya haiagle 3-4 mahine tk she shd b underground n inculcate sum sense n manners n return 
In 2022, there will be a movie in Bollywood in which ISI and CHINA will create Corona virus and they will try to spread it in India and brave heroes of RAW will save India from this. Just wait and watch
Fuck the Corona Virus 
A decisive action by an ingenious PM to fight corona virus. All national resources including NAB pressed into service to kill the virus. 
Felt relieved for a second because corona made London Airbnb’s cheap and I may need to quarantine soon. 2 days later hosts have caught on, bumped up prices again and renamed listings “ PERFECT FOR SELF ISOLATING ” I hope Miss Rona bankrupts you all, tbqh.
Politics at the time of Corona......? Sad and angry to see this situation. Hoping and praying the migrant workers and families are taken care of asap.
Urban Naxalite Arvind Kejriwal wants to spread corona virus disease across the country. Anand Vihar Bus Terminal, Delhi 
so i think we can all agree that this Corona Virus is exposing the current government to be redundant, and full of lies. everything they claim we can’t afford is suddenly being funded. when this is all over we’re overthrowing them.
So.... off goes the #Comfort ship that POTUS said was "loaded to the gills" ....even though it's supposed to be empty to handle all those Corona patients  …
I'm interested in finding out how many of my followers know someone who has passed away from the Corona virus.
Spreading Corona #ArrestKejriwal 
The current situation asks us to reflect on Allāh (subḥānahu wataʿālā) giving us a lesson, firstly that taqwā is not restricted to being in the house of Allāh (subḥānahu wataʿālā) alone but always with you, wherever you are. #Covid19 #Covid_19 #Covid #Corona 
We're donating 100% of downloads to the Corona Virus Relief Fund. Pre-order our new single now & lets get out of this mess. Simply go onto the iTunes Store type in 'Forget About It Patawawa' Lets raise as much money as we can Please like & RT to get this far and wide x 
Pic 1 : Corona deliveryman to world Pic 2 : Corona deliveryman to India #CoronavirusOutbreak #Kejriwal_Is_A_Sanke 
The $2+ Trillion Corona Virus Bill is a disgrace. The corporate welfare and big government bureaucracy is out of control. This was not a reasonable or fiscally responsible bill. The repercussions of out of control spending will be devastating.  …
This woman is not a soldier. She didn’t abandon her post because it’s not her job to risk her life. She’s highly vulnerable for Corona, she is a 3x cancer survivor. Y’all don’t give nurses the same respect/prestige y’all give veterans. But nurses still remain on the front lines.  …
Kejriwal, don't create panic Don't kill people Don't spread corona,  …
Do you see what is happening Those who slept & refuse to wake up are going to LOSE their sh*t when they see BO and friends RAPING and EATING us. YES. THIS IS THE REALITY WAKE UP or BLOW UP. That's why all the medical precautions! NOT Corona but shock = medical issues! 
Ex.MNA Syed Abdul Kadir Gillani shared a public awareness message & requested public to take Corona Virus serious and make sure to stay home Abdul Kadir Gilani said we will help needy as much as we can & you all are also requested to do as well #PakistanVsCorona 
#Breaking #coronavirusinpakistan Pakistan has no clue no facilities to deal with corona virus. People are dying , government hiding numbers. @ImranKhanPTI @Frontalfire @mesunainah @AneesaBaluch @kakar_harsha @LawrenceSellin @TarekFatah @AdityaRajKaul @bababanaras 
Nurse talking about all the TEENS & 20 years olds DYING of #Corona that’s not being reported. SHARE 
We will rise up . corona want to fight us but we will definitely rise up. #SMFaithconcert 
#DaystarPrays Father we pray for everyone affected by the corona-virus, that the healing power of God will move on their behalf We pray for the medical practitioners, that You Lord will protect them, grant them wisdom to create a solution to eradicate the virus in Jesus name 
A month ago #PritiPatel said anyone earning less than £25k is an "unskilled worker" & can’t enter the UK! NHS starting salaries: Nurse £24.2k Paramedic £24.2k Midwife £24.2k Radiographer £24.2k Care assistant £17.6k No need to retweet. Just remember this happened. #Corona
American hospitals are getting 15 new #Corona patients per minute. Now you can imagine, what can happen in India. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic
Daily average of 700+ this week have overtaken its average daily deaths in WW2. Fatalities may soon reach similar daily numbers in toto WW2 1788 days (10 June 1940 - May 2 1945) 514,000 dead 287 per day Corona 58 days (31st Jan 2020 - 28 March 2020) 10,023 dead 172 per day  …
Migrants workers tell on camera that thet were told that buses will be there at Anandvihar DTC buses drop them to Anand Vihar Some forces want India to fail when India Fights Corona, Nation will not forgive them #ArrestKejriwal
It's Corona Time 
YOU GUYS… I HOOKED UP WITH SOMEONE WHO HAS CORONA… (ok to be clear we hooked up a year and a half ago and he has corona now, but my attention meter is low today)
Corona Virus To End May 29th, Says Indian Boy Who Correctly Predicted It's Start, 8 Months Ago  … Download Now 
I cant die of Corona, HH needs my vote next year.
Death tally in Italy due to #Corona March 1 - 41 March 7 - 233 March 14 - 1441 March 21 - 4825 March 28 - 10023 #StaySafeStayHome
corona virus is getting fucking W I L D
According to today’s Corona virus live tracker.. Out of the 81394 cases in China 74971 have already recovered. There is hope if we all can align ourself to efforts to help limit the spread. Stay focused fam. We can do this together. 
Modi brought back Some NRI's from corona hot spots for PR. Declared abrupt lock down for PR. Both of his only interventions are disasters. It proves he is a third class administrator and majority still adores only because he is a genocidal maniac.
I'm blocked by Anand Ranganathan, Barkha Dutt, Vir Sanghvi, Vikas Pandey, TrueIndology [Guruji's entire cartel + A Fatwa on me as Return Gift] , Sanjukta Basu, Corona Nundy, and verified B1mb0s of Print. Now, tell me : am I LW or RW ?
Spreading Corona 
Modi know how to make riots not how to govern - India is probably the worst country in the world to manage #Corona  …
After Corona virus fear Airtel internet, it can kill you without showing signs and symptoms.
O Allah, iam begging You please give us all the good of this world and the good of the life hereafter Ameen I dunno why after we have to face corona issue, I was so sad when I heard something about Ramadhan and hari raya  …
First Name: CORONA Surname: VIRUS NickName: COVID Age: 19. Nationality: CHINA Next of kin : HANTA VIRUS Hobby : Traveling and spreading Favorite Food: LUNGS Favorite Country: Italy Dislikes : Alcohol Guarantor : HIV Relative:EBOLA Friend: Monkey pox Ancestor: Bird flu
This Dr says his device can neutralize corona virus. He wants to have his machine/method reach the PM He is unable to get across. FDA n CDC USA have asked for it but it is stuck at the airport, It's a long shot, but if anyone can get it across.  …
They found corona virus in lace fronts. Streets is done...
ARV’s Kills Corona Virus!
Hey @pizzahutuk we understand you are not enforcing social distancing and you have people with corona  into work as you won’t pay is this correct.
We lost one of the best people in the boxing world. Nelson Cuevos died  with Corona Virus. Being around him during my amateur career was the best time of my life.  …
Current status in India: Total corona cases - 1022 Active cases - 913 Recovered - 85 Deaths - 24  …
The way your school leaders have dealt with corona virus and home working should have made you realise one of the following: You’re at the right school or You’re at the wrong school #lookforanewjob
Arvind Spreading Corona Overall 
15000 people and 21 doctors died in Italy till now. Now you can imagine what’s going to happen in India within April month only. So just reach to ur family as soon as possible. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaLockdown #Corona
CAN THIS CORONA GO AWAY SO I CAN START FILLING OUT JOB APPLICATIONS?!??
Hi @NASheridan Here it is. My corona-cation cake-of-the-day. It's a flamingo chocolate cake with fudge icing, sprinkles and cocktail umbrellas. Yes, it looks like RuPaul baked this cake. haha!! 
TOUGH LESSON: 'If I get corona, I get corona'. The Americans who wish they'd taken #Covid19 seriously. But now the University of Tampa has confirmed that at least five of those students have tested positive.  …
I pray this break Corona has given us will not affect or mental state when we resume work and school.
The US has more Corona Virus cases than Italy. And Italy has more deaths at 10,000 to the US at 1,700. That tells you everything about Italy's socialist free  to the US. I guess with free health care its like the old saying. You get what you paid for with Italy
Yo someone should make a beat and call it “Quarantine” or like “Corona Virus”
Akshay Kumar Donations Pulwama Martyrs - 5Cr Assam Floods - 2Cr Chennai Floods - 1Cr WCS - 50L CRPF Families - 1.08Cr HFT - 1.5Cr Corona Crisis - 25Cr Founder Of Bharat Ke Veer And Many More... The Man With Golden Heart @akshaykumar 
Appearance on @PTVNewsOfficial current issues and strategy to fight Corona. A great team in Islamabad to work with especially @dcislamabad has been a great help for us to operate in #Islamabad. #COVIDPakistan 
Coronavirus: World’s fastest  identified 77 potential drugs to treat COVID-19 #science #technology  #corona #coronavirus #coronaoutbreak #coronavirusupdate #covid19 #covid_19 
“Mom we’re not going to go to the gym anymore are we?” “No, we’re not.” “Ahhhh I bet I know why. Coronavirus. Corona corona corona. It’s all about corona.” - four year old
Corona virus can stop reggae.
Everyone thinks I have corona too who will test me bayi
Honored to join ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ and SECDEF to see USNS Comfort off to New York. Her sister ship USNS Mercy is in my home town of Los Angeles. 70,000 tons of hope in the fight against the Corona virus. #GONAVY ⁦ @SECNAV⁩ ⁦ @USNavy⁩ ⁦ 
#UltimaLoveNG was a flop. They did nothing as couples, nothing to even determine the possibility of their relationships working outside, their therapy sessions where rubbish. Go on, blame Corona because he can't speak for himself. This show was a flop before the virus jumped up! 
thankful for everyone working extra hard during the corona 
A MUST SEE VIDEO about The Corona Virus!!! Did President Trump flip a Black Hat Plan into a White Hat plan. You decide.  and spread far and wide Patriots!!! 
Not this time corona! 
The world is investing all money on health sector while my country, Pakistan, begging all over the world to help fight corona virus, but still millions & billions are spent on this impotent army, capable of doing nothing but killing innocent people. 
Please stay safe out there, please the Corona virus isn’t a joke—it’s REAL. People are dyingwe can all take preventive measures to decrease the mortality rate. Wash your hands—Maintain good social distancing, self Isolate and wear protective safe gloves and mask. Hand sanitize 
Chiplun, (Kokan)Art of Living volunteers provided entire week's ration for 50 families to Chiplun's municipal collection centre. These will be further distributed to daily wage workers and those in need of assistance during the Corona Pandemic. 
The TTFCA wants to extend its thoughts and prayers to all those whom Coach Orlando McDaniel touched, as an athlete, a coach and a friend. He succumbed to Corona virus this morning. RIP, Coach. 
Close-knit ⁦ @BBCNewshour⁩ teams keep us on air in a time of social distancing in #CoronaLockdown . Tonight it’s ⁦ @aliciatrujillo⁩ ⁦ @RozitaRiazati⁩ ⁦ @Al_Riddell⁩ ⁦ @_lauracain⁩ & Henry Tang . ⁦⁦ @bbcworldservice⁩ #corona 
Mai corona se nahi, whatsapp forward's se zaroor marungi.
Fazaluu Rahman offered his new house to be used as isolation centre for #Corona patients. Does anyone know what @ShefVaidya did, other than SHlTTlNG all over social media with  propagandas? #IndiaDeservesBetter  …
Marketing tips during the corona epidemic |Day4 in lockdown  via @YouTube @ajaykudva @StaffoAceFerns Cc @e4mtweets @Social_Samosa @agency_reporter @afaqs @Cheil_Worldwide @theFORKMEDIA @weRinteractive @ETBrandEquity @DentsuAegisIN @PRFuzion @GrapesDigital
y’all having kickbacks, game nights, backyard parties... a lil bit of everything and corona IS STILL... y’all not taking this shit serious! I’m scared
Kejriwal, don't create panic Don't kill people Don't spread corona #ArrestKejriwal
Won't more people die from hunger in Ghana than from corona virus. This is real wickedness. When hand sanitizer sellers increased their prices,we all sparked against them. When the president announced 2 weeks partial lockdown in Accra and Takoradi, go to the various markets
Watching America drop to its knees in the face of corona virus, I can’t help but hear echoes of how callously people here talked about Ebola circa 2014. It doesn’t bring me any joy, and it didn’t then either.
Sweden They have taken a drastically different approach to corona virus than other countries. They decided to keep everything open. Also, they aren't testing health care workers. How's that working out? - 3 447 infected. - 105 dead. - 3% death rate.
Sharing poetry with friends under quarantine in Iran, an escape from the deluge of frightening news in a refuge of beauty. Poetry fills Tehran streets as Iranians adapt Nowruz rituals to Corona restrictions:  … Artist: Golrokh 
Big countries with huge healthcare systems are falling apart in front of #Covid_19 virus. How can Palestinians in Gaza confront the #Corona pandemic in the shades of the israeli occupation blockade?! 
Thousands of migrant workers throng Delhi's Anand Vihar Bus Station to go back home as country witness Curfew to contain Corona COVID 19 pandemic. @IndianExpress @ExpressImages #CoronaUpdate #CoronaLockdown 
English: why don’t you do it Bengali: corona
The best way to counter the fake forwards and fake news would be to circulate all the right positive news and videos in the whatsapp groups. Send 5 SRK related Corona Awareness videos to your family groups and the previous charity posts to your family groups! Spread them wide. 
Y’all don’t have corona virus in ur area?
My phone carrier is a bitchoops life happens but pay your bill bitch, fuck you &amp; corona 
Fr this Corona shit be getting serious and life is way too short so if we got beef or fell out. I just wanna say fuvk you from the bottom of my heart
I hope y’all getting autopsy reports from these “family members” “dieing” “from the corona”
. @msisodia very aptly n humanely made statement by Dy CM Sri Sisodia on the absolutely irresponsible allegations of BJP. This is not time to defeat each other but fight Corona Crisis together. When countries hv forgotten geographical boundaries,BJP hs ashamed India and humanity.  …
Let's beat Corona together  …
Relationships in the time of Corona: You realize that your friends are not people you' want influencing you You see who keeps a cool head, and who  anxiety ridden and panic stricken You realize you need a better social circle
I’m tired of this corona shit!!! I want some fuckin Jamba Juice
He tested postive for Corona virus- the virus that has been around for years. Covid-19 is just a new strain of the Corona Virus and has thus far been proven NO ANIMAL can get it nor spread it. Don’t be the reason people start abandoning their animals.
It's been less than a week since @ChouhanShivraj ji took the charge as CM of MP and he is already on ground to fight Corona when most of the politicians are choosing to stay at home with fear of getting infected. MP is in safe hands again. 
Kejriwal is double faced. One side he shows to be with people, on the other side he is trying to spread corona 19  …
These dirty elements have spread a rumor that wife of a well-placed Army Person is suffering from corona which is a total lie. [15/15] #CoronaUpdate
According to highly placed well informed military sources the Army Chief has ordered the army to carry out all necessary operations as per directions of the prime minister and federal govt. against corona virus. [2/15]
Corona ‘staying my ass indoors’ virus #stayhome  …
this corona shit got y’all showin y’all real personality’s lmao
From #Thala #Ajith’s #Valimai to #STR’s #Maanadu – When and Where Last Day before ‘ #Corona’ #ChiyaanVikram #Sivakarthikeyan #Dhanush #Karnan #Doctor #Simbu #Thala #Vikram Read the Slideshow  …
Urban naxals planning genocide through corona #ArrestKejriwal
Mom : I think your father is trying to get the corona virus, anyway I’ll call you later, bye. AND THEN HANGS UP. and how is your Saturday going?
21 prisoners, 10 convicted of murder, we're granted clemency in Cali. Apps were filed pre-corona, but #corona perhaps did nudge Gov Newsom to act. Let's nudge @NYGovCuomo to act on NY clemency apps. Full disclosure: I've never applied.
Just dealing w the procuring of food, then the sanitizing of the  food, then my hands and all surfaces and doorknobs.  the laundry of all the towels I placed the food upon. Can I just walk into traffic and scream :  get me already?
My boys and I are buying our second Uber car from our influencing saved money. I can’t wait to testify. Corona end soon
An extraordinary avalanche& extremely outstanding Miracles of JESUS has been demonstrated vividly to this generation. Courtesy of the MIGHTIEST PROPHETS DR DAVID OWUOR who prophesied about Corona Virus epidemic. They came with one message;REPENTANCE in CHRIST JESUS 
Saying Covid-19 instead of “Corona Virus” emulates the same feeling as using “furthermore” in an essay.
This corona virus shit is serious man
Goo bear, when will you fact check the claim that reading Azaan 5 times a day can cure Corona?
Damn so apparently there’s a person who tested positive in Mercedes for corona
Kejriwal is double faced. One side he shows to be with people, on the other side he is trying to spread corona #ArrestKejriwal
Madarsa chaap @zoo_bear , Firstly, This video is of 25th March and not Today's. Secondly, TikTok is loaded with videos of 5 Times Namaz Curing Corona but you got only this video to post. Why no Fact-check of those videos?  …
In Pakistan: There are more than 70,000 people in and around my village effected by the Corona lockdown that were solely dependent on daily wages to survive, now they can’t afford their bread and butter. We are providing for as many as we can and are taking donations.
Take care and co-operate. Together we will defeat corona. 
SHARE MAX @msisodia EXPOSES the LIES of BJP and it's IT Cell During such times when the whole nation is fighting corona, BJP is indulging in such shameful propaganda driven politics!! 
The world is being devastated by a corona virus whose origins are not being made absolutely clear -what is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR IS FORMER CHINESE DEFENSE MINISTER GENERAL CHI HAOTIAN’S speech to  party read the world MUST BAN P4 level Virology Labs they are deadly
yesterday I was watching a news segment on covid-19, this rickshaw driver in Bangladesh was saying “I used to make 20 or 100 taka a day and was able to feed my family. Now, my wife has been laid off from her job and I as well. We won’t die of corona but we will die of poverty”
Im ready for this corona shit to be over I got shit to do.
1000+ corona positive cases in India now! Yesterday 151 new cases Today 125+ new cases #StayHomeStaySafe
Your pastor is waiting for Corona to disappear so they continue healing sick people 
China delivered Corona to world @ArvindKejriwal is delivering Corona to all India
We appreciate what everyone is doing to fight and stop the spread of the corona virus. Stay safe out there. 
On the advice of our Leader @mkstalin I have apportioned ₹100,00,000/- (One Crore) to the government hospitals inorder to purchase medical & sanitation supplies. This will strengthen us to fight the deadly Corona virus in my Vellore Parliamentary Constituency. 
Round Table India is doing a series to put together the Bahujan perspective on the corona virus pandemic. Its an honor to have been asked by the RTI Editors @kuffir to engage in the inaugural conversation on the theme.  …
The day we see the Corona situation easing, and the lockdown reducing in intensity, I tell you this nation will have a rebirth of sorts. It’ll change people in so many ways unimaginable.
CORONA IS REAL AGREED! DEMPANIC FEAR IS AN ENGINEERED VIRUS SPREAD BY COMMIE DEMS 2 DESTROY POTUS N CONTROL YOU IT'S WORKING POTUS HAS HAD TO RESPOND STRONGLY TO THIS DEM PLAY IT'S COSTING US FOR DECADES TO COME WAKE UP PEOPLE #VOTEOUTTHESWAMP2020 #TRUMP2020 
Evergreen: Part 2 Here’s a deeper look into the Evergreen Depopulation Theory that focuses on Manhattan, Mt Sinai, the Gugggenheims, Titanic, the Fed and ground zero for the current Corona Virus. @intheMatrixxx @IPOT1776 @LisaMei62  …
Really sad news Italy has now lost 10,023 people to Corona Virus.
Kejriwal started DTC busses for transportation of essential goods but never knew that it was a plan to kick all migrant workers using this Corona virus pandemic. What an evil man.
This corona event certainly has drained the Twitter swamp. It has exposed the fact that there are virtually no legitimate even medium sized accounts on Twitter. And no big or blue check accounts. Basically all just pushing the official narrative & not asking any real questions.
Akshay Kumar Donations Pulwama Martyrs - 5Cr Assam Floods - 2Cr Chennai Floods - 1Cr WCS - 50L CRPF Families - 1.08Cr HFT - 1.5Cr Corona Crisis - 25Cr Founder Of Bharat Ke Veer We are proud of you Sir #AkshayKumar 
At the time of Corona pandemic, Kejriwal is behaving like China. #KejriwalFailedDelhi 
Very very unfortunate !! Kuch tho sharam karo BJP wale Corona virus ka shayad treatment hojayega!! But , iss tarah fake news phelakar logo k zindagi se khelne wala virus ko kaise theek karei. Is this the time to play your dirty politics BJP?? UNBELIEVABLE. 
So much for an independent corona relief IG: Trump Suggests He Can Gag Inspector General for Stimulus Bailout Program #coronavirus  …
I am a part of the govt system! Today,during the Corona epidemic crisis at this time only govt institutions, be it doctors, police,Air India, #BSNL,electricity, water, transport,military are there. People are engaged in service by putting them at risk!Jai Hind Jai India 
UP and Bihar till now have very few cases of Corona. If  days, the numbers rise up substantially. Only person to be blamed should be @ArvindKejriwal. Forcing Migrant workers to leave Delhi, Corona can spread even to remote villages where it will be difficult to control
Corona the real March madness.
I love my mother in law she is almost fully recovered from the corona virus!! We’re so happy!!! Thank you God !!!
We are seeing instances of some ppl posting fake news related to Corona virus spread in Telangana. A fake list of names, their personal details are being shared. Note that cases will be filed on all persons who share such fake info. You may lose your SM profile/handle too.
Man, Corona beer branding getting the ISIS treatment.
Keep having moments of overwhelming panic that I’m going to die if I catch #Corona. I have severe asthma, a mast cell disorder & am recovering from a cancer op. On the whole I manage the anxiety. Right now - agh. I worry they wouldn’t even try and save me. I want to stay alive.
UP cricket association will be contributing 50 lacs rupees to PM- care fund to fight corona virus It’s small endeavour to help people @narendramodi @BCCI
#सलमान_शाहरुख_आमिर_दान_करो @BhagirathNain6 Only take a selfie with the PM or support the country to fight Corona, 
They are attacking #Kejriwal on SM That's a Proof that @ArvindKejriwal is doing amazing and extraordinary work in Delhi Delhi Govt is getting Appreciation from across party lines and Ideologies for their Corona preparedness and prompt action BJP, Cong IT Cell are worried!!
Your dreams are valid fight for them. If we survive this corona let’s do things differently 
YoU sHoUld Do A cOrOnA sToRy 
The Democratic party is far worse than this Corona virus. They're like a cancer to America.
When the first case of corona virus was discovered in the USA back in January 2020 ... ... Donald Trump immediately jumped into action to protect Americans by shutting down travel from China and creating a task force !! .. and what were the mob rule democrats doing you ask?! 
The world and humanity is affected by Corona Virus. So many people around the world have died, and still if you want the data of who donated how much, and without donating a single buck, if you are breaking the lockdown, playing garba, going out on road. check on urself first.
Did you know? The most advanced isolation ward for corona patients in Pakistan is in PKLI. A medical facility formed in Lahore by the then Chief Minister Punjab, 
From Planefags 12hrs ago (sorry) Blackhawk H-60 on ground just south of Corona. No designated landing areas here-. The other one running up the 10 freeway west. Both out of Los Alamitos. 
I’ll keep updating the situation here. Some support has been received since I started this thread. At 9PM dinner was served to Corona Patients. Remember that for these people a healthy nutritious diet is very important for building immunity. We need to expand and improve ASAP 
ESPN needs to drop that Michael Jordan/Bulls documentary right now if they have any sense at all. It would get sooo many views. We need something like this in the midst of Corona
Kudos to my big brother Juma Dossa, who is one of my three Guardian angels and his team for providing support to our able Prime Minister in the fight against Corona Virus in Tanzania. We can only win this fight if we join hands. #solidarity 
Imran Niazi’s Govt started borrowing dollars Hot Money at over 13% interest rate from July 2019. Said borrowing peaked at $3.5B out of which $1.9B has been withdrawn and repatriated abroad amidst current #Corona crisis despite exorbitant interest rate. 1/2
Who feels that @JustinTrudeau and his @liberal_party of Canada did a very effective job of making sure Corona spread Throughout Canada as well as the world by NOT SHUTTING DOWN INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS! Is he trying to Kill older Citizens "Old Stock CDN's" of which he despises?
South Africa is gonna beat Corona Virus sooner than we think. Save this tweet
#Delhi who did you vote for? He is destroying India's fight against Corona with his inept handling of migrant workers...callous and irresponsible #kejriwal_is_a_snake #CoronaStopKaroNa
Mystery In Wuhan: Recovered Coronavirus Patients Test Negative ... Then Positive  … #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronaVirus #ChinaVirus #COVID19 #Covid_19 #CoronaLockdown #COVIDー19 #Corona #CoronavirusOutbreak
Corona Vettai Aarambam in INDIA !! Pls Stay Safe and Stay Home.. Eat Some Healthy Food as Possible !!Nammaloda Ethirpu Sakthi tan Orae Vali for Corona Virus!! #CoronaUpdate #CoronaINDIA
The biggest Corona Battle Loser and Villain is @ArvindKejriwal. Left all Bihari and UP workers living in Delhi stranded and forced them to head back home. Playing politics at this hour is shameful & inhumane. I hope and pray those people don't get infected and spread infection.
I live in Jawahar Nagar area. Confined to home. Taking all precautions to disarm corona in its deadly march. But wherefrom can I buy vegetables and groceries. @listenshahid
Sista corona, watch till it ends Eno be only you love pussy 
I don’t pay much attention to conspiracy theories, but your dad did start the ‘corona v’, so he could lock me up with him.
I see all folks donating to Malawi & I'm screaming STOP IT. MK100,000,000,000.00 found it's way into Politicians pockets in five years. You think your $5 mil will save us or go to fighting Corona? The only thing to save us is Corona killing one a few of these greedy politicians!
Sad day for Pakistan as squash great Azam Khan, 95, died of Corona virus in London. Khan, winner of 4 consecutive British Open titles - 1959-62, was admitted to Ealing Hospital last week. He moved to another universe today. May his soul RIEP and may Allah (SWT) bless him forever.
Can we stop talking about the corona virus for 2 seconds and discuss the fact there is a turkey that just hangs out watching over downtown all day 
corona you two-faced bitch! 
Internet fills many gaps in our life in the time of #Corona. books movies shows are widely available. But absence of sports casts a weird shadow over weekends. We’re so used to watching men & women bounce, catch, hit, throw & shoot balls & pucks, their absence adds to melancholy.
There's legit only three days in a week during this Corona period Yesterday, today and tomorrow.
Hi Twitter Friends, I am doing a big thing. Many of my students have parents without Social Security number and are not getting help from the government. So I am raising money for @SDIRC. They have a fund for families effected by the corona virus. Here is the email I sent: 
Interesting read @NYTimes but needs a PSA. 99.999% of heart attacks today are *still* typical heart attacks. And they need the same life-saving care we provided BC (before #corona). If you have chest pain, DONT sit it out. Call 911. ⁦  …
Corona Marketing hack: Simply add the phrase “at home” That’s it That’s the tweet
That's how my friend met her kids after 6 days She is doc in hyd and dealing with corona patients! Ppl docs r humans too! Plz stay home 
Eastleigh 1 Kenya Police 0 @AwJeffers @Moha_Bitee @Capiii_ #Corona #eastleigh 
Again. Religious people. The weak link in this Corona fight.  …
BREAKING:First death from Spanish #royalfamily due to #coronavirus Princess Maria Teresa of Spain has died at 86 after testing positive for corona virus 
Sadly Qatar has announced the first death due to corona virus. God rest his soul. 
Day 17 of quarantine: corona giving me the blues so I changed my hair 
I am with you in this Queen My prayers are with you and i wish you a speedy recovery. King @davido and Queen @chef_chi You guys are bigger than any corona foes It is a fight, Humanity will win 
Deeply saddeneed to hear last night that Ricky passed at Northwick Park which @GarethThomasMP raised in Commons this week for declaring a corona emergency  such a dooughty fighter for all in Ealing borough and beyond.  …
all my mom does is watch the news about corona and try to talk to me about corona
Corona virus, the biggest cock block in history
#SealStateBorders #ArrestKejriwal #AresstRaghavChadha this is conspiracy by Delhi state Government to spread Corona virus in Rural India....  …
Let’s spread this around better than corona - 
#WuhanCoronavius 1) Where whole world is being affected by this, why did it not spread anywhere in China except Wuhan? How did China's capital remain untouched by this? 2) Why did China hide from whole world about the virus? 3) Why destroyed the initial sample of Corona?
@narendramodi Is The Best PM Bharat Got Post-1947. Support Him To Defeat #Corona And Save Bharat. Don't Violate Lockdown. #CoronaLockdown
Over 20 000 people dead from Corona virus in Europe. RETWEET if you agree we should have stopped the flights from outbreak areas months ago.
Bobi Wine’s corona song is spreading faster than the corona virus itself
Corona day 345 Great idea for all ages using anything really... 
Me and @preejap13 give you the latest update of the corona virus positive cases. K'taka saw 12 positive cases today and the total number of cases have gone up to 76 . The new helpline numb : 9745697456 for COVID-19 queries. @DHFWKA @XpressBengaluru @mla_sudhakar  …
Why has so many  nasty on social media after Corona virus? I constantly get messages from people attacking me for factually reporting on this pandemic. I'm sorry that reality doesn't conform to your feelings. Only with facts can we beat this pandemic.
I am ready for anything but not corona, I have called 719 but they are not helpful
Corona is ruining “find your starting 5” season
Remember British Corona Time starts tomorrow. The clocks go back to a time when large numbers of people died of infectious diseases, neighbours went to the shops for each other, and you could hear the birdsong over the sound of the traffic.
106 pilgrims have finished their 14 day quarantine period in Sukkur & their corona virus tests have  as negative. These 106 pilgrims are being released from the quarantine centre after propers tests
If Nigeria ever decides to track down fakers like the dude who said he needs $100k to go hell to fight a corona virus demon or the “corrosive anointing” one, this guy would be great for such a role. Quote the bible before making his arrest! I love this video so much.  …
Over 20 000 people have now died from Corona virus in Europe. Every single death is horrible and shouldn't have happened. This could have been stopped. But no, politicians had to keep the  for the economy.
I don't know what scares me more Corona virus - Or thinking tRump & the Republicans could manage to steal the 2020 election & we'd have 4 more years of tRump.
This is a message for corona. If you’re not corona please ignore this and keep scrolling 
Muslim University Labour Party Chair Celebrates Prime Minister’s Corona Diagnosis: The left defines evil.  
Yea this corona mess is scary. Lord watch over my family and friends please.
You guys who can help us? Corona suspects from Italy and Dubai in our estate but they are well connected, we have reported the matter to Kahawa Sukari police station but nothing is being done @NPSOfficial_KE @FredMatiangi @ahmednasirlaw @DavidNdii @ItsMutai Guys help us #CurfewKE
This is the whole thing in a nutshell right here - climate, corona, etc. 
funny how every pundit and blue check cried #Metoo for dr Ford (and rightfully so)  silence on Taras story like the corona virus. It only seems like these people use those causes to advance their careers or pull partisan line
What a shame ! For this @AnkitM03 Corona is Comedy. 
#Covid_19 has made us, especially Westerners of Kenya to realise that burial within 48 hours is just ok. Wish the practice remains after the corona period.
Before today, I was so confident that India would defeat corona. But as  out of Delhi and Mumbai, my confidence has dwindled and fear has grown.
#SSOT The #coronavirus places the world in front of real challenge to humanity, African gov decided to lockdown, but there people who live with less than 1$a day,to them the cruelty of the Corona virus is no less than the cruelty of living.They are dead in the eyes of the world 
Karachi: (March 28th, 2020) Sindh Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah presides over 31st meeting of Taskforce on Corona here at CMHouse. The meeting was attended by provincial minister, chief secretary, IG police,…  …
Idk how you mf’s still going outside with friends and then going around your family?!??! corona virus cases in Indiana shot up 300+ more in ONE day!!! This corona bitch is moving fast and by hundreds.... stay home.
8 week head start on corona yet our government is contacting *a medical fetish shop* for basic protective equipment for NHS staff. sick of this fucking country.  …
Londynn B just made a song because of the corona situation rn. What do you think about this? 
*Anytime I suspect I have Coro on my hands* Me: Soaks hand inside Hypo, wash with soap and water, then apply hand sanitizer Corona Virus:  …
Inequality kills in general and even more in pandemics: Harvard Public Health professor explains how and why global Corona disaster threatens to do its worst in the US. 
#CoronavirusOutbreak Corona has no effect in nearby Beijing / Shanghai But deaths in Italy, Iran, European countries and ruining the world economy... All business areas of China are safe Something is fishy. That America is blaming China is correct. #WuhanCoronavius
“Corona virus is getting boring now , we need something interesting like zombies ”
It's actually sick that people  on here and lying about family members dying from corona just for clout. I really do hate this place sometimes. Beyond disgusting. These likes gonna pay the bills your ass can't pay anymore?
We all wanna stay home until this devil is gone but debit orders are what stresses many We need Debts frozen/dstv Free internet Free food for the poor Free electricity and water We wont mind staying indoors till Corona is gone, we don't want money.
Whattay teqqiya you , kejriwal and Prashant Kishore deliberately designed this to spread corona into the  Barkha Dutt must be tried for war  …
You threw migrants out of Delhi. Dumped them on roads and open to infection & Corona Virus Outbreak. Politics at the cost of peoples lives! Shame on you @ArvindKejriwal! Now, who will ration shops cater to? Make fake delivery to raise fake bills, eh? #KejriwalFailedDelhi
Urging Hesson Sahab to sell Siraj and donate that money to PM fund for Corona
Stepping outside before we go corona quarantine stir-crazy! 
Pastor Yiga was arrested for saying that there is no Corona virus in Uganda
Can't wait for the vaccine to be made only for my countrymen to call it a West's trick to curtail our population and we keep fighting corona until Qayamat as a result.
Whn NaMo announcd Demonitisation, he had no far fetched vision on the economy. Similrly, whn he announced lockdown, he never thought of his fellow Indians. Poor migrant workrs r facing the brunt while he airlifts NRIs. Let's watch Ramayana n say Go Corona Go. All is well with us!
Good accounts to follow during corona for: CFB: @PickSixPreviews @CFBLive247 @kyleumlang @CFBHome @PDawg206 @rivalsmike CBB: @AllMikedUp_ @jakefromky @GoodmanHoops NFL: @nfldraftscout @NFLFilmStudy @nfldraftupdate NBA: @hmfaigen @LakeShowYo @ZachLowe_NBA
Who are these people spreading rumours who are these people who want that #lockdownindia fails and #corona wins @ArvindKejriwal allowing this to happen .....on #poochtaHaiBharat with @ptshrikant @ManojTiwariMP @anilvijminister link;  
Marlin: coughing and vomiting... Mom: Marlin what's wrong, is that Corona Virus? Marlin: no, I'm pregnant! Mom: ah! Thank God..
"Lockdowns are necessary. We need to save lives. People can survive even if they go without food for 3 days." - Elites who have never gone hungry for a single day in their entire pathetic lives. Jo Corona se bach bhi gaye wo bhook se waise hee marjayega!
CAN'T WE JUST ALL COME TOGETHER? NOW THAT THE MEDIA HAS CONVINCED YOU THAT EVERYONE THAT MOVES IS A WALKING Petri dish of the Corona virus. NO WE CANNOT.
If corona virus hits Somalia , the whole country is finished , imagine telling them stay home . Guriga joog aa!
I’ve been high 75 % of this whole corona shit
Fuck corona this pollen about to take me out
Birthday in the time of Corona. Cut the cake yourself and eat it yourself too! 
Gokus the type to ask to fight the corona virus
Lol. This guy is using bible verses to disperse a disobeying church. I will never forget these corona virus times.  …
6.Punjab’s healthcare departments and PDMA have been provided Rs 11.5 billion immediately to deal with diagnostic facilities, personal protective gear and other corona- related measures
This video of Joe Biden is fake. I told you all that Joe has the Corona Virus and has been dealt with already. (He's a Pedo) This video of him talking is a very advanced (and terrifying) deep fake. It isnt him speaking. Notice how his scalp glitches sometimes when he moves.  … 
Going out in  corona clothes. If you see me, mind your business.
ppl being creeped out by that dead family corona tiktok is so cute to me like damn y’all really have regular brains that don’t freak you the fuck out with it’s own horrific imagery multiple times a day
I haven’t gotten any ass since this corona shit
Corona's painting by an Italian painter, drawn to symbolize that the situation is out of control, and now all is up to God. Allah please help us ! (Copied) 
I don't know who needs to hear this, but no reputable health care source will tell you that it's your fault you got corona because you baked a cake instead of a sweet potato and "weakened your immune system"
See what Lockdown without any planning and logistics leads to! Overcrowding + high chances of spreading Corona and Death all over the country. So thrilled are some people with ‘surgical strikes’ that they forgot to make Contingency Plan — even with 7 weeks of advance warning! 
Commie Tricks (corona virus) The Word is that celebrities are getting paid to say they have the #CoronaVirus to manipulate civilians to eventually get vaccines. Then the vaccines themselves actually have the Virus inside of  …
Only take a selfie with the PM or support the country to fight Corona, pursue this trend of @HansrajMeena #सलमान_शाहरुख_आमिर_दान_करो
#CoronaKoDhona @drharshvardhan @ArvindKejriwal @myogiadityanath Pls ban sale of N95 mask in open market. There is a huge scarcity. Doctors n Corona positive needs N95 more than anyone else. @IMAIndiaOrg @ImaGhaziabad @PMOIndia @delhimediasso @FordaIndia @AIIMSRDA  …
With the spread of COVID 19 in 201 countries and the onset of the disease in Kerala, 1,34,370 people from different districts are under observation. Of these, 1,33,750 are under home surveillance and 620 in hospitals. Total of 148 people were admitted in hospitals today. #Corona
my mum just said "I fancy a Chinese but I'm too scared because off corona" I'm done LMFAOOOOOOOOO
Me staying at home with this Eii God mmm. #Lockdown wei de3 mmm. I will die Eii mm. God do something er . Corona Virus don kill person #smashghana #AskTheInfoMinistry #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe Wendy 
USA has had 106,258 corona cases so far and CHINA 81,394 cases. What does this information tell you ?
Dedicated to our healthcare workers, our frontliners, our "heroes" out there, who struggles night and day, serves the people who got infected by the corona-virus. God bless and stay safe to everyone #fuckcoronavirus 
Was on the phone with family. Someone has told them a story that a newborn baby died after saying to his mom that everyone should start taking black tea if they want to defeat corona. And swatyan have started drinking black tea
19:42 Thika Road is empty, Kenyans fear Police enforcement more than Corona Virus. #KaaNyumbani #CurfewinKenya #CurfewKE  via @MarkDienya
#QuidProCOVID19 The world's Dumbest Blonde signed the Corona Virus Relief Bill, that wouldn't have been needed if he addressed this 8 weeks ago when everyone & their mothers told him to get off his ass & deal with it. But it's only for people who Appreciate what he's done! 
Flight attendant orders this passenger to leave the plane and sit on the engine because he has the Corona Virus. (Source: auntie on Whatsapp) 
Hey, look who is in the Chronicle of Higher Ed: @ProfAishaAhmad on ignoring the pressure to be productive in a time of Corona  …
aside the cons of corona? the earth is recovering 
The Brexiters are raving mad! "John Longworth, former head of the British Chamber of Commerce: 'Due to the expected economic crisis, the EU will be desperate to conclude a trade agreement with the UK. This [corona] has given us a golden opportunity!'."  …
I have always been afraid that the dems in order to make Trump look bad would fudge the number of deaths from the flu to make it look like it was from the corona virus. 
Maharashtra: As many as 26 #Corona infected patients discharged and sent home after their reports came negative. #IndiaFightsCorona #CoronaUpdate
The debate about 'corona bonds' or other mutualized sovereign debt instruments is hardly new. We had this debate during the last crisis. The contributions I made are here  …). We lost. In the meantime, I think the debate has  more challenging. 1/n
Why are the people that are beating corona virus, not telling us what medications they are taking, that’s working? I see the videos about people catching it. Where’s the videos of them telling us what’s keeping them from dying? Why all the secrecy about the treatment?
This afternoon the moon shifts from earthy, positive Taurus, into curious & active Gemini. From feeling grounded & rooted, we now feel like we could spring out into the world to engage, explore & connect. A little tough cause of corona so connect with others online & stay safe.
Misguiding migrant workers and their mass gathering at Anand Vihar DTC terminal is nothing but attempts of some anti-national and mischievous elements to defy India’s efforts of fighting Corona. Such elements need to be taught lesson. #KejriwalFailedDelhi
I’m ngl since I heard corona can live up to 72hrs on plastic I’ll be doing the same  …
I'm very much sure China has already found the vaccine for Corona. May be only after the vaccine they dared to spread the virus. But as of now they cannot disclose this because they will be caught with their pants down. And US, India I guess know something is fishy. 1/n
The thing I want to see is “NEWS FLASH: Corona Virus cure found!” Mo fe jade! Mo fe jadeeeeeeeee
Trump/GOP economic failure: US $loss from Corona (lost jobs, closed businesses, etc.) already far above cost to produce & stockpile tests, masks, ventilators, hospital beds, etc. needed to properly prepare for/manage the virus. An ounce of prevention worth a pound of cure.
Cuomo says WNY should get ready for Corona Patients. Does anyone realize, this part of NY is 7 hours from NYC. There are plenty of hospitals that are closer. Does he want to spread this virus across NYS? Keep it isolated damnit ! @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani @DonaldJTrumpJr
#AnandVihar bus stand ... #Corona 
India is  a biological bomb itself coz they have a leader like Nawaz Sharif & Zardari. God forbid but I am seeing a scariest epicenter of Corona Virus in India. Worst than China & Italy.  …
16 and 17 year olds are dying of corona YOU GUYS ARE NOT IMMUNE for the love of god stay home
Why is the "Number of UK" corona virus death being played down. All those who die in places other that hospital are not being officially recognised. The girl aged 21 who died last week is not on the official corona death stats as she died at home. This is a blatant manipulation
CORONA RELIEF FYI: 1) college students claimed as dependents on their parents' taxes will not receive a relief check 2) parents are only receiving the additional $500 for each child under 17 basically, MILLIONS of Americans age 17-24 won't be accounted for with this package
I've read several 'how Corona will change our lives in the years ahead'. Conclusion: no-one has a clue.
I hope after this corona virus episode, we can sit down and draft a law banning public office holders from going abroad for medical tourism. We need to make the public service less attractive to politicians.
New Yorkers are throwing 'corona potlucks' and visiting 'speakeasies'  …
When Kape test positive for corona mf gon regret all them lil kickbacks
Corona Virus is the girl that she thinks she is sana
Salute to healthcare workers serving humanity in these times of trial. On  of the CEAG, all doctors and nurses working in dedicated Corona Hospitals/HDU/IDU shall perform duty in 6 hourly shifts and get 2 weeks off after one week of duty. 
McCarthy on Corona Stimulus Bill: ‘What the Democrats Did is a Total Disgrace’ 
Itne polarized ho chuke hai middle class hindu, ki corona outbreak me bhi hindu muslim dhund hi liya hai.
A #MustRead article by Golnar Nikpour on how to think about the crisis of #prisons and our global carceral regimes made more evident by the #Corona pandemic. Iran has released 70,000 of its 240,000 prisoners so far. via @jadaliyya  … #Iran #FreeThemAll
By looking at migrants labour suffering, this is confirmed that there will no one to save you once Corona Virus gets out of the hands in India.
Doctors nurses teachers r underpaid Just my opinion... Doctors nurses medical staff literally putting their lives and in some instances have lost their own lives from corona... Teachers i dont know how they can deal with a class full of kids daily NO IDEA
Thanking Pune Collector, Zilla Parishad CO, Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation Commissioners, Police, Doctors, Nurses and Support Staff for their hard work to tackle the Corona Virus Crisis. (1/2) 
5 Corona cases tested postive today in Mysuru 4 residents of Nanjangud Town - Chamundi Pura extension, ramaswamy layout, govind Raj layout 1 resident of yaraganahalli new extension. They were contacts of P52 who tested positive recently (3rd positive of Mysuru).
This 2020 is terrible: 1. January: War between Iran and America. 2. January: Locusts in East Africa 3. February: Corona virus 4. March: Corona virus 5. April: Corona virus 6. May: ????? 7. June: ????? Not sure if the second half 
Akshay Kumar Donations Pulwama Martyrs - 5Cr Assam Floods - 2Cr Chennai Floods - 1Cr WCS - 50L CRPF Families - 1.08Cr HFT - 1.5Cr Corona Crisis - 25Cr Founder Of Bharat Ke Veer And Many More... The Man With Golden Heart #AkshayKumar 
Here's the top  link right now on  United States: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez calls for basic  as a response to the corona virus crisis  
I’m preparing to interview @sarahljaffe for @thedigradio about how people are organizing in response to corona crisis. What are the most encouraging models that you’ve seen here in the US and elsewhere? Links to articles etc appreciated. What’s been successful, what challenging?
How many of yall gon take the "Corona Vaccine" when it's available? Its gon be a no from me dog
If you are bored of Corona... Please remember... Corona is not bored of you.... Stay at home... Stay indoors...
Tata gave 1500Cr to fight corona virus. How much ambani and adani gave? Cracks like Subramanya Swamy mocked Tata and silent on Ambanis and Adanis crony capitalism. Morons.
For some obscure reason, @Eskom_SA has been able to prevent loadshedding since the state of emergency,  failed for the last 2 yrs. Corona + Loadshedding would have been too much to handle. Thank you 
Death toll due to Corona virus in UK Crossed 1000.
Today, the Southern Transitional Council’s President Aidarois Al-Zubaidi met,via a video conference,with the UN envoy Mr. Martin Griffiths to discuss the peace efforts to resolve the crisis in Yemen and the ongoing STC efforts to confront Corona pandemic in Aden & other regions. 
I guess the Corona Virus Crisis will have put a spanner in the works for the Scottish Government's imminent sale of Prestwick Airport.
Children, use this Corona people to educate yourself....teach yourself a new language or skill on YouTube...either work related or otherwise.....sio kila siku ulevi, movie, Instagram Tiktok na usherati.
New idea: everyone that tests negative for corona gets put into a town closed off from everything. We party and have fun until everything blows over. We are happy.
I told u they would do this The media aids to the president are busy dishing out lies to Nigerians even in the face of corona outbreak. In the latest claim that Buhari had briefings from the Health minister & DG, NCDC in Aso rock. Please see the photos Femi Adeshina attached. 
