Dawg why my gma start sneezing and then yelled “CORONA”
 on Jackie Chans Instagram and asked if he could fight the corona virus
We in Serbia have cure for Corona! Just don't test sick citizens on Corona and no Corona!
A person has died from Corona virus in America and the state of Washington has declared a state of emergency.
Scoop by @ClaireH_Scott who tracked down the taxi driver who transported the first corona virus victim in Ireland!  …
They are more scared of the #sportsrorts virus, donor backlash virus and the quiet Australians waking up to their financial  virus so they constantly talk about corona virus
Corona virus Europe update. : 1140 : 100 : 79 : 45 : 23 : 18 : 15 : 13 : 6 : 6 : 4 : 3 : 3 : 3 : 3 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 : 1
hmm wonder what policies our government is secretly pushing through while the media distracts us with the corona virus scandal much to think about, don’t text
If we ever needed proof of how mindblowingly dumb society has  sales of the beer Corona have dropped with the news of the Corona Virus outbreak...I wish I made this up for a laugh...but it's actually one hundred percent true.
This the mf that’s gonna stop the corona virus 
Well Our Trip to Milan just canceled due to the Corona Virus Fiasco.. the Great thing is .. we still get paid as if we Worked.. Aye ! A night out in NYC I guess
the first corona virus death in america just happened um 
Before the media convinces us that we’re all going to die from Corona Virus, could they at least give us time to stop grieving over all the deaths from WWIII that they explained started when we killed Solemani. #coronavirus #exploiteverycrisis
Corona virus in Italy is continuing to spread - 1140 infected. - 105 in intensive care. - 29 dead.
Fed cuts. Market pops 3%. My leveraged calls make 12%. I sell. Market drops. Exercise my puts. We enter recession. We all die of corona. My profits  irrelevant
when billie cancels tour bc of corona i have nothing to live for.... interesting
Let’s assume this is true for a moment — what does this mean for our understanding of the hospitalization and lethality of Corona?  …
SARS --- 2004 AVIAN -- 2008 SWINE -- 2010 MERS --- 2012 EBOLA -- 2014 ZIKA ---- 2016 EBOLA -- 2018 CORONA - 2020 There are no coincidences! Ask yourself, what is  denominator... All are election years. The Left doing the same thing over & over. Insanity!
"Why should I wash my HANDS? Corona is a respiratory illness!" Listen. Here's why my dear friends. You can't know what other people do and what you've touched. #CoronarvirusOutbreak  
Went to Computer Village, Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria today to buy original android charger, Nigga said its N3500. Oga why? B'coz of Corona Virus omo my liver fail me  …
$400 worth of groceries later, we are ready for whatever a Corona brings Terrible quarantine, we are prepped Nothing at all, we got extra food  over?
Fuck Suzanne Harms. Fuck Marisela Corona. Fuck DCFS. Fuck the sheriffs department. Fuck Stephanie Rodriguez and the rest of the social workers. Fuck Isauro Aguirre. BUT MOST OF ALL FUCK PEARL FERNANDEZ.
Infected should be called Corona
What if we held hands In our Corona Virus Shelter While eating emergency apocalypse beans
You don't get Coronavirus from drinking Corona. But you DO get lycanthropy from drinking wolf-themed beers.
Nancy implies one corona death is Trump's fault while she allows conditions in her district that will cause a corona explosion.
I just keep shaking my head when I hear 37% of people won't drink Corona beer. I wonder how many people have moved out of Corona, California? Of all the ridiculous things I have heard from magats, this is right up there.
“Trump’s  is putting my life at risk!” - Says Maggie Overweight Two pack a day smoker on Twitter #caronavirusoutbreak #TrumpVirus #trump #corona #truth
Y'all she's a close friend of mine and I just heard that she has corona please send her love because she deserves it  …
The more @corona I drink, the less likely I am to get that virus, right? 
14 day quarantine where we drink Corona and eat Chinese food, who’s in? #coronavirus #corona
That was the blueprint They’re going forward as planned Despite the fact they’re powerless to implement to full scale The hope is the Corona blueprint can crash the economy enough where Americans lose trust for DJT The DS is still alive & powerful A dying bear can still kill you  …
This guy selling corona infected blood and saliva on dark web Now you get to play Plague inc In real life just for a thousand bucks 
If any of the Corona cases in CA or WA were from exposure to illegal aliens with the virus, would the media ever report it?
Me getting sick right as the corona virus is being spread around western WA 
Michael Moore lied again on TV saying Trump called the Corona virus pandemic a hoax. We know Moore is full of sh*t because Trump blocked flights from China. Would he do that if he thought it was a hoax? . @MMFlint, your hoax to frame Trump with the Corona virus will fail. LOL!  …
TOMORROW IS PAIGE MILLIE CHLOE ELLIE KATIE FISHER ERIN MADDIE KIERA COURT SOPH AMELIA LYLA EVIE SOPHIE ANF DARCEYS DAY U ALL DESERVE THIS SO MUCH PLEASE DONT LET ANYONE RUIN IT AND MAKE SURE U HYPE UP JACK OR ELSE ITS CORONA TIME I LOVE U ALL SM HAVE THE BEST BEST DAY EVER
Corona Soup
What good will it do for Pres. Trump to restrict travel or close the borders when this ruling allows possible corona virus holders to be released into America? Makes no sense. @realDonaldTrump
I'm less worried about the corona virus than whatever illness it is turning people's brains into yoghurt  …
Gona be devastated if the corona virus quarantines me in Dubai with a gang of my best pals. I’ll miss my lovely wife, but I’m best staying where I am
Democrats quick to support Catch & Release of illegals to spread more Corona Virus in USA. Thx @ChuckSchumer. RT Appeals Court Approves ‘Catch and Release,’ Allowing Migrants Into U.S.  … via @ConDailyPost
It no news. It's been known for weeks but just put out now to give the peasants something to cheer about set against a backdrop of bullygirl Patel, Johnson flood/Corona virus inactivity, stock market fall..Oh & BTW where is the Russia Report? Can you ask.
Are you sure it’s not the threat of a half inch of snow instead of death from the corona virus? Because that totally looks like the half an inch of snow store shelves to me.
Whomever named this current pandemic “Corona Virus” instead of “Kung Flu” missed a golden opportunity..
If you find corona virus as joke, just bIock me. I won’t defend you when you intentionally trying to sound dumb for clout or in any other way.
Mr. Trump Please watch the video below Corona antivirus is only in the hands of Mr. Hosseini's leader #Restart $34 Billion in Money for Corona Antivirus Vaccine, Ultimate Target of Iran Terrorist Regime. #RestartMIGA #PlanB 
We arrived safely on the island of #Tenerife for our annual student excursion on flora and island biogeography. No #corona but local food and vino tinto. Tomorrow Malpais de Guïmar. Stay tuned. 
Worried about the spread of the Corona virus through #Amazon shipments 
Finally the answer to the shortage issue of #Corona masks. 
. @TedLieu, your Tweet just proved President Trump was right. You are politicizing the Corona Virus. If you cared about Americans' safety, you'd be working with Trump, because he has the power to mobilize forces with one signature. But, you just want to "hoax" the public, again.
Speaking of hoaxes, they were working on the impeachment when the corona virus emerged.
And you get corona, and you get corona, everybody gets corona 
3 more cases of corona virus in Ontario today, all having travel history of Iran ..one of the ladies despite having symptoms, traveled through a GO bus. I think Canada's response is very slow,and they should cancel flights from Iran. But ofcourse they won't cuz they're too "nice"
V.P. Mike Pence said that President Donald J Trump has expanded travel restrictions on Iran! He has also upgraded travel advisories to Level 4 urging Americans to not travel to areas in Italy and South Korea most affected by the corona virusAbsolutely 
Corona virus, Pritti Patel and Turkey, and what do @SkyNews headline with? Johnson is going to be a father.....again
first person that died in the us from the corona virus lives 15 minutes away from me its hut
I went home smoking #weed everyone was surprised on how i went in dey started if i'm okay, show dem dis picture and told them ina maganin Corona virus ne now got free license to smoke #weed everywhere #coronavirusnigeria 
This how corona got going
My friend just suggested that Corona donate $1 to vaccination R+D and distribution for every six pack they sell and honestly? Fkn brilliant.
If I was there when the corona virus started, I would have stopped it.
Regime TV shows doctors testing  from Lebanon for corona-virus. The woman's body temperature is 34.8 You are dead.  to Syria! 
Many people are asking why do I need to shut the Mexican border to stop the Corona Virus. 38% of Americans think it’s a good idea, that’s why! #CoronaVirusUpdate 
See ehh, one drop of Corona Virus for Pent right now then the whole Ghana go get am by 3:35pm morrow
US 1st corona death, evergreen >The patient passed away after test results confirmed the infection last night, according to a letter from EvergreenHealth  … >>evergreen >>Seattle >>anonymous. >>>>>trust the plan >>>>>>>>Stop being 
Theres a ship load of mainland Chinese taking refuge in Australia right now as the corona virus takes hold The sight of CLUELESS ridiculously dressed non English speaking Chinese nouveau rich looking at aussies in amazement that we could be so stupid to let them in is humiliating
Seattleites prepare for the corona virus apocalypse by stocking up on chia seeds. 
Seriously if it was not for the fascist regime we could be one of the happiest ppl on earth. Here is an Iranian nurse dancing amid corona :) 
Is the corona virus in Ghana yet or I should bring it ?
Dim Sum and Corona Light for dinner. That’s how I roll. Fight the BS, y’all.
What are the chances that the Pope would contract the corona virus? Lol... the intelligence operation to get rid of the deep state continues...  …
Bangladesh : We export textiles Pakistan : We export rice, cotton and textiles etc Brazil : we export soybean and iron ore Iran : We export Corona Virus  …
Surely my mum isn’t the only one who’s gone crazy about the corona virus
BREAKING NEWS CONFIRMED: If your health fucking sucks and if  flu poses a mortal risk to you, the corona virus is of similar risk. We'll have more updates on this massive, jaw dropping, stunning revelation  knowledge about health and this "pandemic."
If y'all don't like my tweets on the Corona virus. You are  to scroll on or unfollow me. Some of us are interested. Period. The end.
BREAKING: You will NOT get CoronaVirus drinking Corona beer.
Dutton woefully unprepared on questions of corona virus country travel bans, rationale on the run #insiders
Trump winning the next election still gives me more panic than the corona virus.
I swear Mexico barely got their first case a matter of days ago and now they got a whole ass cumbia for corona virus 
I am a patriot who is at risk, if I were to catch the CV. I know many other patriots in the same boat. WE HAVE AN INTEREST. Ive been accused of spreading propaganda by tweeting news stories about the Corona Virus. My response  …
FEMA was ready The Mideast wouldve been in full blown war ISIS wouldbe had spread into EU Russia & Syria fighting them to death Russia fully mobilized & ready for all out war Iran & NK gone nuclear WW3 Virus The world would’ve been in Chaos Corona was the nail in your coffin  …
How would you carefully word your tweet... would you say "I think my package has corona virus cuz it's from Asia" type of shit????  …
Unacceptable - Trump and Pence mistake the gender of our first fatality: First coronavirus death in the U.S. happens in Washington state ⁦ @NBCNews⁩ #corona  …
@CarlosR you got the best people. Riot didnt allow fanmeet due Corona - Understandable Yet I was so sad to not meet Luka because I'm fan of G2 because of Luka. After todays game Luka sneaked out and came after me."I didnt wanted to leave you hanging" Nobody noticed him leaving.
What if the Corona Epidemic was already in the cards HRC was supposed to be POTUS Gun grabbing would have taken place The US like China would declare mass curfews due to outbreakS, hit teams would have picked up opposition to Globalists Claimed they’re infected & they’d disappear
I rather catch Corona then hodl Cardano though.
SOME WOMAN IS PREGNANT Corona Virus! Wales flooded. North flooded! Scotland leaving the UK! The country taken over by a bunch of psychopaths! The four horsemen of the apocalypse are swiftly approaching! Yet multiple column inches will now be devoted to this !! FFS ...!!?!  …
57' | First sub. Corona takes the field for Katai. 
An Iranian member of parliament has died of corona virus. He had a beard, I just posted minutes ago that bearded people have higher risk. Shaving daily is a good precaution.
Turkish Military Strikes faster then Corona
Corona virus better act the same way the government does and avoid Connaught
Corona virus ?? En Mexico ?? Fuck that we war ready 
The corona virus is testing political leaders and here is a lie the prime minister told about Australian preparedness, verbatim. Speers links the virus straight to Home Affairs Minister Dutton, because everything - like hospital capability “surge” - must be securitised #Insiders
Lmao just heard that any student  back tomorrow will be taken for test because of Corona virus and that also means that if you've taken any kind of drugs they'll be able to detect it
Thank you South Corona for today's victory , I couldn't have done it without you black sum bitches ! 
niggas about to get fresh for this corona virus shit. Corona virus drip. You already know what it is. 
1st #CoronavirusOutbreak Death has taken place in The USA just now! Stock Market is crashing down Due to Corona virus flights r not operating Fully all over the world Oil prices r reducing I guess All those Ppl who r holding $$Should Sell Asap!
Almost all the countries that have the Corona virus incidence were so because an italian travelled to the place. What in the Picasso is going on?
Corona Beer buys $4 billion in Canadian cannabis. So why the shortage and stalling in Ontario?  …
If Corona gave free masks with every 6 pack, their sales would skyrocket.
Qboomers are saying we shouldn't worry about Corona-chan. Okay, boomer.
Q has subtly given us hints about the reality behind Corona. On Feb 25, Q responded to an anon’s screenshot re: Iger’s resignation from Disney. Notice the Twitter graphic is from CNBC, the stock ticker is in red, and the subtitles. “The Silent War continues..” 
-- Corona Virus : Lagos pharmacy accused of selling a bottle of hand sanitizer for almost N20k . 
At a time when globalalised, anonymised supply chains are being blown apart by corona virus how can any government think about taking food security for granted.  …
anyone from the corona/riverside/anaheim area that’s a photographer? i really want to put better content on my IG that aren’t just selfies and mirror photos all the time RTs &  appreciated!
My friend just ordered a Corona in solidarity and the bar had taken it off the tap because it was so unpopular
The story that matters today: Boris Johnson has failed to bring Nazanin home as both foreign secretary & PM. She's been wrongfully imprisoned for 4 years in Iran. Now, already weakened, she may have the corona virus.  …
They couldn't  up with a coherent candidate with a clear vision for America; imagine what they would do with the Corona Virus?  …
And Scientific data for back up! Corona virus designed for Asian physiology!  …
China has recorded over 85,000 cases of Corona virus yet no one increased the price of safety products. Nigeria just recorded its first case yesterday morning, and a pharmacy has increased the price of hand sanitizer from 1k to 20k. Kai, the black man is wicked 
If your bf asian you single to me...tf Wu Hong gonna do give me corona?
It's worth noting that usually pollution kills more people in China in a single day than the total amount who have died of the corona virus since this outbreak began.  …
#CoronaVirusUpdate Person: I'm sick, please help. Doctor: Here's a $300 office visit, $250 to pay me, $75 for a test. Here's your medicine that cost $199 since you don't have insurence. You wanna stop this Corona shit? Fix the healthcare system.
People panicked over corona virus, but the flu? — it’s killed at least 16,000 Americans this season. Keep things in perspective!  …
If your reading the constant tweets from non medical experts / media about corona virus please PLEASE watch this . I can Imagine more people will make themselves ill from stress over media reporting and panic than the virus .  …
What do you think of the corona virus risk to USA?
Corona virus and chinas debt arguing whos gonna end us first!! 
Sharing this GIF will grant you immunity to Corona virus and will feed Corona Chan with energy to kill off [redacted] 
I will stop corona virus  …
This official from Qom, epicentre of #COVID2019 in Iran, reports that only in 4 hospitals in Qom 652 Corona patients hospitalised. This is more than total official numbers reported across the country.  …
There are 1 million hospital beds in America. If 10% of America gets infected, that is 30 million. 20% of corona patients need hospitalization, which means 6 million hospitalized. There are only 1 million hospital beds.
Corona Virus is just a hoax --Trump Imagine Buhari made this statement.
Also. Thursday: Inter played Ludogorets without fans. Tomorrow: Five games aren't played. Wednesday: Juventus plays milan with fans from non alarming zones allowed at the stadium. They defeated the Corona virus in three days or what?? Why should anyone follow this damn league??
Okay, digest this; someone died of Corona virus in Washington state. President Trump described the patient as a “wonderful woman” and a “medically high-risk patient” in her late 50s, at a news conference. Jeffrey Duchin, chief health officer for Seattle and King County,
Now that Corona Virus has hit Ireland I'm anxiously awaiting whatever awful take Rory's Stories is going to bombard us with.
69 Number of deaths per year by lawnmowers in USA. But muh Corona. 
First case of corona in Ireland just now, RTE says. Bet you thought Belfast was In Ireland...
ya corona virus at the hospital i go to 3x a week and i got like 3 auto immune diseases. this is sick.
People are seriously freaking out about the Corona virus. I've never seen Costco so busy. Even on black Friday or Christmas season. They're out of Kirkland cases of waters, toilet paper, meat in general and other things.... 
The Brazilian science that Bolsonaro wants to destroy has, in a matter of 48 hours, genome sequenced novel corona virus. This permits better tracking of the epidemic and could help develop a vaccine.  …
For every "" that @BarstoolMizzou tweets a Corona gets it virus
I dont know who needs to hear this but your package from china isnt going to have the corona virus. The virus cannot survive outside of the human body for very long so I'm 100% sure you're aliexpress haul isnt going to kill you
Let’s go watch the Simpsons , they probably gonna show us how this corona virus matter ends
Cut out the middle man – put the vaccine into bottles of Corona
Has anyone asked Gwyneth Paltrow what we need to stick in our vaginas to stop the Corona Virus?
Who else has noticed that every Election Year seems to have a Disease??? SARS - 2004 AVIAN - 2008 SWINE - 2010 MERS - 2012 EBOLA - 2014 ZIKA - 2016 EBOLA - 2018 CORONA - 2020 Coincidence?
So Coca Cola stocks have risen and Corona’s have dropped . You can’t make this stuff up!  …
With the corona driven washing your hands memes going around, I cannot tell you how many times I’ve been at a restaurant and seen dudes walk out of the restroom without washing their hands and RETURN TO EAT.
The Iraqi health ministry had to clarify that getting high on the Syrian rue plant does not constitute treatment from #VIRUS_CORONA 
“i ain’t eating no Chinese food and definitely not drinking no damn Corona” 
I don’t know why you guys are scared of this corona virus. Have y’all forgotten that China products don’t last?? #CoronavirusInNigeria
Walking the streets in a Swedish town, I share some thoughts on history, and leadership in times of crisis. While writing, the first death in America of this ‘Democratic Hoax’ was reported. #alexnote #COVID #corona #virus #health #art #leadership #Coronavirus 
STOP Spreading Hysteria Tehran Nancy! Corona virus is nothing new. They have been working on this and other viruses for years. The Human Corona Virus is listed on the back of a Lysol can along with other viruses. Knowledge is Power when you don’t blindly follow Politicians & MSM
But you don’t have an issue with Bloomberg cynically taking advantage of ppls fears by buying air time to “daddy’s here” us about the corona virus? Basically preempting everyone’s hard work rallying in states with big money?
Well that's misleading. It's extremely hot here in Australia currently yet still Corona virus is about.
Sign my petition to change Corona virus to the Thanos Virus.
what if Radiant Garden had festivals like how Corona has the lantern fest? I always imagine if there was a flower dance held when all the  into bloom again, or a water festival that folks boat out on the surrounding water of the city
As I wrote in @TheAtlantic yesterday, there's good reason to believe that most Americans explicitly denied a link between the beer and the virus. And the claim that 38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona *because of the coronavirus* is unambiguously false.  …
i’d catch corona for you
62 That’s the number of deaths in USA per year by bee stings. But muh Corona. 
Technically the Corona virus is the same as any other influenza (different than  cold) however because it is new, there is no immunity and no vaccination, that is the issue, that and the fact that people who might be struck the hardest by it have nowhere to go
This is a list also of things that are still open in Tokyo if you want to enjoy the city Corona Virus Tokyo Closures Due to (COVID-19 Tokyo Attraction Closures) - Best Living Japan - Tokyo Travel Guide  …
I’m calling it now. People will be dressed up the coronavirus for Halloween this year. A full body customer of the corona beer bottle with a hazardous sign around their neck. 
Just bought a case of Corona. This virus is expensive.
While the MSM has been waiting breathlessly for the first virus death in the USA, 3,425 people have been killed in car accidents per day worldwide. But muh Corona. 
The Johnson family celebrates the ease with which the media can be distracted. Sir Philip who? Corona what? 
Told my dog to stand guard in case corona virus tries to sneak down the hall while we are watching telly. 
Did you hear Trump try to minimize the FIRST US corona virus death in King County, saying she was a medically high risk patient in her late 50s, like that excuses this death. Newsflash -Medically, Trump is more high risk than her. #CoronaVirusUpdates
NEW: Foreign Sec Dominic Raab self-isolated earlier this week after feeling unwell but has tested negative for corona virus. He worked from home for one day and was back in the office the following day after the negative test.
This priest is like: “Yeah, Holy water is magic, but not like, you definetly won’t get the corona virus from it, magic”.
900 people have died from the corona virus, & the whole world is panicking. 150 million people have been killed  & one of America's two major parties is about to nominate one as their leader.
Some people in germany are very afraid of the corona virus and started buying as much stuff as possible. While getting some groceries today, along many people with full carts was this one guy. With about 80+ puddings, grinning like a mad man. He's my favourite. 
man said corona is shitty while having a coors in his avi u can’t make this up  …
I'd feel safer if the President of Corona Beer gave us the press conference about how it's going to save us from everything.
i don’t give a shit if that motherfucking corona gets to me but if  near my teta istg- 
Eating Thai, drinking Corona. 
THE ONLY FOO WHO CAN DEFEAT THE CORONA VIRUS 
The corona virus has radicalized Goop. It is now part of black block 
Hoping that everyone is doing well and Corona Free -I will be broadcasting tomorrow at 5pm pst the Pasadena Ritual House Investigation on YT!
I didn't watch trump today (the sight of him makes me sick). Did he still claim the corona-virus was a hoax?
bro first confirmed death in the United States due to the corona virus, good thing we live in America
Has Weird Al turned “My Sharona” into “My Corona” yet, and if not, should someone be checking on him?
the corona  out of Iran is another shocking catastrophe unfolding in real time on social media. I’m having a real hard time processing it.
Hand-washing: extremely effective against corona virus, less so against subconscious nocturnal guilt.
Me I just picked up a case of Corona Antivirus... 
the corona virus is only attacking the really old and the really young. so stan twitter? we gonna be ok. 
Switzerland shut down all gatherings over a 1,000 people after 2 people were found positive for corona virus. I’m missing ice hockey play offs but this is how it should be handled.
Who are dumber....the people who thought drinking a Corona beer would give them the Corona virus or Garth Brooks fans who thought he was wearing a Bernie Sanders Jersey? In either case those shouldn’t be able to vote, drive, drink or reproduce!
Hey everybody I'm really worried. I went to a bar this afternoon and ordered a Bud Light. My bartender accidentally gave me a Corona Light. I drink it before I realized what it was. Does that mean I'll get the coronavirus but not as bad?
“Which should be stopped, that deadly virus threatening humanity’s existence or that crazy Jew who wants to give you healthcare & education i/o spending trillions bombing innocent brown people so billionaires can  richer?” Corona is a virus. CNN is a brain-eating parasite. 
The death rate for those infected with the Corona virus is ______________per 100 people. (Please retweet.)
Who got corona virus I’ll pay you to sneeze on some bitch !
can’t think of anything more Western than stocking up on toilet paper in case your city is shut down due to corona. like is your water not working too?
[CORONA VIDEO] W-ash hands often. U-se mask properly. H-ave temperature checked regularly. A-viod large crowd. N-ever touch your face with unclean hands. #coronavirus #coronavirusinlagos @NCDCgov @FMICNigeria @Fmohnigeria @FMEnvng @Mr_JAGs @Ayourb @DOlusegun 
Oh do be quiet. Happy news would be a PM who visited the people who are flooded out of their homes and looked like he gave a s**t about the Corona Virus.
First Corona Virus death in the US just happened 20 mins from my house
History has proven that he tends to only convey 1/2 truths. Will a mask will help against Corona Virus? Nope! But neither does the Flu shot! You know what has helped me not have any respiratory illness??? 30% PG in my DIY eliquid! #Anecdotal  …
Corona virus is not a plague. The plague killed about half a billion people. The corona virus has killed 3000 in 2 months. More than 3000 are killed *every day* from car accidents. The worst case scenario for Corona is 50 million death.
Don’t worry Quarantine isn’t that bad I’ve been under quarantine for two an a half years You get used to it Matt Lauer, NBC News #trump #Quarantine #corona #2019nCoV @GaryKaltbaum @DiMartinoBooth @DiMartinoBooth
Sales of Corona Beer have fallen 40% since the outbreak of Coronavirus. The only way we could be dumber as a species is if.......nope. I've got nothing.
Liverpool were busy guarding against the corona virus... But Sarrs sneaking in to take away their unbeaten run 
Good evening Spartans in Nigeria Evening my Nigerian love @Official_CeeC am praying for the Relaunch of Cegar 2mrw am praying against the Spread of Corona Virus I love you guys all stay safe u are in my thots&prayers we can't lose any of U, U special to us stay safe #TeamCeeC 
MORONS: 38% OF AMERICANS REFUSE TO DRINK CORONA BEER DUE TO CORONAVIRUS  
How dumb does one have to be to NOT drink Corona beer because of this virus? It’s actually a thing. FFS... #Trump2020
38% of Americans are afraid to drink Corona beer, yet Trump believes his people will understand the nuance that the "hoax" isn't the coronavirus, but the way the Democrats talk about the coronavirus.
Reached the crossing point now in #Nicosia after six hours in the queue to cross from south to north. They don’t check fever #but just note down to ID number. How is this helping with fight against #corona virus? @EU_Commission @UN_CYPRUS #Cyprus
A Chinese man infected with corona virus hand shaked with radical Abdul. Corona virus died
1. Watford Beats Liverpool. 2. Atletico Madrid eliminates Liverpool from the UCL 3. English FA Cancels all sporting activities due to the Corona Virus outbreak.
And More people have died in America from corona than the women you were able to satisfy in bed
Trump did not call the corona virus "a hoax". I wish the media wasn't so chock full of liars. You guys are treasonous levels of bullshit. Total pond scum. h/t to @AsheSchow (and others) for getting this  …
OI MFKAS HOW MANY VIEWS YALL THINK A 5 EPISODE HOSPITAL SERIES + STREAMS WOULD GET IF I WENT AND GOT CORONA VIRUS FUCK YOU MEAN WE LEFT THE VIEWS IN WUHAN
Corona outchea exposing crappy leaders.
#Corona vs the regime!  
My take on Corona The American people have now seen the impact of out sourcing our manufacturing capabilities. Now POTUS has much more leverage to bring it back. Hey Obama we should name this magic wand MUH CORONA
@jkenney hey what’s our plan of attack on the Corona Virus, specifically in rural areas. How are we co-ord with the feds #UCP #ableg #AHS #Nurses #ABdocs4patients
gonna do a jackass stunt where i just get corona and then skateboard into a river. then johnny k will love me
If I were The Man.... *new column with no lotto and minimal corona virus content  …
Just so everyone's clear we are at 68 confirmed Corona cases and 1 death... not 22 #coronavirusus #Coronavirustruth 
What Corona virus quarantine in Iran looks like lmao 
Shaheen Bagh is the Corona virus of India . . . I was just thinking so thought of sharing Btw Shaheen Bagh ka kya khbr h?
Trump using the corona virus press conference to attack the Fed cause he wants interests rates even lower to make him look better to his money folks. This is so off the rails. Lord... focus on getting pharmaceutical prices low for the American People. Now THAT would be relevant
Liverpool were worried about the corona virus when the real threat was Sarrs
BREAKING NEWS The  reporting highest numbers of suspected Corona virus patients currently being monitored are also sanctuary cities and states strongly suggesting open border policies of those locals are seriously endangering American lives ... #COVID19
lets take our last kiss before corona kill’s us  …
#TrumpDementia #Presidementia (2) Coronavirus 2/29 Presser: Trump takes over the podium, doubles down on "hoax," blaming Democrats, lumps Corona with Russia-Russia-Russia & impeachment. He can't resist being center of attention. Minimizes virus threat. (More ->)
After this, Corona sahn go enter UK make them cancel all sporting activities then the title too go faa them.
Trump considering closing the Southern border. A new justification for the wall: all those "bad hombres" drink Corona all day long and they gotta be kept out of the USA!
Over at DISRN there’s a summary of the APJ effort to answer whether and how the Corona epidemic is God’s judgment.  …
Liverpool were worried about the corona virus when the real threat was Sarrs
Today at campus I saw I group of Asians and boom I had to get off their way, and my mind telling MI these guys have escaped corona virus now flooding our country,, who knows some carried it in their bags
So if U increase the prices of Face masks and Sanitizers to the point that the poor can't afford it and corona virus finishes us like Watford has done to Liverpool....Sebi you will be alive to spend the money,sebi?
There are more corona cases in America than Mexico
Can we just have all schools and institutions go on break for now, Imagine just one single Corona virus patient find his or her way into a School like Unilag or Yabatech Have you seen what Hostels and Class room population looks like #coronavirusinlagos
During this corona virus presser, the MSM and #FakeNews Cable News Channels are outdoing themselves in proving to the American people just how dirty effing rotten they are. They hate America & they hate Americans. They are vile & disgusting, as well as soulless. . 
I know dumbass liberals and Trump Haters want to blame Trump for the Corona Virus. Here’s the Truth 1. It did  from a bat 2. It stopped the protest 3. The only politicians to blame are those that made China the manufacture of everything 
If I hear one more reporter ask President Trump why he said the Corona virus is a hoax I’m going to scream!!! He never said the Corona virus is a hoax. The A hole Dems are using this to stir sh*t up and that’s a hoax. It’s so infuriating!!! #coronavirus #FakeNewsMedia
Where are the Karens?! Have you bought enough fake science from @goop and @GwynethPaltrow ? The corona virus  to get you! 
Question you won't hear in media or from Dems/Republicans: what are Trump or health officials doing to protect the people of Flint (and many  that have been poisoned) from Corona Virus? Through no fault of their own, their immune systems have been shattered
The only survivors of the corona virus pandemic will be the two groups in society who never go outside: Gamers and depressed women . Together they will have to repopulate the earth.
To those worried about Corona: Wash. Your. Goddamn. Hands. Touch a wall? Wash your hands. Go to the bathroom? Wash your goddamn hands. It is basic hygiene & since our current state of the US doesn’t allow time off/medical unless you have a GOOD employer, it’s all we can do.
All you need to know about capitalism is that America’s biggest concern with corona virus is how it’s affecting the markets.
This is a Corona loss
It’s funny how one week the media gives credit to Obama for Trumps economy. Next week the corona virus has stocks dropping and suddenly it’s Trumps economy crashing. Guess it’s Trumps when things look bad only. 
Las Las, Corona too go happen make them cancel the league. 
Irresponsible Act by President Erdogan of Turkey!Opening up borders to allow unfettered mass migration during this time of Pandemic Corona Virus Outbreak worldwide.Will Erdogan screen these migrants for the COVID19 rather than propagate potential NO!  …
Seriously, tho: I'm sure Mike Pence and Mother will pray away that no good corona virus just like they did with Mike's late night Grindr habit. #PencePandemic #PenceUnqualified #PenceVirus 
Chest CT is 97% sensitive for #COVID19 #corona showing: peripheral-predominant ground glass opacities w/wo crazy-paving, multifocal consolidation & architectural distortion. Upper & lower lungs.  #radiology #RadRes #FOAMMed #MedTwitter
Frankly, now that the US got its deal and the process is moving into the intra-Afghan dialogue phase, this seems wholly unnecessary. Not to mention, a spectacle like this seems like a bad idea when POTUS should be focusing all his domestic efforts on tackling the corona virus.  …
So don't spread panic? But immigrants are rapists, the wall will keep the criminals out, and caravans  crashing down to kill us all while democrats are in cahoots with Ukraine and corona virus is a hoax? Alrighty!
The situation in #Iran is very dangerous. Now the work of the Iranian parliament has been suspended due to the spread of the #Coronavirus among members of Parliament .. With all this and the government covering up the accurate statistics on the spread of the Corona virus in Iran.  …
38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer "under any circumstances" because of the coronavirus outbreak, according to a recent @5W_PR survey. PSA: the two are not 
Pakistani Govt has decided to close #Pak-Afghan border for 7 days following imminent threats of #Coronavirus in #Balochistan. Roughly 10000 people daily crosses the Pak-Afghan friendship gate. The #Pak-Iran border has already been closed since last 9days as Iran in grip of Corona
Liverpool were worried about the corona virus when the real threat was Sarrs
If Corona beer sales go down, it will be a singular achievement in our nation's illustrious history of abject stupidity.
The Corona Virus for hit Anfield soon. Kwasia team sei....
The Corona virus aimed to destabilize China and its allies. We, Africans, we are mostly buyers and contractors with China. We buy goods from China, China is working on many development projects in Africa. The effects are direct on us, more than any other allies of China.
Dear @POTUS @realDonaldTrump you said before this corona virus was a hoax, now today, you are changing your story-----as you always do. You gaslight the nation with total BS, then spout out multiple versions. No one with any damn sense believes anything you or this WH says.
Now they have the Corona Virus, which is SPREAD by feces. Nancy Pelosi has a LOT of EXPLAINING to do.  up 35 percent in SF  …
I imagine a few big politicians and/or celebrities will be contracting Corona Virus within the next 2 weeks. The show must go on!
UPDATE: President Trump announces first American death from Corona Virus. We're struck by his demeanor, his most  delivery of the news. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your humanity, your leadership, your concern and love for your country and 
18,000 have died from the flu in the U.S. It's far more deadly than the #coronavirus. One high risk patient has died from Corona Virus in US. Trump cancelled Asian summit next month in safety measures. We're the number one travel destination in the world. Travel ban in place.  …
So going on a trip with 27 students can cause corona but staying in a closed room with them wont???????  …
That 38% corona survey was immediately obvious as trash  …
Ten minutes into this press conference and it’s a disaster. #corona
38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer "under any circumstances" because of the outbreak, and another 14% said they wouldn't order a Corona in public.  …
Nancy Pelosi has done NOTHING to control the human waste incidents in her district, which increased 500% from 2011-2018. And it's MUCH WORSE now! Public poop is one way to spread the CORONA VIRUS, but she has the temerity to criticize our PRESIDENT? 
Trump said 22 people in the U.S. have the corona virus and 1 has died
School kids from Nigeria seen chanting " Corona Virus go back to China." 
"The Corona Virus has officially hit Oregon. More specifically Lake Oswego...Make sure y’all washing y’all hands with soap for 20 or more seconds & covering ya mouths when you cough. I am officially taking a break from signing autographs until further notice. Sincerely, CJ" 
Hey  Bernie Sanders to the Corona virus is suuuuper antisemitic, just FYI
Maybe I'm missing something but 74 deaths from the flu in Washington state in 2019-2020 flu season is not a story but one death from corona virus in Washington state is a panic.  …  
Liberalism: Drum up fake fear over a virus, just like they did with Ebola. Bill Maher- "Trump will declare martial law over Corona virus." Seriously... WHAT?? It's all FAKE NEWS!  …
In 1987, sales of Corona were dropping because of a rumor that Mexican brewers were peeing in the beer before shipping them to the U.S. market. Against the odds, Corona was able to trace the rumor back to its source... a Heineken distributor.
The Corona Virus is spread by fecal matter. And Nancy Pelosi's district is covered in it. FLASHBACK: San Francisco's public-poop problem is worse than ever - Business Insider  …
P.S. Get Over The Corona Virus Fear Already! Yeah, It’s A Virus, Yes Sadly Ppl Died & Are Dying, But Trust Ur God Above & Ur President @realDonaldTrump He Placed In The White House 2 Lead&Fight4U! Salute God Bless & Remember Satan Is All About Fear! Not Our God #WWG1WGA 
LA next week and if I end up contracting the corona virus, you best know I’m suing the fuck outta everyone responsible once I’m dead
THIS IS NOT NORMAL!! Steven Miller's new wife is in charge of of approving all Corona   …
1 bigger secret fear around Corona Virus is that imagine this was a WAR Corona would be like airstrikes that weaken the enemy on their home battlefield before the ground troops are sent in to finish the job That’s one real concern right now for people planning the next 10 yrs!
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
The Corona Virus won’t last long because it was made in China
Look away. Bonking Boris is not the story. The story is the fate of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, suspected of contracting Corona virus in an Iranian jail, has been let down by Johnson.
GRABBER IS ABOUT TO COME ON FOR A WH PRESS CONFERENCE ON THE VIRUS. WE NEED JUST ONE JOURNALIST TO ASK HIM IF HE STILL THINKS THE CORONA VIRUS IS STILL A HOAX AFTER A DEATH IN WASHINGTON. JUST ONE.
I dont think it is any coincidence the two places Corona Virus is hitting the most are Seattle and San Francisco. Two cities known for its thousands of homeless, needles, and feces.  …
So @McDonalds is encouraging everyone to order food - via touch screen - that they eat with their hands... #corona #mccorona Suggestion for CMO @MorgsF: offer knives and forks and purell + have employees disinfect screens as they do tables. Share so she 
Fox News interviewing some boomer from the cruise with corona who’s been quarantined for weeks saying “Ya I got a bit of a fever but it’s no big deal. 6 of us are dead. But the flu kills thousands every year so everyone should relax and buy stocks.” Boomers, tbh, are chads.
I'm no expert, but I'm pretty sure it's Corona beer  from Mexico, not coronavirus.  …
2016 to present--FAILURES Russia Russia Russia Mueller Mueller Mueller Witch Hunt Witch Hunt Ukraine Ukraine Ukraine Impeach Impeach Impeach Corona Corona Corona They are predictable, tedious and obnoxious.
CORONA virus... sWINE flu... what if it’s all a scam created by Big Whiskey to kill  What’s next, chamPAIN
The Corona Virus is the BIGGEST HOAX the world has seen since I founded Trump University! #MAGA
But  from Mexico.  
Dear God, Whatever this Corona Virus is, please spare #Malawi. Amen.
Why the News of Muslims killing of India Lost in the #Corona news ?! Don't Muslims have the right to live on this vast earth? Or are they not human? 
“Corona beer does not cause coronavirus”  …
#Coronaviruses use a “spike” protein to bind to a host’s cells. This protein gives the virus a crown-like appearance, which is where it gets the “corona” in its name.  …
Mexico should consider closing the border first - more likely to catch Corona from the US, than vice versa.
Ministers of this other country are active on social media. Post lots of pictures but delivery is close to zero. Pics with IMF, at Stadiums at Hospitals but ask what they have achieved. CAF not happy, IMF says country is off course. Corona virus scares doctors 
DO NOT get your information from the White House on Corona Virus. Get your information from: the WHO the CDC medical experts from around the world medical experts in your state
In addition, @JoeBiden is the best one to fight the Corona virus bc he can get international cooperation to end this epidemic, even from China. #Biden2020  …
What’s happening to the sales of Corona beer right now is tracking pretty closely with what happened to the sales of Ebola Ale
I want to change my handle name to Corona virus Hope y'all won't unfollow me?
So corona virus will pack her loads and return back to China after watching this, right? 
We need plans not panic, calm, not conspiracies: Department of Health confirms first coronavirus death in Washington state #corona  …
If all these countries were equally under the threat of corona virus, which one would you rather be in to protect yourself and your family?
ARMY : Other Fandoms : Donating 250 k $Hating on ARMY To fight corona Reporting their After concert in Videos & fighting Seoul is cancelled For no reason 
The first known confirmed American corona virus death from the Democratic Hoax machine. Still not a big deal? Still funny, Captain Crazy Pants?  …
Do we know where the anti vaxxers are positioning themselves re a corona virus vaccine search? I’m afraid to look.
BREAKING: First Corona virus death in Washington State. Still think this is a hoax @realDonaldTrump
If there’s Corona in my gym then f it...I’m getting Corona
Trying to understand what a corona-virus 
Craziest conspiracy theories you’ve heard so about the Corona-virus. Ready go.
Corona virus testing is the best way to prevent it's spread. South Korea has drive through virus testing: Did 30,000 last week So far, Ontario Canada did 639. The entire U.S. did 445. Trump said Wednesday, " We are testing everyone we need to test."
My Uber was asking me if I was afraid of him cuz so many passengers have asked if he’s from China or if he has the corona virus... Y’all r sick & I know y’all wouldn’t b treating folxs like this if they were European We had a good talk on racism & orientalism tho(he’s Chinese
WARNING! Latest update on the Corona virus is it can be passed on £20 notes , so as I’m so helpful please put all twenties in an envelope and I will collect and dispose of them safely I’m offering this service free of charge cos I’m such a nice bloke .
I fight off corona 
j getting in early before the corps start making relatable corona content
Corona Virus deaths in mainland China sky rocket to .00021% roughly the same odds as getting hit by an asteroid while winning the lottery
BREAKING NEWS: At the age of 65, our beloved Actor Jackie Chan has passed on a message on Corona Virus while enjoying his life at home. 
Corona virus will spread irreversibly soon. D main way to get infected is thru money bills. Collect all ur notes with gloves and place them in a sealed envelope outside your door. 2morow morning I'll arrive to collect d envelopes. I do it for public health. No need to thank me
Why isn’t anyone discussing Illegal Chinese  to the US via the Mexico Border? Mexico has only 2 cases of Corona virus w so many  in. What r we doing to stop this? Shut down the border & protect Americans from this virus taking over 
Who is stupider, the “38% of Americans that wouldn’t buy Corona beer ‘under any circumstances’ because of the coronavirus” that on Friday morning, CNN tweeted about, or Trump's evangelical supporters who believe Trump when he says that the virus is "a new Democratic Party hoax"?
#EXO #LayZhang @weareoneEXO @layzhang EXO Lay A Meaningful Donation of 20M Won to Corona 19 "We are one" Lay made a meaningful contribution to help Korea and donated 20M won to Hope Bridge National Disaster Relief Association. Lay said "We are brothers, we are one” 
Washington reports first corona virus death #BREAKING
If being ugly is a disease, than I am Corona Virus.
If you survive Corona just know you're a main character
Final word. For all of those FEARful of Corona.... 1) Take a day or two to prepare for the end. 2) Get off social media and TV... the only time you have left should be spent with FAMILY, in PRAYER and with GOD. For everyone else... PRAY for clear sight, reason and FAITH. 
Trump supporters cheered when he called the Corona virus a hoax last night. I have to infer that they believe it and will therefore not take any precautions. I'm avoiding Trump supporters like the plague now. Seriously, I won't deal with deadly disease b/c they follow an idiot.
So Ayatollah Shobeiri Zanjani’s grandson has confirmed that he is corona positive and under treatment at home. The ayatollah already lost his sister and his nephew to #Coronavirus. (I just don’t know why some people were strongly denying it!!!!  …
Just a thought. If a million people died overnight in Canada from the corona virus and the only vaccine we had available was on a CN train would Trudeau remove the blockade? I say no. Am I wrong? P.S. I hate Trudeau.
The Communist Left Believes That The Corona Virus Is President Trump's Fault & Along With Their Mouthpiece The Communist Media Are Trying To Create A False Narrative That In Their Minds Will Cause Trump To Lose The 2020 Elections..WHAT SAY YOU?..I'll Post Your Responses..Retwitt!
Corona virus is the new y2k
Ebola didn’t get me, corona wouldn’t.
Please, no more stories about corona positive patients who don't give a damn that people around them are dying from the virus bc they feel OK.
Seems a new deadly virus is released every American election cycle. SARS ———2004 AVIAN———2008 SWINE———2010 MERS———-2012 EBOLA———2014 ZIKA————2016 EBOLA———2018 CORONA——2020 Coincidences? NEVER
i’m risking it all in the name of research!! I’ll take 1 corona virus and 1 lyme disease please  
#Hyelin IG Update ••• “Being a homebody is fun. I want to go out Watch out for corona” 
FACT: 66 cases of corona in US, 0 Deaths
lol she’s drunk. corona who!!!??? 
y’all can give me your corona if you are too scared to drink it  …
38% of people think  from Corona beer so maybe don’t put too much stock into what “some people” think
Corona virus threatens the whole world. Shouldn't the world think of measures to eradicate it? WHO has no idea about the disease ?? 
When you find out Corona Light doesn’t give you the Coronvirus 
The Corona beer/Coronavirus joke is what will kill us, not the actual virus itself
No, people aren’t actually confusing Corona beer with coronavirus — but some are concerned enough to stop drinking it. 
Those of you avoiding any Chinese food during the corona virus outbreak are dumb. I would call you stupid but I don’t want to confuse you with a two syllable word.
I heard from news that we should avoid hand shaking and hugging to prevent the spread of Corona virus. So fam stop texting me and as well. Let's not bring the virus on this Street
Better than the corona virus that we ate I’ll prepared for thanks to deranged Donnie. CA was sent 200 testing kits for $40 million people. The test kits sent to NYC were defective. Are you (GOP) winning yet??
So the corona beer folks have showed us why there are instructions on the shampoo bottle.
Come on Liverpool. Let’s wrap up this premier league championship tonight. They can bring world war three, corona virus or whatever else they want to.... Liverpool will be CHAMPIONS! #WATLIV #YNWA
Ok need one more ticket for corona Cox
Corona stopped yall from eating chinese food but aids ain't stop yall from fucking raw
Waiting for the  to pitch CBD as an anti-viral for the Corona Virus. Maybe delivered via infused mask? 
He called Nazis very fine people He called Black atheletes SOB's He called Hispanics Rapists He said Corona Virus is a Hoax All these talking points were pushed by Fake News and became mainstream because people nowadays are fkn stupid !
The @garthbrooks jerseygate2020, and Corona beer scare reminds me of when @JarsofClay was told by christians that we were bad for going “circular.” Humans...most angered and afraid by what we make up in our own minds. Deep breaths everyone.
Nobody: Draper moms trying to stop the corona virus 
Religious madness worse than Corona virus 
The Left wants open borders. Anyone, from anywhere, carrying any kind of disease, can just walk into this country. The corona virus then  the way of life.. along with other diseases. So WHY is this virus an outrage w/them when they support open borders? Makes no sense.
I think there are different forms of corona virus. The question is what form did they catch
We Pakistanis need to grow up, corona virus is no joke y’all make memes out of everything! This is something serious, may Allah keep all of us safe. Ameen.
These are two spectacular reflection nebulae are in the constellation Corona Australis. They are the result of a few very bright stars in a large, dusty cloud. This area is 500 light years from Earth RT 
Now-a-days in whatsapp group: Corona virus k tootky
Corona detected @Mr__VAR 
Up next: Corona Beer Fest is now cancelled
The era of coronavirus greeting #coronavirus #Corona 
So psyched that President Pandemic is ordering supplies and different elements of medical. Feeling really safe and super secure this afternoon. Corona what? I thought so.
My daughter, an art major, was having the time of her life, spending a semester abroad in Florence. The schools are bringing all of their students home. The corona virus is no hoax. Those two words should never be uttered in the same sentence.
It is always about @realDonaldTrump. @POTUS just visited India? Where was Corona? Was anyone FEARful of a Corona threat? @POTUS is resetting global trade with India. And now US "Intelligence" agencies say Corona threatens India? [Worst Case Scenario]  …
Corona virus is crazy. Stay safe guys. Wear your mask and gloves and report cases to the appropriate authorities not your Pastor! #mamatobi 
The Corona Virus has officially hit Oregon. More specifically Lake Oswego...Make sure y’all washing y’all hands with soap for 20 or more seconds & covering ya mouths when you cough. I am officially taking a break from signing autographs until further notice. Sincerely, CJ
I just thought of a genius way to cure the corona virus 
>first "community-acquired" coronavirus cases are anywhere other than Atlanta, Los Angeles, Chicago, DFW, or New York City Yeah, that's gonna be a "no" from me. How thoughtful of "corona-chan" to skip over the largest travel hubs in the country.
In other countries, if they suspect you have the corona-virus, you are tested and quarantined. It's my understanding, under trump, you have to agree to pay $3,000 to be tested. Whose system do you like better?  …
Let's pray that Kim Jong himself catches Corona Virus . Only Divine Intervention can liberate Koreans from his tyranny.  …
Hi...I’m Bernie Sanders. We will build a giant can of Lysol and shoot it into space. From there it will spray the whole planet killing the corona virus. Now this will cost billions, so I am going to raise the minimum wage to 18.00 an hour and raise everyone’s taxes 125%.
Amir khan is concerned about corona virus outbreak which appreciable, but i want to remind him that his fellow muslims in Delhi are being killed, mosques are being vandalised, graveyards have been destroyed, dude speak for them too, they're also human beings, no one deserves this  …
Both of my local CVS stores were out of hand sanitizer. The corona virus is no joke man
Fed balance sheet will grow to at least 20 Trillion. US govt will spend like crazy, expect UBI, MMT.. Nothing is off the table. This is the beginning of the end game Corona is an accelerant. got #Bitcoin
Fascism has spread faster and killed more people than corona virus.
If you ever drank out of the Kilgore Drinking fountain you are immune to the Corona Virus
#Iran coronavirus Saturday 5 parliament members infected out of 100 tested. 1 MP from Gilan died, officials says from flu & others say it was corona. Former justice minister Pourmohamadi- ordered mass executions of dissidents in 1980s- is infected & in hospital.
One minute you are in ring road Benin City, the next minute your photo is trending all over Obasanjo's Internet as patient zero for corona virus who is holding the government to ransom for 100mill
If corona virus really explodes, we're going to have to be ready for a massive response to jails and prisons. They will both: A) fail to protect imprisoned people by letting the disease spread and withholding medical care, AND B) weaponize quarantine as solitary
Rob is fu**king not honest, is this the corona shit everyone is talking about?
If you are an adult aged 21 to 85 who is concerned Corona beer will give you #coronavirus, we’d like to hear from you. Call  …
GDC is postponed because of Corona virus.. It feels that it would make sense now to think about “Virtual GDC” and similar events also made in VR to give chance everyone around the world to attend, meet friends and see news in our industry even in tough times or with little budget
New talking point. The FEAR Porn of Corona is not working. People are awake. The [DS] Cabal is now shifting the narrative. "Worst case scenario." Lead the mind to the conclusion, let the mind create its own horror movie. [Zombie Apocalypse]  …
Who is stupider the-- the “38% of Americans that wouldn’t buy Corona beer ‘under any circumstances’ because of the coronavirus” that on Friday morning, CNN tweeted about or Trump's evangelical supporters who believe Trump when he says the virus is "a new Democratic Party hoax"?
The last time #nufc scored, the UK was in the European Union and no-one had ever heard of the corona virus.
Let the republican senators up for re-election know what you think about trump and them saying the corona-virus is a hoax. Here is a list with their email links  …
**CORONA VIRUS UPDATE - CASE REPORTED IN HERTS** A case of covid-19 has been diagnosed in Hertfordshire. Herts MPs have received a briefing from the director of public health and public health england. The briefing is below. #coronavirus 
USA tested only 450 people for corona-virus. Test costs $3,000. trump/GOP may want to save money for another tax cuts for the wealthy. The deficit is already $1.1 TRILLION/yr caused by trump/republicans tax cuts for billionaires. They say why spend on the corona-virus hoax  …
Sonko either has the cure for corona virus or very incriminating recording of someone very senior in government, otherwise nothing else makes sense right now. My advice for the MCA’s it’s him or you... Men like Sonko  after each and everyone of you! He won’t let it go!  …
When the Corona virus hits the refugees in our concentration camps, medicines are withheld and mass death happens, we've  guilt of genocide.
This sort of silliness is just what killed Polio Pale Ale and Bubonic Bourbon... but seriously...it’s probably just about the priceAmericans are avoiding Corona beer amid coronavirus outbreak, survey finds  …
Wow if I don’t think like you I’m stupid? 62 cases of Corona virus 0 deaths is a crisis for you worth a $6billion shakedown, but from you people about the 8,200 flu deaths in the US this year? Why would folks vote for a politician who calls them stupid for believing the truth?  …
I've seen this twittering, and gosh isn't it convenient for the Dems??? Every election year has a virus. SARS......2004 AVIAN....2008 SWINE....2010 MERS......2012 EBOLA.....2014 ZIKA.........2016 EBOLA......2018 CORONA...2020 Coincidences? There are none.
Trump said “this is their new hoax” referring to Dems & Corona Virus. Not only did Trump call Corona Virus a Dem hoax in his South Carolina rally, HE DID SO WHILE 11 CASES WERE ANNOUNCED IN SAN ANTONIO; ALONG WITH CASES IN WA & OR. Repubs ONLY care about protecting their POTUS!
Nilesh Shah and his thoughts about Corona virus impact:- 
He called the Corona Virus a Hoax is the new He called Nazis Very fine people Hoax. Same Sh*t, Different day. It's what leftists do. Lie, Lie, Lie.
Want your daily corona virus updates? @chrismartenson and @menlobear put out fantastic daily synopses. Chris is the only guy I know with expertise in pathology and markets. Here is  …
> worrisome signs from #Iran on Corona: • Evin prison one of most crowded and notorious (15K capacity) • Official Estimates disputed • All cases in Iraq, Lebanon, Bahrain, Kuwait from Iran • Deaths reported among young & old • restriction to Iraq &LB hard to implement
Want to know why I am taking Corona virus so seriously? I got the Swine flu in 2009/2010 and got seriously ill with pneumonia. It was not fun. Corona virus seems to be even more infectious and more deadly than swine flu.
Coronaviruses are not new. Remember SARS and MERS? Some infect humans and some infect animals. SARS, MERS and COVID-19 were originally animal corona viruses that evolved and began infected humans.
Brexiter Terry from Southampton called James O'Brian at LBC to say all big gathering must be cancelled due to the Corona virus.(Upset at Brighton demo) When J.OB replied, West Ham v Southampton match should also be cancelled. Terry got upset & agitated, "but.....its football"
FINAL RESULTS. 99% believe Beavis and Butthead are better suited to address corona-virus than trump/Pence  …
 to lebanon, where even the store mannequins are afraid of getting corona 
NO CORONA? A new survey says 38% of beer-drinking Americans would not buy Corona under any circumstances amid the #coronavirus outbreak — with 16% confused about whether Corona beer is related to the virus. 
Here is @cnn's @smerconish casually linking Corona Virus and @BernieSanders in the same sentence. 
I understand that Russia, North Korea and USA (according to trump) have been spared by God from the corona-virus. Do you think God loves Kim, Putin and trump/Pence. Or could it be they are lying?
26 cities have been affected by Corona Virus. Saudi is in deep trouble. Plz be safe evry1. Dont go outside much. Plz every1 pray for this cities so that Corona Virus doesn't spread & they recover quickly. It's tym to stay united by prayng fr our nearby countries & nations.
Some stats showing the impact of Corona - 92% decline in vehicle sales in China - 200,000 Chinese flights cancelled - $1 trillion potential loss in global output - 40% drop in average coal consumption for major Chinese  
NOT TODAY CORONA VIRUS! 
I have friends at the #CDC... The #Trump administration placed a gag order on their employees last week regarding #Corona...right before the markets plummeted. Someone knew something... someone wanted to reposition their billions... any guesses who?
#MikePence If Corona virus is a hoax like your sociopathic boss says,why is it necessary,as you have said,to”bring the full resources of the Federal government to bear!”I don’t believe anything that anyone says about anything anymore. We sure need a cure...to get rid of you guys!
People in Paris are like, coronavirus? Ah, no. We do not have le corona. Would you like a bordeaux
We should expect toughestsanctions against Commissar Lamb's puppet gov't officials & @hkpoliceforce human rights violators b/c of her arrest of Jimmy Lai. I said b4 I would send this sacrificial Lamb 2 1 of Xinjiang concentration camps 2 be re-educated if I were Emperor Corona.  …
If they put the regular flu on that chart - you wouldn't be able to see the others - it would be 1,000 times higher. You  corona with ebola. 
Because of the coronavirus, 38% of beer-drinking Americans now say they won't buy Corona beer.  lost $170M in the first quarter. 
Whether Nazanin Zaghari Ratclifee has or has not contracted the corona virus, it still needs to be asked why, considering it was the PM when he was foreign secretary who contributed to her sentence, the British government has done so little to help her.  …
If you are speaking at a political rally, and you falsely accuse a certain group of politicizing Corona virus, aren't YOU politicizing Corona virus?
I'm increasing my Corona consumption to build up a resistance... I'm adding lime to help prevent lyme disease.
There is no point in starting a panic over the Corona virus, but upping hygiene standards everywhere (washing your hands more often, coughing into tissues, etc) is  sense and protects us all.
Do you think it's nutty to charge patients $3,000 for the corona-virus test?
Wait until they hear about the solar corona. They’re gonna wanna live underground.  …
Checking #BillionDollarLoser @realDonaldTrump on today's purchasing of elements of medical * tables of periodic check ( @VP vetoed because, ya know, periods) * charts of hazmat * scopes of steths * masks of face * bag of bodies ( @VP vetoed, there is no Corona virus)
Is it really true that 38 percent of Americans will not drink Corona "because of the coronavirus," as news outlets claimed? @declanpgarvey did some reporting  …
second person in your taglist is corona virus
Corona Virus kills 2%? 100 million =2 million dead? What in hell is in Trumps head Blaming Virus on the Dems Want to see how he takes care Of so few Does Trump see US as all as He sees Puerto Ricans 2 All Americans just like Me and U Tough times  For all but a few 
38% hmmm. Isn’t that the same percentage of Americans that support Trump? Corona means “crown”, people. That’s all it means. Corona Beer is fine. The Novel Corona Virus #COVID19 microscopicly has a spiked crown effect, thus the name.  
If you drank out of this as a kid, you’re immune to the corona virus 
Mr Lieu...…..Please do not refer to me as stupid. IF I were to refer to you as such I would be suspended on twitter. Please check your own county records to see the public health dept in Santa Clara County isn't reporting or tracking the data on corona.
Wife  Fresh Direct order): I don’t understand why Corona isn’t on sale. If Americans are going to be this stupid then the intelligent people should benefit.
The novel disease, corona virus has been officially named, allegedly predicted about,now instantly spreading death, fear, and perhaps cleanliness to the wrld. What has corona virus got on us? #coronavirusinlagos #COVID19Nigeria #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak
Corona = Crown. This is "royalty's way out" These people are SICK  …
Once we create a vaccine we can control the virus... Anti-vaxxer: Hold my Corona.
“The only beer we’re selling is Corona.” —Bartender in Tokyo on the significant increase in demand post-Coronavirus.
the news and tv channels need to pipe down with this corona virus. yes, it’s a very agressive virus and yes you can get it, but just because you’ve caught, doesn’t mean you’ll die. in denmark alone there is roughly 2500 deaths caused by a normal flu and cold or virus a year.
Trump is now calling the reaction to his underwhelming and unpresidential reaction to the Corona virus “a hoax”? Is that how far down the rabbit hole we’ve travelled? Where even our honest reactions can be considered dubious if they don’t help buttress his lies and buffoonery?
Bitter ang baklang mukhang nilamas na utot. No one loves you because of your stinky face & behavior! You, @ilda_talk & @MochaUson are same type of people whose toxicity kills what is right, decent, beautiful & even love of a daughter to a father! You are like corona virus  …
Just had a tweet how the Corona virus attacks the human respiratory system, so washing hands won't give immunity... No but it might you stop transmitting it from your hand to your respiratory system if you touched something contaminated... It is not that difficult
If someone ever shed the sentence "order out of chaos", then perhaps the Italian government was absent, that day. New frenzied, contradictory and even random measures flow by the hour from the Italian executive branch, in the corona virus saga.  …
If I had the corona virus I know exactly who I be sneezing on.
Eco fascism on the rise. Look out for takes that corona virus is good for the planet. Disgusting. Population reduction will not solve the climate crisis. 
Lol. Nice try but no hysterical Corona virus cigar. It is clear he's calling Democrat criticism and hysteria a hoax. You must be better with your lies. Make up your minds..too soon? Too late? Too much? Not enough? 
Todays Thought: The Corona virus has taught us 2 things. 1. The media is not a reliable source of information no matter the topic 2. Too many people are still too gullible & let the media put them into a frenzy  sense says otherwise Think for yourselves people!
So Corona no  Ilorin ?
A  asked 737 beer drinkers their opinions on the brand "Corona". 38% said they wouldn't buy Corona under any circumstances. The question asked did not account for people who never buy Corona anyway. It's a manufactured result to put their name back into the public.  …
Overheard: "On Fox News, Donald Jr. accused Democrats of saying that the Dems wished the Corona virus would infect millions of people. NOT TRUE. Just your father." (I am of course a Buddhist and wish no harm upon any sentient being, including those who are barely sentient.)
No joke, what’s the Republican cure for the corona virus? A tax cut.  …
Excellent report by @hopnotes. Someone should have told CNN, if a PR firm claims something bad about a rival of one of their former clients, check it out. Corona claps back at claims coronavirus scare will hurt sales  …
Is it "irrational" to be biased against purchasing Corona beer at the moment? For me it's not. Last thing I need is yet another reminder when I go to my fridge to get a beer of the effed up situation we are in. I'm thinking about it enough already.
Well that's stupid, but Corona tastes like piss anyways. Drink Heineken. This post was made by the Dutch gang.  …
I know there are jokes about the virus hurting beer sales @corona and whether that's true or not, blocking search engines from crawling the website since 2016 probably doesn't help things. 
Here’s a thing you can do to prep for Corona whatever: vote for the most progressive democratic candidates
I went to the doctor about the corona virus. He told me to go buy two cans of Lysol and call him in the morning.
If corona virus is as deadly as you say, Ms @AOC, why are you not rallying your Democratic colleagues to SUPPORT our President, Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence? In my opinion, YOU are responsible by thwarting their  …
Nah corona virus cause this one? Watch and retweet 
Guy: Dray, what's up? Who be Anon for Twitter? Me: I dey o. This Corona Virus ehn, God will protect us o Guy: Amen! Abeg help your guy with Anon handle now... I get one catfish account I go use correct money + Car Me: 
Difference between stupid and stupid: It is stupid to think Corona beer is somehow directly related to coronavirus It is stupid(er) to think not drinking Corona beer is insane  …
Now Pete is prepping for MUH CORONA!  …
Excellent thread about the 38% Corona beer story -- and how the media get baited. This happens ALL THE TIME in the serious research world, too. Some name-brand think-tanks and researchers play this game. Sniff test, people. Always.  …
trump supporters are so BLINDED BY HATE they can't see the danger he is putting us all in with his "corona-virus is a hoax" response. Wonder if their eyes will open when they see the death?
I wish for kyungsoo  his duty safely and keep his health since his base camp is among in the area of corona virus outbreak. be safe & let's meet at the day of your discharge!!!!!! #OurCorporalDoh #도경수_상병진급을_명받았습니다 
damn, abel really predicted the corona virus 
Corona virus looks like roses. Hmm. 
Paid sick days can help stop the spread of Corona virus because workers with symptoms will be able to seek medical assistance instead of being forced to go to work & risk spreading virus further. Decent work standards is a public health issue. #15andfairness #onpoli
The Corona virus is more similar to tobacco than climate change in that it personally affects people in a very concrete manner. The problem is that it will do so immediately, without the possibility of decades of time to react to the health hazards. 19/
Essentially, the corona virus issue is tracking the same political path/arc that the Climate Change has taken over the years: 1)A problem emerges that threatens Republican interests (big oil/big business).. 15/
Circling back to the Corona Virus…by politicizing the issue, the country is at risk of tribalization infecting/poisoning half the country’s belief/understanding of the severity of the danger, as well as exacerbating their distrust in science/medicine…13/  …
All those thermometers and sanitizer they are sharing around is just eye service...If that corona thing enters babcock, that's the end . . From caf, biometrics, the way we squeeze ourselves at BUSA, church, hall contact etc. There's no personal space in this school.
Stop spreading fake news oh #corona #coronavirusnigeria 
I am starting to favor Biden for one big reason. He has the experience in dealing with major disease outbreaks such as the 2014 Ebola outbreak. I think he is what we need to address the corona-virus. And he is best suited to deal with other countries. He knows all leaders.
This whole Garth Brooks wearing a Bernie Barry Sanders jersey uproar was so stupid beyond words to even begin to decipher until I also read that people aren’t buying Corona beer because they’re afraid of catching the Coronavirus and this all makes me so embarrassed to be a human.
316,000 LL fahes corona ? I’ll stick to googling my symptoms
Don't avoid me, I'm not corona
Windmills don’t cause cancer, you can’t change the path of a hurricane with a Sharpie, and the spread of the Corona Virus is NOT a “Democratic hoax.” If for no other reason than you believe science is real, for the love our God (and public health), PLEASE vote Democrat this year.
Why you don't rt my tweets, they are not corona virus.
Has anyone heard of layoffs because of corona-virus? The travel industry & airlines have lost business. But instead of addressing the issue, trump and the republicans are calling the corona-virus a hoax. Call your members of congress to get trump out.  …
I would’ve  of a bunch of news clips on the corona virus then a narrator going: “you see the signs, it’s corona time.” And boom someone pops open a nice refreshing bottle of corona beer 
I wont be surprised there is no case of corona virus in Nigeria. Imagine this #FakeNews #coronavirusinlagos #CornavirusOutbreak 
Good morning everyone—today is another great day with @realDonaldTrump at the wheel... So what news will we hear today? Trumps and racist? Or maybe he is sexist...or he is paid off by Russia? Or he is the mastermind behind the Corona Virus?? Let’s see how petty they are
i just cured the corona virus y'all   …
I don’t have Corona virus, man cries out after his picture went viral on social media 
DEAR AMERICANS:The Corona Virus is a Planned Psyop by the Globalists:Soros, CFR, Bilderbergs, Trilateral Comm, Bill Gates, Dems?etc: to cause panic, crash our Economy so Trump won't be re elected. Don't fall for it! This Corona V is not as deadly as the regular Flu.Psychopaths!
trump says the corona-virus is a hoax...trump is endangering us all...don't you think it's time to remove him from office? @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
Yooo Simpson’s really predict corona Virus too... 
BREAKING: Donald Trump has placed the CEO of Corona beer at the top of America's most wanted list. The President said: "This Mexican has placed the safety of science-denying Americans at risk by creating a corona pandemic which is highly dangerous, but also a leftie hoax."
shoot ur shot be4 we die Bc of corona
Alright Corona u've crossed the line  …
Corona who? 
Hi, Corona virus may affect all the stock markets. There is a possibility of a big correction. Are you prepared for the correction if it happens? What are the stocks you are planning to add? Is your buy list ready? Some stocks from my list for LT PF #BajFinance #Dmart #Abbott
If Corona virus was a person 
Every election year has a virus. SARS......2004 AVIAN....2008 SWINE....2010 MERS......2012 EBOLA.....2014 ZIKA.........2016 EBOLA......2018 CORONA...2020 Coincidences?
every time a pandemic sweeps the globe, a Corona gets its lime  …
Pelousy Politicizing the Corona virus while not even attempting to take care of your own district that is overrun with mounds of human feces. That is more disgusting, unsanitary and definitely A health risk. It’s cleaner in my horse stalls than the streets of San Francisco. 
Corona virus nti somebody cough around me a , the speed i dey take vanish from the place ee
Why is the world so upset that Africans aren’t dying from the Corona virus? It’s really making the girlies unravel lmfaooo  …
Tzuyu also donated 300k RMB (around 60 million won) through TZUYUbar to Warm Current in China to help in preventing the Corona Virus There was a delay in the donation news due to the different currency #TWICE #트와이스  
It’s shameful how much time the media is spending on this Corona virus. Watched every major network this morning and the panic they are spreading is disgusting. There are very few cases here and truthfully the overwhelming percentage of deaths around the globe are old people...
13....bottom line, the Trump Admin treats this as a PR problem. It's not. It's not time to panic, but it IS time to take precautions (hands, stay home when you can, etc). Corona might not explode. But our government is making things worse by lying. Get your info from @WHO. fin
I bet those folks who thought you got the novel coronavirus from Corona, also avoid novels.
Everything is a hoax against the Mad King, and his cult will not drink Corona beer because, you know, that's how you get infected.  …
I’m so happy that the Kurdistan government is taking the corona virus as serious as it is. They are really trying hard to prevent the disease from spreading. Sometimes we don’t appreciate our government that much, but as i can see it’s so much better than the neighbor countries.
Corona is doing what no other virus could til this day. It’s making face masks popular in the west
TZUYU donated 300,000¥ in China and 50 million won in Korea, to help prevent the spread of Corona Virus in both countries, the Most Beautiful Face being the Most Beautiful with Heart 
BULLETIN DINFORMATION CORONA VIRUS 
Iranian doctors and fear of Corona #COVID2019 
Due to the Corona virus respiratory pandemic all weed will now be in suppository form
Serie B is immune to corona virus
I'm avoiding crowds and definitely going to fly until better information is out there about the corona-virus. Are you doing anything different? What, if anything, are you doing differently to keep yourself and your family safe?
FYI—they are doing broad testing of the public in Asia for corona. Have you been tested? We have a failed test in America. It doesn’t even work. No one is being tested. Well, this is a test for our leadership. And our healthcare system. So far, we are failing.
They say Trump is the racist but who do the Democrats like? They hate America, the Flag, our guns, men democracy, liberty, and freedom They don't even want to put politics aside and help Trump with the Corona Virus They are wicked !!! 
Fascist Saudi denied entry due to Corona virus. Poor penguins arrived at airport for Umrah got stranded.. 
How concerned are you about the corona-virus? Comments 
#YouThoughtYouHadProblems I live in a country where stupid people who believe Corona beer causes the Coronavirus can vote. 
Wating corona no go cause, so I was on queue today to enter bus,for like one hour bus no gree show ,finally bus was approaching ,craze mode activated, naso one man just cough 4 times now said ah motin run temperature sha ,kon see as people day shift back lmao I weak .
Who says the Chinese aren't doing enough to fight corona virus?  …
I've heard the alcohol will help get rid of the corona virus. Headed to the liquor store later on today. I'm taking orders.
hey guys, i would like to talk about the viral coronavirus that has been taking over globally. the way japanese media treat the coronavirus is a little different to other countries. i would like to put together articles to reference how other countries are dealing with corona
The Corona Virus Has Affected Gbee Naabu's Brain And All His Tweets Proves That He Is Too Childish. #GodBlessTiti
But then you got on a cruise ship with the Corona virus #YouThoughtYouHadProblems
instead Corona vírus Will be the nail in the Chinese coffin DJT is aware of this FF US will seek trade elsewhere Fed will be forced to significantly reduce rates thus cheapening the $China Will  secluded it’s markets will crumble WE will prevail China will be destroyed  …
The Corona Virus has a strain linked to Male infertility. Interesting...
Lot of coverage about the Corona virus it’s a fact the thing everyone must do is 
Tzuyu donated ¥300k to China for the prevention of spreading the corona virus. I am so proud of her, real life angel indeed @JYPETWICE #TZUYU #쯔위 #ツウィ #周子瑜 #TWICE 
1.There are messages doing rounds on social media suggesting of a confirmed corona case at KNH.These are all FAKE&inciteful Fact is that there is NO positive case in the country this far.The public is requested to ignore such messages&is reassured that everything is under control
#Cypriots from both sides break the barricades placed by the Republic of Cyprus at crossing points along the island supposedly as a measure against #corona virus 
In other words Pocahontas is more Indian than having a chance of being ill from Corona virus? Unless it from a Corona bottle? #209acemaga45 #kag2020 @IFBP 100% #ΜΟΛΩΝΛΑΒΕ #TrumpN2020 
Do you think they will cancel the Euros now because of Corona?
Just in case you were distracted by the corona virus and missed this:  …
Interesting perspective from a corona virus patient who’s less freaked out about it than many people who don’t have it.  …
Corona virus on the weekend, like usual
It’s funny there was no scare of #COVID19 at the moment of  to join this protest. Just imagine, no media said there might a risk of Corona virus being spread at this event. What exactly are we hoping to achieve as humankind?  …
The Corona Vírus FF is China’s kamikaze move China knows DJT wants to destroy it In order to prevent reelection & the disclosure that the entire DNC is control by China selling US secrets China must destroy itself & it’s economy to take US with it Thus saving it  …
The information circulating on social media that there is a confirmed case of COVID 2019 Corona Virus is not true. Members of the public are advised to ignore the false alerts. @CeoKnh @HezekielGikambi
San Fran’s Dem Mayor Breed, must be racist Chinese are the largest ethnic group in SF w/ 21.4% of the pop SF hasn’t reported any cases of Corona, yet Breed declares state of emergency If Trump’s racist for implementing strict borders bc of Corona, than Breed is also racist
Remember the Pastor who said he went to deal with corona virus? Well, he's in critical condition 
Just a thought what if Corona virus non-symptomatic carriers attend Trump rallies? private meetings? If people everywhere cough at him and his crime Scamily? There is no rapid point of contact test. There is no vaccine, no rescue therapy. Nature can fix what the Senate broke.
So the President of the United States said last night the Corona virus is a hoax. Whew! Let’s find those bad perpetrators.
If we start reporting car accidents and deaths the way the Corona Virus is reported, people will stop using cars or run far away from them.
Probably won’t do much to ward off the corona virus either.  …
The best protection against the corona virus Picture by @Genz0Photo  #latexbed #rubberdoll #gasmask #gasmaskgirl #gasmaskfetish #rubberbed #rubberbedsheet #latexbedsheets #rubberbedsheets #latexpillow #latexpillows #latexroom #rubber #latex #rubber 
Nigerian girls sef, just heard one babe asking her man for “Corona season gift” When it’s not Christmas tori olohun
After corona virus breakout Me: Me: Guy: OG how far? Puff and pass the blunt Me:  …
The Swiss government have cancelled all events over 1000 capacity due to the Corona Virus! Tomorrow’s Zurich show will now take place in September, all tickets remain valid x 
How do I know Corona Virus is a DS FF? How can I prove it? These always write their stupid books & movies before hand detailing everything to a T Wreck of the Titan 1898 “predicted” sinking of Titanic in details These are not predictions they are blueprints #Qanon 
People powered campaign pleads with all Iranians to *stay home* to stay safe, keep others safe from Corona Because of Theocracy of Thugs' nihilism, unaccountability,  & EVIL, virus is destroying Iran & nothing less than existential threat to world  …
From the “C’mon, No One Is That Dumb” Department: Large numbers of people are avoiding Corona beer because its name sounds so similar to the virus. I’ll bet you a cold one that not less than 98% of them are Trump supporters.  …
When Corona virus enters addis Ababa but I live in finfinee 
So now that we have corona virus, do I have permission to intervene when I see people leave the bathroom without washing their hands?
Doctors knocked on my door tonight to conduct mandatory Corona virus testing. Swabbing everybody who has flown into UB from Korea since 17 February. To the Mongolian authorities - Bayarlalaa and keep up the good work and vigilance! #Mongolia has no reported cases of COVID-19. 
Corona dance courtesy of the incredible doctors and nurses fighting the virus in #Iran! #CoronavirusOutbreak ht 
The real lies are the ones you’re spewing right not. Trump never called the Corona virus a hoax. He said that the Democrats and the media politicizing the Corona virus is their latest hoax. Now go wash your hands, you dolt.  …
The Banking Cartel and Black Nobility at its center are responsible for the Corona Virus  
YoungK when Corona isn’t a thing in Korea VS. YoungK when there’re 2,337 Corona cases in Korea. WHY YONGHYUN WHY? 
ten's mom, her big brain is so big! she wears an air purifier so she avoids air pollution and viruses :0 while all this time I've been getting allergic to pollution coughing my lungs out.... and corona virus can't even test her. ten you should take some note pls  …
politics of the left has  moronic, they wanted North Korea to nuke something, they perfer Americans get Corona Virus outbreak & I'm sure they hope a bloodbath ensues after Afghanistan peace agreement today. any success by Trump is heresy...... weird
then getting corona  …
Mr Lie Cheat and Steal Mike Pompeo's refusal to answer a direct question regarding whether the Corona Virus is a hoax pretty much proves that it is a hoax  …
New greeting in a post-Corona world. 
How has the corona virus impacted your school? We as a class have been doing some work around this and would love your insights. The more places the better #pleaseretweet
Every man knows the cure for Corona Flu is duct tape and Windex. There is nothing that can’t be fixed with those two tools.
True. If God really existed and gave a crap about the religious, then they would be spared from things like corona virus. But they are no more protected from it, than they were from any other historical disease.  …
You can get chicken pox once in a life time and never again. But not Corona virus. You may be cured once and get it again shortly after. That shows how much it likes you.
Bozo can't do the job. He's no idea how to deal with the corona virus, or the flooding. Patel is wrecking the HO. Bozo has never done a decent days work in his over privileged life. He's bluffed his way all his life. The fools that voted for him are much to blame. Not my PM.
Anyone who is getting a bit worried about the Corona virus try not to. The NHS is saying wash your hands/hand sanitizer and sneeze into a tissue and throw away, nothing about masks. Go to the poundshop they do little hand sanitizers.
Funny how Trump is calling the Corona Virus a #hoax but just canceled meetings with Asia leaders next month in Vegas. 
BREAKING NEWS Fears gripping the financial markets are subsiding as traders begin to realize the fallout from the corona virus would be far less than if Bernie Sanders were to be elected.
Is the Government prepared for a Corona virus epidemic, if  in India like Iran. Have there been feverish reviews and meetings involving all dist. level offcrs, stocks of essential medical equipments, quarantine facilities etc.
I got a corona-themed fortune cookie in Chinatown last night. 
The amount of fake news I have read about this corona virus issue since the news of it being in Nigeria broke yesterday is just so annoying and pathetic. Why are we like this in this country? Why are we doing this to ourselves?
I think that abortion is a lot more deadly than the corona virus. Where is the lefts concern for the hundreds of thousands that have died from abortion?
Update 15min ago: Johns Hopkins CSSE (Live-Map): Confirmed cases US: 64 #coronavirusus Total cases worldwide: 85.409 and counting . . . #SaturdayMorning #TrumpLiesEverytimeHeSpeaks #Corona #TrumpIsAMoron 
A Prez who was more of a joke Could whip up a bunch of dumb folks. Corona’s controlled, Said the lying orange troll His whole presidency is one giant hoax. #hoax #MAGA #TrumpRallySC #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus #TrumpRallyCharleston #Trump #DirtyLimericks 
Here is @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer’s Corona Flu Preparedness Plan: “I don’t know what I want, but this ain’t it. Give me $8 billion to figure it out.” Sure Chuck.
Great minds think alike ... & we are RIGHT. The Corona Virus story isn’t about caring for you & your health. It’s purely a full-stop propaganda war against Trump using you & your fear as the ultimate weapon. DON’T FALL FOR THIS TRICK! DON’T BE PLAYED!   …
I just saw that @Cernovich said corona virus is Trump’s Katrina?? Get back to me when 1200 Americans are dead and he does a flyover to check it out.
Corona means crown. Under a microscope the virus has a somewhat crown shape. There are many types of #Coronavirus . This is just a different mutation . If you have any questions you can ask @AOC . She won a HS science fair you know!
Corona virus will have us all traveling domestically and I’m glad. Y’all sleep on this country. All the climates in one. Tropics, mountains, forrests, snow, deserts - we really have it all.
Interesting way of managing suspected Corona Virus cases in Japan Thankfully cant see ⁦ @gardainfo⁩ or ⁦ @dfpo adopting a similar 
Another democrat armchair quarterback. No suggestions on how to better prepare for the Corona Flu, just snarky, low IQ criticism.  …
As the corona virus spreads will progressives continue to support open borders?
Qatar reports first case of Corona Virus  …
It blows my mind that the left is blaming the Corona virus on @realDonaldTrump I don’t remember anyone on the right blaming Obama for Swine Flu in 09, Ebola in 14 or Zika in 16. Why do so many on the left suffer from Trump derangement syndrome?
AP CONFIRMED: Democrats are Lying about Corona Virus Readiness. Surprise, Surprise...  …
Corona virus has diminished China' efforts of world domination.
what if being gay is really a disease like corona virus and we just normalized it... 
Appeals court blocks Trump ‘remain in Mexico’ policy  … @washtimes The 9th circus court must be overturned immediately by the Supreme Court. Not only was @POTUS move Constitutional, but HEALTH factors with corona virus are in play. Partisan DEMS don’t care
What do you do when your brand name is synonymous to a world wide pandemic? Corona Beer CEO: 
Did you know that in lndia,Where Worship is Free,Muslims are burned alive at home?The lndians attack. them in the Street and have no See urity?And all this happ ens after Trump,s trip Corona has dis tract edus. #indianmuslimsindanger 
Surprised no weed is named corona virus og
Why do WE have to take the word of Anyone in Govt. about this #CoronaScam? I want, 1. ages of those that died, 2. prior health of dead. 3. PROOF OF CORONA & not the Flu!! How many are & have died from the Flu EVERY YEAR????
White House officials hope for coronavirus funding deal by next week  … via @washtimes WHILE THEY’RE AT IT, how about increased funding for our border walls?!? Illegals sneaking in can be CARRIERS of corona virus. Do DEMS care AT ALL about public health?!?
"U.S. hospitals charging Americans exposed to the Coronavirus for their mandatory quarantine. Combine this with Corona tests that cost $1400 & you have everything you need to radically exacerbate a pandemic. We need Medicare for all now."  …
This Corona virus is a game changer...kyk net 
Musalia Mudavadi The only leader to talk about Corona Virus, the rest ni maneno ya Reggae na upuzi tu! #BBIInMeru #BBIFraud #BBINonsense #CoronavirusKe
Corona virus after a year : 
If you think you’re dumb and feeling bad about it, let me tell you that the sales of Corona beer dropped by 38% due to Corona virus because people think the beer is somehow related to Corona virus.
*Corona virus joined the chat using the link*  …
Shit, our shows in Bologna and Milano next week can't happen because of corona virus. We are working with the promotors to try to find new dates for both these shows, so we can say our goodbyes properly as intended!
[Missed Opportunity] Have you ever had someone steal your identity and then do evil things? It happened to us and it sucks. That's why we are donating 10% of profits this quarter to lock this killer up! Let's fight this together. Signed, Corona (Beer) The Original. @corona
In the wake of Corona virus thing. Some countries built quarantine units in or outside their country so suspected persons will be monitored In my country Ghana the health ministry says if u feel like u might have contracted the virus, quarantine YOURSELF in ur room. Yesu 
No one ... I repeat NO ONE has died in the US from Corona Virus yet Globalists, Democrats & the media are all yelling the sky is falling & many people are reacting in fear of a virus you’d be highly unlikely to die from if you caught it #coronavirusus   …
When you think democrats couldn’t be any more stupid and get any more retarded they blame the Corona Vírus on Donald Trump 
One kiss is all it takes Fallin' in love with me: Ta tol2at Corona:
cancer over corona. anyday. 
When the efcc boy was warned, you defended him on twitter. Hope you go to EFCC office to continue your defense. I said the corona school tweet was a joke in poor taste, defenders came. Now the school has decided to take legal action & the tweet has been brought down. We watch. 
Has Willie Rennie got the corona virus? He seems to have put himself into self-isolation. Perhaps he’ll use the time  his letter of resignation. #RennieMustResign
Yes, you need to take all preventive measures during this Coronavirus outbreak but for God's sake stop panicking...there are 1000 things that would kill you more than Corona...Drive safe, eat healthy and play sports...that would help you more than wearing a useless mask! 
Please nobody should trick Nigerians into doing some crazy shit all in the name to prevent this Corona virus, like they did with the Ebola and make some people to bath with salt
Don't panic We will defeat corona. We are endowed with great scientist, by tomorrow u will see a brown or black concoction in a bottle in a barrow as the solution, them go say " no sickness wey no get solution, Corono SANYINE da DATTIN CIKI". #CoronavirusKe #coronavirusinlagos
Liverpool won the EPL over 30 ago..... This year they're almost close to win it and the English FA is also planning to dissolve the league due to corona virus Afe bi y3 3sane!
When Corona Virus hits Kenya, Politicians won't be able to fly out for treatment, they will have to seek the services of the Local doctors whom they underpay & treat as trash. No Country will be  & no foreign doctor will want  close to them. Home will be the best.
Genie: I'll grant you one wish. Valkiing: I wish every bearded guy on Twitter will take of their beards. Genie: Done (Corona virus is in town)
It's no longer news that the dreaded Corona virus is in the country Quick one,do you know the Corona-Virus epidemic began in a seafood and poultry market in Wuhan Well now you do Anyways here are tips to stay safe and Corona virus free  …
Corona Virus don enter WRONG country (Nigeria) You go die hear Ask your Late Brother EBOLA
Pet Rock Ocasio-Cortez, the least intelligent person to be elected to public office in the United States, attacks Vice President Pence's leadership of the program to fight the Corona virus! The VP has more gray matter in his pinkie finger than the Pet Rock dolt has in her body!
corona virus not a big deal. will just go away if you keep ignoring it. Later
Good Morning Patriots Hope everyone has a great day except the evil Lefties circling like vultures waiting and hoping for the first Corona Virus death so they can blame Trump. #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayThoughts #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID2019
Morning Prayer: Dear God; Protect your world from the Corona Virus. Find relief from those who are suffering. Help VP Pence find the answer for our country and the world. Protect him from the politicians who seek to delay and gain selfishly. Lord, help us today. Amen.
If Corona Virus is a #hoax then Trump should have no problem visiting the sick quarantined people who have this fake virus, right?
 to Pakistan People start making memes Corona 
Juve-Inter +4 other games set to be played behind closed doors due to Corona restrictions now moved to May 13. Coppa italia to May 20. Absurd decision to make now, after agreeing opposite. Likely biz decision too: Juve-Inter cd be title decider + now  with Clasico
Fuck it may as well hug cunts if I see them, if I get corona guess fate just fucked me
Rt pls! Update on corona virus! It needs a protein to cling into your body and just 2 protein it can cling to. These are ace2 protein and rs3367 protein and if you are low on these proteins it's percentage  to your body get lowers! And it hates black and green tea!
>corona virus hits balkans >Bulgaria unaffected >Erdogan releases refugee hordes >They can't get through Bulgaria so they pass through greece 2020 is our year 
BOOM, BOOM, BOOm!What on earth is Chelsea Clinton doing at Columbia University, and  does she have to discuss corona virus? Johnny Burtka: “Here’s what’s going on:(...)the American carnage of a corrupt ruling class that seeks to hide their sins behind... 
First event I bring my mom to, after years of following the scene and supporting me throughout my career, very unfortunate about the corona situation that she couldnt experience Spodek Arena, but she loves CS Best mom and best player in the world. @s1mpleO thanks sasha!! 
Calling the Corona Flu the #coronavirus or #COVID2019 or any other mysterious name just feeds into the #Impeach45 leftist narrative.
3 extremely hard Serie A games within 11 days and they believe that's fair for a title race? They are really preferring that Juve keep their ticket money instead of the public safety?? What if the Corona-virus gets worse, wtf are they gonna do???
We want you to be aware of Corona virus and it’s symptoms and that if you show any of the symptoms you should go to your nearest clinic or Doctor. There are no confirmed cases of Corona Virus in South Africa . #SRHAwareness #CVID19 #CoronaUpdate @HealthZA @fs_health
Really hoping that corona is gonna end us  
We are witnessing a transition from a globalist economy to a peoples economy. And that is why the Cabal unleashed the corona virus. If they could weaponize a virus that only murdered Patriots. They would do it. The storm is building to a crescendo.
Corona virus reported at Kenyatta National hospital. Lord help US.
Preventive measures #Corona 
They have postponed Almost all the Serie A games charley Corona virus dey worry investment
The only place where you can’t catch the corona virus now is the Antarctica..good bye I will go live with penguins 
Stupid religious man licking the shrine in the religious city of #Qom #Iran where the #Corona outbreak has occurd to prove that the "wholly" shrine will protect him. There has been an internal fight inside regime on closing the shrine where fundamentalists like him have won. 
Things to understand about CORONA VIRUS. Thread Content by @WeimanKow #coronavirusinlagos #CoronaVirusUpdates Re tweet for 
The corona virus is likely going to test the ability of Trump supporters to blithely bungee jump their perceptions away from reality.  …
Election year scare tactic SARS.............2004 AVIAN..........2008 SWINE.........2010 MERS...........2012 EBOLA.........2014 ZIKA.............2016 EBOLA.........2018 CORONA....2020 Election year organisms? Purposefully used to manipulate economy? Coincidence?  …
Obviously I'm not an expert but I fail to see what difference panicking about the corona virus will make? As an individual, all we can do is be careful.
US sanctions are stopping Iran buying supplies like corona testing kits. America is worsening a pandemic & sacrificing lives around the world for petty political goals. The US is the terror state in this equation. P.S. Trump definitely isn't invited to my rapture party.
"corona only spreads to weak immune systems" -my weak ass immune system : 
If you drink beer, would you still drink Corona beer given the #CoronavirusOutbreak
I just got wind of @SpeakerPelosi’s cure and treatment for the fatal Corona Flu? It is a vaccination called #Impeach45. @RepAdamSchiff is in his secret basement lab working on it as we speak. Praise the lord and pass the potatoes. cc: @realDonaldTrump @CDCgov @vp Pence
I have to remind though, Corona-chan might make a debut.  …
Can't see them cancelling footy because of the Corona virus. At worst it would be played behind closed doors. Now allowing 750,000 people, including hundreds of thousands of tourists parade through the city, that in my opinion would be irresponsible. @mayor_anderson
Breaking... Iran’s memeber of the Parliament with Corona virus dies. #CoronaVirusUpdates
Corona Virus is not spreading in India. Coz, we have Section 144 in the country half the time.
So I brought Corona for @JohnMu from Asia, but then I couldn't resist it... Sorry, John, I'll need to take a few days 
Corona Conundrum How will folk Who live alone And Need shopping But Have symptoms Self Isolate? #Covid19 #Coronavirus
SERIOUS POLL: Corona virus is obviously all over the news. Public perception drives events like these usually more than the event itself. I would like to catch the public pulse on this in the following Poll. Rt please. How concerned are you right now about the coronavirus?
“No coronavirus” — corona as in crown, in this case — demands this poster with an image of Putin displayed by a demonstrator in Moscow. People are marching today to remember opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, who was gunned down in the Russian capital five years ago.  …
Media houses, news outlets, story tellers need to be guided with their reportage of this Corona virus issue, now is not the time for blame games or inaccurate reports, it does more harm than good
This Corona virus is really scaring me bro. I dont wanna die bro i know my country is not ready. I will show you.
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
Corona Virus review and progresson steps taken meeting...all arrangements at Borders, DHQs, Isolation wards, Equipments, ICU, new purchases virus related, purchases, awareness and rest.... 
Nigeria’s main Toxic party, PDP, has blamed @MBuhari, for the corona virus that has been detected in Nigeria -News Me: The same Will that Delivered Nigerians from the scourge of the toxic, looting and thieving Committee of fraudsters, will deliver Nigerians from Corona Virus. 
Lesenswert! Rationale Infis zu #Corona  …
Be vigilant about Corona Virus. Ignore all these public officers irresponsibly claiming to have capacity that mighty China doesn't. *Wash your hands often *Wear mask always in public *Stop shaking hands *Avoid skin to skin contact *Try to avoid crowd #Coronavid19
#repost of cnnipr tweet • 38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer "under any circumstances" because of the coronavirus, according to a recent survey. Just to be abundantly clear: There is no link between the virus…  …
Days of guaranteed paid sick leave: 50 50 48 45 44 39 38 36 35 33 29 28 28 24 22 18 17 15 10 10 ‘Small details’ like this don’t help stop the spread of things like Corona Virus, it helps spread it. No one should work when sick.
This is the best mask ever!! I am selling these CDc Corona Flu Masks for 99 cents each, and a $5 shipping and handling charge.  …
Ex-Intelligence Minister Mostafa Poormohammadi been hospitalised with Corona virus #irancorona 
Please, please @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @cnn @abcnews @Milbank @JoeNBC @jaketapper @RichardEngel - I am 65 and in the high risk category for Corona Flu death. You’ve openly criticized the @CDCgov response - what more should they do? Please help me! Please!!!!! Crickets.
Trump wants the public to stay ignorant & believe Corona virus is a hoax so that he isn’t blamed for the  way it’s being handled. This isn’t just harmless rhetoric. This is endangering lives. ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦⁦  …
Republic of Cyprus closes all but three crossing points across #Cyprus citing #corona virus risk. Huge queues on the remaining three. This is a blatant violation of freedom of movement of #European citizens. @EU_Commission @EUCYPRUS @UN_CYPRUS 
As much as I try to  this story is scary as hell. The supposed “isolation” center & world class facility to contain corona has zero equipment, is full of mosquitoes, no protective gears for staff & the patient tried to escape due to the poor state of the place.  …
NOTES Because Corona Virus, some Idols canceled their fly to Paris for Fashion Week. Jennie maybe fly tomorrow but it's will canceled too. But let's wait for tomorrow, if she not in airport the mean is canceled #BLACKPINK #JENNIE #블랙핑크 #제니 @ygofficialblink
Q: How you protecting yourself against Corona virus? Ans: "I am a Lords Chosen member, I believe God will protect me." "It's God's grace o, we need to use our local herbs to fight this thing." "I am not bothered. Nigeria will  this." Full vid:  
Corona Chan unmasking the Education System: Schools aren’t for leaning, they are a poorly formalised babysitting service operating under the cloak of education.  …
Egypt has recorded first case of corona virus. We are finished. African health care systems are not even able to respond effectively to Malaria.
What if your anon don catch corona virus?
Can’t take Coronavirus seriously now M m m my Corona! 
Jorge and Corona, lovely couple, having them over for dinner this evening.
So due to a myriad of reasons I'm now unemployed. On the bright side, my chances of catching the corona virus have slimmed down quite a lot... And I can focus some more time on painting. Got to always see the positives, right?
Aaargh! Corona beer is being boycotted by Trump supporters cos virus. They're lucky they don't live in Britain where the EU army is delivering the virus to every major city (except Salisbury). 
Good morning guys. Once again be safe out there and be alert when moving around people. We need to play our part in containing this deadly corona virus. Have a blessed day
It’s one of those odd facets of human psychology I guess. A bit gross. My 10 year old son, concerned by the corona virus was very upset to learn the best way  it was just washing his hands properly and nothing involving lasers.
Corona virus came in pakistan, Nida Yasir:  to my morning show..
Press Conference by the Oyo State Commissioner for Health, Dr B. V. A. Bello on Corona Virus. 
Corona  reports £132m loss following virus outbreak  …
Suspicion are raised - Johnson is self-isolating in Cheving House whilst telling all other UK citizens that Corona virus is best treated with soap and water. Considering Johnson's relationship with the truth how reassured of your own safety are you? 
Just heard Corona virus is in Nigeria and SA has such a huge population of Nigerians and until all flights are canceled between all these countries, I'm working under assumption all y'all infected no jokes. 
Buhari supporters will tell you that countries like U.K and America have debt. They won't tell you that debt servicing is 5% of U.K's budget For Nigeria,its 70% It's that way cuz the Naira is not doing its work to expand productivity at the right peg Sha Corona go show us 
Put this way, at a Benchmark of $57. The budget was basically used to service debt and pay salaries. Which is unsustainable and makes no sense. IMF already downgraded 2020 economic growth to just 2% thanks to Corona Virus. The Naira is snake oil at this point at $1=360 naira.
Hope you Nigerians know that Corona Virus has made the possibility of Naira devaluation closer than we expect. The crude oil benchmark for our 2020 budget is $57. Oil price is $49 and declining thanks to the Virus. Our already useless budget is toilet paper at this point.
I survived The World War that Trump started after the Syria airstrikes I survived the Net Neutrality apocalypse I survived The World War after Trump took out Soleimani You better believe I'll survive the Corona Virus Epidemic! #KAG
The Corona Virus taught us that we are one single entity living on this planet. The skies have no borders ! The borders we created cannot protect us from the forces that require no visas. It’s time for humanity to understand that it’s existence depends on its unity. 
The Corona virus can be detected (by tests) during the incubation period right? Genuine question (cos I'm not a health worker): Why haven't all countries adopted the yellow card system, everyone get tested and present your card before you travel out. Somebody educate me please.
The Corona beer / coronavirus “survey” “report” is bullshit. (Conducted by 5WPR(!)) And if you shared it — or worse, wrote it up noncritically — you are part of the problem. Sorry, but you  about fake news only when it’s convenient to you.  …
Block the corona virus with a @Malaamusic mask
so you tellin me corona virus is in our region now amd instagram music still not?? life ain’t fair man.
The coronavirus epidemic prompted China to permanently ban trade of wild animals as food, but not for medicinal use.  #COVIDー19 #pangolins #wildlife #corona #covid #virus #animals #China 
BEST EXPLANATION SO FAR. Watch Gan Kim Yong, the Singapore Health Minister explaining what we need to know about #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus Be safe people #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronavirusKe #COVID19Nigeria #Covid_19 Corona will not Corona us us Watch Video 1&2 
A clinic in the south of Iran has been torched by angry locals after allegedly 10 Corona patients were transferred to this centre  …
If we can close our borders for ordinary rice, then we should do more for Corona Virus.
1000 tonnes of Label Rouge beef will be tracked and traced by Foodgates using the VeChain blockchain. Temporary on hold due to the corona virus situation, but adoption is inevitable! #VET #VeChain  …
The Anti-Corona Crew has arrived 
Corona Virus don enter WRONG country (Nigeria) You go die here. Ask your Late Brother EBOLA
Oh god, why ........ is Corona around the corner? 
Someone said Zobo leaves can cure corona virus, Nigerian and thier superstition sha 
Can university students stop hugging until the cure for Corona virus is found??
I thought y'all said chloroquine cured corona??
I'm still amazed by how you guys strongly believe that COVID-19 is in Nigeria In the words of Magu “Corona Virus is caused by Kwaruption” In few weeks time after they fon chop the money they will tell you we've conquered it. Bunch of clowns #COVID19Nigeria
I heard last night Corona Schools Trust Council will be decisive about @MaziIbe_'s suggestive picture of its brand, and would spare no cost at redeeming its image. Make una dey watch, he'll soon start running from pillar to post. He better start looking for SANs. Ayanyan sun
Jesus ...the club bar is packed the lads are on the ale already and currently have there socks off rolled up into a ball and Seeing who can land them closest to the wall over the snooker table for £5 a go winner takes all !!!! Corona is on offer aswell
Corona beer shares are at an all-time low. Buy your stocks now, once this coronavirus plague dissipates, you gonna be wiping your butthole with benjamins!
No Hugging, No Touching Corona! 
I assumed this was a joke at first. But it is no joke Sales of Corona beer are down 38% in America. Some Americans are boycotting the Mexican drink are they hold it responsible for Corona Virus Words fail me!  …
Update per Johns Hopkins CSSE (Live-Map), 2/29/20, 9.23 in the Morning: Confirmed cases in 62 countries Total confirmed: 85.406 Total deaths 2.924 Total recovered: 39.549 #COVID19 #corona #coronavirusus 
Corona beer isn't making any changes to its advertising despite the name's unfortunate similarity to the deadly coronavirus.  …
My people, don't be afraid of Corona virus! It won't last long. It's made in China 
Totally agree . . . The #FakePresident is the greatest threat to America . . . #TrumpIsANationalSecurityThreat #Corona #COVID19 #TrumpIsAMoron #SaturdayMorning 
As a true introvert , a proud MENSA card carrier (my IQ is 170) and someone with the rare INTP personality type, I believe corona virus is good because I feel vindicated for not leavingthe house for seven years
Corona virus will most probably not kill you but it is about to take a massive toll on our economy and I’m just praying for everyone who is already struggling. Please don’t fear but take care of yourself mentally these next few months.
Thank you to our good friend in Turkey, President Erdogan, who we pay billions of your euros to every year. Now he has blessed us with even more Europe!  the doctor, nurses and scientists, just in time to help with the corona virus outbreak. 
China: “everyone is a gangsters until u got Corona virus” Indo : “everyone is a gangsters ” 
I made y’all this Venn diagram of the 38% of Americans who think the  from Corona beer and the 38% of Americans who think Trump is a great president. You’re  
I pray the government finds a solution to the Corona Virus in lagos. Meanwhile there is an advantage. #COVID19Nigeria 
EVERYONE, since Corona outbreak is spreading so fast, please TAKE CARE yourself and your family! Stay safe until we meet yall soon
As far as the flu, Corona, pneumonia, bronchitis, etc... I told you I took Oil of Oregano (OREGANOL) & that is what I rely on for EVERYTHING to do with my lungs! Here is an article that gives MUCH MORE INFO!  …
Corona virus can not enter ilorin and go Scott-free, when their are sheikhs and Alfas in Ilorin. Ko possible faa.
Nobody: Corona virus: 
It’s corona time 
Meanwhile in Indonesia Public Health Expert reveals why Indonesians are immune to the Corona Virus. Initially, they believed that it's because Indonesians are Melayu Master Race.  …
We have disseminated a booklet on Corona virus to raise awareness among students, and have directed the CEOs (DEAs) to ensure its display in all public/private schools in their respective districts. Booklet can be downloaded from here:  
#StupidTriviaFacts You won't contract the Corona virus by drinking Corona beer.
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
Had to laugh when a friend said this to me last week. “You expect a country that got done by polony to be able  corona virus?”
There'll be less homeless people if half the world population is wiped out by Corona virus. Climate warming issue will be resolved too. Be positive.
Apparently one of our fav influencers on this app said there's no Corona virus in Nigeria That government just wanna use it to embezzle money And I saw alot of people agreeing under the post Lmaoooo, both sheep and the Shepard. No sense.
Meeting between Trump and Austrian chancellor @sebastiankurz postponed because of corona virus. Speculations now arise it’s because Austria’s foreign minister has recently been to Iran and one of the members of his delegations has shown symptoms.  …
He’ll protect us all with his Sharpie pen. All he needs to do is draw a circle around the country and we’ll all be safe from the Corona virus “hoax”! Pure Trump magic!
Tzuyu donated 50M won to Community Chest of KR to help on preventing the increasing numbers of affected people by the corona virus. “I hope for everyone to be healthy.” A real charity angel  … @JYPETWICE #TZUYU #쯔위 #ツウィ #周子瑜 #TWICE 
So far 42 people have been saved from dying of Corona virus in Delhi. They died in riots.
They have Cancelled all the Switzerland games because of Corona virus Corona virus really dey hurt investors
If the corona virus kills us all this how ima be in the apocalypse 
It's called Corona Blessing...
Super Junior donated 10,000 masks to the Community Chest of Korea on January 29 to prevent the spread of new corona virus. Super said that they donated bcs were concerned about the health of children with low immunity and teenagers with a lot of activities. They added although  …
When a marlian rushes to buy hand sanitizers and face mask because of corona virus instead of quoting the Marlian Watchword :- Mafo, mo wa pelu e 
So, Corona Virus killed one Brit yesterday and that is sad. But every day Car Owner Virus kills 5 in the UK and 3,700 globally. It's time to end the carnage and civilise our streets.  
catching a cold during this corona pandemic 
If Pence is the new Corona Czar, then why hasn't  to the public all the cases we're hearing about in CA & TX? We have to learn about them from local reporters. Isn't the job of a Czar to know of all cases as it relates to their fiefdoms? He's lousy!
Story about a guy who was infected by Corona Virus and quarantined himself. With support from family and Hasshi, he recovered. Oshi Hasshi guys, she can cure coronavirus  … 
#COVID2019 has got me out of bed early on a Saturday Heading to @skynews to  sense amid #corona panic! Keep calm folks
Smokers lungs volume is less. Corona virus attacks lungs. So if you are old and a smoker your time of distributing your inheritance  Happy dying.
Right one last try we are 1 ticket short for @kayleigh1872 today anyone who might have developed corona virus and cant make it she is happy  and pick it up from you. Please RT bears.
One of the best  of our age is a guy who has never stood up before. @joerogan when? Yesterday was too late. He may be dead from Corona virus or bleach in his dick already. Joe, Fly this man and his chair and his mom, and especially his mom, out for a show.  …
HUNGARY MOBILIZES RESOURCES AGAINST MIGRANT SURGE & AGAINST CORONA VIRAL CONTAGION: "...it’s only a matter of time before thousands upon thousands of military-aged men are amassed at the Hungarian border – the gates of Europe’s Schengen Zone."  …
We request and need the supervision of #WHO in Iran Because of the crisis of the corona virus in Iran. Your presence in Iran is required because the governors of the Islamic Republic are just thinking about their own health. @WHO
Today when we are busy fighting in the name of NRC which isn’t even born, We are very very vulnerable to corona virus outbreak. The virus understands no religion, no ideology, It will hit with same pace. Hope @MoHFW_INDIA & @drharshvardhan is well prepared for the same.
Seems so, and always timed.... From @me_think_free & very interesting. Every election year has a disease SARS ----2004 AVIAN 2008 SVVINE 2010 MERS - 2012 EBOLA 2014 ZIKA 2016 EBOLA 2018 CORONA 2020 Coincidences? NEVER  …
If you were forced to choose between CORONA and EBOLA, which will it be? #COVID19Nigeria 
Some people say the Corona virus outbreak will make people in govt  richer because of the paltry 380m naira that govt released to fight the outbreak. In the US, govt will be spending up to $8bn to fight Corona. 380m naira is nothing  to that. Zilch.
These guys should give us a break, or at least a ceasefire. We should now direct all our energies towards dealing with corona virus.  …
Just saw one news that the man that drove the Italian that was diagnosed with COVID is threatening to spread the virus if he's not paid 1M or so These media outlets really need to do better fr and stop adding fuel to the hysteria that may soon ensue due to this corona outbreak.
Corona beer is struggling because Americans are dumb as hell and think the beer is spreading the virus. Imma go out tomorrow and buy a few to help out neighbors to the south.
look buddy, i'm american, and if the corona  to my door, i have a 45 by my side and an ar15 in the back that's what freedom is
24 Corona would really slap right now @LesegoFrank & @Killmatic_sa
This is how it happens in my country indonesia, my friend got information from italian gov. Today, So, is this true? #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona #coronavirus #COVID19italia #COVID19indonesia #indonesia #kemenkes our health ministry @KemenkesRI 
Global Status of Corona Virus. China’s ability to cure 39000 infected people  South Korea, Iran & Italy are most threatening, which means Pakistan & Europe are standing next to fire. 
: Yerin unnie, what do you do at dorm if you can't go outside because of corona? weverse : unnies, aren't you bored cause you have to stay at dorm? i like being in my room 
Kai Jos people kenan One case of Corona o, Just one o Boom nose mask don finish for terminus
The spread of the coronavirus couldn't  at a worse time for Corona beer 38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer "under any circumstances" because of the coronavirus, according to a recent survey.   …
No lights, no Okada and keke, closed borders, Increase on tax, recession, low standard of living and then corona virus , No matter how we are pushed to the wall, we always break the wall, heal up survive and laugh, we  out of this phase
Breaking fingers of anyone calling me corona again.
Italy is suffering heavily from Corona virus with 2916 cases. Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi are going to live in Italy to show Indian solidarity till the crises are over.
Trump is the problem? His enablers are the problem? The Russians are the problem? Social media is the problem? In response to Coronavirus, 38% of Americans won’t drink a Corona beer. We all know what the real problem is.
look at her face when he hands the bottle back to her and it tastes like corona
This guy is working hard to give us all corona virus. Unbelievable. 
- The Lagos  of health, Professor Akin Abayomi, has visited the Italian corona virus patient at the Infectious Diseases Hospital in Yaba, where he is being isolated and treated. 
Hanging with the Division 1 section champion Clovis East T Wolves. They shot an amazing 68% as a team CE Leading Scorers Will Wiggins 14 Jermal Pittman 13 Camden Thompson 11 Tyler Pacheco 9 Isaiah Corona 8 Josh Heu 8 
Still wondering who authorized the 239 Chinese nationals into our country and thereby risking the lives of 48 million Kenyans . Nchi ilishauzwa. the person knows very well we don’t have the capacity to fight Corona, yeye akipata homa Ako 1st flight to Canada for treatment. Sad.
When you've taken all the necessary preventive measures against corona virus, but there was a man 
#SowetoDerby Breaking news: the Derby will be played behind closed doors due to the corona virus outbreak and it will not be televised because the virus might go through the screens.
making fun of the corona virus vs receiving news that its in my country  …
What if Corona beer is the vaccine for Corona virus?
This bussiness about the Corona virus  out of control! The MSM is screaming at the top of their lungs that we are in a #PANDEMIC! Is this country ILL PREPAIRED for it, or is it being  out of proportion? (The Gates Foundation and their partners in Big
You are such disgusting, despicable, evil,hypocrite @SenSchumer ! This tweet that you deleted shows how in charge @realDonaldTrump our elected @POTUS is handling the Corona Virus! You will continue with your #TDS since we will re-elect him@on November 3, 2020! 
So a 17 day old baby recovers with no meds from the Corona Virus Yet the whole world is panicking @StormIsUponUs @prayingmedic @seanhannity  …
He’s not calling the corona virus a hoax... “This is their new hoax” Hoax: #1. Russian collusion #2. Good people on both sides (reference to white nationalist) #3. Ukraine, quid pro quo #4. Trumps not doing anything to prevent the corona virus in the USA
Breaking News, #Australia, Due to the "Corona Virus" Foriegn nationals travelling from #IRAN will be denied entry into Australia, ". #Anons know that this has nothing to do with a virus. #Q 
Tell you to close that thing jare corona is flying everywhere 
Corona Virus Playlist: -I Wanna Hold Your Hand (Beatles) -I Just Died in Your Arms (Cutting Crew) -Touch Me (The Doors) -Every Breath You Take (Police) -Breathe (Pink Floyd) -Take My Breath Away (Top Gun ST) -Hand in My Pocket (Alanis Morissette) -Human Touch (Bruce Springsteen)
[Q&A] On  Sorn said her and CLC are doing very well & that they’re currently staying inside due to the corona virus. She also said to take care of yourself! @sssorn_clc #씨엘씨 #손 #CLC #SORN 
Trump finally went there. At a rally he said that the Corona virus pandemic is a "hoax." Over 3,000 people have died from the virus. The United States government has no plan. They have inadequate testing. People are going to die. Yet, he calls it a hoax. Abominable.
Turkey Targets Europe With Migrants, Riots In France & Greece + Corona Chan Rising - FF Ep67  
I wrote this notes on my FB wall a week ago, about my worries and fears concerning the corona virus outbreak that has spread around the globe. #coronavirus 
And people are worried about the corona virus... 
"You will March to a new Job!" "You will March to a new Car!" "You will March to a new contract!" "You will March to a new House!" "You will March to Success !" "You will not March to Corona Virus" Just RT for goodluck
Even with the corona virus spreading, always make sure you practice Kung-fu with your dog! Let’s go! Mindset baby! No fear! Corona what!?!? 
I have been waiting for the local infomercials on public health and personal hygiene measures to contain corona. Why is it taking so long to produce and roll out these infomercials. We should be playing them every 2 to 3 hrs on all radio stations every day till we hit saturation.  …
As usual @BernieSanders is lying. He said the Democrats are using it as a hoax never said the corona virus is a hoax.  …
The percentage of Chinese killed by corona virus based on 2009 deaths and a population of 1435 billion people is .00014% Does it look like some people did something to hype this and mess up American and make our greatest President @realDonaldTrump onald look bad
This one will suffocate and die while the Corona virus patients he’s preventing himself from remain alive.  …
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
Watch on #Periscope: #DoseOfDrDrew 2-28-20 Corona Virus Facts  …
So now @realDonaldTrump says Corona Virus is a hoax... The oke is bat-shit fucking crazy...
"The democrat policy of open borders is a direct threat to the health and well being of all American's you see it with corona virus." #COVID2019 #KAG2020LandslideVictory 
#Presidementia Driveway Calf Splatter: 1) Trump was asked, “Is Corona more an economic or public health crisis?” His shouted driveway demented answer: “Well, I think it’s just, uh, people don’t know, it’s the unknown, you know, ... (More —>)
JUST IN: The Department of Tourism announced the postponement of a month-long nationwide mall sale in a bid to curb the spread of the corona virus disease in the Philippines. |  …
When you heard your Ex who dumped you for white man she is the first person detected of having Corona virus in New Zealand  …
Elizabeth Warren could find the cure to the Corona virus and people would still say she’s unelectable
Trump and President’s Name Junior think that the Democrats made up the Corona virus to keep Trump from winning.... Guys, I think they’re on to us
Who woulda thought... the first time I ever agreed with something trump said. We both agree that drinking a corona will not give you Corona virus
I will always stand up to disinformation That Chuck Schumer tweet today? False Trump calling corona a hoax? False Watch out!
"Now the democrats are politicising the corona virus, they cant even count their votes and they're doing Russia Russia." #TrumpRallyCharleston #KAG2020LandslideVictory 
Mike Pence has been put in charge of the Corona Virus Response team. What is "under the bus," Alex?
I mean reallyHow can anyone really believe #CoronaBeer causes #coronavirus The media has done pretty good job telling everyone Trump caused it #DrinkCorona Corona beer does not cause coronavirus, but a survey shows that purchase down.  …
I literally washed my hands 22 times today and applied Purell 5 times at a conference in California where people kept shaking my hands. I hate you corona virus . I’m not ocd enough for this nonsense.
In this photo, who do you think has the Corona Virus? 
China and the W.H.O. concealed and lied about the Corona Virus in early December 2019. Now the medical professionals agree with President Trump that banning travel to China was the right thing to do, and put us ahead of the spread of the virus here in America. Trump cares.  …
I like seeing Anti-Vaxers mad the government doesn’t have a Corona Virus cure yet.
So which Nigerian artist is gonna do the hit song corona? Someone check on Olamide.
Dem don open office untop this Corona virus p.
If/when corona virus finally his Southern Africa will we be ready? How was our past performance in dealing with localized listeriosis? 
who says Amazon is out of Corona virus masks?  
Buying a corona right now because 38% of Americans are dumb enough to let the “Corona virus” bullshit affect their opinion.
A few clarifications on corona testing for today! It’s not like a pregnancy test. You don’t cough on a strip and it turns blue. Samples have to be frozen and sent to labs certified “to perform  tests.” The test is still a straight up RNA test against real covid RNA
If 38% of Americans won't buy Corona because of Coronavirus, I'm thinking scientists really missed an opportunity here with the name **cough** trumpvirus **cough**
Dear Pakistani brothers & sisters who're having Corona virus kindly note hugging Gen Bajwa & Imran Khan will cure Corona Virus, GHQ Rawalpindi & PM house doors are always open for you. Pakistan Zindabad!!
The coronavirus will hit the world and national economies hard. Most important for us in Nigeria is the public health response. Despite a weak public health system our response to Ebola was heroic and effective. I hope it'll be same with Corona. I trust @Chikwe_I of @NCDCgov
This corona virus is really giving my infectious disease scientist boyfriend his time to shine at social events. I’m not coping.
Current available treatment for corona virus is oseltamivir and chloroquine, oseltamivir manufactured by Solara , Laurus , Cipla and chloroquine by Ipca 
It's  how far we  in handling the outbreak of deceases. Who would have thought that Nigeria would be this decisive and prepared to take on a deadly virus as Corona Virus! Wow! A special thanks to the Federal Ministry of Health and the Ministers.
Don't panic over the Corona virus It got a late start; viruses spread much faster in the winter The severity seems to be tied to a gene found in Asian males For most people, it amounts to a lingering chest cold Those who should worry; elderly and those with breathing issues 
. @OregonGovBrown corona info policy 1 wk ago secrecy 5 days ago a few numbers 2PM briefing- "all's well" 4:30 1 confirmed infected 6:30 1 & poss 2 infected "Trust us. We will keep you informed" Honestly Gov Brown I'd trust AOC before I trust your govt.
egyptians are so pressed about corona virus like they didn’t spend most of their lives drinking straight out of the Nile. This is what you’ve trained for!!
WHICH IS THE MOST DANGEROUS IN NIGERIA. 1 CORONA VIRUS 2 APC GOVERNMENT 3 BOKO HARAM 4 EBOLA 5 H.I.V AID'S. @OfficialAPCNg 
Face masks are ONLY intended for people who already have the virus. It helps to prevent the spread of the corona virus. No need to make opportunistic "entrepreneurs" rich. Washing hands frequently the best prevention measure.
2ND ATTEMPT= GRUMBLES FROM THE GREYBEARD. CORONAVIRUS SCAREMONGERING CORONA BEER TAKES A HIT!! GOMORRAH IS CANCELLED FAMILY AS A POSITIVE IS STABILITY @drawandstrike @DilleyShow @Quodverum_ @COsweda  …
While I was waiting to see my doctor this afternoon, some older guy started talking to me about the Corona virus being a hoax and he heard it from Trump. I looked at him and said, "Donald Trump is a lying, cheating menace to society and the virus is very real." He shut up.
Any GOP who calls it a hoax should be asked to sit next to a corona patient on a plane for 14 hours.
ong the corona virus is now in my city, on the news someone caught it, this is scary...
Alright folks... no more handshakes or hugs at shows... cus ya know.... Corona Virus... this is how we say hello now 
So many articles about "staying home for a few weeks" to flatten the curve of the corona virus. That's financially impossible for so many, but may be necessary regardless. The more apocalyptic danger there is in the world, the more socialist we're going to have to be to survive.
Please show some respect professor & address him Emperor Corona.  …
Again: I'll have full MARCH at home due the Corona Virus outbreak here in Japan. Maybe this is a good opportunity to finally start streaming as it's something I've been willing to do for so long What would you be interested in watching?
So my mom told my sister how Davis had a corona virus scare and I might die and my sister called me crying saying that she doesn’t want me to die lmaoo 
This morning at CPAC, Mulvaney said the corona virus was a Dem hoax. Before congress, Pompeo wouldn’t answer if he thought it was a hoax. At his SC rally tonight, Trump said it was a Dem hoax. Why was Pence put in charge of a Dem “hoax” then? 
Another state -Washington - just reported two new cases of positive corona tests. One of the patients is first minor in America reported with the disease. That is 3 states so far - two of them reporting since trump declared tonight that talk of risk of corona virus was a hoax.
Wondering if Corona is an attempt to add us to the demographic winter the West is suffering at the moment.
Corona beer literally has nothing to do with the corona virus but Americans don’t understand that. Ignorance is alive and well in 2020. Tragic.  …
Is the corona virus a hoax?
Defying the threat of Corona Virus for the love of James and Nadine 
Thank you President Trump for acting early to preventing more Americans of getting the Corona Virus. We are grateful.
This year's cherry blossom viewing at the mint has been cancelled due to the Corona virus. Of course the flowers will still bloom But people who have been to this event will know it gets very crowded.  
Twitter Ksh. 500 brigade is all over spread propaganda that Moses Kuria is planning to disrupt BBI NONSENSE in Kinoru stadium, Meru today. Shame on you, the other day same individuals were heckling at GOK to suspend BBI rallies and focus on Corona.
Religious pilgrimage to Mecca to be put on hold owing to Corona Virus? 
Gates spoke months ago about about a possible illness that could wipe off a good percent of human population. I trust the plan, everything will happen while the national guard is deployed and Q posted about CORONA many times. I trust the plan, stay safe friends.
Federal $for corona virus testing kits at county health deps hasn’t been approved. Only a handful of counties have kits. It’s only from those places where we will hear of confirmed cases. Because of government  we have no certainty of how many might be infected.
What are solid, reliable, verified sources on the Corona Virus? I'm a rabbi and I want to share information that is helpful, productive, and scientifically sound. Thank you!
Corona Report $170,000,000 Loss as a Result of Coronavirus  …
Iran has a healthcare system that's orders of magnitude better than India's. Imagine if the Corona Virus came to India - outside KL that is - where there's practically no Healthcare. It's terrifying to think how ill prepared India is for any contagion!  …
Okay, I'll bite, why are we talking to Michael Moore about Corona virus? #TheLastWord
Petulance Fear Monger Fail Outrage Fabrications Democratic’s Boring Anemic Chess Plays Same Lame Playbook Bad Joke -T2 Q 1)Undermined 2020 Election 2)Fear Unstable Market 3) Russia Deflate Fake 4)Consumer Buying Conf 5)Erroneous False News 6)Corona VirusFear 
New Corona Virus case id'd in Santa Clara County & another Corona Virus case forces closure of school in Lake Oswego school district through March 4th Meanwhile in South Carolina—45 announces the Corona Virus is "a Hoax" by Democrats to hurt his presidency Horrid recklessness
If I caught corona virus I would never know because I don’t go to the doctor for the sniffles
Enter: Corona virus. Just like that, no one remembers Hunter, Ukraine, or quid pro Joe. Just like that.
So it’s confirmed, trump used his KKK-styled MAGA hate rally tonight to call the soon to be Coronavirus global pandemic a hoax. And the cult who thinks they won’t catch it if they don’t drink or buy Corona Beer cheered him on. I thank god every day that I’m not a MAGA looney.
I am sick to the floor today and all I pray for is it’s not the corona virus .. frick!!! There’s no way right ?? Guys?? PLEASE TELL ME I AM JUST A LIL SICKUMS AND NOT A BIG SICKUMS
A lot of people in that audience are friends of mine who believe Trump's corona virus is a hoax lies and you know, that could cost them their lives.  …
The poetic justice of this fool contracting corona tho. I mean....epic...all the orange just draining off him....
We will all have to do our part and drink more Corona to offset the stupid.  …
Corona beer isn't related to the virus, right? Still, it's gained a bad rap in the US  
The Iranian Regime continues to target Ahwazi children & their families by routinely & systematically depriving them of humanitarian aid - including any testing or resources to deal with the Corona Virus! My fellow @mostafahetteh and I wrote this 
Trump thinks the Corona virus is a hoax much like his mental stability
Sounds like what someone with Corona would say
Watching you guys worry about the corona virus is amusing. As if I wouldn't personally resuscitate and nurse each and every one of you back to health. #CdnScreenAwards #AmybethMcNulty
Those darn Democrats tricked every other country to pretend that they have Corona Virus. Daaaaamnn Yooouuuu Demmmooocrrrraaattttssss!
Predictable @CassSunstein . Blame "probability neglect" for producing panic over a pandemic. But his contrived examples all have perfectly known frequentist probabilities and for corona those are unknown.  … via @bopinion
Corona beer isnt the only one taking a hit from this coronavirus thing, so has the H1N1 IPA Brewing Company.
COVID - 19 is the name given to corona virus. When spelt backwards its DIVOCK (origi) - 19 (the number of PL titles we will be having if corona let us finish this season)
My brother is a physician at Kaiser in Marin County and they got the first case of corona. He says they are fully prepared. The situation is not nearly as scary as the dems claim.
Mix water & bleach 10;1 (ie 10% bleach) in a spray bottle; mark the bottle, for safety; spray any surface, allow to remain on surface for 30 sec; it's what they use in Labs; kills nearly everything (corona)..
This is corona kiss!!!  …
I almost got hit by the Corona bug today! 
Not scared of corona virus what so ever. Just like I didn’t fear sars, swine flu and all that other fear mongering propaganda
Calling corona a "Democrat Hoax" Spouting his lies to his dim magatt folks A 2-bit  with sick racist jokes But his claim to the White House we soon will revoke  …
We’re all going to wash our hands until they crack, miss out on work, and generally sacrifice to do our part not spread corona virus and then Trump’s going to claim credit for being a pandemic hero like he has been claiming credit for Obama’s economy the past 3 year, right?
Wow we’ve hit a new level of stupid. 16% of Americans think that Corona beer is related to the  …
1. The Corona Virus challenge is global. We are constantly upgrading our preparations and have a daily monitoring routine to follow up on preparation. One of the pillars of our strategy I stress on is transparent and responsible engagement with the public on the challenge. 
Americans are avoiding Corona beer amid coronavirus outbreak, survey finds  
We Are Proud To make Awareness On Corona Virus Total 38+ Cases Of Corona Here in Bahrain Face Masks Has No Stock , We Imported From India With The Help of Our Frnds And We Traveled to Distribute This As Free in the Name Of @BahrainVMI @GuRuThalaiva @m_gajan 
4. Build up your immune system by drinking Corona. Your white blood cells will produce anti-bodies to fight Corona, which they can then use to fend off the virus. 
The wife and I decided if we get this corona virus, we will spend our last days together touring historical locations, you know like the White House, the senate, Mar-A-Lago, and all the Trump hotels. Might even take a trip to Russia.
Anti Corona Virus. “Smokingkills®Logo”Mask with @rakia_rin  
A new case  transmitted corona has popped up in Oregon. The infected person works in elementary school. Lake Oswego’s entire school district is now closed. Didn’t they hear? Trump says this is a hoax. Reopen those schools! Oh wait...this is real. Trump is insane.
My mom and her Vicks will fuck up the Corona Virus… 
I SUPLEX THE CORONA VIRUS
Here's the truth about coronavirus' impact on Corona beer sales 
There are people who believe Corona Beer causes the Coronavirus...and they vote.
From the time the 1st H1N1 diagnosis in the US in April 09 to 23 JUL 09 there were 1.8 million to 5.7 million symptomatic cases of pandemic (H1N1). Two months into corona & we have about 65 cases w/zero deaths in the US.
#BeforeWeHaveSexWeShould wash our hands. You know, to prevent Corona Virus
I wont be able to play this weekend of LCS because I got laryngitis (not corona) and I can't use my voice at all. We're gonna play with @Tactical so please support him in his debut and cheer for TL
Ludlow recently stated the Corona virus would be good for the American economy! Gasps of Horror  Trump Naming Kudlow to Coronavirus Team: ‘Like Injecting It in Our Veins’  … via @NicoleJames
Super Junior donated 10000 masks and Hyukjae donating 100 million won in hope to help the people affected by Corona virus outbreak is such a thoughtful act. More than the money and the number of masks, it's the thought and action that counts. Thank you boys
The world economy will down shift in  days,as a result of supply chain disruptions,due to fast spreading corona virus in key markets. An import dependant n mainly tourism based economy like the Maldives must get fully prepared for tackle any negative fallout.
I'm not a Corona beer drinker, but to hear their sales are down due to the Coronavirus, reminds me of the ignorance of people. Corona beer has nothing to do with the Coronavirus.
Wow BART wasn’t kidding when it said ridership is down at night and on weekends. Or is this because of corona virus fears? My friend said Costco was more crowded today than Christmas Eve and pre-thanksgiving. People are stocking up ... and staying home? 
Eunhyuk, a member of the ' @SJofficial' group, donated 100 million won to Corona19. Meanwhile, after the Corona 19 incident, donations continued in the entertainment industry. On 28, Eunhyuk's agency, SM Entertainment, donated 500 million won #SUPERJUNIOR #EUNHYUK
More fear mongering from Eugene & the Dems. Remember last month Eugene said America was going to be in WW3 & we were all going to die because Trump killed Sulemani? Now the Corona virus is their latest panic button that will turn out to be another dud
"If you have recently purchased Meth, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus... we will test it for free." 
Everyone tweeting about being on corona lockdown and stocking up for weeks without leaving home and I'm like "hmmm sounds like the last 5 years of farm living"
Shout-out to all the badasses in Vegas tonight tempting fate by drinking @corona. Legends live forever
Dan ran into @KurtSchlichter at #CPAC2020 “Kurt, wouldn’t you agree the Democrats on the corona virus have been the most disgusting thing ever?” 
Bill Gates' Pilbright Institute OWNS THE CORONA VIRUS PATENT!! He is making/releasing these pandemics then benefiting from the "cures". #WakeUpAmerica #WakeUptoMoney #deepfakes virus in the #chemtrails ? #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE
I have tried very hard to discern where  from, and it seems to be from a survey that simply asked whether beer drinkers would order a Corona right now. Thus, this 38 percent includes everyone who doesn't like Corona anyway.  …
Well, that settles it. I'll never drink a Corona Beer *or* look the rarefied gaseous envelope of the sun during an eclipse.
If anything coronavirus is making me want to drink Corona more. #ad
Has anyone thought if the corona virus pandemic is really bad in by November Trump will use that to try to postpone or cancel the election
#Umjolo should be suspended until this whole Corona shandis blows over  …
Going to drink Corona beer in a Chinese restaurant in Corona, Queens. I don’t give a fuck  …
Just got a heads up from a buddy in HR. He’s been instructed to freeze hiring. A new Corona protocol went into affect as well. 3M factory here is operating 24/7. Cant make a dent. Let’s see what the normies are up to? Oh, ok. Should probably let them know it’s not just airborne 
But corona virus is not sexually transmitted
Philosophers don't fear the Corona virus. We fear  political leaders who endanger the world.  …
Russia investigation is a hoax. Impeachment is a hoax. Corona virus is a hoax. Said that man who has 16 thousand documented lies. Does Donald know there are plans to put up a mortuary in Hyde Park tents like a plague, should that be necessary? He’s been to London to see the Queen
Trump says the Corona Virus is a "Hoax." Wow. I wonder if the families of the dead are buying that? #NoLeadership  #
Corona virus has been officially confirmed in Oregon. Now more than ever wash your hands, at home or in public. Yes I’m talking to you dude. 1/3 of the MF’s that walk into the restroom walk right out. Where the only water on their hands is that which was shaken off the tip
Man the supposed "38% of Americans have stopped drinking Corona beer because of coronavirus" poll was a really stupid poll  
The flu kills in 0.1% of all cases. Corona kills in 1% of all cases. Don’t let people tell u that corona isn’t more dangerous than the flu. Yes the flu has killed more, but at the rate corona has been around it will kill 10x more at the rate it’s going
Well it’s been fun everyone. Good run. The corona virus is within a 40 minute drive from me. Oregon is now infected an area outside Portland. Lake Oswego. Community spread case unknown origin
Yes, but they won’t drink Corona.  …
My Corona Don’t Panic-prepare!  via @zdoggmd
Good Start to the weekend, Dinner done :) Some Spicy , Pani Puri Vodka Shots and Corona. 
if i do contract the corona virus i would like to be quarantined in a pod where i can continue to build meaningful connections.
Probably because there are ACTUAL victims of the corona virus? #LearnToEquivalence
@corona I’m just trying to help you guys out #SponsorMe
All it took was Hailey opening a Corona with her teeth to rekindle her connection with Justin... men are so easily amused 
Adam Driver drinking Corona beer 
Let this be clear that I'm not a Beer Drinker God knows. But if you stop drinking something because of an approximation name to a virus you are an imbecile. And I mean an absolute idiot. Corona the drink has nothing to do with the virus morons. They must be Democrats
Corona virus case of unknown origin confirmed in Washington County, Oregon, the third such case in the US. Presumably there are many more that are unknown.  …
Now that Trump claims that the Corona Virus is a "Hoax" by Democrats, I assume he'll be holding his next campaign rally at the quarantine ward in California, and also paying a visit to Wuhan to make his next speech about his Chinese trade deal, right? #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
Am I the only one who’s 0% afraid of the corona virus? Lol
What a Deal! Kansas Sheriff Announces 'Free' Offer to Test Meth for Coronavirus The Sheriff Says: "If you have recently purchased meth locally, it may be contaminated with the Corona Virus." I Love It.!! #coronavirus #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
Mane you niggas is fucking five six people at one time and got the nerve to be talking about some God damn Corona Virus. Get the fuck out of here lol
oh all of you in indiana are scared of the corona virus? well jokes on you because we’re getting sent home & bringing it with us
This ridiculous last week (especially with Corona Virus) has reminded me of how much trauma the Millennial/GenZ/GenX tribe has had to endure. War. School shootings. The Great Recession. Student Loans. All we’ve ever wanted was a chance to make it. #NotMeUs #TrumpCrash
Trump banned China travel when the corona virus began. Report that.
I’m worried abt what will be the impact of corona virus to global economy.? It will be ripple effect. People will stop traveling which not only affect airlines but will also affect hotels, restaurants & other businesses. Days ahead will be tough. Goodluck!  …
I never like making predictions but @realDonaldTrump has done all he can to protect us from Corona virus in spite of dem obstruction. Now shameful dems seek to shake us down for $6billion over Corona virus. They have no souls and will use anything to gain power.  …
if u buy me a corona i can only assume ur trying to assassinate me
Licking the floor to build immunity against the Corona Virus – at 7-Eleven
Earlier today, we retweeted an article about how Coronavirus is affecting Corona sales. That article is filled with intentionally misleading information. Thanks to folks like @BrewersStats and @Yascha_Mounk for bringing that to our  …
Hey @Corona, I'll still drink you even if people think you're an illness.
Trump considers the Corona virus a hoax, making him a worse danger to the American people than the virus itself. Corona, sadly, will pale  He is a cancer on America, its people and everything it stands for.
I am disappointed that none of you interviewed me for your stories about that Corona/Coronavirus poll. My long-standing, public, pro-Corona position has been clear. (Looking at you  …
Trump is running his mouth and calling the corona virus a "Democrat hoax". Fortunately, Governors of both parties know he is full of shit and are treating the virus as a very real threat.  …
If I get Corona virus I hope I get Lyme disease too, because you can't have a Corona without Liiimmmeee!
Well, corona outbreak is not only because of our limited medical supplies, the Islamic regime believes in prayers and their Ideolody more than the medical practice. I wished for once, you people point at the real issue here.  …
What does an average doctor really think about the Corona Virus? It is no worse than your average flu, it is being used to attack President Trump because the Impeachment failed.  …
People are morons. No wonder the country is so F’d up. As I said before, if you think there’s a link between Corona beer and Coronavirus, you should not be allowed outside without supervision. H/T  …
Proudly enjoying a Corona Extra because the idea that the beer is connected to coronavirus is beyond stupid 
Lord, we don't deserve thy mercy, but we ask for it. In thy mercy, keep the Corona Virus from spreading in America. Heal the sick; save lives and save souls. Help Israel and America to develope a vaccine and or cure. We need thy Divine Intervention. In Jesus' Holy name, Amen.
A dog in Hong Kong tested positive for the corona virus. #CoronaVirusUpdates
You’ll all die from climate change unless you do what we say. — @TheDemocrats You’ll all die without health insurance unless you do what we say. — @TheDemocrats You’ll all die from corona virus unless you do what we say. — @TheDemocrats At this point, I’ll take my chances.
Holy crap! @jsnip4 didn’t your Penny lady say Corona fear escalates through April then is a non-issue in MAY? @RoadtoRoota @bensemchee @clif_high  …
How long will it take the MAGAt rally clown to connect corona virus .... to corona beer .... to Mexico .... to immigration .... to walls ....to Obama ...and finally to Hillary’s emails .... leading to his containment strategy requiring Rudy to find the missing Ukraine server?
We learned today that 38% of Americans won’t buy or drink Corona because they believe the drink has a connection with #coronavirus. This stupidity revolves around the 30% to 38% of Americans.
All roads lead to Soros..... especially the clinic in Wuhan responsible for the corona iris  …
mexico has corona and there's no wall wtf trump stop giving all my money to israel u fat orange rart stop proving everything i needed to know about this presidency republicans be like: western christian society may be dead but at least the darkies aren't smoking jazz cabbage xDDD
Corona Light Virus > Corona Virus. Complete BS they named it that. 
Corona Virus Stopped Ya From Eating Chinese Food But HIV Ain’t Stop Ya From Fuckin Raw
Just a friendly reminder to all the Corona virus preppers out there You  here. Anyway I'm pretty sure Wally has the plague so best stay away
Plenty of reasons to not drink Corona, this is not one of them.  …
BREAKING: Trump just called the Corona virus a "hoax" at his rally of morons in South Carolina. “They tried the impeachment hoax … this is their new hoax,” Trump shouted. Every media organization on the planet should ask Mike Pence if he too thinks it's a f*cking hoax
Buhach Wins 6-0 Kadon Floro: 5ip 0runs 5Ks Margarito Corona: 2-4 Double, Mesmerizing HR, 4 Rbi’s Next game is tomorrow at home against Sierra 
We have a brother who will not be joining us tonight because He got $2 tickets to a hockey game for him and his “girlfriend” Very sad to see a brother fall to soyitis. Getting bullied around by girl. SOYITIS is the really killer. Not CORONA. SGK
The sun's corona does not cause coronavirus either. Unfortunately this needs to trend.
Dealing with the Corona Virus  #Friday #CoronaVirus
The Left are so filled with #TDS, that they are working to destroy our country in order to prevent Trump from another term. Spread of Corona Virus Spead of diseases from homeless "Hopeful" Stock Market crash  a Socialist/Communist state #Trump2020
Is shitting violently 5 times in one day a symptom of the Corona Virus? Cause if so I’m fucked.
Has anyone made a joke yet about how “coronavirus” sounds like a euphemism for feeling sick after drinking too many Coronas? No one? Like, a silly way of describing a hangover? If you don’t get it, it might be a little too  Let me explain. So, a “corona” is
Jfc people, just the fact that we need to SAY that corona beer doesnt cause the coronavirus is cause for alarm.
Let me be clear, if offered one...I will never NOT drink a Corona. Even without a lime.
Omg what happens if you get COVID-19 AND Borrelia burgdorferi?? You'd have Corona with Lyme!!
I’ve heard this corona virus thing goes really well with lime disease
Best guess? Many of the people who think there's a connection between coronavirus & Corona beer are the same people who think pediatrics & pedophiles are the same thing. And they're Trump supporters. It's vital to outvote them to save the future. #VoteBlue2020
. @chuckschumer you are such a despicable liar ! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is doing fine taking care of the corona virus! It is such a shame you are politicizing an illness! Haven’t you learn ? You liberals just want to creat panic! #TrumpLandslideVictory2020 
I don’t understand this kind of thinking. I’m going to be drinking more Corona beer on the longshot hope that it acts as a COVID19 vaccine, making me immune to infection.  …
10:1 odds that a  in the next week about Trump making some kind of  about corona virus.
Oh yeah, I remember that, it was during the impeachment hearing. You tweeted about the corona virus 23 times in one day while you were supposed to be listening to evidence before casting your judgment. Unfortunately you ignored your duty and oath and decided to distract instead.
CNN is under fire for more “fake news” in a new story suggesting Americans are avoiding Corona beer due to the coronavirus outbreak.  …
the corona outbreak in korea right now is very alarming and the number of cases increases rapidly,, i hope everyone is safe and this will end soon :( pls stay safe, wear mask, stay in your house as much as possible.
Last week: "It's a hoax!" "It's liberal media hype." "It's totally under control." "Trump stopped corona virus!" This week: "Let's not bicker about whose fault it was. We love scientists now!  …
#DontLookAway His plan for solving the climate crisis is to allow the corona virus to kill off all the non-1%ers.  …
GDC is cancelled because of corona virus concerns.. and a month ago everyone thought I was crazy and over reacting for refusing to travel because of it welp
The #coronavirus Vaccine Will target people's Crown chakra CORona CROwn
Thinking about this song this paved the way for education about corona 
the media reporting on the spread of the corona virus 
It's a strain of a coronavirus. It is not The Corona Virus. Please educate yourself before you start spouting off conspiracy theories.
Check out our new BioRxiv paper using COVID19-hSyn-eNpHR3.0-YFP to reduce Corona consumption in rats.
Honestly it would make sense to me if Corona sales were increasing-- everyone's stocking up on bottled water.  …
Corona virus stopped y’all from eating Chinese food but aids didn’t stop y’all from fuckin raw
Once again Trump's statement about the Corona Virus proves how very deep is his lack of understanding and caring for or citizens
Someone better explain to him that this Corona virus pandemic is not a joke. This is very serious and millions of lives are on the line. An issue that Department of Homeland Security should take control over since it could also be used as a tool for terrorists. Let experts do job
These are the same people that think you catch #Coronavid19 by drinking Corona beer!  …
Confirmed not corona chan. They r running a few more things but they cleared him on that one. Thanks for yalls kind words. Serials. I hope all of u get the best stuff the world has to offer in your lives. Cheers
So glad you’re concerned with the corona virus in America. Sit down
38% of Americans won’t drink Corona beer. Can US get any stupider ? 
Bill Gates, YOU OWN THE CORONA VIRUS PATENT!!! stop lying. Pilbright Institute. #DeepState #GatesCoronaVirus #WWG1WGA #FakeNews @BillGates @BillOReilly @GregRubini @TheFive @ericbolling @LisaMei62 @realDonaldTrump @prayingmedic @TheLastRefuge2 @ROYALMRBADNEWS
Trump is currently at a rally in South Carolina slurring his words, calling Coronavirus a hoax, lying about 15 US victims & declaring himself victorious over this disease. Meanwhile a 3rd corona case has been reported  spread and the market is down 3000+ points.
I will now only drink corona in bars and hope it will keep people from talking to me.  …
Nothing sums up America better than Americans avoiding Corona beer to prevent catching a CoronaVirus.
#restart_opposition #restartleader #coronavirus #antivirus_corona  to the matrix  to wonderland 
Kinda wanna go to a bar full of tRump supporters and drink Corona all night and cough. 38 percent #coronabeer
I don’t  disinformation in an airport bar with @persily, but when I do it’s with a Corona. 
Berniefomercial about to start with Bernie Hayes. How will he spin corona virus to make it a win for Bernie because you know he will.
