I have never once downplayed the potential threat of corona, nor have I suggested anything other than personal caution. My hands are literally chapped. The only person who could infect my ailing wife is me, and I am going to extremes to avoid such a thing. But yes....
I’m a doctor In the (hopefully unlikely) event I catch corona and pass - I want part of my epitaph to read: DONALD TRUMP KILLED ME WITH HIS INCOMPETENCE
This corona shit getting serious and life too short man if we got beef or fell out I just wanna say fuck u from the bottom of my heart
Them: don’t go outside, it’s #corona season. Me: 
Just like every other world tour, the corona virus is avoiding Nova Scotia
STAGE 4 (cont'd): A friend's relative died yesterday of corona because they couldn't treat him. It's chaos, the system is collapsing. Coronavirus and the crisis it's provoking is all you hear about everywhere.
STAGE 4 (cont'd): That means that the elderly and trauma/stroke patients can't get treated because corona cases have priority. There's not enough resources for everybody so they have to be distributed for best  I wish I was joking but it's literally what has happened.
Yes, indeed: even before Corona, Italy's position was almost untenable. Now, with Corona, I predict that they will leave the euro - and perhaps, the EU. If they leave either, the EU will be doomed. And good riddance.
Corona came just when I was  a gym babe
Corona got me like 
What a game! Saint Louis was up 13 in the second half, but back-to-back-to-back 3's by @1DomoD helped the Bonnies rally back and advance, 83-82. We get VCU around 10:00 PM. BE THERE. Up next in the Corona Classic, Richmond and Davidson:  
In a matter of minutes yesterday @realDonaldTrump showed America how overmatched the Dems & the #FakeNewsMedia are, explaining his meticulous all  Corona Flu strategy and lifting America financially at the same time. Americans are safe!  …
How many cases are there in Texas? You don’t know? Why? You a little angry about not knowing what is facing your constituents? Oh, I forgot: The Republican controlled Senate is in recess during a pandemic and instead of passing the bill from the House you’re drinking Corona. Nice
college students sent home for corona rn: 
So far: The risk of catching Coronavirus and dying from it ... Is 100 times less Than catching the flu And dying from the flu. I predict there will be fewer than 100,000 deaths worldwide from Corona. Flu killed 3 quarters of a million in the past year alone. Corona is a scam.
We will be opening back up Monday! Amidst all the corona virus news we will still be open for our regular business hours. #RailsOverCorona
Human overreaction scares me more than the corona virus. THAT is where the threat is!
Corona going trying stop us for voting watch they on some bullshit
yass corona thinned out the gym crowds 
Okay, Corona Crazies, if you could not tell my 17-yr-old son that you're going to "beat his ass", at Cub Foods, while he's trying to do his job, that would be awesome. If it had been earlier, when I was at the store, you'd have had a much bigger problem on your hands. Calm down!
My sink exploded, my laundry machine quit working, fever won’t go away, most of the food got ruined. Im getting tested for Corona here in a few days or so thanks to a family member just  a firefighter. I can’t do this anymore guys. I really can’t.
Corona has reached Israeli prisons, where thousands of Palestinian political prisoners are held. A Palestinian prisoner in Ashkelon came into contact with an Israeli doctor who tested positive for the virus. Palestinians fear an outbreak in these jails. 
my mood this whole month cause of corona 
The fact of the matter is the weird beer outbreak of Corona is just a load of malarkey jack. Come on man. Here’s the deal. Big Donors. Big donors man, they’re great, it’s  on man, we got a load of malarkey to send the way of the jackoff maker of this trash beer. Thanks
ugh can nicki just release nm5 i dont want not sorry to be the last song i hear from nic before i die from corona
Slightly more toxic than corona 
Feel sorry for taxi drivers durin this corona pandemic they cunts must have the same conversation 30 times a shift
Microscope picture of the corona virus. 
Trump tested negative for Corona virus!!!
Back in January I was giving Diapers to Families in Need..And Now I'm in Need Of Help with Groceries for my Grandchildren. Schools Closed and my Work Hours have been cut due to the Corona Virus. Any Help is Appreciated..$elizalopez332..
I'm kinda coveting some artwork featuring ThatUmbrellaGuy dancing with Corona-Chan right now. "Umbrella upturned, they dance, narry a gasmask in sight." lol THAT would be kinda epic, lol.
here’s a distraction from all the corona talk ;) 
Did this mf really just pour a Corona into a whiskey glass??? AND rim it with a lime??? Smh  …
Prediction: Corona cases will double next week since all you bitches are still at your St. Patrick’s Day bar crawls
Corona: I'm here b* Schools: We closed.. Go home College Students: .. 
Senator, would you say it's safe to visit a local bar and have a Corona with lime? Or would you say the situation demands more urgency? Asking for a friend.
The irony of being a corona denier in orgy valley.  …
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out, can I?
Did the campaign manager of Bernie Sanders just blamed Climate Change for the Corona Virus? lol 
Ok corona stop playin w us im trying to go to prom
Here is the True leader #CM_Sindh_Murad_ALI_Shah MuradALIShah a real hero in #Sindh Who struggle for His Nation Who take action against corona virus. He is the one who care for his people he is the one in pakistan Who Made Committee At 10 Pm in night to protect his nation 1/2 
He was looking so pale as well I was almost sure he was Corona positive 
Oh the year was 2020 How I wish I was in a bubble now A letter from us to Corona V Nastiest thing we ever did see God damn you COV, we’ve hoarded enough Our shelves are cleared Because without a doubt Hear us shout You can't defeat us 'cause we've got Quarantine Chips & beer
the norwegian govt really had to threaten norwegians using the corona lock down to go to their cabins on holiday with the  to get them go back home lmao
President Trump tested Negative for the Corona virus. Democrats very unhappy.  …
Mar-a-Largo #TrumpMoronAVirus is a hotspot for the real Corona Virus outbreak Looks like the Party is over! Poor bastard  …
Corona has reached Israeli prisons, where thousands of Palestinian political prisoners are held. A Palestinian prisoner in Ashkelon came into contact with an Israeli doctor who tested positive for the virus. Palestinians fear an outbreak in these jails  
if a midget catches corona is it considered a coronita
corona had one fucking job  …
I'm self-isolating with corona-like symptoms. I've been so careful too! So far, I'm fine, but the symptoms start mild & get worse. I'm not concerned for myself, just very conscious of not spreading this further. I supposed if I'm gonna get this thing, best to get it out the way!
So my state (West Virginia) is the only state to not have the Corona Virus (so far) We have been surviving on creek water, pepperoni and cheese rolls, mud pies, moon shine and washing our hands to the tune of "Country Roads".
Yes, we all knew he was fine, media pushing stories of him being exposed to corona, just like with @tedcruz. This cracks me up, how differently they all word the same 
Episode 1056 Current Events Besides #CoronaVirus Yes! There are things going on in the world that are not about the Corona Virus You wouldn't know if if you turned on the news or the radio Podacst  YouTube  #LibertyFirst 
They say trump doesn’t have corona well whys he look like this 
Part of the reaction to the Corona virus is the mistrust of normally trusted institutions....this is the result of over a decade of lies at the political level and a refusal to have consequences for those lies.
How Bay niggas protect themselves from Corona 
european governments trying to stop the corona virus  …
Captain’s Corona Log: Day 2 1) White death outside = slow death inside. 2) Cancelled Disney in cold Indiana spring time = Disney trip in 1,000 degree July. 3) Son turned 10 today = where did the time go? These are bad equations. Note to self: Dislike math forever. 21 days to go
Shelley has not been delayed due to corona. We are on our internal schedule
Caroline polachek has corona omfggg nooo we can't lose her, we need another pang masterpiece album 
He is applauding medical officers for their sacrifice during this corona pandemic
corona.... i was rooting for you 
Public Service Announcement: I’ve been ill with corona symptoms for four days. I’ve used one loo roll since Monday. ONE. Put them back. Go on.  …
Trump testing negative for corona. I can’t have anything nice in my life. 
corona still ain’t as toxic as my ex
“Hope Hicks now involved in corona virus response.” Hope Hicks? Are you freaking kidding me? Hope freaking Hicks?
It seems you’re not allowed to make  on political matters (UNRELATED to the Corona virus!) until this whole pandemic nightmare has ceased. Apparently, Johnson and his government have to be given a free pass on all sorts of issues now... or so I’m being told.
“Don’t panic”? Honestly, Senator, go fuck yourself with that Corona bottle.
Bernie Sanders in livestream "fireside chat" says the Corona virus crisis is revealing truths about health care in America and people are seeing "the dysfunctionality and the stupidity and the irrationality of the current system"
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN THE HOUSE & LEAVE THESE PEOPLE ALONE
I would rather test positive for corona than pregnancy
India-wide Corona infections touch 100, Maharashtra has most cases 31 
One of my favourite headlines about the Corona Virus in Germany is how the participants of Big Brother have no idea what’s going on. They moved in on February 6 and haven’t had access to any news since then. And nobody is allowed to tell them.
The gays if corona was a white gay with abs. 
My  out ....I need to go to work me deh home too long ! Corona please go away 
bernie looks and sounds healthy, i am relieved. maybe corona only affects republicans
TRUMP JUST TESTED NEGATIVE FOR CORONA I HATE IT HERE
BREAKING: Wife of Spanish Prime Minister infected with Corona virus.
caroline polachek has corona virus now it’s personal 
Even at the epicenter of the #COVIDー19 Europe/France,people went to the streets,against Macron. Nem com a pandemia do Corona Virus Macron tem sossego 
PROTECT YOURSELF FROM CORONA - @ReneeYoungWWE as hand sanitizers. a clean 
Just read some article that really pissed me off about the corona virus and people taking advantage of other’s fear. Might be time for an angry video.
William Shakespeare wrote King Lear while quarantined from bubonic plague and everyone says he’s a “genius playwright”, but when I write King Lear while quarantined from corona everyone says “this is King Lear by Shakespeare”? Hypocrites
Corona or not! We was outside outside lastnight! Jouvert? You gwaan good bad #Coronaval #OutsideLikeDogHouse #UnuLucky #WeJamminStill 
Nothing much, just a little cure for my #Corona affected tl. #ChrisEvans 
How about I call people what I want? On my Twitter An if you don’t like it you f**k off, plus you obviously don’t get banter, do you honestly think I’d say take cbd for the corona virus  …
Good & important  from Kobanî. WHO donated material to test people for Corona virus. Sofar no cases yet there. Kobanî is also establishing a health center in Mishtenur where 50 people can be quarantained incase they get the disease.
You had ONE JOB CORONA!  …
on my way to fight ceo of corona 
the power of three will make us corona free 
All Americans will be covered by my #NationalDayOfPrayer! Whatever your "pre-existing conditions" or "Corona-like symptoms," you can always rely on Your Favorite President to offer you the same healthcare Jesus provided: MIRACLES!
Yeeeeesssss OTWOL is back good !! I can stay home no need to get out the house for corona virus na yan
lol jk it got postponed bcuz corona  …
We ain’t letting Corona ruin Fry 
“I never want the Corona virus to go away. We’re having the time of our lives.” That’s EXACTLY what Elizah said today after 24 hours of family activities together. I hear her loud and clear.  …
Netanyahu sparks privacy scare with move to track corona patients’ phones  …
goodnight everyone! love you all! you better sleep well and stay away from corona!! 
locked granny DOWN take that miss corona !! 
You would think that having spent a year planning Drag Ball the yt ppl would’ve at least extended an invitation to any of the  members to their “drag ball” party but from the pictures I saw I guess coloreds weren’t allowed. Miss Corona got y’all Jim Crowing huh?
BREAKING: Donald Trump's corona test, came out negative - not sick with the corona virus!
The Walls are protecting themselves from Corona #streetArt #Mural #Corona 
One positive that  from corona is that it will potentially reset society in a positive manner, and bring everyone together again. Community needs strengthening more than ever #coronavirus
Nicki Minaj predicted the corona virus Did it On Em- couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me ew Your Love- shawty imma tell you this once you the illest Warning- I popped the b top, like a corona Click Clack- murder them, murder them Rake It Up- brought the wraith to China
I'm going to take a little breathing time (so to speak) for a few days and see how things unfold. Tired of hearing about the killer corona. Time to seek the Lord more without hearing about it constantly. Blessings to all remnant believers.
trump just tested negative for corona, my prayers mustve went to the same god that let slavery happen
thank u for the advice queen! we all gotta do our best to stop miss corona 
If one more person asks if I have corona when I tell them I’m sick I’m gunna go insane I don’t leave my house who the fuck do u think gave me corona in buttfuck nowhere Saskatchewan use ur brain
No corona in Sierra Leone boy I’m due to just stay here and sell palm oil
anyone who drinks corona out of a glass is a serial killer and should be wheeled around on a hand truck like hannibal lecter  …
The Only man I'm certain will survive this Corona Virus outbreak. 
What? My friend just got laid off as a teacher and now her entire family is uninsured. How does offering a free corona test even begin to address the monumental danger her family is now in? ACA JUST SPIT OUT CHEAPEST QOUTE OF $1000 PER MONTH!!!!
BREAKING: Georgia follows Louisiana’s lead and postpones their elections due to the Corona virus outbreak.
I live in NYC. If it wasn’t for @NYCSanitation, you can forget the Corona virus because the whole city would be dead of the bubonic plague within a week. Thank you for what you do.
Friday: GES Director-General orders for all public activities including Speech and Prize Giving Day for all schools to be suspended until further notice due to corona Saturday: His orders are rubbished by a school because a minister was invited Are we serious at all?  …
romanticizing the current situation with the corona virus going around is not it 
In addition to the new Stargate content we are cooking up, GateWorld would love your help giving your fellow fans something to watch while quarantined! Let's hear your best Stargate Corona-Binge episode list! Five, 10, or 20 episodes, maybe stringing together a story arc ... /1
Our tour, like many others was cancelled due to the Corona Virus. This has left us with THOUSANDS of dollars worth merch debt. If you want to help support Bloodline while we sort through this, buying merch is the best way to do that. RT and thank you.  
| @TonyGoldwyn on IG: “Corona survival kit. Thanks to Jen from Atlanta for the gift! #scandalfans 
I TOLD MY COUSIN THAT TRUMP HAD THE CORONA VIRUS AND HE JUST TOLD EVERY PERSON AT THIS PARTY IM DEADDD LMFAOOOO
When will the leftist nut jobs start blaming Trump for “Voter Corona Suppression”...??  Liberalism is a mental disorder #Coronavid19 #coronavirus #SaturdayThoughts
The issue of elderly isolation and subsequent suicide is a grave one even without the black cloud of Corona.  months will be incredibly difficult for our old ass brothers and sisters, especially those who don’t live with family or in nursing homes. This has to be fought
Can we go back to the time when Corona was just a beer?
Under quarantine rn, i don’t have corona or nun but my barber fucked my shit up
Is 14 days enough for quarantine? Couple spends 3 weeks in the hospital and still tests positives. Early Symptoms Cough Fever Throat Headache "Early Symptoms of Corona Virus & dealing with the disease." 
I think I have the corona virus
Fvck you mother fvcking boot licking sycophant. God I hope Karma Corona licks your tonsils.  …
these people don’t know I cry and get corona every night cause raat corona
What the #MEDIA won't tell you is how many ppl have fully recovered! Stop acting out of fear. Sars & the Swine Flu had much greater death rates. #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic #Corona 
Is extreme boredom a symptom of corona virus? If so I got that shit.
Someone break my virginity. I can’t be killed by corona while I’m a virgin
if u live in longview and know THE smell, ur immune to the corona virus
Pls lets be serious in this kentry fir once we can't fight corona and this at the same time 
Trump needs a fall guy. When the testing is still insufficient next month & 100k people have corona, President ‘I don’t take responsibility at all’ won’t take responsibility yet again. You see Google told him they would fix it,& T is just too trusting of America’s   …
this corona virus better be gone by summer cus me and my friends got stuff to do
I see some people think the reason the death rate for Corona virus in Italy is so high is because they think they aren't testing many people. Veneto in Italy has done MOST tests in the world per capita. Death rate there is at 2.8% The death rate in Italy is very high.
Imagine if no one knew about the Corona Virus and the media didn’t blow it up... everyone infected would think they just had a mild case of the flu and no one would bat an eye.
corona dont stand a change aganist hannah doctortana 
Smooth sea never makes a good sailor It’s the turbulence that shows the real character Leadership of Government of India, airlifting it’s citizens from Wuhan to Milan shows its clear vision Congratulations on executing early on Corona crisis @USISPForum @DrSJaishankar @PMOIndia
It is extremely irresponsible of people to downplay this Corona virus. There is a reason countries all over the world are taking drastic measures. It is NOT "just the flu". Some people are in denial and are trying to downplay it as a coping mechanism. Don't.
dan and phil could catch corona 
Corona can stop the season but it can’t stop me workin 
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
If Corona > 0 Then Kill Corona; If Corona = 0 Then okay  …
Jared Kushner is still F***g the corona response up while he is controlling the whole OP. @VP is doing something else. Please someone anyone get this slumlord out of there please.
You really thought I wouldn’t make a song called Corona Virus Catch it, Bin it, Kill it! 
Private insurance vs #coronavirus - Corona wins #MedicareForAll vs #coronavirus -M4A wins Vote Bernie on Tuesday 
Gonna be streaming some rocket league with viewers/subs/followers/infected corona people/survivors/ etc. Here in like an hour or so, so if you wanna run some games be on twitch around 7 ish central time:)
EU open borders project is collapsing! 8 countries are CLOSING borders due to corona virus. - Norway - Denmark - Austria - Slovakia - Slovenia - Poland - Latvia - Czech Republic This is unprecedented time in history. RETWEET!  …
I was telling somebody today there int no secrets in Barbados. If somebody test positive for corona, the lab technician gine home and tell he woman, she gun tell she mother and she friends, then everybody know. So knowing bajans I dont think the government would bother to hide it
The news of a new born baby contracting the corona virus, has absolutely petrified me, I won’t lie. I’ve got a 19 month old and my missus is 13 weeks pregnant. Am I overreacting?
Trump, Kushner ways. It seems we are now learning Kushner’s brother will be selling US tax payers the Corona test kits as well?How much gauging do you expect ? Sticking it to US to help US?Was this the reason for delay in testing? In order to set up families profiteering?
ECG hear say the Corona virus no dey like heat norr boom dem take crab do soup Nbs heat adey feel rn
ligma was way worse than corona virus
What if those trunks Bey sent the clothes in are Corona proof? ...oh God, she protected who she wanted to. ...and I wasn’t included. 
Corona got me fucked up I gotta take drip pics from indoors 
the wife of the president of spain has corona i-
when u get the corona and quarantined for 14 days :/
asalamalaykum uncle with the corona virus going around i would like to marry your daughter so i can keep her safe in my home 
Congratulations Ontario we’re the corona virus capital of Canada 
We used to make plans for the weekend, now making plans after the corona outbreak.
Israel is tackling the Corona crisis all out: shutdown of all leisure businesses and activities throughout the country & calling on the public to “adopt a new way of life”. This is how Ben Gurion Airport looked today - feels almost like Yom Kippur came early... 
Because of the corona scare, all of their work is drying up and, for some, things are getting desperate. If they exit on a fan platform (our or any other), PLEASE consider helping them by subscribing and tipping them more than you would otherwise.
Recipients of social welfare payments are still forced to queue in social welfare offices and post offices putting both themselves and the staff in danger of contacting the Corona-19 virus.  …
Live footage from the UK govt writing their corona virus policy 
If corona doesn't enter you, can I? 
With all due respect to Dr. John Torres who reported on @NBCNews that there are not enough ICU beds for corona patients. The real problem is the shortage of RN’s caring for those patients. You can have all the beds available but you need the RNs!
2020 spring break corona edition 
Because of the Corona Virus Outbreak in Canada, I have been put out of work for a while. So I am   I work with primarily sci-fi themes but I am open to most work, DM me if interested. Lineart: $40 Base: $65 Shading: $80 Painted: $120+ 
stream the corona virus hits: toxic, work from home, the cure and hands to myself
how to stop corona virus. Really short but helpful video! 
just starting "Corona Solidarity Initiatives" Coronavirus Tech Handbook Open Source Ventilator Open-Source DIY Coronavirus Detection Test OpenCovid19 Initiative Project Open Air Wuhan2020  …
Me every time people ask to hang out with me since this Corona Virus has been going around 
If this isn't 3RACHA defeating corona virus 
#Beirut tonight (14/03) was eerily empty. Restaurants have to close. People effectively self-quarantining and Lebanon expects a state of emergency tomorrow. Pics from Hamra / Bliss Street and Mar Mkhayel. #Corona 
Peaches to Beaches? More like Corona to Coast
Has Tom Hanks ever mentioned anything about Corona?  …
can’t believe Abel is going to drop the cure for corona virus in 6 days  …
Imagine if #Corona would have started in India! Hindu Mahasabha's Chakrapani is not the only one who organized 'Cow Urine Party ' in Delhi to keep #CoronaVirus away, Ramdev suggests Ayurvedic medicine, Yogi Adityanath suggests Yoga, Modi's Ayush Ministry prescribes Homeopathy.
Not going to lie if my baby twins are born one month early with undeveloped lungs and Corona virus i will physically hurt people.  …
Can't imagine how I'll possibly spend two weeks indoors... #Corona #COVID #amreading #amwriting #WritingCommunity 
Soooo u telling me corona is just a teaser for a new slipknot album???  …
Nope. No Corona virus around here  – at Kennisis Lake
Corona virus ain’t got shit against the CHR!S V!RUS 
Can’t believe I found this corona ball in our house 
VR chat gonna thrive during the corona pandemic
So why are they postponing the Primaries in these States.?? Are we on the Verge of finding a cure for Corona.?? Not that i’ve heard Or is this just more of a scare tactic to feed into the Lefts hysteria.??
This is why SBC churches are reluctant to cancel gatherings for services. “We have not had a single case of Corona!”
How this tweet sounds with NVDA/Firefox:  … How to handwash? Use graphic clickable Soap and graphic clickable Splashing sweat symbol for at least 40 dash 60 seconds link number Safe Hands link number corona virus link number COVID19 link graphic Image link
EVEN CORONA WONT GO THERE. No coronavirus here: West Virginia last state without a positive COVID-19 test  …
im not gonna die of corona... im gonna die of loneliness
I just held in a cough bc I didn’t want my uber to think I had corona 
so y’all are telling me that australia cancelled every gathering with over 500 people because of corona EXCEPT SCHOOL?!!?!?!! 
A nigga with Corona spits in a sewer and it’s game over
Corona Virus be canceling everything except our bills .
corona virus ain’t stopping in New Orleans. Lol they still going up for st pattys day
Governments imposing digital surveillance on their citizens because of Corona freaks me all the way out. These "temporary" measures quickly  permanent, and with that another chunk of our freedom and privacy is taken from us.
Wow...this agnostic man told me he loved me after sharing the love of Christ. A read: This word of knowledge was powerful because clearly he’s a stranger and me telling him I knew his mother died shocked him and he  because he was worried about the Corona virus. 
We've had these kicking around since SARS. Get yours here:  … #corona 
Lord, I know everything has a reason. I’m praying for my country and for my fellow Filipinos to be safe from Corona virus #PrayForPhilippines
#DSTVMVCA Makhadzi and Dj Zintle made South Africa to forget about Corona for 2 minutes 
did jared finish reading his corona books yet
#Beirut at night in the time of #Corona. #COVID19 
“Corona Virish” partier in Chicago — happy Saint Patrick’s Day 
Thanks to the corona virus my holiday to America is now postponed till September (fingers crossed). I was supposed to be going in 31 days. I cannot wait for this to all be over so we can get back to some sort of normality
Pulling back up to work & school after the Corona Virus 
The same age group that put Boris in charge and voted for Brexit are the same ones suffering from Corona. But lemme sip on my lemsip.
when you're out buying supplies because of Corona and see someone with the last toilet paper 
FUCK the corona virus my ex was WAY more toxic
i honestly cant wait until this corona virus is over so i can travel around the world again, meeting my friends and seeing my band
Why Blk folks always change the name of a sickness or virus ... they changed high blood pressure to the pressure.. diabetes To the sugar sickness.. now Y’all done gave the Corona virus the name Rona like she’s a bad azz heffa 
Allergies + the corona epidemic yeaaa not a good mix 
So Corona is an upper respiratory thing and ... ppl buying all the.. toilet paper. And then ppl wonder why the Gov get away wit whatever they want.
I can’t stop any of you from going out but if you choose to, at very least spare us the “I’m not afraid of Corona” post with a picture of a Corona Beer. Consider what your “Corona Brunch” joke will look like in two weeks when we’ve got 100k confirmed cases
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
if they put us on lockdown for corona virus i'm gonna birth like 60 fanfics
If you spent your summers swimming here, you're immune to the corona virus 
I think calling the Corona Virus a Hoax, telling the American People that it was Contained and the rejecting the World Health Organization’s Test, while not having an alternative test to offer American’s adequate testing could qualify as Negligent Homicide. #WhereAreTheTests
 to get you, Beerbara!" #Corona 
Let me get this straight. The Corona crisis has people panic buying sanitizer and toilet paper (?), but hasn’t kept them from packing into bars like sardines? This is an embarrassment, America. #COVIDー19
The misinformation level is through the roof. In France, they did a protest; to manifest against the corona virus & how the gvt handled it. So. A public gathering, to ask the gvt to take measures. Such as forbidding those.  …
Corona isn’t King, Jesus is.
- two words - right - first word - huh huh - Drink? - no - Wine? - No! - Beer? - Name a brand! - Corona? - Yes! - okay second word. Bug? - no - germ? - no! - Virus? - Yes!! - Corona Virus? - Wow I’m impressed, and all you gotta do is wash you hands, wash your hands all the time
Niggas ain’t even getting sick AND we still getting time off. Sound like Corona is the 2020 candidate we neeeed 
#selfisolationgame #coronavirus #quarantine #Selfisolate #CoronaPanic #COVIDー19 #Corona * Avoid other people * Stay inside * Busy myself with reading / binge watching shows * Don't bother going to the store I have literally been preparing for this MY ENTIRE ADULT LIFE!!! 
Corona Virus Kickback (bring your own facemask ) 
How my hooyo pressing my sister about corona? 
After the Corona virus hysteria dies down, people that get caught doing this should be shot on sight. 
Dear @JohnCornyn - A) I happen to like Corona and will keep drinking it. B) More importantly, don’t you think you should be back in DC, DOING YOUR DAMN JOB and passing the bill we passed at 1am?!?!  …
Tear down this Berlin. #covid19deutschland #corona #berlin #COVIDー19 
Corona virus spreading through cash money , don’t worry a lotta y’all gone be straight
Listen y’all, once Tom Hanks emerges and sees his shadow or whatever this corona crap is going to calm down
For all of you wondering what you really should be stocking up on being quarantined at home with your significant other...  November we gonna have corona babies. 
I keep getting emails from very serious emails from very  about how they're making changes to adjust to corona virus but they seem to not understand IM FUCKING INVINCIBLE NIGGA
This woman’s big ass “support dog” just took a supportive shit in this lady seat ugh now a bitch gotta fight off corona and this smell
YO LIL' DONNIE I INFECTED MYSELF WITH CORONAVIRUS ON PURPOSE THEN I BOUGHT A SIX PACK OF CORONA BEER AND GAVE ONE TO THE MEXICAN GUY THAT MOWS MY LAWN BECAUSE I'M NOT A RACIST. HOW YOU LIKE THEM APPLES, EH? RESIGN NOW!  …
Can't Africa close it's damn boarders, every corona virus reported in this continent is through non Africans.
RATS! RATS! SO MANY RATS what a way to end the corona tour. #Morrissey you are everything 
Corona Virus ain’t nothing, my ex was more Toxic.
If a bunch of mandem from the hood have corona, are they considered coronums??? 
For anyone who doesn't understand, Gau Mutra is cow urine. Yes, they believe cow urine will protect them from the Corona  …
The Democratic Convention is over.....Get ready for massive corruption behind closed doors while we hid from Corona... #COVIDー19 #DNC
It’s striking the difference it attitudes of folks who’ve lived through major disasters (like Katrina) to those who haven’t when  to preparing for Corona. Prepare don’t panic people. It may get bad—real bad. But we will recover.
If you've ever been in the old Wellington football locker room, you're immune to the Corona Virus
Planet Earth: Corona Time (2020)  …
Q: What's the difference between the coronavirus and Brett Kavanaugh? A: Both have Corona(tm) in them, but only Kavanaugh was important enough for a Mitch McConnell appearance on Friday. ( #MoscowMitch dismissed the Senate so he could appear with Kavanaugh.)  
Dear Corona , Take the Tall mfks first Sincerely.... Short people
Told my son if he didn’t start washing his hands or using hand sanitizer more often he’d end up in the Corona quarantine chamber. Since then I’ve seen im hit the sanitizer a few times today 
The most patriotic thing someone could do right now -Finance production of medical masks -Start mailing them with nitrile gloves to corona hot spots -Include 2 postcards, instructing how to: A) Self isolate & #FlattenTheCurve B) Register and vote *safely* in your area
Fuck Corona, we sliding thru the brunch spot.  …
Do you know what’s worse than this strain of corona? The strain of being without you x 
Holy shit Donald Trump has been tested for corona and it's worse than I thought. He got turned into a pickle, he's now Pickle Trump.
When I sing happy birthday twice when washing my hands and catch aids instead of corona 
Me opening Twitter and seeing the corona panic again  …
Scientists: COVID-19 The world: Corona Virus The hood: The Rona Nigerians: Coro Coro
My aunt that works for ecisd said they had a meeting and might extend spring break for 2 more weeks due to corona virus but it has not been confirmed yet!!!
no jury n arrests in my city due to corona outbreak y’all know what that means 
Corona bi day bagn soleil 
buzzfeed be like 10 corona virus tweets that are just TOO relatable
I hope everyone that took merch rate from any band over the last month gets corona. Especially the ones that are also in bands.
We’re having guests over this afternoon and I plan to drink a corona every time someone says the word corona. I expect to be passed out in the bathtub 6 or 7 minutes after their arrival.
what has corona virus taken from u?
All of y’all saying “the corona virus doesn’t scare me” need to be educated. Focusing our attention on it & shutting down schools, etc. is to PREVENT a mass pandemic. It’s easily spread. It might not affect you very much, but to vulnerable populations it’s scary
glad i have the privilege that im an introvert who can work from home. it‘s never been more useful. i really feel for all the people who are struggling, losing their jobs etc due to this corona panic. genuinely hope there will be a solution to help everyone massively effected
Corona Virus is not an excuse to spread hate. #Coronavirus #Corona #COVID 
Simple question: Would you rather have corona when scientists have had some time to find reliable answers to this kind of question or when (as right now) extremely important hypotheses like this have neither been proven nor disproven? Flatten the curve.  …
I’m honestly petrified of this. Corona is making a mockery of our current society and government and it’s  We can bail out Wall Street but can give sick leave.. If folks can’t realIze we need a new way now, I’m afraid that they will never get it.
if i get the corona virus i got a list of people to see... talk shit get sick
me and my niggas hate corona virus
Client has flu like symptoms mother has suspected corona police still want to interview they will be wearing masks in interview!!! We have said no to sitting in that interview
All those whose wedding is postponed due to corona said pencil in their childhood!
Corona Virus Survival Time on Surfaces Plastic and Stainless Steel: At least 3 days Air: Upto 3 Hours Copper: 4 Hours Cardboard: 24 hours
Don’t forget your batteries ladies for the Great Corona Lockdown #ThingsYouShouldHoard
I don’t take the corona virus lightly. But I’m starting to think it’s scarier to go grocery shopping then to get the virus. People are wild out here!
So what a (hu)man gotta do? What a (hu)man gotta do? To not get covid-19? What a (hu)man gotta say? What a (hu)man gotta pray? To make sure corona virus stays away? 
Corona working overtime to remind me how single I am
Tightness in Chest, a Mild Cough and soreness in throat. I'm jittery, and my energy level is low. However, I have no fever. It can't be Corona, I'm just a gamer.
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October  via @gatewaypundit CHINESE HUMAN WESPONS...INFECTED WITH THE CORONA VIRUS HERE TO MAKE AMERICANS SICK...I KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO..
The idea that even in the backdrop of corona and all it is exposing about our status quo, voters are still not going to elect Bernie.
Day & night, the Israeli ministry of health is releasing detailed itineraries of *every single individual* diagnosed with #corona, so members of the public  heir paces. Its very impressive. 
corona virus: hehe i’m the bitch, everyone’s scared of me— perrie and alex: *having the time of their lives during lockdown* 
Weird how Corona only affects famous people, athletes, actors, actress, people who work for news shows on tv. Yet nobody i know or anyone they know knows anyone with corona. But the TV makes it seem like everyone has it lol not buying it
rappers making songs about corona virus think they are marketing geniuses
I Wanna Start A Gofundme Campaign Designed To Raise Money So People Can Get Corona Tests. Money Shouldn’t Be The Issue Here.
All   about taking a hit because of Corona virus, have been paying out lavish dividends to their shareholders for years. Now is the time for those shareholders to pay money back into the industry that has served them so well!
If my flight to LA next week gets cancelled I’m gonna pound a 12 pack of corona extra on god
Coronavirus: debunked myths and misconceptions. #science #scientists #corona #coronavirus #viruses #virology #covid_19 covid19 
no corona here queen shit 
Urgent The Pentagon announces many infections among US soldiers with the Corona virus
I produced a video explaining why people don't need to panic over the Corona Virus and YouTube demonized it and restricted it's distribution. Of course. Because @YouTube is run by morons. 
corona virus can’t kill me ‘cause I already died when this scene happened 
Tomorrow 8pm EST, Bernie and Biden will finally debate Bernie is the only candidate with the vision, fight, and working class solidarity to deal not just with the Corona pandemic but with the economic crisis that will follow. We’re all stuck at home, so watch the damn debate 
What if I die of corona virus and I never get to meet my crush @Jared_Carrabis
Yair Lapid &Yaalon oppose any talk of a national emergency govt:"Anyone who criticized us when we warned against turning Israel into Erdogan's Turkey should absorb Netanyahu's cynical exploitation of the #corona crisis for his personal political needs as a defendant before trial"  …
Stacy: OMG Jennifer, remember when we went out for yer bachelorette party during that corona beer virus thing and all our grandparents like, literally, died. Soooo cray cray. Narrator: And that day a millennial finally learned how to use the word “literally” correctly.
This staying in the house shit ain’t it. Corona has me not even wanting to be an introvert anymore. I’m bouta start overstaying my  soon as this shit passes. I can’t wait to be annoying.
I get it. Comedy clubs are staying open so they can continue to pay their bar and wait staff. But imagine getting corona because you went to see Jeremy Piven do stand up.
I need your lips on my neck rn, fuck corona
Started college with Donald trump in office and ending it with corona virus and  This whole experience has been traumatic and I want my tuition money back!!!!!!
In the midst of the Corona virus panic, I think it's super important to find some local penis.
Niki IGS “Awww thank you @mainedcm labyu! Natats ako ihhh ” M’s note: “Ate Niki, Corona kit made with love. Take care coz I care! ILY! ♡ Meng” M’s kit: 5 kinds of wipes (!), toilet seat cover, Off lotion, Hygienix soap, Cetaphil face wash, alcohol, emergency something 
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out... can I?
bc “YOU CANT TOUCH THIS” (getting the word out about corona)  …
Can't wait until this corona talk over. So tired of seeing it all on my social media
This corona virus has people being forced to stay home. Some are realizing they forgot how to bond with their kids embrace this time with your loved ones before things go back to “normal”
So uh do I risk getting corona by going to the barbershop?
Meanwhile at a local supermarket The morning delivery has arrived #auspol #ToiletPaperPanic #coronavirus #Australia #corona 
Until this corona virus is gone, please don’t touch me. You know what, don’t even breathe next to me
Corona’s worst fear is an E4 guardsman with a mop and a bucket full of undiluted pine sol
Seems most African countries reporting cases of corona viruses were all from Italian citizens who flew into their countries. Italy steadily distributingt this virus fairly. I guess u could call it the ITALIAN JOB.
so did y’alls schools get closed for the corona virus? mine is closed for a whole month lmaoo
Nadie: Yo: ITS CORONA TIMEE
CORONA VIRUS PRANK COMING SOON! 
This gonna be us during the corona toilet paper crisis 
The floor is corona virus.. SHATTA WALE 
Can't wait for the moment we found a vaccine for the Corona virus. People are gonne be see happy. Praying that  as soon as possible. I want this to end and everything goes back to normal. I will defenitely appriciate it more
Oh, you little silly one, silly one I need you to give me more time, Corona I need my mouth to run, run my mouth So I can tell some more lies, Corona I'm never gonna stop Give it up Such an cleaver mind I never F'k it up I've got the touch of a Stable Genius' Mind M-m-m-my Corona
If you own 5+ copies of soleslayer you’re immune to the corona virus
This is a time when our world needs to be united. It’s one of the very few times that nations — anywhere on the planet — have  enemy. Us vs #COVIDー19 Don’t let racism &  in the way of the social, medical, scientific, and economic fight against #Corona.
Is it true that the only way to find out for sure if you have corona virus is if you send a fresh stool to Downing Street for analysis.
If corona don’t get you can I ?
Meanwhile in the uk- business as usual. The corona virus doesn’t know our location- why are we still being told to send our kids to school etc? Who do we trust- our government or our instinct?
don’t go out tonight you might well risk your life there’s corona on the rise.  …
Y’all fw Asian food? Asian culture and inspired oriental pieces? into Asian women and men? got Asian friends? Ima need y’all to speak up and help call out racism and xenophobia. This corona virus is spreading quick but racism spreading quicker and It’s sick
I can't believe the first person that warn me about Corona Virus was @Crypto_Bitlord. Fucking OG.
These are 7 simple steps to protect yourself and others from Corona Virus. #COVIDー19 
Have been thinking about offering corona free farm stays (trademark pending) $300/night? Includes:  roll of toilet paper on arrival, seclusion from outside world. Other activities available after signing a waiver - motorbike riding, cow pats, chipping burrs.
Corona got till May Cause I have man to look summertime ok
Tonight, 7:30pm in the spirit of FDR, Bernie Sanders is doing a fireside chat on how we can face the corona virus together 
Ok what are we calling all these corona babies that are gonna be born in 9 months? Coronials? Quarantinos? Fuck trophies?
Y’all panicking about not getting infected by Corona?? I’m built different. 
THIS is how we wash our hands and beat Corona Virus Pls share for health purposes 
let’s stop talking about this corona virus girl and talk about me ??? 
While most people are off work to self-isolate, as a nurse I have the authority to go to work each day knowing that I may be in contact with and have to treat patients with the Corona Virus. Please think of your front line staff and stay in for atleast one weekend of the year
Athletes:This is a great movie you should all watch again during this break, but PLEASE do not start sandlot leagues with any spring sports team! Playing in a sandlot league or corona league while on a mandatory no contact period will lead to ineligibility. Let’s be SAFE & SMART! 
Well the Wuhan gets real... Lost 75% of our remaining clients due to lay off for Corona Virus for at least 3 - 6 weeks. Add that to the 40% we lost a few weeks ago to railroad blockades who haven't returned. In total we will be down over 80% Leaves us 15%. Small Biz in panic.
We’ve underappreciated the fact there’s a 2nd century saint known as St. Corona whose relics lie in Northern Italy and who is considered one of the patron saints of epidemics  …
...and just to think, while Mnuchin was cutting $$going to PEOPLE affected by the corona-virus, the Fed indirectly bought $1.5 TRILLION ($1,500 BILLION) in stocks to pump up stock market before trump's speech  …
Happy #PiDay and "try not to get the Corona Virus" Day (err, month?)! Hope y'all keep on keepin' on (Enjoy this as if I totally never posted it before) #LooneyTunesCartoons #DaffyDuck 
For undocumented people in NJ Corona Virus is paving the way for even deeper fascist policy. This was a message in the Anakbayan chat today from a kasama who is an immigration lawyer. (EDC is Elizabeth Detention Center) 
my crush caught corona but couldn’t catch feelings for me 
No one knows one! Not even corona patients know that they are one! #CoronaStressTest !? News ticker - #TPmystery still  …
Corona Calculus (CC) 1/20: The past few days have been overwhelming the world over–going from mild concerns to most places (work, school, shops) closing & interactions limited to remote ones. What is happening & what can we do?
Unsure if this is a symptom of the Corona but shopping centers are being overrun with teens doing tik tok videos in random planes. Mind you, they are not practicing social distancing. This may be the end of us all.
How many babies, conceived during the "stay at home" phase of this pandemic, will be named Corvid, Corvida, Corona or Corey?
If you’ve ever partied at the riddle house you’re immune to the corona virus
China tries to blame the US for Corona virus that THEY created! Just like the Democrats- blame your opponent for what you yourself have done! 
People praising a god that was developed in the middle east, hijacked by Europe and used as part of its colonial subjugation of Africa, in order to gloat about low numbers of Corona infection in Africa. They don't even qualify it by saying "thus far". Smh.
Simon takes credit for the polices Jacinda has put in place  the spread of the Corona virus.... Has it EVER happened before that a Woman has done all the work and a Male  along and tried to take the credit for it? #Rhetorical #nzpol #NationalNotFitToGovern
if anyone can keep us safe from the corona virus. it’s this woman 
Here’s Theo saying fuck that corona 
I FUCKIN LOVE THEOOOOOOO Yes! Indeed! FUCK THE CORONA!!! 
The way the corona virus pandemic is making me feel is TERRIBLE. It’s like I have this constant anxiety hanging over me and no matter how much I’m telling myself to wise up and not worry about it I actually cannot stop thinking the worst it’s terrifying just not knowing
ready for corona to mysteriously disappear like Ebola.
Here’s how my trip to Walmart during this Corona scare went... 
Lagarde’s corona blunder  … "Lagarde must learn the lesson that public and market faith in the central bank’s willingness to do “whatever it takes” is crucial." - Doesn't matter anymore: Lagarde is dead meat.
i survived march 15, 2015 and am alive during a one direction hiatus i am immune to the corona virus
just noticed that corona debuted in serbia chile my grandma needs to hide real quick  …
Imagine the corona virus goes away , and all of our favorite events go back on , and we all continue to wash our hands and have good hygiene and people stop being racist and everyone is happy and spreads love.
If Corona lives in the air for 5 hrs after an infected person exhales, what am I washing my hands for?
Just thought I would share something with all of you... Yesterday I had a conversation over the phone with an elderly lady (85yrs old with heart problems) who was terrified  into hospital for her clinic appointment because of the risk of being exposed to Corona virus.
If you’ve swam in Dylan Kuhn’s pool you’re immune to the corona virus
By far the best breakdown of the UK (and US) govt. strategies on the Corona virus. It's basically the viral analogy to globalism "shh shh shh, let it happen, you can't stop it. There there".  …
if the corona virus had a pussy ik some of you niggas would fuck it
Unfortunately due to the corona virus, the killing games have been suspended. We don't want anyone put in danger. 
lmfao flights to NY are $40 round trip right now ....... i planned my trip months ago at $500+ ms. corona has made some points
My trip to @EMUFB next week got cancelled due to corona virus, but the coaching staff made me feel better about having to miss it by showing me some love. Appreciate it! Looking forward to when we can reschedule. @Coach_Creighton @M__Piatkowski 
I'm surprised no one's written the hot hot take on how freaking out about Corona is a sign of white privilege because people of color and folks from developing countries and conflict zones have to live with the fear of being killed every day
 the spread of corona I am petitioning the powers that be to immediately release the following: Narcos: Mexico - season 3 Sucession - season 3 Justice League - The Snyder Cut You - season 3 Game of Thrones alternate finale RT to sign the  other requests
We're fighting Corona virus and you're telling me you didn't see your menses. Maame Serwa do you really care about this country ? #CONVID19
what my dad sends to the group chat during the corona outbreak 
Haitian women rather catch Corona than feelings
Egugun Corona be careful for naija E don happen 
just saw a tweet how rapunzel was quarantined in her tower, and the kingdom in tangled is called corona... 
My heart too... This is why I'm a proud British Muslim Islamic values inspiring this Muslim couple in Scotland to prepare 'Corona virus packages' & distribute them for FREE of charge to older people We are in this together That's how we  cohesion  …
This is 100% a lie. The bill originally proposed had abortion funding in it. What does abortion have to do with corona virus relief funding? Absolutely nothing. Be more diligent, be honest. Don’t be a partisan psychopath. You’re intentional dishonesty is disheartening.  …
With everyone being told to stay home, I predict a babyboom around Christmas time. 5 years from now we'll have a generation of girls named 'Corona' entering primary school.
Madrid tonight: Hundreds of people clapping from their windows to pay tribute to the Spanish doctors and nurses who are fighting against the Corona virus. Love to see how my hometown gets together for this fight! 
If you’re looking for a textbook example of panoptic asymmetry, here it is: A Big Brother season in Germany where the participants have not been told about corona and won’t be unless someone gets sick. It’s unbearably literal.  …
your second @has corona 
I have a case of Corona. :3 @PepperMuzz 
Whilst Ghanaians are Crying Over Corona Virus, @shattawalegh is Chilling with It 
We found the best corona virus video made so far  …
two bros chilling in a pool five feet apart cause they don’t wanna get corona virus  …
. @ProtecttheFaith Let us pray for these heroes who perished by the Corona virus. Diego, 46 years old and working in the emergency room.  …
Rather catch Corona virus than catch feelings for someone again.
If we survive corona 20’ I’ll ask my extremely out of my league social media crush out
ppl be staying in now bc of corona but i never left my room.. >.< 
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out, can I? 
I hope it's not Bernie Sanders who develops a Corona Vaccine because if so the news would never report on it
Did anyone think MiniMike & Steyer had a chance? Did they think so? Why would they spend 1.2 billion in advertisements w Libertard outlets in 3 months? Launder of $The DS made them Rich & when the DS is in trouble they need to pay up MSM needed $for Corona Hoax campaign  …
This corona virus situation is really showing people’s true colours man I feel like a lot of people are gonna have a lot less friends after u realise how selfish everyone is
(My corona test results just came in)
Dear Corona Virus Take These Mf Aries & Aquarius First
it’s corona time!!! everyone better be streaming “quarantine” by @BradPaisley 
#YEMEN We renew our request to humanitarian organizations Charities And popular campaigns To extend a helping hand to #Yemen To face. Corona Because of the #US blockade And unjust war Far from governments, we are brothers of one body, one nation, one 
#IRGC opens three field hospitals as #Iran fights #corona epidemic: Commander  …
Corona quarantine doesn't have to be boring shake that infected ass!  …
Finally: Annulment of the economy of gossip, financial forums, pointless entertainment, demise of the neoliberalist economy and false globalism. Only a #catastrophe can make  to our senses. Otherwise we don't hear the voice of reason. #Corona
Chuck Norris has tested positive for the corona virus. The virus has been quarantined for 21 days!!!
Kids and I are planning what we can do together inside & we’re starting a @hpsacredtext reading group, calling it Expecto Corona and starting on book 5 when Sirius is trapped in his house. First theme is “joy.”
corona be cancelling everything except my anxiety
Moe Factz 29 - "The Rona" -- Adam and Moe are two podcasters socially distanced from each other discussing the corona virus as only they can  
Dam can I just cough in peace without people assuming I have the corona virus. Y’all annoying
Love in the time of Corona 
We are doing our civic duty and self isolating, but still had a lunch date over FaceTime. Then out of NOWHERE @tacojoe_ pulls out a sword. Corona doesn’t stand a chance! 
VIRUS, VIRUS< VIRUS!!! And I'm not talking about CORONA!!! MORONAVIRUS!!!  …
No Corona Open concerns -- and no Oma flashbacks, either.
ECG says sekov corona virus dem start dey quench light..so that the virus won't see who to infect. them take do my hood yayaaaya
From the time CORONA VIRUS invaded Europe, USA & Asia, most of the terrorist activities in Africa, melted down. Who noticed that?
Even the #Corona coolers are empty 
Corona pandemic prepping list: new, expanded, annotated version (now with added humor):  … Includes health basics, anti-contagion food prep, working from home, stoicism books, morale treats, home exercise, bulk spices, home security, mylar bags, nasty 
Corona got ESPN in shambles  …
Funny how the Corona virus got here from China waaaay faster than anything I've ever ordered from the internet...
In the middle of the corona virus crisis, the Department of Welfare is forcing people to use the unlawful Public Services Card (PSC) to apply for supports. (cc  …
Senator, instead of making light of the situation, perhaps you can call on @senatemajldr to bring in your colleagues and pass #FamiliesFirst to get critical emergency resources to help  respond to #COVIDー19 This can’t wait for you to finish your “corona”!  …
As the world experiences a lockdown amidst the corona virus, it should remind us all the innocent people who have been living in a lockdown in the beautiful valley of Kashmir for over 6 months now. We hope and pray for their well being, safety and prosperity! 
I think the most humiliating way to contract corona would be to have someone fart it onto you
If the corona virus doesn’t take you out can I?
Giving everyone (*not some, not a few, all*) paid sick leave will improve the economy. There is probably no single step--besides free testing, more hospital capacity, and giving health care providers everything they need--better to stop the spread of Trump's corona-recession.
Dept. of the way we live now: fedex’d a mask to a pediatrician in the city because he’s doing testing for corona this week and doesn’t have one.
My tl supposed to be abt bangtwice and loona why do i only c corona tweets i hate it here
Made it to Georgia any way to see my sister.......Corona ain’t stopping nothing this way
People have stopped drinking Corona beer to avoid getting coronavirus. That's like not eating chicken to avoid chicken pox, or staying away from raider fan to avoid swine flu.
Alex doesn’t wanna chill tomorrow morning bcuz he thinks i have the corona virus. I hate it here
Be Careful JLovers #Corona 
Corona virus is being passed thru money, most u niggas gon be just fine
Unprecedented Israeli decision 2 contain corona by spying on its citizens who violate instruction to be quarantined at home. Police&health officials will use digital survailance a ShinBet&police technology reserved for criminals&terrorists. This because Israelis don’t obey orders
Dear Corona, go away, I’m tryna win some more Friday’s watching this kid DEAL  …
A few weeks ago: "It's just the flu!" Today: "It's just the elderly in Italy." In two weeks (maximum): "We are fu**ed." This arrogance  just blows my mind! It's absolutely insane! #corona #covid2019 #covid19 #coronaUSA #coronaEU #COVID_19uk #CoronaVirusUpdates
Since Corona virus became a global threat, other virus are not really happy. Now you can have sex without a condom HIV has resigned
Part (2/2)- Doctor's advice on corona.. #CoronaKoDhona #COVID2019 #COVID19india #coronavirusindia #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaOutbreak #Coronaindia 
I have a headache and I feel tired is it because A: i drank a single cup of water and have been awake for basically more than 29 hours with maybe an hour of sleep on a plane B: i have the corona. the doctors fro m ET are going  for me. i will never leave the fema camp
Me: at least my favorite offline activity, hiking, is still ok to do during the corona virus outbreak *sees rain in the forecast for the next two weeks* 
Hello internet  to game theory, let’s ignore the fact that this is an actual real world issue right now, and most people are suffering because of it, and ask “CoUld SaNs GeT the CoRonA VirUs???” 
literally the only thing that’ll make louisianians realize the severity of corona  …
wtf i love corona now  …
Anonymous Bites Back: Corona Virus Special March 14 with Lorenzo Di Stasi  …
Yes, Corona is making us realize that some things we thought impossible are worth doing. Working from home isn't necessarily one of them. As someone who works from home some of the time, it's actually very difficult, and I wouldn't necessarily  it for most people
Miss Corona said 
CORONA VIRUS CANT KEEP OUR LOYAL FANS AWAY!!! I love y’all so much 
corona virus update: maxed out on vitamin c, zinc, and Brain Force Plus. Cutting off both my hands later to avoid touching my face.
I dunno whether it’s my elder sister calling me for medical advice or my kid sister telling me her teeth is growing or my mum calling me to ask everything about corona cos she needs to educate her friends. I’m extremely grateful and can’t afford to fail them
Isn't his grandmother 100 years old and most susceptible to corona?
Corona lockdown = wallball time 
I am reliably informed that security cameras at Hosea Kutako airport have confirmed that this lady was indeed tested in accordance with the health protocols. We must avoid creating and distributing false stories about the Corona virus and efforts to fight it. 
Corona really got people acting crazy, I’m at work and I just seen a dude run out of the restroom with 4 rolls of toilet paper....
Low key high key high key high key actually shook that the dangers of the corona virus are so bad right now that I can’t go back home to Boston Tuesday like planned because the risk of my mom getting sick is WAY too high...Oklahoma I’m stayinggggg for longer
The more I think about it, the more I believe Corona Virus would’ve been a sick drag name
My coworker saying hi to me then telling me he’s had corona symptoms since Monday 
It’s crazy how we all thought the world was ending because of WWIII but then that kinda just quieted down and now it’s ending because of Corona instead. We’re 3 months in to 2020 and the world is ending for the second time?
How long till some random  up with a 'Corona-chan'?
Israeli PM band Israelis from going to the Gym until further notice so here’s a good solution all the way from Brazil #Corona 
If you’re worried about e-learning curriculum remember that corona IS our curriculum! Think about how you can support & encourage your Ss to take care of themselves at home in this unprecedented time #physically #mentalemotionally and #socially  …
Corona can’t stop uwi carnival #UWICarnival2020 If your not here right now then your life is sad. #ringroad #uwi @brush1chromatic @BloodlineFranco 
Ms. Corona is not stopping me from taking these trips 
distracting myself from corona virus by watching @GaryBarlow stacking it on 
Boban’s Corona game OT win over New Orleans Luka’s 40-pt Trip Dub vs. Spurs KP’s takeover while Luka was hurt Beating the Lakers  …
I'm tired of the globalist owned big media who is paid by big Pharma advertisements fanning the flames of the WUHAN Corona COVID-19 virus hysteria. On March 17, 2020 let's boycott all TV news media until they figure out that we are in charge. RT if you agree. #WWG1WGA 
If Corona is a 'Virus' den we have too many dangerous viruses in India 1. Rana Ayub 2. Barkha Dutt 3. Saba Naqbi 4. Swara Bhaskar 5. Ravish Kumar 6. Rajdeep Sardesai Corona may kill some people but d above viruses can destroy d entire country if we don't make antidotes!
Going to fight corona, whos with me? 
Today we learned the first fatality in the city from Corona virus was at Wyckoff Hospital in Bushwick. My condolences to the friends & family. Please consider the health & well being of the collective. Take what you need a grocery stores and try and stay home if you are able. 
Corona Virus is announced: Every Karen in America: 
Why are we worried about the Corona Virus when we literally have the cure right here 
Lets spread awareness instead of germs! Free to use :) Color in your fursona or whatever - it's free! Get the file here:  If you want to throw some coins at me:  (not required, but appreciated <3) Stay save #corona 
 back online and getting all my notifications, and updates about the corona virus, after at my grandmas place with no signal for a week. 
Which Smash character is most likely to have Corona 
Dr. Trotman on COVID-19: "We will beat Corona". Use social media to help get the message across. #COVID_19 #COVID19 
No case Corona case registered in Jamaica because of weed.
the corona virus was caused by bread i have no proof of this but i believe myself on hearsay and i have convinced you of this if you have any bread murder it
Me Roaming Around Without Mask & Sanitizer.. Meanwhile Corona :- 
BREAKING NEWS: Chuck Norris has been exposed to the #CoronaVirus. The Corona Virus is now in quarantine for 14 days. 
my dad’s logic el corona mabtedkholsh gesm mo2men
Found an almost guaranteed Corona Virus-free activity outside of the house- fulfilling Find A Grave photo requests. I got 8 done today.
Tbh the media is making people more afraid of the Corona Virus than they should be
How on earth is it going to take DAYS for Trump to get the result of his corona test when China is able to process a test in 4 hours?
While scientists sounded the alarm, Trump/Mulvaney called it a hoax. Trump said it would"just go away". Pompeo refused to say it was NOT a hoax in a congressional hearing, & called it the "Wuhan Virus" on FOX to spread xenophobia&"otherism". And, you&Cornyn post Corona beer pics.
Y’all don’t forget to pray for your barrel racing friends too. With 3 corona cartel mares, most days I’m pretty sure i have the highest risk of death.
Corona Virus and Taxi Drivers 
Jeremy Corbyn's Islington constituency has set up a taskforce to help the vulnerable & homeless during the corona pandemic. This is leadership. Now imagine the leadership we'd have if Corbyn was running the UK.  it with Boris Johnson's "take it on the chin" method.
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
Dear VCs and investors: To do your part in the fight against corona, don't *just* supply immediate capital  trying to #MakeVentilators, #BuildOxygenConcentrators, or manufacture test kits. Also invest  that remotely re-employ people quarantined at home!
Going to be so many corona babies with the ladies on cockdown
i just know a dad somewhere posted “i don’t have a case of corona, i have 3 ” on his Facebook
Chuck Norris has contracted the corona virus, the virus has been quarantined for two weeks.
#poll How would you rate Johnson government’s handling of Corona Virus ‘situation’? Please Like, Share, RT once Voted #COVIDー19 #coronavirus
This corona shit getting serious and life too short man if we got beef or fell out I just wanna say fuck u from the bottom of my heart
23. *May have been prepped with lime - what is the number one drink in the world served with lime? Corona. This article may very well have been telling people with this 13th underlined phrase what  What their "out" might be. But, it was @IQUQWEQ that had the answer.
Half of the workforce this Monday “Sorry boss I  in this week (cough cough) I think I got the Corona. 
these mfs better not have corona 
This corona virus hasn't just stopped the reggae. It has proscribed the handshake. Have a Sabbath stream!
Corona making sense for once...
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
I hope u get corona  …
How your body fights the Corona virus 
Tweet 1/6 Things NOT to do in event of Corona - Please avoid chants - I understand some people love the sound of their own voices but this WILL NOT WORK - 
How I imagine @AURORAmusic writing the best song in existence while in quarantine because of corona  …
Before Corona. .. "how dare the Government try and tell us what to do.. feck off, we're adults, we can think for ourselves... nanny state... " After Corona " why isn't the Government telling us what to do...? We can't be expected to think for ourselves and act like adults.."
Omashola is the new face of corona virus. I need to know this guys designer abeg #CoronaVirusUpdates #AMVCA7 #AMVCA2020 
Inspired by Corona Virus #AMVCA7 #AMVCA2020 
This app finna be hilarious if Trump Corona  back positive
jokes on you, i was avoiding people BEFORE the corona virus
Celebrities as hand sanitizers; a corona free thread 
If you own a shop and you need hand sanitizer in bulk purchase DM now let's do business 🖒 The thing make hot cake for town, corona virus is stupid
Mrs corona let me fly from Cali,to Phoenix, to Seattle, to San Fran then home this week. 
Im at a kickback (its hella ppl) my nigga made a toast, said “amidst this outbreak, at this point, if one of us got corona, we all got corona, im not above yal, nor am i beneath yal...lets drink” whole house went crazy
You know a queen when she makes waves even in her absence. Tacha wasn't there but everyone is tweeting about her, now that's THE CONTENT LORD serving enough pepper to cure corona. ALL HAIL THE QUEEN!!!! #TachaXAMVCA7 #TachaXAMVCA #AMVCA7 
How are you a sitting fucking Senator on RECESS drinking a corona telling folks not to panic as a bill sits waiting for these m’fuckas  back to work and pass it. The tone deafness is maddening. THIS AINT A FUCKING GAME.
Nobody: Corona Virus:  …
Part (1/2)- Got a video msg tonight. A great advice given by this doctor on corona virus. I hope confusion will get cleared among people. Stay safe guys #CoronaKoDhona #Coronaindia #coronavirusindia #COVID19india #COVID2019 #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates 
The Corona virus is a distraction from something. We didn’t shut everything down for the flu when we had massive outbreaks of it. What do you think is going on??
the world is literally ending but am i gonna make jokes about it?? yeah, here’s my new grindr account. i am no longer tim, i am corona. 
“ if corona doesn’t take u out, can i? ” 
The dead/dying won’t be able to enjoy your snark, will they? Dr’s, nurses, 1st responders, all other healthcare workers, residents of nursing homes & the rest of us are worrying about family/coworkers/neighbors/etc health, safety, livelihood & mental health. @JohnCornyn #corona
God I know this is gonna piss some people off but I’m sweating for just 5 minutes for people to shut the fuck up about corona like yes it’s scary and I’m terrified too but have yous nothing else to fucking talk about gimme a break please I’m losing my mind lads
Sarnia girls are immune to corona virus they have survived YEARS of incredibly toxic men here
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES PPL ALONE
I think I have a better chance at getting the corona virus than a text back
Cleaned my boys rooms today and contacted the CDC and WHO, cause I’m pretty sure I found the cure for Corona Virus.
Do you personally know anyone with the corona virus? If you answer is  where you are from.
what’s the most  that’s sent you an email about corona i got one from a credit union that financed a car i had like 15 years ago
can corona quit being rude so i can go back to LA with my friends i miss it there
Coulda rain or shine! Corona or Swine! UWI carnival haffi take on!!
my teammate found out today he wouldn’t practice any more this year because of corona. An hour later this man had tickets to Miami. SMH This spring break will probably be known as “hot boy week” and I want no parts.  …
If we talked about Jesus as much as corona the world would be saved! #justathought
Finally got my corona virus mask in the mail 
Signs that we are ruled by EU idiots: Rumors circulating that ibuprofen would worsen a corona condition. French health minister shares the information on twitter. Media and experts say it's fake news & was circulating as a fake study by the university of Vienna.  …
UPDATE live corona charts 1. SP 106 (=) 2. RJ 22 (=) 3. DF 8 (=) 4. PE 7 [+5] (+6) 5. BA 7 (-1) 6. RS 6 (-1) 7. PR 6 (-1) 8. SC 5 (-1) 9. GO 4 (-1) 10. MG 4 (-1) 11. MS 2 [=] 12. ES 2 (-1) 13. AM 1 (-1) 14. RN 1 (-1) 15. AL 1 (-1) pure sales: 182 
It’s 2020 and Corona has started influencing fashion. These outfits are enough to chase the virus away from Nigeria. #AMVCA7 
CREATIVE FREELANCERS EFFECTED BY CORONA. AND/OR PEOPLE TRAPPED AT HOME, WANTING TO LEARN ———-  this short survey. Please share it generously. Testing an idea to earn a hard  some ££ over these difficult times. 
corona is so bad guys, we have to stop it! 
MAYBE if corona did this 
Wake me up, when Corona ends
I think the WiFi caught corona
At the end of the day, corona (COVID-19) it’s just a virus. And everything will go back to normal Inshallah, but what’s happening is a lesson to humanity, despite the advanced technology. Allah ﷻ is able to stop the world with a virus.. Know your size and remember Allah ﷻ power
Ronna Romney aka Ronna Corona who also supported Trump calling the virus a media hoax has been tested for the virus. MAGAts if you are listening, guess it isn't a hoax after all!
Look at what Facebook done named Corona 
Pray for the world ... Corona pandemic isn't a joke ... Please, stay safe my friends ... #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #coronapandemic 
Corona aint gonna stop this reading  – at Uncle Bobbie’s Books & Cafe
RING ROAD LIITTT RN!! ME GLAD ME COME OUT COME SEE DIS Corona who?? #UWICarnival2020
Lastly, the outbreak is well and truly centered in a neighborhood in Queens named "Corona". You just can't make this shit up. 
My last pictures from this dorm since some girl name corona wanna kick us out for the remainder of the semester. 
My girlfriend works as a nurse at NYC’s Lenox Hill Hospital on 77th and Lexington on the Upper East Side. She is on her feet 12 hours a day since Corona hit. Shout out to all the doctors and nurses taking care of all the patients stricken by this pandemic
Dec-20 to March-21 1 - Baby boom of the Corona Kids at the same time 2 - Divorce boom of the corona couples after spending 24/7 together 3 - Travel boom by those not falling into the first category 4 - A boom of book queries or self-published book releases What did I forget?
type “corona is in my” and let your keyboard expose you 
Brutal India locked down Kashmiris The whole world remains a silent spectacle Today Allah has locked down the entire world Almost every country is affected by Corona but no one in Kashmir has Corona. ( copied ) #KashmirLockdown
My boyfriend has been exposed to corona so now we are both having to self isolate for the foreseeable future 
Surely most reasonable people seethat this Corona media induced havoc is an effort to destroy Trump and this country Globalist run our news media.They own our politicians.Their agenda is clear the NWO. No middle class. Socialism Open borders.Turn off the propaganda.Start yelling
Bye Coachella abs, it’s about these Corona Curves now.  …
Mental health is very important these days especially for elder people ... They have the right to health: mental and physical... #Corona #right_to_health 
You’re stuck with Corona Virus and your 4th @is who you’re quarantined with. How you feelin?
The only way to stop Corona virus from spreading in Ghana is to just fart When someone is showing symptoms just fart at the person the virus will die
GLASS HALF FULL?: This plague does create an opening — a disruption, an unexpected opportunity to break out of the trance of modern life: “How Sicilians deal with the quarantine” #coronapocalypse #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaOutbreak #corona  …
The Palestinian people are in solidarity with the peoples of the world in their war against the dreaded Corona virus. I wish you all safety #CoronaVirusUpdates #VIRUS_CORONA 
Hear me out, Corona was created by the  so that Dj’s are now forced to make new music
Chinese=corona has always been a distraction, but now because of these racial blind spots (the disease epicenter is now Europe) and the possibility of secondary spread, we need to get serious about social distancing from all people, with no calculations about perceived origin.
Straight up no one in Culver City cares about corona.
These unbelievable satellite images show just how much corona is slowing industry, massively reducing carbon emissions.  …
Spare us the "corona" joke as well.
Partying with the corona virus be like 
A lot of chat today about approach govt is taking over when to push button on more drastic actions to confront corona virus -Of course there is controversy, but this is a v punter friendly explanation of what their scientists are trying to do,worth a watch  …
Whilst I do think it's important to stay aware of the Corona Virus and keep updated please be mindful that there are those out on Twitter that suffer with genuine health anxieties. I'm sending you a virtual cuddle 
Corona got us quarantined but we still GET LOOSE 
Trudeau is proud Canada is one of the last countries in the world allowing thousands of visitors every day from Corona infected countries  …
This pictures says it very well- “the one who stayed away saved the rest”! It’s a pandemic, and the corona virus is something that should be taking seriously. Follow the instructions that are set by the authorities. This is about protecting our elders and our weakest. Be smart 
In the house like this during the bad weather & corona 
how the corona virus gonna get Wayne students, it doesn’t have a OneCard and it needs a guest pass to get in.....just something to think about
Overseas Pakistani foundation has arranged food for travellers stranded at Islamabad Airport on the directions of @sayedzbukhari This is how you take care of your people in testing times. So far we are managing Corona outbreak quite well on all fronts. 
Makhadzi's energy can defeat Corona. 
do you know anyone who has corona? 
illinois state hype video. forget about corona. roll birds. 
I typically wish no ill on any human being, but my reaction to the thought of Trump possibly being infected by the Corona virus makes me look at myself in mild horror
I like how  on ESPN+ are just reminding me of things I can’t do during this corona pandemic. #UFCBrasilia
we caught corona but we’re too shy to tell anybody 
China & South Korea have corona-virus "controlled" ..11 and 107 cases reported today down from 1,000s reported daily weeks ago. Korea tested, treated, and instructed/required social distancing early. Trump told his people to "bury it'. Now families are burying loved ones.
Remember how much  about 2019 sucking? And then 2020 busts in like, "Here .... hold my Corona"
#Israel's attorney general granted PM Netanyahu's request to enable to police to electronically survey the cellphones of anyone tested for #corona. 
This Corona Virus has not only sparked widespread panic and hysteria... But it has really brought the ignorant and racist sides out of a lot of you. This is not the CHINESE corona virus and it is ignorant to be afraid of all Asian people. Y’all stupid.
do y’all remember when tamu had corona first
What WONT corona take from us???? 
With my Scottish #booktour events all cancelled I am marooned at home eating out of the freezer: Xmas pudding in March. #TheVegetarianKitchen #corona 
Corona Virus US cases: 938 US deaths: 29. H1N1 Virus US Cases: 60.8 MILLION US Deaths: 22,469. What makes Coronavirus special enough for this hysteria?
Corona Lashay Da’Virus GET YO MOTHERFCKIN ASS IN DA HOUSE & LEAVE DES People ALONE
Quarantine party at my house! We’re wearing face masks, drinking corona, and watching Contagion
first breath after corona
The I: UKGov to give police in England new powers: 1. Detain people suspected of being infected of Corona virus 2. Force schools to remain open if they're closed by staff 3. Close ports to ensure border staff do not contract Corona virus  …
fk corona, only thing im trying to catch is your attention
The Corona Virus is just another false flag orchestrated by those in power to further strip us of our civil liberties. They want us all isolated and cut off from human contact with no choice but to concede to a life governed by AI. #TotalControl
I just feel like all of this Corona stuff was planned by the gov, big pharma, & billionaires... but hey what do I know
HBO needs to make this Corona docu-series happen  …
Corona time 
every time i click into a positive story about an asian country successfully testing, treating, or containing corona, it’s filled with racist replies. look at what is is happening in your own country and worry about yourself ???????
thinking about how the corona isolation babies will be born in december and the world will get a surge of new sagittarius babies
somebody needa catch corona in the prison so they can shut it down and free my bros
online classes during corona virus are boring but look how cute my classmate is 
Batman stans about to find the cure for Corona virus just so they  about the new film  …
It bothers me that everyone is like “the concert is gonna het cancelled!” Because corona, the concert is in july & well it’s march. Corona literally died down in china & is not that great with good weather so can the fuss stop?
Let's brush our #RE/ #reversing skill at home during #corona #isolation by learning to analyze "Another #Mirai #FBOT pushed #ELF #ARM stripped #malware loader "echo type" w/ #MalwareMustDie! on @radareorg For those who's isolated, pls hang in there! URL:  
You ain’t gotta go to a restaurant for brunch and risk corona just book me 
Y’all remember when Titanic was sinking and the band was still playing? Here’s H-E-B version of it while people are freaking out over the corona virus Schertz, TX 
True story. I had the flu back during the holidays, lasted all in nearly a friggin month. Keep in mind last time I was sick worth talking about was 4 or 5 years prior. Something nasty hit me and my family this year. Long before Corona Virus was a thing.
Due to corona virus my summer body had been postponed for 2021 thank you all for your patience
i legal changed my name to Corona Virus yesterday  …
searching for a cure for corona with 
corona virus when it first sparked up and everyone said it wasn’t a problem 
The corona virus sounds just like the flu, though flu kills people of all ages. Nothing we could do about the flu, so what's the big deal all the sudden? The elections maybe?  …
Corona Virus hits and all the sudden the practice space finally has some damn soap.
Thanks Simon, since I called them out it seems it’s opening up again but this is very scary. The Fascist state may be around the corner on the coat tails of Corona. We must prevent this . Peace and love  …
I went to the grocery store today. I heard someone yell at me from a car. An elderly woman explained to me, nearly in tears that she was afraid to go in the store bc of corona virus. She asked if I could buy her groceries if she gave me 100$. I said sure & dipped. free cash lmao
No corona case in jamaica! are you thinkin' what am thinkin'?!
CORONA WHO?? 
So far this year the number of deaths globally is 273,800. Makes you think doesn't. And you can add another million with life changing damage to their bodies. Corona Virus is a mere 5,814 fatalities year to date. Yet we so often treat road casualties as mere "accidents".
Infinite blessings to the big homie @FaboGeek What a legendary night for Dallas. Showed so much love he didnt have to. Risked flying here despite the Corona ban. Skated with us. Gave the greatest show ever. Still came to kick it at the afterparty! #FubuPalooza 
If you want to identify the real problem in this mess, it's behavior driven by fear. Fearful thinking. Fearful actions. There's people sitting on mountains of toilet paper, food, etc while some are without. We are the virus. Not corona.
Mickey kicking in the ass the corona virus 
A great ALL-NEW @talkingfedspod in the works for Monday. @NatashaBertrand @juliettekayyem @matthewamiller go into the nitty-gritty of Corona -- why the testing problems, what containment strategy , WH failures, much more; then analyze the politics of the virus for the Pres race.
Corona Fest? Y’all crazy !!...see you there
"this corona stuff is so crazy...its got me thinking how crazy it is we havent talked in so long. hope you had a chance to vote, you dont need to respond, just figured id say hey" 
Corona virus has no chance now. 
The corona virus and the fear surrounding it has really revealed the ugliest side of people. I really hate it, it’s hella disheartening and scary. 
So you're telling me AIESEC people are forced to have a personality of their own now that gatherings are dangerous? Corona really a philanthropist queen
update: i was diagnosed with corona virus last night. i'm so scared i don't want to  a static. trying my best to stay positive.  …
This corona virus got African parent paranoia on a all time high.
Nancy Pelosi trying time throw abortion funding in the package to treat corona
Do you know anyone personally that has been confirmed with Corona Virus? Please vote and RT.
Corona virus ad rain aside, at least there‘s MJ on the radio #mutewho 
I wanted to put a post together to for my Twitter friends to encourage you all to do your best not to worry or feel the F.E.A.R (False Emotion Appearing Real) about the Corona Virus...this shall soon pass. Enjoy the video. Special thanks to Dr Joe Vitali 
Her: “Come Over” Me: “No I’m Scared Of Corona Virus” Her:”My Parents Are In Quarantine” Me: 
A case of Corona Virus #COVID_19 is reportedly suspected in ESUTH parklane, Enugu. The likely symptoms was said to be found in a 70yr old woman few hours ago. @NCDCgov, kindly investigate this and swing into action to tame the spread. Health is wealth!
Corona Virus is just dress rehearsal for climate change. Buckle up folks!
HOW TO TEST YOURSELF FOR CORONA VIRUS INFECTION A SIMPLE TEST!!! DRINK WATER EVERY 15 MIN. IT WILL WASH ANY GERMS INTO YOUR STOMACH TO BE KILLED BY THE STOMACH ACID 
ion even drink corona wtf 
corona not catching me no thanks 
Not often he gets a Saturday night off so we just had to go out!!! Isn’t that right @Taff2520 !! And he has the anti-Serum to sort all our problems out!! #Corona 
*Corona Virus Whatsapp Line* Save number below and send any question Coronavirus. 0600123456.
Corona Virus has given Omashola’s designer Inspiration . What do you think? Yes or No? #AMVCA7 
I am going to spend the day attempting to figure out who the Corona Virus Bill actually helps? Is this paid sick leave ‘for those who want it?’ It’s ridiculous & not acceptable unless we have sick leave for all, no ex exceptions #COVID19  …
I was looking forward to SENIOR prom & graduation but corona gotta fuck it up.
Don’t let this corona shit distract u from the fact that i soon drop lol
As a face-touching hugger who hates to be alone, doesn’t grocery shop and can’t cook, all of this is honestly going to be tough for me #corona #coronavirus
#Corona #Clear #Charminar @hydcitypolice clears late night visitors and tourists around #Charminar, #Hyderabad. #CoronaVirus 
Hi everyone. I know we're all having our various struggles with the corona virus. Here's a little something, to help take your minds off things in  weeks. Here's almost every episode of the AJW Classics series. Enjoy!  …
One pandemic and the worst of human nature emerges: greed, fear, selfishness, violence (all the stores in my neighbourhood all have extra security now), unkindness. You see it especially today, Saturday, when Corona panic meets regular needless German weekend panic-shopping.
We are rightly concerned about the impact of Corona on our older population. I also want to stress how big of an impact this crisis has on a wider front- particularly if we move to lockdown mode- on very vulnerable young people also.
With March and April pretty much cancelled..................the next holiday is.........................Cinco de Mayo, sponsored by Corona!
When the Corona Virus hits 
The @GOPChairwoman has been one of the most vulgar advocates for downplaying the Corona virus. I’m not celebrating her illness. I do however point out the irony that one of the most ridiculous con artists and liars defending @realDonaldTrump is now  …
No one: Absolutely no one: Not even corona: Me: wHo JoRdEN aGAin?
Saw someone coughing in a music clip from 5 years ago, my brain went "Corona ?"
my mom sneezed and I shouted corona and I got slapped
Due to the concerns about the spread of corona virus, many  are advising that drivers will start working from home in the worst his uk areas. 
Someone asked today; if Corona Virus wasn't a pandemic, these politicians would just fly their families to safe countries and leave us behind?
Me thinking about corona virus infecting the nation and crashing the economy: how can I make this about me?
Corona has sent a bigger message...humanity is a “We” and not a “Me”. Think! 
People fighting for toiletpaper it’s this bad, today I was in the supermarket I forgot to make a video the people had bought off everything, the food section was empty #CoronaVirusDE #coronavirusdeutschland #coronadeutschland #CoronaOutbreak #panicshopping #Corona 
My guy just got home brought out bread and started eating without washing his hands After like three bite he finally realized corona virus is out. Man started praying for his life!!
FOX News is a fucking trip right now. Without skipping a beat they moved from "Corona is a liberal hoax to try and undermine the president" to "Corona is very real but some people are politicizing it and also thank you Trump for saving us all."
corona virus can kiss my ass 
Beijing’s celebration of its corona aid program is shameless propaganda. But the thing is, the Chinese actually have things to crow about & both Europe & the US really need help! Even more than China's stimulus of 2008 this seems like a turning point, at least symbolically.  …
#Breaking: Israeli public health authorities  gatherings of no more than 10 #corona
Corona, Arizona, aunt Nora, idc toilet paper in fo 
Live look at my immune system fighting the CORONA VIRUS #Dawgnation 
I killed corona 
I just walked through lapaz market and nobody held my hand to show me any "jeans tra". Hope the positive Corona impact remains after its gone.
When a 6th year corona senior gets buzzed up & in next year 
any of you lot got corona yet?
Relationships are being made or broken right now like do you like me enough to quarantine w me yes or no #corona #coronavirus
History of Corona Virus In the year 1894, there was a russian scientist named povandolakagirjur kintyaionshiyo. Why did you skip the name? I will not going to tell story anymore. I can't deal with lazy people. It's your fault!
Everybody that’s traveling keep saying “this not a cheap corona trip. We been paid for this” okay y’all want a fxckin cookie ? IDC if it was a buddy pass just enjoy yourself.
no line at in n out? this the best thing  out of the corona virus
“When I.. send pestilence [corona] among my people, if my people.. humble themselves & pray &.. turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven.. & heal their land” ~ 2 Chr 7:13-14 (ESV) P[Q]TUS KNOWS  …
Does anyone even know anyone infected by the corona virus?
Silent Hero of Pakistan the son of soul who is working day and night fighting Corona Wave. Should be appreciated! CM 
CNN Jim Acosta Claims saying "Wuhan Corona Virus" "China Corona Virus" is Racist & Xenophobic. So I did 2 Minutes of Actual Journalism. I Searched "CNN Wuhan Corona Virus" & This is what I Found CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN all refered to it as "Wuhan or China Corona Virus" 
If you have ever been here, you are automatically immune to Corona 
I can't wait for breaking news like this... Uganda reports first case of Corona virus, and nearby locals all gathered to witness it's arrival
If met gala gets cancelled, wont even mind getting corona bc theres nothing worth living for 
[West Coast Best Coast & ALL #PhysEd Community Members] Tuesday, March 17th at 5pm PST your #ESPEchat crew will be tag teaming the chat with questions inspired by many of our new situations with #remotelearning due to the novel corona virus update 
Someone tell her team the corona virus is a physical virus not  virus  …
Listen, you're not going to get Coronavirus from Corona beer. You will definitely get a tribal tattoo though.
I’m waiting on someone to cross me with some corona/asian talk to I can have an excuse to rock a jaw clean off someone’s face... Don’t do it.
Enjoyed a fun social event today on @_CPOnline ! Sign up today and interact with friends while in isolation during the Corona outbreak. Club Penguin Online is a Corona FREE Zone! #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusIreland 
Corona virus can SUCK IT. Nothing and I mean NOTHING gonna stop us from having fun and living our lives. So something fun today guys @thedanfeuerriegel 
deadass got corona virus fucking around in Atlanta 
Corona pro tip: Make Chinese dumplings. Buy frozen dumpling skin & spices. Almost any vegetable, egg or meat will work as filling, so can work with whatever's available in your store. You can make hundreds & freeze them. They are nutritious & never get boring. 
What ever [they] had planned for the corona - - - [virus] will boomerang BIGLY.
So Corona virus has tested positive for Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The virus has since been put in quarantine for 14 days. Just Zlatan Things #COVID19
Nahhh one of my best mates went ‘all day yesterday I couldn’t understand why the woman from the Weakest Link was ALL OVER my telly talking about corona but then someone told me she was the woman in charge of Scotland’ aka NICOLA STURGEON I cannot be ARSED
Amazing shot of a intense full moon Aura and Corona in Manitoba Canada! 
Well folks tonight im having a COBRA meeting to discuss the isolation of Corona with chief medical advise from Dr McEwan. 
the PH government dealing with the corona virus:  …
Mi favvy is sure gon be the most talked about male celeb tonight no corona style on another level 
Corona virus and Idlib, plus Russia walking on the M4 highway… my thoughts. Comment below 
This is my absolute favourite meme to  out of the Corona Virus mess Quarantine here  
SHAKE THAT ASS CORONA BASH SATURDAY 7pm-Till a nigga sneeze
Democratic House passed necessary emergency measures to get free tests, ensure treatment, cover lost wages for hourly workers for all affect by coronavirus: keeping US safe and prosperous. It is not law yet, because Republicans Senate is on vacation sipping Corona.
People thought I was crazy just 6 days ago when I ran the exponential growth chart for Corona Virus doubling every six days. I don't know why because I was using official "Official CDC Numbers." Turns out, because more tests are being given, my calculations were WAY TO LOW!
Remember when you all made fun of Bunty for washing hands for one min and told him “tumhara sabun slow hai kia” . #Corona 
As someone with the last name Eboli who lived through the ebola scare, I can empathize with how Corona beer is feeling right now.
Toilet Paper Mania. Panic Pictures. Corona Corona Trump. -  … NO AGENDA 
US cruel sanctions against #Iran have banned Iranians from access to medical equipment. Access to healthcare is a primary #HumanRight but #Trump is fighting against human rights. We defeat the #Corona, but the history will judge the US behavior against our people. 
Yet another example why the main purpose of public health research should be to serve the public, be conducted by universities, and must be properly funded. Not  In the context of #corona hopefully even more convincing than usual.  …
I speak as a person who was working on the paramedical sector before LoL, please refrain from panicking about corona virus, follow what the health experts tell u, restrain urself and ur higher age siblings from going into huge public areas, maintain fundamental health rules.
Bought mum concert tickets for tonight a few weeks ago. Asked her today if she wanted to cancel - given the Corona Virus circumstances... Mum: Why on earth would we cancel??! We've paid!! Of course not, see you at 7pm. #Yorkshire #Nigeria
Worse, they interview some guy about corona virus and he says it is a tv sport. Part of the problem. Hopeless cause. Said  mostly from off track. Right because guys like you drove guys like us away. You either get it or you don’t  …
The bar is pumping live audio from a corona press conference. This is life and it blows. 
If corona was a queen... 
He was in hospital for  different and was recovering, he contracted corona in the hospital and we have all been in contact and are showing symptoms this was my reason for going public, they covered up the death and are refusing to test us.
Small boobs can never spread Corona virus cheiii this is sweet oh
Guy 1: Hey neighbor, why you lookin’ so sad? Guy 2: Aw, dude, it sucks. Wife’s in quarantine with this Corona shit & I got blue balls like you wouldn’t believe 1: Oh. Well, on the news they said we all gotta take care of one another. Can I... take care of you? 2: Whoa, man. I— 
You’ve got to give it Treasury CS @BaloziYatani. He seem to have brought some sanity in the finance docket. From the locust invasion to sorting out counties and now dealing with the corona virus outbreak. A safe pair of hands. Impressive.
“It’s crazy how infectious this corona virus thing got huh? Reminds me of how crazy infectious your laugh used to be when we’d stay up all night drinking Corona’s ... I miss you. I’m in quarantine but if this letter finds you  over and we can work things out.” 
*corona virus enters my body* zitzitoun bel la3sel wel 9ares my mom made me drink: 
The only corona I’m wanting lol have a great Saturday evening peepsI apologise now for any tweets or msgs later that I may post lol xxx 
#Corona has made me realise how Hindu practices are scientifically more advance. My belief in Bramha, Vishnu, Mahesh is strengthening. Encourage other religions to follow the path of Hinduism.  …
In the spirit of corona, never to be caught loose guarded 
What corona y’all got where yall getting all these cheap gas prices at??
My 10 year old has been walking around the house saying “Corona Time” for 3 days
CAMILA CABELLO MIGHT HAVE CORONA WEEEEEEEEEEE 
Well, this should take care of this damn virus #Corona 
A master class in trolling the Prepper Hoarder with his case of Corona Well played sir, well played. 
The UK's strategy for dealing with Corona 
Come infect this body corona. I will destroy you. I won the genetic lottery. Men like me are 1 in a million. Hard to kill. 
I went from last week being super hyped my friends @YuzuPyonCosplay & @KristenHughey from out of town  to shoot at a castle with me & now even my housemates @serinide & @SkoochLoL have yeeted out the country THANKS, CORONA.
BREAKING NEWS: In order to protect Her Majesty the Queen from getting Corona Virus she has self isolated in Sheffield uniteds trophy cabinet. A spokesman for the palace said ‘we felt it was the safest option in England as it has not been opened in years’ #CoronaVirusUpdates
It can be difficult to say you have corona but I think it's important to say it to protect other people!I have contacted all of my friends / family who have had contact with me in the past few days!I will take a little break the next few days to create creations again very soon
Lady Gaga Corona Virus protection outfits: a thread 
Tips to prevent Corona: - u can cover mouth when coughing - u can wash ur hands for 20 secs - u can change ur hair - u can change your clothes - u can change your mind, that's just the way it goes - u can say goodbye - u can say hello - but you'll always find your way back home
Netanyahu announces the Israeli government will use electronic surveillance (implemented by the security services) to track people who might have been infected with Corona Virus
All of y'all running to the grocery stores are doing nothing but wasting your money and catching corona virus.  …
The Corona Virus handshake 
Young people have a greater role in flattening the curve of the Corona virus cases. All they have to do is to wash their hands promptly and properly. Older citizens too must follow hand hygiene. We together can do it.
literally just get a medicine ball it cures the corona virus dude
*a small inconvenience happens* Me: “fucking corona!!!”
I don't know what was omashola inspiration tho but certainly not Corona V #TachaXAMVCA #TachaKissedLAX #AMVCA2020 
Corona Virus is done for now. It stands absolutely no chance against Coach O. 
New podcast is up for all of our self quarantined listeners out there! More  next week! Link in bio. Stay safe and enjoy! #Repost @ellekingmusic with make_repost #sweetcaroline #sweetcoronavirus #corona…  …
The Unabomber used a #Corona typewriter. Coincidence?
so with all the corona virus press cancellations we need to make sure that we're all streaming and promoting sleepyhead/kid krow because its going to be a lot harder to promote irl
when the WHO announces a corona vaccine 
I live in a city of @50,000 ppl. There is no bottles water to be found, no canned goods, paper towels, rubber gloves & no fresh meat. Schools are closed for 2 weeks, there are no public meetings being held either. There are also no cases of Corona virus for 60 miles around us.
when the gym is empty cuz ppl are scared of the corona virus >>>
I am the titantic musicians of tweeting about guys during the corona pandemic
I’m done with greedy pieces of trash attempting to profit or promote their diet off the back of the corona virus. You should be fucking ashamed. 
CS Mutahi and team should send a team to JKIA. Kenya Airports Authority has not received the memo on Corona . Automatic sanitizers in Their shuttles, washrooms , exits is mandatory . I witnessed business as usual operations this afternoon
@nbody6 @Censelio The Official Wash your Hands Song “B—b—b—b—bye Corona!” 
Coronavirus: 1. 10 patients cured of Covid-19 2. Maharashtra: - Till now 31 cases. - 15 cases in Pune. - 4 corona suspects flee; 3 hauled back in Nagpur. 2. Punjab: - 335 people with travel history to coronavirus-hit countries untraceable. - 7 suspects go missing from Ludhiana
the stories people i know that work at the NHS are telling me are vile. the abuse they’re getting off rude, impatient, people being tested for corona and their families is mental. why are you being twats to the people working 12 hour shifts and risking their health for YOU? scum.
Watched #AngreziMedium. I'm speechless right now, this man is nothing but a paid dalla. A movie wid full of entertainment, emotional scenes and deep social message. Unfortunately it's business badly affected due to Corona outbreak. All d actors deserved appreciation  …
WITH THE BANK OF ENGLAND INTEREST RATE AT ALMOST ZERO,,,, THE TRADE ORGS SHOULD BE PUTTING PRESSURE ON TAXI FINANCIAL HOUSES FOR US TO PAY £150 PER MONTH FOR A MINIMUM OF 3 MONTHS DURING THIS CORONA CRISIS,,,,,,, please forward on if you agree!!!!!!!
Seems as if Mar-a-Lago is a breeding ground for the Corona virus.
Corona itself was so impressed by the efforts of Sind Govt when it first came to Karachi, that it immediately sent an SOS to extended family in China, alerting them that Sindhi Chemist Louis Bilawal Pasteur has already developed a vaccine that could kill their entire generation!  …
monitor your symptoms and remember this mantra: cough wet pussy wet corona ain’t got me yet 
During the #covid19 outbreak Finnish people under quarantine are keeping up the spirit by singin to each other on the balconies the unofficial national anthem: #coronavirus #corona #Finland #lockdown 
the corona virus can’t kill me because I died the day Zayn Malik left One Direction
How to beat Corona in a simple tune, lyric and song.... RT 
Band hai Malls Band hai cinema halls Band hai play zones Band hai kids parks Aaj 15 saal baad me mene gali me kuch bacho ko khelte hain Aaj itne saal baad mene firse apne bachpan ko dekha hai Olden days are back, people are talking to each other now Corona blessing in disguise!
Introducing the Corona Virus Swag...... 
I’m still just PISSED about the whole Rudy and Corona situation with nobody having his damn back except Oni. Rudy would of been one of the first people to have their back. Ugh I feel so bad for him and it just depresses me
We Can Fight CORONA Together @DrSaadJaber #كورونا #كورونا_جديد #COVID19 #تحديث_الصحة_الأردنية #Corona 
BREAKING: #France to close all restaurants, cafes, movie theaters and nightclubs, following in #Italy's footsteps as the epicenter of the #corona epidemic shifts from Asia to Europe.
What is the likelihood that Trump will test positive for Corona and tell us he tested negative? He‘s lied about everything so...
Are hospitals in Lebanon ready to operate on or deliver #COVIDー19 patients. RHUH has prepared a fully equipped operating room in the Corona section. Preparation is half the battle.  …
hiiii! i’m heading into work and just wanted to say i hope all of you are being safe! practicing healthy hygiene! not being unnecessarily racist to  maybe indulge in some asian cuisine because corona is not their fault and they are suffering! love you guys 
Statement from Laois GP’s Regarding Covid - 19 / Corona Virus #Laois #Portlaoise #COVIDー19 #coronavirus @LaoisToday @LaoisBusinesses @Laois_Chamber @LaoisNews @LaoisPeople1 @Midlands103 @DowntownPortlao 
So my neighbor is celebrating her 60th birthday today,decided on "Corona" cake because she is fed up of hearing about Corona virus, so she has decided to turn it positive 
loki screaming "CORONA VIRUS" 
In case Corona spreads in Pakistan to the extent that the country has to be shut down, we might finally be able to put army's experience to some use.
FINALLY!!! The hand-washing song I’ve been waiting for: “B—b—b—b—bye Corona!” Thank you 
1. Bigly rally in the S&P500 on Friday, some say the biggest rally ever... but the corona-trades ain't buying it: $JETS vs $KURE (global airlines vs China healthcare) $RCL vs $SCI (cruise liner vs funeral home) $SPX 
As a crucial element in the Corona crisis policy in the euro area it should be considered to suspend the prohibition of monetary financing of public deficits for one year for financing targeted measures  the crisis1
4 journalists quarantined after contact with Covid-19 victim's family The four reporters in quarantine came into contact with the Covid-19 victim's family and are now being monitored by district officials in Kalaburagi.. #Corona #kalburagi #CoronaOutbreak
corona hellcat vibe perc 30 mcdonald sprite black air force 1
Waiting for corona virus to pass like...  
Nigerian designers think they are so edgy. Corona virus on AMVCA red carpet. 
Mybru I'm at waterfront. I walk into the bathroom to wash my hands, just before I walk in, I say, 'it's Corona time' like that Mexican guy Mybruuuuu the entire bathroom is full of people all looking at me auj I look at them, I say, '.... Uhmmm sorry about that'
Italy is facing a more than a Corona Crisis. Who knows what will happen if it's fellow EU members withdraw support. Greece x 100?  …
CORONA FAN ART #illustration #digitalart 
Grandpa. What did you do during corona virus. Well I bought stocks and ate alot of protein+ pasta if i recall correctly. Side note. God of War is beautiful in 4k.
"Hey girl, if the Corona virus doesn't take you out, can I?" The Corona Pill
Do you think each countries scientists are working together for a cure of the corona virus or is it every man for himself to make the cure then sell it ?
I bummed too many Juul hits today to not get corona
Funny how it took the corona virus for people to care about germs haha
Even though camps,Jr. days and college visits for us might be on hold because of the Corona, that ain’t gonna stop @bly_jordan from proving and showing his worth! No Days Off! There’s not many tht can move like him! The tape doesn’t lie! #allhands 
Champions ?!?! #corona #brittonsouth 
The corona virus can’t kill me because I died the day Iron Man did.. 
NOKIA, Connecting People CORONA, Disconnecting People. 
What is wrong with Indians? Why are they running away? Indians like chaos, noise. The solitude seems to hurt them more than the corona virus.  …
"We have gathered here and prayed for world peace and we will make an offering to the corona (virus) to calm it," Chakrapani Maharaj, All India Hindu Mahasabha's leader, told reporters before gulping down a cup of urine.  …
TEFAF Memory 5: Speaking of washing your hands, you might as well do it in style.This basin and ewer were presented at TEFAF. They were made in1565 for a member of the Lecaro family of Genua by Portugese goldsmith, Antonio de Castro. #corona 
"With the corona virus at our doorstep I couldn't help but think back on how I didn't take a step through the door to your heart when I had the chance. You're the only girl I could ever take my mask off with, so I hope that door is still open for me Stay safe and wash your hands" 
It’s official. #Israel’s PM Netanyahu announces closure of cafes, shops, restaurants and cinemas amid spread of #Corona
And last thing, we're still releasing a new song on Wednesday. Might change the name to "Kiss My Ass Corona".
Let me clarify since haole bob joe Twitter is offended that I’m “gate keeping” their vacations. I DIDNT SAY FOREVER. obviously I’m aware tourism drives our economy. BUT FOR THE TIME BEING W EVERYTHING GOING ON, STAY HOME. keep corona to a minimum and away from my kupuna.  …
You hear that, Corona? Cheno is going to scrub and sing you out of her house!  …
BREAKING: Israeli government shuts down restaurants, cafes and movie and theater halls due to Corona Virus & asks citizens to keep 2 meter distance from each other
4. President Trump, why don't you say LOUD and CLEAR that the Corona Virus was GENETICALLY ENGINEERED as a Bio-Weapon at the Univ. of North Carolina BSL-3 Lab? why don't you say who spread it to China, Italy and in the USA? Brennan? Clapper? Hayden? . 
Me and @WolfiezGG are so fucking good. We had first 3 games 6 points. I love my duo even he has corona
ok listen up corona virus and sans both of them can be in many places at the same time coronavirus = sans?
Look how many cases of Corona there is in New York... Crazy... Stay safe! 
Gym empty thank you miss corona virus 
See here, how the US-Army Europe Twitter account changed the Logo of #Defender2020 into the one from #SHAEF? Officially Defender2020 has been minimized because of Corona. Or will there be secret "cabal removing" operations in the shadow of Corona panic? 
- Kobe Died - Corona Virus hot - NBA Cancelled - Pop Smoke died - NOW CHIEF KEEF ARRESTED ? FUCK 2020
Corona virus season Churches: We're not canceling Atheist on my TL: Just imagine. How irresponsible. Churches: We're canceling Atheist on my TL: Lmao. Where's your God now?
Tbc if there’s corona case in this bar & its quite likely there is - there are now multiple new cases from this... All who go home and infect their families. What bit are ppl not getting?  …
WHEN THE CORONA-VIRUS GOES TO SLEEP AT NIGHT It checks under the bed to make sure Donald Trump isn’t hiding there! Lighten up people we’re going to be alright.. we have a President!
If 45 has Corona, they won't tell us.
So...it turns out that instead of Gilead being a religious junta that takes over our government like in Handmaid's Tale, Gilead in our world is a pharma corp that wants to profiteer the corona vaccine.  …
My name is Salman and it means "Safe". So i'm safe from Corona Virus 
I feel hot, I've a cough, no thermometer and can't pay the mortgage if I'm off sick. If Corona virus  for me the Halifax will  for my house along with thousands upon thousands of others.
throwback to this one from Corona! esos son Reebok o son Nike? 
Can you guys keep me in your thoughts and prayers...i'm not feeling too good. I don't have corona virus or anything but i'm sick of you trifling ass bitches. 
2. so, President Trump, @realDonaldTrump why don't you tell us, "We the People", in CLEAR terms, WHO DID IT ? why don't you say LOUD and CLEAR, that the Corona Virus is MADE IN USA ? why don't you say LOUD and CLEAR, that it is a BIO-WEAPON, engineered to K*LL?
Before corona takes over 
Since Corona/SARS-CoV-2/CoViD-19 sometimes makes it hard for us to enjoy our play as usual, I was thinking to help you, getting your needed dose of Aurelia by a special online service as substitute for your live worship. What platform would you prefer? 
This is how the president is being given Corona medicine right now 
The corona isn’t scaring me, it’s the fact that the grocery stores look like the fucking apocalypse happened and I’m wondering where I’m gonna get my food for the next month
America wanted a one eyed world, where people are devoid of spirituality and logic. They failed, China is piling up the pressure on US  clean in relation to the coronavirus. It's a bio weapon. US used HIV/AIDS against Africa, #Corona is another one on their list! 
In this crisis situation, I present my gratitude & salutations for CM Sindh. @MuradAliShahPPP has proven once again that he is more energetic CM.Even the #SelectedPM of Pakistan @ImranKhanPTI has failed to respond in the best way to mitigate Corona Virus. 
Gosh! Mark Francois has just  from a helicopter onto our quarantine vessel, Nigel's Ark, to bring us fresh supplies of Corona pop. Unfortunately, he misjudged his landing and is currently wedged in the funnel.
They are not murderers. They are not Rapists. They are not thieves. They are just critics. Help the political prisoners taken prisoner at the regime's Corona prison. 
On a Saturday Night in Florida, a Presidential Party Became a Coronavirus Hot Zone  #Mar-a-Corona
CORONA VIRUS PRAYER Join in at 400 PM EDT. You can also post your spoken declarations in this thread so others can join in.  …
Heading into town to see if there is anything worth recording after our confirmed corona virus cases grew to 3 yesterday, and other interesting virus news. Then check out my favorite river for water level. Will follow people back leter today ⊱•‧✧̣̥̇‧✦‧꧂ . 
I went shopping & found an abundant supply of TP... in case you didn't finish your panic room. #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaVirus #Corona #COVID19 #Wuhan #WuhanVirus 
Corona stopping us from getting thick
Imagine the Corona virus talk in kitchens throughout the nation tonight
What Pelosi did with the House Bill for funding for the Corona Virus emergency is appalling. 1st, as she's screaming," It's for the Children!", she tries to sneak in $$MILLIONS for Tax Payer Funded Abortions. 2nd, House Members had 1 hour to read 186 pages of the Bill before >
Since we're all living through corona, The Alt will be launching our Twitch channel a little earlier than expected! We're still learning the ropes, but we want to play some games, talk music, hang out with artists, and even have virtual concerts! We think it'll be good stuff.
You’re much nicer I am. They have shown no empathy for anyone. They caged children. They have cut SNAP. Ronna helps Trump lie to America every day. She goes on Fox & calls Corona a hoax. She praises his  I really don’t care about Ronna McDaniel. WOMP. WOMP.
I think @HardstopLucas knew the corona virus  with all that dish soap he horded 
More craziness by talking heads on a national TV owned by President #Erdogan's family in #Turkey: #Corona pandemic is a global drill & operation run by dominant powers that want to wipe out elderly population & keep young that can fight. David #Rockefeller revealed this 
Even the corona virus don’t want me
Retweet some positivity Stay positive guys we will make it #spreading_positive_vibes #corona #COVID19 #كورونا #خليك_بالبيت 
Fuck corona, im already dead inside
if you’re wondering how the corona virus started this is it right here 
I’m not gonna die from the corona virus anymore, I’m gonna die of hunger because people are taking all the fucken food
Be calm. It will help you think outside the box, use reason and not die of a stroke. Added bonus? At the end of video, you learn how to score some free tissue paper to wipe your ass. #corona #commonsense #think #breathe #DontBeaSheep #YourAssWillBeOk #health 
Silent Hero of Pakistan the son of soul who is working day and night fighting Corona Wave. Should be appreciated! 
The number of scientifically proven diets that will protect you against the Corona virus? Zero. I’m not a corona virus expert. But I do know anyone trying to sell you a unique diet plan or “immunity booster” to protect you from it is a fucking douche.
all im saying is that if corona virus existed in the scu (supernatural cinematic universe) that dean would be the one to catch it and then spread it to everyone
India is rescuing 800 Indian students from Iran, all muslims. Pakistan didn’t rescue a single student from China from Corona Virus. Guess which country’s image is tarnished globally for treating Muslims as second-class citizens?
Thank god, I've been lying awake these past weeks wondering how Mario would deal with Corona virus. Finally some closure 
corona virus on a lot of people’s minds rn and that’s crazy cuz all i can think about is you
When the Corona virus spreads to China, everyone is away from every Chinese citizen ... Today the world  all China to save the planet from the virus
Cheap corona flight update. I’m still breathing! (Just not for the pic a HEAUX gotta suck it in) 
2 people have Corona in my county LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Cyril Ramaphosa is RESPONSIBLE for infection of South Africans with coronavirus and any related deaths. He REFUSED to impose a travel restrictions to & from affected countries. These would have stoped corona and save lives. Ramaphosa has blood in his hands 
I really wanna leave my house but I also don’t wanna get corona virus soooo ......
Miss Corona and the Lockdown - the confinement song 
The only quality product China has ever produced is corona virus.. shht is doing a world tour
Italy is the most affected country in Europe by Corona Virus. They are staying indoors for self-quarantine and are doing an amazing job. 
Our Donald is REMARKABLE! Like a wizard or a political ballerina, he is maneuvering our political landscape with grace and dignity. With moves any ballerina would be proud of, he creates a peace treaty here and a wall there. Now he dances through our country, curing us of corona.
As director of the piece, I am happy to push him greater levels of nudity if you join us for our farces debut (no touching for corona reasons)  …
History of Corona virus In the year 1884 there was a Russian scientist names povandijilakar kintyuionshuiyo. Why did you skip the name? I will not be going to tell the story anymore. I can't deal with lazy people. It's your fault
trump without a doubt has corona virus. test takes 15 mins for result from swab. “i took test, no results yet” YA DONE SON perfect time for trump to be a leader, accept and treat, let us know it’s ok, and lead by example - but he won’t because he’s a petulant child
not to make light of the corona situation, but I weirdly appreciate this sudden sense of global unity. We’re in this shit as a unit & we’ll grow from it. love y’all, be safe
All in times of Corona ... #StillDiggingForGold #SearchingForOil me wouldn’t did believe if me never see and tek eh pictcha 
Betcha this fella in Blanch won't be catching the bleedin corona virus #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #Ireland #D15 #Blanch 
If you have swam in Granger lake you are immune to the corona virus
I'm so sorry, this is a Corona meme 
Respected mam... How are you?? Today i read news about you that you touch with some corona virus person nd now you are working your work at home... That is the best way for everyone.. take care... Bye Ruturaj pandya from gujarat India.
this and a blunt lil uzi corona toilet paper quarantine and chill
@Dr_Santangeli @andreanatalemd @AndreaRussoEP @drsuneet The Italian Air Force with Pavarotti Lyrics Nessun Dorma , and we will Win , wishing our country the force to fight corona virus. At USA government we need extreme measure to stop the spread not step by step 
If I had corona, would you stay in quarantine with me? 
Donald's Corona virus test results are on the same shelf as his tax returns & Melania's immigration status.  …
I’m so excited about stuff in life... just. Need corona to allow us all lol
Corona wasn’t gonna stop me from chillin’ with the mumzie this weekend • Look out for a  soon on @MoChunksTV @MoChunks YT 
Chiranjeevi’s #Acharya shooting has been postponed for two weeks for now More film units to follow #coronavirus #corona
Corona Virus works hard but we work harder, Here’s a playlist we’ve made of some amazing Irish Artist for you to self isolate and vibe to #Enjoy  …
If you have not voted yet, please watch this  between Biden's #COVID19 response & Bernie's, and then tune in for the first one-on-one debate tomorrow (Sunday, 3/15) night. Please RT. #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates #Corona #coronapocalypse 
Here’s a big fuck you to the Corona Virus for canceling everyone’s shows! Anyways... how’s everyone liking the Safer Space music video? 
People are dying, being laid off from work and worrying about how they will feed their children. You are kicking back, drinking a @corona and joking about the situation. 
Corona go, go Corona, go Corona Corona go * Neha Chupia appears from nowhere" " Shut up MF , its her choice" Then Athwale screws Chupia
 to UP. Yogi Adityanath quarantines the virus.  …
Whether it is Nepal Earth Quake, ISRO Chandrayan Partial Failure, Deadly Corona Virus Outbreak Feku Modi doesn't fail to find ways to seek cheap publicity and attention. Wht a shameless icon of inhumanity and stupidity.
"We will beat corona!" America's Got Talent finalists @ChoirAfrica created a song to raise awareness about how to stop #coronavirus spreading in South 
Things to do during the corona virus lockdown #TheWalkingDead 
Subha se koi 10 corona virus follow kar chuky hain. How can ya even expect a follow back with this username bro?
India declares first corona virus patient free of infection. Though still work is in progress at war mode. Congratulations doctors and health personnel.
I miss life before corona
Right before corona virus came... CEO of Disney stepped down CEO of Hulu stepped down CEO of Harley Davidson stepped down CEO of IBM stepped down CEO of T Mobile stepping down CEO of LinkedIn stepping down CEO of Mastercard is stepping down
Trust me, you don’t want to do a Google search for Corona anus.
Worldwide they think #CoronaOutbreak will be a great weapon to stump @realDonaldTrump in the elections. In #India #RahulGandhi is trying to use #CoronaPolitic to waylay @narendramodi. Both won’t succeed. Can’t capitalise on human tragedy for political gains. #Corona #COVIDー19
Amazing work here! Saudi Arabia has announced a support package to the private sector. It will give 50 billion riyals to meet the expected financial and economic impacts of #Corona #COVIDー19 God bless #SaudiArabia  …
The best dressed to night is No other than the trident Queen: NATACHA AKIDE. Argue with ur Corona virus infected brain 
The government of Pakistan has decided to take precautions against corona virus and sease public places where there is gathering..the lock down wil last for 21 days. Maniax will also remain closed. How the hell im I going to do my practice
nobody: me: *holds my breath for 10 seconds to make sure i don’t have corona*
the Corona Virus doesn’t stand a chance 
Corona virus, Corona beer, Coronation.......don’t matter. B.L.1.2.A.R.D. @7:06 
well now that the corona is here i think it's time to admit i never saw "Friends". never even sniffed an episode. and i'm okay with that. love and light
I went to the bank today and I started coughing Thinking that the people will run so I go carry all the money But Nobody moved Ghana is very hot that they don’t even fear Corona Virus
The event was cancelled due to corona virus but they still wanted me to play  …
If y’all see me this summer without a summer body blame it on the corona virus making gyms unsafe. It’s above me at this point
Taking The Carona CIA satellites ‘offline’...... Last one is Corona 16. C16 — 3/16 ? 
BREAKING: FRANCE WILL CLOSE ALL RESTAURANTS, BARS, CINEMAS AT MIDNIGHT #COVIDー19 #corona
Dutch researchers find Corona virus antibody  #science #coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdates #covid #covid19 #health #corona 
“Voluntary” lmaoooo...I have to pay bills. We’re not asking for job security or some sanitation procedures. We’re asking for reasonable adjustments. Look at the proximity of these corona virus testing tents to our valet stand. Ridiculous.  
We're literally being tested from all angles in this time of corona. Can we lay off these 'Wimpy & Aromat aren't SAn' facts? ...we can revisit this in Aug.
when ur only on day two of the corona virus lockdown and ur depressive tendencies are  back due to lack of human contact and a schedule 
There was a rat in my apartment and I been fighting it. So while everyone is dealing with Corona, I'm out here fighting the plauge. I have won though
How to get anti Corona products 
A woman in PIMS is fighting for her life right now after being diagnosed with corona. I hope she makes it. I pray she makes it
I feel like this quarantine shit should feel more serious to me but see I just don’t respect this corona bitch
Govt policy is- openly- to deliberately infect 70% of the population with corona: to create ‘herd immunity’. So here is the question: do they see themselves as part of that herd? Are they happy for them & their families to be infected - or not? If not, they are deadly hypocrites.
I was watching one Chinese News channel this evening just to knw D latest development on Corona Virus and boom the Chinese newscaster started coughting i quickly off my TV, becus prevent is better than cure
Because of the corona virus epidemic outbreak am finally getting laid any way what’s the best condom brand on market #COVIDー19 
Kerala government responding so well to the Corona Virus outbreak!! This video is from Calicut Beach #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirusindia @KeralaGovernor @CMOKerala 
Met with doctors both young and old working under the Sindh Health Department at airport exposing themselves to 1000s of travelers  in from most countries with #Corona outbreak. They are our heroes. This is selfless service to the nation. Salute to all Govt doctors.  …
Are you dumb, son? Of course it is. And it should be. When that there  knocking, Bubba will get to shootin and save us all.  …
“Corona” is now trending as #1 top picked baby name for 2020. “Virus” is #2. What? It could happen.
I wasn’t worried about the Corona Virus until I saw Rambo wearing gloves 
Mankind will survive this corona pandemic, even if countries do not cooperate sufficiently to survive this collective threat. But there's one threat that a large part of mankind will not survive if we don't join hands: climate change. Let's fight climate change denial! 
Today I was in the safest place I could think of in the middle of a field & I couldn’t believe it when I came across this .... A 1970/80’s corona bottle top... never ever found one before in a field... oh the irony.... 
y’all be forgetting that people have smoker’s cough and not corona
Him: I’m positive- Me: For corona?! Him: -that I don’t want to be your boyfriend anymore
cosima and delphine from orphan black would have found a cure for the corona virus if they were real
Fellas, don’t forget to wash your hands BEFORE you pee, too! Don’t let the corona get to your dick!
Tips to prevent Corona: - u can cover mouth when coughing - u can wash ur hands for 20 secs - u can change ur hair - u can change your clothes - if u change ur mind - I’m the first in line - honey I’m still free - take a chance on me
Corona, deadly/Moving in slow/Looking for a mellow fellow like DeVoe getting armed and swarmed/So you better lay low...  …
Guyzzz Corona Here.... 
me in 40 years when everyones dead from corona but i survived cus i bought all the toilet paper 
Damn Corona getting everyone 
i am upset america isnt handling this very well more then anyone but people are extrapolating too much from this asian countries didnt do better because of fucking state capacity magic, they have had to deal with more corona type stuff in the past then we did
Making memes because I’m going to be stuck in my house for the next at least 2 weeks because of Corona  severe in my county and schools and public places and events are all closing 
What you can eat and do to reduce the chance of  infected with the corona virus  A question asked a lot but this time answered by a real expert Prof. Michael 
Imran Khan before and after getting infected with Corona Virus 
Corona boys assemble!!!!!!  @3pm pst TODAY Fight night Kevin Lee vs Charles Oliveria 
The singles are even skin out. Corona ah guh run up inna people BATTY HOLE!  …
my mum shouting at me for catching corona 
Corona opened my eyes that I cannot sit for more than 1 min without touching my face
If Corona Virus can shake the world up like this , I wonder what the  of Jesus Christ will be like .
I'm so sorry, this is a Corona meme 
There's going to be a baby boom in 9 months. What are we going to call the first corona babies?
In Maharashtra, total 1.73 lakh passengers were screened in Mumbai, Pune & Nagpur airports. The 949 passengers returned in Maharashtra from #coronavirus infected countries. The 663 passengers were admitted in hospitals in suspect of Corona while 638 negative & 31+ in swap test
No point in raising alarm with every new case of #COVID19india detection. A statistical normalisation should be applied to extrapolate trends. Otherwise, we shall only end up spreading panic. #Corona
Paper in press in JAMA on the presence of Corona virus in different samples. Only 1% of the samples of blood were positive which is very important as asymptomatic individuals may donate blood. This study was in symptomatic inpatients with COVID-19. 
if you’ve ever done coke off a koala kare baby changing station in a public restroom you are immune to corona virus
Out of concern for family, friends & everyone around I've limited my interactions and movements as most of #Corona cases are asymptomatic. I don't have any symptoms but will go through testing just to be sure & encourage all  to Pak to do same. Be safe be responsible  …
Choose wisely NDC or Corona Virus?
vitamin c can help prevent against many illnesses including corona. this is what you should be stocking up on! don’t listen to the cdc  …
Lucca,Italy. At 6 pm all the churches wrung their bells to thank those risking their lives to keep Italy safe during Corona - Maria Lina Marcucci Thank you to all our friends in Italy 
UPDATE: NIOSA’s new timeline is scheduled for Nov 10-14! All tickets purchased will be honored. For more information visit our website under the COVID-19 Corona Virus Alert page. Thank you to everyone for your patience and hope you all are as excited as we are! #niosa 
me at the ecco2k show checking if he has corona 
Somizi said not risking Corona Virus, but make it fashion. 
Nigga bout to have corona for some clout smh  …
Corona virus is just a cold, but like when a guy gets a cold...
How soon before this video reaches Madhu mausi's WA and she posts it with "IAF makes a Tiranga in honor of our PM Modi's efforts to fight Corona epidemic"  …
UK Gov flat-out refusal to even attempt to stop the spread of the Corona virus is an evil crime against its own citizens Especially the old & with medical problems I am one of those, my immune system is suppressed through drugs because it attacks my joints 
More people need an AR 15 than a Corona Virus test!!
I feel like if you just even went to chico in general you’re immune to the corona virus, that place is ungodly
Love him or hate him, among high profile figures on the right Steve Bannon deserves major credit for treating the Corona pandemic with the seriousness it deserves, from the beginning.
According to reports, the #Dbacks minor leaguer who was tested for the corona virus has tested negative.
if the corona virus happened in 2013 there’d be at least 100 quarantine one direction fanfics uploaded to wattpad rn. you bitches are slacking
watch scooby doo get the corona virus, the stans will have a vaccine in less than 24 hours
Corona virus got me tripping!!! I ain’t taking no chances!!! 
will be allotting some of my feed workload to corona virus updates as i am sure it will unfortunately explode in Syria soon
Listen i hope you’re ready cos Jem is going to be on the channel MANY A TIME. Would’ve been this week if he’d avoided Corona smh  …
I hope this is not too late but we have seen posts of ELFs frontliners risking their lives to save patients of Corona Virus and we can't describe in words how proud & thankful we are of them. We are sure @SJofficial is equally proud of you guys. Pls take care of yourself too ++
The Corona Virus can be extremely threatening to the elderly, so I think it'd be best if only people under the age of 40 went out to vote in the remaining elections.
My trans friend thought she had corona but turns out its just the flu ... she loves pretending to be something she aint  …
due to corona I will not be passing my blunt. thank you - management
"We will make an offering to the corona (virus) to calm it," Chakrapani Maharaj, the group's leader, told reporters before gulping down a cup of urine. He then offered a glass to a devil-shaped caricature of the virus to "pacify" it. Beyond parody.  …
Is the Corona virus supposed to make you extremely horny? I think I have it
okay so if corona does happen to blow over, are they gonna send a email like “okay, jk classes have been resumed. see you all Monday” or ...
Oh I have that confidence. Had to get a white man straight in FedEx yesterday about the corona virus being a hoax. His facial expression said that he couldn't believe that I had the nerve to speak to him that way, much less respond. I left his ass standing with his mouth open.
“dont go to the theatres, its a crowded enclosed space and you might get corona” 
Shocking #Corona talk in the #Turkish bus. #Turks say: "The vaccine has long been made. Who does all these  belong to? The Jews. They will do everything to destroy #Turkey (and the world)! O Lord, let it rain!" #COVID19 #coronavirus #COVIDー19 
Bacchus offers Ariadne the sky as a wedding gift, where she later  the constellation of the Northern Crown or Corona Borealis.  …
getting corona guidelines  I havent used in ages is a wild reminder of how many institutions have ur info
january: ww3 scare february: corona virus outbreak march: corona virus pandemic AND EVERY SINGLE EVENT BEING CANCELLED. what does april have in store for us?
"Our religion doesn't allow corona testing" "Our religion doesn't allow vaccinations" BC marna hai to akele jaake maro na registaan mein...
Hi newborn baby in the UK who contracted corona virus I love u sweet angel pls stay safe if ur reading this
#TAMIAMIKENDALL PROD BY @Tropdavinci IS THE CURE FOR THE #CORONAVIRUS WE JUST SPOKE WITH @MiamiDadeCounty & AS SOON AS IT DROPS YOU NEED TO GET IT SO YOU CAN STAY CORONA FREE THE ALBUM IS OTW DEPINGA ! 
Looks like libs will risk corona to prove brahminical hygiene wrong. Let us encourage them in this noble journey.
Just finished my Corona virus shopping 
just a pree seh mi have asthma and corona can actually kill my ass 
#AcademicTwitter in the time of Corona. How will this effect the vulnerable students and workers? How can we think creatively about cops leaving campus, yes, but new forms of surveillance/violence/strikebreaking being introduced. A thread based on the #UCSCstrike  …
dom said fuck corona 
Been a good couple of days for Walgreens, CVS, Walmart and all the other virus profiteers on trumps corona task force  …
“A person traveling back from Iran had a feast and invited 80 people over a meal, he has tested positive for Corona now I have to track them all down” #Iraq head of Medical Services Karkh. The social and cozy relationships in the Middle East is it’s number one danger right 
PLEASE RETWEET - How you can stop the spread of #coronavirus? #Corona Virus Prevention Tips:Stay at home, if you are suffering from cough,cold or fever and avoid going to crowded places #coronavirusinindia #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronavirusOutbreak #HelpUsToHelpYou 
-BREAKING NEWS- The rapper Eminem is reported to have the corona virus and his symptoms are: his palms are sweaty, his knees are weak and arms apparently feel heavy. He vomited on his sweater, is suspected to be his moms spaghetti
im going to die in quarantine with my parents and i promise it’s not gonna be from corona
While our heroine girls are fighting against Corona with all they have , lack of advanced equipment killed some of nurses and doctors and many patients ... Cruel and inhumane sanctions of US are killing our innocent people , please don't leave us alone 
Las Vegas Corona Apocalypse Vlog 9 3/14/2020 Trump Tower Updates all day 
After watching the White House press attack @realDonaldTrump, I am forced to conclude a mature corona virus may grown to  a member of the White House press.
SOMEBODY IN THE LAB RIGHT NOW MAKING A CORONA WEED STRAIN... ITS GONNA BE A MIX OF BUBBA KUSH , GELATO AND GRAPE APE
Corona Time :,) 
honestly if one of my friends gets corona, we all gettin corona!!! it's a quarantine party shit's bouta be lit
if you follow me, there’s a slight chance you might have a GPU (idk, hunch). today I’m asking you to stop making deepfakes or whatever the fuck “graphics research” you’re doing and help us fold some corona ass.  …
Saw Steve Young trending on Twitter and thought my boy caught the Corona 
Other countries are putting effective measures  the spread of Corona virus but Kenya is stressing the washing of hands as if the virus just develop in the hand all over sudden #covid19kenya
How in the world does OH, AZ, FL, & IL plan on holding primaries on Tuesday w/ Corona Virus pandemic? OH is scrambling as it loses more poll workers and an Arizona judge just blocked ballots being mailed to voters. Unsafe to have voters head to polls.  …
Please pray for @Jeff_W_Goodwin @alexs_journey that they’ll be able to get to & from KC as needed in the weeks & months  I have been so worried about them having 2travel with the Corona Virus/Covid19 panic going on. Jeff and his family need our help and prayers now.
i just gave a malay aunty who works in the club’s toilet some money and asked her to go home and not work because corona time when i’m drunk and i realised that after i gave her money i have no more cash ahahahahahahahaha it’s okay the more i give the more i receive am right
Indian Railways Fight against corona In order to prevent spread of COVID-19, blankets & curtains have been withdrawn from train service till further orders Passengers are requested to bring their own blankets in their own interest. @RailwaySeva @Gmwrly 
I thought corona virus was suppose to make people sick? Seem like more people ah tun eeeediot!
Me sending my dog out to get food since he can’t get the corona virus 
the martin shkreli of the corona virus  …
so like i joked about getting corona but like i feel awful and have all the symptoms but the fever and i’m getting a little scared haha i do be living in a corona hot spot!!!!!
