I have been reading the coincidences regarding election years and UNRELATED disease. 2004-SARS 2008-AVIAN 2010-SWINE 2012-MERS 2014-EBOLA 2016-21KA 2018-EBOLA 2020-CORONA! One can’t help to think about the dangers of Deep State and the Democrats. 
ACTION by @realDonaldTrump,needed to CONTROL the STORMING of our Southern border during this CORONA CRISIS!UNTESTED people CANNOT ENTER the US.The test kits MUST go to AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST.Rep Escobar(D-Tex)What r you doing about it !POLITICIZING  …
For Those Of You That Are 65 And Older...Over 90% Of The Deaths From Corona Virus Are In Your Age Group So Be Extremely Careful And Don't Pay Attention To The Imbeciles That Are Telling You Is Just The Flu...They Are Not Scientists Or Doctors To Determine That Only Idiots..
My ex took the bitch he cheated on me with on a trip and caught the corona virus. Look at Karma
A Modest Proposal, by Benjamin Netanyahu Falsely claiming children are not afflicted by #corona, he plans on drafting  of kids, arming them with bleach & deploying them sterilize Israeli public installations.  …
Pauline Hanson calls for Corona beer ban, until we know what role it played in virus  …
damn. being forced in a corona quarantine sounds terrible. i’d hate to be inside my apartment all day, sitting on  , and eating food
Talk about timing: The 2020 Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, which was to be physically held in Boston starting tomorrow, has been moved online due to the spread of corona. 
So now that corona virus has hit CPAC, and DC, the Administration is going to make sure the first tests are being sent to those affected earlier in other parts of the country before themselves right? Asking for a Country.
Will you change your concert going plans this summer because of the Corona Virus? Should festivals be canceled? 
Almighty God Expose them all Each and Every Any and All Expose them in all their sin & shame Reverse the curse Reverse the evil plans Turn every bad thing they do or have planned right back at them. Like you are doing with the Corona Virus Boomerang it right back at em
corona virus is cancelled. sjsjskskks anyways stan lil uzi
All you ambient/drone musicians better clean those two or three keys on your synthesizers that you actually use. Probably caked in corona.
all these people just now isolating themselves now because of the corona virus meanwhile ive been isolating myself for years smh stop riding my wave
Thread... Don’t be fooled by ConMan Cuomo & The Democrats trickery! Cuomo discusses mixed message Trumps admin is giving the public regarding Corona He speaks as if his actions & concerns are superior to Trump 
First corona virus case confirmed at my university Oh dear
Are you taking steps to protect yourself & your loved ones from the corona virus OR do you think it’s much ado about nothing? If you’re taking steps, what are you doing?
Drying your corona panties on a plane not cool #coronavirus maybe it’s because she couldn’t buy toilet paper it’s in high demand apparently #COVID19 #toiletpaperpanic #panickbuying #DragRace 
carmella  the corona virus to doritos 
This is the side the media doesn’t show of Offset. Here he is at Harvard University working with his fellow scientists on the cure for the Corona Virus. 
is the corona virus in ur city?
if this mf catches corona we will all know why-  …
People so worried about catching the Corona Virus when they should be worried about catching these hands
Damnear gon tell my school I got corona so they cancel class next week
HAHAHA I WILL NEVER GET THE CORONA VIRUS!  …
“Corona doesn’t dismiss you, I do” 
Well, the corona virus has caused people to stock up on, um, pasta sauce? 
why don't corona virus patients drink hand sanitizer? won't it kill 99.9% of their germs?
i see y'all asking people to stay home. not to go out & party because of corona virus but nobody is stopping us from going to church. i love africa.
The “it’s just a virus” takes are precious. As are the “actually, it’s Obama’s fault” takes. Folks. Trump literally fired our pandemic response team in 2018. As of last week, dude thought the flu vaccine might work against corona. Stop being high.
Corona have you spooked? Stay at home and enjoy beef. 
Corona has been around forever. Remember when SARS was gonna kill us all? That was a corona virus. This is the latest mutation. It’s the first time we’ve identified this strain. Be informed ( I suggest the cdc web site) stay calm.
Corona virus: Ticket prices: 
Of course the first corona case in Kansas is in Topeka. Burn that city to the ground and start over
I think the extreme panic over the Corona Virus in the US is staged and part of Trump's reelection campaign. It is hoped that it will make these dunces look decisive and like "Commanders in Chief..." This is not to say it is not a serious public health threat.  on!
If there is a food shortage due to corona ........ 
This is my latest collage of Deep Sky captures I’ve taken recently. I am dedicating this image to all the good folks that have been suffering and concerns with the Corona Virus issues.... Live life the best you can and be kind to others. #coronavirus #Coronavid19 
Them: “you not scared of traveling because of the corona virus.” Me: 
there was a HERPES outbreak at coachella last year, so if they don’t cancel it this year, everybody is  back with corona
Corona virus a result of China's bio-warfare experiment, says Israeli biological warfare analyst:  … via @eOrganiser
Corona virus is too dangerous for SXSW, now go out and party!
Oh my god. They gave corona virus to a grape
Right I know this is peak middle class get a grip but I went to book my Ocado delivery slot and there aren't any available for OVER A WEEK. I've never not been able to get next day, Corona is honestly making everyone MADDDD
The Iranian regime is denying people their basic rights. That same regime hid the corona epidemic while it was spreading, to secure more votes in the elections. A criminal regime so similar to the Syrian regime & Bashar Al Assad, both killing their own people. #Corona  …
Kangaroo - big fighty rabbit Snake - Hell rope Pit bull - chav poodle Bat - corona doner (too soon?) zebra - prison donkey Golden retriever - yellow bringy backy
People  panic about getting the corona virus and dying but do Unprescribed drugs for fun
“Imma get Corona and then imma get a Corona”- Doja Cat the 2020 President of The United States  …
The corona virus is not causing this. People buying more than they need is. Retailers are looking after supply chains so shoppers don't have to worry. We are used to periods of disruption & are coping. Buying more causes pressure & others lose out! #KeepCalm  …
When you are 80+ and the Corona virus is running rampant in your country. 
I know the media is pre-occupied w/ corona & toilet paper rn, but my god this should be a bigger story  …
can corona virus bring the price of tattoos down next
They are DRAGGING this corona virus situation. Doctors themselves sayin’ it’s not that serious. The flu is more dangerous
19 Corona Virus deaths in U.S. since start of year, but around 3000 abortions performed daily in the U.S. Shouldn’t we be declaring state of emergency in all Planned Parenthoods instead of New York?  …
At last: a corona that can't invade your immune system. 
How ironic would it be if the cure for Corona Virus was a Lime
What if I just bring a bottle of scotch to class and start sipping every few minutes and say I am protecting my throat from corona virus
1) The following charts show the amazing speed of the Corona outbreak in Iran in the last two weeks! 
Corona kills people 
“What’s your secret to not catching corona virus?” 
Watching this should help ease any corona-related anxiety. 
#Corona Yesterday I waited on line for 20 minutes in the rain to get 3 facemasks which the South Korean government is now rationing to prevent hoarding and price gouging. Americans have no idea  in the next 2 months, and Trump’s shambolic denialism is worsening that 
If you're one of these morons stockpiling toilet paper for the corona-apocalypse, do know that a decent bidet is $20-$30 on Amazon. 
Should I do a show soon! All the festivals and scared of corona I’m tryna up!!! Hurry and let me know!!
mood on @ThegirlJT corona whooo??? 
Zim govt risks being referred to the UN Security council after it failed to report a case of suspected Corona virus in a woman who returned from China in January and just yesterday presented herself to her doctor and died a day later The symptoms explained are COVID-19
NBA: “We are prepared to play games with no fans due to the corona virus” MLB:  …
#Presidementia Holy Corona Edition: For such people are not serving our Lord Christ, but their own appetites. By smooth talk and flattery they deceive the minds of naive people. Romans 16:18  …
i feel like 19/327 million people isn’t a lot of deaths lol the US has more people die in a mass shooting than this corona virus, but they want to declare a state of emergency in NYC... lol ok
I’m lit who be this guyyyyyy....CodeNameVol2 sounding sick , corona dey learn for this side 
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic of Iran invites Corona virus to build a tool to oppress the public opinion Don't be fooled by this trick 
So that’s why I haven’t caught the Corona Virus yet  …
All this corona virus outbreak is really distracting us from the fact Davido said “When I look into your eyes all I see is your waist” stay woke
Just got notification that one of the Attendees of CPAC has tested positive for Corona Virus. This person was exposed before the conference. This is not surprising, I suggest caution but not panic. Use your best judgement and follow guidelines of the healthcare professionals. 
There is one good way to avoid catching the #COVID19 Corona virus. There is one good way to do that and to still be able to get around. It might be time to check your tires, to fix those flats. We are all in for some challenges in the foreseeable future. #Bicycles can save 
How fitting. Wasn’t CPAC where Mulvaney declared the corona virus was the Democrats’ new hoax? Karma.
Storm Troopers are REAL!! #China #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirus #Corona #CoronavirusUSA 
The corona virus was definitely a plot for population control. Nothing can change my mind
One in three workers have no paid sick leave. That’s millions who potentially lose their  as a result of the corona virus.  …
Fear of Corona virus Mr President @MBuhari; Nima I'm not on seat @BashirAhmaad na you go go meet that Italy ambassador 
Watch: 1:43. Now what are the chances of what I found. Q 143. Go deeper. Signatures are IMPORTANT. Then I find "Go deeper." Corona Virus article right under Clown signatures griping about their security clearances being revoked. A bit mind blowing I must say. #QAnon #FactsMatter  
Two days ago, @mschlapp claimed that Trump was "leading the response to Corona [sic]." After Schlapp failed to spell the name of the virus, we now learn a #CPAC attendee has fallen ill.  
WOW!!! I’d love to see who takes the police up on this one.Police warn recently bought meth may contain ‘Corona Virus,’ offer to test it for free | WBTW  …
tfw people tellin you not to panic about corona but this is the mindset of literally every food service GM in america 
This flu season has already killed 10000 people but you guys are in a frenzy over Corona that has only killed 19 people. Practice good hygiene and mind your business I promise you’ll be okay. #cau_rys20
Guess who’s not getting corona virus!!!!  …
yet another clip of the prime minister gulping and lying. Speers asks if Morrison’s abrupt exit from that presser is because “the corona virus is now so all-consuming”? No, it is because - as Moreton’s TSP oped said this week - Morrison hates being questioned. #Insiders
If humans are hoarding toliet paper because they think the Corona virus causes diarrhea, they better buy Imodium.
Corona virus kills 3000 people and we all loose our shit.... Alcohol addiction kills 88,000 people annually and  out with a new wine brand @CarmellaWWE 
We have been called nazi and corona and brownshirt in the past two weeks. There is a constant barrage of personal attacks against Bernie. But when Bernie points out policy differences and it is never personal attack, it is character assassination This is a primary. Grow up
The organizers of CPAC announce one of their attendees was diagnosed with corona.  …
me and corona v. if round trip to paris dip below $300 
HOW TO PREPARE FOR THE CORONA VIRUS! Don’t get sick people 
Corona virus— sooo is everyone down for medicare for all now?
Corona virus is apparently looking for people who sleep alone
#ReasonsIGetDrunk So the Corona beer bottles don’t feel left out. 
If you think  back home because of Corona Virus, you lie. It's not yet my vacation period chill pls.
I’m so sad to say that the beauty show (IBE) I had an XMONDO booth at and I was scheduled to do two days of meet and greets got CANCELED today due to corona. I’m so sad I won’t be able to meet any of you anymore. This was my first meet and greet in so long.
What in the actual Fuck? Anyone??? #Corona 
Why isn't the regular flu, which is killing far more than Corona Virus in the news?
SXSW has been canceled but we gonna make up for it!! STAY TUNED I WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED BABIES @corona virus yah moms a hoe 
Just saw on the news 38% of beer drinkers won't buy Corona... how stupid are we??
2900 hundred people died of Hippo attacks in 2019. 10,457 people died of DUI caused accidents in 2019. Over 61,000 people died of the flu in 2019. Over 60,000 youth died of suicide in 2019. And over 10,000 have died of the flu in 2020. Yep, people ARE dying, but not from Corona.
Coincidence that the 1st Q drop that had the word ‘Corona’ was dropped exactly [2] years earlier? Q713 02.10.2018 Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q 3/ 
flights r so cheap rn fuck a corona virus wtm for spring break
THE CUOMO CRIME SYNDICATE HAS AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE. THE CORONA-VIRUS WILL LINE THEIR POCKETS ON A FAKE HOAX. THE ANNUAL FLU HAS OVER 1000% MORE CASES IS THE SAME TIME PERIOD. THIS IS UTTER BS! @deanomight1 POLITICIZING A HOAX. AMERICA KNOWS  …
Hyped that people I know will probably get corona virus because the American president calls it a hoax and the Alberta government goes off about Extinction Rebellion when questioned about their preparedness.
Quizz for democrats facing reality ? What does corona virus - prove ?
corona virus who  …
Obama... Swine Flu (virus) Trump... Corona Virus (flu) This virus sounds bad, but thousands die from the flu each year. Perspective!
Just so EVERYONE knows, The youtooz was a preorder. Which hasn’t shipped yet but they told me it should ship this month. But who knows with this corona stuffs. I don’t control any of it. Send your questions to @youtooz I am also waiting on mine :P And the ones I need to sign!
Don't get a flu shot now!! "Vaccine derived virus interference was significantly associated with coronavirus" unless you want to take corona virus head-on..  …
Situation in #Gilan province city of #Rasht is critical. Reports of no hospital bed being available. No admission at Rasoul Akram hospital.This man has collapsed coughing right in front of the hospital. #coronairan #Corona 
How would the Pawnee Indiana Parks Dept. staff handle the Corona Virus outbreak? A Thread. 
Mfs really waited until Corona to start washing they ass
Sheldon Has To forfeit There Season Because Of The Potential Corona Outbreak In Elk Grove? That’s bullshit I’m sorry, you can’t cancel the kids season wtf!!!!! Rearrange to play at different sites if anything..I can’t believe this
montage: clips of prime ministerial lies about his government’s preparedness and response to corona virus and toilet paper jokes #Insiders
A lucid account of exponential growth and potential strain on the healthcare system related to Corona. It's sharp to not bury your head in the sand on this one. Preparation is simple and low-cost. Arrogance, ignorance, and laziness are reasons many won't bother. Don't be them.  …
#SawTrap131 was supposed to drop yesterday/today. Unfortunately one of the editors is quarantined for 2 weeks in a hospital, because he have gotten the corona virus. Trap will be delayed a couple of days.
The government wants to bring back retired nurses to replace EU nurses who are leaving. The government wants the elderly to isolate themselves to keep themselves safe from Corona.. Anyone else see the contradiction here?
ALERT The corona virus can be spread through money. If you have any money at home, put on some gloves, put all the money in to a plastic bag and put it outside the front door tonight. I'm collecting all the plastic bags tonight for safety. Think of your health.
Covered For Corona -- Grainger Coveralls For 
Thread. Expert, inside analysis of U.S. failure on Corona virus response.  …
If the world survives the Corona Virus... I think Skid Row with Sebastian Bach and a properly reunited Cinderella - should treat us to a co-headline tour and new albums from each band... Only seems fair. The Survival Tour! 
This is probably the cheapest way to get tested for corona virus.  …
No, we should not panic about the #corona virus. But neither should we look like rabbits into the headlights of the speeding #Covid-truck  our way. We may see huge disruptions. Do we take it really serious? Remember #climatechange? Another #alexnote 
Me and Bash at Snoqualmie falls on this corona 
Because it you don’t find cases of corona, then they don’t exist. Then the stock market will go back up, and Trump will no longer have to pretend to learn about  stuff which bores him.  …
Russia refuses to go along with Saudi price-fixing oil production cuts as OPEC+ ends, in effect, with economic sanctions on US fracking. Payback time, a leveraged move going into the market's "Corona Crash."  …
i’m at costco and all the water and toilet paper is gone LMAO people out here really preparing for corona like it’s the end of the world
In Leeds where they don’t give a shit about Corona, where toilet roll is plentiful and drunk girls crash your mini Cab and try and sit on your knee #goodtimes
Hongi in the age of Corona, just tap your own nose then throw it like a pair of invisible dice
THE GIRLS THAT WEAR DIRTY WHITE AIR FORCES ARE THE ONES SPREADING THE CORONA VIRUS
I do agree there but he genuinely wasn’t selling ANY tickets before corona anyways that’s also a factor at play
You’re not alone. Outside of disability social media I have nowhere to express how slapped in the face I feel. For myself & the entire  I’m constantly on the verge of tears when hearing/seeing ableds go about the corona virus.
Presumably all 26 who died in the facility since February 19th died from Corona, just not all were tested  …
I really don't understand Trump/GOP game plan on Corona virus. They keep saying it's contained, but they have to know that lie's gonna fall apart fast & then THERE WILL BE A BACKLASH. Why set themselves up for that?
The year is 2040.  that the Corona kids are lazy and irresponsible.
ok but I found a flight from LAX to Sydney for $670 I might be going down under. but I don’t think it’s from corona
Dear people concerned with Corona virus: please stop buying out all of the toilet paper. Sincerely: a fraternity house manager trying to find toilet paper for 20+ dudes
Only Corona im gettin has a lime y salt. 
If the corona virus came from coffee, I'd still drink it.
SRK after getting infected by corona virus 
Buy Trump brand testing kits... guaranteed to test negative for Corona virus no matter what.
I’ve been walking around immune to the corona virus without even knowing  …
Season 8: lost to cranberry havoc Season 9: lost to corona havoc The curse is real, F in chat
Laisha Corona All American finishing 6th place! 
I do not understand this toilet paper rush just wash your ass if you're stuck at home cos of the Corona virus... You should be washing your ass anyway...
Pro China now pro everybody catching Corona Virus. *corona is a fraud  …
Y’all see Corona virus updates I see CHEAP airline tickets
So we wash our hands And stock up We’re all freaking out But Trump says we’ll be fine! We don’t buy All his bullshit, wow Why, ay ay ay ay M-m-m-my Corona...
Sing it with me! Ooh, you little tricky bug You tricky bug Are you gonna shut down our Lives, Corona? Ooh, you got the Chinese bad Korea too Now Italy is doin’ its Time, Corona! /1
I feel as though the Corona epidemic is some message from God given that fact that Trump is a germaphobe. But not sure yet what that message is. Any ideas?
Corona virus, swine flu, bird flu its always a new flu. But far more die from smoking. What ever we do let us not forget 480,000 lives a year are at stake. Smoking is the real virus and #vaping is 95% less harmful. @realDonaldTrump #WeVapeWeVote
I’m literally not worried about this corona virus at all. Everyone else can run around like headless chickens .
Why weren't we prepared for Corona? Because Trump slashed theCDC budget and dismantled Obama's science counsel. @realDonaldTrump continues to be our biggest threat to national  …
Corona Virus is 'child's  to Climate Change. People around the world are changing lifestyles, faster and in more ways than even asked by specialists & governments, but refuse to make the changes needed to stop climate change. At least now we know People can change!  …
Other symptoms of corona virus include believing that Kaizer Chiefs will win the league. -Dept. Of Health Confirms. #Absaprem #Amakhosi4Life 
If you guys ever used that restroom by the parking lot before crossing into mex you guys are immune to the corona virus
Low key I think the corona virus is big business an scare tactics
The EGUSD district cancels school for a week and the Los Rios district won’t cancel school when we have four cases of corona virus
Wanna be safe! from #coronavirus do remember not to shake hands...prefer #Corona 
Did The Morning Show kind of predict the Corona Virus... I- 
Flights are so cheap right now you’d actually save money flying to another country, getting corona and using their healthcare
@AnneMarie promise i don’t have corona, i love you 
There's no Corona virus panic in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. So what if this life is lost there'll be rebirth or heaven. For West this is the olnly life they have and they'll do all they can to not let Corona end it. I went shopping, there are no masks or sanitizers.
Hosting in Corona , CA tonight Come through and play w me and my feet 
The mass hysteria of stockpiling goods because of corona virus reminds me of Y2K. I worked at a big box store on Dec 31, 1999. Generators, canned goods, bottled H2O, flashlights, batteries were flying out the door. I don’t specifically remember a run on toilet paper...
Hey mom if you’re reading this I’m not going to get the corona virus don’t worry I’m not shaking anyone’s hand I’m just eating girls asses that i don’t know
Good to hear the government calling the over 60s elderly and vulnerable when  to the corona virus. When  to state pension we’re young and fit enough to work till we’re 66+. Whatever suits!
I just asked the flight attendant if they had Corona. Now she said I can’t order any beer :(
Greed will kill us all before Corona does.  …
Nobody is safe if we don't do anything about it! Iran Regime spreading the corona virus in Iran and other countries. 
Corona virus is spreading fast and concerts are dangerous places. For the health and safety of others POSTPONE THE TOUR please is too dangerous. PLEASEEEEE @_mymusictaste #MMTPOSTPONETHETOUR
Due to the recent situation with the Corona virus, @YohIchi_N will be postponing his visit to the gallery until the summer (specific date TBD). Although the workshop is postponed and he will not be attending the reception, his art work will still be on display/for sale on 
Rand Paul voted against the Corona Virus bill, because he wanted the money to be cut somewhere else. Rand, I don't remember any trouble in your mind about deficit shortfalls with multiple trillion $Trump tax cuts.
If you survived the first Thursday back to school bash at DJ’s Tavern, then you’re immune to corona virus
On a very serious note this Corona virus is stressing me and my mom out i am even afraid to be near a person who is coughing, these are very scary times we are living in on top of worrying about this democratic primary and  general election this year.
Seriously, FUCK the media for their panic-inducing coverage of the corona virus. You are doing far more harm than good. Festivals/tour are getting cancelled, travel is down, stocks are down, people are buying items in bulk when they don't need to. This shit has gotta stop
guy i’m hooking up w has had a no public hugs, fist bump ONLY policy since we started hanging out 7 months ago. crazy how he knew corona 
They even predicted the Corona Virus 
I've been pretty quiet for the most part on Corona. So, don't treat it like a nothingburger, also don't lose your mind and panic. Stock up on a little stuff,  sense precautions, and pay attention. Also, here's a meme: 
At Costco getting milk. Everyone in line has 3 or more cases of bottled water. Why? How does that keep you from getting sick? Beginning to think this Corona virus thing is a conspiracy between big bottled water and big TP.
Hello out there. We're in lock down mode here in The @GalwayClinic. No visits unless critical or in ICU & thankfully I'm neither. So important to heed the advice given, for all our sakes. #Corona #COVID19 
Guess who immune to the corona virus  
The terrorist regime of the Islamic Republic is the greatest threat to humanity, they have turned the deadly corona virus into a biological weapon to threaten the people of the world, the mullahs no longer need nuclear weapons because they have the corona #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
I never saw the Simpsons, but I saw that they predicted  down the escalator, announce he was running for President and winning. Now the Wuhan Corona virus in 1993? What do they know and how do they know it? Time travel? 
wheeeeeen they cancel sxsw before u even get to announce that u were gonna have showcases this year and u were kinda pumped about it and now it’s all ruined bc of a bitch named corona 
Magaalada uu ka soo bilowday corona virus waxa loo yaqana WUHAN, waxaana lagu micneyay sida tan. W= Wash your hands U= Use face mask H= Have tempreture checked regularly A= Avoid large croud N= Never touch your face with unclean hands. Soo gaabis fiican oo lagu xasuusan karo
bro dont move here we got corona virus LMAOO  …
Research shows that if you're about to say or do something racist against Asian people, drinking a gallon of bleach keeps the corona virus from entering your body :)
Trumps' preternatural ability is to wield human psychology against vulnerable opponents. Or in other words, get his human opponents to screw themselves. Corona is his kryptonite because it is not human - and his usual tricks don't work.
Khamenei as the first person in this corrupt government is the main culprit in the deaths of Corona. 
#Floridacoronavirus 2 or 3 people have it and they're acting like this is an epidemic lol. Out of 325 million plus people in the U.S., 17 people allegedly have died from corona virus. That's MUCH LESS than  flu.
Use the Corona virus to your advantage. Start unapologetically canceling plans as if it was your one genie wish!
Again, just now, Fox had a Doctor on that said the stats are showing that ONLY 5% of people with Corona even need to be hospitalized. What the MSM wants is to keep driving down the market.
If I get corona virus I’m gunna wank me self silly  …
Pay me $20 and I promise you you will not get the corona virus. If you do I will refund you. Maybe.
so corona cant infect arenas which are more enclosed 
I’m actually grateful for the Corona virus. People washing their hands again, transit busses and trains finally being cleaned, restaurants cleaning again. Imagine that...it took a pandemic for the slobs of this country to start doing what was a normal practice into the late 70s
Hello #American main stream media: @nytimes @washingtonpost @WSJ @latimes And the rest.. It is time for you to drop all paywalls on your sites so people can read about #Coronavirus updates without paying you money. Take responsibility. #Anonymous #Covid19 #Corona 
Stay outside and you are afraid of Corona virus. Stay at work and you are afraid of ‘Target pura Carona’. Stay at home and you are afraid of ‘Yeh Carona, Woh Carona’. Life surely is difficult !
CORONA FEAR VS REALITY 26,283 people die of cancer 49,041 people die of cardiovascular diseases 4,383 people die of diabetes Suicide takes on average 2,191 lives Mosquitoes take the lives of over 2,740 people And HUMANS kill an average of 1,287 fellow people every single day 
if i get the corona virus i want it with a lime & salt on the rim
My mother has been tested for corona virus, she wants me to tell you the lab is backed up and it could take five days for results and it is malpractice.
Plus these masks aren’t even the right ones. You need the N95+ ones, and have them fitted to your face, to keep the corona virus out. NOT TO MENTION that doesn’t help if you touch something and then touch your eye or scratch your nose before washing your hands.
Corona-free and on way home. 
Me explaining to my kids how I survived corona virus 
If you’ve partied in Charleston you’re immune to the corona virus
Someone should make a corona beer joke about the virus.
All the midland students getting the corona and turning up at the quarantine 
“Corona ain’t gone kill us. Slavery didn’t kill us. Jim Crow didn’t kill us. We faced the Ku Klux Klan. We have faced storms. We have stood the test of time and if God be with us, nobody can be against us!” @DonnaBrazile 
Corona virus been real quiet since Eternal Atake
If we don't make it ! I place this here for future to let them know the cause of Iran's destruction, Misery and 2020's Corona-virus disaster 
I’m almost certain this  made up, but placebo effect over here has me thinking Corona Virus AINT SHIT  …
This woman dey cough for the trotro inside from Tema station to cantonments wey ebi like guilty co barb am so she just stood up n said “me sr3 mo ooo wei ny3 corona ni  n see the seats all dey laugh
The iranian people are infected with the corona virus and do nat have access to medical facilities #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
I have held out  about the corona virus. And it might seem like news like this wouldn't be the straw to break the camels back on this issue, but, I now believe 100% that is part of the cabals plan to get you infected.  …
Corona Virus Flight deals >>> Black Friday
ALERT The corona virus can be spread through sperm!!! If you have any at home, put on some gIoves, and place them in a bottle on your doorstep! I will be picking them up and quarantining them! I’m making this immense sacrifice for everyone’s safety. You’re 
Unlike greenhouse gasses & hackers, corona virus carriers can be stopped by borders, quarantines, & other perfectly effective nationalist measures. Your position is simply a nomad's preference for porous borders disguised as fake inevitability.  …
KENT TRIED GETTING A RESTRAINING ORDER.......ON KIMG COUNTY! so they would not be able to put people in the Corona Hotel 
My mom don’t give a fuck about corona virus in madera i still gotta go to school on Monday
@duckybhai called @BTS_twt 'Corona Virus' No one is allowed to disrespect BTS and he should apologize @bangtantinyboys @Gemini14095502 @lzyhmd1 @meemtah @ShafiaAmjad @mohsinaa__ @Seangmyeong55 @BTSupdatesinfo @personafy02 
Is the Corona Virus legally allowed to attack you? 
"at least I won't get the corona virus"  
BREAKING: Death Grips fans are officially immune against the corona virus.  …
gamers watching everyone panic about the corona virus while we’re chilling cause we don’t go outside 
if @velocity has million numbers of fan i am one of them . if velocity has ten fans i am one of them. if velocity has only one fan and that is me . if velocity has no fans, that means i am no more on the earth . if corona is against the velocity, i am against the corona.
A last thought for the day on Corona and SaaS: The #1 category of marketing spend in SaaS is field marketing + events Depending on where you look, 15%-18% of all spend It's #1 in any event
The world must hear our defenseless Iranian people, not the lies of the mullahs' terrorist government. Tomorrow may be too late. Unlike all countries, the mullahs deliberately spread the Corona virus in Iran. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
The way beliebers beliebe the corona virus will take a roundabout turn once it sees the gates of an arena as opposed to a stadium  …
This is why group masturbation should be mandatory at FGC events, considering you are a health hazard to other attendees if you miss it. Could've prevented events from being corona cancelled, shame how selfish people are. It literally only takes 3 minutes to blow your bro.  …
CEO of not getting Corona 
WHY'S THE GOVERNMENT NOT ACTING QUICKER ON CORONA EPIDEMIC? They should be closing stadia &limiting movement NOW. It's basic mathematics. 10%+ of Italian vicitims are in INTENSIVE CARE. If 5% of our population get it (3.3m) that'll be 300K+ intensive beds needed. NHS can't do it.
Due to corona virus fears the NHL will take drastic steps to ensure public safety. They will incinerate Tom Wilson today.
Feel like I found the prime suspect of Corona virus spreaders. This wild lmao.  …
we may not have the corona but there's a new wave of stupidity in the air lately.
For anyone interested in tracking the corona virus cases in Florida  … #COVID19 #Floridacoronavirus
and then we would get him shouting "it's not a corona cough!" in increasing speeds any time someone puts their hand over their mouth or a mask on around him
if my baby get corona virus then ive got it too it's called a virUS for a reason  …
Yes @tedlieu, you are  to chat with your constituent in the constructive, positive manner @hughhewitt embodies. Corona, Afghanistan, the Dem race. DM me.  …
How many people are to be killed to wake up the world ? The corrupted Regime of Mafia is intentionally killing people by preventing them from accessing to basic hygiene needs against corona-virus, still they can find masks .. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Bro why the FUCK is the Corona Virus in my city??? WE DONT GOT SHIT FOR YOU 
-corona virus taking over the world -graduation party might get cancelled -government might give us a month-long vacation -I’m gonna fail all my classes Me: 
Little did the world know that Toilet Paper was the hidden cure. Corona Virus... designed in a snake lab in China, released to the world for mass population FEAR pandemic... it was COSTCO Toilet Paper scientists that saved the world with double ply b_tt wipe. Miracles.  …
If it was due to Corona virus then arenas would be worse lmao cause it's much more closer space instead of a stadium u tried .
Well done England...and Wales put up a valiant response...could have gone either way! Great game and so pleased to see all the rugby fans there despite Corona fears!
ageism might be real idk cause the first thing i thought about when i heard only old people were dying to corona virus i was like “oh nice, ok we’re good”
This has nothing to do with Corona virus. Anyone with functioning logic would know that. An arena of a few thousand people shares the same risks of a stadium. If it was selling to begin with they would've postponed.  …
Can’t just tweet illness in the age of corona. What’s the illness??????  …
If you’ve ever been hung over beyond belief and went to chug water out of a water bottle, only to find out it it’s actually vodka you’re immune to the corona virus
For This corona period !!! Bros leave the hand shake 
me at my e gfs crib after copping a cheap plane ticket cuz of the corona virus 
Dubai airport is almost empty due to the fear of the Corona virus. #coronavirus 
Corona virus protection level 10.....it gets worse 
Boomers who lick their lips before they turn pages are at maximum risk for corona virus
Them tickets wasn’t selling at all. How was corona virus gon get them if nobody there? 
Please hear our voice Voice of the Oppressed Nation of Iran: In Iran, which has been occupied by oppressive mullahs for many years, we have no means of dealing with the corona virus. Please find us 
If you think corona virus is somehow an Asian virus that is somehow genetic.... you’re low IQ and there is no hope for you.  …
I am going to tweet this & then go LIVE some real life today. I live 85 miles from Kirkland, WA I produce news  for a living There is ZERO doubt in my mind or heart that- Corona is a strategic globalist propaganda ploy to obfuscate big news they know  
CORONA VIRUS DISEASE FACTSHEET 
If everybody washes their hands for 20 seconds after pooping on the sidewalk, California will be protected against Corona.  …
the corona virus doesn’t give you a free pass to be racist. the fact that this happened at my school (bolsa grande high school), which happens to be a very diverse one, says a lot about how we can’t escape these  
This how Corona virus REALLY started 
ebola talking to corona  …
 on enst!!: enstars!! is about to start! tbh with deadlines piling up one after another my replies to e-mails got super delayed. people started to suspect things and send me like, "i thought you died from the corona virus", so i finished it in a hurry.
Because he scored a penalty and spread his hands so wide like he found a cure for corona virus?  …
Good luck with this assignment. We can’t do anything for 20 seconds anymore. #corona hand washing 101. 
Help Iran. The Iranian people are struggling with both the Corona virus and the Mullah virus. Iran needs support #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Corona Virus isn't getting me 
Actually yes, I do read. And from what I’ve read, more people die of the average flu than from Coronavirus. And it’s mostly elderly and sickly people getting infected at the moment, not healthy people practicing good hygiene. So relax and drink a corona as our queen said
In Iran, Corona, like a devastating flood, has entered all cities and has no ability to cope #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
So ima just assume PV 23 released the corona virus too huh?
1. First up a check in on the corona trades: $JETS vs $KURE (global airline ETF vs China healthcare ETF) $MGM vs $SPY (hotel/casino operator vs S&P500) Worth keeping track of these from a virus-market sentiment 
rapping nicki minaj while washing your hands is the cure to the corona virus 
Corona Virus 17, Clinton body count 51 
Justin Bieber can’t sell stadium tickets to his tour because his album was trash so they’re telling people they’re downsizing because of corona like corona boujee and won’t show up to arenas
“Sex Can Wait, Masturbate!” should be the Corona virus slogan  …
I don't understand this buying every toilet roll on the planet.. because of corona virus... Since when did your backside sneeze? No toilet roll in the ASDA today. At long last the Sun  in use.
Gobar Guru giving us Gyan! Drink Gaumutra, add ash of cow dung in water & bathe , put few drops of Gaumutra in your nostrils, only way to keep away from Corona virus which is created by  for their pecuniary benefits. Shouldn't government ban such fake 'doctors' 
We really need help in Iran! Nobody knows how to handle the Corona situation! And the regime spreading it on purpose. 
Ok, but if we don’t move the clock forward does that mean we get our corona test kits an hour sooner?
Me, on Corona Virus quarantine cuz I touched my own face.  
Speaking of corona virus... have any other wheelchair users noticed people avoiding them more...? Or holding their breath/covering their mouth/going out of their way not to touch the same things you just touched?
Big dying from the corona virus you contracted at a live podcast recording because you had to hear 3 grown men review a new cheeseburger energy
It’s hard to be shocked by Trump at this point, but watching him talk about wanting to keep Americans confined to a ship, some infected with Corona virus most healthy, because he, “Likes the numbers,” not wanting to add to the tally of those infected here, is astounding!  …
I know it’s super dumb and kind of tragic to conflate corona beer with the coronavirus, but the ad I just saw for their hard seltzer where people are delivering big boxes that say “corona“ on them by land and sea is a little unfortunate
I can’t believe people  Corona to the Spanish Flu and are furious that I won’t have a panic attack over media hype. It’s ok. The sun is shining. Get out and take a walk. :) pet a dog.
As more folks move to gig work it’s important to note that the  at a price. No insurance, no paid days off. Corona might be the 1st time we see the health impacts on a big scale @MarkWarner has long been talking about the changing economy. Glad to see him  …
No chance that any gamer dies to corona virus.  …
Hmmm Influenza deaths at 20,000 but 11 deaths from the Corona Virus? Not even close but where is the media hype? Where is the fear mongering?
You can cancel flights, sell out of hand sanitizer, and cancel events, but suspending Costco free samples? You got my attention how do we stop this corona virus
ALERT The corona virus can be spread through books!! If you have any books at home, put on some gloves, put all the books in boxes and put them outside the front door tonight. I'm collecting all the boxes tonight for safety. Think of your health.
Islamic regime in Iran is lying about the numbers of infected/deceased victims of corona virus just as they lied about shooting down a civilian airplane. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
corona virus made flights so cheap. now y’all can finally visit your festival/edm boyfriends halfway across the country no excuses
You know what's NOT sold out at Costco? Corona. 
Corona in Florida. Now in #Broward maybe my friends will listen to me now. #prepper #Floridacoronavirus #Leecounty has its first death. They didn't even know there was a outbreak  …
I ain’t corona, but my love is like a virus 
Experts are apparently warning couples not to kiss in public to avoid the spread of the Corona virus. I don't know about you but this is really starting to affect me socially, what are me and my opponent supposed to do at the start of a duel now? Shake hands and nothing else?
Went to CostCo today and people are bulk buying bog roll like it’s the war. They had to limit to one pack per person. Some folk are absolutely nuts. If you somehow get the Corona Virus (you won’t) - you won’t get the shits.
Corona Virus in my state got me like... 
Do I secretly want the Corona Virus to continue to scare y’all into cleaning up behind yourselves? Yes, selfishly I do ...
Me: “omg why Corona eating me up, good pussy lost”  …
corona virus who? all my homies got bieber fever
Queen of China! Corona virus was found dead in a ditch.  …
the way I’m not scared of corona but if I get it I’m definitely telling the tl. 
Given people are supposedly avoiding Corona beer I'd be interested if there's been a boost in concert sales for The Vaccines, Placebo or The Cure
Health for all by the #PPP Corona virus carrier treated successfully by the special efforts by Sindh government. Thankyou Chairman PPP 
Since the Corona Virus is fake everyone needs to check in to Trump properties if they have even the slightest sniffle.
Telangana CM KCR says there is no #CoronaVirusChallenge in his state. Making a statement in Assembly he said "unnecessary panic everywhere. No need to wear even a mask. Corona is not a big deal for a huge country like India. A Paracetamol tablet can cure that".
(Has the corona virus killed anybody black?)
Ok I hear the corona virus has different life spans on metal, wooden, plastic, etc surfaces So I just want to know how long it stays on soap before dying If u know pls help me
Yall: Scared To Travel because of Corona. Flights: Prices Drop ME: (Video) I’m out! Wish me luck OH and can you guess where I’m headed??? YES it’s abroad! 
Tell ya what , a post Corona re run of the Brexit vote and we’re back in mate ! Come @me
CALIFORNIA! Until the event gets Corona-canceled, @JayMewes and I will still be at the West Hollywood SHAG STORE on FRIDAY night, taking pics and signing Shag’s amazing art print called “Jay & Silent Bob vs Time and Space”! Join us, starting at 
Imagine, we dont find cure for Corona Number of cases increase> so do the deaths We live in constant fear of being exposed. Gradually we stop traveling, we stop going to public gatherings! Imagine!!
We have a pandemic of scare mongering...and that is the main problem. - Stop being racist - Don’t steal from hospitals - Corona doesn’t give you the sh*** DO! - Wash hands - Be logical
Miss Corona must be one boujie bitch if she does stadium-only tours.  …
I see a lot of people saying "The Corona Virus is being blown out of proportion, the media over exaggerates everything" While yes, the media does do that. However, the corona virus was articulately planned decades ago. If this virus  a fractal of the Spanish Flu - 
Ugh whatever really. We really just live in a constant state of anxiousness. Will we have power? We will die from corona? Will we be abducted and killed while we walk/run in our neighbourhoods because the streets are always dark...because there’s no power. Ugh  …
go to your local grocery store no joke theyve got corona beer 50% off everywhere because people think its gonna give them coronavirus
So far, it looks like Corona in London means that the gym is empty, but the restaurants are still full
only 90s and early 2000s kids remember H1N1 corona virus is defs not as cool.
Boomers: Literally clearing out grocery stores because they are scared of the corona virus Us: Beer bonging four lokos at 9am in Florida or Mexico in crowds of thousands of people
A wank a day keeps the corona virus away  …
Even though I actually agree with Marco Rubio on this issue, I believe the Senator should focus on more important issues like the corona virus or gun violence since there's a shooting of some kind everyday under his watch.  …
I thought crowd would be very less, due to Corona Virus but Wankhede Crowd was unbelievable. Jam Packed Those Sachin Sachin chants are still on my mind #RoadSafetyWorldSeries
This girl from Iran told me the following: "I have a major blood disorder. I rely on blood donations to survive. But the government has been mismanaging these donations too. They now blame the cold weather, snow and Corona virus on blood shortage. Please help people like me" 
Why do you believe in IR news?Hundreds of Iranians died because of corona, but the government didn't say. Health facilities in Iran are very poor, and no assistance from the @WHO is available for the public.Soon the whole world will be infected by IR. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
You all laughed at Joe Lunardi locking himself in a isolated basement for a month every year, but hes gona be the only person to survive the impeding corona pandemic. The world will need brackets
Prolly got muh corona  …
TAKE THAT CORONA  …
#coronavirus Sale on at @WiseGuysLiquor! Buy a 24 Of Corona and receive a free roll of toilet paper!! Cashmere 2 ply!! While Supplies lasts!! 
Goldman: A Corona Recession Will Send The S&P To 2,450 By Year End  …
I rather get corona then have coachella cancelled
I land in LA on St patricks day I'm going to wear my "kiss me I'm Irish" shirt It's corona time
NEW: From the reasons for the spread of dangerous infectious diseases. #COVIDー19 #corona #CoronavirusInSA 
Whatever ward is being used to quarantine that Gauteng patient 2will forever be called ko "Corona"
Corona virus trying to enter my college- College guard-ID card dikhao
dr Kim Jong un is treating Corona  …
The Islamic Republic didn't quarantine Qom and the Corona virus spread throughout Iran. Now IRGC is going to the Corona War with dramatic maneuvers! 
I WILL CATCH CORONA BEFORE I CATCH FEELINGS AGAIN
A look back at @lakeypeterson's perfect 10 on the Gold Coast in 2017! . Tune in to the #CoronaOpenGoldCoast March 26-April 5 @corona #IWD2020 
Corona virus question everything Suddenly the main stream media go mad and start reporting on the corona virus pumping fear into the population and constantly reporting on it like its the only news there is
We just need to start a "Hey hey ho ho Corona has got to go" chant and it'll solve everything
Human spirit: 1 Corona virus: Zero! I’m a stock trader.These last few weeks have been tough and tricky and stressful. But, I’m in charge of me and I decide to be healthy and strong! So fu Corona 59/163 snatch 55 kgs ⁦ @AJA_Cortes⁩ ⁦ @Mangan150⁩⁦ 
It's CORONA TIME
Orders were given to enforce regulations requiring isolation or quarantine for the protection of the "public health". My Question is How do we "really know" this is corona virus, other than them telling us that's what it is, while hiding behind the HIPPA laws? Am I off base?
i fuck raw, corona aint got shit on me!!!
I'm wondering about all the people in government who know about people infected with corona-virus but directed not to disclose it. Are they in legal jeopardy? What about their bosses, who issue the order?  …
Sometimes the only thing that u need in hard times is just a hug . Wish health for all patients specifically moms and women who their life is disturbed for #Corona #WomensDay We understand ur pain and will stand with u till defeat the virus. Just be strong and hopeful 
All you MAGA ppl who are dismissing the Corona Virus and believing the ignorant babbles of Trump, you might want to wash your hands just in case. It’s not that hard to do.
Corona Swabs, here in Fort Myers, have to be sent to CDC, Miami for Testing, with a 3 day turnaround (News Conference).. Give Me A Fucking Break; NO Point of Care, Quick Tests, Like Other Countries; allowing Community Spread, here in the USA;Unacceptable, Criminal Negligence..
So a lady cancelled her reservation because of the corona virus (I work at a Chinese restaurant). She said “I don’t mean to be racist but my family doesn’t want to be around Asians” mind you that only 2 servers (including me) are Asian. I’m...
there is no way i’m not gonna go fully mentally insane trapped inside with my family for a whole week i WILL run away corona catch me if u can
« BTS NEWS » The world tour of @BTS_twt scheduled for USA, Canada, Japan and Europe. With expected 40k-50k per concert, because the Corona-virus has begun to spread throughout the world has  a concern. BigHit said: "We have nothing to say for now. 
Guess you're safe from the corona virus after all then  …
The changing of the guard, the clocks and the future as the Corona Crown Virus cleans out all castles worldwide. Trump faces the sun looking west where America now hold the power. This was the changing of the guard and the Queen assumed her role in the shadow of Trump. 
Am I the only one who thinks Ramaphosa and his people wanted us to have Corona Virus, it could’ve been prevented honestly. #CoronavirusInSA
The corona virus is likely man made and has been Weaponized especially to target old people because they are less likely to accept the new world order the 1% are creating and the 1% are getting young people addicted and familiar to artificial intelligence so they will accept it
Not today, Corona 
Between the Sahara dust, the bush fire smoke, the Corona Virus and the General trials of life, I’m not sure which is gonna kill me first but it’s been nice guys
This how the world ends as we know it but atleast we have a clean ass. #toiletpaper #Corona 
200307 #박지훈 #PARKJIHOON MAYs I was going to have a happy encore with May.ㅠㅠ But I'll work harder to prepare. I love you MAY Always be careful with Corona!! 
Let's do some math. Over the last two days the corona virus has increased with over 50% in Italy. If this continues, there will be over 100 000 infected in just 2 weeks! 3.9% death rate means 3900 dead. Hospitals would be on their knees. This is not "just the flu".
As am I But she signed a gag order about having the corona virus and now  on it and instead blocks anyone talking about it.  
Big toilet paper behind corona?  …
1 person is infected with Corona virus everyone wants to wear a musk, but millions of people are infected with HIV and no one wants to wear a condom. 
Because I was returning from West Africa when the Ebola virus was receiving so much media attention, and white parents galvanized against my daughter returning to school, I can see wide-eyed the racism in how the public discusses Corona Virus. Fear the flu & measles! More facts: 
When your babe has a Good ass as this, forget abou Corona virus. Watch and retweet 
Big Fredo (Cuomo) just said in a press conference that 80% of people contracting Corona walk around fine and recover with no medical attention. Wonder why that's not a headline?
All these people bulk buying hand sanitizer and soap what were you doing before? Did you not wash your hands properly. People need to stop stressing over the corona virus
Anti-corona handshake 
WOW ...2 Florida patients with corona-virus died. Strange, because there were ONLY three reported corona-virus cases in Florida (including the two who died). What is going on?
There must be at least one person in the 80,000 infected world wide that has a social media account and has posted “I have the corona virus”. Surely someone knows someone who has been infected. Reposting bc I like my account so I wants to keeps my account This meme is satire 
Jerry - “But how do you know it was a Corona cough?” George - “Oh I KNOW a Corona cough when I hear one, baby” 
Wouldn’t be surprised if a punjabi artist releases a song and one of the lyrics is like “ tu corona virus vargi, teri look kardi kill mundiya nu”
If you drank from the hose as a kid, didn’t wear a helmet riding your bike and sat in the back of a pickup truck while driving on the freeway... The corona virus ain’t gonna take ya.
Tried to use the Corona virus to dissuade my wife from dragging me to brunch... dunno that I fear it as much as I fear havin to pay $18 bucks for eggs...
The corona virus is going to disappear as fast as it came. Don’t let the government fool you.
Imagine seeing a healthcare system that sees the corona virus as an opportunity to gouge customers since so much of it isn't covered by insurance, seeing another heartbreaking GoFundMe campaign to pay for healthcare costs and saying "Yes! I want more of that!" Will never be me
glad to know all my followers will be safe during corona  …
Corona virus in madera? man a drive around town with the windows down sounds real good right about now
Corona Virus really a chill nigga once you get to know him.
We have our "1st Corona Death" here in Lee County, FL..
Why are some people saying that Corona virus is "just the flu"? This thing has a mortality rate of 3.9% in Italy.  Swine flu had a mortality rate of 0.01% - 0.08%. And 10% are in intensive care! It really scares me how nonchalant some people are.
This is the way our CheepMinister responses on Patient who is suffering with Corona Virus and beloved golden People's of Golden Telangana.Sigguga undi ilaanti CM lu Mana telugu raastralaki unanduku @PatekarDendulur @EstrellaDePoder @TeluguChegu @JSPSriram 
Countries in Africa are taking Corona so seriously, they scanned us multiples times in both South Africa and Namibia.
Sat on loo and looked at the info on a bottle of detol about 6 months old It states “ good for killing Corona. This suggests coronavirus is not new! Take a look for yourself 
You know what? Stop downplaying Corona and telling others not to make a big deal. Yes, you won’t die. Yes, you’ll heal. You’ll be okay in 2 weeks. But guess what. The world doesn’t revolve around you. People have suppressed immune systems. Older people are vulnerable.
Single-handedly fighting corona virus  …
Iranians are dying in different cities & one of the regime officials was laughing about it while denying Corona’s outbreaks! He kept emphasizing that no such a thing as virus,it’s only a rumor that has spread in cyber world! 
I know a lot of ink has been spilled writing about corona virus and the Saturn/Pluto conjunction but... what if this is all build up to the Jupiter/Saturn conjunction in Aquarius?
Next one of yous I see liking tweets about “corona virus is all asians fault for eating yuckys” I’m climb through your kitchen window and slap the fuck outta you
I’m thinking that the panic buying in response to the Corona virus is a bit like people voting Tory...everyone denies they’re doing it but obviously some bugger is...
This is huge. The leader of the Italian co-ruling Democrat party has tested positive for Corona virus. This thing is spreading everywhere in society.
Lebanon's newly formed cabinet applauds itself for default, debt, corruption, pollution and failing at securing fast procedures to contain the Corona virus. #Lebanon #Lebanonprotests 
Me : *cough* Friend: corona dorh ja k phela
Africa by Toto is a perfect song and it is the correct song to sing when washing your hands to defeat corona virus. 
#Zeynab Shia shrine in #Damascus has received a new golden crown by the help of Quds Alawi foundation related to Iranian revolutionay Guard #IRGC. Thousands and thousands of dollars have been used on this, where Iranian hospitals have no means fighting #Corona now. 
TWO ATTENDEES OF AIPAC TEST POSITIVE FOR CORONA VIRUS Both from New York and one had been exposed to someone with Corona virus in New York prior to attending AIPAC Washington previously reported #Coronavirus *Best stay away from crowds from for  …
Why does Corona keep infecting elites? BTW... a medical Corona researcher says it came from snakes.  …
Trump wants the US citizens to stay on the ship because he doesn’t want the Corona virus case/death numbers to increase in the US. Makes me think— Is the Trump admin purposely delaying getting test kits going out and denying testing so his numbers stay low?!?! Cover up?!?  …
Global economic pandemic. The FAKE corona pandemic is the Global Banksters cover for the impending collapse of [their] corrupt system of financial pillage. [They] are desperate to avoid being blamed. Food shortages? Riots? More [FEAR] porn. Breathe.  …
P.S. If anyone decides to, say, sabotage our Corona virus response as a *brilliant* plan... Just remember, your odds of either execution or spending the rest of your deeply unhappy life somewhere like Riker's Island goes up accordingly.
I think you got aids not corona
aint tryna catch corona 
So Trump fires his chief of staff bc of corona- I’m betting he put Pence in charge so he could fail. Trump could then kick him off the ticket and put in one of his kids. Mark. My. Words. Anyone else think this is a set up?
Good to see the Catholic Church has banned hymn books, hand  wafers & holy water fonts to prevent the spread of corona. Sadly, they are yet to ban collection plates. Yes, they will risk their very lives for your spare change. My fucking followers.
Very strong performance on healthy volume on Friday as $GILD broke thru $80(my first target).... Next target area is $90 With $100 being the eventual target.  is on the leading front of the Corona virus scare! 
Stockpiling loo roll cos of Corona virus. What am I missing here? Is the cure written on the outside of one of the cardboard tubes, like some dystopian version of Willy Wonka?
Even if we don't suffer another recession in the next few months because of the corona crisis, this tweet will serve as a terrible reminder of the Govt's green madness. Safeguarding the UK economy should be @RishiSunak's top priority, not inflicting more costs on the UK  …
Am I missing something? Why is everyone panic buying loo rolls ? The Corona Virus, isn’t like the beer, it gives people a chest infection not the shits.
After being tested for corona virus and the doctor is telling people to put barricades around you :  …
Raise your hand if that Corona virus awareness caller tune confused you with their coughing.
my gf college had 2 Corona Viruses at & put all classes online. also going to probably cancel my trip to Israel last week of march cause of this too since Israel is quarantining  into their county up to 14 days..
The most important thing the director of the CDC had to say way to grovel & praise the authoritarian ruler. Meanwhile testing for the Corona virus is still dangerously limited, people are dying & Trump is only concerned about controlling "the numbers". This is a terrible tragedy.  …
Bank notes may be spreading Corona Virus, Worl Health Organization warns. 
“I’d rather have corona, I’d rather have corona, than watch this fucking shite.” #bcafc 
Our local animal rescue closed their doors indefinitely because of #COVID19. Clearly run by liberal consumers of #FakeNews They also told their followers to stock up on food. Irresponsible. No cases anywhere near the Texas coast #Corona #TWGRP #Mighty200 
LASG with the Corona jam 
Cuddling with your friends during times of the corona virus 
Non existent. The real impact of Corona will be felt economically by May or June. And the figure are already beginning to show a very grim picture. We are sitting ducks anyway like always. But even the sitting ducks can prepare for disasters. And we need to. This is serious
remind me to never fuckin talk about Corona Virus again on Twitter, holy SHIT. LOL
Y’all seizing these low flight prices & bringing corona to all these places that didn’t ask for it big colonizer energy
Attention should focus on Corona virus and the collapse of Yes Bank. Calls by bigots for economic boycott of Muslims is an insidious distraction. Yes Bank contagion can spread to other banks. Accountability starts with @rbi and @FinMinIndia. Where does the buck stop? @PMOIndia
Pakhtunkhwa Corona Virus update; March 7. Just out of my daily meeting with the Secretary Health. No new suspected cases (total remains at 20) & 0 confirmed cases till date. We continue to try to maintain maximum transparency and a  approach in the matter. 
Corona sweetie!!!!! I'm so sorry You don't deserve to be blamed
चलिए आज #CoronaVirus के बारे में चर्चा कर लें। Let's talk about corona virus Let's spread awareness, Don't spread rumours and panic less. Video in 3 parts 1st video- #CoronaVirusChallenge #coronavirusindia #CoronaAlert #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaKoDhona #corona 
Contingencies. Most economic figures and indicators are from the past when they are announced. Past month. Past quarter. The figures we are seeing of trade around the world are old. The earnings we are seeing of  are from 3 months ago when Corona was almost 2/3
According to the TMZ website, some Changes Tour shows have been canceled and relocated with different dates and locations due to the corona virus. The rumors that ticket sales were failing are false, since according to the website, the sale was a huge success. 
is your pfp prepared for the corona virus? 
I am just talking to my dad [an actual doctor ] about the Corona virus situation and honestly I wanna share some things here . According to him the Covid has a small mortality rate . The epidemic caused during the bird flu outbreak back in 2012 or smn had a lot more mortality+
Thought this was a corona virus update  …
Am I the only one sitting here wondering if this is not an orchestrated incident to rid china of this concentrated group of people under Corona Virus medical observation.
Youngbae  : Corona virus I’m gonna get you. Everyone stay healthy : teacher.. please cover yourself — **everyone please cover up  
corona who?  …
Tawaf banned due to the fear of Corona virus. Since I was born,I have never seen the Holy ka'bah in this situation. May Allah bring the end to the virus.  …
the reason of why we believe #AyatollahsSpreadCovid19,they didn't stopped flying to China, they had bring Corona to Iran with Mahan planes, they didn't quarantine in qom,epi-center of contagion.But their foreign minister after their all foults,blamed US for the his regime crimes. 
How’s the white lady with corona doing there at Charlotte Maxeke hospital? I hope she’s enjoying our public healthcare hospitality.
So Malema doesn't want borders.....but now he wants borders to be checked for Corona Virus  …
The first corona virus case in Italy was reported on 31st January. It took a month and 5 days for the government to halt flights from Italy. Tourist dollars more important than our health? @ibusolih
Is This Corona Virus Killing Us or not, cos really I don’t want to study for tests um not gonna wright......scela ukuthi kucace ukuthi iyenzani. 
Corona Virus...? TMZ is really owned by SCOOTY huh.? We all know that the ticket sales were too bad . I doubt he will even sell out these arenas... 
this is the only corona virus prevention video i needed to see 
Has anybody tested whether or not copious amounts of alcohol and cigarettes kills the Corona virus yet?
Imagine what the trapped/separated children in cages are thinking as this corona virus dominates the media.
Corona virus deniers are the flat earthers of 2020.
so you're telling me corona doesn't spread in arenas??? the real reason is he FLOPPED. POOR TICKET SALES.
A friend posted this on Instagram. There’s no logical explanation for the stockpiling of toilet paper... knock it off, you look ridiculous. Now if you’ll excuse me I’m headed to Chinatown for lunch. I’m having a Corona while I’m there. #WashYourHands (ExtraLars on Insta 
corona virus is spreading in italy especially quickly because the nr 1 Italian pastime is standing outside in groups, smoking cigarettes and harassing women as well as kissing everyone you meet on the mouth
how corona started 
I'm no virologist, but if 60% rubbing alcohol kills the Corona virus, wouldn't 120 proof whiskey also get the job done?
The Only thing that can Stop Liverpool from Winning the English Premier League at this Point is Corona Virus...
a positive of corona : people are now washing their hands , putting on hand sanitizer, and wearing masks on planes. been doing it all along.
Me after successfully maneuvering through the airport corona free on my $120 ticket. 
According to the TMZ website, some Changes Tour shows have been canceled and relocated with different dates and locations due to the corona virus. The rumors that ticket sales were failing are false, since according to the website, the sale was a huge success. 
The mullahs are not Iranian. They have been taking revenge on Iran by killing us for 41 years. Yesterday with the gun, today with the Corona. 
The Islamic Republic in Iran hid the Corona virus spread in the country for 4 whole weeks to make sure their thugs participate in the 41st anniversary of the stolen revolution and their fake elections after that. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 & can't be trusted with saving the 
. People who, in the early stages, alerted about #Corona were arrested by the regime. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 
My dad on me worrying about catching the Corona Virus "Why are you worrying love? You haven't been in contact with anyone that's been abroad." Oh bless him.
This is how corona virus is spread #COVID2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
At times i find myself thinking the corona-virus is part of a trump soap opera. I have to remind myself this is real. We are in the beginning of a health and economic crisis the world hasn't seen for decades. It's time for Congress to #RemoveTrump . We need  leader
. @WHO & @UNHumanRights should listen to ordinary Iranian people. Mullahs regime doesn't release innocent political prisoners to protect them from Corona virus. Corona already got in the prisons & Mullahs are taking advantage of it to kill them in silence #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
mullahs' regime is responsible for Iran's death in relation to Corona #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
#AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 The Iranian people's lives have never been important to the ayatollahs. The regime kills thousands of Iranians by denying the existence of Corona
Ayatollahs have denied the existence of #Corona in #Iran for more than 30 days because of their Islamic revolution anniversary party , That's how the virus spread throughout Iran and the world! Right now the people are getting die and they don’t care! 
Corona got the sales bussin 
Unfortunately the Rome E-Prix has been cancelled due to the Corona Virus outbreak. Wishing all the best to my Italian friends and to all the people affected around the World. Let’s hope everything will get back in order as soon as possible #RomeEPrix #ABBFormulaE 
The mullahs should be punished for deliberately spreading the corona virus around the world. 
Me enjoying my cheap holiday on the beach alone while everyone too scared to fly out because of Corona virus  …
Why corona virus measures are so strict 
It's kinda sad. Just realized I haven't found a good source of info on how to deal with the corona-virus. I don't trust trump and his people. Ideas?
IT’S MATCH DAY IN THE A! IDC WHAT THEY’RE SAYING ABOUT THE CORONA VIRUS, IM READY TO GET THE DISAPPROVAL FROM SOMEONES MOM! LFG! #ATLUTD #UniteAndConquer 
. @WHO & the world should know the Mullahs regime allowed Corona virus to spread in order to lift the political pressure they have been baring since Nov. 2019. Mullahs DO NOT care how many people die out of Corona virus. They only want to stay in power #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
Iran regime’s by not quarantining the city of Qom, the secrecy of news about the spread of Corona in Iran and not cancellation of flights from China caused the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and other countries. Tell the world @WHO #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
if you swam in the wave pool at camp bisco you are immune to corona virus
The mullahs are the main cause of Corona's entry into Iran. There is no other reason! @WHO 
#AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 The shameless regime sells part of the corona personal and diagnostic protection equipment shipped to the Iranian people by international nations  and sells part of it for a dollar.
It’s not  to understand that Corona outbreak was regime’s will to assassinate people after #IranProtests.Everything’s forgotten & our problems became Corona rather than overthrowing the regime.People are dying so regime could last longer #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
A very high number of cores caused by Corona in Qom. The Iranian people need urgent contributions to the  to prevent and treat patients with Corona virus because the ruling regime in Iran has the ability to control Ibn disease.  …
If you’ve used the bathrooms in Blocker you’re immune to the Corona Virus
My Home Depot cancelled the monthly kids workshop out of fear of corona virus. Look, if it spreads to home depot, it's out and there is nothing we can do. Let the kids make a freaking bird feeder before they die.
Imagine if weedand Arizonais the cure to Corona virus, What do you think would happen
Corona has hit Europe hard. Italy, France, Germany, and Spain are the most affected, and all have some form of nationalized health care.  …
why did my dad say corona virus isn’t entering Eritrea until it pays its 2%
At Wholefoods. Two latino dudes are making Tik Tok reaction videos. One is recording and the other is pushing a cart around pretending to be on his phone. "My doctor said I had Corona but I told him I only drink Modelo" followed by violent coughing. The white people are UPSET.
Iran regime’s by not quarantining the city of Qom, the secrecy of news about the spread of Corona in Iran and not cancellation of flights from China caused the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and other countries. Tell the world #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
The lies of the Islamic Republic authorities do not end there. To achieve their goals, they hid Corona's entry into Iran. The coronavirus has spread terribly in Iran and 210 people have been dead so far. Medical facilities are very limited. @WHO @hrw 
The Islamic Republic is responsible for the spread of the Corona virus in Iran and the deaths of citizens 
And if Cps does close due to the corona virus (like they did in Seattle), they NEED to pay staff. Many CPS staff cannot afford to live without getting paid. Many are still underwater after losing 10 days of pay from the strike, especially paras and secas who make less than 30k
The regime is the first guilty of Corona crisis. They could not handle the situation as always. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
I just sat down in a café and the people that were already seated got up and left. It could be racism. It could be fear of the corona. Either way, I have this space all to myself #gradschoolpapi #postdocpapi #bougiedownbronxite
This intellectual who read 80k books is saying that s0me scientist said him that corona virus can be cured by taking paracetamol. Listen @WHO u all are useless bunch with zero knowledge. plz try curing #coronavirus by paracetamol & save lives. Jai 
Mahan Air under control of #IRGC is main factor of spreading #Coronavirus in #Iran. While Corona virus outbreak was started, this airline was still open to China and still it is open. Take a look at these pictures. 
President @realDonaldTrump blasts Democrats for "politicizing" the Corona virus outbreak. "They tried the impeachment hoax ... and this is their new hoax!" 
Corona virus ::: PSALM 91 :10 No evil shall befall you, Nor shall any  near your Dwellings !!!
the way that corona virus had to remind us all that most men don't wash their hands
It's estimated 4,800 people die per day in China due to pollution. 28 people have died due to the Corona virus in China in the last 24 hours. Factories are shut and pollution is down 20-30%. Probably the healthiest time ever in China.
if you’ve ever stepped foot on 4th floor toller you’re immune to the corona virus
I was interviewed by the Chicago Tribune about the state of cleanliness in our schools and the corona virus. We barely have enough staff to spot clean messes and visible dirt. @AFTunion @CTULocal1 @rweingarten @iftaft  …
I know CPS is addressing these issues now due to the severity of the corona virus spreading, but these issues don’t just change over night. These policies and lack of school staff need to change and not just when we have a global virus scare.
Boys With Corona - Felix Sandman  …
THREAD ON CORONA VIRUS IN CPS: Vaughn is a lovely, supportive school for our students w/ disabilities. We need more schools like Vaughn. It is also the worst possible school to have an employee infected with the corona virus because: -They have students bused in from all over Chi
If you legitimately think that ALL Asians are carriers of the Corona Virus, you're blatantly ignorant. If you choose to physically harm someone because of this as well, you're a psycho. The jokes have been harmless but now the real racist are being shown. Be better than that.
So i was at chemist store. A guy came to buy mask and chemist said " its for 290 rs" The guy was like : " Rehne do, isse sasta to corona pdega muje " and he left!
In his recent Friday Sermon His Holiness Worldwide Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community outlined guidance on corona virus. We should all abide by and follow the instructions that are given by governments and departments with regards to precautions [against the virus] #corona 
Ladies & Gentlemen meet The Cure For Corona Virus  …
2004- SARS 2008- AVIAN 2010- SWINE 2014- EBOLA 2016- ZIKA 2020- CORONA all election years, that’s it that’s the tweet.  …
Made this while drinking some corona beer 
Bro. We all need to have interventions with elder family/friends about what they receive and share on WhatsApp. It’s not that hard to understand what’s fake. Making up fake rumors about corona virus is ridiculous.
Corona Karma? Iranian official who took part in 1979 Iran hostage crisis dies of coronavirus  #FoxNews
@cvpayne -- Charles, Figures do Not LIE: ---CDC Stats, 32 Million Americans Ill with Flu This Season, 18,000 Deaths -- Coronavirus - 324 Cases, 14 Deaths, SO, WTH are Dems & the Media doing, Silence on the Flu While Preaching Frenzy,Chaos and Lies on Corona ?
Corona virus you have crossed your limits 
Really hoping we continue to wash our hands in a post-corona world.
Me this morning to Kuma: “you’re the best dog. You can never die because I can’t live without you.” Steven: **sneezes** Me to Steven: “you can’t die of Corona Virus because I’ve talked entirely too much shit on the internet.” Steven: ....... Steven:.....wait. What?
Este dato sobre el Corona (y otros virus) me parece fascinante a nivel evolutivo: "It’s also possible, hypothetically, that the virus  less deadly over time, through evolution: The most lethal versions of the virus essentially kill themselves when they kill their hosts".
If "Fuck The Corona Virus" Was A Person  …
If you ate Upstairs Powell you are immune to the corona virus
Can someone create a partition to cancel the Argus Cycle Tour this month. Because deadass we are going to allow people from all corners of the globe into the country who could potentially have the corona virus and our testing measures are clearly useless
Isolation and loneliness is real for children and adults on the autistic spectrum , many children and adults do no not get invited to parties or sleepovers , the Corona virus will pass this ignorance will not.
If you went to foam nights at shampoo nightclub or club 27 you’re immune from corona virus. My philly people know
With people stocking up on necessities because of corona virus, just a quick reminder that books don’t expire, they can store easily, and if you think you have enough already, you don’t. That’s just your TBR pile talking. ;) Hey I don’t make the rules!
It's such a relief to be single in the time of Corona
lets get this to 30k in less than a day period STREAM IT OR CATCH THE CORONA VIRUS 
Twenty four people have died from  flu this season in PA. Lets drum up the fear mongering because of 2 reported cases of Corona.  …
Corona virus came here faster than most my deliveries from China do
This mad ma'am will bring an another virus- * #Marona* #Corona #CoronaAlert #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusReachesDelhi 
"I wrote the fanchant all by myself this time. But I'm worried we won't be able to hear it that much..." damn u corona
Trump and the republican's corona-virus policy sure seems to be the "3 DTs": Don't test Don't treat Don't tell It's time to remove one of the DTs....Donald Trump. @HouseDems @SpeakerPelosi
I'd be OK if Corona Virus kills us all.  …
This cartoon is spot on. Assad sitting in a bloodstained basin in Syria, asking "Should we be afraid of the #corona infection?" Putin: "We #washOurHandsRegularly." #Syrianarmy #iblib #Refugees 
So did people not wash their hands before corona virus?
Just got an email saying someone in my uni has corona 
This microbe died bcz of corona. In following interview she says:” engagement of women in some sports even watching them from outside of stadium, behind the windows or TV is considered forbidden and Haram by God.” How can I not be happy that she has joined her God ?  …
Corona virus kills 3000 people and we all lose our shit.... obesity kills 300,000 annually and  out with a new Doritos flavour..... so just wash your hands like you’ve just ate a bag of zesty Doritos kids
Hmm she even tried by hugging and shaking theirs hands even with all this corona going around, and still yet cuz you want to be known or relevant  out and trash nonsense, see henn they should just kill themselves cuz my queen is here to stay 
4800 people have died from influenza in the United States in 2020 so far.... 17 people have died from Corona virus.
Y’all gone catch that corona shit tryna be a hoe on that lil sand
Everyone is so worried about the corona virus introduced by China. Can we talk about these stink bugs, how they never die, live in my house all winter and cause terror among my children for no apparent reason?
Tbh I could’ve died during child birth (twice) before I die of Corona. If it’s your time it’s your time.
Corona is now official in TN. A Kanchipuram based construction worker who returned from Oman tested positive for #COVID19.
USA Corona-virus cases. According to WorldOMeter: Total Cases 335 New cases today 16 Deaths 17 There are likely many more cases. But under trump/GOP policy, "Don't test, don't tell", we just don't know. USA only did 1,900 tests
Turkish Airlines didn’t allow the Somali citizen Abdullahi Ahmed return Somalia from to Italy due to the Corona virus suspect. #Turkey protect #Somalia to Corona virus. 
I think he’s got a point. It’s outrageous that people are exploiting the corona virus for financial gain  …
My uncle is telling my friend, a full ass DOCTOR, how to make a tissue paper mask to prevent the Corona Virus. If you think this is funny just know that he gave her a bag of tissues he stole from some hotel as a "gift". Uncles will end this world.
Does anyone else worry that trump is going to cancel the presidential election? Is that why he and the republicans may want the corona-virus to spread?
Corona Virus : Enters South Africa South Africa : “ Our Systems are Offline “ ..
ya know jokes about the corona virus upset me - i’m somebody that it could mess up really bad if i get it because of my heart condition - it makes me feel like some folks really don’t give two craps about folks like me and honestly, it freakin’ hurts
Corona is giving me serious flashbacks to the Foot & Mouth Crisis when I formed a dance troupe called ‘River Angels’(Incredible name)& had choreographed a dance to ‘Always Come Back to Your Love’ by Samantha Mumba but  got cancelled & we never got to perform it
700 blk Krieger Rd. Male is there to pick up the kids but the mother won’t let him because of the corona virus. #roc #webster
Four countries claim corona-virus isn't a problem. North Korea says "no cases". Russia says few cases and they have it under control. China says they have it under control. And trump says he and the republicans have it under control. Do you believe any of them?
Elon says it’s dumb!! Corona is cancelled  …
Love in the Time of Corona a viral romance
You are out here making fun of Corona virus, yaz' ni zofa 
I give it 2 or 3 years before “Corona Virus”  a weed strand
If not washing your hands is what gives you corona virus fr I say it’s natural selection at that point
And you wonder why I’m not scared of corona virus. I’m calm  …
getting corona virus at age 72 because there was no way I was going to miss Miriam Adelson interviewing a guy who invented a slower version of Venmo at AIPAC 2020. it was worth it. remember me
People fighting for toilet paper over the Corona virus. What if it was a real crisis? Imagine if you lived in a real socialist Communist country. If the crisis doesn’t kill you, people will! Just be thankful you don’t live in NK, Cuba, or Venezuela. #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Private Audio Launch Ahm Due To Corona Spreading All Over The Places Good Decision From The Team #Master | @actorvijay
Who is that scientists who told "Paracetamol" tablet is enough to cure Corona? Telangana Chief Minister KCR says just a single tablet of Paracetamol can cure Corona. Chinese people are so dumb they don't even know this cure. Italy and also so dumb. 
DONT LET NONE OF THESES DISTRACTIONS( CORONA VIRUS, ETC.) TAKE YOUR MINDS WHEN WHATS REALLY KILLING US HAS ALWAYS BEEN HERE SINCE DAY ONE. THEY DIDNT COME FROM ANOTHER COUNTRY, WE'VE BEEN LIVING HERE WITH THEM ALL ALONG 
You gone die at the beach or at your cubicle?? TF? #Corona
Moscow International Airport is almost empty due to the fear of the Corona virus. #coronavirus 
Corona prepared. The house is stocked, and so is my TBR pile. Pro tip :: call or swing by your local indie and buy your books from them. Our local stores are going to suffer from folks staying home, so why not give them some support? 
Does anybody know anybody that knows anybody with Corona Virus? Cuz I feel like this is part of an agenda or maybe I’m just high
Whoa. So. I just had the biggest border ordeal thanks to the ol’ corona virus. Thread, bc obviously. Context: I’m a white Australian travelling via bus from Phnom Penh, Cambodia to Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam.
Anyone with corona wanna give me a kiss?
Corona can't spread this drip 
Don’t worry, Dr. Trump has discovered the cure for the Corona Virus. He  inserting this into your body. Next up,Dr. Trump has decided to devote his time to finding a cure for the Cooties virus. He released a statement saying that Obama ignored Cooties&he has the virus. 
I keep hearing "Don't worry about Corona it is only deadly for older people" I am "Older People" Thanks
Iran’s President Rouhani addresses medical response to corona outbreak in the country. Strange how far apart he and chief of staff of armed forces Bagheri are seated. 
Hinduism: I don’t want #CoronaVirus to enter India Hindutva: I want corona virus to infect all Muslims and even if few Hindus get sick because of it, it’s ok... As long the larger cause is served.
What is Corona? Indians : A joke.
a Jamaican woman told me none finna happen here that if Corona get to Jamaica they mash it up n send it back wherever it came from God bless that energy  …
Corona-chan... please no bulli. 
Look at how the Airport is empty because of Corona Virus. 
I'm seriously going to make a trip to Kenya and Nigeria once this Corona virus is over  …
Iran’s confirmed corona cases is now 5,823 with 145 killed. There have been over 1,000 new cases in the last 24 hours.
Malt Whisky kills the Corona Virus. That's what I am telling my wife.
Corona beers are halving their prices because people are scared of drinking it. Let's be smart next time and name the next virus the Nintendo Switch Virus or something.
why r ppl acting like the corona virus is the apocalypse
Tomorrow is the #FathersDay The birth anniversary of #ImamAli a.s. The first Imam, cousin and son in law of the Prophet Mohammed pbuh Congratulations #Iranians celebrate this day as #MenDay / #FathersDay This was my effort No shopping were involved bc of #Corona 
No brainer, Tucker. POTUS needs to 2b down on campaign promise 2 "Bring Back Mfg 2 USA," especially meds. "America First" only way 2 save planet? @realDonaldTrump #MAGA 2 protect against corona & other threats, US must  less dependent on China  …
id get infected with the corona virus if it meant bradley beal would be a sixer
First case of Corona Virus in Tamil nadu. The person has a travel history from Oman Worldwide #CoronaVirus cases crossed 1 lakh yesterday.
TWITTER The Embassy has been informed that there are U.S. citizens on a Nile cruise ship on which 12 crew members tested positive for the corona virus (Covid-19). The Embassy is working to provide consular services and assistance, in coordination with the Egyptian government.
#ThePropheticTimeline. This are the beggining of Birthpains, Corona virus, locust. Be born again and receive JESUS time is over. Hebrews 12 [NIV] [vs: 14] Make every effort to live in peace with all men and to be holy; without holiness no one will see the Lord. 
Corona ruined a lot of plans tbh
i don’t have Corona .. I only have Viral & my allergies have kicked in bad.. Baki Sab Changa Si Dosto.  …
#Leaked #Turkey giving wrong information to the @who about #coronavirus & hiding the truth about number of death #Turkish police arresting those who are reporting about the corona virus in #Turkey Reason: Coronavirus Affecting Tourism industry in Turkey #Erdogan 
...P.S. an informative roundtable from John Hopkins University about the corona virus:  …
LOL Hate to be the one that nitpicks “jokes” but this joke is an unfunny lie at best and indicative of self hate at worst. Corona’s most highlighted preventive measure is personal hygiene something we’re accustomed to unlike our white counterparts,where It’s a foreign concept  …
People that train their necks don’t get the Corona virus
Corona Virus who?  …
Mr President will you tell China we will be putting a 1 Billion dollar tariff on each Corona Virus death they cause in America....Thank you @realDonaldTrump
Tips to keep CORONA VIRUS away : Avoid touching : MOUTH / EYES / NOSE . . . . abbreviated as : M E N #coronavirusinindia
Every election year has a disease SARS ——— 2004 AVIAN ——— 2008 SWINE ——— 2010 MERS ———- 2012 EBOLA ——— 2014 ZIKA ———— 2016 EBOLA ——— 2018 CORONA —— 2020 Coincidence ?
#50sWomen Good to hear the government calling the over 60s elderly and vulnerable when  to the corona virus. When  to state pension we’re young and fit enough to work till we’re 66+. Whatever suits! #BackTo60
Dance Monkey with Coronavirus Lyric, zor swpas #CoronaViruesue #Corona 
#JacSimFever increasing Guyz after Corona Stay Safe Everyone
I got choked and gave throat so hard last night I woke up with a soar throat... now my mom is trynna make me go get tested for the corona virus gee 
It’s called the #WuhanVirus from #CHINA. Corona Virus is a gas-lighting opportunity; a propaganda tool used to increase fear. Stop the fear. The sky is not falling.  sense precautions. You’ll be fine! Who is watching the $8BB closely....
In Erbil: Women's salons officially to close as well as children's play areas, bars, malls closed as from tomorrow until April 1st. #Corona TwitterKurds
#ShivaSays: The Corona Paradox,  and secular meet Namaste = Communal Salaam = Secular While Namaste is indeed universal, but those who, for their ideological leanings, see it as a symbol  do a Salaam. Prevent getting infected, save your life.
Corona beer really is cheaper now lol can’t wait for that student loan virus to sweep the nation
If it's all the same to you, me will just stay away from the Corona virus right here, under this pile of clothes, for ultimate protection. #pug #pugs #scribblepug #Coronavirusflorida #COVID19 #CoronaOutbreak #COVID2019 #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaAlert #Coronvirus 
Corona about to lose heavily right now  …
I really need people to stop saying the spread of corona virus “isn’t that serious” and that it’s “hysteria” - for the people who have lost loved ones or are hospitalized with it, trust me it VERY serious for them.
America can have all the money in the world to fight the corona virus but if we are led by an IDIOT, does it even matter??? Look where we are now because a CLUELESS IDIOT, who simply doesn't go away, has a "hunch" that the virus will go away!!!  …
If you’re a healthy person not worried about dying or being affected by Corona If you’re exposed to it and are quarantined for up to 14 days. How would that affect your job.?? I guess if you‘re ok not working for weeks at a time, should be fine
Who will really struggle with corona? —First responders —Rural hospitals —The poor, with bad healthcare, jobs where they are cleaning, cooking, interacting with the public As usual, those who care the most, work the hardest, and are treated the worst...
I live in Scotland, we drink a lot, death from Corona has always been a possibility, this isn’t new
Me trying to get corona so I can have some days off:  …
It’s today! Our Corona virus strategy! Happy Caturday my peeps! #Caturday 
I got my haircut and the hairdresser asked if I was all set for the corona virus, this is new chit chat I’m not familiar with
I am less concerned that politicians might have contracted Corona Virus at @AIPAC than I am that it was just business as usual at AIPAC with checks being handed out to get people to ignore apartheid.
“Fighting an epidemic like corona requires scientific temper, humanism and a spirit for inquiry and reform. I strictly follow scientists & experts than those who eulogise on the imagined benefits of cow dung and cow urine." - Kerala’s Health Minister KK Shailaja This Quote
Another consequence of the  #Iran regime under which 100s have contracted #Coronavirus. Many gov officials have been infected, and two MPs have died. Now an Iranian leader who was involved with the US embassy hostage crisis died of corona.  …
Credit goes to Sindh Govt to control Corona Virus: Federal Govt admitted @BBhuttoZardari @ShahNafisa @SyedNasirHShah @AzadareBenazir @KhuhroNida @asgaad @zahida_ansari @sariyarana @QadirSabaPPP @ArfaBhutto @SassuiZafar @PPPInfoBureau @PPPPInfoSecy @Rotary 
I’m confused. Why is everyone buying toilet roll?! Does corona virus make you shit like a geyser or something?
Crude Oil has hit historic Low of $46/Barrel in International Markets due to #Corona Outbreak This mandates #PTIGovernment to reduce around Rs15/litre next month in #Petrol Price!
Oh!!!!! My province, Fujian just got rid of the corona virus! It became the third province of China that got rid of 
Be safe from corona virus pls karona hand shake sirf karo namaste #corona 
Hi Boris Johnson  your government has addressed people over 60 as “old & vulnerable” re the corona-virus, but they’re considered young and fit for work until they’re over 66?
According to delusional Donny, even doctors are amazed at how much he knows about #coronavirus Perhaps this explains why the USA actually leads the world in the rate of deaths from Corona virus.  …
"The Treasury of the US does not allow the transfer of medicine and medical equipment purchased from Iran to treat patients with #Corona. US officials are clearly lying and there has been no suspension of human sanctions. They have targeted #Iran and the Iranian people."  …
Anyone catch the Corona Virus yet? 
"Dr. Trump" You have to be able to "Read and Write" to determine a diagnosis and/or symptoms. Besides, I am sure that Dr. Trump believes that you get the virus from drinking "Corona Beer"! 
TDP & Jana Sena trolls are after @sanagajapati for visiting a Church. I thought you guys avowed secularism? Anyway there're critical issues like Corona virus, economic despair, unemployment etc. Didn't your leaders ask you to work for society or you happy trolling women? 1/2
This Corona shit is driving me crazy. I’ve never seen so many stupid people tweeting and blaming the GOP leaders and our Prez. YOU KNOW ITS OUT THERE! IF UR THAT PARANOID STAY THE F&$K HOME!
Your reality check for Saturday, March 7, 2020: President Trump Corona Virus US cases: 164 US deaths: 11 Panic Level: Mass hysteria President Obama H1N1 Virus US Cases: 60.8 MILLION US Deaths: 22,469 Panic Level: Totally chill
You may or may not catch Coronavirus if you’re in contact with corona patients, kiss them, make love with them, eat pig, snake bat earthworm cockroach but you’d certainly catch it & you’re destined to suffer if you utter a single word against Lt Col MS Dhoni. Hail Dhoni. RGKMKB
Imagine having auto immune disease and NOT being able to get hand sanitiser ANYWHERE because of everyone hyping up the corona virus scare
There are 100k confirmed Corona cases and it's global. There are 1.7B people of East Asian descent worldwide and 15M East Asian Americans. Please refrain from freaking out, harassing, or attacking people because of their race.  …
I asked this question before but anybody heard of a child/children contracting the Corona Virus?Seems it's the adults who are getting it.Could be that the children may just be host/carriers?? Could it be that their immunity systems are stronger than the older peoples immunity ??
I was treated to a rather wonderful lunar corona last night at Tyrella Beach. Find out more about this atmospheric phenomenon (and see more of my Moon shots from the past few months) in my latest blog  
Corona virus is the first thing made in china that has lasted for more than a month
Corona virus don't stand a chance against me  …
To put #Coronavirus into perspective: according to the WHO, every year 4.2 million people die from outdoor air pollution, mostly from burning fossil fuels. What measures will we accept if millions die from Corona? And what to phase out fossil fuel use?  …
Been 3 steps ahead of corona virus. Chess not chequers  …
* Corona Virus destroying earth * * Asteroid arrives * Le Corona Virus to Asteroid : 
Am I the only one that feels invincible to the corona virus?
So....with ECCC canceled, as well as potential other major events across the country where affected by the Corona virus, many vendors & artists relying on said events for  will be affected. Though I'm not as big as others, I'd like to do my part to help boost them here! 
if i die from corona tell the egirls that i love them
Daddys Gurl is spreading awareness about Corona Virus. Good job, guys! @DirekChrisM @mainedcm #DADDYSGURLPantaCy #MaineMendoza
Until i see a nigga with the corona virus, it’s all cap
Interesting Corona analysis through the mathematical mind of an engineer Pray her numbers are wrong
How is he a 39 year old female Corona Virus be changing people's genders now  …
How to self-diagnose Corona Virus NB: This method is not 100% accurate. You will still need to undergo lab tests for final diagnosis. #CoronaVirusSA 
Why is the world fighting Corona virus than the way it normally fights hunger? Yet hunger claims more lives than corona virus! I have a feeling that it is because corona is an urban virus traveling through air & affecting the rich yet hunger affects the poor. Lets discuss.
Can all the people who have travelled out of the country especially from all the corona infected countries take responsibility and go test for #CoronaVirusSA #CoronavirusInSA #Coronavirussouthafrica We can’t be sitting at home worried when we were okay chilling in 
maybe corona isnt that bad, kill off the boomers :P
Just your regular reminder that local gov public health teams which are leading response to Corona virus don't have agreed budgets for new year starting in 25 days time. Employing much British understatement I'd say that's far from ideal.  …
Live updates: US coronavirus cases top 300 By Ben Westcott, Adam Renton and Rob Picheta, CNN Updated 6:56 a.m. ET, March 7, 2020 I thought Trump said the Corona Virus is a hoax?? MAGAts are even saying it's fake news !!!!
Worried about #corona? Today's @telegraphtravel answers all of the questions you may have about travel. There's also a glorious 12-page special about travelling in the UK put together by yours truly. . . . #travel #uktravel 
In world, AIDS found in Congo Nipah in Malaysia Corona in China Ebola in South Sudan Bird flu in Hong Kong Dengue in Manila BUT Crores gather in Kumbh Mela Take bath at a time in same river Yet no virus takes birth Bcoz invisible scientific powers like God-Dharma protect us
March 7 - Tehran, #Iran National Anti-Corona Headquarters Armed Forces Chief of Staff Mohammad Bagheri & Interior Min. Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli sitting next to President Hassan Rouhani, indicating the #COVIDー19 case has  a military/security matter for the regime. 
No officer, I was just protecting myself from corona virus. 
#panickbuying For what?. The Tories have it all under control.. Fat racist shaking hands with corona patients that don't exist, and Tony Hancock ringing imaginary supermarket bosses. Lap it up suckers...
How to feel really old ! Older female patient approaches me and says "Hi Mr McGovern you still working ? you looked after my mother ! " smiles and walks on. I was not quick enough to say "No I  back out of retirement to beat this corona thing !" #stillworking
Anyone else just got corona ?  …
We Survived Tsunami in 2000 Cholera in 2001 Malaria in 2002 Earthquake in 2003 SwineFlue in 2007 El Nino in 2015 Ebola in 2016 Zuma in 2017 Dineo in 2017 Listeriosis in 2018 We will survive corona virus. .
Drama at main gate a Chinese man wanted to enter school he was wearing his face mask and upon reaching securities then he coughed all of them scatter upon the mask !! Then they started interrogating him like Asif they would know If he has corona virus
136 Corona infected in Norway as of now. Zero hospitalizations. Only mild symptoms. Norway has tested pretty extensively, leading me to believe that we have identified a rather high percentage of actual infections. Singapore has done the same. Also 0 deaths of 130 cases.
When India's Vasco da gama can't go abroad due to corona scares 
1. I have spoken to an anaesthetist at Parirenyatwa Hospital. If the Corona Virus hits Harare, severe cases will need to be in ICU run by anaesthetists. He said that at the moment Pari can only admit 2 patients bcoz there are NO nurses & equipment. Wilkins has no ICU capacity. 
Wake up Wake up God sits on his throne and warns us. Everything is happening in this world: Corona virus, earthquakes, storms, strange angry clouds, unexpected hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, wickedness, good is bad and bad is good. These are the warnings such as the days of Noah 
BREAKING: Leading virologist confirms the coronavirus is spread solely by men. Dr B.J. Hardick explained: "Corona breeds in the male groin area. If men simply stop scratching their balls and shaking hands with other men, we can stop this pandemic." The human race is doomed.
None of the Channel or journalist or channel is inviting Ayurved, Homeopath doctor in debate regarding #CoronaVirus .. it seems Channels are endorsing Modern Medical Science which is yet to find any medicine for Corona Virus...Masks, Tissue Papers and Sanitisers are not medicines
Arrived in Delhi this morning. Very organised lines for #Corona screening and officials were super helpful and polite
If you grew up drinking water out the faucet/ hose your immune from getting the corona virus
J&K bracing for impact. Two cases ‘highly probably’ of corona in Jammu. Around 5 suspected ones isolated in Kashmir. Few isolations in Leh too. All primary schools ordered to remain closed in Jammu, Srinagar and Samba. All biometric attendances for employees stopped for now.
A question. How often are busses, trains etc cleaned/sanitised especially now when the corona virus can, apparently, survive for relatively long periods on surfaces?
Corona Virus has been in the air across many countries. With Nigeria's slow economic recovery since the last recession & the effects of the #COVID19LAGOS on crude oil price, clearly we ain't out of the woods yet as #Nigeria could be heading for her WORST recession ever. 
200307 #박지훈 Mays I was supposed to be having a happy encore concert with Mays ㅠㅠ but then i will work harder to prepare next time I Love You May always be careful of corona (virus)!! 
The Dpt of Health has really been reckless in handling this Corona situation. These 10 other travelers, why were they not isolated the moment they knew they were a risk?
Calm explanation of corona implications for sex workers  …
#Corona crisis: EU is silent #Greece/Turkey migrant crisis: EU is silent #France strike/protest crisis: EU is silent #Catalonia independence crisis: EU is silent
Me arriving in France after paying $00.38 for my round trip plane tickets because of the corona virus scare 
BREAKING NEWS 2nd case of Corona Virus confirmed by the health Ministry. Apparently the person is from Gauteng and she was part of the 10 crew that travelled from Italy #CoronaVirusSA
OMG. The tweets that say: THE US HAS THE HIGHEST DEATH RATE FROM CORONA VIRUS are fearmonging bullshit. That stat is dependent on the denominator - the number of cases - and we don’t have widespread testing yet. Our media is garbage. /1
Just saw this on fb #Waspiinternational #1950sWomen Good to hear the government calling the over 60s elderly and vulnerable when  to the corona virus. When  to state pension we’re young and fit enough to work till we’re 66+. Whatever suits!
Such a unique sight Fajr prayer at Masjid el Haraam this morning. @HolyKaaba #Corona #coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Corona what now?  …
Corona virus In Gauteng Rest in peace everyone. I love y'all
Momento Mori – Unpopular Thoughts on Corona Virus - I have always been very fond of this photo, for reasons which are perhaps obvious. We are left to right Celia, Stuart, Neil, Craig and throughout our childhood we really were that close and that happy.  …
This is fun. Rumors flying fast and furious about corona in Vietnam. I think I'm going to go out and fight someone for some toilet paper just to feel alive 
Two political officials that attended CPAC in Israel tested positive for Corona. They arent saying which 2. There is suspect list, top of my feed, in the article. McConnell, Pence? Want to know the WORST part? They were priveldged to be able to get tested! I had a feeling!
Great Initiative by Government of India and @MoHFW_INDIA All mobile caller tunes now have Corona Virus Related Precaution information @shail_bhatnagar @PMOIndia
I’m well on my way to a #caronavirus (hangover) ... I’m looking forward to 14 days quarantine with my stock of corona ... 
Happy corona holiday 
News media - I dare you to run a headline like this... “66.44 Million people in the UK DON’T have Corona Virus.”
really sad today. @sxsw has been cancelled due to corona virus. my heart goes out to the bands/artists like myself, that slog there arses off for good opportunities. thanks for all the good wishes and ffs WASH YOUR HANDS p.s sorry about the g’s mom 
All those people who voted to shaft British science - yup, Brexiters, I’m talking to you - and are now looking to British science to save you from the Corona Virus, don’t worry, unlike you, scientists will do their best to help.
WTF I think people are being racist because they already were, but didn't have an excuse to do anything before, and now because of the corona virus they're just using it as an excuse to be racist.
2nd case of Corona Virus reported & confirmed by the South African Health Minister. I ask again; How prepared is Zimbabwe’s health delivery system to deal with this dangerous virus if and when it reaches this end? How confident are our doctors & nurses. Have they been equipped? 
Corona virus has entered Gauteng, the patient has been admitted at Charlotte Maxeke 
Not sure if i got the flu or corona 
Proof utter idiocy of market and purchaser provider split and tariff that makes elective procedures pay and loses  on acute unscheduled care is trust managers around country having crisis meetings on what Corona will do to  streams & business model. Not airlines!
i made a joke abt corona virus and aids..... and i'm asian and trans..... which one doesn't involve me, quickly. 
Smoking menthols so I don’t get corona virus
come take a selfie with me i have corona
Saudi Arabia empties the Kaaba for 'sterilization' amid Corona virus fear. All these omnipotent, omniscient and omnipresent Gods and not one of them seem able to protect their holy sites. I find their lack of faith refreshing ! 
Hey guys, watch my special. Leave a  Share it on social media and don’t get corona virus. 
Life is difficult now a days Go outside and you are afraid of "Virus Corona" Stay at office and you are afraid of "Target pura Carona" Stay at home and you are afraid of "Yeh Carona, Woh Carona"...
This is the reason why corona virus is spreading so fast... There are people who deliberately serve the devil, spreading the virus every one... Be careful please... #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusPakistan 
Credit goes to Sindh Govt to control Corona Virus: Federal Govt admitted @BBhuttoZardari 
No Corona in turkey - All tests are done from a single center - Create your own native test kit (the fastest test kit in the world with results in 15 minutes) - All results are negative ... - Take control of social media! #CoronaVirusChallenge #corona 
Sindh defeats #Corona! 1st patient of #CoronaVirus in #Pakistan travelled to Karachi from Iran, was kept in isolation & treated for 11 days. His all reports negative now, will be discharged today. Weldone Health Department Sindh, Weldone AKUH. #PakistanZindabad #CoronaVirusUpdate
A strong sense of civic duty! Singapore is the most successful country in the world containing the corona virus. Here is what the rest of us can learn! 
Our top priority is the health & safety of  - from Sunday March 8 to Saturday April 4, training institutes & educational service centres in UAE must close their premises to students & deliver all training through distance learning only. #COVID19 #Corona 
Up until yesterday he thought Corona Virus was a mate of Stormy Daniels.
Corona virus next month:  …
I'll start worrying about Corona virus when there's a panic buy on ale
26,150 people die in the United States every year on average from the flu. Over 30,000 people a year die in car accidents. Corona virus has claimed 17, mostly elderly out of 350 million people in the U.S. Get a grip, consider how you're being manipulated by media.
Your Smile is Corona, and my heart is unbearable Chinese 
What is bothering me about the Corona virus reports is the assumption old people don’t matter much. When did that happen? “It’s only granddad Brian. He’s on his way out anyway”
Corona  suicide today! Promised never to enter india  life times! #coronavirus 
More people are dying by suicide worldwide than from corona virus . I’m all for preparedness but just dwell on that fact for a minute and think about years of life lost and the suffering . #MentalHealthMatters
Corona is my new crush Now I’ll never get it 
So, in 3 years time, I'll be elderly and at risk for corona virus stats but at the same time I'll be fit and healthy enough to work for another 7 years? I'm a walking fucking miracle. #coronvirusuk #Corvid19
52 testing sites for COVID -19 in India by Indian Council of Medical Research #coronavirusindia #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #Corona @ICMRDELHI @MoHFW_INDIA @drharshvardhan 
Globally, the corona has killed more than 3000 people. While this is tragic for those effect, what the media fails to tell you is that over 14,000 people have died and over 250,000 people have been hospitalised from the influenza virus this season, just in the US.
FLASH: President @MBuhari has approved the release of another N620M to tackle Coronavirus. Perhaps, the FG had earlier released the sum of N364M for the same purpose a few weeks ago. This brings the total sum of money released to fight Corona virus to N984M. God Bless Nigeria!!!
So what does COVID-19 stand for? CO=Corona VI=Virus D=Disease 19=average number of jokes per hour made about it
Sarkar: says they’re doing the best they can to make sure they’re ready to handle a corona outbreak Also sarkar: organises mass gatherings like Eid is around the corner and they haven’t a care in the world Y’all really outdoing yourselves this time.
And the virus is... Sorry, and "la cerveza es Corona"... More junk brought back from Mexico in 1986. They might have been on the table once or twice, so I don't need them. #Mexico86 @MemoriaFutbol_ 
She's faking corona to sleep at the hospital
#Corona virus scare is real & its increasing among masses. Some exhibitors informed me that audience are seen wearing masks inside the cinema halls. #Baaghi3 is facing corona heat on Saturday as there is a drop in occupancy,  releases can face the same issue this month.
2 days into dem corona holidays and im already lifless and bored
Corona Virus: “You cannot defeat me” WHO: “I know...but he can” Moby: *Busts in*
Corona Virus feat. Tharak Bhojpuri music seldom disappoints. 
this Corona Virus thing is being blown out of proportion because there are so many ignorant people, who have 0 idea about it and are spreading their ignorant views to other stupid impressionable people.
At this time in a Country called Nigeria, we've been fed with stories abt CORONA VIRUS, 1 UNKNOWN ITALIAN who aledgedly brought the Virus to Naija The Ish for me is that, we have NEVER SEEN A PIC of the said ITALIAN or know his name either #TachaSaveNigeria & get us his 
Lighten up everyone it’s only the Corona Virus 
5 day bender in Ibiza.. party to party.. rollover champion.. minimal food.. & you think a little bit of corona virus is gonna stop me.. Cheap flights pending 
It’s crazy here. So many people are panic shoplifting due to the Corona Virus. #Essex
Imagine having both HIV and Corona virus 
Just in: @MinofHealthUG has placed a travel ban on countries that have had an outbreak of the Corona virus in recent weeks including Spain,Italy, Iran, France and China. Foreigners and nationals are urged not to travel to Uganda. #NTVNews 
Due to the corona virus, I will no longer be passing my blunt
Mad oo Nigerians visit Everything Tacha she has a cure for Corona virus 
Be safe from Corona Virus, spread the word!  …
FUCK CORONA! Kiss me right now
Lmasihiye tol3o 3a aber mar charbel w they fucking VANDALIZED the poor dead man's tomb with spoons because a random woman had a dream that his tomb's soil would cure Corona... y'all if you like the man just let him REST IN PEACE
ALERT the corona virus can be spread through moulin rouge tickets. if you have one at home, put on some gloves, put them in a plastic bag and put it outside the front door tonight. im collecting all the plastic bags tonight for safety. think of your health.
I am also a corona measure. 
As if people don’t already have the fear enough. Imagine you had symptoms of Corona virus and these cunts turned up at your door 
I don't like him either... and it looks like his tickets arent selling the arenas, but switching to smaller venues for the Corona virus, is smart A lot of shows are being canceled if they have over 1000 people in the venue So if you have less people you can skirt past this rule
there will be no new episodes while two weeks due to corona virus for #WhenTheWeatherisFine 
30 Corona Virus case hote hi market se Sanitizer aur masks gayab!
My father was coughing, he drank water. After a while he coughed again and mama started telling him about the symptoms of corona virus the way papa was looking at mama that made me laugh.
Corona made me realise that the freedom to be able to rub your eyes till you have an eye orgasm, to spread vaseline on lips with your fingers, randomly touch your own cheeks and forehead, lick the last bite of food from your hands before finishing meal is priceless. #COVIDー19
Nayeon: isn't it a shame? That you can't do vlive with us? Tzuyu: yess... Nayeon: how do you feel about not being able to do vlive with us? Tzuyu: it's just too funny... (I can't catch the rest) Tzuyu also wish this corona situation to pass soon
Swine flu walked so corona virus could run
“Corona Virus Tech Handbook” - open source guide for  / #startups by the London school of political technologists including debunking misinformation online about the #COVIDー19 outbreak includes #whatsapp groups for 
Corona virus is a Sanghi. It wants to turn the whole world into a Hindu Rashtra.  virus.  …
 the OVER 60’s according to the latest GOVERNMENT CORONA reports are ELDERLY and VULNERABLE and yet they are FIT and HEALTHY to work till they’re 68 plus
. @realDonaldTrump there are several Coronaviruses, not a single one of them are called "Corona". I mean, you can even say "this Coronavirus" and get away with it. But saying "the medical" and "Corona" just makes you look like exactly what you are — a fucking moron!
Flying in times of Corona? You certainly have many questions about it. We  some facts and answers.
Good to hear the government calling the over 60s elderly and vulnerable when  to the corona virus. When  to state pension we’re young and fit enough to work till we’re 66+. Whatever suits! #coronvirusuk #Government
A friend called to ask if I am up for a movie on Sunday and then lunch later and I was like "nahi yaar abhi ye Corona virus ka kaafi khauff hai, ye week rehne dete hain" and he chuckled and said "aur waise to tu bohot bahar jati hai, haina". I hate such truth speaking frnds smh.
In a parallel world PPP Gov in Sindh and the ever present Bhutto has defeated Corona Virus. Btw The patient was admitted in Agha Khan Hospital. Inn per ticket lagaao  …
Clostridium, Legionella and Nocardia (3 harmful bacteria found in soil) watching Lebanese people eating dirt to cure Corona: 
thanks for using d tag See ur face u look hungry N please cut ur beards corona virus is hiding inside #TachaSaveNigeria
There will be no sweetheart US/UK trade deal. Ireland shafted - Pelosi made it clear. This Andrew story isn't going away, and neither is Huawei. Less than 100 days until Johnson extends the implementation period, blaming the EU & Corona.  …
Good morning everyone - its a dry grey sort of day Here is another from my kestrel set just wish id got this more central Have a great day and try not to get caught up in Corona hype . 
The fact that Mc oluomo could initiate a concept to eradicate or stop the spread of Corona Virus is indeed applaudable. Sometimes it’s not by  sense matters.
Somewhere in Ghana there's a Rapper Calling himself "Lil Corona Virus"And Claims He's Killing other Rappers
d: “brah there’s one case of corona here” me: where? d: “I’m saying there’s a coronavirus case here in Hawai’i dumbass” ya’ll don’t know how disappointed I was
Starting the Saturday with a walk against Lassa fever and Corona virus in Abia state. Stay healthy and live responsibly. #CoronaVirus 
Trump asking if the Flu shot would work on Corona is about all you need to know to understand how much he knows on this topic.  …
In Denmark we are so obsessed with petty, meaningless, populist, nationalist symbols that we have made citizenship dependent on a handshake. In the shadow of Corona virus, our political leadership has now canceled citizenship ceremonies instead of disregarding the handshake
Lunchtime #humour - Breaking News: . . . . . . Few Corona viruses were seen wearing masks outside Rajnikanth’s house! #Rajinikanth #Superman
Corona can spread through social media--Be alert:) RT 
We highly encourage everyone to check real time news about Corona Virus. DOH announced recently that it is code red. Let's invest on our health and follow the precautions like @_IUofficial Salute to our frontliners as well! Tunay kayong bayani na nasa medical 
Stop the spread of Novel Corona Virus (CoVID-19). Protect yourself and others. Follow these Do's and Don'ts #CoronaVirusIndia 
[200307] @GFRDofficial #GFRIEND #여자친구 “Yerin noona~ Do you have any plans to extend the use of blue highlights?” #YERIN: “I do. But when can I show you....? Corona.........Ha.....” 
Woman coughs and swallows Conductor: Mama ka corona virus okamize webale okutatusiga
China ne 2 bade khatarnak virus diye hai 2nd is Corona while Pyar will always remain first.
DON'T DO BULK TAG #Corona ..‍ Lag jayega Look what have u done. #NewProfilePic DP me mask daldo  
Corona flop Corona disband Corona cancelled
STANFORD SIDESTEPS FEDERAL PROCESS TO SOLVE CORONA VIRUS Prestigious University has developed their own testing kits, and path towards developing a vaccination. @cdc  …
She meant to say she got the herps not corona
How down bad do you have to be to fake having corona to sleep in a hospital bed until your next onlyfans  thru
Some very helpful advice on #COVIDー19 from my friend, eminent psychologist and researcher at @UCSF @Dr_Epel Take precautions against corona virus but don’t panic!  …
Can any one confirm whether this is true!! Corona in #chennai One infected person who returned from Singapore has been identified in Prestige Apartments @Porur and health department is locking up  facilities in that apartment.
wtf is this corona caller tune
Corona Virus is the Bajrang Dal version of  no touching, kissing, hugging in public.
Okay, those who were asking for schools n hospitals in the place of Ram Mandir, well, there is good news to you. Lil Yogi Bear has heard you. The Haj House in UP's Ghaziabad is transformed into the Corona Virus isolation Center. I hope you are pleased now
e’one talking about hospital for coronavirus patients, people praising doctors, some praying, scientists trying to find its cure but no one speaking a word for memorial for corona victims. damn humanity. we need a fabulous beautiful world class memorial that we can be proud of
if i get the corona virus im going to a trump rally
Shouldn’t we start constructing a hospital for corona patients already? We are not known as swift builders hence we should already be starting
Changing geo-politics and geo-strategic equations directly impact our National Security. Add to that the epidemics such as the recent Corona Virus outbreak in China and other parts of the  and further makes the International scenario 
Breaking News: Corona Virus is not leaving South Africa because it's enjoying AmaPiano #CoronaVirusChallenge
Corona Exams Weather in north Protests Riots Dull phase Against all odds @iTIGERSHROFF stands tall Baaghi3 Best Action Film
Watch: Before starting with the #SocialMediaMasterClass at the @DurbanPlayhouse we're playing this awareness video about the Corona Virus produced by the World Health Organisation. 
I don't think Marwari people can get infected with Corona Virus. We put a lot of ghee in our Rotis and Baatis. Also, we put a lot of oil on our heads. To get this oil off our hands, our handwashing is so intense, the Corona Virus would die for its next 7 births.
Corona based harm reduction 
When your not trying to get the corona virus but fashionably. 
The raising of Code Red is a “preemptive call”...meaning to take action in order to prevent an anticipated event from happening. This does not mean that we are already in an uncontrollable situation with the spread of the corona virus. 
W for Corona virus
I couldn’t get out of my home for over one month because of the corona virus in Shanghai, so...I bought a temporary electric guitar for fun 
this stupid corona virus is ruining everything
You’re more likely to die from panick & hysteria than from corona virus 
In China now , we have improved on how to live a normal - active lifestyle without fear.. This is our new wave... . Corona Virus Abr3. 
COMING TOMORROW! CORONA HOTEL: KENT WASHINGTON, Coming to a city near you! #CoronaVirusSeattle #COVIDー19 #pandemic #BePrepared #donotfear #beresponsible 
Imagine! Detol can help in fighting Corona virus and we're ignorant of it... It's written on the container Zoom and read... 
The bones of an English saint have been found in the walls of a Folkestone church! WHEN WILL THEY BE PASSED HAND TO SWEATY HAND TO SAVE US FROM CORONA YOU TORY FUCKNAZIS?????
IRONIC: Kids Birthday Special, Across the street from what is said to be a deadly diesease holding area? Wonder if this going to sell more bowling packeges? CORONA HOTEL: KENT WASHINGTON, EXCLUSIVE VIDEO, courtesy of Marfoogle News 
#Corona virus is large in size where the cell diameter is 400-500 micro and for this reason *any mask prevents its entry* The virus does not settle in the air but is grounded, so it is *not transmitted by air*. #COVID19 by @UNICEF
Trump called the governor of Washington a snake today. The governor had the audacity to criticize the federal government’s response to the Corona Virus. Trump is golfing now.
This mornings main headline on the BBC . An eighty year old has  the second person to die of Corona virus in the UK. Dear @BBC how many people died from Cancer yesterday? How many people died from flu this winter? Now go wash your hands!
Does corona virus give you the shits? If so I will be scrapping for toilet roll. #coronavirus 
Corona who? 
Hajj House in Ghaziabad to be turned into 500 bed Corona virus hospital. A  move. All mosques, mandirs and churches should also be turned to hospitals for Corona virus hospital when shit hits the fan.
If there is one thing corona is demonstrating is Americans profoundly poor understanding of statistics. There problem is people use data and think they get statistics  …
Dear Corona Virus Tanzanian people don't know anything please don't kill us sweetcori,corinizer,cori baby,coronana pliz cori eeeenh i love you
Shout out to the thousands of insane people hoarding bottled water at Costco. The CDC says you should avoid crowds. Congratulations!! You will now be the most hydrated Corona virus victims in America!!
Here's the real news: Trump fired practically the entire leadership team of the US pandemic response task force in 2018, just in time to  unprepared for the Corona virus epidemic we see unfolding now. His  is killing Americans.  …
Coronavirus: they need to cut the PR bullshit and stick to the science. Example - widely reported that 21 people tested on Grand Princess positive. But only 48 were tested. So another way to say it is 40% of those tested had corona virus.
#Baaghi3 Friday- ₹ 17.50 cr nett. Emerges HIGHEST OPENER of 2020. Film incurred loss of approx 1.5-2 cr nett due to corona virus threat. Saturday & Sunday biz is expected to witness substantial growth.
You caught the corona virus? Sorry son. I just don't need that sort of negativity in my life
The novel corona has infected over 1 lakh people and killed over 3000 people. In India alone, over 30 cases have been tested positive for novel corona virus and many more cases are suspected.
#coronavirusindia As we all are aware of the outbreak of nCoV corona virus disease caused by the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), which began in Wuhan, China in December 2019 The disease has spread to 97 other countries & territories around the world including #India #updates
Things you can’t get Corona Virus from — 1.) Corona beer. 2.) Chinese food. 3.) Your random Asian neighbor who has never been exposed, but just happens to be Asian.
CORONA ALERT! If you feel sick at any point during your travel, inform the airlines' crew. They will get you the medical attention required immediately. #coronavirus #COVIDー19 
Somewhere out there, there's already a Tsonga baby named Corona Maluleke 
Toilet  sold out in supermarkets? Did you lot not wipe your ass before corona
i know there’s a lot of racism against asians right now because of the corona virus but what we’re NOT going to do is the whole WHAT IF THEY WERE BLACK thing because those situations are no where NEAR interchangeable
Here’s all I know about the corona virus: 1) the mainstream media says to freak out about it 2) the mainstream media is evil to the core and all they do is lie 3) you avoid it by doing the things you already do 4) number 3 is the only part that matters at all
I’ve got the Corona 
My honest hope is that everyone’s corona fueled run on hand sanitizer creates the antibiotic resistant strain of something that really does the business.
i swear to god i just hate all of you. thanks to your little #and your stupid worries people are saying that l!am is doing drugs, some are even saying he has corona and other stuffs, thank you liammies. thank you so much.
ALERT The Corona Virus Can Be Spread Through Money. If You yhave Any Money At Home, Put it on Some Gloves, Put All The Money In To A Plastic Bag And Put It outside The Front Door Tonight. I'm Collecting All The Plastic Bags Tonight Forr Safety. Think of Your Health.
How do you call Corona Virus (covid-19) in your local language? Me; Senyiga wa China
you can wash your hands to avoid corona virus but whatever you do don’t stop kissing your homies
You couldn’t hide a disease like Corona in Turkey. 1- It just takes one footage to leak a quarantined patient. And believe me it would leak like hell 2- Health minister on the record said there maybe some patients among us who didn’t get tested. Made an appeal for the testing
What's the #etymology behind the #coronavirus? The word  from Latin, and literally means a "crown". The name 'Coronavirus' refers to the fact that the virus has crown-like spikes which protrude from its membranes. 
Btw I have a corona virus solution shot in Radhe You guys will see very soon
#JacSimFever More dangerous than Corona Whats your viewpoint @MeerraChopra @rohitjswl01 @kamaalrkhan @AjazkhanActor @GAUAHAR_KHAN @Bhuvneshwarisr1 @KVBohra 
Thread: Memes on how to protect yourself from Corona virus 1. Be like Bunty. Wash your hands regularly. Even if your sabun is slow. 
When the rest of the world is wondering why Corona virus is not spreading rapidly in Africa. Nigerians: 
If someone was to spread corona virus in Uganda. This is the easiest way. Go to the bars in uganda and offer everyone free redlabel, coconut, olmeca, jose queva or belaire
He's scared of Corona Virus
Changing geo-politics and geo-strategic equations directly impact our National Security. Add to that the epidemics such as the recent Corona Virus outbreak in China which has claimed numerous  and further makes the International scenario  RM
What the Fu*k just happened, this is what the fear of Corona virus can cause 
I seriously I can’t believe the paranoia surrounding the corona virus. Yes, I will still hug you at my events. #morescaredoflice #morescaredofbedbugs
corona virus gonna kill us all so if you got a crush on me might as well lmk rn
Few requests from Mew Suppasit management as caution to Corona virus: 1. Do not take a selfie with him by force. 2. Do not hug/touch him. Organizers are making sure Mew's safety is a priority. #MiniThaiWeek2020xMew
My friend in Wisconsin just called me and his 10 year old daughter was just taken to the hospital with flu like symptoms and 105.7 temp. They can’t test her for Corona because no kits there. God.
Johnny’s Jimusho has decided to postpone concerts and other events further for another 15 days due to corona virus. This time it will be affecting Kanjani8 and SexyZone’s events I get more and more anxious for Arashi’s kokuritsu concert  …
I thought I had the corona virus..but it turns out, it’s just aids. God is good  …
ALERT the corona virus can be spread through moulin rouge playbills. if you have them, put on some gloves, put them in a plastic bag and put it outside the front door tonight. i will collect them for your safety, thank you.
Corona:  and torment this country Nigerians: Mad o Corona: #COVID19Lagos 
Dear muslims who are obsessed with Kiamat, calm down. The "empty" kaabah is not baseless. Its because of Corona virus. Also, tawaf and other forms of ibadah are still being done on the 1st and 2nd floor. Also also, this shows the importance of the hidden ibadah than boasting  …
the kind of country that makes shit jokes on corona but takes bigg boss hell seriously
Imagine if we cared about air quality as much as we do corona viruses...
Imagine trying to get refunded from a Corona Virus flight and the airline tells you “Thats a risk you took”
Chosun's report is always beyond my imagination. It said Corona freezes match-making market in Korea, though its peak season. 
Always practice safe Corona Sex. #COVIDー19 
Thank U @TuckerCarlson for speaking the truth. I’m so worried 4 J Assange. I also worried about our unsecured borders. Princess cruise allowed passengers to deboard their ship contaminating Mexico w/the Corona Virus yet our borders remain open? WTH? 
#Baaghi3 had the best opening of the year across by a margin despite #PreHoli , #Exams and #Corona scare..proof of @iTIGERSHROFF's stardom and the ever growing fanbase of #Baaghi franchise... @ShraddhaKapoor @Riteishd @WardaNadiadwala @NGEMovies @foxstarhindi
Now u know how racism feels like. Before corona Virus Blacks have been denied a lot of things in Asian and other other countries especially China , just because our skin colour is black. Now because of coronavirus y’all suddenly preaching racism. Corona kill u all there. Rubbish  …
corona virus got nothing on me  …
In the last year I’ve purchased a VR headset, a dart board, a practice drum kit, puzzles, coloring books & colored pencils. The Old Me’s distraction from doing work and feeling feelings is the New Me’s QUARANTINE BUNKER OF THE CENTURY, COME AT ME CORONA VIRUS I FUCKIN DARE YOU
Jerry is annoyed his girlfriend only washes her hands the length of the Kit Kat jingle George accuses a co-worker with allergies of having “corona cough” Elaine wants to break up with her boyfriend but he’s quarantined Kramer starts making his own hand sanitizer in his bathtub
Hot take on this corona virus #wegottafindacure
absolutely still yelling at that man on the street segment where they interviewed italian people about kissing each other as a greeting during this corona virus outbreak and they’re all “we will never stop because we’re perverts”
SC casuals while hiding out from the corona virus with special guest 
Hey can ya'll corona freaks stop buying out all the toilet paper I need to wipe my ass
I’d rather catch the corona virus than catch feelings
Dettol can help in fighting Corona virus and we're ignorant of it... It's written on the container Zoom and read.. 
Bungie strategically releasing Trials during Corona virus outbreak knowing that all Guardians will be inside for the next month grinding the new content. Keeping us safe 
What such events show is that the kabba is just a regular building, and allah is just a regular myth. Both are powerless against corona. But cognitive dissonance won't let many see what is obvious  …
Sorry I know I said take Corona seriously but I just wanted to post this picture
hi! reminder that corona virus does not give you permission to make asian people feel  you’re not funny! just racist! and ugly
I’m glad corona virus is cancelling events left and right... I didn’t want to go in the first place
Corona Virus - They say avoid mass gatherings to be safe, so I went to Shaheen Bagh - pura khaali
we were gonna perform a few shows at sxsw but it got shut down bc corona hehe see u soon @beautiful fans  …
1,000 Israeli soldiers QUARANTINED over CORONA VIRUS  …
So wow... the venue hosting my 150 plus book signing in Beverly Hills just cancelled due to the Corona Virus. This was an event for next TUESDAY. Panic much??? But here is me tonight at the incredible turnout at DeploraPalooza in Las Vegas. 
Announcement at railway station regarding corona ... Kripya bhidbhad wale jagaho pe jaane se bache ... Me :- 
London is not for beginners #COVIDー19 #Corona #كورونا #كورونا_الكويت 
#Killstream: Dame Returns, Corona Weekender, Bernie's Swastika, + More 
Help prevent the spreading of Coronavirus. Step one: Open your fridge. Step two: Remove ALL cold Corona beers from your fridge. Step three: Drive all Coronas over to my house. Step four: Set them carefully in my fridge. Step five: run like hell and get away to protect yourself!
I would rather get infected with corona virus  …
It’s annoying to see people making fun of the corona virus when they are thousands of miles away from an area with confirmed cases. It’s even more frustrating when these people also want to turn the virus into a joke. Your city probably isn’t going into lockdown. #seattlecovid19
Bit late but okay. 3 step program. First of all, don't accept bribes to let in corona ridden mofos. Number 2, don't demand bribes from corona ridden mofos. Number 3, don't let in corona ridden mofos. Repeat after me...  …
Doja cat talm bout corona is the funniest shit byebsjsjjdjd 
Only Al Jazeera and Vienamese state media seem to be covering the real details. The rest of the world mentions the Vietnam Corona Virus song and absolutely nothing else.   …
Just saw someone’s thread of videos of asian people getting attacked over corona and like 5 of them were from nyc. Great.
Italy : according to many experts the peak of Corona virus is expected for early April. Additional closed-door games cannot be excluded. Maybe obvious but... do not book any non-refundable trip to Turin for the last home games of the season, would be too risky. 
my school cancelled classes for next week because of the corona virus I AM NOT HAPPY SZKSKS BUT PLEASE STAY SAFE EVERYONE!!! WASH YOUR HANDS ALL THE TIME AND WEAR MASKS !!
Ramana About Corona Virus #SarileruNeekevvaru 
ALERT The corona virus can be spread through serotonin. If you have any serotonin at home, put on some gloves, put all the serotonin in a box and put it outside the front door tonight. I'm collecting all the boxes tonight for safety. Think of your health.
After 5 years in Irvine, the people never ceases to amaze me. The whole damn city is sold out of toilet paper and things like canned food because the people are all freaked out about the Corona virus. Now normally I'd ignore this shit but my apartment only has one roll right now.
Someone coughs: Everyone: “Damn you got that Corona?!! ”
UN: The corona virus can now spread through water Africans: 
“no touching your face”, easy to say and difficult to do - more proofs #corona 
Tried a mask on for the first time. How in the world are people breathing through that thing? I think the lack of Oxygen will get me before Corona does.
“Prisons throw people into the paths of epidemics, whether it is TB or HIV or the corona virus"  …
The corona virus? Just wear a LaQuon Treadwell jersey. You won’t catch anything.
CORONA VIRUS Will Not Have Power Over You And Your Family In Jesus Name
Looks like I have a weekend of work ahead. The GEH senior leadership will be spending the weekend meeting via web conference to hammer out details of our corona virus response so it can go into full implementation worldwide Monday. @AnaSGrey and I will have our hands full.
1 person dying of Corona virus in the Philippines and everybody wants to wear a mask, 100,000 cases of HIV and nobody wants to wear a condom.
Six new Corona cases today!! Like I’ve said and many people have also said: 1. Shut all our borders down NOW. 2. Anyone and everyone arriving in Australia from anywhere on this planet cops a mandatory two week quarantine before entering. Just fcking DO IT  …
This is something to consider as well, there are real reasons to TRY to contain Corona and delay how many people get it at once. This is a  issue and there are many sides to consider.  …
Every #corona is not a virus 
I can stop the corona virus, just let me talk to him
Panic Buying - Corona Virus In the last 30 days, many goods have substantially increased in demand: Toilet Paper: 989%+ Face Masks: 421%+ Hand Sanitizer: 231%+ Canned Food: 131%+ Hand Soap: 120%+ Tissues: 91%+ Rice: 45%+ #ToiletPaperPanic #PanicBuying #CoronaVirus #Virus
should I feel happy or sad that the corona virus is helping with disneyland crowds
okay but. that. literally doesn't mean. that an asian person who has never fucking left the USA. has the corona virus
1,000 Israeli soldiers QUARANTINED over CORONA VIRUS  …
Prettyboy DO’s songs alone threatens me... be hearing stuffs like “massacre massacre” Imagine person kidnap him babe.. Na “bomb bomb corona”
since trump and pence think this corona virus isn’t a big deal, can someone over in the Chinese wet market send them a keep sake. thank you.
Duuuuude, you guys had actually walked the streets of Jakarta and inhaled our pollution prior to corona virus? Please don’t confuse the contexts, you’re Reuters for cryin’ out loud. 
Book ya flight while the corona is hot in these streets  …
Yo fuck Corona Virus me and the homies got Bieber Fever
Code review, pre- and post-corona virus 
Poultry, Fish and Meat are totally safe for consumption as Corona Virus does not affect them, says Union Minister @girirajsinghbjp; says World Animal Health Organization in its report has stated that the virus is transmitted predominantly through human to human 
Indian med team reached Iran and started a clinic for screening corona. I call this as sheer valour cuz they are going with a personal risk of being infected and even a possibility (God forbid not) that they may  back to home. A great humanitarian and selfies act
me around the homies after i catch the corona virus on purpose 
If you’ve ever swam in the Lake of Three Fires you’re immune to the corona virus.
Corona got the flights lookin lovely.  …
I am in Sydney for a little bit, glad to be out of the US and it’s toxicity, but now confronted by the reality that Australia is out of toilet paper bc of corona virus panic. This is somehow better?
Y’all: Flights hella cheap! Corona who?! Spring break, here  Also y’all when y’all are 30,000 feet in the air and hear someone cough: 
The Circle and Love is Blind was soft prepping us for corona quarantine 
From Michael Crocker FB post.... about Corona Virus..ingat lahat tayo... 
Did not listen to the man? Ebola doesn't spread as much because of high mortality rate. Carriers die before they can spread to other people. Corona is highly infectious with a mortality rate similar to Spanish flu. Do the math
If we have to close schools due to the Corona virus, can it at least be during state testing so they get cancelled? #edchat
if you survived Goodyear parties at Coastal, you’re immune to the corona virus
Y’all sure Corona  from white people  …
In China When you die in hospital from corona virus but also born in that same hospital #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak 
how is no one talking about the worst consequence of corona virus: costco stopped giving out free samples
Thank you for being sensible. I’m over this hysteria like no other. I got a good corona meme thread going on my timeline though. 
Corona virus better leave before summer starts cause I’m tryna have a crazy one this year.
If you’ve ever been here you’re immune to Corona Virus 
corona in spanish means crown, the only corona louis should be catching
Brilliant! I'm a nurse and we are rationing masks in the OR already. N95 masks are locked down. Pretty sure we have a corona outbreak here, but no tests. ( I'm in Indiana)
While y’all are out drinking alcohol and touching strangers, I’ve been washing my hands continually for the past 4 hours. I swear the Corona virus won’t enter my Holy Temple no sir
The government is playing plague inc on us rn with this corona shit
Im in the house bouta go to bed at 11 on a friday moe I think I got corona virus
I don’t know why everyone is worry about catching the corona virus.. im more worry about catching feelings that shit hurts
I don’t have strong feelings about the school closures in #Japan but I do wonder, seeing packs of 12 year old boys roaming my neighbourhood, riding bikes dangerously in road etc, whether they’d be safer in school than let loose unattended #corona
I have no idea if the Corona Virus is "the big one" or not, but what I will tell you is that the effect does not match the cause. Something is off about everything that is happening. I think that we should all take the proper precautions, it wouldn't make sense to do otherwise
We don’t have to tolerate this. Call your reps and demand action on the Corona virus. I call pretty much every day now. 
ASIAN GIRLS ARE PRETTY I DONT FUCKIN CARE ABOUT NO CORONA VIRUS. GET OVER HERE LING LING
This is the second seizure of live Pangolin in Varanasi in last two years. The demand of animal has not gone down it seems. It is said that Corona virus came from pangolin meats illegally traded in China. PC: @MKojalagi and Net 
say i’m a conspiracy theorist, but this whole corona virus is just a fear mongering concept used by the government to distract from the bigger picture.
Following Actor Lee Seunggi, Lee Seunggi's fan and manager joined the Corona virus donation to help those who need it.  
Somebody just told me that Corona virus emerged in China because they eat non-vegetarian food. I told them that the Chinese also eat RICE. A lot of  silence
Two days ago, they started the narrative that India was massively unprepared for Corona. Ended up admitting that their own leader, who was tweeting about India's unpreparedness, was screened for it. Great going  …
If you’ve ever went inside of Dupree dorm at EKU your immune to the corona virus.
someone brought corona virus to my city n didn't check in with me we gonna have some problems
Don't these celebrities get affected by corona Virus. So biased virus. #IshaAmbani Holi celebration! 
So I gave the #Caramellos a health talk about #COVID19 , hand hygiene, minimizing contact, etc Izolo I asked one of them to bring me something in bed. Did my child not throw the thing at me from a distance? Me: hayibo! Caramello: Corona Mom Corona
Here are some thoughts, feel free to yell at me. What is weird to me about the Corona Virus is that it has been covered and reacted to in a way I have never seen before. We can quibble about infection rates and how deadly it is, but a few things are not debatable.
Wish everyone cared about STDs how everyone cares about the corona virus
We fist bumped after sex instead of high fiving... ya know, because of corona.
Corona Quarantine Update: The gym is closed but mom wants you to know she’s still getting her reps in. Pops is carbing up in support. Health: Stable Spirits: High Boredom: Severe #princesscruise #COVIDー19 Cc: 
(1/2) @aaiblgairport is setup Help desk to handle Corona Virus(COVID19) in coordination with District Health Dept. in Arrival area as an precautionary measures.On our request, DC, Belagavi sent four teams of one Doctor & one Asstt. in two shifts. @AAI_Official 
Aye I think I got that Corona Beer  check my temperature please.
My first lap dances of the day and dude was begging me to kiss him. Me: No. Corona virus. Him: Ok... can I kiss you? Me: No. It works both ways.
Did you know that the new Louden Swain SNS shirts double as masks to protect against Corona Virus? They probably don’t work... but I’m sold! #SPNLV 
"Going to Costco to pick up a case of Corona" doesn't sound nearly as appealing as it did a month ago.
frank ocean created the corona virus so that he wouldn’t have to perform at coachella two thousand and twenty
My Dad is so damned cute. He’s still in the hospital in Seattle and just texted the family to tell us to be sure and wash our hands really well until the Corona outbreak passes. I get my worrying from him
Someone called the cops on the corona virus  …
All these festival and shit getting canceled..sports events getting quarantine.. the corona beer virus not not even fucking wit the flu and the media really creating this hysteria
Can we all agree to call Corona Virus "Yellow Fever," just because it's funny?
Do NOT listen to any information given by Donald Trump on the Corona virus. Everything thing he is telling you is lies and his fantasies. Listen to about 25% of what Mike Pence tells you. Most of it is to cover up the fact they have bungled this crisis in monumental proportions.
TOH CHINA RELEASE IS THE REAL REASON BEHIND CORONA EPIDEMIC IN CHINA Aamir China stardom is real  …
Me trying to convince others I don’t have corona when I sneeze 
Anti-Corona virus pongal overloaded with turmeric 
I feel like I’m the only person I know not worried about getting the corona virus.
At the nursing home today, I asked an aid what is being done about Corona virus? She nonchalantly said, “haven’t heard anything.” #Ohio has no cases. BECAUSE Ohio has no tests! @VP @SenSherrodBrown @robportman @MikeDeWine ...WHY?!!  …
I heard he's having the Corona Virus on next week because he's sick of it being demonized by the media...
Hope she doesn’t have corona because they’re all getting it 
Excellent piece on the gender-specific effects of the Corona-outbreak; which may be huge but is largely neglected. @TheLancet @georgeinstitute  …
Eat your veggies, or not, it doesn’t matter. The corona virus is going to get us all :) 
reply to this if you want me to get ur pfp prepared for corona here’s mine 
the fact that one way tickets to italy are like $600 rn .....that’s it i’m packing my bags and starting a new life. if I get corona virus I get corona virus
If you ever drank out of these, you’re immune to Corona Virus 
#Inovio  that received millions of dollars from #BillGates #Event201 to research pandemic vaccines prior to Corona Chan being birthed onto the world, should have a Corona Virus Vaccine by end of year. #VaccineScam  …
Welp, Kentucky has its first confirmed case of corona-virus. Was nice knowing you all. ;D
It does not matter if not every BN is a criminal. And it does not matter if not every J is subversive or if every bat-eater has Corona-Chan. what matters is that as a WHOLE, they have a negative effect on our nations and people and we would be better off without any of them.
if anyone was wondering, kids on instagram are doing diary of a wimpy kid corona virus hanging sacrifices based on likes and uploading the execution to their story (Doesn’t actually prevent it) 
sksklss a white bitch walks up to you and says “do you have corona virus” and shoves a mic in your face what you doing 
If you drink sig tea you’re immune to the corona virus
Haven’t been to the supermarket since all this carry on started about corona virus so I’m looking forward to see how bat shit crazy the people in my suburb are. Tell ya what I may riot if all the clinkers are gone
Dude!! Atleast do some basic research Deaths due to Corona in the whole world 3200. Deaths this season due to the flu in the US alone 18,000!!  
#SoSickOf people thinking coronavirus has something to do with Corona 
If you ever swam in the lake at Backbone State Park you are immune to the Corona Virus
If you went to Skate North every Friday night in 7th grade you’re immune to the Corona Virus
What’s the German word for “the hope the Corona virus will abate by spring so my programming can resume”?
This just in: People who don’t tip their servers are more susceptible to contracting the corona virus than those who do. Be safe out there people.
Acc to nahata' s magazine both #Sooryavanshi & #AngreziMedium makers r keeping a close watch on Baaghi 3 business & how much Corona has affected it. From Monday onwards we will get a clear picture about corona impact on BO collections . 
Hop in fam, we’re going to a place Corona can’t get us 
