OMG Disinfecting air from Corona virus with heavy chemical spraying machines in Wuhan and Hubei province BM_R 
Meet the American Corona Virus.. Why are they not classified as domestic terrorists yet? #Antifafacists #libtarts  …
Idina Menzel and Alfre Woodard remind that for the first time at the #SpiritAwards all 5 actresses in best supporting female are women of color. Big roar for nominee Jennifer Lopez for Hustlers. But the winner is Zhao Shuzhen who is stuck in China due to the corona virus.
Chinese censorship isn't new. Mao concealed that 65M died under his rule & Xi is doing the same. Following the death of #LiWenliang, China's state censors are cracking down on info related to #Corona. Why would anyone believe anything from Beijing? 
Absolute filth from Jesus Corona.. ( courtesy of @vsports_pt) 
Niggas pay 400$for a bottle at the club to try and impress bitches and whole time they end up leaving wit a nigga who just bought 1 corona
Corona big dogs 
Part of the penis is also called the “corona”, so, every time I hear about #coronavirus, I think it’s some kind of dick disease.
Meet the American Corona Virus.. They take control of American streets, hide their identity & attack American citizens with pepper spray, urine, liquid cement & so on.. Why are they not classified as domestic terrorists yet 
What are the latest stats on the bio-weap--I mean, corona virus??  
Using the  to corona virus isn’t just ridiculously uninformed it is also a good IQ test. 15M infected with flu like symptoms death rate is measured in *basis points*. Corona virus is at 2%+ since many that died were not confirmed and were simply cremated.
next up: corona virus. Marles links the poor government response to both catastrophic fires and the virus to poor economic management, poor preparation. Speers says okay let’s talk economic management then: should there be a surplus? #Insiders
ask for this. I was told today by someone who works retail that a couple ran out of the store when a Chinese person walked in, screaming about corona. C'mon. NY was built by immigrants, this whole country was. There's no place for this here. I look at it this way. 2/
CORONA cases in last 24 hours: Globally 34 886 confirmed (3419 new) China 34 598 confirmed (3401 new) 6101 severe (1280 new) 723 deaths (86 new) Outside of China 288 confirmed (18 new)24 countries 1 death WHO RISK ASSESSMENT China Regional Level Global Level Very High High High 
Your not a conspiracy theorist if you don't believe the official narrative So if I have a alternative opinion about the Corona virus does that make me a conspiracy theorist or a troll I don't think so  …
SL Benfica footballer Rafa has been announced as the first fatal victim of corona virus. 
Reports that China is lying to the world over the amount of infected and dead as a result of the corona virus. #coronavirus #china 
I’m hearing from experts that if you are infected with corona virus this magic spray does nothing. 
Breaking News: Verified Information... There are multiple reports of Chinese People in Osoba Close in Gowon Estate having severe symptoms of Corona Virus. These Chinese newly returned from Wuhan in China and are treating themselves of symptoms similar to that of a Coronavirus
BREAKING NEWS!! Chinese president has finally spoken on the *corona virus* saying.. Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise dong fong 'Hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng lemise dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shie Huang chongle I agree with him because is for our own good
As Dawu County emerges as the centre of the corona virus outbreak in Tibetan areas, Tibetans are showing their support for the people of Dawu. 
We get Legon,KNUST then things all for here but you say you dey want a Chinese University. Now that Corona drop for there you dey  GH. I beg stay and learn how to cure the sickness. Don't rush things for the government.
I just watched Contagion, a movie about a lethal, rapidly spreading flu type virus. This movie was released in 2011 and its practically described the corona virus. I am so creeped out...
Congrats to the Lady Rangers! Team CHAMPION in District 4-5A! 9 out of 10 to REGIONALS! Diaz Mesics Martinez Garner Gordon Duran Soria Munoz 4th McCrary 5th Medellin 6th Corona Congratulations Coach Huynh, Farley , and Cross for Coaches of the Year! 
So #ScottyfromMarketing thinks he has gotten away scott free bushfires corona virus sports rorts fake documents etc. I think there are countless Australians who now wish they were also Scott free. 
Flu causes 60,000 deaths in the US in 2018, Corona virus ~800. 
What are my favorites drinks: 1. Coffee : Cafe Bustelo 2. Wine : Barefoot Merlot 3. Beer : Corona with Lime 4. Soda : Ginger Ale 5. Juice : Lemonade I prefer to drink water every day, all day . I believe water heals my body so I drink it a lot
 that sells corona Lol 
That is correct Not just journalists, but ANYONE who even mentions Corona Virus subject 2 huge fines & prison. Now recording as many as possible “Pneumonia”, so won’t B counted. Still going 2 hospitals in Wuhan making the sick sing patriotic songs.  …
So just before the M&G we had temperature taken to make sure no symptoms of Corona,then hand sanitizer. We hugged all 3 of them.
Random thought that just hit me: I hope the 3 Chinese CRISPR'd babies are not in Wuhan (or other Corona virus hotspots). We don't know where they were born (except 1st 2 were "north" of Shenzen). We think CCR5 nulls are more susceptible to West Nile & maybe influenza. 2019-nCoV?
ppl in europe keep telling me not to worry about the corona virus but purely from the perspective that were not in danger. ignoring that hundreds have died in china. i feel like ppl keep justifying to themselves its "not as bad as it seems"
Yup the corona virus is spreading to Milwaukee any time now  …
A popular chart making the rounds showing heavy insider selling just before the Corona Virus peak a couple of weeks ago. Not easy to time tops, it's a fouls game. Nevertheless, smart money selling is worthy to keep at the back of your mind. $SPX 
“If I get the coronavirus, I hope I get lime disease too, because you can’t have a corona without a lime”
FG: We know every thing has a price. How much is yours? Corona virus: I do not have a price. FG: Kai, na lie. Nobody dey wey no get price. Na so that Keyamo do that time. 200m? Corona virus: No Okay, 500m? No: Final offer 620m. Corona virus: okay okay..  …
61% bodies from home. 38% from hospital. Of the 127 bodies from yesterday: official death certificate with corona virus 8, suspect 48. Total volume 4-5 times normal.
when i freeball - and when looking at others that do, it's not the shaft that gets me - it's the head and corona outline..WOOF - and I love mine 
The lesson is clear! If you really want to count the impact of the #coronavirus, isolate other variables. For example, do not count previously planned refinery maintenance as a decline in oil demand because of corona  …
My updated ranking for the Democratic primary: 1. Warren 2. Klobuchar 3. Buttigieg 4. Yang 5. The herpes 6. Biden 7. Steyers 8. The Corona virus 9. Bloomberg 10. The Apocalypse 11. Bernie 12. Tulsi
8. Corona  from beer and that will literally YouTube their way into spreading viruses because of anti-vaxxers. At the end of the day it's about making sure that you bring out more votes than the other side, that's literally all that matters until November.
Love these new corona virus emojis Smiley face Mad face Sick face Puzzled face Big smile face
Who doesn’t react when someone coughs in a small space? People go out in public sick literally all the time, it’s a nightmare for people who have weak immune systems like me. I don’t care if  cold or corona, when anyone coughs or sneezes by me I get nervous.
Fatalities vs. Number of Days since first Reported SARS: 774 vs. 73 days Corona: 722* vs. 26 days *nCoV cumulative deaths in a much shorter time frame. FT data. Prayers for the families and effective vaccine.
Yooo they are welding everyone’s doors wtf corona virus has infected a million and 50,000 dead they are lying to us 
It’s gotten so bad now that sexdolls in China affected by the Corona virus are now jumping to their deaths  …
how tf corona virus here before my aliexpress lashes
Bolaoluwa Nerat Asaolu is an 8-year-old pupil of Corona School, Gbagada. The Basic 4 pupil is also a published author and ardent lover of animals.⁣ Book a copy of The Guardian on Sunday for our Guardian Kid Entrepreneurs special on the young writer.⁣ 
Don't you wish @ScottGottliebMD was as passionate to help smokers transition to a less harmful alternative like vaping as much as he is about the corona virus? #hadyourchance
Straight up ballin w some dope Marijuana for corona, wash yo hands w soap Marijuana can enchant, call it a magical plant This dude vivek and the shit he tweets, I cant a joke can’t distinguish between another joke Marijuana to corona  colds w coke  …
Virus Corona ahhh biasa saja coba banding penyakit yg samapi 2016~>>"Ischaemic heart disease and stroke" are the world’s biggest killers, accounting for  15.2 million deaths in 2016. These diseases have remained the leading causes of death globally in the last 15 years.
My tia just opened her own taco shop!! STOP BY IF YOU HAVE TIME IT’LL MEAN EVERYTHING TO HER! 510 W Grand, Corona CA 
What is the biggest danger here? Bashar al-Assad killed +560000 Corona virus killed +560 #coronavirus #idlib 
BREAKING NEWS The Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying, "Shaici ting yang teng wen feng Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng. Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle." I agree with him because it's for our own good. What do you think?
#coronaviruschina A nurse in china....who treating corona virus patient & consoling her daughter wid an air hug.. ....pray for china.. & salute medical staff 
a guy i didnt kno asked me to buy him a corona at the club last night and idk why thats all i remember from the whole ass night hahaha
I’m pretty sure getting the Corona virus is more dangerous than racism.  …
My mom just said that I shouldn’t listen to Kpop rn cuz there’s corona virus in Korea like excuse me but I don’t think corona virus can pass through my headphones Make it make sense.
Ordinary Small Corona Virus Person no see dual Sim buy for market again
Li Wengliang is the doctor who discovered the Corona virus. Since China has no rule of law, just like Turkey, he was faced with an investigation! The passing of my colleague Li Wengliang has saddened all of us. #RightToLife  …
Oh dam. How about a little salt and lime with that corona virus?  …
EVADING THE FARE IS NOT A CRIME A whole other level of sticker art made by local folx in Corona, Queens, for the movement This is movement-generated art, and it’s beautiful and inspiring. 
Disappointed the official Corona beer account didn’t do an insensitive corona virus tweet that they later had to apologize for
What if the Corona virus is actually a scam the Chinese are using to explain the disappearance of citizens who are in fact, dissidents?
Environment: PM2.5 : Failed Health: New Corona Virus : Failed Justice: Cheating budget 63: Failed Security: Korat Mass Shooting: Failed Economy: not yet but soon... #กราดยิงโคราช #รัฐบาลเฮงซวย #ผนงรจตกม
if corona wants to do damage, it should do it before exam season starts
Its CORONA VIRUS CHINA 70% CLOSED FOR more than 2 Weeks ! 1000 Deaths ??? Its Down and Out Worst Time Ahead ?? @PMOIndia @JPNadda @drharshvardhan @capt_amarinder Health emergency To be declared ??? @CMOPb Urgent look out @DrVaibhavK9
have a lot of U.S media blame china make corona virus is a bioweapon, but they forget U.S use bio weapon kill 2 million vietnamese in vietnamwars. 
Breaking News: Corona virus traced to bed spread in a Hoboken motel room.
As the corona virus epidemic spreads throughout China, small businesses in the US are beginning to feel its effect.  …
my reddie during corona virus tweet explanation: eddie hears about the corona virus and literally gears richie and himself up for whatever can happen. spending money on alcohol, sanitizers, facemask and all. richie on the other
Why do ⁦⁦ @nationalpost⁩ and ⁦ @CP24⁩ give chair girl exactly what she is looking for? Free publicity. Same with WestJet corona virus guy and ⁦ @CBCNews⁩ . They deserve to be ignored. Canadian media outlets are being enablers.  …
In my culture, Tsonga culture in South Africa. It is forbidden to kill a Pangolin as it brings drought. Scientists have now identified it as a source of the Corona virus outbreak. These Chinese must stop eating everything. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
if an Uber tries to kidnap you pretend you don’t speak english and start to fake cough while whimpering Corona Corona they’ll let you go
Join us TONIGHT for a watch party at Bayou Beer Garden as the Pelicans take on the Pacers at 6:30PM! $18 buckets of @Corona & Corona Premiere, $12 Modelo pitchers, appearances by Pierre & the Pelicans Dance Team, plus raffles and giveaways. See you there! 
Jo #Corona k darr se chicken chorr de.. Wo gardish me tumhe b chorr dega..
The Corona virus could be a good cover for organ harvesting. A leopard doesn't change his stripes.  …
So Loona will go to idol radio on monday but bcs of corona virus garden studio will not open for public  …
Don't kiss There is Corona
So apparently Mia Thermopolis is visiting me (and heard about the corona virus). 
Trust me, It’s not for Corona  …
I was going to Korea this April to visit my grandfather before he dies of cancer. But I can't anymore because there is an outbreak of the Corona virus in their city. I'm not sure if I'll be able to visit and if they'll catch the virus. I'm heartbroken and honestly scared.
There are so many factors for why this happened but they are easily correctable and WB shouldn't panic: - The R Rating and title was a mistake - The Marketing was lukewarm at best - The Corona virus is affecting Asian territories - There is no male lead (sorry it's true)
If you’re having fears of the corona virus, get YOUR FLU SHOT. There’s no cure to nCoV yet, but you are more likely to contract influenza than nCoV & there r anti-vaxxers / ppl who don’t think flu shots r necessary walking all around you! Being proactive > being fearful
I have the corona virus
Corona Virus wins ... Christian Pastor have lost faith in their God... a tiny virus has exposed them 
where were y’all when chinese people were facing actual racism over the corona virus outbreak? oh right nowhere since y’all actually do not give a sht about racism in the first place
China uses a lot of coins, and the corona virus can live up to 20 days on a hard surface. #Coronavius
When Corona Virus gets into football 
"It's not the 90s anymore, Spike, you know you can make  in full-color now, right?" NO *LEAPS OUT WINDOW, PLUMMETS TO GROUND BELOW IN A CORONA OF SHATTERED GLASS* IT'S A CONSCIOUS AESTHETIC PREFEREEEEEeeeence
Google maps has a corona virus heat map built in now and its terrifying
I think this Corona thing is what got me sick the day after pig roast last year…. #CoronaHOO #HOOT20
EXCLUSIVE : Salman Khan brutally Bashed Asim Riaz for the outbreak of Corona Virus. @EndemolShineIND & @ColorsTV were almost about to take legal action against him. LoL. #BB13 #BiggBoss13 #AsimRiaz #InspirationAsim
Supply chain problems aside, imagine building cars in your labor-intensive factory when some of your line workers are still stuck in the provinces. Soon, Chinese $tsla buyers will try to avoid being stuck with a "corona" Model 3 much as ROW buyers tried to avoid a "tent-built" 3.  …
Stop putting Corona Virus memes on my page Dez lived in China Dez does not take it as joke bc Dez family still in China that he worries about so pls no more 
I'm LIVE Early Catkinz catches the clips and not the corona virus Come catch some loving in the stream 118/120 subs! RTs appreciated    
I think Sri Lankan’s should worry about child abuses and dengue more than Corona virus
A thread: So my cousin (thurayataleb on ig) had just arrived to Beirut from China a few days ago escaping the nightmare of the Corona virus, since her city was going to go into total lockdown for the next few (idk how long). The whole family was worried sick about her, especially
breaking news Eminem is reportedly the first celebrity to contract the corona virus It was reported that his palms were sweaty weak knees and arms were heavy Upon arrivin at the ER he had vomit on his sweater already Later tests concluded it was jus because of mom’s spaghetti 
CORONA-VIRUS IS HERE Y’ALL!! 
2 Suspects in Custody After Entering Walmart and Spreading 'Coronavirus' Substance Although they were not spreading the corona virus which was first thought, it doesn’t lesson the horror it first caused. And to think, these 2 are old enough to vote  …
Weren't there several Q posts about corona satellites going offline?
Does anyone else find it interesting that ~2yr delta on Q713 mentions “CORONA” & here we are today with “Corona Virus”? Q713 2/10/18 Seals are wonderful creatures. Heard they work fast at capturing their prey. PRAY. Silence is golden. CORONA_OFFLINE_Deac[0000]. Games R FUN! Q
Corona virus is no joke, but this is. 
Remedy, Field Surgeon and Triage Trooper have worked together to find a cure for the corona virus! 
The first American has sadly just died from coronavirus Get ready for a Trump tweet telling people to stop drinking Corona
#coronavirus update:Passengers screened: 21312,Passengers under follow up @home 1735, hospital 3. Samples taken - 42,Negative - 36 & testing in process-6. Let me reiterate, #TN has no cases of #Corona & request the public to ignore any message that isn’t authentic @MoHFW_INDIA
LEMME HEAR YOU SAY “HEEEEEEYY, MS CORONA...”  
My ongoing advice about corona: hold your opinions and what you think you know lightly, allow for high variance in expectations, and don't be surprised if things change. Data still all over the place. Lots of inconsistency everywhere so sit back and be safe
Corona virus can be treated by cow urine. ~ Hindu Mahasabah leader I think bullshit is a better cure.
Contributing to Corona virus mortality is inadequate medical care. From this AP photo, HR=155, RR=58, O2 sat=50%, and while in hypoxic resp failure, the patient is on O2 by facemask. 
Awareness is the best precaution. Stay aware in the time of Corona breakout. #CoronaOutbreak 2/2 @ProfCong @ShashiTharoor @sudheerpmna @Kuzhalnadan @drjgeetareddy 
The key question that you, Pharmaceutical Society of Zimbabwe @PSZ_Org should be answering is whether you know the drugs being used to treat Corona Virus. If you do know them, do you have them in stock in Zimbabwean pharmacies. If you don’t, what does it mean to public health?  …
Do read this important thread. Perhaps the most informed - non alarmist - view, based on Serious inputs of state intelligence units. #Corona  …
86 (officially confirmed) people die daily. Suspected as well as confirmed infected people are forcibly interned into the Corona Gulags, thus making sure the suspected get infected for sure.  …
SAFETY FIRST! PROTECT YOURSELF FROM CORONA VIRUS! Reminding each and everyone to bring their own alcohol/hand sanitizer starting this Monday. Keep safe!
. @CyrilRamaphosa . @PresidencyZA Stop all passenger air traffic between SA and China. If Corona virus lands here, you can't tell it to go home. Hundreds of thousands of SA's will die. Act now !!!
rt/like to join a mass report gdm for @*TAK0YAKlKAl - joked about corona, taal volcano eruptions, lied multiple times - manipulates people - threatened s*icide on his ex, not one, but two!! two different people! - nsfw roleplayed as a minor (zhong chenle) - a shit ton more 
Million dollar question: HOW DID DETTOL KNOW OF CORONAVIRUS HITTING WAY BACK IN OCT 2019? See boxes in red? Is corona virus a corporate conspiracy @suryakantvsnl @avanindra43 @shuklapinku @PrayagrajWale @VnsAnuTi @KishoreAjwani @RakeshK25101975 @Draps78 
Medics at Juba International Airport run away as plane with Chinese Diplomats lands over corona Virus scare. 
This boy @rahatullah41 from Bajaur studying in Wuhan China just DMed saying they haven't yet been evacuated and the Pakistan Embassy doesn't even know about them. That the hospitals are full so the Corona patients are being shifted to the dormitories next doors. Help them please 
Things that will definitely kill us all: January: World War 3 February: Corona Virus March: ? April: ? May: ? June: ? July: ? August: ? September: ? October: ? November: Trump re-election December: ? A fun year of false impending doom ahead.
[Insert Corona virus joke here] 
Dear people in China and other countries, who are now facing hard times caused by the Corona Virus outbreak, Keep fighting and stay strong! #Tawan_V #Newwiee #เตนิว #โพก้า 
Bhaisahab looks like aliens are navigating the ship such is fear of Corona. . Not mine it is btw. 
please tell another corona virus joke dude they're really funny
Hack radio show song parody opportunities: 1) “My Corona” 2) “My Pneumonia”
©(pharmaFactz) Symptoms of Novel #Coronavirus 1. Systemic - fever, fatigue 2. Kidneys - decreased function 3. Intestines - diarrhea 4. Respiratory - runny nose, shortness of breath, sneezing, dry cough. COMPLICATIONS! * Pneumonia * Kidney failure #coronaviruschina #corona
Its not Corona Virus its just Corona. 
"Forgive My Laughter. I Have A Condition" #Coronavius #corona #China #Xi #Joker 
Zahedan, SE #Iran While countries across the globe are banning the entrance of Chinese people onto their soil to prevent the spread of the #Corona virus, the mullahs' regime is allowing them in & Iran's passenger planes are constantly flying to & from China. 
NBC video on Corona virus from overseas Pakistanis getting viral 
I need to stop making corona jokes before karma bites me in the ass
I hope that child on Christmas Island doesn’t have the corona virus. Tests have to be flown to Perth - takes between 3&4hours. There is only basic medical care on the island. This is yet another ‘mis-step’ by Morrison IMO.
The toyota corona... is this a conspiracy theory? The Japanese knew of this virus in the 1960s and named a car after it. Reliable, transportable, difficult to kill 
When you wanted to play world war 3 but your chinese friend got sick before it started #corona 
Now This is how the corona virus gonna spread instead y’all played yourself so bad  …
If you like dramatic sceneries and inspiring places, you'll love the Madonna della Corona Sanctuary, just a stone's throw from Lake Garda and #Verona  #TreasureItaly @TurismoVeneto IG 
This was the headline on December 27th, 2 days before the first four corona patients came to the hospital in Wuhan - all had a connection to the local food market  …
I hear the endangered pangolin population have declared today a holiday .. to be known as Corona Day
Spotted in the #Kochi metro today. It’s been amazing to see how #kerala has been dealing with #corona #coronavirusindia #coronakerala  – at Elamkulam
This #corona thing may be a tad more serious than we are being told 
Seems like the Corona Virus has arrived Nigeria and already in Benue state but the government would rather use propaganda to cover it up instead of placing appropriate health measures to control the outbreak. Opportunity to loot millions 
How corona infect someone with love?
Showing this morning! CONTAGION A 2011 movie about a corona-like virus spreading from China to the rest of the world. As fear consumes the people, U.S Centre for Disease Control struggles to find a cure! Did CONTAGION predict the corona virus 11AM | ch.139 
Machina talking about Corona virus #trevornoah #MatchForAfrica #RIPDjSthenjwa #DriveHope #rasta 
If you see a Chinese person who is wearing a mask and you avoid them in fear of the Corona Virus. You are a racist. The only way to avoid this is approach them and demand they spit in your mouth. Failure to do this will decree you xenophobic! PS you must swallow!
What’s up with 2020 -ww3 -trump gets impeached -corona virus -kobe Bryant dies -trump gets acquitted( hell yea ) - polled Hereford wins ft worth - horned Hereford gets rsv Damn.
Be honest If I had the corona virus would u still love me ??
Being stuck on the Corona-cruise is like a nightmare scenario... Horrible.  …
A team of doctors led by an Indian Scientist SS Vasan has found the cure of Corona Virus at CSIRO. Kudos to the team.  …
you realize the flu has existed for a lot longer than corona right ? and also it took sars MONTHS to get to the point corona is at now. it took corona 2 weeks
Make sure you catch the news tonight, one of our fellow Australians is suspected of testing positive to the Corona Virus on Christmas Island. Never forget the Lefties chastised ScoMo on social media for quarantining them there. Thank God Scomo is our PM & not Shorten.
Sir I think you need to smarten up first there is no vaccine for the new strand of corona virus, there is a vaccine for the flu strand every year. The flu has a case mortality rate or 0.1% meanwhile the new strand of coronavirus has a case fatality rate of 2%
Boys basketball final Clovis East 91 Clovis 63 T Wolves Jermal Pittman 19 Tyler Pacheco 19 Cam Thompson 16 Will Wiggins 12 Josh Heu 6 Tommy Newton 5 Trevor Vertiz 5 Noah Owens 4 Isaiah Corona 3 Sean Kelly 2 Clovis Diego Celaya with 17 points
Omg yeah the sinophobic term that's used colloquially in Korean is "wuhan pnumonia" which is more popular than "new strain corona"
The Chinese doctor who tried to warn about Corona virus, forced to sign a confession for spreading rumours, reminds me a bit of the scientist who tried to warn about the Chernobyl design. Both poorly treated by their respective countries; both heroes.
if i get the corona virus i hope i get lyme disease bc u cant have a corona without a lyme
There's a cruise ship wandering off Japan with more than 50 confirmed cases of Corona virus onboard. That's what you call a real and potential ghost ship.
An important reality check here. Corona Virus is not an inevitably deadly virus. There has been only one death from the virus outside China (in the Philippines). Many Australians have been infected, none have died. Over 3,000 Australians die every year from  flu.  …
Can’t eem do it. Ain’t drinkin no corona nothing til we figure out what’s going on lmao  …
DISTURBING FOOTAGE :from #China #Wuhan #Corona Woman appears dead after they injected her ? WTF CHINA? 
Update on corona virus: the cases keep increasing, every sec we spend here, is not easy!Nobody REALLY understands our situation,we are not being pathetic, we know we’ll have to face death 1 day, but we deserve to be buried on a ground, not burned, if that’s to much than,spare me. 
If i get the corona virus i better get lime disease too cuz you can’t have a corona without a lime
LOOK: Students and staff entering buildings are scanned by security personnel using infrared thermometers as the University’s precautionary measure against the novel corona virus, Saturday. (Photos by Arianne Maye D.G. Viri and Marvin John F. Uy/ The Varsitarian) 
Many  out of China regarding treatment of individuals having (or suspected of having) Corona that are deservedly being criticized & shown as example of lack of individual rights  And I agree it’s bad. But if u don’t think it could happen here...
Is it just me or is this whole corona virus BS literally exactly how World War Z starts. A new, unknown and highly infectious disease outbreak in China, their government tries to cover it up gets overwhelmed and the rest of the world is then fucked.
#GodMorningSaturday Everyone feels pain even if it is an animal so stop eating meat and avoid diseases. Stop eating meat, or else you will have to stop forcing, like China stopped meat with the corona virus. Watch Sadhna T.V-7:30pm 
The Corona Virus Will End Soon Because It Was Made In China
No wonder these have the corona virus when they are eating things like this lmao just eat some toast or something 
Corona-chan sketch 
Feb 8: Corona Virus Update - Economic Disaster?  …
I am either run down, or potentially in early stages of Corona imminent death.
#Breakjng a 48yo woman died Thursday after being critically injured when a vehicle struck & threw her off her motorcycle in a hit-and-run crash in #Corona Wednesday night. @CoronaPD just found the car that that was involved in the collision. Adult male taken into custody 
I am begging boring people who've never eaten anything more challenging in texture than chickie nuggets to stop posting "corona virus lmao" on videos of people eating calamari
My son @ReaganFaison to me: Dad I’ve got that “corona” virus and I’m looking for a girl with “limes” disease. I’m kilt.
We will never know the true death toll of the coronavirus. Every person who passes away In Wuhan and surrounding area get bagged and cremated, weather they died from corona or not. The mortality is not known and never will be.
Who has the corona  kick it
Eminem is reportedly the first celebrity to contract the corona virus. It was reported that his palms were sweaty, weak knees and arms were heavy. Upon arriving at the ER he had vomit on his sweater already. Later tests concluded it was just because of mom’s spaghetti.
It’s corona time 
Carrie Lam is the Chief Executive of Hong Kong. She has continued to make laws in #Hongkong that are obviously bad. She banned face masks at one point! Now she won’t close all borders to Mainland China, even with the #corona virus! Extnded Version -  … 
i think my dad made the first non racist, but totally dad joke about coronavirus. my mom is going to her friend’s house in corona and he was like oh well we might have to quarantine her when she gets back and i’m like ???? and he’s like corona....... coronavirus. good job dad.
Corona virus death toll jumps to 722 with more than 34,000 confirmed infections across China  …
See chart below average eps is falling on S&P 500 even pre corona but average stock price is increasing. Only reason Feds liquidity bubble. Reason: liquidity bubble by fed. Feds balance sheet showing MBS here  
Corona: Say heyyyy Corona Africa: Hey Corona! Corona: I can’t hear you! Say heyyyyyyy Corronnaa Louder: Hey Corona! Bring the beat in ...  …
why do i lowk have corona
Boys I told you.. 50 is happening this year.. not even the fucking corona virus can stop this train
“Ladies and gentlemen, the captain has illuminated the seat belt sign, so remain in your seats until further notice, this means you motherfucker!” JFC, there’s no problem with Corona, is there? #Coronavius #coronoavirusoutbreak 
“... can i hear you say haaaay Mrs Corona?? GIVE ME SOME”  …
Have ya'll read that the White House is asking scientists to investigate whether the corona virus was Geo engineered? Hmmm.  …
ScumMo is hoping the corona virus crisis will prove a distraction so we'll just forget about calling for effective action on climate change. As usual, how wrong he is. #auspol #LNPfail #CrimeMinister #LiarFromTheShire #NotMyPM  …
UPDATE: Latest Corona Virus numbers: There are currently 34,875 confirmed cases worldwide, including 724 fatalities. (Noted stats: 1 new case in Germany, 3 recovered in US) Stats show a substantial decrease in China cases. Is it true? IDK.
Just wanna remind y’all significantly more ppl have died in the US from the flu this season than all the deaths from this new corona virus outbreak. Wash your hands.
All the people freaking out about Corona virus, how many of them don't wash their hands after using the toilet, or get the flu shot? Just saying.
I give it a week before a drag queen calls herself Corona Virus.
Most countries are quarantining Corona virus cruise ships, one even isn't allowed to port. Meanwhile NJ cruise allowed to dock, no containment - 4000 allowed to leave.  …
“If you’ve got corona virus may aswell have lime disease aswell. U canny have a corona without a lime.” -Abbie rackham xx
madi said she had the corona virus so had to do what i had to do  …
When you’re with your asian crew, you unfortunately feel the need to scream “NO CORONA” everywhere you go. 
Moon with corona (moonlit, coloured clouds), on a very windy night. (97.5% illuminated moon). Getting the right exposure with such a dynamic sky, was very tricky! 07.02.20, Bedfordshire, UK. #thephotohour #CanonM50 @CanonUKandIE 
Because of the announcement made by DepEd regarding the current issue on the "Novel Corona Virus", we, the Junior - Council Regional Executive Board Visayas2020, would like to inform you that Staffer Search will be moved to a later date which will be announced in  days. 
In a new report out today Corona virus infected 40 workers in one hospital in Wuhan in January showing how dangerous it is.  …
I was never a big Corona drinker. Glad I wasn’t, especially after all that is going on in the news with the virus outbreak. I just hope the next trend is not #Turkeyvirus.
Only this man can defeat the Corona Virus  …
Kalitta Air 4377, AKA the Corona Express, is wheels up from San Antonio enroute to Omaha with 70 special guests. #Coronavius 
In memory of the courage of Dr Li Wenliang. A many who has saved many lives by his actions. “He who holds the firewood for the masses is the one who freezes to death in wind and snow.” #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona #coronaviruswuhan 
this article about a cruise ship being quarantined bc of corona virus just reminded me of a dystopia kids book i read when i was like 10, and it was called.......... titanic 2020 
We are at kenjis and Yvesse sees some guy and screams he has corona virus. My heartI became sober
Dear Fellow Americans something more hideous and dangerous is lurking in our Nation - it puts ALL OF US at RISK EVERYONE ! I Thank @TuckerCarlson for shedding light on something so terrifying - Dems MUST GO worse than Corona !  
I’m scared to get sick, ima assume it’s the corona virus.
if I see one more “the flu is worse” i’m going to plant the corona in their mailbox
Bill was here to drop a couple packs of Corona in the country right?  …
UK Flu deaths so far in 2020 are 213. None from the Corona virus. But that doesn't make such exciting news does it ?
This is a flight from Wuhan China to the United States. We are importing Corona Virus as we speak. 
I have to agree, I think now Japan will say whales spread the corona virus and elephant tusks are an excellent breeding ground for the virus as well... America will say oil stored this virus for centuries so will have to invade your country to safely drill it out...
What’s Gavin Newsom going to do when the corona virus starts running through the homeless populations in California?
Welp kids it was fun while it lasted. Cruise ship carrying 4200 people who have been exposed to the corona virus is docking in New Jersey. I have no faith our immigration system will protect us. Sick people being taken off boat brought into our country. 
I ain’t heard nothing about no travel ban for that corona virus shit tho. They ran outta racism or something?
How is it possible that there are no African cases of this corona virus, are we resistant oba?
Where's Corona virus, Fat? 
De corona in de air or sumting? Alyuh wilding and I fed up. Jus pay my SLU costume and now ah hearing: 1) Dey wan' shoot the miko man dem before carnival 2) Dey wan' fight dadli man dem at carnival 3) Dey doe wan' foreign gyal wit cement waist, although we hav we costume money 
I work permanent weekends, I haven't been out on a Friday for absolutely ages, if I'm sick tonight I'm blaming it on the corona virus that my kids have been spewing all around my house today. 
$SPX Ebola, Debt ceiling, China market crash, Inverted yield curve, Tech crack down by DOJ, Recession, Trade War, Corona virus and we are 1% away from all-time with
The way I'm broke erh. Something is telling me to organize another show and call it Corona Virus. Mobɛba? Anaa me yare?
. #BreakingNews Breaking: Eminem is the first celebrity to be diagnosed with the Corona Virus. In a statement, doctors have revealed that his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
gn babes, say it back or catch the corona virus 
The Corona Virus Will End Soon Because It Was Made In China
You want to kill guys? Get a Chinese alcohol bottle everyone will randomly start talking about the corona virus for no reason at all
Fox News is airing the official news conference on the Corona virus and how it may effect Americans while CNN is STILL talking impeachment! Time to move on to newsworthy information, leftist mockingbird media! 
Although not a drill, the Corona virus, with a low mortality rate, is a incredible opportunity to  responses (previously only guidance protocols) to a pending pandemic, like containment & counter measures, for a future biological weapon attack, etc. #14Days
Two faced people are more dangerous than “Corona Virus” #Cryptic
Y’all remember when them Asian niggas tried to give Jaden Smith the Corona Virus? 
I hope as we're watching this Corona virus epidemic, we're seeing the grave impact these Chinese loans are going to have on us when  to shove...
Antarctica logs hottest temperature on record with a reading of 18.3C (about 65 degrees Fahrenheit). Even in the midst of the WuHan corona virus epidemic, those Chinese can STILL put on one fuck of a hoax.  …
I frankly don’t care where you stand politically, but if you want to contain this deadly Corona Virus, if you have any shred  sense, it makes Zero reason to support any party or candidate supporting Open Borders!  …
Daytona 2011: Newman getting passed by a Penske car on the last lap is  as the damn Corona Virus. Will a Penske car win the 2020 Daytona 500? #NASCAR 
It's like the rest of the the world wants Corona virus in Africa so bad, so they can make it our thing.
This video of these two whistle blowers who came to mourn the doctor that alerted the world on corona virus is the most touching thing you might see on the internet today 
Richmond lab to start corona virus testing on Feb 12 
On the upside, there's a good chance we probably will all get corona virus and die before the election...
“We are ready for Corona Virus” kusho ama South Africans kodwa acishe abulawa uPolony 
Corona virus has infected someone I know, my thoughts: 
Imagine the audacity. Keep your Corona 
Hey animal/science folks? Responding to news that the corona virus may  from pangolins is NOT the time to gloat about them “finally not being trafficked.” A lot of people are dead & sick that were never involved with pangolin trafficking. It’s a bad look.
Trevor Noah is BLESSED  is playing tennis with Nadal, Gates & Federer! nna, am drinking corona!! 
China Dr who tried to warn us if corona virus has died of the disease The Lab where it was kept is in Wuhan near ground zero. What if they are making bio warfare & it got lose? Big Questions & faith Our borders stay closed! Open Borders Crazy right now! Is that what dems want?  …
'Could Corona possibly be China's Chernobyl moment? It was Chernobyl that is considered both a cause and a forewarning of the eventual collapse of the Soviet Union as it finally exposed lacunae despite heavy censorship. Could Corona do the same for China's authoritarian regime?
Why All The Rest Of Beers Are Afraid Of Corona (Virus) 
Zero contamination procedures for Corona virus patients at New Jersey cruise outbreak.  …
Can you catch the corona virus from visiting Asian porn sites?
Our tour in Asia is cancelled due to the Corona virus but I am embracing the free time to ride in Paris. Stay safe everyone! #bmx #coronavirus 
This guy is training to defeat the Corona Virus 
Join us at Bayou Beer Garden on Saturday as the Pelicans face the Pacers! Tip-off at 6:30 pm. Drink specials: $18 buckets of @Corona & Corona Premiere, $12 Modelo pitchers! Meet Pierre & Pelicans Dance Team members and enjoy raffle items, game tickets, & other giveaways! 
The Corona Virus pandemic is ... getting more and more frightening ... this is the latest announcement in the U.S.A ... and also below that ... a latest clip leaked from Wuhan ... 
The best way to avoid infection with a virus like a corona are simple steps like hand washing. A 2014 study out of UK found the fist bump transferred 90 percent fewer bacteria than a regular, old handshake. Simple steps can slow spread of viruses.  
Stopped for a man standing in front of a Zebra Crossing. Dude stood there looking at me as if I've the corona virus. It was not until I screamed at him to "move his ass" that local man realised I stopped for him to cross. He probably never thought a car will stop for him to cross
If I get corona virus give me lime disease too cuz ion want no corona without lime
"The 'Corona Situation': An ongoing Investigative Series" -- by @CeliaFarber for @UncoverDC This article raises important questions and doubts about the mainstream narrative. Grab a coffee and dive in...  …
So corona is transmittable by droplets yeah? So my friend is planning to go to a waterpark yeah? Should I write the funeral speech now or after the trip?
That’s it. We’re all gonna get the Corona. And not the delicious beer type.  …
China is facing multiple severe challenges at once: *Corona Virus *African Swine Flu *Possible H15N *Shadow Banking failure *Trade war *Failing supply to overseas buyers (Kia etc) *Hong Kong unrest *400 million quarantine *segments of economy closed (Foxcon etc) #Coronavius
Q's Surveillance photos of Chongqing (Corona Virus Epicenter) sync up with POTUS Corona Virus Tweet via Time Stamp. 
Different are code, different zip code, different time zone same struggle Chicago is in LA today handling some business & looking forward to meet a few awesome candidates later @LiamOMaraIV @FymForCongress So many are rightfully concerned about corona, poverty is deadlier! 
And yet we question where the Corona Virus came from  …
 to Corona in Islands Apart 
Must-know about #CoronavirusOutbreak in under 2 minutes. #coronaviruschina #Corona #coronavirusindia  …
bruh this girl just walked by me really close while covering her mouth and nose with her jacket and stared at me & waved like tf girl yes imma cough on u and give u the corona virus if you don’t get out of my face
#China #CHINA #Chinazi #XiJinping #Government WORLD DESPISES YOUU!!! A TOTALLY INBREED NATION WITHOUT HEARTEVIL EVIL EVIL!! SATANIC DEMONS #Corona #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaVirus #Wuhan @visit_wuhan  
My good friend's colleague, Steve Gouws, working at international  ZTE, Cape Town, South Africa died at 13:00 today after being exposed to another colleague who returned from China last week. Hospital refused to say Corona virus. They claim it's swine flu.
Africans to Corona virus 
Ei mean say the corona virus dier I fit get some hm  …
The way human reacts to corona virus outbreak is giving me anxiety tbh
Please check out the HeartCry update on the boldness of the believers in Wuhan, China in the midst of the Corona virus -  …
anyway the op who le*k the pcs has “corona” in their u/n and bio which is an apparent anti, if you spread the pics it means you’re supporting the anti’s behaviour, if u saw it just scroll past > report to bighit
This brave man tried to warn us about the corona virus. The Chinese government muzzled him and doomed those he could have saved.  …
#China: We're seeing more and more of these kinds of disturbing and dangerous behaviors. A woman trying to spread the #coronavirus by spitting around... #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #ChinaCoronaVirus #Corona 
Now, that corona is quite interesting, its sort of bits of bulbous proteiny stuff that cover the outside. They're called peplomers - and the technical term is glycoprotein, but all that means is protein with some specific sugars stuck on in a specific order. Stay with me... (4)
Corona gif preview Can you see it? So beautifull right? . @pwizart @Aditya_Azka02 @rekjezt . #android #ios #iphone #icon #icons 
...think of it as being a bit of genetic code wrapped in stuff. The stuff in this case is a protein mix that sticks up on the outside forming a sort of crown (or 'corona') when you look at it using an electron microscope. Hence, coronavirus. (3)
I don't Corona so I'm pretty sure I won't get any kind of beer disease.
Why aren't they wearing protective gear? There might be a reason why the Chinese use full hazmat suits when dealing with corona patients.
Dettol knew about this CORONA VIRUS in 2019..Surprising...Dettol... ???????? 
This is the FIRST in an ongoing investigative series at UncoverDC about coronavirus. This isn’t one of those pieces you read while you are in a rush to get to work. Grab coffee. The “Corona Situation”: An ongoing Investigative Series  …
The biggest center of Corona virus outside China is Diamond Princess cruise ship with 61 persons sick at Yokohama port in Japan.
Dr. Li Wenliang first sounded warning that viral infections in a Chinese province - corona virus, could grow out of control. He was forced to sign a statement denouncing his warning as unfounded & illegal. He has died after contracting the coronavirus.  …
Corona virus should exclude Africa like international artists exclude Africa during their “World tours”  …
Nice new review of The Corona Book of Ghost Stories just spotted on  "One superb collection of ghost stories!" (and yes, it is!)  
B R E A K I N G NEWS ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying and I quote "Shaici ting yang Dong fong cho. Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle". I agree with him because it's for our own good.
Corona-Quarantine at New Jersey Cruise Ship  …
THIS IS HOW CORONA STARTS
Corona Virus may be in Bayonne NJ which is only 45 miles from my home...that is worrisome news to wake up to this morning...almost as disturbing as @realDonaldTrump still occupying the White House.
@CDCemergency @WhiteHouse @GovMurphy Just trying to understand logic? If you have a ship that just docked in Bayonne NJ & removed 10 people for suspicion of a lung condition & not sure if it's Corona Virus test take 36hrs , why would they let the other few thousand people go ?
someone: *cough* people: “cOrOna”
This is amazing. Hong Kong’s new tourism slogan? “How do you #corona?”  …
[] Corona de Arroz de ATINYs de Latinoamérica World Tour The Fellowship: Map the treasure Cr. chang_sha_ma68 @ATEEZofficial #ATEEZ 
apparently people are getting a virus from corona beer and i would just like to say stay sober folks and stay safe
Corona virus checks in Milan 
Corona Virus confirmed cases has dropped for 2 consecutive days. 
"today we're going to talk about the prevention of the Corona Virus" me being the only asian in class:  …
WHY @cdc are there emergency workers removing possible corona virus patients without proper masks or protections in Bayonne, NJ & what happens to remaining passengers? Free to roam & potentially spread? @POTUS @foxandfriends @DHSgov
We have just left the Apapa Port, Lagos. This is in continuity of our spot check on Emergency Preparedness to ensure that all points of entry in the country are adequately equipped to prevent the outbreak of diseases such as the Corona virus. 
Corona virus is the second dangerous virus in the world. @OpIndia_com maintaining its top position very strongly
Corona virus in #dataviz -A Thread-
This people want to bribe corona virus or???  …
Under the directives of King Salman bin Abdulaziz #KSrelief provides aid to #China, which contributes to  the effects of the #Corona virus 
funny how antis attack cblinks (who have already donated a lot of money and masks to help for the corona virus) for raising money to support the  while they themselves haven’t done anything to help with the virus
So far as I am aware, nothing on today's BBC news about the slaughter underway in Idlib. By contrast the news that one British tourist on a cruise ship anchored off Japan has been infect with the corona virus featured prominently. We are  too insular.
We'd been very passive in d face of novel corona virus. Meanwhile, in Indonesia- 
BREAKING: #RoyalCarribean Anthem Of The Seas pulling in to port in Bayonne w possible Corona Virus fears. 1-2 dozen Chinese Nationals aboard cruise to Bahamas. Reports: they have “pulmonary symptoms” & need to be evaluated. Quarantine? Testing? Passenger impact? Live 
Good and bad news, good news is tests  back and he's clear of corona, bad news is its looking like he's got pneumonia. Cleared to fly and we are back in Australia and he's going to hospital for treatment. All will be fine, but I wouldn't expect any streams anytime soon
they stopped the protests in china by releasing the corona virus
Apparently this is what the Chinese ate to get the corona virus, these people need their own planet because 
Corona virus patient caught in Pakistan 
Corona Virus is not a legal way for your racism.
Are you corona virus? Because you are killing me
Mayorkun issa virus cos this geng song be spreading faster than corona
Breaking : Corona virus: China seeks Court approval to kill 20,000 patients to stop spread of Virus.
You know.. why Indonesia have 0 corona cases till now? BECAUSE WE HAVE 1 SECRET!! "KEROKAN" GUYS.. KEROKAN Eventhough maybe undetected one may happen.. but kerokan safe your lyfe guys.. I mean, stay healthy!!  …
In my 7 years on WeChat I've almost never seen anyone openly criticise the Chinese govterment. Now my wall is almost entirely filled with rage and disbelief over the doctor who the CCP silenced when he tried to warn people about Corona. He has recently died from the disease. 
Imagine if someone had corona virus and the person went to bloom, the whole Accra condemned within two weeks
Apparently cocaine kills the corona virus . Wild . The cure was right under our nose the whole time .
When your chinese friend says he’s bringing corona  empty handed. 
Goodness Rihanna. I had a terrible dream. I dreamt I had got Corona. And they were trying to airlift me on a private jet. I'm not sure where to. This is terrible. A fear and a  in one dream. Yes I want to fly private but with my rich lover and not with Corona. Gosh!
The way Corona virus robbed us to give WOT4 stage and JINU a proper send off #WINNER #YOON #MINO #HOONY 
Please be guided! Re: Novel Corona Virus Precautionary Measures by the University of Santo Tomas • Checking of temp through infrared thermometers • Mandatory use of hand sanitizers • Possible slow foot traffic 
POLL: Given her role in creating #HongKong's political crisis by introducing the extradition bill, refusing to listen, condoning #hongkongpolicebrutality, ignoring the district council elections, & now failing to protect #HongKong from #Corona virus, should #CarrieLam resign?
Oh there’s one where a corona virus patient pulled off a certain doctor’s mask to spit in his face.  …
POLL: Given his handling of #Uyghurs #HongKong and #Corona virus crisis, and his repression of civil society, lawyers, religion, should China's President Xi Jinping resign?
Good news. Australia’s first patient diagnosed with corona virus has fully recovered, has been discharged and released from isolation tonight. Thank you to @monashhealth for their amazing care #springst #2019nCoV
This morning we are at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The purpose of the visit is a spot check to assess the readiness of the Airport when  to preventing Corona Virus and other Communicable Diseases.  – at Murtala Muhammed International Airport (LOS)
Hello Delhi, Day of reckoning tomorrow. Go out n make sure bjp is wiped out. This Corona virus has to be destroyed NOW.
Pretty sure suffocation kills faster than corona. 
Lool, when I was in primary school (1998) my friend invited me to his house for his birthday party. His house had an underground Guess who's house was it. Yeah Mike Adenuga house! Eniola where ever u are, we were friends in Primary school (Corona) oh!
This is what pisses me off so much every time I hear preventative methods for Corona discussed & why the most effective like cancelling flights can't be done because it would affect economic growth. Then for WHO endorseing these nonsense priorities is the cherry on the cake
CORONA VIRUS HONGKONG PROTESTERS DEEPSTATE THEY ARE FIGHTING FOR THERE LIVES #DCQStaff #trump2020 @VP @realDonaldTrump  @deanomight1 
I am seeing doctors  this story about corona virus, particularly its detail about the progression of the disease over a two to three week course: Reporter's Notebook: Life and death in a Wuhan coronavirus ICU 
[!!] DMT IG update of #WINNER message regarding DMT fanmeet cancellation due to corona virus #MINO #송민호 #위너 @official_mino_ @yginnercircle  
Pls read the truth of Corona virus and the death of Doctor Li Wenliang. Hoping China  this crisis Rest in peace！Doctor Li Wenliang 
B R E A K I N G ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing Shaici tin. I agree with him because it's for our own good.
DMT IG post  … With Winner video message about the 2/16 event being postponed/hold off tentatively due to corona virus. They requested for everyone's understanding, to check updates thru dmt sns & iFAN and for ICs to stay safe & healthy. 
I just do not know if the Chinese Authorities are reporting actual figures of the Corona Virus infections and deaths!
My heart goes out to families of 3700 people who are on board the ship that is quarantined in #Yokohama. They are from across the world. They can't get on the ground and the virus is spreading from 5 to 20 to 61 people today. #coronavirus #Corona 
Meanwhile one International news A petition is filed by state in heighest court of china regarding #coronavirus #Corona This petition says "As no break through is achieved yet & disease can't risk billions of people, state wants to execute (kill) around 20000 infected" Cont
Healthy doctor age 34 censured for telling the truth about #CoronaVirus. The mortality of people like that to corona virus is close to 0%. What was done by the govt to hasten his death? Mortality rate of Chinese protestors >> rate from virus. RT  …
Communism And Socialism Is A ‘Virus’ Deadlier Than Corona #DemExit Chinese Communist Party Purge Begins over  …
*corona virus trending worldwide* ebola and hiv: 
BREAKING NEWS The President of China have finally spoken about the Corona Virus, He said..... Shaící tàny tung tëng, brooi donng choo fuo laaá. Jizchañg zi Chang... I agree totally, cause it's for our own good as Nigerians.....
Follow the White Rabbit. Kobe dies. (Sacrifice to Baphomet) Corona virus. (Pandemic scare) Super Bowl halftime show. (Invoking Lord of Chaos) SOTU2020 and Pelosi shred (Coven hex on America) Prayers Patriots. Focus. Luciferian's rule by FEAR and CHAOS. And now this...  …
Is it allowed to abuse someone ? There is someone at my tl who wants me to hav corona virus .. should he be abused or blocked
what are you getting this year? january: $100,000 feb: pregnant march: alcohol poisoning april: corona may: flowers from your crush june: spider infestation july: ur own tv show aug: aids sep: new amazing friends oct : bomb dick nov: job/school offer dec: ari follow!!
I keep hearing that there is a shortage of doctors. Maybe all these medical experts I’m seeing tweeting about the corona virus should apply for jobs, instead of sitting on Twitter all day.
BEIJING ANNOUNCES INVESTIGATION TO DETERMINE CAUSE OF DEATH OF DOCTOR WHO WAS FIRST WARNED OF CORONA VIRUS  …
Dr. Li Wenliang, the Wuhan doctor who supposedly died after being a "whistleblower," was an eye doctor, not on the front lines. The story that he raised the alarm about corona virus is Western propaganda that Chinese media unfortunately picked up.  …
Let’s pray for those who are at risk for corona virus 
the very first patient (chinese tourist) of corona virus here in korea has already recovered and was discharged ytd. so there's two recovered patients now. a new patient was reported today. a krn residing in wuhan who came back to kr last 1/31 
The whole world is losing sleep over the Corona virus while South Africans are just looking for an accurate load shedding schedule
Having solved gang violence, affordability, traffic congestion and corona virus, #Toronto City Hall turns to the next most pressing issue in Canada’s largest  …
If you are using a map for describing Hubei province in China, use this map. This is for stories on Corona Virus. 99% of the maps you find in google are not showing Indian territories properly. They have wrong depictions for Aksai Chin or Arunachal Pradesh or both. So use this. 
#CoronaOutbreak, #Corona, #coronaviruschina,one quarantine room,a couple,both Doctors in the same hospital,not seeing each other for 7 days,they came across in the same floor, they've recognized each other's voice through layers of protective gears,they hugged,still carried 
"Li Wenliang, the doctor from Wuhan who first saw Corona  is now killed by the virus!" He was earlier arrested by  govt for spreading 'rumor' about a virus similar to SARS. Had they been listened, virus may hv been contained early.  …
Chinese censorship has made the #CoronaOutbreak worse. Now, 61 people on a cruise off #Yokohama are confirmed as having Corona, amongst >30k globally. Would you have trusted the Chinese govt to have accurately reported the #of deaths in Tiananmen Square? 
Are we really ready for #Corona? A South African returned from China with symptoms and was turned away without testing and given a panado! Another says she was told there was no way to test her! How long before a confirmed case? #702Breakfast
if i get coronavirus i hope i get lyme disease cause u cant have a corona without a lime
Update: 48-year-old woman dies after being thrown from motorcycle in Corona hit-and-run; driver remains at large
China seeks courts approval to kill over 20 000 patients who has been diagnosed with Corona, they say that's the only solution to prevent it from spreading coz there's no cure as yet
Beijing is under quarantine, Emperor Corona has been hiding, no one pays Yang’s bills. RIP,  …
An interesting read and conspiracy theory regarding the corona virus  …
I don’t believe you. Dr. Wenliang warned people about the Novel Corona Virus in December, BEFORE millions went on holiday for the Chinese New Year. Your response? You accused him of spreading false information and sent the police after him. You murdered him. THAT, is the truth.  …
My uber intelligent doctor sister-in-law was on CBC talking about the CORONA virus. If you’re worried about it, watch this and she will tell you everything you need to know and hopefully ease your stresses! It begins at around 15:50. @SeemaMarwahaMD  …
Corona Virus Update: More than 630 people have died and more than 31,000 are infected. The Chinese doctor Li Wenliang who knew about Corona virus and warned every one about this deadly Virus died as well.
At my job today the discussion was how people will not eat Chinese food or go to the Casino where a lot of Chinese people work because of th Corona Virus. The only thought that ran through my mind is "Are people really thinking like this?"
does she have the corona virus yet ¿ 
The key factor of success of Kerala's health department in fighting deadly diseases like Nipah or Corona is this lady! K K Shailaja Teacher, CPIM leader from Kannur is leading the department  and great management skills.  …
Corona is in the air Me: 
#China: Woman screaming after she were put literally in a "quarantine box". #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #ChinaCoronaVirus #coronovirus #Corona 
Not all heroes wear capes, RIP Dr. Li Wenliang. He warned the Chinese public of #Coronavirus back in December but the government punished him and silenced him and today he dies of corona virus. 
just got called a corona carrier by a white woman. hi im mika. would you like to know how my life is being asian
Y’all freaking out over Corona but doing shit like this  …
4 doctors now dead. English: Dr. Peter Salama died. Who is Peter Salama? The WHO medical scientist who warned that the level of dangerousness of the Corona virus is 3.8 and that the world should be quarantined. What a thing ...  …
Bro I swear I have the corona virus all day ive been feeling super hot, my throat hurts, my nose is running, my palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy theres vomit on my sweater already moms spaghetti
If I get the coronavirus I’ll purposely give myself lymes disease too bc corona-lyme hits different
Posted with 'more than consent' aka enthusiastic encouragement from my patient who wanted to show her solidarity against #coronavirus #racism by bringing some Corona in herself . The support of patients going through their own tough times inspires me to my best every day 
Id fight a thousand corona virus infested rats with file sharpened teeth and for a right hook to the jaw just one plz 
I don't know any crackheads who caught the Corona virus. I'm not saying go smoke crack, but you do the math...
A peek into how #China is dealing with Corona-"just a flu"-virus. Never believe what you hear, especially if  from China. #CoronaVirus #Corona 
Doctor Li Wen Liang who tried to warn others about corona virus has passed away because of the virus. Deep condolences Stay safe everyone  …
Wow. Pierre McGuire just said on NBCSN that there is worry around the league about a shortage of hockey sticks because most are made in China near where the Corona Virus is centered. Players don’t know when they’ll get their next batch of sticks apparently.
And they wonder why they got the corona virus 
Breaking news: We learned through confidential sources that China forsing Uyghurs to sign consent paper to travel Wuhan to help Corona virus. Why Uyghurs? Billions of Chinese population not enough?
fred wilpon is 83 bro someone give him the corona virus
The official figures from China on cases of and deaths from the corona virus are not credible. A vaccine may be found but it will take many months yet to  available. In the meantime the Chinese economy will be badly affected with severe repercussions for the Eurozone etc.
“The past was alterable. The past never had been altered. The CCP was at war with the Corona Virus. The CCP had always been at war with the Corona Virus.”  …
Prof. Neil Ferguson: Perhaps 10% #corona cases detected/reported in #china & 25% of cases elsewhere. Est. 50,000 new cases China /day, doubling ea 5 days. If so public health officials Canada / US hopeless  … #CoronaVirusCanada #cdnpoli #fintwit @MishGEA
#Tokyo2020 #Olympics2020 #olympics #tokyo #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus #corona I hope the olympics still go ahead 
Corona virus? Heh. I'm not scared I have Honnouji Hand Sanitizer 
I've been posting recently my hypothesis that Corona was: Developed in the lab It has been weaponized it has been released intentionally I got blocked by many of my opponents Does anyone still question this theory  …
Despite Corona virus, @NKN_ORG Beijing team members are all healthy and working hard from home. Readying #dataRide launch. We are also doing our little part: donating bandwidth  tools to help enterprises collaborate remotely & 
bitcoin up on news that stablecoins are not medium of transmission for corona virus
The Outer Worlds is now delayed due to the Corona Virus but good news the physical version will  in a cartridge! 
The corona virus whistleblower doctor has died, he got infected too while saving his people. And China social media is in rage, but their government controls everything on internet. Sad for them, they don't have freedom of speech like we have. 
Imagine the Chairman of World Health Organization caughing while delivery a speech to a hall full of people about the seriousness of Corona Virus . Only few can relate
Corruption has infected John Mahama like Corona virus....Chairman Wontumi
lol! Yep! "Happy Corona Virus Day"  
corona: find your beach coronavirus: find yourself in quarantine
Extremely fast moving but faint auroral corona an hour ago here on Senja, Norway. Then the clouds took over @TamithaSkov @chunder10 @INSVideos @AngryTheInch @OW_Photography @Lathanafoto @halocme @StormHour @dartanner 
Chloe just told John that I’m not there with them because I have the corona virus and he BELIEVED HER. I. Am. DYING.
Corona’s used to be ordered with limes. Now thanks to the coronavirus they‘re ordered with stupid fucking jokes.
Corona virus takes down fair behemoth Art Basel.  …
Almost all market risk has been removed, with the exception of Corona, which has been brushed off with ease. IMO, this is the phase where we truly go parabolic. 3400’s almost assured. 3500 realistic. 4,000 possible. We could go straight up like $TSLA, and I’m not joking.
You know the game some like to play where they retweet something & suggest it didnt age well? Had a couple those happen to me with $SPX down 2-3% on Corona & I was adamant that it wouldnt last. I guess what I'm trying to say is that ALL of my Corona/Market tweets have aged well
Snake Eyes by @adelso_corona 
Wow the im-a-racist-dick-wipe virus is spreading faster than the Corona virus, maybe That's not the virus we should be worried about.
Right, I’m going to be offline for a bit. I’m exhausted and miserable tbh. Hopefully a touch of the Corona. For all Popular Front enquiries please email: patrick@hanrahan.tv PF will be running as normal don’t worry. Loads of new episodes, bonus eps, and the Iraq  Ta.
Was deffs a hun that brought corona virus to derry
Corona virus-associated racism is messing with Chinese-owned businesses in the U.S.  …
Been constantly deleting Corona virus jokes that have been showing up on my 12 fan club video... Please grow the fuck up
This corona virus better be on annual leave in the summer, I’m tryna touch few destinations
She was actually gonna spread Corona virus to  so she had to quarantine herself as pages said, sacrifice a few to save the majority  …
Lord Jesus may this be the only Corona South Africa will ever know. Amen 
The Corona Virus patient registered in Finland is finally symptom free and has been discharged
I Skyped with a dad and his 4-year-old daughter who are in isolation at Rady’s Children for the Corona Virus. Hear from them tonight on @fox5sandiego at 4 and 
No Corona formed against us shall prosper #CoronaOutbreak #KwaMaMkhize 
Shit imma never get corona virus  …
Niggas traded Andre Drummond for a pack of Newport’s and a 6 pack of corona
I spent 2 days in London this week and being the virus/parasite expert that I am, I made sure to protect myself as well as possible from any Corona threat Turns out years of making Flood videos actually pays off, who woulda thought it 
9 suspected corona cases? I figure them say two. Ei what dey happen?
Chinese were already dying from a virus called Communism. Now, more Chinese are dying from a virus called Corona. Both are deadly, and only the latter is acknowledged to be harmful. Open your eyes, raise your hands, speak your hearts, and remember the Uyghurs always and forever.
When you ask for corona and your server sneezes in your face 
In honor of corona-virus stream Medicine by JLo 
Russian state TV is discussing a conspiracy theory about the U.S. allegedly creating the Coronavirus. It’s based on the word “Corona,” which is Russian for “crown.“ This supposedly proves the link to Trump, because he used to give out crowns (“coronas”) at his beauty pageants. 
Chinese woman infected with Cornavirus shot dead by Chinese police after fleeing quarantine!!! #china #CoronaVirus #corona 
Oh my God, I can’t breathe Russian state TV is alleging that the U.S. developed the #coronavirus What’s their evidence? “Corona” means “crown” in Russian and Donald Trump handed out crowns at beauty pageants They are... They are not joking 
SARS: I made 8100 people sick and stoked a lot of fear and racism towards the Chinese. Corona: Hold my beer.
This just sums up Brexit Britain People seem to think Corona beer is linked to deadly Wuhan coronavirus - Business Insider  …
Can’t tell if I got the corona virus or just allergies.
This was a young, healthy doctor who reported the corona virus was spreading. Now he's dead. Meanwhile our so called president  on national tv while his sycophants grovel and scrape. This virus won't care that your name is Trump.  …
We are ready for Corona virus. Says a country that was nearly wiped out by Polony. Le country ine drama 
I pray that #coronavirus doesn't reach South Africa.I mean we were almost killed by polony..imagine what Corona,a whole alcohol would do to us 
"We can consider request for evacuating Pakistani students from China. ~ India There are rumours of 12 Pakistani students death in China from Corona virus but the news is perhaps being suppressed by Pakistan and China.
If you're not careful about what you eat, you can end up living for months locked in your room infected with the Corona virus. If you're not careful about who you vote, you may end up living for five years in shaheen bagh controlled delhi infected with the AAP virus.
I really do don't think none confirmed diagnoses of the corona virus need to be announced. What's the purpose?  …
He was checked into the hospital a few days later, and then transferred to the ICU. As the corona virus grew into an international headline, Li's story began spreading on the internet. Li posted this update to his social media on 1/31, thanking people for their support. (3/7) 
Right now, China is mourning the death of 李文亮 (Li Wenliang). Li was a doctor working at Wuhan. On 12/30, he discovered Corona virus-like symptoms in a patient. He alerted all of his colleagues in the medical field. Three days later, he was contacted by the police (1/7) 
Burning pigs to avoid corona virus in China are being eliminated as these pigs can also be the cause of the virus 
For saturday to the tune of Glad all over: We've got *clap clap* CORONA VIRUS We've got *clap clap* CORONA VIRUS We've got *clap clap* CORONA VIRUS in Brighton and Hooooove
The reporter who just asked a question to “Miss Hajdu” at the corona virus evacuation press conference, please refer to her as Minister Hajdu as she is acting in her professional capacity. I note, you had no problem referring to Minister Champagne using his proper title. #cdnpoli
The racist abuse of Chinese people (and presumably anyone who looks Chinese) because of the Corona virus is not just unacceptable, it's symptomatic of #BrexitBritain. The Corona virus will kill a lot of people. The #ToryBrexit is killing a whole country!
After removing the mask, how doctor and nurse look. doctors have to use the mask for more than 12 hours to serve the corona virus patients. Love and respect for all the great doctors who are always involved in the service of humanity. #corononavirus 
BREAKING Health Department confirms 2 suspected corona virus cases in KZN. There is no laboratory confirmation, yet. #SABCNews
565 dead and 28000 confirmed cases of Corona virus in China. The Chinese doctor who first warned of Corona virus died but China denies it.
Corona-chan is spreading dr stone products link below  
#Coronavirus Thread on effect of corona virus on economy, social stability, jobs n stature of China. Also brief review of effect on world. China is 60% urbanized. Major economy is concentrated in big cities n 100 km of coastline
When The Post Millennial reached out to the guy who faked coronavirus on a plane, he responded by asking for $400. After being denied money, he eventually agreed to do it anyway. Ladies and gentlemen, The Corona Kid:  …
Taxi driver  about corona virus when Chinese people cross the street in front of us. Can only imagine he hasn’t taken a good look at his passenger. Let’s see how this ride plays out....
Empty airport in #Beijing #China #corononavirus #pek #corona 
Maybe u were going to die due to corona virus. God is watching u sweetheart.  …
Don't be so afraid of the "CORONA VIRUS" it won't last long because it's made in "CHINA" ‍‍
Couple of young (20ish) women chatting on train & discussing what take away to have later. One says “I’m not touching a Chinese, no way!” Friend asks “Is that cos you don’t like it?” Response: “No, I love it, but don’t want to catch that Corona flu (sic)...” #LaughOrCry
These are different than the other ones. These are more like the fever clinics where you are sick but not officially diagnosed. Coronachan will run rampant through that place with how they are running it, just one corona infected person is all that's needed.  …
Maybe it's a new symptom of Corona virus #corononavirus #Innoson 
Is he the unluckiest CM Kerala ever had? 2017 - Ockhi Cyclone 2018 - Nipah Virus 2018 - Flood 2019 - Again Flood 2019 - Sabarimala Issue 2020 - Communal issues over CAA 2020 - Corona Virus (3 Patients &2826 under observation) No. of new investments in last 4 years- A Big ZERO! 
What kind of Californian votes with Trump 97.5% of the time? CA-42 Rep. Ken Calvert does. Join us in Corona on Tuesdays as we work send Ken home to flip the district blue! @LiamOMaraIV @Marston4ca42 @SwingLeftIV  …
Corona virus is the dress rehearsal for new style authoritarian takeover of people's rights.
I'll tell you what is more worrying than #Corona Flu! normal bloody flu that kills about 700,000 people every year. Now stop being alarmist and wash your hands!
#LiWenliang, a #Chinese doctor, tried to warn others about #CoronavirusOutbreak. The Chinese govt tried to censor him. He went back to work anyway & ended up catching #CorononaVirus. Now, he has died from #Corona. Chinese censorship kills, literally. 
Why do I keep feeling that this Corona virus is an attack on China's growing economic and world power dominance. Well, I don't have all the facts and cannot claim to know it all but I hope this Corona is defeated fast.
Dr Li Wenliang, doctor who tried to warn others about Corona virus in early days of outbreak in December was investigated for "spreading rumours", and recently diagnosed positive, dies. Sad, really sad! 
Li Wenliang, the 34 year old Chinese doctor who first sounded alarm on the 2019 Novel Corona Virus, dies. He was never acknowledged for his effort but was instead questioned by Chinese Police for rumormongering. Reports say, his parents were also infected. 
Man Uniteds plan behind signing Ighalo Sign Ighalo from china Corona virus enters UK England suspends football Liverpool DON'T WIN the league #Marlians 
Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan’s chief Khadim Hussain Rizvi says that Corona Virus is actually Allah punishing the Chinese for atrocities on Uighur Muslims. Rizvi saheb wishes more of the same on China and also its supporters in Pakistan. Guess who these supporters are. 
We stand by the window embracing, and people look up from the street: it is time they knew! It is time the stone made an effort to flower, time unrest had a beating heart. It is time it were time. It is time. —Paul Celan, from “Corona” trans. Michael Hamburger
Colonial queen @helenzille is the Corona virus of @Our_DA with senior leaders leaving in droves "to pursue other interests". Zille is toxic, wear a mask if you are near her & wash your hands often.
Why isn't beer popular in China? Look what happened when they tried Corona.
If I’m gonna get corona virus let me get Lyme disease too! Can’t have a corona without a lime
Heard them shouting Jesus never fails... But failed measurably??? Corona Virus wins #Christian Pastor have lost faith in their God, a tiny virus has exposed 
If I catch this Corona Virus shit ima be sick
I think the 2020 rise of crypto has been overshadowed in the short term by Trump Impeachment hearings and Corona Virus News.....the real FOMO hasn't even begun to begin. The numbers won't be ignored. #0doubt
BREAKING: ONE Championships “Reign of Dynasties” event scheduled for China, April 11 has been cancelled due to the Corona Virus. The event will now take place in Jakarta, Indonesia, April 10 
China’s Central Bank gives some of its reserves to the govt to tide over national disasters (factories shut down due to corona virus, etc). India’s Central Bank gives its reserves to the govt to splurge on nonsense.
After removing the mask, how doctor and nurse look. doctors have to use the mask for more than 12 hours to serve the corona virus patients. Love and respect for all the great doctors who are always involved in the service of humanity. #corononavirus 
We also discussed developments in the Corona outbreak and efforts to prevent further epidemic of the outbreak in the region. 
everybody at the airport is wearing surgical masks bc of the corona virus while i, an idiot, am simply rawdogging the air
Russian state television airs conspiracy theory that Trump ordered the creation of the coronavirus. The proof? The name starts with "corona," which means "crown," and Trump used to give out crowns at beauty pageants.  …
china population is 1.5 billion and 500 died of corona virus so far USA population is like 340 million and 8000 have died of  flu what’s more serious?
No I am not channeling some inner superhero just taking precautions while traveling. I pray for all those suffering from the Corona Virus. We stand with China at this crucial time and hope to see a speedy end to the epidemic. Cannot go around frightening children at airports.. 
somebody with the corona virus please cough on my ex, i’m tryna see something.
Why is the virus called corona virus? 
Do NOT vape in my face and call me Corona Virus. Do NOT expect me not to cough when I have to breathe in smoke from YOUR CIGARETTE, DO NOT expect any asian or I to have the freaking corona virus when we haven’t been anywhere near the virus. You’re disgusting.
Would you fuck around and get corona virus for another eagles SB?
Eeii so u people still EAT at CHINESE Restaurants ? U people no Dey fear CORONA VIRUS?
Another major Chinese city has been placed on lockdown. In some districts, only one person per household is permitted to leave their home every two days. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #Corona 
A patented invention of bitterness-mask smoker Do you need clean air? Still want to kill the virus with nicotine? #CoronaOutbreak #corononavirus #VIRUS_CORONA #ChinaWuHan #كورونا 
BREAKING: The suspected #corononavirus in #Ghana is negative. After testing the samples of the 2 patients, it turned out negative and not the virus. So Ghana, thankfully has not recorded a corona virus... Yet. Hopefully never. #Health
Solution of the Corona Virus is to immediately release 4 million #Uyghur #Muslims from the concentration camps . #CoronaOutbreak 
She's corona. One word for her! 
Dis one dah MBBS is trending. I hope eez nor something like Corona in Luth? 
Reduce your risk to Corona Virus. Some helpful tips; here's how to protect yourself. Spread the word to create awareness. 
Over 9000 people screened for Corona virus at SYDNEY Airport since Sunday! Of the 9000 examined 396 more closely assessed and none found to have Corona. 23 are still under investigation . We had 4 cases .. but 3 are out in the clear. Thx to the staff a @NSWHealth
I saw a bitter Ugandan claiming the Ugandans in Wuhan should die there because no one sent them to study from there. Can you imagine thinking like that? That's poverty which is far more deadly than the Corona virus. Turns you into a salty witch. Abanaku
CORONA VIRUS: Head of JoyNews Health Desk, @fredkuukusmith brings us up to speed with the latest developments. 
So far the biggest move was c-carats wreath however kcarats although they planned a protest, are now hesitant due to the health risks of the recent corona virus as well as the possibility that WeVerse has already been signed within a legal contract and pledis cannot quit.  …
A man wants to give me a lift in a CORONA car Me :  …
BREAKING NEWS!! Chinese president has finally spoken on the “Corona Virus” saying.. “Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong choo la jiehang cho. Shaici ting yang huang yangi Xanghi xauhn shei” I totally agree with him because its for our own good or what do u think?!
It's happened China National Offshore Oil Company CNOOC declares "Force Majeur" on #LNG contracts It won't take contracted shipments due to Corona virus The Chinese economy will go into a big economic slowdown/ recession #ASX $STO $ORG  …
BIG  from China - Tencent Holdings tracker just reported 25000+ Deaths & 1.5 Lakh active infections from Corona Virus. Chinese authorities have claimed just around 500 deaths! If the tracker is true, this is not only a virus outbreak but a massive epidemic.
Ah Ghana paaa Joy News reporting that one of the 2 suspected of carrying the corona virus and under observation at Korle Bu couldn’t be found and authorities said he said he was going to buy food so they allowed him to go but he’s back We are not serious one bit
The last porno section of Hong Kong newspapers is no longer there, because of the Corona Virus. This long time reader reminds us that that the porno section survived the SARS epidemic.  …
The hustle in Uganda is REAL. So apparently, someone in Owino Market has ALREADY discovered the cure of Corona Virus. Ohhh Uganda!! Indeed may God uphold thee!! 
It's so funny how some people fear Corona virus but can have live Sex with someone they have just met.. It's funny
A few tips to protect yourself and others from getting infected with corona virus.... 
This is what it's like to take a Wednesday train from Shanghai to Beijing in times of corona. 
Let us pray the Oratio Imperata in light of the 2019 Novel Corona Virus (nCoV). See:  
Congratulations to corona on the world’s most successful viral marketing campaign for a beer.
So, this. “Corona” is Russian for crown. Russian state TV claims Trump is behind the new coronavirus, because he used to give out “coronas” at his beauty pageants  …
In Latin, word 'corona' means 'crown' borrowed from the Ancient Greek κορώνη (korṓnē, crown,wreath) When viewed under an electron microscope, #coronavirus appear to have a crown-like structure and from there it took its name. Wishes for a speedy recovery for all the victims 
The recent news about the Novel Corona Virus (nCoV) from Wuhan, China has been causing fear to all. As the saying goes, prevention is always better than cure. As Normalites, here are the things we should know on how to prevent the spread of this virus. Stay healthy, everyone! 
China: corona virus Australia: on fire & flash floods Philippines: volcano eruption ABC news:  …
Mf that weed is the corona virus
WOW. Third Corona Virus patient in PH, is from Wuhan—again. What steps are being taken to identify & quarantine those who had prolonged contact w/ infected? Is @immigrationPH getting flight manifests? Do we have enough equipment to treat those w/ respiratory diseases, 
CORONA RAPTURE??? Dis Igbo man confess say hunger wire him sotayy  out to see if he fit buy something. As  out, na so im no see even a single soul that im begin wonder weda RAPTURE don take place & na only him remain. #CoronavirusWho 
When millions of lives are at stake, there's a lot more to consider than just chartering a plane to evacuate Ugandans from China coz that's actually the easiest part. If China has with all its superior tech failed to contain the Corona virus, does Uganda honestly stand a chance?
CORONA VIRUS MASKS FOR COUPLES save money. 
yeah i’m still using corona virus as an excuse to promote train to busan #corononavirus  …
Is this news true? Is it mere suspicion or the corona virus is in Ghana? Regardless little education has gone round, same for precautionary measures  …
[INFO]Taehyung's Chinese Fanbase Vbar donated 50,000 surgical mask,20,000 KN-95 Anti pollution Mask, goggles, operating suits,protective clothing & gloves to various Medical centre & hospital to help against Wuhan Corona Virus outbreak.Their contribution is mentioned by GQ Report 
Happened to interact with a mallu businessman. He was a vocal supporter of RaGa. Was wondering why Indians didn't give him a chance! I asked whether he'd entrust his manufacturing unit with a fresher, even though they're producing footwear.. he changed topic to Corona virus
Corona? Cocaine? Best epidemic E-V-E-R!  …
The PM's father, Stanley Johnson, met Chinese ambassador Liu Xiaoming and emailed his worries to UK officials - accidentally copying in the BBC. In case you were worried about  Matt Hancock handling Corona virus - breath easy as Johnson has got his dad to sort it out  …
i'm sick of the 'bat-eating,' 'drink corona,' 'chinese ppl eat  on every video on chinese food we publish. it's exhausting and it's not funny.
윤재혁 졸업 축하해 Jaehyuk brings camera to his graduation will we get jaehyuk's graduation in treasure map????? YAAS! fyi. Jaehyuk's school prohibited people  to school because of corona viruses even their parents #JaehyukGraduationDay 
This isn’t about the corona btw, Gods got me. I’m just saying BRO THERES SO MUCH ROOM TO WALK AND YOU GET CLOSE ENOUGH TO ME TO WHERE I CAN SMELL WHAT YOU ATE FOR DIN DIN ON YOUR BREATH
A government that cares will hire a jet to evacuate the 85 stranded Kenyans in Wuhan, China. How much do we lose in corrupt dealings? We lose so much that just hiring a jet to evacuate Kenyans in the Corona Virus zone should not be an issue for debate.
BREAKING: China to halve tariffs on hundreds of US goods worth about $75 billion @CNBC ... a corona concession  …
Corona virus suspect is Gs25 staff that near with TCC centre (loona fansign place)
Saviour in the skies! Salutations  to the @airindiain team, led by Capt Amitabh Singh, Director Ops, Air India, that flew into the epicentre of the Corona virus epidemic to evacuate fellow Indians. Kudos to everyone involved in the operation! 
i thought i had the corona virus but turns out its aids, god is good
Hospital Built in 10 days in Wuhan China. Dedicated to the patients infected with Corona Virus!!!.. M0DI is busy with Hindu Muslim.. 
#GodMorningThursday God Morning Animals are killed for meat & leather! Eating meat is a heinous sin It increases the risk of Cancer and other deadly diseases. Like the Corona Virus came from the meat market. 
Always donating the MOST money for the GROUP as a whole. They are very busy for Lisa's schedule in China these days, for her birthday, for Corona virus donate, for her everything and now for her group! The BEST BAR ever @LISABar_CN! Thank you 57baby too  …
Armo guy walking to me at work: -Axpers indz mihat Corona piva tur *im giving him the beer* Same Armo guy: -Axpers bayc esi Coronavirusi het kap chuni che ? Karoxa xmem mernem ?
But it's not effective item for Corona victims. I'm afraid it.  …
There's is lot of misunderstanding about Corona. She's not bad... rather she is beautiful. Isn't she? 
getting worried about this corona virus, so i have ordered my self one of those face masks from Albert, how long do things take to arrive from China?
Do you think the PR people at Corona are trying to spin this another way
OMGosh So I get to my room, after the opening party, & I'm hungry. I'm thinking, "I need food & a beer." Then I see chips, salsa, guac and 2 @corona's (on ice) in my room! I've spoken at a lot of conferences. But have never had a  like this. 
If I get the Corona virus, I hope I get Lime disease because you can’t have a corona with out a lime
catch a lil corona virus or listen to steve lacy album?
ADVISORY | Following Mapua University’s Precautionary Measures regarding the Novel Corona Virus 2019 (2019 nCoV), and in order to help control the spread of 2019 nCoV, Malayan Colleges Mindanao (A Mapua School), Inc. (MCM) is implementing its own equivalent measures. 
Here's something interesting that I noticed regarding the "Data Greeting" mode inside the Re𝄌Mind files. If we check the menu there's only ONE map for Kingdom of Corona, BUT inside the files it's listed as "Spot Nº3", so... they made an spot 01 and 02 before...  
Hey, Mini @MikeBloomberg , Emperor Corona sends troops who r armed to the teeth from all parts of China into outbreak epicenter Wuhan - Do u need tanks and machine guns to fight the outbreak?  
My Corona!!! 
CZ Acquaintance of mine familiar with Chinese manufacturing says his employees there state the Corona virus situation there is way worse than China is admitting. Manufacturing shut down, and this is hurting China to where the truth may have  out.
Here's a pic of @aikaelinzano staying safe from Corona Virus 
This is by far the best video i have seen today . Personal hygiene should never be taken lightly especially with the Corona Virus on the loose! #ThursdayThoughts #CoronaVirusCanada 
Tencent leaked official data that 24 thousand people have died in China in last one month due to Corona Virus,Communist Party claiming only 500 have died.This is shocking mortality rate.Indian Government should not take risk and be extremely vigilant  …
Racism and xenophobia have no place in response to the novel corona virus or any emerging infectious disease. I’ve asked Vic MPs to call this out when it occurs and to support Vic’s  Great that the nation’s Chief Health Officers have done the same  …
I seem to be the only person in this airport without a mask! FML #corona 
i can't believe we got world war 3, corona virus, brexit, vanessa & austin split, brad and jen reunite, harry & meg unite, the bafta's, the grammys, mcr tour, aus bushfires, ukraine plane crash, and kobe & gigi rip in JANUARY
how tf did a small ass country like singapore that’s supposedly vigilant as hell have the second highest number of corona virus infections so fast
I’m starting to root for the Corona virus.
The meeting with @DefenceMinIndia @rajnathsingh went well. He was very down to earth &  & offered among other things, to help @MNDF_Official with professional gear required in hazardous situations. IA so far no one has tested positive for novel Corona virus in Maldives  …
Waiting for the corona virus to make the rate of people flying go down so the flights could be cheaper. >>>>>
Confirmed case of Corona virus at UTRGV.  … 3 students admitted to local hospital. News story above.
#GodMorningThursday ""Corona virus"" China's meat market is the main cause of havoc Eating meat is against the law of God, eating meat is a great sin. #NoMeat_NoCoronaVirus Please must watch Ishwar TV 8:30 pm.  …
Put in the drink bro Can’t have corona without limes lmao
6 days ago @POTUS said: Corona virus would “have a very good end for us” What a difference a few days can make.... There are NO COINCIDENCES  …  …  …
chinese hooker: Sex? Me: No way Jose! You have corona! Chinese hooker: ok half off Me: ................Perhaps..  …
So there’s a lot of horrible  out of China regarding the corona virus. Let’s examine this. China controls internet access to a fault. There are ways to get information out but as strudalz can tell you it’s not easy. 1/
Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of #Wuhan,an epicenter of #coronavirus outbreak... Spraying ourselves with chemicals probably is not the solution. Just trading Corona Virus for Cancer really. I’m sure there will be more to this story n I will not be good... 
People who died from the Corona Virus since Jan 23rd: 565. People who have died by Suicide since Jan 23rd: 30,250. Why are we still not treating mental illness like a global epidemic.
Thousands of nurses and doctors in #Hongkong are striking becuase of Carrie Lam. She is the one refusing to close all borders to #china even with the #corona virus! Now someone in Hong Kong has died. The nurses and doctored aren’t happy! Extended Version -  
#Corona has once again brought into focus the harmful effects of illegal wildlife trade. CAUTION: it’s not just China ! Few areas in India are also prone to spread of such diseases, due to the fascination for illegal wild/bush meat. #stopillegalwildlifetrade 
The guy who ‘claimed’ he may be sick with corona virus on a WestJet flight ... said he was trying to make a viral video. Now he’s been interviewed by every station and the video is being shared widely ... so we’re all helping him achieve his goal . Please stop.
When 0 non Asians die from Corona virus after weeks of infections how can I possibly not believe the bio weapon theory?
This mad annoying. Asian American literally get bullied because Americans fear them because of the corona virus. How insensitive. Learn to have empathy girl.. cause this ain’t it.  …
corona bet not touch me, bitch im taken 
13 souls were lost today in #Idlib and #Aleppo in northern #Syria. All due to the brutal bombardment by the regime forces and Russian aviation and their war on civilians. #Corona is not the only killer virus in this world. Putin and Assad are an epidemic killing innocent Syrians. 
So I was in Sakura today buying lunch and a man seh to one a the Chinese ppl dem “SELL MI A $550 CORONA VIRUS DEH”! And I....my people are undefeated.
Hello Miss King, You dodged that Harvey question like it was the corona virus.
Today, the  of Scarborough came together to eat at the Royal Chinese Restaurant to show our love & support to our  & businesses in Ontario as we deal with fears spread due to misinformation about the Corona virus. We are united together! 
I have the Flu ... I’m corona free
"Create space — then place something in it." According to Hall of Fame drummer Ed Soph, @ChickCorea typed this leaflet up on his old Smith-Corona typewriter, and used to hand it out at clinics. (H/T Rare Jazz Photos) cc: 
Your bitch is super nasty I think that she got Corona 
Dear PNP. Please arrest Sen. Sotto for spreading fake news about the 2019 novel Corona virus. Thanks. #Sottobobo
Saw a Corona bottle at a gas station today and i dipped tf out of there smh I couldn’t take that risk
Congratulations to corona on the world’s most successful viral marketing campaign for a beer.
Corona virus in Lauderdale. It’s been real y’all boys and boyettes.
24,600 people have caught the Corona virus. Of those 496 people have died. That means 2% of those those who catch it die. It’s not. Clear if those people are elderly or if they have any other underlying medical conditions. Doesn’t seem like there’s huge reasons to panic?
 home from Miami I've had a constant headache and I've been coughing. Wish me a good recovery from the Corona Virus
15 hijos de AMERICAN PHAROAH nominados a la triple corona en USA American Butterfly American Code American Theorem Café Pharoah Clepat (hembra) Cool Runnings Danon Pharaoh Express Pharoah Fifty Grand Ima Pharoah Monarch of Egypt Nile River Pharoah Cat Prince of Pharoahs Royal Act
hi choice!i hope you're all doing well. we're already in the 2nd month of 2020.i hope we'll be fine. there's been the rising corona virus so please take care always. wash your hands properly and always bring hand sanitizer/alcohol. wear masks too! prevention is better than cure+
The corona virus symptoms are like flue like symptoms and they include fever, coughing, sneezing, headache sore throat and the most dangerous which is respiratory impairment causing shortness of breath and pneumonia, people should wear musks at airports.Hand hygiene is key.
Just got released today from the Corona virus quarantine in Bots.
what are u getting this year? aries- nothing leo- pregnant cancer- everything you want pisces- £10 scorpio- punched taurus- plastic surgery sagittarius- married gemini- a broken heart virgo- acne libra- a puppy capricorn- std aquarius- corona virus
Watching Star Wars gives you corona virus.  …
Me after the news about the cancellation of the concert : sht i hate yg i hate oneproduction i hate corona virus i hate winner i hate everyone i need time to heal this broken heart im emotionally unstable dont touch me WINNER: *whisper* full album— Me: WINNER MY SONS I LOVE YOU 
Yuh bulling unprotected plenty but putting mask on for Corona Virus. Okay
The hospital will be run by the military, it has bars on all the windows and door handles on only the outside, so the patients can’t get out. And now we’re putting our corona virus cases in the hands of the military, too. Both Travis AFB, and Ft. Carson have special #CBRN 
If Corona virus get into China’s concentration camps in East Turkistan, it will creat mass killings in one go. This would be intentional bio warfare. World must take prevention action before it is too late! 
Don't fall for the hype with the Corona virus and everybody's dying and we're going to get locked up in prisons and stuff No we're #WINNINGWINNINGWINNING #Trusttheplan Keep your negative fear-based crap off my page thank you very much everybody that wants to do that
The impact Mac had is amazing 
me heading to meek mill to throw the corona virus into his house 
Your Corona is safe from coronaviruses so there's no need to add disinfectant. @WSJheard explains how brands are issuing some unusual clarifications to consumers. #WSJWhatsNow  
#coronavirus is too Dangerous!! Virus is spreading all around the world watch this: How Chinese operating elevator ! #coronaviruschina #Corona #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavius 
aight fuck it 1 rt and ill end the corona virus
Bruh I wish it was trump gone instead
WW3 Australia Bushfire Indonesia Flood Corona Virus Kobe dies Brexit actually happens Meg and G-Eazy whole thing NOW Nicki and Meek going neck a neck on Beyoncé’s Twitter I- 
Being Asian During The Corona Virus Outbreak 
I'm sick of all the horrible news in politics lately so change of subject, what's going on with Corona virus?
people who keep making racist jokes about corona virus, your asian food privileges are revoked. you want pho? too bad. ramen? nope. fuck it, panda express? you can’t have that shit either. have fun with your spray cheese and casseroles.
what are u getting this year? aries- nothing leo- corona virus cancer- a stone pisces- poop scorpio- a slap in the face taurus- your mouth shut sagittarius- a gun gemini- a broken heart virgo- acne libra- a frog capricorn- std aquarius- everything you want
INCASE YOU MISSED IT: BOTSWANA IS CORONA FREE Healthy ministry says results came back negative. #CoronaVirus #Botswana 
Interesting to see how quickly China is changing to online work (working from home wasn't normal yet), online schooling (schools changed in 2 days to online teaching) and even online work-outs. The corona virus outbreak is terrible but might lead to changes in Chinese lifestyles.
Twitter Successfully Bullied into Deplatforming Zero Hedge Paul Joseph Watson - Zero Hedge Banned By Twitter For Questioning Corona...  via @YouTube
Have small patience. At least wait for them to finish dealing with the Corona Virus. Of course, I am  with this accumulation of debt.  …
Guy that got a flight grounded after telling all the passengers he was infected with corona.  …
PLT thinks their audience are still tweeting about chineses and pink gin, no sweety theyve moved on to transphobia, eugenics and corona virus themed racism now  …
If I get the coronavirus I hope I get Lyme disease as well. Can’t have a corona with out a lime.
Listen to this 'view with @crowdfluence1. We talked about some cool brands she is working with including: Corona Games @CoinFlipATM #Crypto #Blockchain #TUSC #Bitcoin  …
corona virus stigma needs to end cuz its affecting my fathers business and we not even chinese
Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, etc. All laboratories on the internet When something goes “viral” on Twitter, for example, it’s because Twitter’s Masters accidentally or “accidentally” let out Corona so to speak When it covers internet & beyond..well "accidents happen!
A South African student trapped in the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the corona virus outbreak is appealing for help. Kamohelo Taole is a student at Hubei University in Wuhan. He is appealing to the South African government to intervene. #sabcnews
if i get the corona virus i hope i get lime disease cus you can’t have a corona without lime cuhhhmon wit me
U are correct Minister but the global healthcare risk now is the Corona virus. Lets focus & we  back to Cannabinoids. In fact i invite u to a presentation on Nanotechnology CDB for skin cancer, neurological disorders and CDB with gold nano particles. All SA technologies  …
This is an artwork I made for all doctors treating the corona virus patients. I saw this picture whilst reading an article about a week ago and It's been in my head since then. It's an image of a Chinese doctor leaving his wife; family to go treat corona virus patients in Wuhan. 
FB | @MountaineerFB adds a big fella up front as they are excited to announce the signing of offensive lineman Tanner Tomlinson out of Corona Del Mar High School.  to the #ThinAirCrew! 
My mom gave me tips to save myself from corona virus her suggestion was : "phone km use kia kro"
Corona Virus Leaked video shows building in Gulou District, Nanjing getting quarantined. Chinese authorities weld the entrance shut with people inside. 
[ig story update] ash.island: (trans) corona 
Had a dream I tweeted ‘coronavirus more like corona: buy us’ and the verified corona twitter account quote tweeted it ‘fuck off’ and got 2 million likes
#BREAKING: Tencent may have accidently leaked real data about the coronavirus outbreak (source: Taiwan News) (TRANSLATION) Confirmed cases: 154k Suspected cases: 79k Cured: 269 Deaths: 24k #coronavirus #coronavirusoutbreak #coronavirushchina #Corona #WuhanVirus 
Reports in Taiwan that the real figures of the Wuhan Corona virus are 50 times higher than the official cooked numbers the chinese government is releasing daily.
Got a better chance of getting corona virus than finding one of these  …
Breaking News: Chinese president has finally spoken on the “CORONA VIRUS” in china he said shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise dong fong ‘hong choo la’ ,Jiehang zhing cho Yanghi Xanghi...xauhn shei Huang chongle I agree with him because it’s for our own good guy’s okay
Corona will be solved if people could just stack on food & stay home for a month, but we can't. Our civilization has created this massive flywheel which momentum is impossible to control. In fact, it's often a bad idea to try gaining control of an economy.
The spread of corona-virus so far. Pic by 
I have to drive to Corona and back. If you never hear from me again you know who did this. I’d rather turn left on Ocean Park 1000 times.
S&P Futures Soar Back To All Time High On Viral "Corona Cure" Rumors | Zero Hedge Indeed, at roughly 3:40am ET, futures surged as much as 30 points, rising to 3,335 just shy of the Jan 22 all time high of 3,337.50, after the following Reuters headline  …
This newborn was diagnosed with corona 30 hours after his birth. The mother had the virus.Chinese people have faced extreme events of racism the past 2 weeks.I hope the look on her face stops you from pointing your fingers and blaming the people that are suffering. 
Kepa can go for vacation in China if he wants this winter break. Everyone knows at this rate he can't even catch the Corona Virus
MODERN DAY EUGENI...ER PHILANTHROPY. Bill 'one of these numbers close to zero' Gates foundation finance links to the Corona virus, the dress rehearsal, the virus 'solution' and how 5G fits in.  …
Press release on our state of preparedness for the Novel Corona Virus outbreak in China. Lagos has put measures in place to stop nCoV from getting into Nigeria. @jidesanwoolu @LSMOH @followlasg 
Bangladesh is corona free?  
Somebody pointed out that the number of deaths from corona is (so far) less than the deaths from an ordinary influenza. But the latter is Mediocristan, we know its distribution, high values. The corona is unknown. We do not know its extreme values.
The Corona high boys soccer program would like to congratulate Haley Halbersma on her signing to play soccer at UNLV today. We very proud of you. 
More videos of violence happening in #China due to #WuhanCoronavius At this speed, the pandemic will soon  Civil War #Corona #CoronavirusWho #coronavirus @EndGameWW3 @MeghUpdates @pokershash 
Oh how I miss Mac
DPRK strengthens efforts to prevent the spread of deadly #Corona virus. 
it’s corona tiiiiiiime 
I made Coronavirus Tracker for travellers for visa list as trying to find the information from different source was  difficult. It's data is updated everyday. You can see affected regions, stats, casualties. Share and RT for  … #Corona
Corona Virus wins ... Christian Pastor have lost faith in their God... a tiny virus has exposed them 
Yes, it’s #glycotime for #coronavirus! Interesting finding that Tamiflu (combined with HIV protease inhibitors) inhibits replication. Corona doesn’t have sialidase but hemagglutinin/esterase (HE) (from related SARS) has hydrophobic pocket where pentanyl ether could bind.  …
Column: Corona Centennial basketball coach Josh Giles has his dream team  …
Can you catch the corona virus from visiting asian porn sites?
Chinese Barbz, Arianators and Hotties helped fighting Corona Virus. We raised 32979 RMB and give it all to charity facility for buying medical supplies transporting directly to Wuhan, where the disease outbreaking. Plz help retweeting and spread this love and kindness!!  …
Divers of Maldives shows support to the people of China  the Corona virus in a unique way. thank u!  …
So here it is. Lab results(Blood Test and Roentgen). Negative - Corona but Positive - Pneumonia Aaaanndd they told me to stop smoking Yyyyoooooooooooooooooooo 
Today I requested health ministry to allay the fears  citizen about corona virus using print, TV & social media. #coronavirusindia #DrKalanithiV 
In one week, the world's stock markets lost $2.7 trillion due to China's Corona Virus outbreak. That is an astonishing amount, almost same as the GDP of the world's fifth biggest economy, India!
The death rate for Corona is 2.1% and 80% of the victim are over the age of 75/ people with diagnosed weak immune system. Do people read? Cause this fretting is basically Mass hysteria.
Corona Virus in action and spread by Some China cultural behaviour 
#Corona is not the only killer virus in this world. The Assad regime is a deadly virus  …
A cold start to Wednesday- 6am PST Temperatures: Fullerton 38° Redondo Beach 37° Burbank 37° Chino 33° Corona (without the lime) 29° Woodland Hills 36° Lancaster 21° Westlake Village 30° @FOXLA 
The donation amount from ARTISTKIM:¥ 12600. Other Chinese jaefans donated ¥ 10090.64 together with us. Total amount:¥ 22690.64. We have already donated to Leishenshan hospital（newly constructed only for patients infected by Corona virus）by China Siyuan Foundation(SYGOC) . 
Minister of Health, @JaneRuth_Aceng updates the public on #Uganda preparedness following the #Coronavirusoutbreak. To-date, Uganda does not have any confirmed or suspected case of the 2019 novel corona virus. 
Breaking News: Chinese president has finally spoken on the “CORONA VIRUS” in china he said shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise dong fong ‘hong choo la’ ,Jiehang zhing cho Yanghi Xanghi....xauhn shei Huang chongle I agree with him because it’s for our own good guy’s.
My mom drawing for my Birthday She design random human walking Slugku. They are covering their eyes and have black mask because scare of Corona virus lmao 
Man wanted a viral video so he faked having the corona virus on a plane? Unnoh nuh see seh smn wrong wid unnoh?
"we are ready for corona virus" Says a country that almost got killed by polony 
Either by some miracle our country has been spared from Corona virus or we are in for a very nasty surprise.
GOOD NEWS: Patients of corona Virus getting recovered in China. Well Done China for responding to a global threat in a short time. World must appreciate & support China. #NBC @zlj517  …
After yesterday's record braking day all the stockmarkets in the EU are again solidly up, while the UK stockmarket is down, allegedly on corona virus fears... How do they figure that out? And why would the UK be so much more skittish about the virus than the EU?
u think corona is a threat? lol the real threat is ignorance
youngjae giving the tips to prevent having corona virus is so cute please 
Hi pals. Sorry for a recent lack of all things Bosch related. I've been pooly for a few weeks with a virus (not of the Corona variety thankfully). But on the road to recovery now so normal service will resume shortly. #TeamBosch
Is there something the media in Ug is missing in the Corona virus alerts?  all Chinese in K'la are masked? - How tight is the screening at Ebb Airport & other entry points? -How is the medical fraternity prepared for the virus? @nbstv @rkabushenga @henruga @mlnangalama
Preventive measures (against corona virus) is the same with fu, so let's wear masks and wash our hands. Also it would be good if you can bring a hand sanitizer like I do. Let's stay healthy and prevent the virus together. 
mf predicted the corona virus  …
If you dare hate  to me because I am going to punch your face! How can you hate this little angle that warned you to wear mask because of the Corona Virus? @GOT7Official #GOT7 
Suspending flight to china and at the same time allowing China Southern Airline to land at JKIA?! What is the logic?Corona Virus is very deadly virus, tuwache kucheza kalongo longo na maisha ya Wakenya! tafadhali. #coronavirus
For swoo's fanmeet on sat playm has announced their prevention measures of the corona infections such as carried out quarantine service, harmless disinfectant spray, restrictions of suspected symptoms such as fever, hand sanitizer, mask, and on-site ambulance and medical staff.
B R E A K I N G NEWS ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang. I agree with him because it's for our own good...‍
he was telling us to stay safe and wear a mask every time and cover our whole face even the eyes because of corona virus 
What was the essence of suspended flights to China if we are still allowing flights from China to land at JKIA. For goodness sake was the loan meant to enslave and kill us all at once. Kenya is handling Corona Virus Casually you would think KEMRI has already developed a cure.
World stockmarkets rise sharply on news that UK researches made breakthrough in finding vaccine for Corona virus and a Chinese University found a drug to treat Corona Virus.
Are these the same  that people have taken a racist approach to the Corona virus?? 
490 dead 25000 sick and 684 cured. ~ Corona Virus update
Outstanding long analysis of the Corona virus outbreak. Grab yourself a healthy mug of bat soup and read on:  Note Google's editing of the location of the Wuhan lab on Google Maps. #coronavirus
Father can’t touch his little baby as he is infected with the Corona virus... The baby’s face tho.. 
A China Southern Airlines plane which landed at the JKIA on Wednesday morning at around 7:45AM quarantined at secluded part of the JKIA after passengers showed symptoms of the Corona Virus.None of the passengers & crew have been allowed to leave the aircraft. 
Did #GunjaKapoor get her "mentally unstable" certificate, 500 bucks & a biryani, from her master for appearing in burkha at Shaheen Bagh? Beware! These sanghi vermins are deadlier than Corona! 
INFO |  … Due to the recent corona virus epidemic, the "Journey to the Nature Republic in Manila" on 22nd Feb 2020 will be cancelled. #EXO 
Corona Virus ki entry ho gai hai Pakistan me b. Stay safe everyone #CoronaVirusPakistan
While official corona virus deaths near 500, the number of people who have reportedly recovered is racing ahead of that. Combined with reports that most deaths are older men with pre-existing conditions. Seems somewhat positive re: mortality figures  
The corona virus. An experiment gone wrong maybe?
due to corona outbreak wonder if ysl will postpone their fw show this year. if goes by prediction, it’ll held on 25 feb bc looking at their past date, feb 26, 2019 (tuesday) feb 27, 2018 (tuesday) feb 28, 2017 (tuesday 
Thanks to @AFPFactCheck for helping to bust this urban myth early: Not only is the source of the corona virus unknown, but the dead cells inside rhino horn also are incapable of keeping it alive 
Did The minister of health say Nigeria can handle corona virus...? Pls corona virus should not near Nigeria ooo biko
We Are ready for corona virus !! Says a country that was nearly wipe out by polony. 
If you still fear Corona, just call your lawyer. 
WHO says Indonesia must improve surveillance, detection and preparations at health facilities "in the event of an outbreak scenario", amid concerns the country of 270 million has not reported a single case of infection. #corona 
Stop,JUST STOP, trying to prove Islam is THE religion by saying stuff like, corona virus etc etc, this is why islam teaches 5 times wuzu while all ur muslim fellas are busy raping minors and selling them meth and doing everything immoral. Try BEING a proper muslim to prove that.
I might face a lot of heat on this but I find it upsetting that while millions are affected by Corona in China, all media cares about it how does it impact business in India. Maybe we have  robots stuck in a rut where we only think of our 'job' !
If you think that: • the EU is a dictatorship • all immigrants are scroungers/rapists • the Nazis were socialists • Brexit will be fine • Borisjohnson is looking out for YOU then the conclusion is inescapable: you are as #thick as the Hercules-Corona Borealis Great Wall.
CHINESE TV: RESEARCH TEAM AT ZHEJIANG UNIVERSITY HAS FOUND AN EFFECTIVE DRUG TO TREAT PEOPLE WITH THE NEW CORONA VIRUS
As i am having flu. My whole ofc staff is saying, corona virus spotted. Me: 
Is Ghana well equipped to deal with an outbreak of Corona Virus? Government has reportedly set aside GHS2.5 million to respond in the event of one but some citizens fear that the country is not fully ready to deal with the virus. 
they are warning this nation from Corona virus 
Fansign rule bcs of corona virus 
Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Ji fong zhing cho. Shaici. Dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle." I agree with him because it's for our own good.
I have contracted some sort of throat sickness and each night  closer to believing that I've either got corona virus or Casper the ghost is throat fucking me while sleep
Expenditure Reduction Circular due to the spread of Corona Virus 
The ending reminded me of 
Yesterday Speaker @femigbaja attended the meeting between the House Committee on Healthcare Services — chaired by Rep. Yusuf Tanko Sununu — and the @NCDCgov to get a briefing on the situation of Lassa Fever and Corona Virus. #Proactive #Measures #NationBuilding is 
China PM who told we'll translate the Quran as our own realised that the only one way to protect from the corona virus is doing 'sajdha' to Allah and went to mosque to pray, MashAllah 
who got dat corona virus? i need you to bite somebody for me
Sri Pattabhi Addressing the Media about YCP Government Negligence on Medical Facilities to Control Corona Virus - Live from NTR Bhavan, Amaravati. #APWithAmaravati #SpreadDevelopmentNotHate  …
African students shows love for China amidst the Corona virus crisis. It is a shame that our woke crowd are less in tune with globalism and tolerance towards diversity.  …
China’s Anti-Doping Authority has suspended drug testing on all athletes because of coronavirus...6 months before the Olympics begin. Not good. #Corona #Tokyo2020 #Olympics #doping @AUSOlympicTeam
I wore a mask out in public because of the corona virus going around and why were people staring and laughing at me? Wtf? The virus isn't a joke geez 
RW talking heads refuse to listen to climate science, but totally accept medical science re the corona virus. But how do they know those doctors aren't being paid by  to make millions out of a cure for the virus? Maybe it's a conspiracy to make the WHO a world govt.
If you have friends returning from China and giving you gifts, please tell them "Itna corona mujhe pyaar".
Hello @KenyaAirports are you doing thermal scanning of passengers at the airport? If not, how are potential Corona virus cases being identified?
Happy birthday to my birthday mate Cristiano Ronaldo the greatest of all time #GOAT. Personally he's better than Messi. I am happy seeing you play in my lifetime. Forget trump forget Lagos forget corona virus. This is a legend 
Pic 1 : Corona virus at first stage Pic 2 : Corona virus at last stage  …
Understanding pathophysiology of Corona - It causes cytokine storm ; which is almost like triggering viral sepsis ! One of the factors making this such a severe infection of global concern  …
Tak habis lagi ke? Lets move on. A 4 years old girl from Wuhan became the first in Malaysia to recover from corona, thanks to the doctor & nurses in a hospital in Langkawi. Rosmah's lawyer defended her illness by using google and the doctor who gave her MC is under investigation.
UNDER THE DUTERTE REGIME, THESE THRIVED, FLOURISHED, & MULTIPLIED: Violence EJKs Corruption Drugs Trolls Stupidity Fake news Corona Virus Clowns in Congress & THESE DETERIORATED, DIVIDED, & DIED: Democracy Human Rights Lives PH properties Unity Brain cells Common Sense Empathy
A Canadian national who was initially suspected for Novel Corona Virus (nCoV) in Negros Occidental was tested negative for infection of nCoV, said Dr. Grace Tan, spokesperson of the Bacolod Interagency Task Force against nCoV. | via Glazyl Masculino
Yixing’s cut from “Our Hearts Stand Together”, a charity dong dedicated to those who are fighting front line against the novel corona virus. #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ #อี้ชิง @layzhang 
If I get the corona virus I better get Lyme disease, cause you can’t have a corona with out a lime
6 ways to avoid Corona Virus: #coronavirus 1. Always wear mask 2. Stay away from crowded places 3. Wash your hands. 4. Have temperature checked regularly. 5. Never touch your face with unclean hands. 6. Vote wisely in the next elections.
alcoholic bitches be scared of the coronavirus you worried bout the wrong corona
After receiving a big boo boo over his delayed reaction on the corona virus outbreak (it took him a good one week, for Christ's sake), Dee Gong wants to make it up by banning, not any Chinese national, but the Disney movie Mulan from being shown in the Philippines. Brilliant!
Corona, Sars and many other viruses  from eating wildlife, so China and every other country must be MADE too make the ban permanent @Protect_Wldlife @_AnimalAdvocate @RobRobbEdwards @Animal_Watch @ARCrusade @Ivy_Middleton  …
The new Scopes are a massive improvement. Possibly contracting Corona is well worth it.  
Tell her you have the corona virus and the only cure is her nudes
Speaking of music when is this getting a My Corona remix?  …
mexican niggas when they find out you can’t get corona virus from drinking corona beer 
What's going in your corona-music-mix playlist for when shit really pops off? 
I am pretty convinced that we are not being told the entire truth about corona virus. #Coronavirus
Corona Update: 490+ People have died till now and more than 24,000 are affected. Belgium reported it's first case of Coronavirus as well. Good news is 907 have recovered till now, according to the different international media.
Love is just another kind of corona virus , silenced but deadly
Our grandson had 2 be tested for corona virus he is still sick but says it’s not corona virus please refocus hand washing. I won’t go into exposer risk. Yes it’s scary,yes we @TheRealCurly33 are thankful. It’s also a reminder measles are a ^^ risk w/ people refusing vaccines
who got da corona virus? i need u to bite sumbody for me
Trump said he’s going to end the corona virus. We’re fucked because he still thinks it’s transmitted by sharing a beer #SOTU
Corpses lying covered at the side of the road now....they are also putting beds in a football stadium, just days after their new hospital opened...what does all this tell you? This corona virus is now way out of control?  …
CORONA VIRUS Contagion of awakening not disease. A thread. 
If I get the corona virus, I also hope I get Lyme disease... cause you can’t have corona without lime
this valentine day, just meet the eye, no hugs, no kisses, MAY CORONA VIRUS #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber
BREAKING NEWS @PeterDutton_MP ships all Corona attempting to enter Australia to Christmas Island. 'Can't be too careful with this virus.' He told bemused journalists. Mr Dutton denied the move occurred after declining @Barnaby_Joyce's offer to quarantine it on his 
Do I think every Asian person has corona virus? no will I stand up for them when others do? na same way they’re always bystanders to black issues
Does this mean Hilbay is against helping China solve the corona virus problem? Hilbay is either acting ignorant or he’s really ignorant of the economic repercussions if China remains closed for business. The crisis affects the whole world. Helping China will help the Philippines. 
Corona is going everywhere except Africa because corona is afriad of Ebola this guy is damn funny 
CAL DOES NOT HAVE THE CORONA VIRUS BUT THESE BITCHES DO BUG
the corona viruses' genetic strand changing every time a scientist finds a cure for it 
You’re not a real New Yorker till a waiter tells you a Corona costs $9.50 and you almost choke but then try to act casual about confirming that you do indeed want to pay this price for 12 fluid ounces of beer.
Well, the virus itself seems to be targeting mostly Asians. So I’d like to turn in the Corona Virus for being racist.  …
stop making jokes about the corona virus just because the people are asian. we wont hesitate to cough in your face, let this be the first and last warning
Asians: Stop the corona virus jokes they're racist Still asians: 
Found someone dropshipping Corona Virus masks from China lmao. The ad is honestly solid.  …
DDS, STOP BULSHITTING PINOYS. If there's anyone who would have known about the novel Corona Virus, 1st, it would have been DUTERTE. HE HAS XI JINPINING ON SPEED DIAL. And the world already knew that Hubei & other China provinces were on lockdown. VIRAL DIN BA ANG KABOBOHAN?
Man, Corona virus will wipe out half the population before @isaiahrashad drops the album.
Here is Zewdu, the incident manager of the Emergency Operation Center at Ethiopian public health institute. Zewdu and his team of more than 200 HCP work 24/7 in screening passengers at point of entry for the novel Corona virus, surveillance, case management, Infection prevention 
Corona virus now spreading in Japan, where we are stationed, + 10s thousands other US Military families Stocked up on food & water for 2 weeks, might do a 2nd run out Waiting for the sign to keep kids home from school & lock my family down Please pray for us Trusting God & POTUS
Im kinda pissed off now. Got my food from the chinese store, and apparently they're supposed to close down soon because they're being suspected of "contaminating" their food. I just know this has to do with the fcking Corona virus and people being racist. C'mon man wtf...
RIP Japan. 3700 quarantined in Yokohama, Japan as Hong Kong man tested positive for Corona virus on cruise ship. 
Thought I had Corona virus but doc said it was just an STD god is good 
The cowardly @BBCSportsound & @Daily_Record dictated to by the bully James Traynor fear this man @mstewart_23 more than China spreading the corona virus in the UK 
Before the corona I watched this Netflix show about pandemics...... you could say im preparing for the worst
That corona virus not bout to catch me slipping 
Corona Virus has go be stopped two of my favorite players were just diagnosed 
If I get corona virus I hope I get Lyme disease too bc what’s a corona w out a lime
Amidst Corona Virus scare, my girls went to a crowded place to watch a play?? They really said, "fuck coronavirus, this is freedom!.. for a day!" 
Love is in the air. But so is the corona virus. Wash your hands.
I am happy to announce that I don’t have the corona virus
Playing Plague Inc so we can learn how to defeat Corona virus 
The corona virus info  not hugging, kissing or shaking hands. Some of us are happy with the concept.
if you make corona virus jokes about asian people you’re not funny ur just racist
Today after 22 years of dedicated service to the Elmhurst & Corona Communities Detective 1st Grade Bruce J. Koch is moving on to the next chapter in his life. We wish you nothing but happiness on your future endeavors, Congrats on your well deserved retirement!!  – at NYPD - 110th Precinct
isn't this corona virus new? if yes. then why do we have it on detol all this while? 
Breaking: a second case of novel corona virus has emerged in BC, a woman in her 50’s living in Vancouver Coastal health region this woman had family visiting from Wuhan, China @CKNW @GlobalBC @Fraserhealth @DixonTam @steeletalk @simisara980 @ericincredible @BenTDooley
Twitter: literally making corona virus jokes 24/7 Steve lacy: makes a corona virus joke Twitter: you piece of shit your canceled
Election security. Corona virus. ISIS resurgence. Russian and Chinese espionage. Climate change. There is still no agreement about whether intelligence officials will testify in public for worldwide threats hearings, officials tell me.
EU health ministers to meet to coordinate reaction to Corona virus. Where are you @MattHancock?
The Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang. Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle. I agree with him because it's for our own good.
I’ve checked each of these myths vs facts out. This graphic is correct. In Canada we should be concerned about #Corona not panicked! Please calm down. If you REALLY want to take action for your health, stop smoking, lose weight, exercise and get your flu shot. No mask required  …
uploaded a new corona virus video:  
this finna keep the corona out of Athens  …
I want my corona virus with a lime and salt around the rim
“Corona Cries” A chinese nurse with corona virus gives “Air Hug” and speaks emotionally with her daughter. 
Why are so many people joking around about corona virus? People are dying and it’s not funny.
I was on the plane sitting next to some like 12 year old looking kid with his mom next to him and a pretzel went down the wrong pipe so I coughed and THE KID ASKED HIS MOM TO CHANGE SEATS CUZ HE WAS "SCARED I HAD THE CORONA VIRUS". jfc I'm dead.
Will CHINA release the CORONA VIRUS into North Korea? Something to think about, KIM has been very quiet lately!
People be taking advantage of corona virus just to be RACIST ! 
“They plan, and Allah plans. Surely, Allah is the Best of planners.” Quran 8:30. I'm taking about China that used forces to kill Muslims. Now Almighty is using Corona virus against them. You can't fight religion of Allah. #coronaviruschina
Chinese killing chickens for corona 
Dr. Liang Wudong Died Treating Corona Virus In China. This Man Deserve Our Endless Respect For His Bravery. 
B R E A K I N G ! ! ! Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong'hong choo la' teng wena feng lemise Dong fong Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle. I agree with him because it's for our own good
The ppl dying from corona virus are  I’ve even seen diabetes listed as  health problem for the deceased. So pls stay tf away from me and cover your damn mouth
Yeah cause every asian in the US is born with the corona I suggest you cover your face around Asians and say it to their face so they can rock the shit out of you
So Rafa Benitez wants  back to England because his family don’t want him in China. Super League has been delayed due to Corona Virus. West Ham apparently interested. Interesting.
A government that cannot handle locusts is expected to handle CORONA VIRUS??we are all dead RIP in advance
Pigs being burnt in China to contain the spread of the corona virus. Islam prohibited the consumption of pigs over 14 centuries ago. Today's circumstances have justified Islam's stance as Divine Injunction yet many are heedless. May we be rightly guided. Ameen
Mercy started corona virus became she so selfish and wants to shine alone. We know. Infect us babe. We are your subjects. #LamboMansionTourOnYouTube
Kinda gross how YG hasn't cancelled blackpinks dome concert when he cancelled all his other bg's events BC of the Corona virus. Wbk he doesn't care about his female artists at all.
CORONA VIRUS: The government of Ghana is doing everything possible to prevent the outbreak. We are in this together. We call on all stakeholders to support - Health Minister, Kwaku Agyemang Manu. #NewsNight
You know what's more dangerous than corona virus? - Feelings
Me: Suffering flu and cough Inner me :Corona virus hai corona virus :((
Man I hope this corona virus is real. If it gotta take me out to take the rest of y’all out. Count me in. Cuz ain’t no way I been on here since 09 and y’all still ain’t figure out how to date each other and stfu. A WHOLE DECADE PLUS
Corona virus is the second most dangerous virus for India. @ANI remains the  …
In light of the outbreak of Corona Virus and the challenges we hear our zambian students are having. We as @afrishopcom have made an effort to source masks for our Zambian students in China. Masks have  a rare and  even for people with alot of 
Y’all been talkin bout that Corona virus but I bet no one ever got a virus from drinkin Busch Lattes
 flu kills 60x more people annually than Corona"  flu infects a billion people per year, Corona has only infected 19,000 so far They tried to manipulate the information but it only highlights the danger of Corona 
Frontier Airlines -150 dollars Philly to San Deigo -No bag -No Food -Fold yourself up like a card table -36 hour layover -guaranteed corona virus infection -cabin randomly depressurizes -also it’s haunted -stinky I don’t know for sure, but why else would it be priced like that?
Key facts about the Corona Virus. RETWEET FOR AWARENESS. 
Japan’s response to the Corona virus crisis should be lauded and emulated by us Filipinos.  …
Apparently people are staying away from Chinatown in London because they think they’ll catch the corona virus. What idiots! I’m looking forward to an excellent meal there tonight at my usual place.
If you were a keen student and sharp student of Dj Afro then by now you should know that the Corona virus is a biological weapon against China by a superpower to weaken it.... Sorry to the victims though... The affected and infected... Prayers up for them
A far cry from the 1990 evacuation of Indians during Gulf War I, but 'Evacuation Corona' is a story to be told ... and here it is on StratNews Global  … @MEAIndia @MOS_MEA @EOIBeijing @ParulChandraP @nitingokhale @theChinaDude @acorn
According to Chinese scientists, the Corona Virus attaches onto lung receptors that are five times more likely in Asian males:  … Also... white people are essentially immune because we have the acetylcholinase inhibitor against the virus.
“Side effects may include nausea, sore throat, stroke, corona virus, tuberculosis, and death” People in  
2020 season countdown. 10 days! Our #10 is JR infielder Anthony Walters. Wally is a Corona, CA native & attended Tustin HS. He spent his freshman year at Cal before transferring to @MtSAC_Baseball, where he was named 1st Team All-CCCBCA after hitting .374 with 10 HR & 62 RBI. – at Tony Gwynn Stadium
Hi Baby, there has been a reported case of Corona at work taiswa mu quarantine. I wont  home for the next few days until taburitswa
Imagine getting a corona virus mask from China and catching the corona virus from it.
duterte dead lier than corona virus So why are investors still fleeing the Philippines? It seems that more than the virus, businesses are getting more worried over the political climate under the Duterte  …
*B R E A K I N G ! ! !* *Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Dong fong 'hong choo* Shaici ting yang teng wena feng lemise Huang chongle.* *I agree with him because it's for our own good*
According to  Abu Ali, #Gaza Health Ministry announced that people returning to Gaza from China would be quarantined in the Algerian (military) Hospital in Absan, south #Gaza Strip b/c of Corona Virus. This is what the people of Absan thought of the idea... 
The US shouldn’t be schooling China on how to handle epidemics. • 2009 H1N1 Virus killed: 12,469 people in the US. 575,400 worldwide. • 2020 flu season in the US killed: 10,000 people and 180,000 people hospitalized • Corona Virus killed : 420 people in China. 1 abroad
Chinese man spotted all covered up in plastic to prevent himself from Corona Virus. 
You know how you're not supposed to go shopping when you're hungry... Shopping when you've just spent the last 30 hours shivering in bed with a fever, a cough, a headache and unable to eat a thing is straight-up dangerous. (and yes I got the all-clear from the GP re Corona first)
First Brit to catch the corona virus beat it with Honey and a bit of whisky. That northern immune system don't mess about lad  …
a line a day keeps the corona away  …
If WHO have to develop another vaccine that can cure stupidity, you have to be the test patient. Because any intellectual development would be easily noticed since you have none. If spreading hate and divisiveness are VIRUSES that has a QUEEN, ikaw na ang may CORONA!
I don’t believe the public is getting the whole truth about the danger of the Corona Virus and the potential for a world wide pandemic that could kill untold thousands OUR GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO TAKE THIS THING SERIOUSLY PUT THE POLITICAL CRAP ASIDE AND PROTECT OUR CITIZENS
China is best equiped to deal with individual corona virus cases at the moment. Do not leave if you are there. You will be helping yourself more and not putting more people at risk by not travelling.
The sket in my school has the corona virus. 
We may all get fucked by the Corona Virus because no one in GoP gave enough of a shit to cater to any kind of quarantine measures. BUT.. At least we're safe from sedition. And that, children, is all that matters.
WTH ?!! Muslim Cleric issues Fatwa calling for Corona Virus "annihilation" of Chinese people  …
Shelley taking the subway home late one night. Despite this Corona virus, wearing a mask is nothing new for her living in South Korea. I remember the pollution in Seoul. We are so fortunate to have virtually no polloution here in Rocky Harbour. 
You do know corona virus also has infected white people right ? So decline shit from white people since they may have corona virus, y’all just want an excuse to be racist
#Thread - A glimpse of how #Kerala is fighting against Corona Virus - 1) 24x7 call-centre at state #CoronavirusOutbreak Control & Prevention Cell. Similar 24x7 call-centres across all 14 districts. Teams constitute of trained Junior Health Inspectors, doctors & others. 
With your blessings, I have just finished my Doctorate on Corona Virus disease from WhatsApp University. I'm grateful to all who provided allopathic, homeopathic, ayurvedic, jadi-booti, taabiz wala jaadu to eradicate the virus. Even government of China is now in touch with me!
What is more likely.. That a debt market hyper-bubble which has inflated a stock market hyper-bubble will bring down the world economy, or the Corona Virus will? Seems like an asinine question I know, but many are fixated on VIRUS FEAR.. So which is more likely to you?
Dr. Liang Wudong Died whileTreating Corona Virus In China. Noblest profession, hat's of to you sir. 
Fascism versus Corona Virus...fascist lies versus facts. Today example: Vice President of Italian Senate,  Fascist salute to fight Corona virus...  …
We all worried about the Corona Virus outbreak in #China, but how many of us heard about what's been happening to #Uyghur #Muslims? 
Let me see if I’ve got this right, @TwitterDE: 1.) German journalist @nhile_de tweets about German racists instrumentalizing the corona virus 2.) @TwitterDE BANS @nhile_de 3.) German twitter users rally around a hashtag to #unbanNhi 4.) @TwitterDE BANS HER  …
SHOUT OUT TO THE LADY ON THE FLIGHT YESTERDAY IN THE BUILDERS DUST MASK TO PROTECT FROM CORONA VIRUS
We thought it'd be better to be safe than sorry #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronaviruschina #Corona #Oswalds #citycentre .  
Scientists all over the world: Let's find cure for Novel Corona Virus. Scientists in Kelantan: Hold my budu while... p.s Using the term "scientists" loosely...  …
profiting the corona i see 
Given that the government has been accused of cremating bodies to prevent spread (and hide the real death count), you would think that they  up with a better name than "Fire God Mountain" for their Corona Virus hospital.
Catch corona before corona catches you
With the outbreak of Corona virus it has  much harder for people to access basic amenities and masks to use to reduce the risk of catching it. We will be donating and delivering masks for free to Zambian students studying in China To get a mask or donate download Afrishop 
It means Emperor Corona is really worrying abt the fall of the New Evil Empire. If weaponized #coronavirus, stolen from thebioweapon lab, accidentally leaked from Wuhan P4 virus lab, covered up 4 35 days, infecting & killing so many were confirmed, we would see uprising  …
A number of Nashville-area schools closed because of flu. Not corona... not swine... not avian... nor any other prior “global pandemic”— But this never happened (to the best of my memory) in the 70s. Are we actually DE-evolving, and our immune systems growing weaker?
Please do not make fun of Corona Virus, what if it is in Pakistan and our families are suffering from it. At least pray for them instead of cheap humor :/
So, while we're riveted to Brexit, it seems we're also exhibiting Olympic gold medal level  around the corona virus. Incredible story of a  back from Shanghai and failing to find anyone at Gatwick interested in his medical form.  …
Corona virus is the second most dangerous virus for India. @ANI remains the first.
Corona Virus works hard but @nikkagcncllo works harder avail namo makig meet up rani siyas 
I’d rather catch the corona virus than wear a pair of Alexander McQueens
Thailand cures a Corona virus patient in 47 hours with a cocktail of Anti HIV drugs. That may  a cure.
Using the corona virus to create, spread rumors, inciting separatism, destroy national unity, inciting subversion, or overthrow the socialist system, maximum penalty 15 years according to CL Article 103(2),105(2) 
based on what happened during the senate hearing on the corona virus, nothing seem to have happened during Duterte’s “emergency meeting” on it that happened before the senate hearing. nothing was achieved during the emergency meeting.
Corona donates 1.2 million to the united states department of health and human resources asking them to change the corona virus to the bud light virus
Army Update from Quarantine Facility at Manesar: All 5 individuals who were isolated since they were showing symptoms of cough and cold have tested *NEGATIVE* for Corona Virus. #coronavirusindia
Kanji District #ThalapathyVijay Fans Fixed CCTV cameras at nanganallur school & Provided Mask For #Corona Awareness #Master 
THE THIRD CORONA BOOK OF HORROR STORIESis now being stocked by larger branches of @Waterstones in the UK. Spotted here "in the wild" at the wonderful 
Important public service broadcast from @xandvt and @DoctorChrisVT about #CoronaVirus, including reasons to stay calm - and the new #HighElbow Corona Virus Handshake  
BSE Sensex 40,789.38 +917.07 +2.30% This, despite the shadow of the corona virus...  …
Turkey has sent medical aid to China and told the world that Islam does not respond to evil with evil . This is beauty of Islam #Corona #coronaviruschina 
Corona virus current situation... 
I heard that cocaine kills the corona virus 
Engineering student suspected of Corona virus endangers the lives of so many people in Pakistan ... 
Corona virus jokes aren’t funny. Being racist isn’t funny!
Friends, with your best wishes & blessings, just finished my Post Doctorate on Corona Virus disease from WhatsApp University. I'm grateful to all who provided allopathic, homeopathic, ayurvedic, taabiz wala jaadu to eradicate the virus. Govt of China is now in touch with me.
I see with disgust in yesterdays papers that the Chinese have got it into their heads that animals are carrying the corona virus so they have started throwing pets from the top of high buildings. If they are not boiling them alive to eat they're finding other ways to hurt them.
Corona Virus Update in #Iran Worries over state not specifying conclusion of earlier reported cases being carried by foreigners. Social media suggest flights to #China have not been restricted... #Tehran doesn't want people not showing up for it's annual program  
Dear @airindiain kindly deport all creepy Tittok users to China, let us see who is more dangerous between “Corona virus” and “Tiktok virus”. Thank you
how blackpink be performing at their dome concert, wearing a mask, since yg misogyny *ss refused to cancel their concert despite the corona virus: #KillThisLove @ygofficialblink #BestMusicVideo 
We apologise to all 284 students who received an email confirming their Study Abroad placement at Wuhan University. This was an admin error by our Corona Crisis Team.
"This only the tip of the ice cream." - Titi Sotto on the conspiracy theory that US and Britain could be behind the spread of Corona virus in China ...  …
No matter if it’s the corona virus or regular flu, viruses can kill people, and it’s near impossible to kill a virus with medication. Your own body is the best form of defense so keep your immune system strong and don’t underestimate the power of raw garlic. Stay safe and clean 
I ain't no scientist but I think I just cured the corona virus 
Corona Virus is an anagram of Carnivorous. Which it actually is.
HOW FILIPINOS FIGHT BACK AGAINST CORONA VIRUS 
Apart from Bongs, everyone else needs to take precaution against #CoronaVirusOutbreak Since childhood, we have been made 'Corona' immune . Eta Corona Ota Corona Birokto Corona Bandrami Corona Jhogra Corona Maramari Corona Dustumi Corona and so on.... (Via #whatsappuniversity)
According to a report on Aljazeera, the Chinese government is appealing for external assistance to deal with Corona Virus. This to me means the situation is more serious than initially reported!
THE. CORONA. VIRUS. IS. NOT. A. REASON. TO. BE. RACIST. #corona #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
At this point I don’t even care,  and get me big man If I die, I die
Let them try bazobona ikhinqi le Corona virus, Zuma is us and we are Zuma. Amandla!!! #ZumaTrial 
Lol People quarantined for Corona virus checks are concerned about cockroaches, and bad internet. First world problems.  …
Follow these steps to stop Corona Virus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Corona 
Makacancel daw yung jhs week dahil sa corona virus tas mag reregular classes nalang instead? Di ko gets yung point i literally see no difference. Regular classes won't lower our chances of getting the virus lmao
Rakhi Sawant heads to China to kill Corona virus. She said she'll  back without finishing it off.
#Baricitinib as potential treatment for #coronavirus #2019nCoV  … via @TheLancet #CoronavirusOutbreak #corona 
#CureCancer_By_TrueWorship #WorldCancerDay Can terrible diseases like cancer and corona virus be cured by real Devotion.? Presently, who is that cult and saint who is making human life successful and happy by imparting real Devotion to the whole world. Do give your experience
Due to the corona virus, Eunjung’s Valentine’s tour is now limited to Japanese fans who reside in Japan  …
On my way to Kerala Pls pray for me friends #Corona 
First Macedonian admitted to hospital due to corona like symptoms.  …
You went and dug out Chinese is this corona virus 
dp:  corona? ah yes guys please be careful.
200204 | Hunan Youth League Weibo Update with BOSS Lay Zhang : Our boss asked the youths to stand together to fight the Corona virus, and also thanks all the medics who work at the forefront #LayZhang #张艺兴 @layzhang 
Please take a look at the heartbreaking pictures below from the Wuhan hospital in China. This is why our #Ethiopian government must take the corona virus VERY SERIOUS 
The corona virus has mutated into the moron-a virus with @sotto_tito as Patient  …
The Only Person Who Can Defeat Corona Virus 
Unleash your inner Corona
Coronavirus is not new virus rather name of a family of viruses and the one causing the pandemic is "novel Corona"
Cabinet noted that in order to strengthen the 2019 – Novel Corona Virus outbreak, @GovUganda will leverage on the existing Public Health Infrastructure that has previously controlled Ebola. SEE MORE  #UGCabinetDecisions Cc @UgandaMediaCent
Kim Jae-joong postponed a concert in Thailand due to concerns over Corona infection...Netizens "Good Decision"  
U still scared of Corona? 
According to the Opposition: Earthquake in Mindanao - retribution and karma for voting Duterte. Minor glitches during SEA games - Duterte govt  But were quiet after SEA games was declared a success. Taal eruption - Duterte’s fault. Corona virus - Duterte’s fault.
Wuhan students were all kept in the same room despite knowing that Corona is highly infectious and one Infected can spread it to others even when there are no symptoms yet. Ye sab gadhe hain iss desh mein uppar se neeche tak. Shabash @drharshvardhan @adgpi  …
2) People are busy about Rohit Sharma, Corona Virus, Cabinet expansion in KA, AP's 3 capitals, Rajinikanth shooting with Bear Grylls, memes about Kumaraswamy,  tax slabs.. I have met 100s of people over the past weeks, and not a single conversation was about Shaheen Bagh!
Chinese people eats Bats, Live Octopus, Insects, etc. Le Corona Virus - 
The Corona Virus has killed they “say” around 200 people - The Flu kills between 11.000 and 61.000 people ANNUALLY - Get a fucking grip !!
The reason why I was against  back before proper arrangements were in place. Chinese Govt provided better facilities by all means as we cannot even control Dengue, so how can we take care of corona? We are a bunch of emotional fools and unrealistic lot, nothing else!  …
Health Emergency Coordination Committee (HECC) meets with Multi-Agency Coordination partners to discuss on preparedness measures for novel corona virus today. 
A Father can not meet with his baby, because he is infected with corona virus :(( please keep the affected people in your #Prayer. The world needs  together now #coronaviruschina 
Look at the way ug doctors screened m7 of corona virus , no glooves , no musks , just humbled to see him , ooh uganda , may GOD,....... 
Corona: What am I doing here? 
Corona festival in March Cape Town people
Corona time
With the way Nigerians are behaving, The first person to catch that Corona virus don blow ooh! 
if i get the coronavirus i hope i get lyme disease cause u can’t have a corona without the lime babyyyyyyyy
Women are like the Corona virus to me: I'll probably never get it, and if I did, it would just try to kill me.
“If I get the coronavirus I hope I get Lyme disease bc you can’t have a corona without the lime”
My girlfriend was having fever and breathing problems for the past few days, I was afraid that she had Corona virus. . But I thank God it's just AIDS.  …
Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) advice for the public: #MythBusters #Coronavirus How can i protect myself and others from getting infected by corona virus? Courtsey - 
Corona virus is not the only thing that will destroy Kerala. Industry investment and employment will  dry up because of  tantrums being heroically sponsored by the government. Even in the Middle East Filipinos are slowly replacing Keralites.
#CureCancer_By_TrueWorship Cancer and corona virus can only be cured by true devotion And not from anyone. And true devotion only saint rampal ji maharaj is giving. in this world. For more information, watch Satsang by JagatGuru Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj on Sadhna tv 07:30 pm 
At least Corona virus doesn’t discriminate between Hindus and Muslims.
Second death from #Corona virus outside of #China- a 39 years old male from #HongKong.
How to get an editorial in a major newspaper: Blame Iowa troubles on corona virus, call it streptocaucus
In Kerala, an MBBS student, just returned from China, has tested positive for Corona Virus. She has refused treatment and wants to pray to god for a cure instead.
This is the situation and conditions of Indonesian citizens who had just returned from Wuhan/ Chinese in their quarantine at Indonesia military base in Natuna Island. Video 1 : #Corona 
hellooooo Corona!! it’s been brought to my attention that there isn’t a Varian gc. so REPLY to this tweet with an emoji to join a VARIAN STAN GROUP CHAT application requirements: -stan Varian -don’t be a jerk face -preferably be caught up on the show OR be okay with spoilers
This is UCSF’s official statement on the two Corona virus patients they are treating.  
#CureCancer_By_TrueWorship Disease like AIDS or cancer is cured by pure devotion. However, satbhakti is necessary to avoid the corona virus. Lord kabir, saint Rampal ji To know more, watch Sadhna tv 07:30 pm (IST). 
#CureCancer_By_TrueWorship We do not do true devotion, that is why we have to face terrible diseases. Be it corona virus or cancer and the only way to avoid all this is the true devotion of Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj. Must watch this video 
WHO cautions people in the use of masks in light of the Corona Virus ARD outbreak. Says people using masks who are not sick tend to have a false sense of health security, they tend to wash their hands less. WHO reiterates, use mask if you are sick.
Corona virus strain  of HIV. That  natural and not man made at all:  …
We’re live on @princeton ‘s campus tonight. Initially 100 + students self isolated after returning to campus from mainland China now less than 20 are self isolating after health officials have cleared them. NO STUDENTS HAVE SIGNS OF SYMPTOMS of Wuhan corona virus 
To those who are saying, don't worry about the risk of corona virus outbreak in Nepal will do well to read this - and grasp how vulnerable we Nepalis are. Better to err on the side of caution than pretend it is all okay. It is NOT okay  …
AIDS found in Congo Nipah found in Malaysia Corona found in China Ebola found in Africa Dengue found in Hongkong In India, crores of people gather for Hindu festival like puri Jagannath Jatra, Crores of people take holy dip in Kumbhamela But not even a single virus found in India
#CureCancer_By_TrueWorship If you do true devotion by staying modest, according to Sant Rampal Ji Maharaj, then cancer or corona virus can all be cured. Because Rampal Ji sahib is  God. Really Supreme God RampalJi Saheb 
Most dangerous viruses in the world AIDS found in Congo Nipah found in Malaysia Corona found in China Ebola found in Africa Dengue found in HongKong In #India, found #Secularism which is special Virus which Makes fool to people. Mainly observed in #Hindus #TuesdayThoughts
I hear we have no diagnostic capacity to test suspected Corona cases - so what kind of support were we offering the Chinese? This country, Ma1. Won’t be surprised kuti pane varikutorapwa Corona yacho kumapostori ne maprofits 
Here’s an inside look at a hospital in China, treating for Corona. People are dying and this seems much more serious than the WHO is letting on... #coronavirus #spreading #China 
BTW , it is now more than two weeks that our PM is in our Country ! Why no Globe trotting ? Oh yeh ! Corona Virus ?
Biden’s corona virus plan is to focus on making SJWs happy by ignoring the time-tested science of epidemiology. Americans have no desire to die for political correctness.  …
#breaking #CoronaVirus Reuters reporting that TVB news says man dies of Corona Virus in #HongKong - marking its first fatality.
#coronaviruschina No Meat No Corona Virus A developed country is not the one that has developed in science! The developed country is the one who has developed the values. Request from all countries, including China, to renounce meat! - 
After every crisis, well-meaning people want to help. In #China, sub-standard masks and other donated gear risks diverting #RedCross effort from people most in need, says IFRC Secretary General Jagan Chapagain  #coronavirus #Corona 
The stigmatization is real& violent. Aide told me that her corona-infected cousin was so worried abt diagnosis going public that he thought abt not informing relatives.This is dangerous Bc it could drive reports of virus underground,which is worst   …
why was I at Flushing Meadows Corona Park? To deliver a clue to Alex Trebek on Jeopardy! you can watch my clue appearance Wednesday at 7 on @ABC7NY #jeopardy #abc7  …
To those who have nothing but hatred in their hearts and use the Corona Virus as an excuse for xenophobic statements, have yourself checked to see if you are still human.
"Cha Junho(X1), Junho-ya be careful of the corona virus" SDGSHSNSL THIS JOURNALIST IS A CHARANGDAN CONFIRMED!!! 
The origin of corona 
Do you think Corona virus hurts already teetering Russia more than It hurts it Chinese lifeline due oil prices and other current pressures?
NEW VIDEO! Corona update: Not my favorite topic but has tremendous implications for macro so still want to cover! Coronavirus Nightmare MUCH WORSE Than They're Telling YOU!  via @YouTube
“Corona Virus Meltdown” watch the full video here  
Asked my mom what if I have Corona Virus she said "drink some ginger ale and lay down" Happy Black History Month yall.
Quranvirus is more dangerous then Corona Virus. Pak instead of evacuating students in Wuhan tells “Zindagi aur maut Allah ke hath mein”leave them on their own destiny. Now a small kid died in Shaheen bagh protest “Allah ki bachi thee Allah ne bola  …
We have 2 unconfirmed cases of Corona in Western Mass. one case in Springfield and one case at UMass
Hello Kitty protecting herself from the Corona virus-  …
Will a mask still protect me from corona if I cut a little slit in it for my juul?
Like I said, I am not buying anything "made in China" Some imports arrive in 3 days and there are always tuffies among those viruses that can last longer. Imagine buying a $5K macbook pro and it is blowing corona to your face from the moment you fire it up  …
Cant get corona virus if I can’t see it 
Ready to transmit !!! Just wait until contracting @pwizart @Aditya_Azka02 @rekjezt #Android #iphone #icon #icons #iconset #iconpack #corona 
Time to roll out of bed and face that corona virus like a college student. Good day!
Set awon Corona fucks with DAVIDO & Chris Brown's BLOW MY MIND the best Nigerian x American collaboration ever 
Weed Kills Corona Virus. Scientists are shocked to discover that Weed Kills Corona Virus. #coronaviruse 
20 million £££ of our hard earned taxpayers money has been *donated* to develop a Corona virus vaccine. We are funding private businesses to develop a product they will make billions from. #Corruption this is so  …
Has anyone out there caught the Budweiser virus? I mean the Corona virus?
Every time someone gets a Virus a Corona gets its lime.
Currently IZONE is planning to give fans their thoughts on  and catch up on the recent events. Since the corona virus is a huge concern for everyone, they're considering vlives and seeing how things play out. 
Dan got barred from the Chinese opposite Jaks on Friday night cause he went in there hammered and asked them if they had any dishes that don’t have corona virus
The Chinese people should reflect on why there are disasters in their countries such as the Corona Virus, bird flu, earthquakes, fires and other disasters. Contemplate, how their relationship with God so far 
Creepy "Simpsons" Video emerges & many believe the episode in question predicted the Corona Virus... Any Thoughts? #LovelytiTv #Lovelytea #Lovelyti2002 #coronavrius 
They are calling anyone who says the Wu Flu is lab made is a “conspiracy theorist”! Add it to the list; 1. JFK 2. 9/11 3. Conspiracy of Silence 4. Epstein Blackmail Ring 5. GMO Food 6. Vaccines 7. PizzaGate 8. GLOBAL Warming 9. Central Banking 10. Corona Virus is lab made
Listening to stories on the radio of Chinese heritage kids in the UK being subjected to racism because of the corona virus. Same happening in the US, see story below. 2019 and we still get pig ignorant racism like this? Squash it out if you see it.  …
Sinophobia? 93.6% of Hong Kong's population consists of ethnic Chinese. Amid the novel corona virus scare, closing one's border or restricting the mainland Chinese to/from is not an issue of sinophobia, rather, taking precautionary measures to stop the spread of the disease.  …
I’ve been ready for that Corona virus 
I’m not gonna sit here and act like I knew that the term corona virus existed before this outbreak... I did not know that shit.
‘Corona virus’ searches last 7 days & last 30. Hysteria peaked, continue normal programming. 
With China’s real economy practically shut down, they don’t know how to trade or position themselves. #Corona  …
“Don’t worry it’s not Corona” That moment when you cough at WHO #coronavirus presser 
Trust, probably the real reason why corona virus exist  
So China built a 1000 bed hospital in 10 days to fight the Corona Virus ... but in developing countries that need health care they build railways ... but hey. What do I know. I'm sure the railways are nice.
With corona virus on the streets, this is what they’re doing ??
As I said They Scrubbed all corona Videos on The TUBE. Now try typing anything virus related in. I see Bp earthwatchs vids are missing maybe he got the memo
These trampy ass games have to stop  up with something else the corona virus is very local #LoveIsland 
Okay so finally problem solved Mera account Ka Corona theek hogya
Has a mask on for protection from corona virus but touching tissue with blood of a possible victim. Why bro?  …
Retweet if you love this view not only because you love Madrid #pablo #corona 
If you get the Corona Virus make sure you find a tick so you can get the Lyme to go with it
The NYT seems desperate to discredit China's impressive success in building a functioning hospital to treat Corona virus in 10 days. Their reporter says "it appeared far  then in another tweet admits she only saw a small portion of it. 
US and SK both have only 5-6 cases of corona virus. Not all of Asia has it spreading yk
