I’ll make this as simple as I can for you. The corona virus killed those people. China could have stopped it but they chose not to. Fools like you make it easier for them to get away with it.
I taped & watched the local & national News tonight. Both were nothing but nonstop fear mongering propaganda full of lies, distortions, half truths and  lack of any balance or perspective.The conspiracy to gin fear between media & govt on this corona event is criminal.
FACT: - Unemployment in the US during corona soared past 6,6 millions per 9th of April  … - Unemployment in Indonesia during corona has reached 150.000 people per 12th of April  …
This corona shit really got me depressed
I can’t get corona.. I’ve already been sent to the gulag
I read that there are several submarine crews around the world that went to sea before the Corona crisis that don’t have a clue of what’s been going on. Because they keep information away from them to maintain morale onboard. I wonder how they will react when they find out.
We refuse to let Corona interfere with St. Mary's traditions. Students, check you mailbox tomorrow. You will find one of the many empty beer cans Public Safety confiscated from the last Natty Boh hunt. May our traditions never die.
if corona is a hoax explain this 
i wish we talked about environmental racism the same way we talk about corona  …
When she think it’s corona virus symptoms but it’s morning sickness.  …
My entire family has corona. mom dad sister grandma and nana. We did EVERYTHING to be safe but my dad works in a hospital. Im fucking pissed that IDIOTS are still hanging out with 1 or more fucking friends while im worried abt my entire family dying. Ur reckless fucking assholes.
Here is a glimpse of our 2019 LHSAA Class 3A State Championship Rings. This Corona Virus pandemic has slowed the production of our rings due to quarantine orders. Can’t wait to get back to normal, so we can work on earning another one. You’ll know when we get them. Stay safe!!!! 
HAHAHAH the blurb for my talk is on the ted website but idk when the actual ted talk is gonna be uploaded it’s supposed to take a little while to go through the tedx editors but idk when it’ll be up now bc corona 
more talk about easing restrictions or whatever. No vaccine has been found for any corona virusgovernments will need to start making decisions, says Speers. The inconsistencies make it harder to maintain the social consensus says Epstein. #Insiders
Wouldn't it be great if Trump started playing his "rally music" before the start of his Corona press briefings? Imagine Lee Greenwood's "Proud to be an American" blasting as he walks out, waving to the press God, I wish that would happen
hope corona gets my gay ass mom and dad. kids rule!
ABC now obviously starting to agitate for relaxing Corona restrictions. That is undermining the Government's authority, not to mention promoting a health catastrophe. I call that unconscionable conduct!!!!!!
My dad beat Corona Virus (Cardi voice)
Can we start a Corona Cut-Thread because this virus trying to keep Black Kings from thriving 
Corona Jihad If you want to avoid Corona. Keep a distance of 1 Meter From Humans. And 1 kilometre from Godi Media
Put this under things I never said until corona quarantine... "Gonna wear my Saturday night shorts"
BeniJANas pop-up today If you lost your job due to the corona  get free tacos If you work in the medical  get free tacos If you fwm COME GET FREE TACOS While supplies last 
Took sometime over the last few days to learn more about the Atavus @AtavusFootball Tackling system and get my level 1 certification. I’m excited to get my staff involved and incorporate this program with @EaglesNaf football team. Hopefully, #Corona won’t hold us back... 
God please heal Nigeria of Corona Virus so that the lockdown can be lifted and people can go out to work and earn money. This is getting too much
The list of things I’ve done since corona started  …
thought 2020 would be great but all we got was queer baiting and corona cba
Corona the evil you’ve done is enough 
People don't understand why I'm neutral on some things, even if #5G is harmless and has nothing to do with #Corona, I'm still against forced vaccinations and digital certificates where we can be tracked and monitored. So the details are irrelevant as the  are the same.
WashPost Claims Only Fox News Took Sides on Corona Drug #Hydroxychloroquine; Liberals Somehow 'Cautious and  …
anyone lowkey worried they have corona and no symptoms lmaoo cus i stay psyching myself out
Easter Pascal candle lit in Dalgan @9.pm in solidarity and hope in the Risen Christ during this corona virus. Happy Easter to all. 
To all Ndebele and shona gals who don’t make us noise week in week out with zim men this and that may God protect you and your family from corona virus
BREAKING: AOC Gets Caught LYING About Voting Against The Corona Corporate Bailout Bill  … WOW, MCSC Network W/ Niko House @theintercept is providing an accounting for the votes. Niko said AOC misdirected everybody... and lied. I say typical AOC.
wth is this...please get hit by corona i hate straight m3n 
why do i feel that in the aftermath of all of this there is going to be a surge in "motivational speakers" all whom claimed to have Corona and beat it by  part of some pyramid scheme or yelling in a mirror twice a day.
Worry about staying inside fam..corona bad out there rn
also, once corona clears up ima be outside most of the time cause i love hanging out and being outside
In New York this week more people died from corona virus than died on 9/11, but sure, go hangout with your friends, you’re young and healthy and that’s probably fine!!!!
Jhc mom let us out it was a tiger that got Corona 
Tune in tommorow on my IG live at 8 &+ STILL GOT ALOT OF MUSIC OTW CORONA AINT STOPHEEM 
Did Corona write this?  …
"LORD HEAR OUR PRAYER ..PAALISIN NYO NA PO SI CORONA SA MUNDO....JUST SAY A WORD AND THY WILL BE DONE..IN JESUS NAME WE PRAY...AMEN" @aldenrichards02 @mainedcm 
*NBA tweeter sees the word “travel” in a corona virus headline* 
China: We have only had 3340 deaths due to Corona virus. Also China: 200,000 body bags ordered from Taiwan. Also China: a single crematorium orders 5,000 urns. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus: China should  for their work. This dude needs to go! 
Hey guys, if I follow you and someone pops into your mentions that's an antivaxxer, or a Corona-hoaxer, or a Die-for-my-Stockser, and I dial that shit to an 11 right off the bat I sincerely apologize. To you. Not them. They suck & they're actively harming ppl right now.
solo queuing rocket league might be worse than corona
When was the last time you won the league Claude LFC: After corona
Corona killing small businesses....
This is the content we need daily during Corona-Captivity!!  …
Today would have been the last regular season game for these 5 Seniors. The Corona Virus ended the season but not the impact you had on our program. Thank you for everything you did for PHS Baseball. You will be missed. #TPW @PELHAM_AD @PHSPrincipalAW 
Maldito corona virus, I just wanna be drunk with my friends dancing around the polo fields
#Berlin #Corona #PopUpBikeLane s. It‘s still hard to believe. We‘ve been waiting almost two decades and this took hardly two weeks. 
A new option for a pin has been added. When fully funded after sale, ALL leftover funding from the “Crona vs. Corona” pin will go directly to aid NYC food banks via  . Please consider buying this pin on April 20th or May 1st 5PM EST to help feed hungry fams.  
Wen u open Twitter.. corona; wen u switch tv - corona : wen u on radio- corona : wen u open wallet - zerona ... @daddys_girlT send me Momo
I love how Greensboro athletes like one big brotherhood, no matter what sport. We support and help each other get better in each and every way. This something I realized since I been home, thanks Corona we getting better over this way!
Most genius thing about Trump is his ability to be ahead of the game. He knew fake COVID numbers would cancer in the system, so he sent military Doctors/Nurses into the front lines The lie has nowhere to go... It’s checkmate on Corona! What’s next? This is only the start!!
An NYPD friend advised me that on his tour last night he saw some sex workers on the street at about 3am in East NY. One young lady was cruising the streets in a thong and face mask. Had the ass out but trying to stay Corona free. 
Chicago: Nearly 20 residents were killed and another 50 wounded.. More Corona Related DeathsSad  …
Those who can't take even 1% criticism of Obama, here's what's meant when researchers said funding was cut into vaccine research of corona type viruses in 2010. COVID19 is structurally the same family as SARS, MERS etc. RESEARCH INTO ONE, PROVIDES INSIGHTS INTO ALL  …
I’m just going to start live tweeting the Chicago deaths from corona virus and MAYBE you guys will stay in the house and finally understand how terrible this is. As someone who’s worked trauma for years I’ve never seen death like this.
Fort Detrick Bio Lab -> Ex/Nazis -> Nato Gladio = Corona Virus. Connecting all dots 
Them kids are delivering your corona groceries fool. Shame on you.
Chale let’s forget corona Look at the Minister of Water Resources in Sudan 
if one direction had a reunion right now, the corona virus would be gone
It’s gotten to the point where I see people shake hands or hug on television and it looks foreign and frightening to me. I scream like it’s a scary movie, “no don’t! Corona!”
I'ma just have corona because I'm hitting house 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6.  …
I miss mascs. Remember mascs? Before this corona situation, my days were full of them! Mascs as far as the eye could see.
Corona should’ve started on Las Vegas, because you know, what happen in Vegas
yes it’s terrifying and it’s part of the reason i’m okay with quarantining. this is a *really* bad time to have an emergency, even if it’s not corona.
Anyone notice when you press the heart button here it looks like a little corona virus briefly before it turns into a red heart?
We are all in this together, every single one of us. This is very much a team effort and we need to remember that when interacting with others. Defend yourself, if necessary, but the first actions should kindness to your fellow humans. #Corona #COVIDー19 #coronavirus
just found out I missed my MATH EXAM BC I FORGOT THE DEADLINE AHAHAHAHA THANKS CORONA THERES A REASON I DIDNT REGISTER FOR ONLINE CLASSES
The girls just aren’t doing it like Spelman. Corona gave us lemons, we made lemonade. Today’s virtual Founders Day festivities were beautiful
I just wanna drink at the beach & play volleyball I HATE THIS CORONA VIRUS
This still our year Fuck Corona XX out now 
Me trying to jump pass this corona stuff and get back into the real world 
Katghora of Chhattisgarh presents a second lot of 7 #Corona+ within 2 days ! all related to earlier Tabligi Jamati patients undergoing treatment at AIIMS-Raipur. these 7 are being shifted to AIIMS.  
Do you know how difficult Is to NOT hug a guy like @ThisGuyFoca when I see him at the grocery store?! If you know him I bet you do. Decked out in #BergenCatholic gear. Ugh, broke my dang heart but we stayed strong and made it through. I hate you corona.
Stay Corona Free Face Mask  in baby sizes also |  
Great vid from @FatEmperor: Crush your Corona vulnerability in days - even HOURS - with a low carb, high fat, whole food diet. Plus: Leptin as an inexpensive, valuable marker of metabolic health - and Corona susceptibility! #CoronaVirusCanada 
DR Congo is suffering from measles, corona virus and Ebola simultaneously.. sometimes we need to look outside to appreciate what we got inside.
Scientists at CDC estimated Corona virus R0 to be 5.7. That is, a single person infected with COVID-19 will on average infect 5.7 more people. So if 95 cases at first, 95. * 5.7 = 541, which is roughly 550 cases.  …
There will simply never be a better meme. Ever. For any topic, not just #COVID19 #COVID__19 #COVIDー19 #Corona  …
This is how pakistan is handling corona patients, in a pure islamic country, some Indian muslims find pakistan as an ideal nation, then this should be applied in India? We should not spit on the same plate we are eating in !! Smell the dictatorship in this video !! 
Your daily dose of The Honey Badger Diaries is ready for you! Joshua Scigala ( @JScigala), from Berlin, is the CEO of @Vaultoro. Joshua was a goldbug even before Bitcoin, and a prepper even before corona. We talk crisis, vaccines, gold, bitcoin, and more.  …
Resonates. I had no cough and no temp above 37.8 until Day 7. Did have aches, chills, fatigue, but did not suspect corona until metallic taste in mouth and fever Day 7 onwards...  …
This is NOT a burial ground for Corona patients. And this “award-winning journalist” has been told repeatedly that it’s a photo of a potter’s field in NYC, in use since the 1800s. Yet, it’s so good. And he wishes it to be true. And THAT is all modern-day “journalism” requires.  …
Surprisingly, since the day gov't asked that we stay indoors, I have seen many more people on the streets jogging or playing football. Do we not fear Corona?
call me corona virus bc no one want me
Corona is not on Easter break. Pastors and my people stay at home. Governors dont be used by the devil biko. Ejoor dont break the sit at home order don Allah. Oga Coro is not on break please. We shall  is profitable to direct. - Senator Dino MELAYE
There’s gonna be a corona mafia like the PayPal mafia Just gotta spot them early  other alumni of crucible situations don’t have brand-name status? I guess there’s also the traitorous eight.
One of my favorite labor economists is doing research into work-life balance in the time of corona. Click through to take her survey and share your experiences.  …
Of course by now we all know it´s a mental attack on the american people, oriented to blaming Trump for everything Corona, crippling the Economy and then blaming Trump for everything again.
if corona doesn’t kill me, overthinking will
#Gaza, the blockade and #Covid19 What is the possible scenarios? The 3rd episode of "Palestine Box" program, Via the @ShehabAgencyEn. #IsraeliCrimes #Corona  …
No boys holiday this year :( Fuck corona 
Please wake tf up and stay indoors y’all. Ik some might say corona is getting annoying but these healthcare workers don’t even get that courtesy.  …
Can’t lose the division if you catch corona 
An anti vaxxer girl I went to college with posted that we should  exposed to the Corona virus so we can build up an immunity to it. Yeah, not sure I wanna take medical advice from a girl who once got so drunk that she ran down the halls screaming “suck me hard, bitches!”
The amount of nasty ass sex that’s gonna take place after corona
Thinks low  folk who buy gas are going to get the Corona. Is she an MK Ultra recipient?
Corona spoil plans sigh 
Which one's crazier? The Y2K Scare or Corona Virus Pandemic? 
This corona virus so serious.. please don’t let anybody convince you otherwise
Easily the corona  …
Sending an exterminator (Trump) 2 clean out the rats nest that was growing out of control in D.C. created a rat-lash of epic proportion. An attempted coup, relentless media propaganda, hysterical entertainers, attacks on family, failed impeachment. And now? The Corona Virus!!!
Corona is making me feel lonely and I haven't felt that way in a long, long time. I've been alone for longer periods and I've had times with much less contact with friends, but I feel deeply, profoundly lonely in a way I'm not used to at all. It is not great.
Ana would have coordinated us to make the cool videos. We have made bread, cookies & the best of it. No videos. But grieving a life lost during a plague of gun violence during a plague of corona virus while grieving what you made post a mass shooting is....a lot.
My yay said she survived the Khmer Rouge and she not aboutta let some disease named corona kill her
as a Social Worker in Corona, I want to thank you for helping to feed  and for @CatalinaCruzNY leadership
When tourism is the main source of our GDP. They didn’t have to travel for the corona to travel to them.  …
If you survived 2018 hard summer, you’re immune to corona virus
CORONA started in China as VIRUS , came to Italy as Pandemic, now in Ghana as Business and Political Campaign tool
Today I was driving back home from the park, and I passed by this guy who was fully decked out in LARP knight armor with this big sword, and i just gotta say Do not LARP during corona, that is practicing super bad social distancing
I’m angry. I, like many, know the truth. We knew it then, we know it now. Jeremy Corbyn could be PM now & anybody who thinks the UK wouldn’t be better in fighting corona virus under his leadership than we are right now, is an absolute Sun/ Daily Mail reading Tool.
I knew it, another Corona crackpot illustrates a side effect of the illness  …
Not only will I not get a corona vaccine, I will also not carry around a certificate or device that exposes my private medical records, nor shall allow you to determine where I can or cannot go after this lock down is over. #FauciTheFraud
A clear capture of mt. Kilimanjaro taken from kajiado county. This view could not be captured from the same location for more than a decade due to poor visibility. That shows Corona has purified our environment. Westlands Photo courtesy 
Do you speak corona? A guide to covid-19 slang  From @1843mag
Corona kitchen. We received poblanos from a farm stand. Made Mexican stuffed peppers. 
Now that CORONA ZOMBIES has premiered on Full Moon Features, celebrate by making this tasty treat inspired by the film from  …
Peter Navarro: the perfect "corona czar" in the age of Trump - a misanthrope with zero qualifications + a brittle ego. God help us.  …
If corona was a person, mayorkun would have killed it with good music  …
Corona needs to leave Gemini, Cancer, and Virgo season ALONE.
Corona : Am I joke to you?  …
Why are blacks more effected by Corona Chan?  …
This whole corona thing is really making me want to do something chaotic with my life this summer. Maybe a fringe
The Dancehall king @shattawalegh to sign @Kanea_Official right after the Corona Virus Pandemic.. this is a great news... @shattawalegh am asking for her hand in marriage right after u sign her in to de World of SHATTA MOVEMENT. paah paah paah paah #SHATTABACONFIRM 
He is only saying he is human n free to congratulate any religion, despite anyone he belongs to. We r all humans, n Corona virus understand better than most regious fanatics.
My cousin playing golf in his Paris home Corona Style! 
Corona-Vlogs #3 
Doing a distant disco tonight at 8pm...catch me at club corona #AAdistantdisco
Whether Corona like it or not..I'm already on the #SMTeam Aaaww Daddy @shattawalegh I'm too humbled .... God bless you Daddy..The world has seen nothing  …
5 years. @BarackObama . #Corona 
The USA is inflating it’s Coronavirus death statistics in order to get federal funding. You only have to fall off a bicycle in the UK to end up in hospital diagnosed with La Corona. Are they pumping up the figures to justify the lockdown?  …
someone said, “pastors are waiting for corona to disappear so they can continue healing the sick” and i felt that...
If eno be corona like we no go dey entertain this, like by now Messi score hat-trick tsw
Put baby in Everton kit for my dad made me happy,then sat here looking at his pictures realising he’ll never see her made me sad and I’ve not stopped crying for half an hour straight, I’m dehydrated.Used to think we’d develop immortality but we can’t even develop a corona jab
Why on earth would people want to watch Ross Kemps programme about corona virus.. poorly people’s own relatives aren’t allowed near.. this isn’t news - we see the news! Unbelievable!!!
Trump and his administration's failures in handling the corona virus pandemic are documented in this reporting AS IF he can/will be held accountable. Whether Trump accepts responsibility or not is secondary. A deep dive worth reading.  …
Can’t believe that my gran who is a nurse , who has been saving lives is currently suffering from corona and just out of  but there are still people out there meeting up with their pals how fucking selfish
She is forcing papa.. Corona is going.. next month.. after that.. we dey sign her in to the world Shatta movement aswear .. Shatta movement is the only place she deserve. Paah paah paah paah
Cannabis memes in times of corona 
In Pakistan, provincial governments are fighting war against Corona pandemic at their own, with limited resources at their disposal. Chairman PPP @BBhuttoZardari speaks to @SkyNews on 
Family members in New York have told how horrible the Corona is there. Here, let’s stay put at home and pray it doesn’t get worse than this in Nigeria.
Corona when will you go Mek I sign BIG MAMA ... @kanea_official your song #Yaayi is banging in my studio right now !!!  …
My aunt beat Corona!
this was 1:14 pace out of sirena, but lost time in noki and a death in corona but still pb'd 
CORONA COUNT: 5000: The Caribbean has an approximate total of 5,250 coronavirus cases as of 5:15PM AST April 11th - a 1,337 case increase from our last count on April 7th; 254 coronavirus-related deaths have occurred in the region - 68 additional deaths recorded since April 7th 
Zaleel corona. Is waqt hum football dekh rahay hotay thay.
Data Show North German Air Quality Hasn’t Improved Since COVID-19 Restrictions In Effect. The Corona crisis has reduced car traffic, yet air quality has not improved. This suggests that the automobile’s role in air pollution has been vastly exaggerated.  
I was supposed to get married today!! But corona!!!!!! So instead imma get day drunk in my wedding dress and watch as many wedding chick flicks as humanly possible
I'm one of the CW operators for OR4STAYHOME #corona #COVID19BE #COVIDー19 #dx 
My mom has officially beat corona virus and been cleared to go back to work. I really would not have made it if we had lost her I am so so grateful.
Not a corona meme 
Meet the #corona crushin’ sani slayers of DCD. These guys have worked around the clock for 3 weeks to get 7,000 gallons of sanitizer to 200 frontline organizations in MI. Could not be more grateful for the heroic work ethic these guys bring all day and all night. 
If you know any graduating seniors that wanted to take grad pics but couldn’t because they lost their jobs due to Corona, send them my way. I wanna be able to bless others. If you can prove you lost your job due to COVID-19 I will work with the budget you have.
F#CK CORONA #04 live in 15 min!! 
Tamilnadu: Total Corona Cases: 969 Out of which, #TablighiJamat attendees: 881 WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
Fuck corona #ManumaleunaWedding 
This movie “CONTAGION” was shot in 2011, but it shows everything that’s happening with the corona virus in 2020. It’s amazing. Guys you need to see this movie Contagion. Afraid would catch you 
Stronger Together. Beating Corona. 
Marley says: Corona hair don’t care. #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus 
Corona after entering my body and seeing da asthma in my bloodstream 
c/o @BDUTT @_sabanaqvi @sardesairajdeep Anti- #IndiaSupportCAA #shaheenbagh saw India held hostage, #Hindu demonised..symbols desecrated..while not word against genocidal persecution of #Hindus #Sikhs n Pak..now when world at war on #corona, Indian Islamists target Indians abroad  …
Dis my door @CouncilTrojan @KellyWalshHS #KWCares #corona 
The return of the Bodega would be a  Corona  We see you ⁦  …
Corona gotta roll I had enough of this
Please take me out for picnic after this corona over 
I tried to wake up at 6 today and I almost fucking died Corona is changing me
Chale 408 infected with corona virus in Ghana now, US started like us but now they have about half a million infected and 9,875 dead what are you doing to save yourself, family and friends ? Please stay home there’s I support stay home the numbers of death is miserably high.
"I slowly lower my N95 mask" - corona sexting.
High asf Like “corona really out here killing niggas”
After all this Corona is over we need @KoeWetzel & @ParkerMcCollum to go on tour together for the rest of the year.
It would be a good time for a certain  to kill this wife too and blame it on the corona.
Corona virus is the biggest false flag since 9/11  …
Somewhere in Ogun, Father Have Mercy, Who wan die? Nothing like Corona In Ogun State again All we're hearing is Robbery and Killing #OgunUnrest 
It’s crazy because this film was based in a town called Corona  …
Because... Corona VIRUS... is a VIRUS....!!!!!!!!! Bro I really hate it here lmfao  …
Corona or no corona, staying away from people is always a good idea.
Me rolling up to the first DIY show in a post corona world 
I really dont understand these people who went overseas during a pandemic and expect the government to bend over to get them back? You felt entitled enough to go ahead with your plans. Corona  knocking the day before #LockdownSA
first party I go to after corona, gonna be on my worst behaviour
What if this corona virus is the rapture and people dying are the saints while the sinners are here doing bop daddy challenge 
19,800 CORONA DEAD: U.S. NOW LEADS WORLD  …
my corona mask better than urs damn right 
Now that Corona Virus has made you postpone your wedding ceremony, how will you explain the pregnancy?
If this lockdown and corona nonsense hasn't made you realize how much humanity is important then you're I'm sorry, you're lost.
I was exposed to people who were working at Corona designated hospitals and quarantine centres. For the safety of my family and loved ones I got myself tested for covid 19. Alhamdulilah the test  negative. #FightCoronaTogether
i wish the corona virus started in vegas because what happens in vegas STAYS in vegas
It's interesting how Corona Virus became Covid19 in all reporting. Reminds me how the Taliban became ISIS them ISIL. The narrative has to keep evolving to keep people in a constant state of confusion, never clearly understanding what's going on. These devils are extremely cunning
Either John Cornyn doesn’t think it’s a big deal the person you know who died from corona is gone, or he’s playing politics. Morally speaking, there’s no difference in those two positions.  …
India's export of hydroxychloroquine drug to developed countries in the midst of the global epidemic of Corona seems to be going well in India's economic situation today.The United States, Sri Lanka, Israel,brazil government appreciate and thank you. 
For those of you that say Covid-19 instead of corona virus... what r u trying to prove???
Buhari has not left Aso Rock since this Corona wahala entered his inner circle. Barely hold important meetings. The man is practically in hiding. You people really elected the worst president.
I work in 4 hospitals. No patients or co-workers have died from Corona. None. But let's destroy the country and report anyone outside shooting hoops to the police. Oh, and $$for illegal aliens, Planned Parenthood and anonymous, no ID, vote by mail.  …
Nollywood has delivered new classics. Corona virus Prince and Corona virus pt. 1 
Will @jimmy_dore retract saying Bernie backing off of Med4All during Corona?  …
My mom just said this quarantine has me looking like Buckwheat and I don't know who I'm more mad at - her or corona. 
If you had to sacrifice a Serie A team to end the Corona virus pandemic... who would it be, and why exactly Inter Milan?
As we approach what is an unprecedented holiday weekend, we can’t forget those who are trapped at home with an abuser, with nowhere to go. Spread the word to help us make a corona-specific domestic violence plan a priority for decision-makers.  …
When wife is more dangerous than corona 
Remember when epidemiologists told us that if flattening the curve works & we reduce the number of deaths from corona, the response will be that we ruined the economy for nothing? Hot  along nicely already  …
Oh..I was gonna be extra for graduation anyway cause that’s just how I am Corona wasn’t stopping this Master’s degree!! 
What are your plans for “ After Corona “
CDC update: you can possibly catch the corona virus by thinking too much
seeing Mt. kenya from Westlands clearly proves to me how the environment has been polluted. Now that everyone is at home because of COVID-19, the atmosphere is clean. Initially, global warming was an issue ,maybe Corona came to reset us to factory.
Suburban Scum is the only way to stop the Corona Virus.
They gave everyone corona and are now using the virus they spread to selectively discriminate lmao  …
Nke nou Cassper a tsena ko Scorpion Kings Live at Sun Arena, Time Square e gafa blyn because Phoyisa just came on , yho Corona is definitely a woman! It doesn’t wanna see niggas having fun!
I felt like some throw back today but "CONTAGION is really freaking me out..... it's a corona fully packed movie of 2011
Prediction: Corona will have a lasting impact on education and business. Hard to imagine the world returning to exactly how it was before now  universities and individuals realize how much can be  remotely.
W.H.O. Director-General Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesu thanks Lady Gaga, a proud Satanist, for helping out during the COVID-19 CORONA VIRUS crisis. You know something is not kosher. 
Is it relevant that Trump didn't act until after the 70th day of knowing about the corona virus?  …
"I think that Corona Virus could be the catalyst for a paradigm shift" - hear @RyanSAdams share his predictions for how Covid 19 will affect finance, including the crypto 
There was a small demonstration in Berlin, Germany today to protest “Corona dictatorship” German state has taken controversial measures to stem Coronavirus including acquiring all the personal information from Deutsche Telekom 
can’t wait for corona to be over so i can get someone to relocate this jaw 
pray for my gma, she has corona
CORONA DONE ATE A SUNROOF IN THIS BITCH HEAD 
Catch @RealBlackCoffee Streaming Live for a cause tonight! You can donate to @care_corona and join the fight against COVID-19. Every amount small or large can make a huge and positive impact. #HomeBrewed #BLACKCOFFEE 
If anyone was unsure on my position about corona virus/lockdown, I’m a filthy centrist 
Thanks to singer-songwriter @kalieshorr for talking about her experience contracting COVID-19 in this week’s edition of @Variety's Corona Chronicles:  …
This is not anti terrorist operation, this is anti corona operation, 3 patient escaped from quarantine. 
Every little thing helps. Now Michael is on the hunt to buy masks to put in the bags too. We can’t donate millions however we’re doing what we can. #COVID__19 #Corona #StayHome #HelpPoorWithRespect #HomelessNeedHelpToo #COVIDー19  …
This is terrible of course but are you seriously telling me that the most impacted zip code for Covid in the US is literally called "Corona"  …
Bruh do you guys know how serious this Corona thing is?!
Once the pandemic situation eases, the Sahitya Academy award should find its way to this poet of the masses. Stopped my rona. Now determined to fight Corona  …
Hey @TwitterIndia - can u please ban this guy from being visible from India? He is claiming that India has lower #Corona testing than even Pakistan!!!  …
customers are so quick  their opinion on how we do our job because of the whole corona virus, like if you’re so worried of who’s making your drinks & food than maybe u should just stay home.
turned the iconic cardi b monologue into an artwork... i call it CORONA VIRUS 
When did Alt News start reporting facts? It even defended those spitting in others’ food by saying that those dudes didn’t have corona like it’s OK to spit into someone’s food otherwise. Alt News blows errors of its political rivals out of proportion while sparing the real liars.  …
It was nov 2016 i broke my story to help others. In january 2018 barry bennell was sentenced but over a hundred are still waiting. Why wont they allow them to have justice. CPS and POLICE are causing this and corona makes things worse. They are waiting for THERE day in court
Let’s take our minds off of Corona Virus for a minute. Join me on FB Live this Monday at 7pm EST to talk all things Mopar and more! I look forward to getting to know you all a bit better! Stay well! 
100k ppl died of Corona but none of them were Jair, Boris, or Charles 
Swedish state epidemiologist says corona deaths are measured in various ways around the world, but no one can measure as accurately as Sweden, and that's why the death toll in Sweden is so high  …
What is going on in Michigan? First banning of seeds and now this? Sounds like they have problems other than the corona virus.  …
Middle fingers up F*CK corona ! 
Over 80,000 Sign Online Petition Demanding Recall of Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer Michiganders have had it with Governor Whitmer as an Online Petition demanding her Recall have gone viral over her failure’s during the Covid-19 Corona Virus  
Giuseppe Conte isn't backing down on corona bonds 
It wouldn't, let's say, terribly surprize me if one of the Iranian executives had already envisaged the terrorist opportunities of the, in the media's 'opinion', immense impact of Corona. Don't help the Mullah regime to  that!  …
The corona crisis is crushing travel, transport, entertainment spending in US and sent groceries surging but the overall effect is now clearly DOWN! @LaurenLeatherby @dgelles  
Just wish you can catchh corona ufe nyi
kylee just said “back in 2019 B.C. (before corona)”
You really need to see Joeboy's "CALL" video. Big ups to T.G omori for a top class music video. The video actually looked like the world had almost ended because of Corona. Checkout the video here: 
"There's never been a more critical time for 2A." Yeah, right, the only thing that stops a bad virus with a corona is a good guy with a gun.  …
Dear @DrSJaishankar Sir, Please request your intervention into these open threat by powerful from Kuwait @alnassar_kw ! On the other hand as per latest news India is sending a team of doctors to Kuwait to help them to fight #Corona  … 
AntiMuslim propaganda in India about "Corona Jihad." Seriously, that's what they called it. Lol! Hell, not even ISIS said go around & do this, it was literally invented by Hindutva extremists. cc:  …
A close friend who really suffered with Covid19 in NY and is now recovering said ‘Someone told me: Corona is the virus, but capitalism is the pandemic’ the inequality has to end now, the future must value people not profit.  …
At a time when the world is preoccupied with the Corona virus, the Turkish army and its mercenaries are bombing densely populated areas in northeastern Syria and are expanding and occupying Syrian lands.
Uganda is steadily progressing as far as fighting corona virus is concerned.
With all this Corona virus you're still buying condoms instead of face masks ?
Thanos said, “you could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life the other half would thrive, but you have shown me that's impossible.” It could have as  from the Corona Virus.
I’m invincible from getting the virus because I’m covered in Christ’s blood, even though hundreds of Christians have already died from corona but clearly they weren’t devout enough
A bandanna over your face might stop #Corona but it might get you stopped by the police! One protection is another mans probable cause! #TeamDl
That corona in the background.  …
Yes sir, U are true & honest & your honesty is your strength. I know Ur all focus is poor people of Balochistan & confronting #Corona. Sir you are transcendent to trivial issues because you recording a new history of services, dedication & sacrifice. More power to  …
Stay Corona free 
CORONA’s DARKER PURPOSE: Steal or Constitutional Rights. 1st Ammend. FREE SPEECH. Political Correctness steals our freedom to speak. FREEDOM of ASSEMBLY. Social Distancing and shutting down businesses steals that freedom. FREEDOM of PRESS. Why are personal sights taken down?
Russian doctors in protective suits chasing a patient with suspected Corona virus. 
The American Patient: How Trump Is Fueling a Corona Disaster  
He's a first-order thinker. "Corona virus spreads via contact" Fauci: THEN NO CONTACT. PROBLEM SOLVED. "Shaking hands spreads COVID-19" Fauci: THEN NO SHAKING HANDS. PROBLEM SOLVED. "Doctor my arm hurts when I do this" Fauci: THEN DON'T DO THAT! #LOL
Bored at home but dont wanna get corona outside  …
“Single Source” on India (before Corona) : 
Corona i can’t handle this yelling any longer You need to leave!!
How do you declare someone corona positive without test ? Is this to boost hustles as they are residents of Daura ? Is this for the funds ? since every govt agency shakes with the mention of Daura . Answers need to be given for questions raised by Dr Aliyu's children.
In Nigeria we claim to respect God Almighty, God Almighty says respect Authority, Authorities are saying respect Corona Virus, Nigerians have refused to respect Corona Virus! Corona Virus is still respecting us Small Small! That respect won't last. May God help us. #COVID19
Ah ohemartin say joojo should be careful like what for corona tw3 koraa y3b3di ose s3n
This corona shit is really ruining everything 
RETWEET! 5G is the real silent killer, not the "Corona Virus"!!! 
Until you meet a girl who doesn't understand humor and replys "God forbid, Corona  near me and my family"
Dear Corona , Please end so we do not have online classes in the fall semester
Since the corona virus landed here. President Ramaphosa and team have shown: -Urgency -Delivered services -Admitted where they have erred -Sharing the bad news yet inspiring hope. Are they perfect? No. But we could have been in worse situation!
Some positives during Corona: - spending more time with family - learning more (courses) - working out more - spending less money - sleeping better than ever - eating better - learning who cray and who isn’t Gotta stay upbeat. What are you grateful for?
So i put my mask on They shutting us down I’m standing 6 feet away Washing my hands like yeah Keeping them clean like yeah I got my gloves on I’m staying at home Hope I’m gonna be okay Yeah, it’s Corona in the USA
Let's not forget how The GLOBALIST TOTALITARIAN Whitmer threatened overburdened health care providers with license confiscation if they prescribed Hydroxy for patients ill with Corona Virus. #RecallWhitmer @Lrihendry @SidneyPowell1  …
Pakistani authorities purposely halted trades with Afghanistan to find way and buy time to interpose explosives into something [new] that Afghanistan needs amid Corona outbreak. It is therefore very much important for us to understand every intuition of Pakistan in such cases.  …
FUCK ms. corona 
@RealBlackCoffee is live now on Facebook Check his Facebook page Issaaaa party bafethu #StayAtHomeSA @corona_care 
If you thought the Ghaziabad Police’s Anti-Corona drill was hammy, then....   …
corona isn't as bad as it was feared. but even as data  clearer, it's impossible to rollback govt lockdowns perfectly exemplifies why big govt is so dangerous
Im drinking cheeeed garri & sugar. Corona has taken everything from me.
Y’all.....this what my stepmom sent me today. When I tell you.....I’m on the verge of tears. Like. Why. Why corona. WHY CORONA!? 
Never thought there would be a day I go on twitter and see people fighting over getting FREE money... what in the corona virus is going on here
I just imagined the whole scene, Grandad on the rocking chair, with a cold drink to sip. Grandson: grandpa, what’s a lockdown Grandpa: the whole thing started when Liverpool wanted to win the treble. Chelsea said double, Athletico Madrid said single, corona said hold my beer
Anyone remember sunburns and the good kind of Corona? 
I think I will start to wash my hands when I react on some tweets here. I  and contact Corona virus via retweet
Corona is not stopping my bag
who’s the first artist/band you want to see live in concert after corona?
The corona can stop me from doing many things. Hippo mode isn’t one of them. 
Population of UP- 23.5 Cr. No. Of Tests- 10000 Population of Mumbai- 1.8 Cr No of Tests- 19000 No Tests, No Corona Patients. Yogi Rocks  …
UK Corona hotspot - ISKON temple UK people - Didn't blame  UK media- Didn't run any campaign of fake news. UK hospitals- treated d infected ppl as patients. Please Learn India.. 
Dutch gov launched a 3-day tender for 'digital solutions for Corona'. They ask for privacy preserving tracing tools. I will submit an open source bid for a scalable robust redundant backend for any apps people build, and I am looking for help:  …  …
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. Rt! 
most corona deaths USA baby greatest country in the world a shining city on a hill 
Sometimes I think about how Zardari and Sharif would have handled Corona. Would they even care about the poor?
Have you noticed since the corona virus break you’ve been remembering your dreams ?
The cure for Corona has been found 
BBC has been eliminating humour for 30 years. Imagine if we had a good Monty Python version of corona news right now. Suddenly that would break the fear and tension and allow people to think straight...they don't want that!
10 year old is washing his hands and he starts tangling his fingers... "Here is the church, And here is the steeple, Open the doors... GO HOME IT'S CORONA VIRUS!!!"
i tested negative for corona lets fucking goooo 
Most used words during Corona 1. Quarantine 2. Hydroxychloroquine 3. Norbert Elekes 4. CKMKB
What lesson do you learn from Corona Virus Pandemic??? Me: To always be ready for anything in life and to save more than I spend.
Some  will do an advert about going back to the pub post corona, backed with one of those crywank covers of The Boys Are Back In Town, and it will make you genuinely emotional but you can never admit it *it will be Carling
Show me one corona case because of that Hindu gathering .. now shut your mouth anti Nationals  …
Me: I think it’s cool that there’s a possibility that next week the Texas Governor will lift restrictions and allow businesses to decide if they want to be open or not. Randos on Twitter: I hope you get corona virus and fight for your life on a ventilator.
The northeast of Syria has a special Crisis Cell formed on March 15, including Health Body, the Internal Security Forces, medical institutions  in order to prevent the emergence of the Corona virus in the region.  …
Distributed groceries and other essentials to 135 sanitary workers who are braving their life in protecting lakhs from Corona. Salutes to them! 
Watch the latest version of Coffin dance/corona dance 
I just hope this Corona Virus situation ends soon to be honest. It’s very depressive...
The Easter corona crackdown:  down hard on social distancing dodgers by issuing more than $1MILLION in fines for breaking the rules They're out of work, now fine them and jail them. This is #POLICESTATE/ #VACCINESTATE/ #BillGatesVirus  …
this could be us but corona  …
They fail to remember Nancy was passing out impeachment pens when Trump formed the corona virus task force. Ahhhh... the sheeple.... gotta love em’
Corona who? 
Lots of gorgeous selfies floating about today so have my corona and double chin 
When Corona Pandemic ends I'll have a certificate in Sleeping and Watching.
Thank you CM Sindh @MuradAliShahPPP sahab, 50,000 #Covid_19 testing kits have arrived. This consignment is imported by Sindh Govt from Corona Relief Fund this also includes swabs & VTMs. 
Wanna go out. Wanna dress up. Wanna not worry about getting corona while getting the green green. 
Miskeen ando corona people that known how to take jokes are the best
During #Corona rescued this gaumata from Wajidpur which is hotspot area  sealed down because of corono cases found in there. Madly in love with gaumata and nandi baba, do everything needed for their welfare Help us raise funds for gaumata  
Fox had a Doctor on an hour ago that said there's no evidence that the malaria drug works on Corona. And, oh yeah, people need to stop asking their physicians for it so that the really ill patients can get it.
„ #Germany cannot emerge strong and healthy from this crisis unless our neighbors also  strong and healthy. We Germans are not only called for solidarity in #Europe - we are obliged to it!“ - Federal President #Steinmeier #Corona
Corona virus can spread between people interacting in close proximity while talking, coughing and sneezing even if those people are not exhibiting symptoms. Hence, its important wear a mask or cover your nose and mouth with cloth to prevent virus transmission. 
Even in Japan, Chinese purchases of masks are terrible. Bring everything in line early in the morning. they haven't received enough support masks from Japan. And sell it to the Japanese at a high price. It seems that Chinese virus is not only corona. 
Digital Dollars vs Privacy Coins and the Fate of Financial Security - #HedgeTrade Blog. Great article and a must read! #DAPS #dapscoin is (one of) the most promising #privacy coin out there! Prepare yourself for a post-Corona life and keep your privacy!!  …
If you have practiced in the bubble you are immune to the corona virus.
This unrest in Ogun state and Abule Egba axis is really getting out of hand! Imagine been on lockdown due to Corona virus, then being hungry cos you can't go out to hustle & again being attacked by Armed Robbers!!! #OgunUnrest
This is what I wanted to do with this year year again but corona. Honestly I’m livid. 
I am sure that Corona Virus positive patients aren’t being kept in centrally air conditioned hospitals/ facilities. Can be dangerous for others.
With US Corona virus death toll hitting 20,000 by far the largest for a population of 400m people, can only mean that the reported death toll of 3000 in China - a country of 1.5 Billion people & epicentre of the virus- is a pure Communist Fabrication and Coverup.
The @AP pimps Communist Chinese propaganda. CHINA HAS THE MOST DEATHS They are incinerating corona victims alive. Why don’t you do some real reporting?  …
BREAKING: AOC Gets Caught LYING About Voting Against The Corona Corporate Bailout Bill  #Rokfin @mcscnetwork
A shout out for Kerala health minister KK Shailaja: dignified, focused, hard working. I gather she is a ‘star’ in Kerala today. When I asked her of the success of Kerala model in fighting corona, her reply: ‘still long way to go but we planned early!’ Good luck ma’am!  …
Allow me to thank all progressive Zimbabweans and others who have donated to the need to save lives,as of today council is tarring the ambulance parking bays at the Wilkins,am also waiting to receive a sizable number of ventilators from one of the donors #beating corona in Hre 
That first night out after corona virus (I spent all day making this) 
Tommy vs. The Corona Virus! Stay safe Tommy. 
Please Miss Rona, excuse me Misses Corona. PLEASE let us out, it's getting very bad.  …
RiyaAmit Thakker wife of Amit Majithia & owner of Bollysports Casino, UAE is peddling Islamophobia and says muslims are spreading #Corona and causing harm. Kindly look into it. FYI @DubaiPoliceHQ @dubaichamber @DXBMediaOffice @gulf_news @DubaiCares @TheNationalUAE 
6. There may be more deaths due to the economic consequences of the lockdown than that caused by Corona. 7. Prices are already skyrocketing because most forms of transport are crippled.
5. Whole nation has ground to a halt because the govt wants you "saved". But they don't tell you that lakhs of Tuberculosis patients die every year and TB is more contagious than Corona. If enough media noise is made, the whole year we can have TB lockdown.
3. No Ayurveda doctor can get access to any Corona patient because it will be illegal for the patient to be treated away from the WHO protocol. 4. Saaheb is just interested in doing meaningless shows like banging plates and lighting candles rather than show real leadership.
From Town Halls to Office open campuses-in every space our Health,ICDS&Edu. Dept Field Staff are being trained for Household Survey for SARI/ILI. These Corona Warriors work hard; help them in their work by staying home&maintain social distance 
Ha! Friends coworker got Corona, not bad tho, just has to self quarentine. Apparently he's stupid and thinks that just means not being around people, so  into the office in the middle of the night to do work! Now the whole office has to shut down and be cleaned.
For those with a problem with Modi, pls check world news. It's bcoz of the mishandling of Corona situation that the virus has killed lakhs of ppl in Europe. An early travel ban, lockdown  spread stage are just some of the excellent measures this govt has taken
See how doctors checks the corona patients. 
The name corona sounds melodious while pronouncing, but it’s menace is deadly. May Allah protect us all from #Covid_19 pandemic.
The Corona Virus prophecy fulfillment is a warning to this generation that we should prepare because after The Church is taken in the Rapture, what  will make Corona Virus seem like nothing. Prepare now and avoid that time. 
Birthday in times of Corona virus. Niveer turns 10. To us, he is the whole world. May he grow up to be a wonderfully humble human being. 
"A cynic in me says Paul Pogba could have prevented corona virus, instead what does he do? Posting videos ball juggling! I must say I find that unacceptable, unacceptable behavior " Grame Souness 
During this crucial time of #COVID_19 crisis, Abhijit makes sure to say thanks to his neighbour who is a health worker. Be kind to others. Be like Abhijit. #SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayMotivation #SaturdayVibes #IndiaFightsCoronavirus #IndiaFightCorona #Corona 
Prominent TN film distributor Tiruchi Sridhar suggests that the Master film producers whenever the movie is released must give the first day collection of the movie to the . @CMOTamilNadu Corona relief funds. If done that will be a really huge contribution by . @actorvijay
Stupidity, not #corona will kill us first  …
#SindhGovt, fresh consignment of 50,000 #COVIDー19 tests have reached at Karachi. These tests have been imported by Sindh Govt from the Corona Relief Fund & includes the tests as well as Swabs & VTMs necessary for carrying out the tests. 
Corona virus is sounding a warning about the extreme judgement globally, it has exposed this generation to the fact that we are helpless we are without God. The only way is to receive Christ and His holiness. 
Yesterday a 19 yo got killed in a police-chase while violating corona-measures. Now other youngsters are having small riots in the streets where he lived.
Australia population 26M with “56 Corona deaths” That’s 0.000215 % The Corona Chart has very good stats on cases contracted by age group and deaths by age group. 50% of all deaths were aged 80+ No figures for BMI No figures for pre existing conditions No figures for diabetes 
Mock Drill to capture and quarantine Corona Terrorist. Lumber one forces will scare Corona with Guns. Criminalization of disease and militarization of response never works. It is counter productive. It costs lives. 
The LORD is using Corona Virus to sturnly warn this generation to Repent! Receive Jesus! Be born again! Prepare for the rapture and get out here. Ahead here is going to bad. #NeedForGlobalRepentance The LORD has now arisen to fight against the global satanic revival 
"We will not die of #Corona , we will die of hunger" says a migrant worker wanting to go home. Do think about it .. as you applaud the 'timely' lockdown & #lockdownextension If we stay here, we will die of hunger, say migrants in Jaipur  via @timesofindia
Class 7 pupils resume school after Corona ended in 2040. 
Survived the Nazis and Corona nigga said:  … 
Unsung heroes amid Corona pandemic. Appreciate farmworkers on the field. Appreciate the GRUELING LABOR it takes so that food gets on your tables. Appreciate the risk they are taking of possibly being exposed to and contracting this deadly disease. HEROES 
Desh main sabse jayda corona failwane wale moulana yahi deserve karta h #थूकरत्न_मौलाना_शाद
Claiming hard girl hard girl but just one ordinary kiss on your neck you start breathing like CORONA virus patient. Nonsense
homophobia is worse than corona virus
Now, #USA unfortunately  the nation with the maximum #Corona #COVID19 deaths (20000+), followed by #Italy, #Spain & #France #WorldFightsCorona #PrayersForCoronaFreeWorld
From Detty December Deadly January spending February Corona March. Now we are in lockdown April. May we not see Hungry May
Fact about kalonji preventing Corona is true but method is wrong. You have to first heat some mustard oil in a pan.Then add some saunf,jeera mustard,methi dana & then some kalonji seeds.Mix them well & after the seeds start popping,just sit on the pan. Corona will never touch you 
After Corona, we have campaigns (politics). My brother Zilitwawula, a former MAK guild contestant will be running for youth MP in Central. Keep that in your mind as we stay safe for now. I thank you 
I am Negative (Corona)  …
New York Corona victims without family were buried in a mass grave on Hart Island , whole people in SA are busy trying to break Lockdown rules over Alcohol 
Many of my friends have had their lives turned upside down by the corona virus. Each lost his job. None had the virus.
Ladies and Gentleman He is an IAS This is Corona, Pandemic Everyone should be Alert N Active, Corona won't discriminate  
there are more cases of corona virus in nyc than in any entire country in the world ... why aren’t america on lockdown this is insane.
Appeal to My Pak brothers& sisters I have my humble appeal to every brothers & sisters to please remain inside your houses . The peak period of Corona virus is at peak .Pl do not allow this deadly virus to make u its Victim - Stay Home Stay Safe Pl advise to others & loved ones
We mourn the latest death in the Corona virus crisis: The Constitution. 
Here Scott, what are you doing during this current crisis for the people in your home town? Whilst your probs sitting doing nothing the other man in your picture is currently out in Colombia handing out medicine and food supplies to those with corona virus  …
Guys do you think clothing retailers will have sales when they reopen? I need to get rid of all my BC (before corona) clothes
Look, I got through the Mike Shula era at Alabama so this Corona-mania thing is a piece of cake.
Corona Weddings 
Fuck India. Of course the Indian Doctor raped a pregnant corona virus victim. What else can we expect??? 
How drunkards are looking at those sober fools arguing about two colored drinks (Pepsi & coke) that can't kill corona 
I thought Bill Maher was trending because he got the corona. Turns out he’s just being a racist dickhead. A day that ends in y. 
Hey @NPSOfficial_KE This Great wall Gardens Athi river. Guys are drinking in parking all night long blasting loud music from their cars. Apart from corona risk, they are a nuisance. You must end this chaos. @DCI_Kenya
Former Israeli PM Ehud Barak on TV saying, "what's happening right now in the long-term is more serious than the corona, and that's the government coup that's happening without us noticing."  …
We need to wake people up with our tweets for a single purpose before another disaster like corona wants. We need National unity for #ThePromisedSaviour #JesusChrist
When is today's Corona Virus presser as it is not on WH schedule? Trump can now brag about how the US is #1 in Covid-19 cases & deaths.
Fact about kalonji preventing Corona is true but method is wrong. You have to first heat some mustard oil in a pan.Then add some saunf,jeera mustard,methi dana & then some kalonji seeds.Mix them well & after the seeds start popping,just sit on the pan. Corona will never touch you 
Saved 2 more Gauvansha from slaughter in Gujarat. While whole nation is sacrificing everything to stop spread of corona, some perverts are still engaged in cattle smuggling. Feeling enraged. 
Official! Corona is shutting down A LOT of things but the Marathon MUST still continue! 
gays who call corona virus “miss rona” 
Lemon has most Vitamin C. This is how we can counter #Corona in 
I wonder every 10 minutes RBI governor is appearing onTV channels for promotion of online buying. I don’t remember any RBI Chief doing such things, in fact most of us didn’t know who is the chief of premier banking institutions earlier. Corona ke waqt cashless economy ka prachar!
People be fighting with corona virus and i with Macharssssss.
Corona virus has so far killed over 12,000 Americans, a virus trump once called "this is a new hoax"
Special message from Prime Minister @ImranKhanPTI for the Corona Relief Tiger Force Volunteers (with English subtitles). #PakistanFightsCorona 
There will be another disease like the corona virus in the future. It’s inevitable. The question is... Will your life be at risk? It doesn’t have to if you start prioritizing your health now.
I love towns that are connected to nature. It is one of the reasons why Boulder, Colorado is so special. This was two years ago today, and where I should have been now. Where would you like to be now? #nature #walking #alexnote #QuarantineLife #corona @CWABoulder 
Little moonshine action to make sure everything is Corona free today.. 
We have a big job ahead of us, after corona virus we need to unite Africa, share the same dream and move together until we make Africa great. It is possible. Through working and trading within ourselves, we can build the strongest economy world has never experienced.
So many Balloons for my super sweet sixteen? Thanks to Corona for not having a Party #furryfandom 
UCU STUDENT DEVELOPS AN APP TO FIGHT CORONA VIRUS 
A ten month old baby which was infected with the Corona virus near Mangalore has recovered and is fine. A lovely bit of news on the eve of Easter Sunday!
Left wing propagandists are busy devising scenarios to discredit Trump over the Corona virus. Better for them might be to fight the virus that infects them & causes their brains to malfunction. Viruses feed on certain foods; their virus feeds on hatred, contempt & irrationality.
Give it away today, my sweet ones. Kindness and empathy are far more contagious than this virus. And we need you. The Corona Connection 2.0 packages are being prepped, so you can send bravery and love to those who need it most! #CoronaConnection 
I have published 24 THESES ON CORONA  This is my endeavour to understand the potential we have, in this horror-story, to find some real redemption. Do read it... #coronavirus 
Today I was supposed to fly to Iceland together with @Soundwave857... Canceled due to Corona, so have some photos from last year. Dx 
Trump said that the Corona Virus is 'too brilliant' for antibiotics to work. Does he even realise that antibiotics only work with bacterial infections, not viral? The levels of stupidity continue to amaze me.
Corona hitting at the same time as seasonal allergies is a cruel joke
The longer the Corona crisis will last, the bigger the impact on how we do business. After this crisis, the world will be a different place.  … #Remote #Digital 
They’re opening businesses in Texas again this week? Sunday funday is gonna cause mass exposure to corona
The situation in America is intense. 500k odd people have the corona virus,20 000 have died. That is wild
Packed like sardines to get a bread from a truck when #Erdogan gov't declared the #Corona curfew at the 11th hour in #Turkey, prompting a panic buying in the last minute. So much for social distancing & mask wearing in 
RSS tried for 95 years to make Hindutava a way of life while Corona has made Sanitising hand and wearing mask, a way of life in just 30 days.
India offering #SanjeevaniButti in the form of #Hydroxychloroquine to Various Nations Below Pic is a Symbolic Testimonial... @narendramodi leads the Way towards Saving Human Race by offering Medicine... World offers A Big Corona NAMASTE to our PM... 
Truth and appropriateness are at such loggerheads these days that  immediately sprung into action and now those #Corona impacted linked to #TablighiJamaat are now termed as Single Source or Special Ops Corona patients.
I thank @ImranKhanPTI for putting his trust in me for making me the Focal Person on #COVID2019 It is a volunteer position & a temporary one. The goal is to raise funds for the PM Corona Fund whose AMEEN will be The PM himself Will announce a roadmap within 48 hrs
I saw a sign that said : “The church may be empty because of corona, but so was the tomb on the third day. “ 
Hotels and restaurants are using the corona virus crisis as an excuse for not paying suppliers for goods and services provided months before the pandemic. Getting so many calls. Not fair at all. Suppliers too have families to feed.
[COVID-19] "Poorly conceived one-man show" in Madhya Pradesh: Vivek Tanka urges for President's Rule in MP if Cabinet is not formed @rashtrapatibhvn @VTankha @ChouhanShivraj #Corona #COVID__19  …
This hideous woman, who takes satisfaction in the deaths of innocent men, is a consultant to the @UN & also the gender adviser to the UN Department of Political Affairs. ~The implied meaning is disrespectful to the men who died. @sanambna #feminism #Corona  
Adaobi, Obinna, Ebubechukwu na Chidike wetere ụmụ Biafra na ndị ụwa nine ozioma gbasara Easter /PANDEMIC. (Biafra children brought to Biafrans and entire world EASTER /PANDEMIC Message) As we all talking about corona virus, please don't forget Biafra Freedom. 
"Corona is the virus. Capitalism is the pandemic."⁠ Chicago, United States. 
Trump knew. He Could Have Seen What Was Coming: Behind Trump’s Failure on the Virus - The New York Times #trumpcovidfails #corona  …
someone i know has corona — and i’ve been with her within the last 2 weeks i- 
Isn't it crazy that you might have contracted Corona and healed without your knowledge?
Nightcrawler by @adelso_corona 
While the Corona puts the lives of many on the line,  Elissa with her wand of hope to throw a ravishing online festival of happiness! To multiply the fun, Haifa does her magic! This is a of love to everyone staying home. Tomorrow shall be brighter! Cheers to life!
No corona virus , no economic sanctions can stop the man from getting some kabab 
1 confirm case detected in kankinara and is admitted, but most important protocol of quarantining chain contacts was not followed by @MamataOfficial aapa, not even patient's son is quarantined.Whole bhatapara is in panic + fear. Wish WB govt takes right action #corona @BJP4Bengal
 cultural genocide with political marriages! #Uygurs wearing Han #Chinese style wedding dresses at their wedding. The world should see the crimes #CCP  #Covid19Out #Wuhan #StayHome #sokagacikma #Corona #BoycottChina #WHO 
173 challengers of corona virus 
imagine...maybe doofenschmirtz invented corona (The Coroninator), then perry kicks his ass and corona disappears by the time mr and mrs  home and they‘re like huh candace? a dangerous virus?? what are u talking about? and then everything goes back to normal..
Damn 2000 ppl died yesterday to corona virus and i still see dumbass idiots throwing/going to big ass party’s last night. Y’all some losers and fiends for going out. Putting your parents and family and at risk to get drunk smh.
People in Sindh were trying to avoid getting sick with the Corona virus but fell ill after eating expiry date rations. The Goddess Sindh government is not a small disaster in the consciousness of Corona #بلاول_کتے_دا_پتر #زرداری_خنزیر 
Actually all the game of #TablighiJamaat for spreading #corona in India is planned by @AamAadmiParty and now #KejriwalExposed ....
Dear Prime Minister/ CMs if the economy is destroyed by the lockdown, we can rebuild the economy. If people die from the Corona pandemic, they cannot be raised from the graves So Please stop opposing lockdown @ImranKhanPTI @BBhuttoZardari @MuradAliShahPPP @UsmanAKBuzdar
If we continue to treat patient with Corona as criminals, they will die before treatment, if they don't hang themselves like kumawat, their morale will be murdered forever. Please  towards the sick. #Heal_Let_Heal  …
Dance video of Pakistani Doctors with corona patients goes viral. I mean this called Humanity. Thanks frontline soliders. 
Just had an emergency meeting of my think tank, Think, Tank! with Melanie Phillips and Ian Botham, and we have put forward an emergency proposal that the Dambusters march must be playing before, during and after all daily Corona briefings from now on. @SusanHandley3
the world population after they recover from corona to just get hit by Trumps corona 2 
Before making it to recite Kalima Shahadah (declaration of the faith), these TV anchors and the ilk also need to perform circumcision on Corona. Only then he can be called a Muslim.
Students from Vidharbha, Maharashtra are stuck in Ipoh Perak, Malaysia amidst Corona Virus Crisis. They are waiting for help from the Embassy. Requesting Hon. @DrSJaishankar Ji - to help them. 
Thread: In the wake of Corona virus pandemic, please take a minute and think about this; There's no shadow You won't light up Mountain You won't climb up Coming after me There's no wall You won't kick down Lie You won't tear down Coming after me #NeedforGlobalRepentance
This is live flight map over a country where 2000 people have died in 24 hrs to Corona 
From the moment Trump was the nominee, there have been some pretty sinister and far reaching efforts to have him defamed, discredited and removed from office. The Corona Virus is real. But, so are the forces making good use of it.
Me at the first ball post-corona. 
can’t wait for jesus to appear tomorrow and be like alright corona chill then we all high five him
how to prevent spread of corona virus:  distancing in 
Hide ‘em as much as you like, we’ll dig ‘em up! Corona or No Corona, Rage Against The M̴a̴c̴h̴i̴n̴e̴ Sulai will go on. #CharaideoPolice at Work @assampolice @DGPAssamPolice @gpsinghassam @SNSinghIPS @anandmishraips 
#VERIFIED Bringing to you India's #Corona TESTS STATUS SAMPLES tested yet-1, 79,374 No. of PEOPLE tested-1,64,773 SAMPLES tested today- 17,143. 600 +ive Samples tested on FRIDAY-15663, THURS- 16,002, on WED-13143, TUES-12584 I'll keep doing the number crunching
Corona Days Switch ‘Gnarliest Heelflip’ entry by Beau Sluder Go Vote. Now playing on the @_SkateYou_ App 
I Respectfully Request @ImranKhanPTI To Cancel All Exams In Pakistan And Use Our Fees For Corona Funds, Thank You
NEW: If the strict action would have been taken on the 12 Feb when Rahul Gandhi tweeted, then today there would be 0 Corona positive cases in India: lCMR Research
Who had Kansas Supreme Court convening on zoom for their Corona bingo card?! Sidenote: I voted for Kelly as governor, and I’ll do it again! She has been rock solid with her Corona decisions!  …
Jasper just said “I’m not taking a bath for two weeks” and I was like “um yea you are” and he said “nah. Corona isn’t in the house just outside” valid point
Chloroquine is used since 1940. Saved millions of lives. Along with Malaria, Chloroquine is prescribed for auto-immune diseases Rhumetic Arthritis & Lupus (due to Cytokines-mediated hyperinflammation).  are also due to Cytokine-mediated hyper inflammation. 
About to figure out the cure to corona 
There will be no hiatus for now in Pokemon anime. I don't mind if they needed to do so.Anipoke staff and voice actors health is number 1 priority, to be safe from Corona virus.
“Due to the Corona Virus I will no longer allow hand shaking or giving hugs. You may either bow to me or give me the finger. Your choice.”
Once this corona shit is over! It’s official I’m going to El Salvador for a month!
Feinstein sends letter to Trump's administration, she wants to send more billions to Iran as if Obama 1.7 billion in cash was not enough, this time under the Corona virus excuse. The people won't see a penny of that. 
Corona is gone!!! Where is the first place you are going to?
A few sunny predictions in these gloomy days. 1. By June, India will be the first country to be freed from the clutches of this #pandemic. 2. Our #lockdown, hot weather and our higher immunity levels will see us through. #Covid_19india #Corona #COVID2019india
How many Of U Waiting For #Britto Mams #Corona Awareness Video.....? Misss ur speech da mams #Master 
One of my sisters friends just passed away from Corona leaving behind 4 children. May Allah make it easy for her family Ameen
It’s time to follow all instructions about Corona- India's response to pandemic swifter than US, Germany, South Korea, finds UK study 
chinese :corona  from china that’s was the most fuckin stupid thing i’ve ever heard lol move on from April’s fool guys #nnevvy 
WHO looks into report of Corona patients in South Korea testing positive after turning negative in first test. Note: In Multan, out of 1160, 453 Iran-returned zaireen were tested + after initially having been tested -ve.  …
Mona Alhamdan a #Saudi healthcare worker, give up her family life and devoted her time to serve her beloved nation and citizens at the time of #corona @rbsalsaud . . #saudiwomen #Covid_19 #COVID19 #SaudiArabia 
I think it's  clear that as a parent/carer no  during Corona virus, saddens me but doesn't surprise me . Hasn't it always been this way.
 after this corona virus be like:.. Ohhh!!! What a Covid strike from Ronaldo!! 30 yards from the quarantine area, sending the goalkeeper in isolation!!!! Ohhhhhhh my Gad, it was absolutely pandemic!!!
But are African Americans really dying from COVID-19 at alarming rates???? Or are we dying from diabetes, heart disease, & other chronic illnesses and they just putting it under corona? Or is doctors just being negligent and letting us die? Are the police just dumping bodies?
An unreliable astrologer tells me that the Coronavirus did not leave when people sang Go Corona go because we did not affix a K before it like they do in Balaji serials...it will go away when we sing Go KCorona Go
Attention Members of Congress! This is the reality right now...I am in Corona, Queens & people are hungry... @WCKitchen lines go to horizon. Food shouldn’t be a problem...but the solution! In next legislation food must be priority @SpeakerPelosi @gop @thedemocrats 
If you fear dying from the Corona virus but are Ok with living the rest of your life in perpetual enslaved servitude by the government, You might vote Democrat....
Smart leadership in the U.S. is hard to find. The Kansas supreme court is scared of the Coronavirus so they do their meeting online to determine if churches should be able to meet. You can't make this stuff up. STAY HOME! #Corona #Covid_19  …
Fuck corona fr. I needed school as a get away ...
Don’t forget that life is more than CORONA..look around...nature in full mood 
F**k this Corona Network. 
Meet Muchwa Christopher the @UCUniversity student who is the brain behind the application that is intended to enhance the fight against Corona virus. 
Exactly. I was at a hotel in Chicago B.C. (Before Corona) and they literally had robots delivering room service. Extra towels, food, everything. The manager told me straight “they don’t get sick, don’t talk back, have no demands - it’s perfect” Not even realizing his job is next  …
The prophecy of Corona virus came with a message, a silver lining; it said, make sure that your name is written in the lambs book of life. #NeedforGlobalRepentance
Celebrated actor Neil Nitin Mukesh makes an appeal to the citizenry to protect animals in times of Corona. @PMOIndia @narendramodi @Manekagandhibjp @tsrawatbjp @pfaindia @NeilNMukesh @gauri_maulekhi @anjali_nauriyal 
 to finish off the rest of my immune system cells that Corona hasn’t touched yet 
If this corona not gone by the time my  whenever we do get off lock down then it’s my birthday again idc
Tablighi jamaat trying to hide from blames of spreading Corona 
Prime Minister @narendramodi Ji is the only world leader followed by the official Twitter account of the White House. His proactive efforts to fight Corona pandemic is being appreciated from entire world. #WorldLovesModi
How do I not remember today is Holy Saturday and Tomorrow is Easter Sunday. How gan? Corona baby wetin we do you.
While rest of the world is fighting Covid 19 as  enemy, in India some lunatics from media and other spheres of life are trying to make corona recite Kalima to make it Muslim. Shame!!!
Turkish lawmaker raises discrepancy in the number of #Corona infection death toll, says there is a spike of burial numbers in Istanbul in contrast to last year. Turkey reported 1,006 death nationwide over Corona as of yesterday while only in Istanbul 1,791 more death registered 
What @maddow calls out here is Trump’s continuing perversion of federalism into buck-passing & blame-shifting. It’s what I criticized as Trump’s “corona-federalism” this week in @washingtonpost:   …
I've written about the "The silent but effective fight" against Corona Virus by Haryana CM @mlkhattar , Please read Haryana under Manohar Lal Khattar held its fort strongly in fight against Corona virus:  …
Well... #COVID__19 is just 4 months oldSee how long did it take to develop treatments for contagious diseases throughout history: Smallpox: 3296 yrs, Polio: 3348 yrs, Cholera: 2345 yrs, Measles: 1471 yrs & Rubella: 352 yrs. #Corona #CoronaVirusUpdates 
So Lemme get this straight. It's only April and WW3 popped off, Australia ignited, Kobe Died, CoronaVirus dropped the mixtape then remixed it, niggas bought all the toilet paper and now I can't leave the house. Next Month, Corona Zombies and Frieza. 2020 is fuckin crazy b.
#GoodNews 1st Corona patient in Nashik is cured. His second report is also Negative. Hearty congratulations to team Civil Hospital for such a fantastic job #WeWillGetThroughThisTogether
Wake me up when corona ends or whatever Green Day said
Best person to brief us on corona virus is Dr Yasmeen Rashid. She knows her job. Does not create panic yet cautious. Keeps the hope alive.. thank you Dr Sahiba.
Facing Corona: (1) US gov't blames China, Dems, (2) bank CEOs blame gov't lack of plans, (3) Dems blame GOP, Trump. None blames capitalist system. How convenient for the system! 
I hope the #Wadhwans are not getting #VIP treatment in the quarantine centre at #Mahabaleshwar. There must be many more Amitabh Gupta’s there who must have received instructions from the same person who had instructed him. #Corona #IndiaFightsCarona
#WhyWeRide This is a constitutional crisis. We've been shut down long enough This corona virus is a concern but it's not something that should take our whole country down. We need to push through this together. #WeThePeople @RideWithC4T  2 
Hey @rahulkanwal can this centre be a corona hotspot? 20 people in one room. Dare to report it
You can wear as many face masks as you want but don't fail to sanitize your hands. That's where we forget cause you stand a chance to catch that mask as many times as you want. Share with friends to help fight Corona.
- A Chinese expert assures everybody that inhalation of a steam from hot water kills Corona virus 100 percent. Even if the virus entered the Nose, throat or Lungs. Corona Virus can not stand the hot water steam... 
BREAKING NEWS Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China.
Spewy’s Corona Quarantine Log: April 11, 2020 - 1240 hours Status: CRITICAL Under sustained attack by Peanut Butter Eggs. They’ve broken through all defenses & appear to have enhanced powers. Signs of imminent attacks by Robin Eggs and Chocolate Bunnies. Requesting help.
For this, the concerned Union Ministry should issue appropriate orders. This would help Rajasthan in fighting Corona-19 pandemic with its firm resolve 
Think deeper. @GovRonDeSantis wants to look good for Trump. Trump needs some states to showcase when he has his big Corona-gone opening day bash. 
#Corona Keep washing your hands regularly #StayClean #StaySafe 
It was an honour to share the dais with Hon'ble DY CM sir @msisodia and worthy Director of Education Binay Bhushan sir on "Parenting at the time of Corona " session 2 in which I shared some points on Mission Buniyad. Gratitude to @shail2018, @PbpandeyB and entireTeam 
Punjab, Maharashtra, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana announce extension of the lockdown to contain corona outbreak! TN, the second highest affected state would not announce it and would want 'Bharatha pradhamar' (Bharath's PM) to announce it! L & O (Lockdown) is a state subject!
Madhya Pradesh does NOT have a Health Minister. MP has only a Chief Minister. No Cabinet is sworn in yet. Principal Secretary Health is Corona +ve. 45+ IAS officers are Corona+ve @VTankha writes to the President to Impose Presidents Rule in Madhya Pradesh #Corona 
Dr. Sanaullah offered funeral prayer of Corona patient, after Molvi rejected to offer it in Shangla, KP. Doctor stated that during @UNICEF_Pakistan training, it  that it’s harmless to give bath to dead body while taking precautions; Salute to #CoronaHeroesKP
The Rwandan radio like Media @IndiaToday @republic and an array of bigots in these media houses spew such venom that even an ordinary Muslim feel demonized. Corona is portrayed as a Muslim illness. Actual failure of Modi Govt. is hidden under this propoganda.
PM @ImranKhanPTI appeals to youth, especially those associated with health sector to register themselves with Corona Relief Tiger Force  
Does anybody reading this actually know anyone with corona??? Asking for a friend
On the lack of PPE protections for our NHS frontline workers, the Home Sec opts for the coward’s apology which is not a sorry but a denial, ‘I apologise if people feel that way’. Which is to say, it’s how others feel, not her believing it’s worthy of saying sorry, IMO. #corona
There is this nonsense line, well people know something was going on in Wuhan so the world should have prepared for corona. When you are trying to prepare for a specific gene there is an ocean of difference between knowing something is happening and having clear info & biologics  …
After the controversy about senators dumping stocks and investing remote  after a Corona Virus briefing, someone made a site to track congress people's stock trades in real time. Awesome for government transparency.  
Oh Allah you are the listener of all requests and the last resort to  Accept and answer our silent prayers, forgive our parents, guide our children. Take us faraway from( Corona-virus ), have mercy on us, hear us when we call on you and grant us Jannatul Firdaus.  …
#QuarantineDays Dj.Corona ft. Lil Arda 
@SirAlexas master!! Corona issues zikishaa we need another 
I’m tired of this. Corona go. 
this is why #Hydroxycloroquine works on it. that was a malaria (which is like hepatitis) treatment. the corona virus is engineered from human bronchitis, mouse hepatitis and swine gastroenteritis. the #Hydroxycloroquine disabled the mouse hepatitis part of the 
@narendramodi ji My little daughter is standing strong behind you . Simple yet Strong message for fellow countrymen to fight #Corona This is how by ensuring #StayHomeStaySafe Our #IndiaFightsCarona 
I just locked myself in the bathroom so I could eat a tuna sandwich in peace. I hate Corona Virus so much.
i know i had the corona virus back in January
Our mighty President has been doing all he can to address this Corona crisis yet the Democrats are preparing to launch yet more bogus investigations. We must eviscerate their party in 2020!
We have everyone staying at home and enjoying bbqs whilst the NHS are working 24/7 fighting corona and I’m hearing people are meeting up around here for social gatherings absolute c****
World is going through a very difficult time so let’s pray for everyone Lyrics #RanjitSinghRana uk #MeshiEshara #StayHome, #SaveLives. #StaySafe #SaveNhs #prayfortheworld #lockdown #corona #coronavirus #waheguru ji mehar karo sab Tey #GodBless 
a couple days ago i went through the much-discussed process of entering korea as a foreigner in the corona era. my experience was a bit different than any i'd researched, so i'm gonna retrace my steps here for posterity (may contain nifty trick for anyone on a longterm visa)
From USA to Brazil, Bhutan, Israel Sri Lanka, Maldives And Many More Countries And Their Respective Heads Are Appreciating Our PM @narendramodi's Efforts In Tackling Corona Virus And Thanking Him To Help Them In This Crisis. He's a Blessing For Us. No Doubt 
not cockblock corona
Corona said fuck Lip Fillers... and we approve!! 
so it can be disguised as corona virus so people think it's in the air. lung infection is a byproduct of the gastrointestinal disease. it was engineered that way  …  
. @WHO picks @LGGLiegeAirport as #European hub to move critical #MedicalSupplies #WHO #LiegeAirport #SFAirlines #China #Ethiopia #Ghana #Malaysia #Panama #SouthAfrica #UnitedArabEmirates #aircargo #cargo #Corona #Covid_19 #pandemic #Covid2019  …
The dreadful global plague of Corona virus and the ravaging locusts eating up Kenya and East Africa was prophesised by the MIGHTIEST PROPHETS. Its fulfilment is the wrath of GOD YAHWEH being poured on earth in an attempt to make this generation to see the 
Taiwan is country. China is corona virus.
Corona isn’t killing us...stress & fear is. Once you allow stress & fear to run uncontrollably throughout the mind & body it leads to a weakened immune response + increased risk of heart + respiratory failure find what brings you peace & stay there that’s how we heal
#EXCLUSIVE | Our war against Corona started when 4 Italians were tested positive on 4th March & our control room was set up on March 8th: Haryana CM @mlkhattar tells Navika Kumar on 
Boycott All Single Sources. Be Corona free. Be Happy. Boycott All Thookers. Be Corona Free. Be Happy.
Apprised the PM about measures taken by the state government to give relief to the needy and vulnerable sections during the crisis. It is very important for the states to get sufficient help from the Centre to face a disaster like corona.
#Turkey's leaders are hushing up #Corona infections in the military, @NATO's second largest army in terms of manpower, with defense chief Hulusi Akar claiming all fine as opposed to mounting concern over growing number of infections in army bases and 
This is why I was never a corona-denier, names and faces  out of people who died. You can type a few names into Google and see they check out. You can continue to deny it, but your narrative is going get much  and implausible. 
Call Your Relatives And Make Sure They Aren't Going To Church Tomorrow 2020 Corona Challenge
#OPENAMERICANOW has to be the dumbest shit I have heard in a long while. Let's all worry about the economy! We know Corona virus cares a lot about how much Wall Street makes! This is how people die. It's reckless stupidity. 
Khan Sahb, the #NayaMazdoor project is all about using digital disruption bridging the gap between unemployed labour & demand. It'll help Government & allow the labour TV earn while applying safety measures during corona pandemic. I've sent an email to Azam Khan. Hope you get it.
I’m absolutely sick over the fact me and Eden’s 21st was supposed to be tonight and the weather like this, would’ve had the predrinks about 5 hours earlier, speaker absolutely hopping in the garden and everyone on the loveliest one of their life hahahaha f u corona
Fun fact: Steak-umm is named after the reaction people have after trying the product: “Steak? Umm, ok, if you say so” Much like this confoundingly patronizing tweet: “Umm, have you heard what the WHO is saying about rounding people for corona, lunch meat?”  …
Today we see the advancement of The Prophecy of The Corona virus as was given by The Prophet of God Dr Owuor way back in year 2015. Its Fulfilments is essentially meant to introduce this prophets to you. The LORD GOD is now reaching out this generation. 
corona is earth's punishment to the human race for producing the chainsmokers
Corona isnt "Targeting black people" it's legit just killing people who have always been killed by virus.. poor people who live  that are subject to bad nutrition, Pollution and limited resources..
FIR No: 07/2020 registered by Cyber Police Station Kashmir Zone against one Asif Dar for his address to Kashmiris on his Facebook page and having started a YouTube channel in which he claims there are 10,000 Corona cases in Kashmir and says Kashmir is "under Indian occupation". 
Full lockdown na hua to Corona say mar jayengy full lockdown hogaya to bhook say mar jayengy, badnaseeb qaum...
Okay so remedy for Corona Virus. 3 aspirin, 4 lime slices and honey. Boil it together, take the limes out and drink it as hot as you can take it. Your symptoms should minimize soon. It’s not the cure but it doesn’t hurt to try, it can help someone
AND he wants citizens to carry proof of vaccination for corona. Don't forget that. We are a free people who own our own bodies. WE decide what is injected/ingested. He does not.
An update on the #Corona positive cases in #Maharashtra Note the Y axis is #logarithmic. Data has been updated as of late evening. Respect the #Lockdownextention #CoronaVirusUpdates #StayHome @aparanjape @c_aashish @MulaMutha @ParagKMT 
More black people dyin from Corona virus than anything I’m not sayin it’s a conspiracy I’m jus sayin Malcom X would think so
How ironic that in these crucial times when Corona is the biggest enemy they still see Rahul as a bigger one?! Ofcourse this shows Rahul's strength but this kind of Rahulphobia can't please even Congressees in such troubling times!  …
My to go list after corona pandemic ends - Dujiangyan ancient irrigation system in Sichuan of SW China, an irrigation and flood control project constructed around 256BC. 
Whether you think Corona is fake, numbers are false or isolation is the correct action WE ARE WITNESSING OUR SLAVERY. Watch as Brits are accosted going into their gardens. People reporting you are outside, google and  watching you. Not to mention Gates and ID2020.
Our entire road has been quarantined due to some person got corona in our street, so what will happen, can't we go out from tomorrow? Anyone in total quarantined area there know?
Dear Corona, I need my life back.
Go have a Corona. You’re not very useful anyway.
Telangana  sealing of borders with Maharashtra as Corona virus cases in that State are rising: CM KCR
#Shocking | A medical screening team was held hostage inside a house in Sheikhpora, Wathoora village of Central Kashmir’s Budgam. 3 Policemen went there to rescue them, got injured in stone pelting by the family. Remember there are 11 active corona case in Budgam.
Pets don’t transmit corona virus, don’t abandon them! They need you 
NITB graphics show Corona virus clusters in DHA Karachi, but sindh govt notification, issued today, doesn't mention any lockdown type thing for these areas 
Oh no that means his corona virus symptoms are gonna get worse  …
Great news today Amateur Rugby League Stalwart and former Bold Miners Secretary Allan Speakman has beaten Corona. Manse (as everyone knows him by) was taken into Hospital two weeks ago and now he’s on his way his home this Afternoon well done Manse and well done to The NHS.
Requiring people to travel to a specific location on a certain day and stand in a line for hours to vote was stupid before corona.
If you were missing the “intelligence factor “ on tv, well here is a whole new way of doing journalism and being informed. @mohanguruswamy @ShamikaRavi and @TheJaggi join in. India’s only truly interactive broadcast, live from hills of bheemtal. #Corona  …
people in louisiana don’t call this the corona virus, covid-19, or a pandemic. we call it “with all this shit going on”
This is the way we are getting rid of Corona virus, India beating Corona  virus. 
According to experts, pregnant women must take special care to protect themselves from #Covid19. This #NationalSafeMotherhoodDay ensure that all pregnant mothers are safe and protected . #Covid_19India #Corona #WHO #StayHomeStaySafeStayHealthy 
10JP paid workers in full flow. let Corona get  spread and then pull and defame the govt Sonia single agenda now is Community Spread & save TJ Babli agenda is Failed Yogi  …
When the vaccine to corona is found people will continue to die because of the absolute inept anti vaxxers
Lockdown is killing people now. Economic collapse will kill more. Here is just one example of how. #coronavirus #lockdown #COVID19 #Corona  …
 … - My calm, collected account of the full unfolding of the corona crisis here in the UK, published in the BYLINE TIMES. Please read/share. This really is important.
2/ We have been warned about damage the rushed Gates-Fauci Corona vaccine will do to the world -- straight from the public health  mouths - #SAYNOTOGATESVACCINE - WATCH AND SHARE  …
it's my country, and it will die if I want to die if I want to, die if I want to you would die too if I pass corona to you 
Imagine if instead of #TablighiJamaat Kanwariyas were behind 70-80% #Corona spread in India, and had they resisted testing by violently opposing the government, what would have been the response of left liberals and Islamofascists? They attack Hindus even on fake equivalence
Sareena & HBL starting an initiative in which they will provide lunch & dinner to 20 hospitals for doctors, nurses & paramedics in 7 cities working on Corona patients. Seven cities are: Islamabad Rawalpindi Faisalabad Quetta Swat Gilgit Khaplu 
Maybe some far right nut in Germany would call them corona hotspots. But what's far right there is 'moderate' India Today here. Forget Zee News, India TV, Republic, Times Now.  …
68 % beds in Delhi's Covid Hospital are already full with Corona positive and suspected patients. Total capacity with Beds 2406. Patients admitted 1635. Only 26 patients discharged in Delhi. This is worrisome #COVID__19 
What a lovely Easter gift from the United States to Italy: $100 million plus full access to US armed forces facilities and personnel stationed in Italy (some 30,000 people) for corona-related assistance. Buona pasqua!  …
And our operations of reaching the unreached continues. Our volunteers distributed food packets and water among the needy & the disadvantaged in Patna today. @YAAC2020 #ReachingtheUnreached #YouthAgainstCorona देश जीतेगा, Corona हारेगा 
This man in #Turkey's southeastern province of #Adana made a run from the hospital after he was diagnosed as #Corona positive, prompting a police chase for a kilometer to catch him. 
Bhopal’s health dept, led by its infected IAS secy,  new corona hotspot, half of city’s cases are linked to it... ThePrint's @renuagal and Rahul Sampal @sampalrahul 
Graphic Witness Accounts of Chinese Burning Corona Victims Alive 
Indian media turned in to #Casteist_Communal_Media Dalal Media Association. Protect your self from #Casteist_Communal_Media fake news not just Corona virus. 
+++ Germans satisfied with management of Corona crisis Click here  for the latest #news about the #coronavirus in #Germany. #NewsDE #COVID2019 #Covid19 
."Finding friends with same mental disorder; priceless !" @haddhaibc1 #haddhaibc1 #pankitthakker #yourchamppankit #dmgmemes #dmg #dillmillgayye #quaratine #lockdown2020 #corona #COVIDー19 #ksg 
Evolution of Nizamuddin corona jihad...... Tableeq jamat-->Delhi event-->single source-->special operations -->unknown phenomenon.
Today's show was just fantastic @Shehzad_Ind You totally exposed Corona Jihaad Everyone must watch  …
So far have noticed reports of doctors being mistreated & harassed in India by their neighbours during the Corona pandemic & saw reports of doctors being mistreated by authorities in Pakistan for demanding PPE. Why are we so inhuman as a society at times?
Quarantine googling [air squats best form] [Ray Dalio how bad covid recession] [Get up same time even on weekends?] [Easiest package sterilization corona] [Can 1 year old learn to read?] [Beginner breakdancing tutorial] [Benefits separate rooms married]
If you follow these simple dos and  a corona faux pas you won't. Look for this page in Sunday's @PhillyInquirer. Another fine collaboration by @Elaijuh @griffithgreene & 
This video made me so sad. What you see is constable Maharana of 45 Battalion @crpfindia eating his lunch at entrance of his house in Kashmir. He has asked his son to stay away. After lunch he will be back on duty against Corona. 
Dakshina Kannada's Youngest Patient 10 month old infant discharged today. This news gave a big relief during the hard times of Corona Crisis. God bless the child. #StayHome #StaySafe #MangaloreFightsCorona
If you want to avoid the corona virus, then stay at home yourself. And if you want to avoid the hate virus, then take these channels out of the house. 
Corona Relief Update Popular Front cadres of Pune are closely working with the Pune Police to help families with the funeral arrangements for the deceased. Till now 6 such burials were done. We appreciate their service for being in the front line.. #CoronavirusOutbreakindia
Rawalpindi Corona +ve update: Total: 204 cases Districts: Jhelum 62; Pindi 124; Attock 10 & Chakwal 8. Zaireen 26; tableeghi jamaat members & their contacts 49; foreign travellers 38 & local Pakistanis 91. #COVID__19
Dr. Shiva gives a great report on the DS last ditch effort with this Corona Virus "pandemic". 
The silence of Mighty Prophet of God, Prophet Owuor while we continue to face CORONA Pandemic has left us with more questions than Answers. Is he the False Prophet the Bible talks about? #NeedforGlobalRepentance
Corona on the rise. Countries are shutting down. TJ spreads corona in India at an unprecedented rate. Single handedly f'ed up the country. Get naked in front of nurses. Break the rules. Librandus: 
It’s like Christmas morning!!! Let’s choke out corona!! #ufc #jitzsoap #chokeoutcorona 
One word, every bull has turned bear. "Corona" One word, every bear will turn to bull. What is that one word?
You have no symptoms. You feel fine, but get hit by a bus. The autopsy shows + on the Corona test. That counts, even though it didn't kill you. The bus did. I have heard this from two doctors I know personally. That's why the numbers are so high. High numbers =more quarantine.
imagine the POWER wildflower would have had if it got the promo it deserved and a music video and live tv performances and everything !!! fuck corona really
Corona still hasn't put out a press release assuring people that it's not a hoax and dissociating itself from 5G? Must have terrible PR handlers.
We are being told by experts that many infected with corona virus won't present any symptoms. That means many of us may be immune already. Why is our government blocking the made in Canada antibody test? Would you like to know if you are already immune? I would. #CrimeMinister
Yeah but you got to admit my arms look diesel. #nfc. No fun club in full effect. Also just to show no hard feelings I won’t wish Corona on this guy. Old Dave would have. Mature Dave won’t. Credit it me.  …
After the Coronavirus outbreak and the tough Corona regulations of Cameroon, unfortunately all airports were closed and the team got stuck in their house in Douala. After two weeks of waiting and the help of @MesutOzil1088 , a flight back home to Switzerland could be organized.
I can't help but wonder if all of this Corona Pandemic could have been avoided if we had just banned plastic straws sooner.
Good morning from a Corona free bed again 
How did our interview end in Drunk Tacha and post corona playlist
Why did Joeboy made this his new video ”CALL” seem like the world is ending soon due to this CORONA virus disease?????
Activism during the corona crisis: the  holds an online conference with experts providing insights into #COVID_19 in Iran. Technology allows us to receive the real story, as the #Iran regime is desperately covering up the severity of the  …
Actually it is: “URGENT!!! Please share and send as seen. Throw away you pancake or stop eating for now. A batch of pancakes were found to have been contaminated with the Corona Virus 5G and color changed because she left it outside overnight. Please pray these are end times.”
mean while slim thug lying about having corona as a troll..  …
They mIght have IF a) The  allowed students who had attended a Corona infected Rock concert in Italy to stay. A concert which was known to be the cause of 50% of Italy's Covid cases b) Hid this fact from authorities and refused to vacate the   …
Please  someone who is tested positive to Corona Virus was treated and he became negative. Please how did it happened? Is there cure to this virus? Or there was a mistake in the test?
That Live with MrEazi was Lit I hope Tacha is planning to start her own show after this Corona nonsense is over. 
So sad!! Corona has infected Indian minds too, they will recover physically but dimagh ka kia hoga or pakistan obsession kum tha ooper say imran obsession
Corona is no match against EMPOWERED WOMEN
Corona, Queens is the most heavily COVID-impacted zip code in America. I can tell you 1st hand that many ppl are too scared to go to the hospital & continue to work bc of Trump’s xenophobic COVID response. In that uncertainty, street vendors are stepping up and saving lives  …
Leading from the front is what @narendramodi ji does. He is leading the world in fight with invisible enemy CORONA. We Indians need to support his fight by staying at home and time is not far when India will triumph the world under our great PM #WorldLovesModi @iSinghApurva
Finally, separate markaz positive cases column now has been removed from Delhi's daily corona bulletin. @saahilmenghani is the only one who has been constanly asking for its removal. Thank you to you Saahil. You are the  …
Just to clarify on this morphed @aajtak image spreading rumours about Pak PM @ImranKhanPTI wife’s Corona. This is false, fabricated and baseless. Please spread the word 
“RATINGS”?!?! 2,000 Americans DIE PER DAY from Corona you Bitch! Ratings is what you care about today?!?! If everyone in the USA is not as angry at Trump as I am Then I need to move to a different country immediately.  …
It feels like the corona honeymoon for many Governors  to a crashing halt. We’re starting to see the inevitable overstep that befalls government leaders who initially enjoy broad bipartisan support during emergencies.  …
If there is one thing in the world that makes (almost) everyone happy, it's #pizza. But with #Italy under lockdown, pizzerias around the country are suffering as much as their customers, who long for a truly Italian carb-fest. #corona  …
Plenty of them would agree with Trump that the corona virus is "very smart."
SRC is a joke, always has been. We need to disband  now to save money for fighting the corona pandemic. Starting with SRC.  …
Spreading positivity helps restore hope in this difficult fight against Corona virus. Hospital emergency workers in the Netherlands show their solidarity by singing to colleagues on the medical staff: "You will never walk alone" 
#VERIFIED @ArvindKejriwal govt REMOVES Markaz column from its daily Corona bulletin. I've been asking for its removal or more elaborate figs. THANKS 166 NEW cases in Delhi, TOTAL-1069 Samples tested yet-11709 Samples in 24 hours-648 464 sample results still pending
It doesn't make sense at all, queues at the shopping center are having more people than funerals, but ke Corona
Scientists in Finland put together a shocking video showing how far deadly #Corona droplets can travel & infect people, with extremely small aerosol particles carrying the virus hanging in the air for several minutes #WearMasks #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus #COVID__19 
I wish all #Corona #COVIDー19 concerned and families lots of Strength Health and Love My friend Roman (29) lost the fight He often used to say “There are always flowers for those who want to see them” Remember Be Safe Think Positive  …
UK Government corona update by P Patel. Watching this, even when talking about death and sensitive topics, she shows abosolutley no  nothing but a dead pan expression. She is reading her script like a robot. Where is her heart? #DowningStreetBriefing
Hey early risers and Europe! We're showing a rerun of last nights Corona Clash Remember we are still raising money until Sunday for the fight against COVID. We are currently at a whopping $6.5K. Donate & tune in below!  :  
After this virus u will see adonko factory producing Corona ginger Corona prekese ginger Corona atadwe hwam Covid cola bitters I know my people
"Can Yaman, who has been spoken for an advertisement agreement with a famous  for about 2 million TL, will start shooting the campaign after the risk of corona virus disappears." Yeah baby The best is yet  
Hey @rahulkanwal I live in a student  in Germany. When the Covid-19 lockdown came almost everyone decided to stay put. It's mostly students from India, Pakistan, China on my floor w/ shared bathrooms and kitchen but German media isn't calling us "Corona hotspots"
Serial fake news peddler Amit Malviya does it again. It seems this person is appointed specifically to cover up  of BJP by spreading fake news! Nothing can change the fact that BJP Govt wasted crucial time in fight against Corona & they imposed  …
OMG NO ONE ELSE IS RELEASING MUSIC RN BC OF CORONA SO VIOLET WILL DEFINITELY GO #1 FOR THE NEXT YEAR SO WILL LANAS WHOLE DISCOGRAPHY AND SHELL DO LOADS OF WORLD TOURS AND RELEASE AFFORDABLE MERCH AND WIN LOADS OF GRAMMYS AND THEN MARIN 
Every final year student go add corona virus as part of the limitations of this research project
Joeboy actually made his “ Call “ video look like the world had almost ended cus of Corona. The director get brain. Very apocalyptic
Sickualar aapa @MamataOfficial has proved she is very kind and believes in one religion and one god philosophy, we all know which religion it is. #COVIDー19 #Corona #Bengal 
“Profile in Corruption”: After Nancy Pelosi Steals $25 MILLION for the Kennedy Center from the Corona Relief Bill, Kennedy Library Gives Pelosi Profile in Courage Award  
Street vending is a crucial part of economy & culture in Corona, Queens. In times like these, when critical information is being shared primarily online and in English, street vendors continue to play an essential role in ensuring information reaches the most  
If Canada and the US really want to get serious about slowing or ending #ChinaCorona ,then, let’s quick test at the borders. And end all travel to/from China, which is the source of Corona, for 30 days.
Relaxing with corona and making @PalomitasSlave send all day long random figures while making him  because he is spending time with his gf, grandma and family sending me money is too hot to say no to / finD financialdomination spoiled brat finsub feet 
SHOAIB AKHTAR EXCLUSIVE: CORONA TRAGEDY Can Bring IND-PAK Together Throu...  via @YouTube @shoaib100mph
BREAKING: AOC Gets Caught LYING About Voting Against The Corona Corporate Bailout  via @McscNetwork
BEFORE INDIA's LOCKDOWN MAR 18- 156 #Corona cases MAR 24- 536 WEEK's RISE- 243.5% LOCKDOWN WEEK 1 MAR 25- 657 MAR31- 1397 WEEK's RISE- 112.6% LOCKDOWN WEEK 2 APR 1- 1998 APR7- 4789 WEEK's RISE- 139.6%
Respective heads of many countries are appreciating @narendramodi's efforts in tackling corona virus & thanking him to help them in this tough times. Proud of our leader. 
I guess swedish state television will not broadcast this... #svpol #corona  …
According to Chief Minister Sindh, Murad Shah, 20% of the people tested for Corona have tested positive: 531 new samples were tested, of which 104 came out positive! That's one of the highest averages of positive tests anywhere in the world.
Corona and Mona darling 
Prince Corona born two days ago.... (that's my name for him) 
The hellish corona virus has driven gender politics, Indy, brexit, and everything else into the media mist.......but it was no match for Scottish football
#Bengal is the only State whose CM is demanding funds publicly, every time she goes public. Every other CM is busy fighting #Corona May be demanding funds privately.  …
More things to be grateful forThe best Corona song 200k views in just two weeksThank you and Do as it preaches 
Humanity still alive in Punjab: Ropar village, Ramgarhias open their cremation grounds for corona victims, unclaimed bodies | Cities News,The Indian Express. That is the true spirit of Punjab.  …
Senator Cornyn posted pictures of Corona beer while laughing at the pandemic. Texas 50th in testing and he's obsessed with Russia investigation. No town halls with constituents. Parrots Trump. Its a hard no from this Texan.
corona gon blow right through that. and let's think, a black man wearing a bandana ? sounds gang like to me
Seeing Health CAS Mercy Mwangangi addressing us on Corona gives me hope that we are going to  ,I just feel lyk the camera shuld stay on her even if she is not talking and escort her till she disapears ,CS Mutahi Kagwe ni mkali anatugombanisha Mombasa Martha Meru Diamond 
Also we need to talk about the government's swiftness with Corona yet there are lots of black people who are still dying like flies of HIV/Aids. In the week before lockdown, more than 1000 young women were recorded as new infections. One week? 1000 infections???????????
My area is to be sealed due to Corona Virus outbreak, stay at Home and cancel EVERYTHING before its too LATE 
They did tell us Corona pandemic would be used for terror activities. We simply didn't know that it was by online jehadi lynch mobs.
9 small towns in Karachi sealed due to #CoronaVirus ALLAH SAVE KARACHI Ameen. Corona in these towns Dalmia. Gilani colony. Jamali colony. Gulshan II. Pehelwan Goth. Gulzar e Hijri. Safoora. Faisal Cantt. Manzoor colony. Jacob lines. Jamshaid Qtrs Out of control
if corona doesn't kill us he probably will
In the wake of Corona virus outbreak, the situation has gone worse and in such crucial times, @MinhajulQuran has distributed ration packages among more than 2 lac families in just 20 days through its countrywide network across Pakistan. #MinhajWelfareActivities 
Boris Johnson 2016: “The only way to avoid  borders with Turkey is to vote Leave and take back control.” Boris Johnson 2020: *Almost dies of Corona Virus* Turkey:  …
"Corona is the virus. Capitalism is the pandemic."⁠ ⁠ Graffiti seen in Chicago, United States. 
✓United States ✓Brazil ✓Srilanka ✓Israel Thanks PM @narendramodi for providing medical aid amid COVID-19 crisis. Our PM is leading the whole World in the war against Corona Pandemic. India has emerged as a ray of Hope at global stage. 
Although I am not supporting the incident..but only one question did they spat on anyone or hiding from authority..or spreading Corona...by some single source..
Looks like bigger influencers are picking up on the Theranos-patent shakedown against corona virus  which was first reported by  …
Guys we did it! Corona is no more 
[[]] WATCH: These East Villagers in NY Admit: They Would Rather Extend The Duration & Severity Of The Corona Virus Pandemic (With 1 Mil + Mortalities or more) If It Meant Trump WOULDN’T Be Re-Elected 
Did you know that Fast & Furious movies have given Corona Beer over $15 million worth of free advertising through organic product placement over the years since the release of their first film.  …
WTF?! CNN Invokes JESUS to Corona-Shame You into COMPLIANCE!!  via @YouTube
This week in review: Trump’s bogus medical advice, how coronavirus is affecting the  pandemic warnings ignored, and love in the time of corona. 
. @Shaniyat2020 Is a Berniecrat running for Congress. He is dedicating April's donations to families in NY who are in need during the Corona Virus Pandemic. Please join me in Donating a few dollars or more to his efforts.  …
Almost 90% of students of boarding schools in country holed up bcoz of sudden lock down including IIT, IIM,Universities,Colleges etc etc etc But for Corona Media (godi media) Madarsa students are "Hiding" others holed up, stranded
4. Q describing corona as war, asking us who benefits from covid19 panic, and not to fear. 5. Death #totals for ALL other deaths (besides CV) have fallen off a cliff the last few months while CV is rising (check cdc website) 6. True Pundit claiming pandemic may not even be CV
Can we collectively agree to boycott some stores and pharmacies after Corona? They've shown us their colours with this opportunistic pricing
I don't sell food, but will i still be able to make sales? Yes you can. Join me today by 5P on instagram. Lets talk on how we can continue business during this Corona Virus crisis. And ofcourse business from our house. Please RT, a business owner might need this 
Different states, different systems, and different responses—Corona and Indian states. 
The U.S. is resorting to drones to enforce social distancing amid the Corona virus pandemic  via @QuickTake #COVIDー19 #SocialDistancing #Drone #uam #aviation #covid @SpirosMargaris @Paula_Piccard @evankirstel @alvinfoo @mvollmer1 @PawlowskiMario
Van key lorry.. Gathering was held on 12th March .. Also They didn't spat on people , they didn't misbehaved with nurses, they didn't resisted against quarantine, they never said that 5 times namaz will cure Corona.  …
Paul Hollywood is going to think twice about handing out those handshakes post Corona
Never can I recall such a vast number of folks handled anything so poorly as this batch of corona flu. This goes all the way up to most of our state governors and representatives. I wasn’t born into a police state. #OPENAMERICANOW #Easter
Well since no one is taking the stay at home order seriously I guess y’all are ok with getting corona and a stay at home order that lasts forever??? I mean I wanna go out and see my friends too but ??? This virus is nasty and is KILLING people, it doesn’t choose young vs old
Have sworn that if I make it past Corona unscathed, I will live life to the fullest fullest. My eyes have been opened to what's important and politicians isn't one of them. Ngoja.
Piersy in your capacity as the self appointed corona crisis moral barometer of Britain . Have you enquired as to the stance your beloved Arsenal are taking in respect to furlough @piersmorgan I see Leicester have decided not to use furlough.
On directives of Adi @Mpafaryaltalpur Sahiba,Chairman MC Nawabshah Haji @azeemmughal's very effective steps are being taken to prevent the growing pandemic of Corona virus especially for the citizens of Sindh and especially Nawabshah.Conducting the Germicidal Walkthrough gate. 
Auc waka passed away,but we cant give her a proper send off because of Corona  …
Need a #ventilator? Easy. Just move to a red state. That’s part of Tяump’s sick plan to fight the #Corona pandemic the he allowed to spread with his #70DaysDeadlyDelay. It’s *unreal* the USA has sunk to #TrumpBurialPits. Bottom line:  …
Whole country is fighting corona pandemic, u upload videos on tik-tok  the virus. That's why 
Can’t believe it’s Easter tomorrow and I don’t even have an Easter egg. Thanks a lot corona virus, thanks a lot.
The experts are lying about the corona death count and Dr. Scarf stated as much.. They manipulate the facts and fill their pockets with peasants gold. At this point my best guess is take the current covid death toll, subtract 1/3 and we will be closer to reality.
Should Pakistan go in  lockdown to prevent the spread of corona virus ?
30 out of 120 Jamatis in Delhi's Mundka test positive for Corona. This was a pure H rural area, sullas settled some yrs ago coz Hs rented out their properties for scrap biz, pura kabad ka dhandha yahi log krte h, add the outbreeding. Hs will regret the rent earning we do from em.
So @RiotQuickshot and I watched a news piece on the rise of divorce rates in the time of corona, and now we keep threatening to call the divorce lawyers whenever the other person does something dumb. It’s a fun game, would 
The whole world faces one virus, yet Palestinian people face two viruses: corona and "Israel". 
22 migrants died while returning home.. Corona didn't kill them.. the situation created by our govt - the unplanned lockdown had let them die.. They were not old aged with chronic diseases, rather they were hard working labors and youths...... It's really sad! #मजदूर_बेहाल
A young imam in Turkey transformed a mosque, closed during corona epidemic, into a "a market” with free food to help those in need. His slogan: "Take what you need, give what you can” - Sariyer, Istanbul mehmet adese 
This morning I got a text. Hey love, It's ............. I hope this Corona thing ends so  over, will just be in Tsumeb for now. Can u please add for me N$2000, saw a nice Iphone 8plus but only have 5K. Will be waiting, miss u. Mboli she is at Wanahenda cells. 
#MinhajWelfareActivities: Rajanpur In collaboration with @minhajwelfare, MWL distributed ration packages among Corona affected families to assist daily earners who are bound to stay home due to lockdown. | Defeating Challenges - Serving Humanity | 
2020 can still be your year, the first half doesn’t dictate the final score. Just ask Warren Moon and the Houston Oilers! #comeback #corona #WeWillWin #WeWillGetThroughThis 
Jerome Adams, U.S. Surgeon General's speech with the height of buffoonery. We aren't STUPID. Who's "Big Momma?" Abuela, what? Dumb MF'er. How about saving our lives by talking about how Donald Trump's ineptitude is killing us and stop trying to blame us for getting Corona...
New India : While corona killed 39, hunger killed 34  … #मजदूर_बेहाल
No chapters next week by the way, Corona ruining everything . We have videos planned for the next month, so things should be fine, we just needed a break because we were all tired and burnt oit.
The victims  memorial add in abortions, potential births??? Dead nazi soldiers and camp guards and recently, Corona virus victims and it is a worthless metric to base any valid criticism  on
2020: National Institute of Virology (NIV), has been at the forefront in the battle against Corona virus. 1952: NIV Pune, previously known as 'Virus Research Centre' was established at Pune during Pt. Nehru's PMship. Such was #IndiasNehru's foresight & scientific 
On day 18 of #Corona Lockdown, Delhi Police have detained 3515 for non-essential movement. On FRI-3545, THURS-3954 Vehicles impounded today-400 This is happening when FULL LOCKDOWN is on. Just imagine the scale of movement if the lockdown is diluted Will keep updating
This seems like madness. Can @SimonHarrisTD explain this? New Zealand kept Corona virus at very low levels by closing borders. Only the most pressing needs should permit flight entry here.  …
Imagine being this unintelligent... It’s because of the quarantine You democrats forced on us when in 41 states each state has less than 100 Corona virus deaths. This is 100% your fault  …
The urge is stronger than ever in these Corona lockdown times. Resist.  …
That #Corona effect no marage 
Kusiri kufa ndekupi. If Corona virus doesn't kill us, hunger will kill us or the army will kill us. A revolution is the only way to go now. They will kill us in the process but a blood of a martyr is enough to water a seed of revolution. 
If it was a report on Hindu priests and India. NYT would write how self-styled Godmen are stupidly dying while trying to cure Corona patients by superstitious voodoo.  …
Corona is the new terrorism ? 
What if ( and it’s ONLY a ?) the corona bacteria was put in the water supply? Do you put that past people like Gates who are determined to get their way? Do you drink tap water unfiltered? What about on food like produce? Do you wash every piece? Where does your  from?
While the entire national media has been trying to blame Tabhlaghi Jamaat 4 dspread of corona, in the meantime hundreds of migrant labors, upset by the lockdown in Surat,came out on d streets on Friday night disgusted.  …
It's like this Corona plague is being used as a platform for the globalist overlords to roll out their test programs for takeover, lockdowns, martial law, vaccines, tracking systems and removing our freedoms I think this whole thing was a planned scenario Its time we fight back
Is there space for humour in corona times? @bomanirani and @sumukhisuresh join  …
One corona rhetoric thing I've seen a lot is the idea of the virus as motivated or sneaky or conscious. It's not!
Before Corona 
The Corona may leave the farmers and laborers of the country, but the hunger is not going to spare them. The government  up with some relief measures for the poor. #मजदूर_बेहाल
On the Instruction of MPA Adi @FaryalTalpurPk Municipal Committee Nawabshah Chairman Haji @azeemmughalppp Installed Disinfecting Sanitizer Walk-through Gate which help us to Fight against Noval Corona Virus. #CoronaFreePakistan @BBhuttoZardari @BakhtawarBZ @AseefaBZ 
I know for a fact that Mdu Aka Trp was going to kill it Sun Arena today but I guess all we can do is mix their music for now. Fuck you Corona #SingleFlames 
1 man up Corona will not stop my faji in this heat, gotta be creative in these times no cap 
It seems as tho every other disease out there has been on a 2 month vacation while Corona Virus is hogging the spotlight...I mean do ppl still die from Aids,Cancer, Diabetes? Hell, car accidents? Just something to think about.
Seeing a lot of news about people abandoning their pets. Please don’t believe fake news. Our pets are the truest form of love we can ever receive. And this is how you return it? They do not cause corona, Keep them inside the house. Don’t throw them away into this scary world.
MH Prayagraj lead by Brig Bhandari dispatched its Quick #COVID__19 medical team(QCMT) to Faziabad today to augment the efforts to fight #Corona pandemic in Faziabad and Varanasi area. @adgpi @SpokespersonMoD @rajnathsingh @PIB_India @MoHFW_INDIA @PIBHindi 
#BalsenaFightsCorona Do attend this class of our young Corona Warriors of CRPF soldiers.  …
A kyambogo graduate has found the cure for both HIV and CORONA .... Atte temuwakana . 
Sad story of Highest revenue generating state under Modi rule, not only the union govt this Motor mouthed Modi made sure even all the state govts got in to Financial crisis. Imagine Modi govt is struggling even before Central govt doesn anything on Corona pandemic.  …
This grocery shopping thing is a madness, just uppercut some old lady for taking my super noodles she thought she wasn’t gonna have to go hospital cos of corona now she gotta go because of a vicious uppercut
Latest breakthrough in Corona research by a Mahaan Paki philosopher, the prime TV Anchor, happens to be a Doctor. Corona is Racist, only attacks white people 
Iran's deputy health minister Harirchi who was denying scale of Corona a while ago in fever- in a propaganda speech explains the high rate of #Corona death among the poor, takes US blacks as an example. So many poor #Iranians have died and he uses #US as an 
the way corona attaches to the lungs is insanely disrespectful 
Meanwhile in Turkey with @UmiBirand Corona Diaries Episode #1  
Awan: What will you do with this money? Woman: ...I have 8 kids Awan: 8 kids? What does your husband do besides 'this work'? Our desi corona messiahs. 
Volunteer Force Pakistan is always standing out in crowd for always being pragmatic, for connecting youth for right cause, working selflessly day and night, it time to stand against Corona. Be part of VFP and prove your capabilities #JoinVFP_SMKingdom
One good thing about no Corona daily briefings this weekend, we won't have to hear Fraud Fauci and the scarf queen speak to something they have been wrong about since the beginning.
Did you guys imagine Kenyans were  Corona has nothing on us... This a must attend wedding #UltimateLoveNG 
Testing for corona seems to be a money making scheme. They say there’s no cure. So what is the purpose of testing? Especially people who are not sick. You test so that you can do what? People test positive then go home to recover without treatment.
Belgium is turning in to being the worst Corona case, maybe due to a lack of general vaccination against Tuberculosis (that has been pondered as a potential explanation). 
US,Brazil, Sri lanka, Israel thanks PM @narendramodi ji for providing medical aid amid #COVID19 crisis Our PM is leading d world in the war against Corona pandemic India has emerged as a ray of hope at the global stage Proud moment for every Indian. 
Anti-COVID Pathsala Let's learn the A B C of the fight against corona. #देश_के_हम_हैं_रक्षक 
BBZ to Sky News: Fed Govt is not timely in its response to Corona crisis. Btw, the same federal govt has managed to disburse 13.18 Billion to 1.098 million families in last 60 hrs approx with allot more to go & int'l media is already praising IK for that. #EhsaasEmergencyCash  …
Attention! Attention!! John legend has arrived oo All the way from obodoyinbo,he said corona can’t stop him  to our wedding oo Roksie is about to dance all of me oo 
India is Fighting the battle against #Corona and helping other Countries also in this battle. 
#MinhajWelfareActivities: Hafizabad MWL sisters in Hafizabad distrubted food packages among the families affected by Corona Virus lockdown. | Defeating Challenges - Serving Humanity | 
When a teen in an uncontacted Amazonian tribe tests positive for corona, how does that make you feel about your national shutdown?  …
That's Saturday Night in Mumbai #Corona #Mumbai 
my mom was diagnosed with corona i can’t even worry though all i can do is pray
Online school is so difficult and time consuming for most people. The stress of it literally makes me sick - in a time of a pandemic people shouldn’t have to worry about some dumb grade and ALSO worry about family/themselves catching corona. Just PASS US.
In movies I always watched aliens, virus etc attack USA and USA being the big brother always in the lead to save the world from collapsing... So where is the fukcin America now Captain America, Thor, Iron man, Superman, Batman, Spiderman, Hulk where are you all #Corona
The corona anthem for Pakistan!!!  …
#Tiruppur #Corona #Update As of 11.4.20 ,7pm Total people under House #Quarantine-941 94 people are out of quarantine today free of symptoms! 121 people added. NO NEW CASES. Total positive cases-26. 1 patient recovered fully.
#MinhajWelfareActivities :Lahore WOICE department of Minhaj-ul-Quran Women League Lahore Pp 148 in collaboration with MWF has distributed food ration packs in 10 deserving families who affected by Corona virus outbreak. | Defeating Challenges - Serving Humanity | 
Its so sad my neighbour was then with property going outside the landlord because everytime rent with corona virus sanitizer trying soo much poor 
“Acting Alone At Home With Friends Who Are Also Acting Alone At Home.” Part 26:The improvised @GaryAWilliams @EdiPattersonHi one. Edit: @themuirproject Music: @LindaRTaylor ! #socialdistancing #covid_19 #corona #quarantine #selfquarantine #stayhome #uncleruckus #rice 
Delhi Govt is disinfecting several areas of Delhi including C, E, F, G blocks of Naraina.Govt is taking all possible steps to prevent the outbreak of Corona. 
A good public awareness campaign by the talented @KarthikVHere with the #Bigil Actresses, Reba and Amritha.. One of the certain ways to help us avoid #Corona #Stage3 - #CoverYourFace 
Sri Lanka nowadays be like Corona outbreak - Muslims are the reason. Economy failing - Muslims are the reason. Adverse weather - Muslims are the reason. Tipi Tip is half filled with air - Muslims are the reason.
Inspiring, Heartening, Noteworthy Jammu Women Show The Way To Defeat #Corona Spreaders. Armed With Sticks, Women Of Chatta Pind (Jammu) Are Guarding Hamlet Against Corona. 
Which is most dangerous ? RT for Communal Virus Like for Corona Virus 
Corona Virus Lockdown World Valve! "In the case of a virus Modi is taking away the humanity of Kashmir. Does it not work? 
This morning inspected Lenin Street, Kamarajar salai, Thiruvalluvar salai, and Anna salai regarding #Corona #lockdown 
Exchange in one of the Karachi UCs being sealed. Reporter: “What do you do? Why are you out?” Man: “I work in a pharmacy. I’m going home.” R: “Then why aren’t you back home, why are you out? Don’t you know you’re a threat.” M: “I know, I should be inside.” Peak Corona-shaming.
This is to celebrate all frontline Pharmacists around the globe who are rendering tremendous pharmaceutical care in  and hospitals. I love you all and #StaySafe Not all heroes wear cape. We will defeat corona virus. #PharmacyHeroes #StayHome @FIP_org 
Simple because every death is suddenly Corona virus!! That is why! The media LIE!
India Leads the World in Fight Against #Corona 
For a state that is sitting at the second place in the Corona virus table, the measures taken by the @CMOTamilNadu are appalling! 1. We aren't testing enough 2. Even if we want to test more, state and the country lacks the Infra 3. We aren't getting the rapid testing kit now
While the Modi government is busy in a toxic 24/7 anti Muslim campaign, corona cases soar past 7800 with 250 deaths and mortality rate of 3.17%. 
" #Corona ist nur eine dornige Chance!" 
The government is making all efforts to ensure that the corona in India does not  an epidemic, but some people are not understanding the matter. And those who do not understand it are well known by people from all over India. #My_Money_My_Choice
Many places in India recording Zero postive cases in last 24 hours. This is good sign and hope Against corona outbreak. Let's follow lockdown and defeat it.
It’s 35 degrees today, If the sun rays doesn’t kill corona today then .... continue
One of the best ways to help us avoid #Corona #Stage3 - #CoverYourNose #Saathiko 
This adorable Lebanese girl's singing-in-quarantine is so lovely & light & very Fairuzesque. A rough translation from Arabic of the 1st bit: Corona oh corona / In your name [we're exhausted] / our loved ones & relatives / can't visit us anymore / Oh corona  
Modi: Pls donate money to fight Corona Sonia: Transfer money to organization I'm part of Modi: Thanks Doctors,police and medical workers. They are leading fight Sonia: Me and my son have saved Bhilwara not local administration... we'll take credit
Current #COVIDー19 prevention & patient care protocols. Chief of Pulmonary & Critical Care #Medicine, @EVMSedu. #StaySafe #Corona #CoronaUpdate 
Nice awareness campaign by the talented @KarthikVHere with the #Bigil girls, Reba and Amritha One of the best ways to help us avoid #Corona #Stage3 - #CoverYourNose 
Thirunelveli VMI is Continuously Supporting Police ! By Providing Masks , Water Bottles Etc And Now A Awareness Program Insisting The Social Distancing To  The Corona Crisis !! @NellaiVMI_Off #COVID__19  …
I accept this vital nomination! The Aarogya Setu App is an important weapon in fighting the Corona pandemic. I have downloaded this App. I nominate @sarbanandsonwal @imranirampal @chetrisunil11 @Pvsindhu1 @manikabatra_TT @AdnanSamiLive Download @SetuAarogya App and be  …
Why lockdown is important - India is doing very well than developed countries because of lock down. If the lockdown had not been implemented by PM Modi on time then the cases could have been more than 8 lakhs! Corona cases decreased by 41% due to lock down. #Lockdownextention
Bhopal's Health Department, led by its IAS Principal Secretary,  new corona hotspot; half city's cases linked to it. Stay safe, folks. No bravado. ⁦ @IASassociation⁩ ⁦ @IASfraternity⁩ ⁦  …
Congress President, Smt. Sonia Gandhi has time and again emphasised that the necessity of instituting meaningful Financial incentives for Corona Warriors as non-negotiable. 
Weddings this Corona season is the kinda wedding I would’ve wanted; no extravagant events, no too many guests ,no unnecessary traditional stuff, just one official seating with the essential people for the marriage contract.. ‘Yan uwa da abokan arziki saidai su rakamu da addu’a
Expect a lot of things to change KENYANS ...yes from politics , Business, governances, socialization after this Corona pandemic things will never be the same, Kenyans we must priorities our Health system It is time . Kenyans we shall  stay safe your healthy your future
84% blame #TabligiJamaat for rapid spread of Corona.. rest 16% are Tabhlighi Jamaat themselves  …
Meet Sameer Khan of Sagar, MP. He was mocking wearing of mask the other day, saying 'ye kapde ke mask par kya bharosa karna, karna bhi hai to upar wale par rakho'. He has now been found corona positive. Upar wala did not like his braggadocio. 
Aye @85SouthShow @ClaytonEnglish put on last night on the live  club @DCYOUNGFLY @KarlousM 
My debut in the @nybooks is a deeply personal diary-style dispatch chronicling life in the West Bank under corona and my never-ending guilt from being an absentee daughter, while also drawing on the long days and longer nights of the second intifada  …
So @DrPramodPSawant accepts #Corona Survey data will be useful in future. Future is 2022 Assembly Elections. Shame on Dirty Tricks of @BJP4Goa. @goacm silent on Financial Status of Goa. Silence on Ayurvedic Medicines on #Covid patients. No plans on Seafarers return. @INCGoa
Corona don makam cough and catarrh don run pipo! Ei don stay I hear as man tok say "some small cough and catarrh di worry me"
How will u do shooting pro #CoronaVirus when 50 or less will be allowed. U can cast @taapsee n secular artists as they think CORONA came from Quran. She writes ironical tweet to Defame INDIA. I think time  for virtual intimacy till we find corona vaccine  …
The single source secularism game continues!!! Everyone is trying so hard against Corona but single source is creating new hurdles everyday.
@jammusector @jkzonecrpf @crpfindia @DrAPMaheshwari // GC Bantalab has constructed 'Human Disinfectant Tunnel' in order to sanitize the personnels entering the campus using the 'QAC' chemical in wake of Corona virus outbreak// #IndiafightsCOVID19 #IndiaLeadsCovidWar 
If some one has triple infection like Malaria+ Chikengunia+Corona, what medicine be given? Ask @_sabanaqvi coz, she knows everything! #DumpFakeInformer
Mr. @rahulkanwal lets have it fair. Are you saying all old age homes, shelters run by governments, orphanages are also Corona hotspots. Or do you have some agenda to pursue only for madarsa where poor Muslim kids and orphans stay? @UmarKhalidJNU @SaifulJamia #PehleHealthCare
All 42 Kenyans quarantined at Pride Inn hotels RELEASED by the government. They were held there after the hotels withdrew services over unpaid bills. They have all tested negative from the corona virus.
A week has passed since Loten Nishad was murdered over  blaming Tablighi Jamaat for Corona. His brother Birju tells me heavy security still deployed in area “We are safe only so long as there is police in village,” he says  …
A viral post of Ratan Tata, Chairman of Tata  on the economy during Corona has been making rounds on social media. The post stated, "Experts are predicting huge down fall of Economy due to the Corona . I do not know much about these exp…  …
Putting your picture on donations is very narcissistic especially during these corona times.
We are rewriting and reshooting Bankers NGR Post Corona. RD warned me 2 years ago this would happen when were deciding whether to finish it or start Anjola. I think we are better story tellers now so back to d drawing board. Posted a 20 minute rough cut  …
My piece in @newslaundry today. I write about how female leaders are successfully tackling the corona pandemic globally. They prove that a nationalist can be calm, reasonable and govern without the crutches of demonisation and disinformation :)  …
Today is #InternationalPetsDay and I m blessed to be quarantined with my pets in this lockdown session. Please don't abandon your pets coz of Corona .... Pets  animals do not spread the virus. Remember it's humans so keep social distance from humans not animals. 
It gotta suck to be around 21 right now. Corona fucking up yo best hoe years
me and chuu are feeling the corona vibes #OrbitSelcaDay #Loona 
This is Corona virus "moving through the population" and families "taking it on the chin", as quipped by our inept prime minister on March 5th.  …
@HeroManoj1 garu please respond to this issue, this guy has infection in his leg and cured,but surgery is required on priority,govt Hospitals are ignoring to continue surgery bcoz of corona effect, he don't have any other source and he's financial statue is too low.pls help him 
Spring in the time of Corona. 
In an exemplary display of grit and determination, women corona warriors are instrumental in Odisha's war against coronavirus. These range from women holding key positions in the government to countless ordinary citizens. Please read the article for details.  …
NEW: DesiMojito to get Corona if he doesn’t gift blue label to The-Lying-Lama
My sweet auntie successfully beat Corona. HUGE win. Thank you Lord!
32 out of 41 samples declared Negative for @Supaul ,Rest 9 pending for result #corona update #IndiaFightsCorona
Hi @rahulkanwal, please send links to stories you have done on ruling party bigwigs flouting #corona #lockdown, or  #FakeNews news has resulted in assaults on and boycott of Muslims, wrecking their livelihoods. Or maybe these are not "stories that need to be  …
All this happening coz of those TikTok videos, People throwing stones at Health workers / cops who wanted to help them on Corona and yes all scared of markaz.  …
West Bengal Doctors Forum has asked for bare minimum proper facilities to treat a dreadful disease like #Corona #Bengal lacks even bare minimum health infra. It has only buildings called hospitals. CM forges data to maintain impeccable track record of her 
£100 billion #HS2 project, going on £200 billion, cancel it, redirect it towards recovery. Foreign aid £14 billion use it to rebuild our post Corona economy.... Time to start being sensible. #cancelhs2
I have downloaded the arogya setu app and I am very happy to get information about Corona virus. How many of you have downloaded the Arogya Setu application? #COVID__19 #coronavirus #IndiaFightsCorona #Lockdownextention
“We’ll link after corona” “I can’t wait to see you” “I miss you” 
#Breaking | 189 new Corona cases & 11 deaths have been reported in Mumbai. TIMES NOW's Aruneel with details. 
celebrities everyday since corona started 
102 Jamaatis were found in Chandni Mahal area, out of which 52 have tested Corona positive. But we must not raise such issue otherwise #Islamophobia badh 
One police officer. Called to 15 #COVIDー19 deaths. These would be *unreported* deaths, as only hospital deaths are reported. There are 120,000 police officers in the U.K. What is the *actual* number of home or care home Corona virus deaths in the U.K.?  …
Often the same people who deny the #climatecrisis downplay #Corona. They want us to ignore existential risks for the sake of short-term economic gain. With the climate crisis that is equally wrong but more detrimental.  …
The concept of merely a flu-like lethality rests on the idea that a large fraction of the population has Corona but without symptoms. Well, of 1500 randomly tested people in Austria, a mere 5 had Corona. (Remember the Austrian Alps were one of hot spots.)  …
How is it going for those people trying to make us believe #Corona is hardly worse than ordinary flu? Mortality in New York is double what it normally is.  …
Know what weekends are good for? Catching up on podcasts. This week we've had brilliant guests @Nigella_Lawson on food, @gabyhinsliff on working from home, @RoyLilley on the NHS and @alexisconran on Corona scams – plus @DavidLammy on the full-length  …
Refugees still continue to go through the worst of times as clearly brought out by the Corona crisis. With overcrowded mass housing and racism being major factors.Washing hands cannot solve a structural problem. No lagers for women and children. #socialdistancingisaprivilege
2,035 Americans died of the Wuhan corona virus yeterday. That's the most US deaths in any one day so far. On the good news side, that number is just over the number of deaths on each of the three previous days, as opposed to a significant increase.
I don’t think Manish Sisodia is a bigot. Far from it. But I do think it’s horrible that India Today is choosing to demonise Muslim children by calling Madrasas corona hotspots. Are they saying this for all old age homes, shelters run by governments, orphanages too?
In times of corona a clean and tidy car is more important than ever. Here are the most important tips for cleaning and disinfecting your car. #WeNotMe  …
Transport, Industries and Commerce Minister Shri @cmpatowary expresses his gratitude to all the Corona Warriors working round the clock to contain COVID-19 along with highlighting various initiatives taken by the Transport Dept. @mygovindia @sarbanandsonwal 
WAKE UP!!! Apple and Android phones will  with app that tracks who had Corona. Who needs “papers” when we have tech to track ya. Soros must be so happy to see Adolph’s dream continue
For all you liberals shocked and crying about "2,000 US" citizens dying a day from Corona virus. Maybe it’s time to say a prayer to your maker. There are 2362 abortions per day in the United States. Where’s your shock and outrage over this? Damn Hypocrites #Covid_19
Iran murders 36 prisoners for protesting corona virus  …
The Corona virus will not stop my bag
I am surprised that at this point, Indian media hasn't begun barging into Muslim homes and saying "look at how these Muslims are all gathered here in one place. Another corona hotspot? To discuss whether they deserve to live or not, join us on our debate tonight at 9 pm"
Very true as I’ve had a parent die with underlying issues. 89 yrs young, dementia for 5 years, on O2, COPD, etc. Not unexpected he passed but cause of death Corona.
me looking at how everything was before corona  …
Ghanaian Filmmakers, I’m producing a short Film to showcase the beauty of Ghana and motivate us to stay strong and united during this Corona Virus pandemic. If you’d like to contribute with footages pls shoot me a dm.
Good Friday in a Time of Corona - Paul Zahl  … via @mockingbirdmin. I am so grateful for you @PaulZahl - very thought provoking
More than 90 Professors Universities of Gujrat and Rajsthan had a brainstorming session with Shri @rammadhavbjp ji on the Corona crisis and Its challenges. The discussion took place on Zoom live. 
COVID TESTING: (1/3) Pakistan’s testing for Corona is “negligible” vs. other countries. Pakistan:18 people/100,000 Germany: 1,600/100,000 Italy & Australia: 1400/100,000 Canada & Korea: 1000/100000 This is why our no. are falsely low #COVID19outbreak #CoronaVirusPandemic
Bhakts will take this extension in lockdown as an opportunity to humiliate and attack Muslims in the name of corona. #COVID__19 #lockdownextension
The atmosphere and unity shown in the PMs video-conferences will not just help us triumph over the Corona pandemic, but also emerge as a global superpower. After all, even America has to source medicines from us!
+58 new cases in #TN today Total confirmed #Corona #COVID19 cases in TN at 969 now #TNFightsCorona
In  lock down period of India due to corona can you imagine 130 crore people of India are getting a chance to watch Shaktimaan together in their houses. In honour of Late Tom Alter Shaktimaan’s Mahaguru I would like to share few pictures of him. 
New post ANOTHER STRANGE CORONA VIRUS CONNECTION: THERANOS has been published on SGT Report -  
Livelihood of Gujjars from Jammu depends upon selling milk but Amid Covid19 they r harassed as Corona carriers which has adversely affected them Admin. should Provide them means to sell milk. Mere keeping milk in essential items won't serve purpose as end is useless without mean
Dear @narendramodi Sir! I am a Citizen Of AP,,I Request You to Didn't agree with Our Tuglaq CM's words, People Of AP Still Scared with Corona in all Districts, also Cases Was Increased Day by Day,,kindly i Request you Save AP from Corona,,Mostly Save AP from this Tuglaq things
They invented the corona virus to reduce the population, now everyone is inside having sex ... they will soon see the real population.
The real reason behind unmatchable immunity power led by higher rate of recovery in corona patients of Pakistanis is their attitude towards fear viz "Fear the Fear". Is it kind of therapy? 
Which Chief Minister in best handling the Corona pandemic?
Trumps Corona Virus Strategy Minimize Testing Don't record all the numbers Project Big numbers Display small statistics Declare Victory Its sick twisted and will never sit right with the majority of Americans
"In the current crisis [Stellar] supported charities with donations of 2.5 million XLM to fight the corona virus." Too bad they burned 50 billion tokens, they could have made a much larger donation. Not an XLM holder yet... but it's interesting  …
Xenophobia is as contagious as Corona, it can and will affect everyone, but there are good news: it can be treated, with good leadership  …
Corona a destroy everything All these plans
Thanking @TandonRaveena ji for her generosity in recognising the work done by youngsters in their fight against Corona. And thank you @anahad_ngo for making me a part of thia noble cause. May Bhagvati bless us with more zeal and more motivation to  …
#Corona FreemanMbowe to President Magufuli, "Lock down or get locked out!! 
My appeal to all is to follow lockdown, curfew rules, report if you have any symptoms, avoid going out and follow #SocialDistancing. #Corona can be defeated if all cooperate in abiding by the rules. It is for your own safety that you #StayHome. #COVID19Pandemic #राजस्थान_सतर्क_है
Disappointed in fair minded @rahulkanwal. Journalists mustn’t play to dog-whistle religious prejudice in a public health crisis #COVID__19 . How about an investigation into how Madhya Pradesh healthcare’s been pushed to brink of #corona disaster by politicians’ lust for kursi?  …
 … If good music hits you it heals corona virus.... This tune is classic trust me...click on the link above and download good music...please let's help me RT to set a trend... @mreazi @3y3_b3l3_a @Jon___Kay @Mr_Awlime @Derrick9966 @BaseAfricaTV_Gh
#TabhleegiJamaat done #CoronaJihad successfully. So time for a party by Muslim journalist for future curse and syappa against @narendramodi ji. Due #Corona_Jihad lockdown will extended at least two weeks. Whole country will suffer due these rabid and wild  …
Crime is out of control in Toronto And 2000 criminals have just been let out of jail But Sanctuary City John Tory wants police to go after Corona Hysteria deniers $1 Million fine and 3 years in jail Mayor Tory wants to see more tickets  …
First of all Client tiko Corona secondly, Yahoo boys no dey twitter, they are on IG, where they can flaunt their fake life, cars, chains and designer clothes  …
Muslims are objecting to usage of Tablighi or Markaz and to use "Single Source" .. I also object to the use of "Pandemic"... It is offensive to the "Pande" caste  as a whole... as if Corona originated from Pandes... @Timesnow @Republic @Indiatoday @PMOIndia
I'm missing Bali so much! I'm going Bali once when Corona virus is over 
63% of all CORONA Virus cases across the country are directly related to Tabhligi Jamaat . Still 500 of them are absconding although some are caught in Delhi, Bhopal Till the Nizamuddin incident was exposed, the war against CORONA in INDIA was almost WON #IndiaFightsCorona
Hat Trick: I am 55 but right now I am happy like a child. Today is the third straight day that our state of #Uttarakhand has not reported any #Corona positive cases. This is as per 5 PM bulletin of 11/4. Also hope there will be no more bulletins later today!
Our health workers are working beyond the call of duty to take care of us. We salute them for their professionalism, dedication, and sacrifice. This is a story of a Corona patient, about the care and facilities at Mardan District Hospital 
Doctors & paramedics in a hospital in Pakistan having a light moment with patients in tough #Corona situation. #COVID__19 #Covid_19 #CoronavirusPandemic #StayHome 
As I type this I still have a little trouble with breathing. The doctor told me it will require 1-2 more weeks for my lungs to recover. I had pneumonia in both lungs plus the corona virus. Again to thank the nurses and staff at South Shore. They truly are remarkable people .
#CoronavirusCrisis | These women corona warriors include those holding key positions in the govt and countless ordinary citizens. (By  …
This woman’s narration of how Africans are being unfairly ejected from their homes in China due to the Corona Virus scare on #TV3NewDay is heartbreaking.I’m glad the Foreign Affairs Ministry is acting on it. Watch video here  
From Ghazipur Chicken & Egg Mandi my #Mojo report on how Fake news has destroyed the Poultry Industry. Sales plummet over mistaken belief that chicken/eggs linked to #Corona. Losses pegged at 1100 crores a week since February. Dont let Myths hit more livelihoods. Watch, Share 
The Most Important thing happening to your life right now is that you are ALIVE!!! @SadhguruJV #Corona 
This would be all of us when Corona Virus lock down ends 
I've been critical of journalists for corona virus coverage and I probably need more nuance here. First, I love journalists. I really do. They are great people to spend time. Dinner. Drinks. Great stories. I don't want this to be personal. This is a professional issue 1/n
My love turned one yesterday and we couldn’t even have a gathering of more than 25.. damn corona. I love her to bits though! Got to save plenty! 
The corona crisis is giving the Earth a  break from the stresses of human-induced noise, pollution & the destruction of nature. Perhaps it's time to turn our backs on the fast-pace consumerist materialism of modern western societies and reconnect with nature & each other? 
#IndianCFVsAmidCorona How is it possible that Indian Army try to violate ceasefire And it's not retaliated.. What did u think if army is on fight with Corona Did we forget #kashmir No ... Not all.. Lo, n behold the 
I wanna know why @YouTube is so against videos containing the words covid-19 or corona? Can you elaborate why? It’s LITERALLY something that is happening in the world and we are all experiencing it some way or another. It’s relevant to current news and topics.
Nipah, 2018 - 'beef eating antinationals' Defeated Nipah, moved on Flood of the century, 2018-19 - 'beef, ISIS, antinationals' Overcame in style Corona, 2020 - 'Chinese virus, Gulf' Defeating it, country to follow Kerala model Yes fools, our state rocks & our government cares 
Update status #covid19 #covid19nl for the Netherlands All charts (almost daily updated)  … #corona 
A friendly suggestion to the ones that ask for assistance here on Twitter. Kindly clean your fridge even if it's empty, cupboard & floor first before taking a pic. Hygiene also prevents the spread of Corona virus, atleast we're all at home. Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Reşo chilling out in between bouts of incoherent barking and chasing our neighbours. Lockdown hasn't affected him much because we live in the middle of nowhere and have no fence. #dogsduringlockdown #corona 
Kerala model may be adopted by country...! - Central Govt. Really proud moment for Kerala Govt & people. Let's fight Corona together & we will   …
At 5,000 corona cases, US, Spain and China had fewer deaths than India
Three cheers for politicians calling for cycle-friendly facilities in our post-corona world How about we start trying now with more bike lanes and wider footpaths like other cities?  …
It is officially Hayfever season kmt. Remember sneezing is not a symptom of corona so please allow me and my fellow Hayfever sufferers to suffer in peace. Let us sneeze in public without passing judgement, scarning or sending us to hospital. Cheers
BBC, how much diversity training to give you? - Can no dads talk about parenting during Corona?  …
Is Qatar trying to get rid of Corona by putting bukhor in the atmosphere? The smell is so unreal omg
2 more corona cases reported
21 foreigner Tablighis traveled from Delhi to Tamil Nadu to Mumbai There they hid in Moqsue, didnt appear to get tested SI led an operation & got them all arrested, but got corona positive in the process. But as per secularism telling this  but what they did isn't.
Primary school  back to school after corona ended in the year 2040 
Happy birthday Aunin sir, enjoy your anti-corona cake
Nigerians: Saturday are for weddings.Feel free to lick your screen Corona: 
100k+ deaths due to corona and just wanna remind yall k namaz parhlein isse phele apki namaz parhi jaye.
The British foreign secretary takes the time to reassure its jihadist allies in #Syria that Britain is giving their interests priority over everything else and will not allow anything including the severe #corona crisis to distract the UK from pursuing the regime change agenda.  …
I've not seen a single Brexiter wish a remoaner catches corona virus. I have however seen many remoaners wish Brexiters would catch it. And that's the difference you see. Many remoaners are spiteful and full of hate because they lost a democratic vote.
Our health workers are working beyond the call of duty to take care of us. We salute them for their professionalism, dedication, and sacrifice. This is a story of a Corona patient, about the care and facilities at Mardan District Hospital 
Interacted in a video conference with d leaders of MSMEs of Telangana & AP to discuss about #COVID19 impact on the Industry. They gave suggestions for strengthening d MSMEs and also appreciated PM @narendramodi Ji's decision of declaring lockdown so as to stop d spread of #Corona 
It's high time someone put this together. When the corona crisis is over and businesses open back up, we should, as  make  to supporting local producers and entrepreneurs, especially Catholics who attempt to implement the Social Teaching of the Church.  …
Corona Rage ratcheting up ... Washington DC Police having trouble keeping the social distance rule that is in place .. 
Every few years, pundits describe some significant event as leading 2 “new normal” —what normal might emerge in Education after Corona? Can we go back 2 way we were? Will kids want school as it existed in their prior lives? Will we? What will we learn? What will we change? Keep?
NCDC allow my phone to rest.. Abi na me carry Corona enter Nigeria???
#MahiraSharma says "I’m spending my #quarantine time with my pet Duggi". She appeals to her fans to be kind to animals says animals are safe from the #COVID_19 virus. @MahiraSharma_ #actress #bollywood #entertainment #television #coronavirus #corona #covid19 
Dear @myogiadityanath Ji  will move out of China. Pl announce measures to  them in UP. Someone will have to work on the policy while fight with Corona and Jamat is on.
Kenyatta University students have innovated ventilators which they hope will help towards treatment of Corona virus . credits 
1/2. #Indian provocation amidst Corona crisis, is alarming. Delhi feels emboldened to goad Pakistan into a response. This perception #Delhi has gathered from regional sitauation: It feels strategically unconstrained by world fighting #COVID-19 & sponsor of .
Who really believes 5ghz is what causing corona virus? Lmk so i can block you
Just so Corona Virus will know we've not forgotten about Football I Rep Manchester united Which team do you rep ...
Fishtown fighting corona. One pump at a time. #philly #coronavirus #fishtown 
Imagine. Immune to corona but now your child randomly screams “AYO BITCH” and barks like DMX
Seeing lots of tweets about getting hobbies and new skills during Corona virus , if you can teach me how to knit "a piss off I'm just trying to keep my son calm and get some sleep" scarf .I may be interested
Together with @UNRWA & @PARDLebanon we distributed disinfection kits to #Palestinian #refugees in south #Lebanon, with support of @ECHO_MiddleEast & @NorwayMFA. The kits consist of chlorine, soap, measuring cups & leaflets about how to protect yourself from #Covid19. #corona 
Left claims to be intellectually stimulated but fails to understand primary-school science! Virus will spread exponentially in absence of #SocialDistancing.We oppose Tablighi bcoz of their action, while Left supports Tablighi bcoz of their Religion! Guess, who's rational! #Corona 
#Palestinian children from the Beyt Rima #Ramallah , gave flowers to security members who are struggling to prevent the spread of the Corona virus in #Palestine . #CoronavirusPandamic #SobatPalestinaINA 
Maharashtra Cop, Who Nabbed 21 Foreign Tablighi Jamaat Members Hiding in a Mos@ue, Tests Positive for Corona Virus  …
I thought the brand Ambassador of Maharashtra Government was Wadhawan family in this fight against #Corona. Did the UNESCO -certified CM speak about how Shri Wadhawan was also showing the way to the country in these tough times of  …
Good morning to everyone but the corona virus!!
Abdul Salam, MPA from Mardan, who successfully defeated Corona Virus recently, pays a special tribute to doctors and front line workers of Pakistan 
I have this love hate relationship with corona virus ..so sad and heartbroken for all the people dying yet so grateful to be with my family bonding .. happy for the earth healing ..I just wish people don’t have to die in the process
At our party level... We announce a Balochistan Awami Party fund for Corona, which at party level shall help and assist people in Rations, help, assistance and rest at Provincial and also at national level.
Hello @HMOIndia @DelhiPolice this chunavala suffering from acute CV take him to quarantine pls Verbal Corona bhi hai
Immune to corona but now you’re blind
Proud to be on the Advisory Board of the @nwspk Corona Virus Tech Handbook  They need librarians, editors & translators
Just Incase you want to buy a laptop or device like me during this lockdown just contact @Alegadgets . They’ll deliver it to your house . Corona Dey no mean say you no fit still enjoy small.
We have to win this war by taking it up as our own fight, this fight against Corona Virus is for everyone of us to fight; whether you have a MBBS degree or you don’t, you still have great part in this. Let’s honour our heroes who’re protecting us from this virus! 
As the UK death figures overtake Italy & Spain, the media have switched from the 'absolute tragedy' of Corona to 'this is proof the Governments strategy works' The MSM must be thoroughly overhauled.
We are used to parte after parte . After Corona, where the party at? Cuz we will step clean . #stopthevirusfrspreading. 
Exactly this! If you're too blind to see how this country needs #MedicareForAll given what Corona virus has done, you're out of touch & privileged. If You Can’t Support Medicare For All by Now,  a Republican  … #NeverSurrender #NotMeUs
Latest #FridaySermon delivered by #KhalifaofIslam Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad (Head of the #Ahmadiyya Muslim Community). "The Corona Pandemic : Our Duties and Responsibilities" #COVID__19  …
Govt should announce some relief package for middle class also who does not cover under BPL or not registered anywhere for govt scheme and their  has affected due to corona. Middle class always pays their taxes honestly. Now it’s their time to get some relief. 
I once said that this corona pandemic thing could be that God is trying to tell Africans to wake up and take charge if it's own problems
#FakeNewsAlert #Indian Channel @aajtak claims Wife of Prime Minister #ImranKhan is corona positive. Infected by driver. Servant also infected. This is #Stupid and Totally false news #Shameful 
Today is #WorldParkinsonsDay. At last. A day when I can stop worrying about Corona Virus, and worry about my own incurable illness instead. My @BBCRadio4 appeal on behalf of @CureParkinsonsT is on Easter Sunday at 7.54am and 9.25pm. Please listen and RT. A cure would be nice.
Loads of cyclists and cycling families taking advantage of quieter roads - this development HAS to be part of the list of things we attempt to embed and consolidate post-corona #cycling @dublincycling #cyclingfamilies 
Kenyatta university Makes ventilators to help fight corona virus.
A bit of Education in this corona moments would do us all a world of good... #StayAtHome #staysafe #COVID19Ghana #CoronaVirusUpdates #lockdown #lockdownextension #legoncitiesfc 
A rare pic of "how fast corona was tryna get to Africa"... 
Haters will say it’s because of Corona but this is Facts! 
There were 5 corona cases (all youngsters) in two of the streets linked to my house. 4 out of these 5 have recovered themselves by self-quarantine. These numbers never came on the record. And these are just two streets. I wonder what the real numbers of Covid-19 are right now?
Post corona, we gonna need  to find a new gimmick. Minstrelly dressing up as woman is done.  …
Fuck Corona 
A weird thought struck me reading about Ireland's PM who will work as a doctor during the corona crisis – If our's with his degree in ‘EntirePoliticalScience’ wud've been a Doctor with a degree in ‘Entire Medical Science’… Gosh… Maybe this lockdown's started to affect me!
Many of us @issnl have signed this Manifest of 170 scientist to urge using the Corona crisis for a greener future - manifest is in Dutch  via @trouw
Just to emphasize, this is just *one* estimate, and we don't have the full picture yet. Certainly, corona is still a terrible disease that deserves a strong policy response, including reducing infectiousness and safeguarding the vulnerable
Interesting: A new study suggests that the corona death rate is similar to the flu. The reason hospitals are overflowing could be that it has "crammed the equivalent of a year’s worth of flu cases into one week"  …  
This poor fella has had his life destroyed. He advocates for OAPs to die of corona virus. Bless him.! Hope his psychiatrist can help him through his life being destroyed.! 
In this wide-ranging "must listen" Ep 11 of Transforming India, @Krishna_Pravin & I speak with Sajjid Chinoy of @jpmorgan on economic policy in the age of Corona. @timesofindia @ColumbiaSIPA @JohnsHopkinsSAIS  …
No one expected Gary Locke to make a cameo in a Trump ad—no one, including Gary Locke, and it seems, the Trump campaign.” But the former Washington governor says the way it happened demonstrates racism about the Trump campaign and Trump’s corona response.  …
The Corona virus in Nigeria is different from the one in other countries .... Instead of COVID-19 , ... The one we have is COVID-419 ....
First weekend after corona hivi ndo tutatoka disco 
Kenyatta University students have innovated homemade ventilators which they hope will help towards treatment of Corona virus while UON are still throwing stones. #MasculinitySaturday
Since when does the ANC care about lives? Crime in this country kills more people in one day than Corona does in one month and they conveniently look the other way and focus their energy on looting.
A little Corona with Lyme? 
Doing a birthday stream cause.. Corona. We'll be drinking too if you want to join (not for a couple of hours at least) Stream should start in the next 20-40 minutes.  
Ahhh what does THAT mean? Did WHO have something to do with the UNLEASHING of The Corona this time ???????! How scary is this ?  …
Some of you weren’t even making money before corona & your out ere  about it
A #UAE school group launches a virtual counselling platform for parents struggling to handle distance learning #StayHome #Together_against_Corona #DedicationAtWorkSafetyAtHome 
Literally crying, haven’t seen him since lockdown happened and  and drops this round (at social distance of course) a ‘corona/Easter care package’ 
I will agree to a corona virus immunity ID as soon as every illegal is kicked out, every immigrant who is legal has ID and every voter must show said ID. I will also require that every immigrant do what al other countries require: learn the language, get a job.  …
Im not even checking shit on corona anymore. Kinda just like, over it.... don’t wanna know shit to do with it anymore, just let me know when it’s done.
This is long overdue:our sincere thanks to all those reporters-- more so the girls-- on the roads/streets day and night to cover the Corona crisis with all risks from +ve patients/angry cops/uncooperative citizens and nvr ending critiques in social media:)) RT
I have a good friend that called the ambulance for himself a few days ago. He thought he was dying of Corona. They tested him, and thank God it came back negative. It was actually the flu. They gave him Tamiflu and sent him home. He is recovering well. (1)
Once all this corona stuff ends Who's up for a rescue mission to Japan Bring one of these things home by any means possible  …
okay so i have found this video from august where issie mentions about going on lockdown , did she predict corona ... 
Medical staffs need to release some stress too RIP Corona Virus 
Oh ffs Ross. Give your mediocre career a rest during the Corona crisis
#Breaking | BMC starts 17 news testing centres in Maharashtra as Corona scare intensifies. | 
24 #Jamatis found in a mosque by Nepal Police and Health officials in Birgunj bordering India. Three of them found #Corona +ve in 1st test, awaiting 2nd report From Kathmandu. Birgunj under 
Germany gets a reputation for handling Corona well but if that is true it does explicitly not include massively underpaid foreign labour.  …
i would rather get corona than having to see u simp on every girl on twitter
Doctors the world over are prescribing a Narendra modi Press Conference to their Corona patients, but the poor victims aren't getting it. India will begin exports shortly. :(
New @WEPsocial call for papers for a Special Issue on "The Corona Crisis in Europe: Reactions, Consequences, Lessons", edited by Klaus H. Goetz, @dm_martinsen & Wolfgang C. Müller. Expressions of interests are due 6 May. Manuscripts are due 15  …
Not only is Booksmart the best and you should watch it, but the leads are even social distancing in this gif. #responsible #corona 
Youth Alliance Against Corona @YAAC2020 appreciates the efforts and dedicated work of Abhishek Verma ( @Abhishek4_BJP) #KanpurCoronaWarriors Such dedication of Youths in the country in fight against corona needs to be applauded.  …
I can’t wait to see something like “The world is corona free” trendingLord let your will be done
12/ The 5g conspiracy is multifaceted. In its crudest form, some people believe it causes corona, but some are about how China wants to sabotage 5g rollout in the US, others are that the lockdown is a pretext to install 5g across the world. Mindbending stuff #coronavirus
Another proof that WB Govt. is fudging the actual numbers of Corona affected as well as dead.  …
Adam King #Corona 
When the dumb people share bullshit this fall, stand by: "Benghazi!! Hardly anybody died of Corona! Lock him up!!" 
Download Aarogya Setu App and build a firewall around you against the Corona Virus! Keep yourself safe, make India safer. 
19 yr old daughter putting in an extra 13 hour shift today on the Corona ward - So proud but so scared for these front line workers NHS 
Can our CM guarantee that Corona can't be spreaded other than in red zone areas ? He is only looking for  and not lives  …
Another serious issue !! More important than Corona jokes !!  …
104 test positive for #Corona out of 534 test conducted in Sindh. % is the highest around the world!Protect yourself and others.V r entering a decisive phase & if v refrain from going out & practice social distancing, we  out of this pandemic victorious IA
I know I’m not allowed to use this word but corona virus is... 
