I love HPU so much, I really do, but the food the caf has been serving this past week is just unacceptable. The students pay far too much money to be eating food of this quality. It’s usually not this bad, but it’s gone too far. Let’s please be better
-Finally, gender parity among soldiers responsible for bombing hospitals, schools, and apartment buildings will be achieved by 2030!
LETS GOOOOOOOO IT CAME 
That hydra facial was just what my skin needed 
Pops had his heart catheter today & afterwards the doctor told us that double or triple bypass needed to be done. He’ll be moved to KU Med Center tomorrow & I asked for continued prayers! So many of you on Twitter have  like family & I appreciate EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU!
Congrats to Coach Milford and the boys tonight. Heading to Upper  …
My doctor told me today that carbohydrates are killing everyone in this country and that was not an optimistic statement.
When I’m fucking up, it’s important to remind myself of the things I am doing well. Even if they’re small, the matter a whole damn lot. For me, loving accountability never looks beating myself up. It looks like acknowledging my shit, naming its impact, forgiving myself.
DEVELOPMENTAL PROGRAM!!! @CoachCollins #NFL Legacy @GeorgiaTechFB #biGTime 
my face. 
Can the term "Mary Sue" just be eradicated from critical vocabulary, people get it wrong, so wrong, omg, so wrong,  woman gets slapped with the "Mary Sue" label, people stick that label on characters who aren't all the time, please make it stop
the greatest man on 
when kid cudi hits that first hum 
YALL ARE NOT I REPEAT ARE NOT TAKING THIS AWAY FROM MIDNIGHT
i thought it was a fall out boy song
You can’t force nobody to see that you a blessing. You just gotta let em miss out
Geddings Award (Overall Student-Athlete) And the #WUSPYS Award goes to... @WingateVB All-American & Academic All-America honoree Anna 
Brendan Laird - Conneaut Area, PA  to Mount Union! SQ In the #PFRdatabase. @UMUWrestling; @brendanlaird22;  …
Your #UCP. Cheat under police investigation makes cheap shot at man for riding bike to  …
ATTENTION ANYONE I will bless you by the taking u out to dinner and paying, as long as you buy me a Bentley or Telsa.
Day 1 of our Teacher Appreciation Week raffle! Our teachers won gift cards to Royal Tern, The Tomato Shed, and Sunrise Bistro! We also had some clothing items and a lamp! 
Didn’t the Little Leader teach him a new pitch? Tv just called Sale outing great, got through 7. New  …
AD: Join us at 9p ET tonight for the #StartingIsBelieving Twitter Party with @FloridaPrepaid Come chat about saving for college. Plus, we're giving away 4 tickets to @LEGOLANDFlorida and other prizes too! Info & RSVP:  
If you don't like Hotel California by Eagles, I don't like you
It’s time for @TheCW_Legends! 
ya girl is a gilman scholarship recipient!!!!!!!!!!
Some gay dudes be so bitchy, like ok we get it I take it in my ass too
This is amazing  …
hello it’s me and uh, I just wanted  on here to say that my first year of college really kicked my ass. thx for listening.
Good evening 
I’m about to drop out of nursing school and join the military ... LET ME TELL YOU HOW MANY TIMES I CRY A WEEK
Gas exchange is better than fluid exchange don't @me #NephJC #pulmcc
Just gonna leave this here Bc never gonna wear this out in public w/o 
Am i the only one who gets emotional when Armin and Hange get appreciation cause - gosh ! I know they’re not a lot of people’s absolute favs but they deserve so much love !
#NASCAR gets it right... A review of Talladega.  
really cant stop drawing moomin huh! anyways lesbians with a headcanon that snufkin helps ninny make flower 
My (coffee) cup runneth over today as @EricLeutheuser and I were guest baristas at the Hillsdale @BIGGBYCOFFEE for B Kind Day. Flowers were given to customers, and many more were donated to local seniors. THANK YOU to owners Brandy and Brett Boyd. Hillsdale’s lucky to have 
Im so damn afraid to be in a relationship. I be pushing everyone away as soon as i start catching feelings. Im such a shitty girl
Seniors y’all better start saving up now, y’all gotta pay for textbooks, scantrons, oxygen....y’all get the point.
The power of Person is found in likeness to Jesus Christ – not in brilliance, gifting, knowledge, position, verbal power, reputation or fame. Power is found in a mere person who has flung open the corridors and closets of their life so they are full of the light and love of God. 
We were promised flying cars. We got the return of ancient diseases instead
Man beats driving ticket by saying he was eating McDonald's hash brown  
always thought this video was too long for twitter but its cute 
twitter i need your help LMAO this kid dropped my japanese class and i had the biggest crush on him pls help me find him thanks 
cop being forced to choose between his job and his tiktok account drinking alone at applebees
Extraordinary scenes in the Lords debate today discussing @HMRCgovuk powers and the retrospective #LoanCharge It is clear that the upper house thinks the legislation is wrong and should be  …
EXCUSE MT SCREAMS PLW IM SO 
ppl on twitter: a mildly amusing anecdote there, v good anyone who's had the misfortune of  at an aftersesh: jfc how many times can u repackage the same story
He like me cause I’m chill but I’m still a big deal 
Jay is back and ready to wreck your bias list and heart. 
OOOOO-OOP! Proud to be a Woman of the greatest sorority ever Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated 
.⁦ @NYGovCuomo⁩ U ARE A HIDEOUS LIAR!!! The NRA does NOT sell guns, u lying moron!! How about protecting lives of infants before u attack a civil liberties org aimed at protecting our Constitutional rights! #NRA4Life #2ADefender ⁦  …
Another way of putting this is that there are certain moral insights that seem obvious to us today but were not obvious to our ancestors. We have no right to feel superior to them because we did not earn these insights. They are just part of our culture.
Mike Soroka is in control through 3 innings with one run 
One wonders of @AndrewScheer can do anything but  and obfuscate. Whatever happened to the “ border crisis” or the “ mole in the Liberal party”? Each day Andrew manufactures a new crisis and offers no cogent solution.  …
You know, I’ve said it before and I’m going to say it again. Tyler and Josh care so much about their fanbase it’s insane. Imagine being as famous as they are and still doing the utmost for US. Just as simple as them having fanart as their icons shows who they truly are. We stan.
But I was told Elizbaeth Warren was a bloodless neoliberal who doesn't believe in confronting bad actors or making mass  …
It’s happening! @duffgoldman baked 826LA a special cake and you can catch all the action on Tonight’s episode of #DuffTakesTheCake at 10|9c on  …
Your inability to admit you were wrong on something this big is telling. You said month after month he'd be fired. Now your entire circle trying to hide their crappy analysis. This is fun as hell. I can hardly wait till Horowitz and Huber show Sessions was also a  …
Instead of following up the continuing revelations on #Watergate they are leaving it well alone and even Tony Windsor has spoken of an #ABC protection racket for Barnaby Joyce. Greg Jennett has worked to close down discussion. #Election2019 #auspol
Best losing your QB, RB, REC and LT in free agency distraction tactic in the history of the  …
R.I.P @Venandiii always supported the stream & one of the most genuine people I have met online. I'll never forget when I helped him with the costs from his sickess about a year ago. The world really does take the best people :/
Don’t let Billie Eyelash see this  …
YEAR OF THE JET TAKING OFF IN 
streets need  …
So crazy how someone can be here one day and gone the next. Yall be sure you tell your friends n family you love them.
#Hokies offer big man John Ojiako. Definitely could help replenish the  …
@all of my RMU friends...  say bye to me before you leave for the summer because I’m really going to miss you guys
254= JOHN KENNEDY JR IS 
Let me leave these here! 
~ENDGAME SPOILER...... Mermaid Man and Barnacle boy kill Thanos
"I want to thank the student musicians who have provided the beautiful melodies for these past 37 
Dude............. I’ve never been more nervous! #jeopardyjames barely makes it out of today! I’m also upset for Adam on the end who earned $53,999 and goes home with $2,000, kinda feels like a 
All of the trays and a very special dice tower for #RelicsandRarities were made by the incredible  Their style is so cohesive with the show and they recently made me something truly beautiful. I'm not a gak girl so they made me this instead... I'm so 
Hi, I’m Michelle, I’m an Illustrator and Designer, you can view my work at  
Haven’t seen it on the TL yet 
Ladies. I know it feel good. But do not let these niggas cum in you. Make them pull out
umed a des uked 
No one has climbed the ladder of success from his prep days at Pulaski County through his playing days as a Wildcat like Reggie. The perfect advice for young student/athletes and those who coach them is right here.  …
Just because someone doesn’t talk about every aspect of their personal life on their social media doesn’t mean there isn’t a whole lotta heavy shit going on behind the scenes. Something to be aware of the next time you’re demanding someone’s attention.
So who’s trying to go see Endgame again?
How 1970s Marvel Comics Shaped the Career of Artist JH Williams III | News | 
pretty please with a cherry on top 
What a wretched smear  …
girls who use pinky promises as a form of trust radiate mega wife energy.
I just saw a trailer for the movie "Tolkien" Is it wrong I secretly hope the movie is 9 hours long, and that in the first 5 minutes, someone asks "So what are you working on?" and it just breaks into a full run of LotR.
Official inflation numbers are an out and out lie told to mislead us. True inflation means GDP is negative. Behavior changes when recession is known. So Fed won't admit recession, but we're obviously in one now. Stock market is a financialized illusion. Not = 2 economy or reality
If you feel the need to bring your bestfriend down to impress others, you dont deserve friends
Tracklist: 1. Spaceschneider - Criminal Jazzo (Variations) [0.00 min - 17.00 min] 2. Ibrahim Maalouf - Beirut (Spaceschneider SessionDry Groove) 3. Pendulo -  …
Wohl again. The most inept right wing dirty trickster in  …
this is seokjinnie energy as fuck BTS #BBMAsTopSocial @BTS_twt 
no argument here. Tony Pollard’s role/effectiveness is going to be a big part of how I evaluate Kellen  …
New beginnings! Thank you @CarterRamsFB for the opportunity! Rams secondary being Great is the only option! Let’s work! #BrakeCrew 
Sorry about my latest tweet, didn’t know the fully meaning by what I said, wanna apologize to every Liverpool fans who took offense from it, thank you.
30 SUBS TO GO We’ve literally gone up 65 since last night. Can we make it the final 
Even putting nail polish on is weird to me now ever since someone said “imagine you die rn, whoever does your ghusl would have to spend time taking your nail polish off beforehand which would be so much more difficult to do when you’re ice cold” - after that day I was like  …
Billboard Hot 100 #80. Hey Look Ma, I Made It - @PanicAtTheDisco (+16) [2 weeks]. *new 
Getting emo this early 1M in ~15hours? It was frustrating to not hit 1M in 24h during the previous cb and now we've improved like this Step by step. Slowly but surely #NUEST #뉴이스트 #BET_BET
just afriendly reminder that event life has a small circle & if u do a bad job/have a bad attitude, word travels fast even amongst  no matter how big/small ur role, it’s so easy to mess up ur future career in this world if u fk up one gig.
How can you NOT love @HarrisPastides? I’m sure gonna miss moments like this 
What is WRONG WITH YOU!?!?!? If you don't cut the channel to #LHHATL RIGHT NOW!!! RT if you're tuning 
Let me clarify. "You don't have to agree" means you tolerate and support their decision even if you don't truly understand it. No one can understand or agree with everything people do. But if you tolerate it and show Respect for their decision, its an act of  …
A message from the newest member of the Gens 
I.O.I representatives stated they're indeed have a discussion regarding reunion plan but nothing has yet been decided  also still checking news of their appearance in KCON US on August as the event full lineup has yet been announced  
Hello
Lazada ewallet is a big  …
"There is nothing more tragic than to find an individual bogged down in the length of life devoid of breath." - Martin Luther King Jr.
So proud of @ahmard_harvey for signing his NLI with @CoastalMBB ! Went from getting cut from his Bahamian HS team less than 3 years ago to receiving a full scholarship to attend a D-1 program! What hard work, perseverance and sacrifice will get you!!! 
BTS ARE IN LAS VEGAS. BTS HAS ARRIVED SAFELY IN LAS VEGAS. LAS VEGAS ARMY CAN YOU BREATHE THAT? THAT CRISP FRESH AIR?? BANGTAN ARE HERE AND READY TO SLAY THE 2019 BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial @BTS_twt
I’m at @ElizabethMay & @kidderjohn’s wedding reception in Ottawa. Congratulations to the happy couple! Many MPs, senators and cabinet ministers from all parties. 
It’s about that time! Is everyone ready for #Shadowhunters?! We don’t think we are, but we will be here for each other as always. 
I’m gutted to hear of the passing of John Singleton. The genius he demonstrated in his early 20s was breathtaking & extraordinary..it continued w/brilliant filmmaking & creativity w/every project throughout his career! R.I.P.  …
when you find a better, duo let me 
have muted so many ppl over the years that rudely live tweet GOT and I’m so excited to finally never un-mute them
Metal Sonic - this time with reference! Yes I'll be coloring 
it’s ruhmored that speakyourself tour will be FOUR 
If your doggie needs a confidence boost, wrap them up in a blanket and take them through every aisle at @PetSmart. Cue the awwwws. And don’t forget to donate to @PetSmartChariTs when you cash out. 
when you tryna have fun and the person you’re with is in a bad mood, it just kills the whole vibe.
Not long to go!!  …
#JimInNews 190430 BTS Jimin, Amy's pick for his best charm is his dance line According to the results of TopStarNews voting: BTS Jimin's best charm is the dance line, supported by 1,392 Armys, 42％ in proportion  … #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt 
I’m always appreciative of people who are willing to give honest & direct feedback. Pay attention if you have someone in your life that is willing to tell you the truth! If it hurts, it’s a reminder the ego is in the way. Take suggestions, make corrections & keep moving forward!
I'm curious, how are the Democrats going to match the number of attendees who attend Trump's rallies? There's no way they can trump Trump & the #of Patriots who attend his rallies. No way.
I’m jus ready for a new start in life.. I’m only getting older
Are you guys tracking the #ReleaseTheSnyderCut hashtag?
DON'T RUN ON @BLAKEANNFRITSCH :  
. @ClintBowyer to @stoolpresidente “I follow you and you are the worst gambler I’ve ever seen” This is a MUST watch video  …
How the lil voice in my head know all the lyrics when I dont
how is jacob wohl not behind  …
So blessed to be your mommy I love you my beautiful princess 
At the end of the day it’s all gratitude and glory to the man upstairs
Nothing to see 
Who is ready? #Shadowhunters #ShadowhuntersChat (Currently jamming to the ghostbusters tune)
When you step in something wet with your socks 
STEPHEN 
Hi everyone What's has been going 
Dear ADN, You are my family away from home. I will not say goodbye because I know you'll always be constantly around, HT or not; and you'll be here in my heart always. So till we see each other again??? #ALDUBxADNThankYou PROUD ALDUBNATION TeamOAT FinalBow
“cryptography justifies #cryptocurrency in the same way that transistors justify crystal healing”  …
She's got electric boobs a mohawk too You know I read it in a magazine, no oh Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets -nailed that shit
Saguaro High School Football Alumni & now Arizona Cardinals teammates Byron Murphy & Christian Kirk will be together again this Saturday May 4 signing autographs & taking pictures at the free Agent Sports Store in Paradise Valley Mall starting at 2:30pm  
It's Songchelin guide day today! So here's happy Yunhyeong passing thru your timeline reminding you to watch it later 
look at his lil dance  be my teacher... LOVE that for 
you say she’s scared of me?
. ✹ . reach for the stars · · ˚ . conrads ✫ ˚ ✧ * . ✫ ✹ · ˚ ˚ ✫ . . . 
according to your zodiac sign you have to aries \ taurus gemini \ cancer leo \ virgo stan billie eillish libra / scorpio sagittarius / capricorn aquarius / pisces
“This makes it so easy!” was the quote of the day! A wonderful day of training students and teachers @StBernadette5 on Read&Write @texthelp as a #UDL strategy. ((MAKE IT A HABIT)) @LDCSB @JDesjardinsON @asetOntario 
If you got a chance to make it out don’t get caught up in a small town mindset.
No the purpose is to be sure that if they refuse a treatment, they are willing to put that refusal in writing, because if they aren’t, they need to rethink why they are refusing it.
Doin a little pickin tonight at 9 at Southern Billiards/Cowboys 
Straight people: This is what happens when you use the word “partner.”  …
A student made fun of me for wearing a helmet as I bike to and from school. Like, imagine believing your head is tougher than concrete.
This is why the DNC is working around the clock to ensure our eventual nominee has the resources to replace Trump and the GOP with Democratic 
“If federal prisoners have an hour to an hour and a half of unstructured free time, students who are in elementary school and even middle school certainly deserve at least a half hour or forty minutes.” #KidsDeserveIt #JoyfulLeaders #leadlap #recess #g2great 
u ever think of ur favorite person & just:
NO ONE DOES IT LIKE DALLAS NCTZENS NOT ONE PERSON RAN OR YELLED
Ever since I was diagnosed with Melanoma i’ve been extremely careful when i’m out in the sun. I’m always using sunscreen making sure my skin is protected. With lorealskin Sublime Bronze water mouse I can still have…  …
How many more times does Judge Napolitano have to be wrong to keep his job at Fox News? That's right he's already sold his soul to the devil to keep his job at Fox News. What are phonies turned out to be. May God have mercy on your soul because the rest of us don't want you.
If @GeorgeTakei and @Alyssa_Milano succeeded in anything with their #IPledge oath campaign its been causing me to retweet every derogatory thing about Joe Biden  across on Twitter and the internet.
Finally, someone has the courage to ask about the ice spiders!!!  … @JamesHibberd
More antisemitism and hatred of churches. Muslim convert and US Veteran allegedly plotted a terror attack on Jews, churches & police in revenge for a New Zealand mosque shooting  …
We have a problem when a trash campaign like bernie's that specializes in harassment of voters who don't support sanders had information not given directly to them, by the consenting party. Its not like the intercept wont abuse it, too. Being slime is the intercept's specialty
Thank you to our Board of Education, MCPS leaders and  members. The votes are in our name is...Snowden Farm Elementary School!!!
Toddlers have bad days just like us. Just a little reminder to be patient, no human is perfect enough to have everyday be a good day
if you not cash apping me no money, don’t dm me
it’s difficult to expect much tact from someone in the cast of a show like tootsie but this is still incredibly disappointing. that santino would say something like this just reinforces what we all knew: this show thrives off of  …
Glasgow was then able to load the bases and Cole Stephens hits a walkoff grand slam for an 18-6 victory over the Hornets.
Close call…means he’ll probably go on a bender & win 20 in a row by 
Lol 
Can’t stop nobody from doing what they want do.
God Shammgod, the creator of one of the filthiest moves in basketball, turns 43 today 
this one should've stayed blurry but hey had they not taken it in 2006 CyberLink YouCam, MarkBum would've made some 
Suho: My boyfriend is too tall for me to kiss what do i do. Jongdae: Step on his feet. Chanyeol: Kick his shins. Baekhyun: BITE HIS LEGS. Sehun: NO TO ALL OF THOSE! JUST ASK ME TO LEAN DOWN GODDAMN IT.
So impressed w/ our the new additions @NBFelem. We all love it! TY to the volunteers from @WellsFargo and @BBBSLA. And a very special TY to @STEAMsicle for organizing this project! You’re leaving a legacy! #knownova #TLAP 
Congrats to Shiloh Soccer for qualifying for the state tournament next week with their win over Dardanelle! Great win!
Movement variability=adaptable (tough shot makers) *Toes to hips not facing rim at deceleration with bias left/right arm swings & ball flights that change based on context of shot (1st increases vertical exit angle & 2nd it’s dropped producing a flatter flight) 
Driving to a murder house. #doitforthecult
SO CLOSE!! Adam lost to the 18-day champion by $18! #jeopardy
Damn.....look at the wrists on her!!!!!!
Backyard 
Still a little rattled that Redbubble hasn't sold a single unit of my Walt Whitman dragging his nuts across Emily Dickinson's teacakes t-shirt design.
When you show up to a party at 4 in the morning and it’s liiit rusdawg might have to start dancing again 
Section 5 guy right here!  to the 
There are now 3 World Champions (including a 3x world champ) 1 Silver medalist 2 Bronze medalists On Carolina coed for next season. So excited about this talented team
That old chestnut "fairness"  up, in relation to the disguised retrospective  tax Loan Charge, doesn't it? Govt loves to frame the context in terms of fairness to the majority, in trampling over the rights of the few, while covertly denying the rights of all.
The first picture is my back fence yesterday. Today I came home and took the second picture. The last few weeks have been especially stressful between work and school. Thanks to my dad, father in law and boy for the hard 
watching this on repeat instead of 
CASH-ing In: @RaysBaseball manager Kevin Cash on @nathaniel_lowe's confidence and the strides RHP Yonny Chirinos has made this season. #RaysUp 
A class-action suit wants the Chicago to halt a program that takes cars for certain crimes and return the cars of innocent 
No filter 
THE KINGS ARE HERE AND HAVE LANDED SAFELY NOW LETS FUCKING CELEBRATE   …
well at least we're not taking ourselves too seriously on this website or anything  …
I hate the discourse in this country Person beat for advocating genocide: "eeeeh, we shouldn't hit people just for having different opinions" Person beat for saying something kinda inconsiderate: "I'm not saying he deserved it, but..." Gives you an idea what people value
The doorknobs tho 
Sick of the city? Unfulfilling job? Well, say 'sayonara' to that stifling corporate job and stuffy apartment and begin a new and exciting career in Breeding Village today! From our friends over @CherryKissGames 20% OFF launch discount!  
-While the minimum wage will not be increased whatsoever, all future State of the Union guests will include *TWO* working class guests to underscore how much the party respects them!
hm 
. @torikelly at the SiriusXM Hits 1 Broadcasts Backstage Leading Up To The Billboard Music Awards. #BBMAs 
In ICU with my beautiful sister who  from Influenza A and asthma. She is on a ventilator and it’s terrifying but she is stable and you all need to go get a flu shot because this is horrible and we all need to protect each other.
It’s just a bearing from his wheel it’s a trap
2018 @NASCAR playoff qualifier Took the yesterday in Dega Three-time winner in 2018 2016, 2017 & 2018 Fan Vote winner @chaseelliott is 𝙇𝙊𝘾𝙆𝙀𝘿 𝙄𝙉 to the @MonsterEnergy #AllStarRace! 
When I get bored I do a thing I like to call the “Reverse Wattpad.” Whenever a celebrity is about to adopt me, I turn around and adopt them instead! I’ve done this a whole zero times.
#Eagles have exercised QB Carson Wentz’s fifth-year option. 
BTS ARE BACK... WE GET A NEW FANCAM IN A FEW DAYS... BBMAS REAL SOON... I SEE BTS IN 13 DAYS .. 
#RedSox have ended Brock Holt's latest rehab assignment before it started. He has right shoulder inflammation.
The No. 10 @ValleyTechAcad Ford Mustang. @PoconoRaceway. June 2. 
Most plate appearances this season without a home run? Justin Turner - 115
I really don't like seeing people struggle and feel like they are alone. I wish I could be that one good friend to anyone that needed one in a rough time. Ik thats impossible but there are many people who legit have problems they can't handle alone and are alone. Not fair.
I hate this whole meme that people who struggle financially should just do without some little luxuries. Why yes, I could pay my medical bills if I just stopped buying such fancy food for my goldfish.
Great 1st day of spring practice! So much fun to be back on the field w the guys! Great day to be a Viking! #ExtremeOwnership #NoExcuses #Chip
"Daenerys attempts to use her dragons as multirole platforms, a risky move." And more delightful analysis of last night's @GameOfThrones battle by @pptsapper  …
"Have you been practicing?" "Y E S" 
I have to keep it real with you guys. #GameOfTrones used to be a show where any of your favorite MAIN characters could die. Remember how cool Robb & Eddard Stark was?!Last episode was so underwhelming. How did no one die from the main cast?Smh that’s what makes the show great!
Overcame my fear of snakes today No I didn’t actually kiss it 
just wanna hug lana and stroke her hands is that really too much to ask for ugh
Ppl probably think ‘omg when does she shut up about Māori?’, the answer to that is NEVER. This ain’t selective outrage, my rage is deep & relentless. Everytime ppl treat us like shit I’ll tell it & ill do it everytime I have to for you to know your shit is racist & discriminating
Master Fencer has arrived @ChurchillDowns. He is expected to train Tuesday morning at 7:30. #KyDerby : 
I miss my car..
you were born to 
TELL THEM COME JOIN THE TEAM
We saved some Democratic voters’ addresses for you.  back!  …
Is he a suitable  …
My contribution to #BiSCHANGEDtheWORLD Unfortunately my original plan wasn't gonna happen due to illness. BiS are amazing, all the members from this revival did amazing. Lui, Kika, Peri, Aya, Goji, Pan, Tori, Momo, Mew, Muro, Yuina, Nel and Saki. Thank 
Rimbaud & 
MID | Bert heads back out after the Hawks plate another run on a bases loaded walk. Please pray for our outfielders as they are  invisible. MU 
After this @PressSec Sarah, why would you wear it 
Fabregas x Hleb was way  …
Gays on the stair climber at the 
Only two weeks from today, Boston! Come celebrate ASH and queer girls in YA with me and many talented authors at Porter Square Books.  …
Utterly ridiculous Tweet. Corbyn isn't even slightly to blame for Brexit; he is literally not responsible for it in the slightest. He isn't the Prime Minister (yet). He has no power to stop Brexit, even if he wanted to. The Tories are 100% responsible for Brexit.
really could use a dick in my spine but it’s straight
Awesome!! Flaunting their submission to sharia law. Can these women even read? I thought sharia law prevented women from obtaining an education.  …
This sounds dumb as shit! You wanna hang around and drink a $15 juice  …
The fact that a live action Amelia Bedelia movie doesn't exist yet is a terrible pity.
The Cherrydale Library Edible Book contestants baked, molded, and frosted to create these winning literary concoctions! Special thanks to our expert judges Dawn Hart from Village Sweet Bakery and Wendy MacCallum from @LivinThePieLife. 
You know nothing...
fun fact but cigarettes are so bad for the environment and a single cigarette bud can contaminate 50 litres of water and will never biodegrade. but they also kill u so
As of this weekend the Liar In Chief has lied over 10K times. Not *mistatements* or misleading claims ... they're not counted in this. Ten thousand blatant out & out lies. At this point, anyone who believes him is flunking the Darwin test. Dear EVERYONE: THIS IS NOT 
GSAC Tourn. - Game 1: Westmont def. The Master’s 16-15 (12 Inn.). Warriors will play William Jessup tonight at a time TBD.
Got a bit of 2/1 n not admitting it to ur self
If Fray ends up liking a customer she may offer to test their new mods 
Mine  …
Video: Jabri Abdur-Rahim scores over 40 points twice in front of John 
Homeless woman jailed for begging 'despite no one  Tories just want the homeless swept off the streets in case it reflects badly on them, which of course it does! Homeless woman jailed for begging 'despite no one  …
I like pretty teeth and tattoos >>>>>
Sound on! 
I refuse to have a broken family
I am going to pass all my finals !
the dance was good, but the beach house was better incase you were wondering. thank u airpod 
Pepper: You can rest now. Me:  …
"I just read something that rings so true for me...'We expect women to work like they don't have children, and raise children as if they don't work.' Shout out to all the working moms who feel like they're being measured by impossible standards. I see you." // @msshanitarenee
You heard 
Grant Holloway out here 
You guys are selling me OUT!!! Thank you for all the #Kybrow love! 
Woohoo!!! I'm part of the problem!  …
I just wanna eat my snacks and be skinny
#InternationalDanceDay & #GameDay mood because.....hips don’t lie Game 2, let’s go! 
Stevenson 8 - Belleville 0 Abby Werthman scored 5 goals to bring her season total to 30. Mackenzie Fifer and Haley Demers shared the shutout. 9-1-1 overall 8-0-1 KLAA 
Coko from SWV hated the song "Weak" and is "Rain" really about 
Mosaic Window, Cheers, Wine Decor, Bar Decor, Stained Glass, Stained Glass Decor, Wine and Drinks Decor, Window Decor, Window Sun Catcher  via @Etsy #SpecialTParty #etsyspecialt
MOVEMENT AFTER PARTY If you’re looking for a healthy dose of bass after Movement on the 25th, then you won’t wanna miss this! Shoutout @ShowZaProdCo for having me on this bill! Y’all are gonna LOVE the headliners  
The public turned against Nixon when John Dean, et al started testifying.
Your newest members of the Sigma Chi chapter of Beta Beta Beta 
If I had friends that were girls I’d throw a lingerie party and at some point we would record ourselves walking & modeling like a vs runway and it’d be cool Cos there’d be girls with different shapes and sizes and this sounds stupid but in my head it looks cool
this isnt 'drama' this is a real issue that people are addressing because what has happened has made them feel  or invalidated!!! it's right of people to address it and call josh out!!!!
goodnight to the softest space bros who deserved better 
Its Time! Game 1 Round 2 is here! #NBAPlayoffs  …
The wild & whacky blossoms of the North American #pitcherplants; gotta love 'em! #WhiteTopPitcherPlant on the left & #YellowTrumpetPitcherPlant on the right. #CarnivorousPlants 
Today @CoachTKAINE of @MSURacers stopped by @rvhs to observe basketball class & find the next hidden gem. @RidgeViewHoops has several gems that will play @the #NextLevel To name a few @jbrezzzzy @tylerxrice_ @cingotbandz @DaveEverett23 @Uglyboytyus8 @jaylon_jeter 
this  out and party with us! we will be at Axis at 3 you don’t want to miss this pool party, so get prepared now.. swimsuits, water guns, & all your pool needs. we Can’t wait to party with you all! ALSO add us on snapchat @siue.emperial10 
Which Arizona high schools have produced the most college football players?  … via @azcentral
THIS!!! soooooo much This  …
bsb is my 2019 world champ. RT if you agree
So when do the publicly televised hearings begin? When will subpoenas be enforced and individuals jailed. Do something other than talk
Another taste of our #EAsiaMigrationIsland. This Narcissus Flycatcher was on Dongyin - probably the best of the Matsu Islands. Only accessible by ferry from #Keelung, N Taiwan, or from the other (airplane serviced) islands. Photo Liao 
Congrats to @Joshua_Allen8 for receiving an invite to tryout with the @Browns #ComeFlyWithUs | 
Evangelicals: People using exaggerated language to score political points is the worst. Also Evangelicals: If you let two men get married, you also have to let women fuck giraffes. There is no middle ground, they will destroy our families!  …
Didn’t give as much love as i shoulda to this when i first took 
#Focus ...Is Gloriously Productive. And, Blinds You. #drMM #fb
I'm an "every day American" and not rich by any means... not even close. I like my body too much to eat that shit that is being passed off as food.
Trump, never an adult 
I follow Back Asap
people: jennie don’t you enjoy watching to other group’s performances? you rarely react to them jennie: are they iKON? no? then sit 
no one: girls in the college facebook group: I love to go out on the weekends but also am down to stay in and chill I take my schooling very seriously thoughlooking for a gym buddy I LOVE to make new friends
When a man is doing his part , Another man don’t even exist to her
✿.｡.:* ☆:**:. Genius girly girl and tomboyish brute BFFs .:**:.☆*.:｡.✿ . . . #TheAmazingWorldOfGumball 
nun of u bitches excite me anymore
Bitches hair never grow cause they roots full of negativity
I so needed to see this today 
cant believe its over 
i know what i bring to the table, so I ain’t afraid to eat alone
#DemocratParty's Chances R Based On Misery..How Many times Did U Have To Struggle For A Job To Make Ends Meet Under A Dem President? Could They Have Purposely Been Sabotaging Us For Power & Control? Is That Why they Bring in Illegals.. To Kill The  …
Video shows 'hero' 8-year-old save sister from attempted kidnapping in 
Watching a thing. On the sofa, under a duvet. The moment I get up to take a 
I CAN . I WILL. End of story. . . #ican #iwill #mystory #monday #greatday #positivevibes #goals #gratitude #happy #mindset #quote #actor #performer #film #drama #television #cast #scene #dancer #entertainer #stories #dramatic #impersonate #roleplay #story #aydenmerch 
#BREAKING CONFIRMED FROM RICE CO: no fatalities at this time. Two Rice County Sheriff deputies shot and taken to separate hospitals. Suspect is not believed to be in custody, but is a known suspect to law enforcement. No other known injuries. @KWCH12
Just waiting for that first school to give me an offer...
What do we say to the god of exercise? Not today.
I found these drawings that Bill Melendez did of the Peanuts gang. It's interesting to see his take on Schulz's beloved 
The nights are hard for Biguni, a 7-year-old who was hurt in the Sri Lanka bombings. She has trouble sleeping. Her father rocks her, but even when she does drift off, she has nightmares. Her mother doesn't know how to tell her that her grandmother is 
The wait is almost over. We are ready!! #repost @linzzmorgan ・・・  to Planet Alpha. Don't miss #The100 season premiere tomorrow at 9/8c on The CW.  …
A total of 122,771 votes were cast yesterday.  to 66,894 on the first day of early voting at the 2016 federal election. #ausvotes
For good government Tony you need good governance and leadership with vision not policy flip flop to gain personal revenge. Have't seen much of good government in the past 6 years so why would voting for a Liberal candidate in Warringah suddenly change this? @zalisteggall
This Saturday I finally get my hands on @_MarkWheeler !!! We have so much damn heat it’s not even funny!! It’s going down at @FLQWrestling in my home away from home Montréal, 
Lol boy I just let you hit it cuz I wanted it too, don’t ever think you got one on me. I got my nut just like you
Senior Celebration photo!! Proud of these guys!! #RTB #HYPRR 
Despite any issues we may have with some elements of this episode, I hope we can all agree that they did a phenomenal job putting this all together  …
Lots of great stuff in this one, like my existential crisis over marrying Abigail and watching our relationship fall apart amid too much farmwork and a tryst with  …
5 yo: “Mom for my next Birthday I want to have a Naked Birthday Party” Me: 5 yo: Me: 5 yo: “That way everyone can be naked because it’s allowed.”
A protest sign that just says “NOT EVERYTHING HAS TO BE IMMERSIVE GET AWAY FROM ME”
Take a look at this dog’s reaction while he’s watching the trailer of 
ET Canada - Kelly Clarkson Talks about BTS Fandom in BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS @BTS_twt  …
Came Back Strictly About My Business Allow Me To Reintroduce Myself I Am PHIfinal DeTAIL of 2 Pearls Of Resilience 
7/For if Russia's grand strategy is to weaken the West and US led order, then electing Trump, who has been so critical of that order, will clearly be their primary 2020 goal. Which means that denigrating, hacking Democrats will be among Russia's top priorities, again.
it's been finals week so I've been binging a bunch of mcu movies (i wanna rewatch endgame so bad rip) and thor has always been one of my favs, so I obvs had to doodle him 
⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Are mommy's boobs ⠀⠀⠀⠀soft enough for you, sweetie? ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀〖 ♡ 〗 ⠀ 
FAN PROJECT FUNDING UPDATE! Remember that donations end on MAY 5TH! So 6 days left~ Please share the project and the donation form with Stay. ^^ We are almost there!! Donation form :  #STRAYKIDSinUSA #STRAYKIDSinNJ 
It's an easy trap to fall into but I have a feeling that doing the thing where you try to never be vulnerable because doing so is uncool probably leads to being dead inside.
Late-Night TV Writers Know They’re Awful, But Their Solutions Are 
ANALYSIS: We crunched the public health funding numbers. Here's why the Ford government and City of Toronto can't even agree on how big the funding cut actually is. #onpoli  …
Billboard Hot 100: #90(new) Slide, @FrencHMonTanA Feat. @bluefacebleedem & @liltjay.
Adam’s $53,999 is the highest-ever regular-play non-winning score in the history of the show. The previous record was held by Michael Cudahy ($44,400 on June 25, 2018), with an honorable mention to Steve Hettinger, who had a pre-doubled $23,000 on March 10, 1998. #Jeopardy
Thank you for describing perfectly your sister seminary @SEBTS too! These are also  Great that we have six  to these biblical  …
He’s talking about TONIGHT!! Thanks Bill!!  …
I'm not worried about not passing, but my GPA is .01 off from graduating with an honors distinction. So I'm hoping whatever I get will bump it
 …
This website should make  a quiz or something before letting you tweet about slavery. A captcha of Barbara Fields titles. Anything.
#11 IN -ESPN 300 & 5 #AGTG
Competition? Why yes I would love some 
Why Stacey Abrams Is Still Saying She Won By ⁦@david_marchese⁩  …
“Disappearing Islands: What Happens To Their Nations and People?” ⁦ @ASteiner⁩ ⁦ @UlrikaModeer⁩ ⁦ @MarDieye⁩ ⁦ @asakookai⁩ ⁦ @ahunnaeziakonwa⁩ ⁦ @LFLopezCalva⁩ #undp #sids #SAMOAPathway ⁦ @fekita_u⁩ ⁦ 
PSYCH BACK ON AT NIGHT THANK YOU @hallmarkmovie #psych #pineapples
Things i don’t say: Drip No Cap On my dead Yes Sir (with multiple S’s & R’s) Things i do say: Equity Bis Dev Retainer ROI (Return on investment) Put out what you want to receive... Thanks  this has been my Ted Talk.
Take the Act or Sat 10-15 times. Stop feeling your coaches owes it to you to register you. Do you even know if your HS counselor has kids or how old they are? Build relationships outside of sports for success. Believe 
Miles Morales, Kate Bishop, John Henry Irons, Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, John Stewart, Kyle Rayner, Simon Baz, Jessica Cruz, Barry Allen, Wally West, Kamala Khan, Amadeus Cho, Sam Alexander, Jason Todd, Tim Drake, Cassandra Cain, Stephanie Brown...I can go  …
I’m just imagining him thinking in his head “Are you hot in all that  …
Queen Offers to Restore British Rule Over United  …
Thinking about writing a Creepypasta one day titled “I moved to Florida to be with family and ended up joining a religious cult organization.” That’s pretty much my life right now. Would anyone read it? (No, I don’t mean my online cult either lol)
I don’t understand this “Challenge” belief Carvajal has. No I’m not listening to an individual who thinks lesser of minorities.
“Am I the only one who doesn’t care about 
I hope we can all agree that being a theologian and scholar is not a man’s game. I know some women who are better theologians, academic scholars and researchers than men. And guess what? That’s totally fine and ok.
"Yo Theon, go fuck up that boy for me real quick" - Bran #GameofThrones 
FBI got a tip about Poway synagogue shooting minutes before it  …
The Sydney Stack bump on Jack Viney. A thing @jasonmarion1 and I came up with for #uptheguts (with the help of an extremely skilled graphics guy called 
.paywall{display:none} lol nzherald
B9 | Spartans walk it off in the ninth to snap their 10 game losing streak @Nmoney03 bunts in the winning run for the win #SJSU | 
I'm really good at taking cool and unique selfies 
Consent is a sober yes so there is no such thing as consent while  …
We're live in a couple minutes! Watch @NBCTheVoice tonight at 8/7c! And vote for #TeamLegend!!!
gavin is still with his narvey hoodie he really said nabrina stans yall clowns 
lmfaoooooo 
what you all been asking for , so here you go P R O M 
3 
Focus on yo own blessings. Whats for them might not be for 
What does our New Heavyweight Champion @Kill4nova have to say? What’s next for @thejtdunn? Who will survive a must-see #NETitle Matchup? Find out LIVE THIS FRIDAY as we return home to Lowell!  
Real models of the muzzie 
Thank you to everyone who has donated!! Here is a message from Momma K, “Thank you guys sooo much! My baby is continuously getting blessed I'm more than grateful! 
URL’S RESOLUTION (CASSIDY VS GOODZ) IS LIVE ON PAY PER VIEW  SEE WHAT U MISSED & CATCH ALL THE 
  #MaryOrvay
Metro Greenline & 40/  …
I still jam Dom Kennedy “ My Type Of Party” like it just came out
“The must-have new hire for publishers,” Digiday called product managers in December. FYI we teach many product management skills as part of the social journalism program at Newmark J School at CUNY,  …
It drives me bananas that jobs won’t give you a chance unless you have 25 years experience, a letter from the president of Italy, and a sacrifice from your fourth cousin. I mean forget that you have school and a desire to learn.
“Happy Anniversary! If you have survived five decades it means you are eternal, honey.” - Pedro Almodóvar celebrating his storied history with Film at Lincoln Center 
A quien  …
This is the sight of a black hole spitting gyrating jets of plasma across space, after ripping material from a nearby star. It's a 4-hour sequence, captured by a continent-spanning network of radio telescopes. Full story:  : 
Must be nice to have your Daddy, Vice President Joe Biden give you a lift to work (CHINA) on AirForce Two & then use his influence to make deals with our enemy, CHINA! Or have your Dad threaten Ukraine w/ withholding $Millions if they don’t fire the prosecutor investigating  …
There are two parts I can't stop running through my head #AvengersEndgame 1. When [redacted] grabbed [redacted] and went to town on [redacted] like it was nothing!? My fucking God. 2. When [redacted] let [redacted] know that you don't gotta know who the fuck I am. On sight!
Why are the centrist Democrats always capitulating to the ruling elites? #Peace #PeoplePower #FeelTheBern #Bernie2020
we live in an exciting time where we can use cgi to make josh brolin 8 feet tall and give him a purple scrotum for a chin yet we're supposed to settle for having jim carrey's eggman look like 
Remember when seungri stans told us to respect him and be there for him during his “hard times” 
the happiest i’ve ever been in a long time. the most special birthday i’ve had since i was 14. idk what more to say besides thank you. so 
An old observatory at @NASA_Wallops, something about it always catches my 
Tonight ADL announced that Amy & @joshuabaer are the 2019 Torch of Liberty honorees. Josh and Amy are receiving the 2019 Torch of Liberty Award in recognition of their unwavering…  …
 look at  …
For a good laugh and heart fluttering morning.. W1 amogi tv - Daniel 
soft doms are so sweet just imagine breaking ur rules and being bratty, so ur dom punishes you but when you get all whiny they’re like “oh no :(( it’s okay baby i’ll let it go this one time if you’ll promise to be a good pet from now on!” it’s so cute ufhh they’re so lovable
getting back on that workout grind  
Batshit. Just batshit.  …
I had the honor to work with John Singleton. Another leaving us far too soon. It’s getting lonely on this side  …
She looks like the Michelin Man  …
We had a great discussion on sports ownership and shared insights on the current state of pro sports today at the Milken Institute Global Conference with moderator Alan 
“I was discovered by a master filmmaker. He not only made me a movie star but made me a filmmaker. There are no words to express how sad I am to lose my brother, friend & mentor. He loved bring the black experience to the world.” (Ice Cube) 
Come on down to Triangle Theater in Costa Mesa, CA and see a 2nd screening of @skamovie 5:30pm 
Well the nigga is not a member of  …
i know U can feel 
Every day I’m thankful that my beautiful wife has terrible taste in men.
Due to the fact that women will decide 2020 it’s laughable that the @GOP would even consider @StephenMoore. @SenJoniErnst women are watching
Proven #OHLPlayoffs winners Entwistle, Hanley, McLeod, Tippett have their names on the Bobby Orr Trophy from the East now look to win the Wayne Gretzky Trophy in the West. WATCH :  
You can never lose vibing out to some Sade!
rt to be in an avengers: endgame gc - talk about endgame + be sad together - must have seen endgame - there will be spoilers - I'll make it tomorrow night after I've seen it
#NewProfilePic + the best state council conference I’ll ever have in my life 
The much anticipated first home run gauntlet for @JAguilarMKE. 3R home run to center in 1st inning.
You, a mongrel, a blind fool: “Gilgamesh is not a Tsundere” Me, an actual 
When Joel rips some mean farts and clears the paint for some easy buckets  …
I no longer force things. what flows, flows. what crashes, crashes.
Congratulations to all three bands for their Superior performances at State OMEA Adjudicated Event. This is the 3rd year in a row that all the bands have received a 1 at State 
Sometimes, it's a monkey off your back. Sometimes, it's King Kong. Jesus Aguilar gets No. 1.
Is stealing a penguin larceny or grand larceny. Definitely not asking for myself.
Drip or drown 
Proud to support the #DiversityinGI campaign under the leadership of ⁦ @DMGrayMD⁩ and ⁦ @SophieBalzoraMD⁩!! #RepresentationMatters especially to our patients. 
miss 
If y’all don’t get consistent across ALL divisions AND gyms.... cheerleading will NEVER be considered a sport
The same smug elites who told us Hillary would crush Trump are now telling us Trump wants to run against Bernie. 1) no he doesn't; 2) *even if he did*, he'd be wrong to think he'd beat him. There's zero accountability for being dead wrong in mainstream  …
Thanks for 3.5K followers for the third time. Goddammit!!!
My new lock 
EXCLUSIVE: Far-right smear merchants Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman try to slime Pete Buttigieg with a bogus sex-assault claim. From @lachan @kpoulsen @noahshachtman: 
This the mind of a 
got some new vans and wore them with socks im sorry 
This is exactly the legacy I hoped to leave in my 
as a reminder, if you are housed with accessible facilities and can afford to buy magic the gathering cards, you can afford to buy things like soap and deodorant, thank you
Yes but killing creeps creates more jobs and lowers debt
Gotta value the good ppl in your life while they’re still there
Need an uplifting story that will fill any teachers heart. Read  …
PSI Magnet has a different wind box mechanic for when Lucas is grounded, and in the air The grounded wind box seems to stay static However, the aerial wind box actually scales with percentage. The higher the %, the stronger the pull 
Stop curving mf’s for that mf that you should curve!!!
can’t wait for loki to make an appearance in gotg3
Thor: Quill: Rocket and Mantis:
I can’t believe ops is really about to win grand  ON
Taylor Swift was the 6th most searched artist on the Internet in the last 15 
Confession - when I was a teenager I would often be waiting outside of the Rat to get into a punk rock show and I'd be listening to Sade on my headphones.
me parece  …
Buckle up! @notCIB is on #NotTooDeep & he told me one of the most ridiculous stories I've EVER heard! We also talk about @OfficialSP7, marriage blah blah blah BUT THIS STORY INVOLVES SEX & STOLEN CDs! It's a good one! Listen:  Watch:  
[ENG] BTS x V로고 그리기 [re:memVer party 2019] Openload:  … Google Drive:  MEGA:  … STREAM:   )
In case you missed it. I’ve been trying to get this story published in one form or another for a decade. I’m glad @washingtonpost is  …
Don’t believe all the one sided stories you see on social media.
#AmericaFirst - @EdRollins: Why go back to Obama policies when you have successful economic policies under Trump? @mgoodwin_nypost: If the economy keeps going, Dimms have to find issues to peel away the working class. They won't turn on the @realDonaldTrump economy. #MAGA 
TROLLS ARE EVERYWHERE LIES ARE ENCOURAGED BY RIGHT WING 
Please sign! Johnny Depp made POTC what is it. Like many of you I refuse to watch another POTC film without him. Sign this petition & show @Disney that we want our Captain Jack Sparrow back. #JohnnyDeppIsInnocent #JohnnyDeppHasEvidence 
"I have to talk to you  …
Thank you @LYSNation for the cool bag tag! Powerwalks Legendary Leadership Badge! 
back massage needed
Never been a fan of the antics..
On May 13, 2019, former Somali National  Yusuf Abdi Ali, (aka Tukeh), will stand trial in Virginia for his alleged role in the #torture and attempted #extrajudicialkilling of Farhan Warfaa, @CJA_news’s client.  …
Get This Look “ Craze “ Now  
tmh, four, and mitam knowing they’re one direction’s best 
Interesting... that puts it on permanent public record that he and Trump were having conversations. Breadcrumbs...
Billboard Hot 100: #86 @ygofficialblink - Kill This Love (-13) *peak: #41* [3 weeks]
okay here’s some good pics of my moth baby. he is so beautiful please be nice to 
Where can I find all the new words out there, the crazy new words necessary to identify all the differences in people. Looking for a list of those words if you guys know where I can find one.
dapg is  a figment of my imagination i just want her 
ENDGAME SPOILERS!!!! . . . . . . . . . . . . . i put mario kart music over the hot potato 
Caught up with this one late, but God its  …
On this post u can see how educated people teach her  …
“Over past weeks, Huda says, she has attended too many funerals...People in Tripoli are trying to go about their daily lives as usual, attending tea parties, running errands, planning weddings. But once they hear sound of bombs, they have no place to 
EXCITING NEWS! I’m taking over the @FFL_of_America IG FRIDAY!!! You can see what a day in my life is like and to celebrate you can shop the CUTEST Conservative merch around for 10% OFF! USE CODE: 
Two thoughts on Rosenstien: (1) The IG report must  out soon. (2) President Trump is probably gonna be declassifying the #SteeleDossier FISA warrant soon. Vaya Con Dios, Rod! #DrainTheSwamp  …
GREASE 2 WAS A GD DUMPSTER FIRE, HOW DARE YOU STAND WHERE THEY STOOD.
the Egyptian Theater is one of the best places in the world to see a film. Here’s an overview of problems that might arise if Netflix acquires  …
I’m doing better than I was later. Still confused about life, but grateful to be alive and breathing. In all honesty, I don’t think anyone understands life
this looks like taehyung with a killer wing eyeliner and I never knew I needed it until 
Here's my #GameOfThrones Episode 4 Trailer  …
Crazy how fast some people change
NEW — Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman appear to be behind a campaign to get young gay men to accuse Mayor Pete of sexually assaulting them.  … Via @lachlan @NoahShachtman and @kpoulsen
I’m gonna be a rap and rock icon when I finally blow up.
I DONT KNOW WHAT “all of them” ENTAILS BRO ALL OF WHAT
The best naps are the ones that feel like 3 hours but in reality was only 30 minutes
I’m just a young bottom looking for a old top out here in these 
this wasn’t even embarrassing to take because there is literally no one else in this bathroom. let’s go royals let’s try to win our 10th game tonight 
My man is out here advocating for us foreign intervention on Venezuela with the thickest gringo accent and struggling every five words to figure out how the sentence should continue but he immediately gets oraised by every white latino who wants the oil back  …
TN LIKED NFAKNFAJ TN REBLOGUED FKSMFBQJDANAKS TAYLOR LIKED GJAMFBWSNA TAYLOR REBLOGUED HSJAJDJAA TAYLOR FOLLOWED MENTJAKFNAJNDS MY SHOW IS TOMORROW FKAMDJABS I MRT TSYLOR Things I will NEVER relate
Luke Kuczewski and Brian Chatt are out supporting @FredoniaLYMCrew at their stress free 
Scarlet witch: you took everything from me 
i wanted to draw teeth so naturally... had to redraw this fucko 
I’m in this and I kinda laughed  …
Trying to flex on me, whole time I’m prada u
If two adult siblings aren’t calling each other “sis” is it even a pilot
Thanks for 50 peeps! I am getting back in the swing of things - So have a character raffle! RT to Enter Follow if you want Drawing ends May 4th 11:59:59 
Check out dis cute baby vlogger 
That feeling when you add to The Cowgirl Family!! 
I ain’t afraid of no ghosts, but I am afraid of what episode 3x20 of #Shadowhunters has in store for us. 
Disrupted terror plot: California man who converted to Islam planned bombing as revenge for New Zealand  …
While at Inter, #zLAtan stared down and tried to wage mental warfare on Ronaldo (a player he idolized). This isn’t new. This is what Z does to pump himself 
REFLECTIVE 
OMG OMG OMG See you  …
you could've at least gave me credits for the photos  …
The WAR ROOM was ontoday! Our staff LOVED what we saw this weekend from FUTURE FLYERS!!! #OneWay #Family #OurCircleIsStrong 
. @HillaryClinton Don't: * Blame Russia, #JulianAssange for your problems * Be corrupt * Be a corporate stooge * Rig the Primaries * Take corporate money * Start regime change wars Do: * Listen to the people, build a better, safer US for them * Vote for @SenSanders, @TulsiGabbard
If I want you, don’t worry about who want me
We get it, you're jealous of our fandom
Cards defeat Lutheran 7-3. Johnna Bear gets the win. Vanessa Miller was 3-4 with 2 RBI. Haley Matlock and Erniey Hursey also had RBI’s. Next game is Wednesday at home vs. LN. 6:00 pm.
i’m a lover for other people’s culture can someone please tell me what’s going on. i’d like to know.
Highest number of games with an RBI given up to a pitcher (in first 28 games of the season), #STLCards history: - 1954: 10 - 2019: 8 They did it a total of 7 times last year.
Who thinks @sherifflamb1 #CowChipBingo will be one of the #LivePD Top 10 Animal Moments? 
Monday blues are no match for @trampstampgrannys--check out our interview with founder & heart throb @darrencriss!  … #pianobar #monday #mood #modernluxury #linkinbio
Seriously though just DFA someone and bring up Mac and bat him cleanup for 2 weeks and see what happens, he literally cannot be any worse
SO CUUUUUUUUTE 
Tentando ser fitness/Fail 
#LTC/USD ASIA We've been keeping our eye on #Litecoin for a drop to around $62.50 where a potential buying opportunity exists, should those levels hold, retaining the bullish market structure in the process. 
Will you be the first #slave who will step in to my #kinky world? 1-7 may @DungeonSuite As soon as you close the door there is no way back.... 
THIS LOOK >>> HIS LEGS 
Hehe Maymay really wanted to bring them up for Magdamag when she saw the pics!
Yes Please Get it Done  …
Something seems a wee bit illegal  …
That  …
NEW: Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman have been trying to recruit young men to falsely claim they were sexually assaulted by Pete Buttigieg. One recorded their convo and gave us the audio. Another says allegations published today in his name are bullshit  …
man,  …
Here we have the same argument seen in #auspol 'If #conservatives lose the election it'll be the fault of the minor parties'. I'm sorry - *no* - the minor parties exist & are gaining ground because of extreme voter frustration at institutionalised failure of the majors.  …
Exclusive: Jacob Wohl caught on tape trying to concoct a sexual assault smear against Pete Buttigieg and promising to make the accuser wealthy. Now the supposed victim says Wohl and lobbyist Jack Burkman made it all up.  …

"I warn those hatemongers & those white nationalists -- don't  the tool of Russia. They wish to use you to sow the hate & division in the hearts & minds of Americans" - Khizr Khan  …
Stagecoach: 3 Maddy: 0 
I can’t wait to get into the faces of the #49ers haters, rival fans, and non believers just to finally be able to say: HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW BBBBBOOIIIIII!!!! #NNNNiiiinnnneeeerrrrssss!  
CONTEST TIME Celebrate Ani-MAY by taking the #unlockedanimay challenge! Answer our prompts and you’ll be entered for a chance to win our first ever mystery grab bag! Starts this Wednesday! Read Rules for more 
#LondonMarathon Reduced 200,000 Plastic Bottles With Edible Water  …
Guys pictures and videos don’t do these babies justice BUT I got more Ammolite in so they’re open for customs, dm me if interested 
This is my last tweet for tonight. See you all tomorrow. As usual I leave you with another pic of our great 
When the BERN App caused this massive security & privacy breach, what info did the IRA/Russia collect? Was this deliberate @davidsirota @Briebriejoy ? Is this a prelude to deluging those 150M voters with targeted psyops messages? @DNC @TomPerez this should disqualify @SenSanders
I can’t express how important this woman is to me. Happy Birthday @terricz You make everything a little bit more fun #birthdaygirl 
When she says she’s 
Congrats to Steven Van Tiflin of @FootballUGA for receiving the SEC Brad Davis Community Service Post Graduate Scholarship Award! #DawgsChoiceAwards @steven_vt_ 
unfortunately i stan a pretty bastard #saintseiya 
I am because I still feel guilty about your shoulder even though I was 2000 miles away. The great news is it didn't affect your acting @LukeBaines you are on fire in this episode and all of 3B #Shadowhunters  …
TOMORROW baseball conference title game vs jordan panther creek 4:30 PULL UP IN BLUE @PCreekbaseball
Bless you #JohnSingleton  …
Husband and wife 
Clive Palmer’s plan to rip up the Murray-Darling Basin Plan would be disastrous for #Mayo. The Liberals preference deal is utterly reckless for South Australia. #auspol19  …
The end of an Age and the beginning of a new 
This is what I can say.... @mainedcm knows when to give time for work, recreation, and for her personal life. That is why she looks young. She accepts projects that gives her time for herself too! Hindi tanggap ng tanggap para sa pera 
Taeil noticed me the only one who didn’t look was haechan, they are so pretty in real life 
Awesome quote from Nurse Jackie A man's husband is dying. Several  up to him to "affirm" it's ok that he is gay and. He says "Can I not be gay right now? Can I just be a guy who's spouse is dying? Can I have that please?"
Congratulations to Luke Riedel for receiving the Columbus Dispatch Scholar Athlete Award at our district’s Senior Awards and Scholarship Night.
barber: "so what we gon do today" hood white manz: "yall know which chromosome turn a female into a man" barber: "say no 
I’m fucken  …
Very eventful weekend.. fun, but very eventful
Today makes 6 months back at the gym. I’m doing things a little unorthodox with no diet plan, no serious workout plan, no supplements of any kind. Just eating well and going to the gym. Pretty proud of where I’ve gotten even though I’m still far from my goal. #vegan 
"Soluble proteins in concentrated solutions diffuse not as isolated particles, but as members of transient clusters between which they constantly exchange."  … Interesting and important results by @SoBuelow @MSiggel 
Why does @USASFcheer need to break a tie for Gold at worlds? BSB and Prodigy earned that title today
Congrats to Boys Lacrosse on their 12-11 victory over Wakefield on Senior Night! @Park_View_HS @ParkViewBLax 
Soooooooooo......... I found out who the guests are that @Sean_C_Larkin will be announcing later & I'm going to say it first! @OfficialLivePD will be upset with me but oh well......... #LivePDMarathon #LivePD Here ya 
Please follow & retweet @TLkm86 @NYRJessica @Triciawood12 @donnajeanbell @Jennife53303367 @LisaAnn14828321 @lovejunkie16 @PeggyLHorton @MarisaCalvo6 @jbgrover4374 @heyitscarolyn @rdrhwke @RNinMI @DLindsey2 @familyfirstcorp @fortressfin @galacticaactual 
what if u went to heaven and god cancelled u
OMG MIDNIGHT JUST WON WORLDS 
"Someday is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you." ~ Timothy Ferriss #MondayMotivation
Everybody in the league is not like Jerry, Randy, Julio & Calvin. You play your own way & the best way that makes  Respect him because of where he is at now! Observe & wait for the results. D.K. Is his own person, we haven’t seen one of him yet !  …
I might be single for another 5 years
Having spent time 300 miles from the North Pole in Svalbard, Norway and traveling often in Northern Alaska, I have seen first-hand the effects of climate change—even in our own lifetimes. Beto has a plan. #beto2020 #NHpolitics #BetoForPresident #BetoForAmerica 
I wonder if this will catch on in Bolsonaro’s  …
#Showmatch30Años Mickey Rourke Vs Henry De Ridder #LaPelea 
In our city, our values of freedom, innovation, and belonging guide everything we do. We've reduced emissions and unemployment, cut our business tax and raised the minimum wage, and grown our economy to make it work for everyone. 
We’re out here. Game 3, Stars and Blues, about to get 
more breath of fire 3 :D  
Thank you @GowturServices #Gowturgang 
This time the choreo came out really well so it’d be good if LOVES could look forward to it! We’re showing something different and a choreo style we haven’t tried before so it’s really heart fluttering and 
goodnight 
reply with your number 
Can’t wait to read this book to the 
CJA IS BRINGING HOME not 1 but 2 GLOBES !!! .. no words. I’m done. I love you @CJA_allstars @CJA_Bombshells @CJA_TeamGunz
Official images of DX Dimevolcano  
A few people were interested in seeing some of my traditional work. I don't have much since I'm not all that skilled with markers and such but, here ya 
This guy in my chem class just pulled out holy water and started sprinkling it on people before our test lol
My husband only agreed to do a maternity shoot if he could pretend to be a @budlight 
The same old tired,irrelevant message..
Everyone to me this morning: ‘if you have an afternoon meeting in Santa Clara, you will never make a 6pm dinner outside of Sacramento’ Me: enjoys problem solving, turns it into a flying lesson haha (see you at dinner @Rajaontheedge 
“I'm really lucky, because I have a picture-perfect relationship with my parents. They’re just really motivating, sort of a driving force, which is something I really need.”- Kristen Stewart 
This 3D volumetric scan animation of the Wink, TX supercell is just insane. 
What I thought What is actually was gonna be in in the pop up the pop up store store.... #BBMAsTopSocial BTS 
#InternationalDanceDay? @MichaelBrockers + @AaronDonald97 can get down with it. 
Nothing like a good #ghostbusters film to start the night right. #ShadowhuntersChat #Shadowhunters @ShadowhuntersTV @FreeformTV
First Nations leaders call for solution to Kashechewan flooding 
Never give! ❤︎❤︎We Are X! I voted for YOSHIKITTY｜The 34th Sanrio Character Ranking Official Website  …
THE REPORTER WHO WROTE THE IOI REUNION ARTICLE IS WELL KNOWN FOR WRITING FAKE RUMOURS IM GONNA LOSE 
i ate a vegetable & my body was like wait what
if someone proposed to me at a  i’d say no so fucking fast...
I feel too legit rn. Shout out to @KerryedTV @Round2HQ for the hook up. Feel like I’m on the 
Sean Dorney's children walk Kokoda Track to raise money for Motor Neurone disease  … #PacificMornings
Also @Chase: You also don't have money in your account because we reorder transactions, hold on to them and post them in a way to maximize overdraft 
Thank you for your 
need a new piercing or something
Sort of like why I still say Sid Bream was out except I’m joking.  …
Daming ganap today! #HiwagaNgKambatMediaDay with Edward, Maymay, Chantal and 
More great mentions! @wgevans @rosiegreysworld @NevilleGaunt @AmandaRay02 @zinca @davepperlmutter @VClinebarton @cherylbuts @sabinmarketing @mchristieauthor @wiergeezy @RosieChapel2015 @ganderson7 @L_J_Kane_Author @JAKESSOULSHINE @loveGoldenHeart @VirtualMarketer @CherubNation
That’s  …
"When you are strong, appear weak.." - Sun Tzu Do you realize how difficult THIS must be for an apex predator like  …
I don’t see why I should feel pressured to be appreciative of something I didn’t ask for.
i probably played that’s a rack by lil uzi 1700 times since it dropped real talk
Busquets 'assist' to Messi in the 2011 semis vs 
TICKET RESERVATION ONLINE via:  WHEN: May 4, 2019 | starts at 10AM **Take note! Seats will be pre-assigned by the system, based on best availability at the time of 
Allow Me To Overload Your Account #1FIRST @BRASL2019 10k 200k 300k 400k 500k 600k 700k 800k 900k 1 million 2 million 5 million 10 million 20 million 30 million 50 million Reply "HI" and follow everyone who likes your reply I follow back  and retweet Let's Go
Also includes a lyric about going to jail in ‘99 when he would have been 9 years old
Seeing this game in development in close proximity to where I was at the time, was part of the inspiration I needed to get into making games. Highly  …
#BLACKPINK "Kill This Love" MV has surpassed 270M views on Youtube in just 25 days. 
Workin’ on a dummy. I read it to my daughter and she laughed in all the spots I was hoping to get a laugh... so yay #amwriting #kidlit 
Feminists can’t fathom that women may actually have values that don’t align with Democrats. To them, women shouldn’t vote based on principles but victimhood. That's the lie Feminists preach -- victimhood. don't buy it.
the baby in kians belly 
This was in 2015 Hilary Clinton as SOS approved the sale of 20% of USA’s uranium natural resource. Podesta was the largest stockholder which he transferred to his daughter before the sale. Podesta Group had offices in Moscow near the Kremlin Mueller overlooked a lot
"Black Mamba" Thumbnail For @Dignify2K 30 Likes? More client work in the 
Aerial view of the Woodstock Music & Art Fair, 
Happy Birthday, king 
The @Jeopardy dude won by $18 this is just pure mockery now 
*people singing the words to the song* Jenny: beep boop lmao
I will never understand how people just climb into bed with their shoes on
never a dull moment, always enjoying myself with you hunny. I love you 
Former Planned Parenthood chief and a Black Lives Matter co-founder form a new political action group focused on women's activism  
'Pen15' star @MayaErskine discusses "significant" role as romantic lead in #PlusOne  
Feds arrest former U.S. military veteran accused of plotting massive domestic terror plot in different LA spots  
Both games, on 1 cart! Just came in today from @playasia 
I am not touching that line.
I dreamed I was on a beach with a model serving me tropical 
Analysis: More signs that Trump may not get a significant political boost from the economy 
Yesterday preached on the beauty of Christus Victor & my congregation loved it! Next week I’ll preach on the dangers of simplified Substitutionary Atonement & how helpful it is to hold both views together. I LOVE that the peeps in my church are down for new  ideas!
i miss him:( can he post a selfie or 
Way to go, 
More like NAMASLAY
y’all hear this sht? a 16 year old trainee did that on a gdragon 
It works guys!! 
Weird that @dog_rates attached this photo of a dog to my personal  …
EXCUSE MY FUCKINF SCREAMS BUT WELCOME BACK KINGS! 
Seven   to ISIS: Report - The Economic  …
We’re already half way through the quarter... wth it feels like spring quarter just started yesterdayyyy
Thank you Michael Milken and the Milken Institute for inviting me to participate on the Sports Ownership panel today with fellow panelists, Todd Boehly, Gerry Cardinale, Joe Tsai, and Patrice 
EMMA'S VOICE IN THIS SCENE >>>>> (im alaric watching emma sing 
We should just rename the country: United States of Holocaust  …
The #BBMAs are almost here, and #CardiB, #Drake, #PostMalone, #BTS and more are up for awards. If you're not ready... get ready!  …
All law school did was expose me to a wider body of knowledge that I will never, ever know. Feel more stupid today than back in 2016.
I guess mosquitoes are the only thing attracted to me at this point
#PowerClap Congratulations to Mr Anthony Williams on receiving the @GCSAA Grassroots Ambassador Leadership Award! 
Going into 3x20 summed up: #ShadowhunterChat 
Does anyone like 57 Nomads? I am looking in your direction, 
Amazing song by @zfgband! Check it out if you haven't 
feelin a 
my mood with graduation in 20 
Someone left an unexpired coupon right on top of the tortillas I was going to buy, but I didn’t take it. You only get so much luck in life and I’m not using any up for 35 cents.
2 of our Alumni FB players @ToddSib23 & @dlmart17 came in to get #BeastModed and 6 of our soon to be Alumni joined in! @jacobpetit_ @msalopek_12 @MattBlanchard26 @M9times @joe_michalowicz (not pictured) and Nolan Rumler. I love when our  back to grind out a workout! 
Was thinking of Puyo after class and this girl is my heart 
love this tweet! my sixteen year old self had no idea that poetry was “alive.” would’ve needed ocean vuong, @HieuMinh, @sallywenmao, @mafiasafia, solmaz sharif, harmony holiday, jenny xie and so many others. even lucille clifton, sharon olds, adrienne rich, cd wright. all.  …
I once ended things with a lady that pronounced Tony Toni Toné all differently. Smfh
WRITERS, this is for when people tell you that you're acting crazy: #amwriting 
The #Warriors MVP is Steph 
Thought ended with the Game? Think again!!! We've got a month full of #EagsMicdUp with hardest working coaches in College Football! First up is new Defensive Coordinator & Assistant Head Coach @Coach_Ena!!! #ProtectTheRed #ATS 
so so so close 
Happy place. #JuntosMiami (: Farid 
You're brilliant Ronni!!! Awesome, awesome investigative work!! Here's some pics of the said quote, Senate Committee details & source #auspol #ausvotes #AusVotes2019  
He’s the most patient person I think I’ve ever met. But I also think he knows they know he has them and enjoys watching them squirm and not know when he’s going to strike.
You ever opened up your safari and forgot you was watching porn yesterday
I’m teaching a workshop in a prison and my Uber driver asked me what I’m up to and I said “turning myself in” and now I’m enjoying how silent this car ride is.
For those of us who know Bill Clinton well, the best part of this video is him noting that “livestock getting stranded on islands happens more than you would  …
Real Life Progressives (™) like Waleed will vote Biden/Blue No Matter Who because Macho Orange Man. SO WILL YOU. He had no issue accepting Soros/Dem Alliance $$$while at Working Families Party, and YOU took 20 MILLION $$$from Wall Street to expand your  …
no offense but how did midnight get 10s in difficulty and BSB got 9.6-9.9....
That’s what’s up @daramabrey is #TheGobblers Female Rookie of the Year 
If you haven't read the #Mueller report yet, read this. It points out 5 key points, to the report. Very  …
seox when he uses three thousand and one talons  …
[ #TaehyungAlert] #Singularity-the state, fact, condition of being singular, uniqueness. In other words, #Taehyung. Post watermarked ss of BWL & Singularity for our GA. Use:  … #SingularityWithLuv #SingularityWithLuv_Day1 [ #BBMAsTopSocial BTS @BTS_twt] 
Follow his lead. Just wiggle your nose #dogcelebration #compulapdog #Goldenretrievers (Credit- golden_huck_fin 
"Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around"- Harry junto a Stevie Nicks en The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (completo:  
#internationaldanceday I got it covered 
excuse my raspy voice singing but the fact she says “the best time of their life’s (on instagram)” sjfjhsdhsjdhahdhjsdhsi love her so 
Life may not always be planned, but it is always worth it.
your kids are picking your retirement home now
Students at @TarletonState to save $250K annually from mere $10K in #OER funding. Similarly, @CSUCI has saved over $2M from a fraction of that sum in external funding. If you can think of a better rate of return on investment, I’d love to hear it!  …
Someone should help me beg this fish to release a new song na. 
you don't get to "disagree" with my existence. just say you're uneducated on the gender spectrum and go. poes  …
Kudos to @jamaaltbailey for making @CityAndStateNY #Power100, so well deserved! 
Softball Punches Ticket To CACC Tournament With Game Two Win over Concordia (N.Y.) 
i’m a 2019 world 
People definitely don’t understand “Do not judge”. You definitely should judge, but not by appearance; Judge righteously. You have to know what’s right and what’s wrong, and not what society says is morally acceptable nowadays.
"Vaccinations save lives, protect our children and are one of our greatest public health achievements. As public health officials, our role is to advance the health of the American people. This must include championing  …
Stop and consider how remarkable and correct this statement by ⁦⁦ @ChantalHbert⁩ is: “There is no guarantee that the  federal campaign will be free of climate-driven emergencies.” #cdnpoli #abpoli  …
mark lee is LITERALLY 
Exciting to get in vehicle at end of day and hear Boy With Luv on the radio! Thank you @ampcalgary & @thedjkav! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS 
my moms leaving, I can finally crank this damn AC
It's always hilarious when youtube claims the trending page is "organic". The Trending page is: 50% talk show hosts 25% music videos 25% James Charles EVERY SINGLE DAY.
How it feels trying to eat Little Caesars 
Game 
The Ace Attorney live action movie is scientifically proven to be the only acceptable video game adaptation
I need to fornicate soon if not
I took a break after the midterms, but these showed up today. Time to pull out my Sharpies. #PostcardsToVoters 
America's 1st Black Federal Magistrate Judge (1969) -- Honorable Arthur L. Burnett, Sr. AND Board Vice-President for  
Extremely excited and proud of @jessy_fell on  to play lacrosse at George Mason 
You don’t speak for his “supporters”, you speak for yourself. I don’t think much to this. What of our 4 million Labour Leave voters, whose vote we also still need to win next GE? And the Leave voters in marginals we need to win to get a majority? Do you want a Labour Govt?
Did anyone else’s heart just stop!? #JeopardyJames 
I dont even use my facecard/name like i could.
Sis in the pink aint tripping cuz she knows her fit is fresh Sis in the buttoned up collar tryna read what’s on the desk Sis with her hand on the chair is giving Trump til the count of 3. Shes at 2 White girl thinking “I hope my teammates believed me when I said I didnt wanna 
@ProsperISD RISE Educators celebration. We are so blessed to have @amylviars at @ProsperHS doing innovative work with our 
Power prices have gone through the roof and house values through the floor already under the Abbott-Turnbull-Morrisson government
You do not get to determine what I do or do not want out of my experience consuming fiction. That is up to me, and if someone doesn't respect that, why should I want to associate with them? I don't care what your opinions on storytelling are, this is about respecting my  …
"911? Yeah, there's an unlicensed vendor selling sneakers out of his trunk"
My friend did such a good 
Hey Grandpa what were the 2010s like? Well, kids there was this place called twitter where you could go and if you hate something and you could just blurt it out. But why didn’t y’all try to actually fix problems you were mad at? Shut up and eat your dinner capsule
Check it out! Thanks guys this is awesome So grateful for the ongoing support!!  …
@davidakin as a professional, impartial journalist, I'm sure you're willing to correct the record, 
today's 
the only reason ryan didn’t make the shortlist is cause emmerdale aren’t giving him a storyline and from this he can show what an incredible actor he is. for example a look into what he did when he was away from the village for so many years #robron
as someone who doesn’t keep up with game of thrones or marvel i’m pretty sure from what twitter is saying arya destroyed thanos
Hi! I started a newsletter called Extra Points today. It's about the off the field stuff, like money, history, media and more that shapes college football...stuff too long to tweet. It's free! You can subscribe here if you 
HESSA FOR THE 
I ain’t gon lie..... Women be doin some dumb  …
Ignitions  on South Bend 137 near Lost Tracks Golf Course off of China Hat Road. As a reminder, firefighters are planning to burn units West Bend COD 1 & 8 in the Phil’s Trailhead system tomorrow. There will be a short trail closure on a portion of Marvin’s 
Don’t worry, no spoilers... that picture is everything I have to 
We’re excited to debut our alternate uniform for this week along with our new mode of transportation! Can’t wait to put ‘em to 
The Lucarios have very big cocks ~ 
Michigan defensive coordinator Don Brown on #Steelers LB Devin  …
 back @twistandshout1 Obsession!!
soft babie bopping his head wanna cup your face and poke your cheeks 
LOL the Chargers are 3-9 vs the Chiefs with Keenan Allen.
Limits on Opioid Prescribing Leave Patients With Chronic Pain Vulnerable. | Guidelines | JAMA | JAMA  …
Bruh I fr fr got mad love for a couple people in  @SuseranFN @DareSixR @_Chiefyyy @iBrunoFN @oMonarx @DIZZASTIR @PhobiaFN @atFuzion y’all fr fr my mf family and yall been there for the kid much love to all of you guys
TREASURY EXPLAINS ITSELF: TRUMP administration's sanctions deal allowed DERIPASKA to transfer co. shares to a trust fund for his kids because "Deripaska's children were legally entitled to these shares pursuant to an agreement finalized prior to  …
LIVE 1 HOUR EARLY cause it’s #InternationalDanceDay Come dance with meeeee  
Shepherd Hill 13 Auburn 12. Unbelievable effort and resilience for a HUGE win
Glasgow’s Green and White 
Final from Panther Field: @CHSBaseball2312 9, Woodruff 2. Chapman wins 3A District 2, will host to begin the Upper State round on 
Shearer giving some honest 
Very soon some people  and say Game of thrones is the “devils series” and it’s the Illuminati at work. Smh
I just figured out why Trump serves fast food. He must have sold all of the White House silverware! Has anybody checked Ebay for it?
idk what sickness i’ve caught but i have this intense need to get married, have another baby and maybe buy a home in the countryside w a garden & never to be seen by the general public again
#NCT127inDAL greeting nct at dallas 
You can never go wrong with pony bleps!  
Rihanna: a 
This 
“Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a big  down from the trees in the first place, and some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no-one should ever have left the oceans.” - Douglas Adams, Hitchhiker’ Guide to the Galaxy
Since “Iron Man 2,” Black Widow has been an accessory and an afterthought in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, @sophieGG 
If anyone ever needs anything, feel free to message me. You’re never alone, you’re always enough, and things will be okay. Even when you’re not on your own side, I am. You have a purpose. I love you.
This Busquets 
Congrats to Anna Kate Karstens of @UGAVolleyball for receiving the SEC Brad Davis Community Service Post Graduate Scholarship Award! #DawgsChoiceAwards @annakkarstens 
Steppin 
hi im gigi and I cry to beep boop bop 
I personally think all of richmond hill should have their own TV show this summer. Thoughts ? @MTV
Xavier wulf is my favorite anime character
Good morning, today is Twitter 1st anniversary “Congratulations” Since I started Twitter on the same day because of you. I’m happy, enjoy and fun, so I will continue to have fun together. Thank you for keeping us in touch, even though we are far away. 
Trump Attacks Union Leadership After Biden Gets Firefighters’ Support: ‘Membership Wants 
To keep healthy relationships that consist of respect, you have to set boundaries
crockpot 
With my @bennettcollege student team presenting at @American_Heart. Competing for #EmPOWEREDToServe 
ish without beanie? whats going on 
I mean, I’ve been saying Game of Thrones is too dark ever since that guy pushed that poor little Stark kid off the tower, but okay
shout out my 
What do we say to the God of 
i've been telling y'all since day one mcu steve a ho "oh but look at this innocent little baby no one will dance with the baby" yeah that's a baby ho
Closer look at Venomized Rocket Raccoon 
The violent wrath of the state will harm so many innocents of color because AI is increasingly central to policing despite being long proven to misidentify poc faces. The dystopian future is  …
Great weekend at Ubbi Dubbi with my fam 
This doesn't even put a dent in my Harry Potter collection!! I might be obsessed. 
Let me know if we lying or not. Can’t be out here telling the truth by myself.
i'm so bad at replying to people lmao
i love you amiga, can’t wait to meet your little one! 
A lil late but here’s a few pics from this weekend 
The 2019 Talons award for Athletic Trainer of the Year is Kerri Collier (Cross Country, Wrestling and 
i will never understand men that fuck around on funny, smart, beautiful, 10/10 all around girls like she doesn’t have a line of men she’s ignoring for him out the damn door begging for a chance y’all really dumb as fuck
Thanks so much for having me #sodevcon! As promised, please check out the slides from my talk on #buildingteams and don't forget to use your special discount code: SOUTHERNDEV for 20% off @RefactrTech  …
Hey @warnermusic, @WarnerChappell, @WarnerBrosEnt Let's play a game. It's called "Discovery". Let's examine if you considered whether @sagehyden's video was fair use under Lenz, 801 F.3d 1126 (9th Cir. 2015) before you took the video down. Spoiler alert: You didn't!
#mementomori  …
WAIT! Minhyuk’s shirt says “one hunnit” we all know someone with a famous line “one hunnit!” So if we add that together... MINHYUK IS LITERALLY WEARING JOOHONEY. lol not really but wow. The desperation for Joohyuk content is real. Ugh. Someone just slap 
My accent + tone of voice + pace of speech is not a  I stayyy repeating myself to people out here
Times of change again today at @canberratimes with ACM sold to Antony Catalano & Thorney Investments Group ... exactly 55 years to the day since the masthead was sold to John Fairfax Ltd in 
I stand by what I said eight years ago; we are now in a different world. The  I mentioned was trying to help Oxfordshire keep 20 libraries open instead of closing them as the council planned. Nothing to do with privatisation.
i noticed kj has chemistry with almost everyone on riverdale (from the „teens“)
Dawg if 2 blind ppl fuck n get a kid who ago watch di baby?
the way i can turn my feelings on and off is a skill at this point
Some people call me a slut, but I'm also an alcoholic
Dynamic conversation on prosperity in the Americas at #MIGlobal on trade, migration, polarizing politics. On all those  out ahead, seizing on opportunities! Thank you to @KaminskiMK @politico for leading this 
That’s  …
esse medo me consome...
Thank you @dyro874 for adding me to the big birthday bash. Here are my 10 @hustler_chitown @308saiga @wwwillstand @ArmandKllein @TodKAGWarrior @catnap1013 @DeplorableJuJuV @FairyQ15 @DeplrbleRzistr @D_Eric_L
embody the love you have been deprived of
 …
29 Apr 1776, shortly after the American victory at Boston, General George Washington orders Brigadier General Nathanael Greene to  of Long Island and set up defensive positions against a possible British attack on New York City. #RevWar 
See you soon, Megan  …
Used To Teaser Full preview out Friday 7pm 
God is in control of everything & he only wants what is best for us. I am blessed to say I am the new Offensive Coordinator at Heritage High School in Conyers, Ga. -Galatians 5:22-23 #PatriotsNation #AirItOut #FastFightFinish #TempoTempoTempo #GodWillAnswerYourPrayers 
Don’t get better then keeping it real from start
need me a lil boo or something .
Sarah must have gotten this one from Ivanka's new "25 to life" clothing 
Yesterday’s #GameofThones episode was a great depiction of single-point-of-failure architectures. Even Voldemort knew the the power of fault tolerance and implemented Horcruxes.
There you GoHave a blessed 
Clout just ain’t for everyone these days
Ah, yes, the “voluntary slave.” Which fits in the same category as the “peaceful war” and the “diet Big 
I’m ready to start releasing all of this content now. The videos, poems, music and book stuff. It’s go time
Now I'mfallingasleep Andshe'scallingacab Whilehe'shavingasmoke And she'stakingadrag Nowthey'regoingtobed Andmystomachissick Andit'sallinmyhead Butshe'stouchinghis ... CHEST...
April 29, 2018 : Taylor via instagram “Darling I'm a nightmare dressed like a.... girl rehearsing for her tour that starts in 9 
This year's Male Club Sports Stand-Out Performance Award is presented to...Ice Hockey's Trenton 
I really don’t hold no hate in my life I play way too much & I’m very friendly
. @Willie_Mack is awesome. That is all.
“make sure these people know i work for these RTs” — will 
THE PENNY WAR IS ON! bring in your coins to raise against other classes. whoever gains the most points WINS 
Coaching reminder from my 9 yr old...Just because you tell them what to do doesn’t mean they understand. Be humble enough to admit that sometimes it’s the delivery, not always the kid. Your patience with them will show you truly care.
Anti-GSA activist, guy  the rainbow flag to the swastika and close Kenney ally, John Carpay, loses another GSA court challenge. #ableg  …
The more I get the more I want
How Big Is Your State’s Share of $6 Trillion in Unfunded Pension Liabilities? That’s a whopping $18,676 for every man, woman, and child, or nearly $50,000 for every household in America. #VoterID #VoterFraud  …
Your Social Status (Followers, Subs, ect.) does not define who you are and how far you will make it in life. Make sure you set goals outside of Gaming and Social Media and work towards them just as much as you do here! #MondayMotivation #LifeTips #TheBTLN
Considering starting a podcast where I watch Judge Judy from the beginning, watch, and review every episode ever. My life's work because I'll probably die before I finish.
sir did I do it right tho ? 
Hot. Or Not (Halal). You 
 …
I need a baecation
I don’t know about y’all but I’m just trying to find a girl that i can love 3000
this honestly gave me anxiety and i wasn’t even 
Man, life throws so many different things at you. How you respond is what makes you or what breaks you
Here! 
Socialism: benefits for the few paid for by bankruptcy for the many.
Sounds about white.
Small Coed 5 Final Scores are now online  Reviewing of Tie Breaking policies can be seen on 
According to Colombian outlet,  Manotas is on the radar of the Colombia  …
Oop! It appears that Mr. "I moved to NYC for peace but the coloreds won't stop shouting" deleted his tweet.  at you fast
princess without a 
he 
When roddy rich said “gave her 10 bands just to blow at Sephora” I couldn’t relate. :(
Eligibility issues or not, I can still play ball. Here some film from this past season’s practice. Give me an opportunity, and I’ll handle the rest! DT 6’3 | 300lbs | 4.9 40yd dash | 225 x 40 reps | 4.6 20yd shuttle | @DraftDiamonds @MAnzio77 @dlinevids1 @DamondTalbot 
So many great answers, Stacey. I'm still smiling about your country music song.
I'm overwhelmed by positive responses from this video Feel good to know that people like my content  …
The recent increase in anti-teacher, anti-educator & anti-union rhetoric from @fordnation @VictorFedeli @LisaThompsonMPP is just the start. As a majority government, it  very easy to keep blaming others when you hold all the power. #OSSTF #onted  …
Recreated @ashseantaylor look using the @MorpheBrushes x @jamescharles palette. I fell in love with color 
So look.....ima need all y’all at  …
I hope the Econ dept has stocked up on aloe vera, cause that burn is gonna need some TLC.
bts is finally in america that means bts lockdown until further notice 
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned or worn. It is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude. GOOD MORNING Sunshine @louyanong 
the capitalist mode of storytelling is: "never ever stop, do it over and over again."
@taylornation13 Just wanted to let you know I graduate from nursing school soon 
In my 22 years of life I have never had a bad taquito. Can you say the same?
You should definitely check out @TechConnectify's video on FlexPlay, which is one of the weirder media formats from the last 15 years. It's a variant of DVD that's supposed to be a no-return-rental, and it does it with SELF DESTRUCTING  …
Well well. Almost. She only saved him 3  …
Celebrate #InternationalDanceDay by watching @DerekHough reenact some famous Housewives dance moves in the Clubhouse.  
Completely agree but behavioural economics only a subsection of the full behavioural toolbox. Let’s use all the tools at our disposal to improve care and lives! @SusanMichie @JPresseau  …
People do everything but mind they fucking business
Sir, this is an Arby's...
We’ve got some new players at our weekly this time 
WE ARE STREAMING 
This is my favorite Super Mario Odyssey boss. Why? Because you literally fight him around an entire kingdom. He is just so much 
Our Men's Anne McCloskey Leadership Award winner is, from @LoyolaMSOC, Mickey Watson! 
Shorten offered positive policy and sensible solutions to problems that concern the majority of us. Morrison just denigrated his opponent.
what the FUCK is even the POINT of going to COLLEGE 
Lil 
pay the man,  …
Jeon legend. #BBMAsTopSocial 
South Cobb Got The Best Hits Ez 
He hit me and it felt like a 
The audacity of some people mann over here like “pErIoDT” ... on behalf of all black men we trade you to the Hispanics, effective 
this makes me sick. What an awful man.
Jeopardy James had a close call 
what does it mean if a skater boy gives u a ring
"My Chandria. You bloomed into a beautiful young woman. Pero hindi nawala ang baby lambing mo. You deserve the Love you have, you deserve the stardust the universe has showered upon you. Love you." —Ms. Kakai Bautista 
Another proud moment for @iAmTheWarax as our child asks our friend, “So are you also being funny on Twitter all day?” “Um, no?” “Why not. You’re an adult.”
The face you make when you’ve underestimated how Powerful and Dope Black folks are but at the end of the day you reluctantly gotta give it up to the culture!! #GODS  …
what do bald girls do when they have a breakdown?? they can’t cut their hair, they don’t have any. do they cut their pubes??
@tylerrjoseph hey dude. im about to start my 2 month long trip following the bandito tour and i just want to tell you how grateful i am for you and your music. these next 2 months im going to conquer my biggest fears and cross so many things off my bucket list.
this deadass kept playing in my head in the 
To all whose support the Islamist campaign #hijab in West, as you celebrate today, there are a thousand of brave ladies in Iran, that are currently being imprisoned and tortured! Shame on you.. Shame on you!
Aubrey Kay Lott has arrived! We may spend our first few weeks at children's mercy but couldn't ask for a more precious little 
Congratulations to our new officers for Drill and 
Hunter Dozier on teaming up with Big Brothers Big Sisters in KC: "We play a game for a job, but it's a platform that we can affect so many different people and that's number one in my heart." @BBBSKC | 
Or should I say Agent Groot because it obviously says first name not last name
This culture of empowerment, the strength of the woman who brought me into the world and the love of the women who continue to raise me: this is what matters to me.
Jeopardy James won again today and it was honest to god more anxiety inducing than end game and game of 
. @thewillwitt, ranting. California is crazy. 
. @VancouverSun story on BC's update to labour rules today, limiting age of young workers and updating the way employment disputes are handled -- including reaction, praise and concern from @bcfed @BizCouncilBC @bcagcouncil and @FirstCallBC  #bcpoli
I envision a world where women celebrate each other’s successes and embrace each other’s vulnerabilities. I know what it feels like to be scared to dream and scared to show the world what matters to you.
See you soon Big Apple Hope to see my NY people out 
Ppl gathered in PGH to show solidarity w/ those impacted by the California synagogue shooting. "It's hard to see my people hurting so badly again," said Alan Hausman, VP of Tree of Life congregation. "We need to let the world see that there's a lot more good than bad out 
The al-Baghdadi video is significant for many reasons but here’s an easy one: he has by far and away more armed followers right now during the group’s latest nadir than Bin Laden ever did at his zenith.
Honestly this look makes me want contacts so I can actually 
worst show don’t  …
When you meet someone, you never know what they have gone through to get to where they 
Pre-polls are open at old Beaufort Hotel in Darwin. Come in and vote for Luke Gosling. Let’s be rid of the Abbott/Turnbull/Morrison farce so we can have a First Nations Voice referendum, end CDP, and #changetherules so that workers can get a pay rise! 
she's so precious i can't deal with 
It's happening again! If i try to retweet anything that is less  about Corbyn. I get informed that "Sorry this tweet has been deleted" Who by Twitter? on Corbyn's instruction? Funny but no other Political leader seems to block my 
oh hey 
To keep their attention, your content must  and it needs to educate the buyer about something new and exciting. People love to  …
a good 20% of the Dazed 100 is people I know, I'm so proud of them
And I spotted Bigfoot's footprints in Singapore last Sunday. What a 
"so anyways that's what it's like to win the World Series." -Definitely not what Madison Bumgarner is saying to Clayton Kershaw 
I think RR is a white hat.
If you are happy with your current kicker you aren’t drafting one in the 5th  …
The Phoenix opens the 2019 Men's @NCAATennis Championships on Friday, May 3, at 1 p.m. against Georgia in Chapel Hill! #phoenixrising 
wooyoung - thor • tbh idek they both crackheads • they SWEAR they funny • boo boo the fools but mad powerful at the end of the 
The Poway Synagogue Shooting Follows an Unsettling New  …
My dad just found out that a crucial med he has taken for 30 years is suddenly no longer paid by Medicare and will cost him $300 out of pocket each month. This is in no way close to @VABVOX 's cost, but it seems to be happening to many. Fix this,  …
President Trump Celebrates with 2019 NCAA Div-1 Women’s Basketball National Champions…   …
soft! rings! (stop doing that i know what ur 
jungkook 
yoongles says thank you for voting for them Stream Boy With Luv!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS @BTS_twt
. @DGreen_14 is feeling it pregame! #WeTheNorth | 
Armeries don't give this article clout. They mentioned bunches of other kp0p groups. NO FREE 
you heard her 
I will be boycotting the above-mentioned businesses until Tucker, Hannity, and Ingraham cease the incessant spouting of unsubstantiated lies and hateful rhetoric about and of Trump. Thank you for your time.
QUEENS!!  …
houston owes me 
And there’s a lot of cool chicks out there that need to meet Taylor: @oldlady_swiftie @SprksFly4Taylor @shurider17 @dutch_swifties @kaylahbrynn13 @bestdaytay @jamieek10 @stillinnocent13 @tarahlovestay @DuchessSwiftie @KimGsell @TaNnEytWiT @taylornation13 @taylorswift13
i miss ubbi dubbi... today has been the worst post festival depression that i have ever had. The tears just won’t  I love you so sad it’s over @UbbiDubbiFam
Wish our school was like this  …
This was how big my baby was at the first appointment! Read my blog post to see the picture I took with my LS when I realized I might really be pregnant  
I have never had more anxiety than watching this episode jakJZjcisjakbvjanzknoIhaknakdkan
Right. The last couple of months have been very telling. We always knew there was an orchestrated campaign going on to assassinate her character. But to actually read who was behind it(thanks Tim Shipman), makes me seriously sick.
Watching Game of Thrones from a tactical perspective and I guess everyone who knows how to organize a battle line or use a castle as a strongpoint died three seasons ago.
Slumping slugger Jesus Aguilar hits hits first home run of 2019, a two-out, three-run shot in the first inning that puts the Brewers on the board against the Rockies.
WELL WILL YOUR FAVS EVER IM 
Climb the taller peaks. | MN | @poopinyomouf - 
I seem to recall @senatemajldr essentially giving the middle finger to a bipartison effort to alert the public. I wonder why?
SAY IT!!! it’s fucking cool, get rid of the unattainability and lack of closeness between fan and idol in controlled settings... it would be amazing to have them in acoustic sets at local music stores or even  …
Rest in the sweetest peace, Andrew
Looks like golf ball to egg sized hail (1.75"-2.00") in Wink, TX this evening! #txwx #StormTracker9 @NWSMidland Photo Courtesy: Fabian Danielle 
Liberals are trying extremely hard to change America. We as Patriotic Americans cannot allow the liberal media to get away with this. The liberal Politicians also. Vote them out!
An updated version of our paper: Using equivalence class counts for fast and accurate testing of differential transcript usage. @marekcmero @nadia_davidson New version in @F1000Research with responses to reviewers @areyesq @fellgernon @KVittingSeerup  …
proud of you, 2016  …
Lady Gaga and Ava Max are the ONLY artists to currently have 2 songs in the Top 10 of the iTunes Worldwide chart simultaneously! @LadyGaga: #3 - Shallow #9 - Always Remember Us This Way @AvaMax: #5 - Sweet but Psycho #10 - So Am 
Taking applications 
Can’t say how happy I am for this group! So proud to be their Coach! We ain’t done yet! Love these guys! 
This end of semester lack of motivation is killing me
Can't stop imagining Tommy Wiseau saying "What do you think you are? You think you are some kind of Super Mario?"
Happy Birthday Adedayomi. You open where I close. You bless me with laughter. You are the wind beneath my 
Mooks is Shadow Banned Retweet to help release her. @GhostOfLuv3 MOOKS GhostofLuv is Shadow Banned Please RETWEET TO HELP HER GET RELEASED @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 @GhostOfLuv3 
Brace yourselves for an exciting Tuesday with the Hiwaga ng Kambat cast @Barber_Edward_ @graecamfer @maymayentrata07 @ChantalVidela_ on SHOWTIME, KAPAMILYA CHAT, MOR and DZMM today, April 30. 
I really wish OpTic had a Rocket League team.
3/3 Saint Sebastian doing a little dance as he is shot full of arrows. Predella of Pala Ottoni by Carlo Crivelli, whose day is 
you’d be dumb to lose me on some rs
Oh my this guy is brilliant. Check out his other stuff @getbentsaggy
Today was the start of my last week of classes ever...
Voting rights for incarcerated people will be an issue that won’t go away, so it’ll be interesting to see how he handles this issue in the south and other  Because his devoted white supporters won’t be enough to shield him away from criticisms on his  …
I heard DarkSkins winning 
You ever zone out while driving and pass a light then think to yourself was that light even green
One of the funniest things is when people find out that other people have information about them and they get mad at the ones that they specifically don’t like.
Governor Newsom Directs State Agencies to Prepare Water Resilience Portfolio for  …
Watch Game 3 live right now on @NBCSN and the NBC Sports App, or listen on @Y98 FM and the NHL App. #stlblues #WeAllBleedBlue OR WATCH ONLINE 
Here are my favorite pictures from 
Significant news. Goldy’s financing, including her personal accounts, will  public. It will be perhaps the best look we’ve had yet into who is financing the far-right in Canada.  …
The only thing this pic proves is  …
I would be interested to know if anyone has ever heard pf a person "converting" after seeing a Gideon's Bible in a hotel or motel  …
Imagine thinking that it's a good idea to have an epic video with porn sounds in it as #1 on your 854 person leaderboard who the fuck thought this was a good idea
missing 
Huge weekend for the boys. Robert wins his first NSIC decathlon and Noah places 8th in his first ever dec. Robert is the third wildcat to win the NSIC decathlon in the last four years. Derek Lahm (2018) and Josh Spenner (2016) were the other two winners 
This is ours and this is part of us. #JamAndRock is here to stay. Please tag any  act that you want to see performing in every episode Powered by 
carol and wanda when they saw 
The schnide is over for Jesus Aguilar as he belts a three-run HR to CF off Kyle Freeland in the first inning. Very long, slow trot home, and a big smile on Aguilar's face as he crosses home plate.
Lemme catch you slippin beibi and ima shoot you with this 
I feel like it’s a flaw of mine that i feel like i can cut anybody off and not care. I don’t think that’s good lol
I feel  watching  …
[PIC] 190429 Kim Heechul IG Update: #작업실 #TVN #Heechul #김희철 #희철 #SuperJunior 
You know what's better than sex?? NAMJOON!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS @BTS_twt 
From District Court Judge Kathleen Sweeney’s 
 fangs like bois in locker  D's mines longer yes but mine have girth
Henry will pre-released a single this May 9  
Need a good read? I've got your back.  … @_karenjgonzalez @srdlobdell @KSPrior @shawnsmucker @andilit @mskathykhang @AliaJoyH @leslie_verner @caramac54 @CisnerosCafe @pronounced_ing @doctorow 
Deborah..ignore these  …
Call her a Mary Sue again. I dare 
Because people kept asking me for this scene of The Crystal Shards, there you go. lmao Not gonna lie, I kinda like doing these, they are pure as hell. Ribbon is such a cutie 
This is a must read for anyone interested in their country. I think our motto should be TAKE CANADA BACK  …
missing them  …
Conner Hubler gives the Hawks the lead in the 5th with his 2nd Home Run of the 
I can't stop thinking about this one shot in Mission Impossible: Fallout. There's a stealth edit towards the end but the single swooping camera motion is fantastic and I'm not sure exactly how they even did 
The Windows Server Summit is later this month - you can tell because of the volume of new  out. The team put out this article about management options between Windows Admin Center / System Center and Azure Management. Have a read ->  
Congratulations to our graduating 
Hey @Kia_Motors I was looking at the Soul but you have this pig, Robert DiNero as your spokesperson and you named a car after him! Uh no thanks y’all are off the list, too bad the Soul was just what we 
Things we do for #F8.. @tomocchino looks familiar? #borrowNotsteal #React It's @JoelMarcey 
Billboard Hot 100: #88(+1) Faucet Failure, @THESLUMPGOD [9 weeks]. *peak: #87*
Young Thug and Rich Homie Quan will always be one of the best duos out
New York City, ONLY ONE MORE DAY to choose the one book we’ll be reading together all summer long! Vote now for your #OneBookNY pick, from books by @fatimafmirza, @JackieWoodson, @minjinlee11, #PattiSmith & #NicholasaMohr.  
"Draco, years ago, I knew a boy who made all the wrong choices. Please, let me help you." – 
Also, thanks to the 12k people who follow me! I'm honored you willingly allow me to muddy up your timeline with fanart and skins stuff! Also, if you don't remember when we announced the "shounen skins", it was in January in a dev blog (around 0:55)  …
Best wishes for a lifetime of happiness to  & Nichole!  …
Give away details: - I'll have a neutral party choose 5 random replies on May 1. - This is for all servers except Tencent servers (sorry, I have no access there) - Winners announced on May 1, but skins will be distributed when they go live (not saying when that is tho ;))
I am blessed to receive another Division 1 Offer from Oklahoma University #GoSooners @Dannylandberg 
Thank you for all the art, feedback and friendship! To celebrate, I'll be giving 5 people the full set of "shounen anime" skins when they go live ٩(◕‿◕)۶ No need to follow me, just reply before April 30 23:59PDT with a funny moment using skins in-game! (Details in next 
I’m convinced Bernie doesn’t want to be president and he knows he won’t win the nom. Like Trump before him, this is a money making scam to line Bernie’s pockets. The info given to that app will be sold to the highest bidder.
Just wanted to extend a huge thanks to our Supt Tracy Hayhurst @LN22_tdsb our LC4 Exec Supt Sandy Spyropoulos @s_spyropoulos , our TDSB Robotics Administrator Annika Pint @AnnikaPint for all of your support to all TDSB Teams! @Paul_Ed @RunnymedeCI from  …
idk what girl needs to hear this ... but it’s ok to have capital letters in ur text
seeing ioi gonna reunion with new album make me believe that i’m gonna see my boys together again! i will wait!
know your 
 back to Las Vegas my Loves!!!!! Have a great time at BBMAs!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS 
FINAL - Jordan 5, Holly Springs 2. Big Non- Conference win for the Falcons. Jordan improves to 20-3 overall. Big game tomorrow to claim an outright TRI6 Title at Panther Creek at 4:30. #UnFinished
This young guy will break your ankles. And was on @SavannahStateFB campus this past weekend. @Tyelam_27  …
Zainab is wrongly arrested for a drug case in another country, this is the right time to see the relevance of Buhari‘s up & down to other countries. Protecting the dignity of ur citizens abroad should be a fundamental aspect of any serious Foreign policy. #FreeZainab
why couldn’t I just be born rich dawg
They will be remembered to have died as heros #BattleOfWinterfell 
She doesn’t have to out-left him to win. And besides, sanders isn’t as far left as people think. I’m to the left of sanders and still basically an international centrist
Why is it ridiculous that they are finally enforcing this? It has been a frustration of people who do move their cars for years. People have ignored it because there were no repercussions.
cʼmon tiddies. we ainʼt jobless. hereʼs our job: — stream crown — stream cat & dog — stream blue orangeade — stream our summer — stream nap of a star IN ALL MUSIC PLATFORMS — tag @TXT_members & @TXT_bighit on your tweets — love all the members equally — stan txt everyday
just remembered black masks knee
ICE is trump’s SS. btw, have we all forgotten that ICE managed to lose hundreds, possibly thousands, who knows really, of children? or that they keep babies in cages  genocide against young children? but “fake families” are what we should be outraged  …
What is going on?! My skin feels clearer, the weather just got nicer and I'm pretty sure I just grew 3 inches taller!!! Hmmmmm must mean BTS has landed!!!!  @BTS_twt #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
@McDonalds I pledge never; ever; to eat at your restaurants while you advertise on FOX NEWS. FOX NEWS promotes hate and lies.
President Trump honored the Baylor women’s basketball team today at the WH, but in this playful, light-hearted gathering, the sick and disgusting Media only wanted to talk about white 
if maxence danet fauvel murders me DO NOT PROSECUTE HIM because he caught ME slipping. that is on 
The Tom and Anna Belle Akers Family Degree Completion Award recipients are @ASTATETRACK Michael Carr and @AStateSoccer Riley Ebenroth! #WolvesUp | 
You’ve got this Joey  …
i wrote this over my last two days with my dad before he passed. it's far from perfect but i don't  …
Chicken Caesar salads in the making 
lil baby mihkinâhk (turtle) earrings I'm working on 
Go lady lions we learning how to hunt. Can't wait for year 2 and big new gym to open. 
This past weekend was undoubtedly one of the toughest color guard callback auditions ever. Top notch talent from all over the country didn’t make things easy for the staff, but we are excited about what’s  from this group throughout the summer! #SCV19 
Also while  mane I feel like I pay taxes on EVERYTHING. So many damn taxes. Lawd. Unclee Sam got me in the wrong bracket fam. I really feel like I got taxed extra for being ugly or something. When are we eating the 
Meanwhile, Joe Rogan who shares the exact same views is *never* called TERF, nor is Renee Richards, a former trans woman athlete who advocates the same. There is a double-standard here I hope you can see as plainly as I see it.
its exhausting being a loba
I hate depression , bc some days you’re good some days you’re not. And for me today it’s just one of does days that feels like the world is falling apart on top of me.
Don’t dress for the gig you have, dress for the gig you’re gonna  …
Anyone else never had a classroom birthday party at school because your birthday was in the summer?
“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.” (Audrey 
Can we please relax about 'socialism'? OH HELLNO We will NOT relax or shut up about scourge of socialism. Millions have died either fighting or living w/socialism. It's not a new fad this little twit dreamed up & all the cool kids are trying. DON'T BE RIDICULES  …
New Song Infinite (Prod. ⁦ @angelus7k⁩ X ⁦ @maxvon000⁩) Run It Up For The Ep  …
Michael Wacha vs. 9th place hitters (pitchers) this year: 10 PA 2 HRs 2 BB .400 OBP 1.000 SLG #stlcards
#Sooners new name to get to know on the 2020 offensive line recruiting board [D]  
Disgusting. FTA: "In the screengrab, the slide refers to a preborn child as a "legitimate parasite" that "invades" its mother and "manipulates" her  …
captain america was really playing with thor’s hammer while he was sleep, no way he was hitting  first try
Didn’t get  but pics was too ICEY to keep in the gallery -tHE M08 #UNTAlphaWeek2k19 #SLAA2k19 @valley_915 @MayaRu__ - 
Me trying to finish the semester 
I’m not crying your crying!!!! So proud of my best friend who is in @Cosmopolitan  …
she’s a thousand different things, and not a single one of them is ordinary.
GAME FACE 
| Tyler during warmups a few minutes ago(2)! Via @jeffk_stars IG 
Watching Final Jeopardy was so much more fun than watching this team right now.
Look, I personally don’t care what you choose to do...drink, don’t drink, smoke, don’t smoke. But if you’re paying 15 dollars for a lemon water, you are my enemy and I will ridicule you  …
High School Basketball player: *exists* Pitt fans: “Can he move into the class of 2019?”
WTF. Next the people will  about public money being paid to primary school or high school teachers. FFS why do we pay doctors? Nurses? Bus and train drivers? And the list goes on.
Me @Danny and her dragons after the battle of winterfell: #DemThrones #GameofThrones #ThronesYall 
