I am outraged by what is happening at the border to the immigrants. I am a nurse and mother and grandmother.. How can we stop this inhumanity. They have gone too far..This is all cruel and against our American beliefs...This is wrong..
my username is hollenhaal for a 
hello, i've decided to upload a few mixes before the year ends lol. i took a break and i hope you guys understand. thank you for being patient with me :) Under Construction  … Building Bridges  … Vibe Zone  
4.5 out of 5 stars and ranked 9 out of 16, 
Special guest for  toss tonight, @dallascowboys legend Randy White. @TheOldCoach |  – at Roffino Stadium
Occasionally, I set cases of beer out for the garbage men. You never know when you might need them to take out "suspicious" trash without any questions.
Hannah John-Kamen teases the return of Ghost in the MCU — 'All I can say is that Ghost didn't die' (via 
sunshine 
Can’t wait!!! Season 2! therookieabc #costumedesigner892 #ilovemyjob #bestcrewever #bestcast  …
Celebrating the anniversary of our first date - many, many years ago. Time moves too fast but true love ... true love is timeless.  …
These are the fruits of the wrecking 5th Column, the cumulative effects of their serial lies, the mishandling of them by the Labour leaders, the gross errors over #Brexit, the idiots slagging the Queen and threatening to occupy bridges and block roads. This is catastrophic...
Funny yet not funny, but  …
GO 
your order is 
"Fixing all the things that cause child poverty will take time, but one thing we can do straight away is make sure kids get at least one decent meal a day." Prime Minister @jacindaardern  …
You rather cry in a Lamborghini or a 02' Honda  …
Oh wow it's so gorgeous 
Pursuit of Pleasure Collaboration with the super talented 
What 
So proud of @BethuneES students & teachers. I know this will be the case in ALL subject areas on all assessments. The vision has been given & the team is ready to execute with precision! Keep it going!! I am so excited for the students. Make sure to celebrate them!  …
Houston: Already won recently, not fair Yankees: are you joking Twins: morally opposed Atlanta: get rid of tomahawk chop and we can talk Dodgers: absolutely not Cardinals: worst possible  Cubs: 2nd worst Nationals: nobody cares
tweeting this everyday until twitter shuts 
 …
Megan Thee Pony is a genius name
I’d pull up and ruin brunch while playing Jodeci. Go fight that man. Take your love back  …
ZINGGGGGG
Come on 
Goodnight oomfs, excited for tomorrow  …
I'm totally out of witty responses. This thread has crippled me. But I will parkour through your house yes
Some images from the Yet Another Chinese Smallsat Rocket launch (TM) of KZ-1A which just launched at 23:41 UTC. Launch is currently still 
you know what's the hardest thing in this world? keep getting attach to people who doesn't deserve your love
So For gears 4 we had a club for scrims , gbs , etc. I want to make a Xbox gears 5 club in regarding Scrims and everything else. Would anybody be interested in joining? I feel as if this method would be another outlet to use for scrimming.
Still waiting on the fetal heartbeat people to speak up.
Someone was excited to ride the bus for the first time today!!! #classof2032 - oh the places you’ll go, 
There’s an interesting thing that happens when white passing people are identified to be “non white” by white people. Something that is not to be underestimated.
The Mafia explained to the British people in Plain English that the Conservatives were the biggest Crooks on the planet , Just Look at Who funds them , Who runs their Media & Propaganda , Who defends their Dishonesty , Who guides their Crap laws through the House Of Lords•
Fajr prayer is a chance to judge yourself on how close you are to Allah. How much do you want to jannah? Enough to leave your bed and pray fajr.
Where's the  …
the edge has the softness AND the crunch, it's the best of both worlds by hannah montana
So many beautiful girls on my TL I'm happy
The Braves plated four in the second against Nova, who entered tonight with a 0.94 ERA over his past seven starts. This is the first time since July 17 he's allowed more than two runs in a start.
Proud to be a Golden 
10 reasons why the Rangers are retiring No. 10. And neither the Yellow Pages or his fear/hatred of clowns are 
People around us don’t always get it right. And, let us not forget, we don’t always get it right either. Relationships require a mature understanding of give-and-take. Let’s remember the grace that God has given us  to extending that same grace to others.
Well well, that actually was fair and balanced.More of this, 
Luis  in to pitch for the Yankees. Will update on Sabathia as soon as we have one.
Going to cons: me seeing how much it costs me VS me doing it anyways because I wanna see the people that I 
I had a dream last night that the prescribed  collectively wrote a book about their experiences. Each member had their own chapter and it became a best seller. It was like the bible, only with true stories.
190831 Ni Ni from Photographer An (刘健安AN) Instagram #NiNi 
X1 (엑스원) 'FLASH' MV TEASER 2019. 09. 01 6PM X1 1ST MINI ALBUM ‘비상 : QUANTUM LEAP’ Release! @SONNE_ENTER #X1 #IXONE #QUANTUMLEAP 
Die for me bitch I’m perfect 
Novak with some slow serves (and then a little faster ones) and then talks to a guy in the crowd that was provoking him. #USOpen
can tuwaine stop being soft on the 
Ready for the start of another great season of Fighting Farmer football #TodayAtLHSK #FarmerPride  – at Max Goldsmith Stadium
Danielle O'toole closes the sixth inning!! 
riku is a cross between a sappy and a casual romantic like he'll spontaneously give sora flowers and poetry just because and sora exists on a scale of "unable to go four minutes without touching riku or being with him" and "if riku so much as looks at me a certain way i'll die"
Monarchs win second match of the day against Bellevue West 25-20, 25-10. Papio South up next. #relentless #KeepItGoin #TrustTheProcess
Good morning, KiaNo's!! Goodluck po sa first charity event.. Wish we could be there to help out.. our spirit is with you sa event na to.. We're so proud of you, @KIANO_OFFICIAL family.. :) You have a big heart. Continue to inspire and to serve. Love you! KIANO FirstCharityEvent
yeahhh right now I’m better off by myself lols
Is "All I Need" 'all you need' for your Friday? I'm bad at puns...I'll get back in the studio. Thank you @RelentlessBeats & @heather_kupka for the write up on my latest original with @DirtyfunM & @DNDRECS  …
Are you guys 
The police have told her that he could  back. He doesn’t care if there is an injunction. She took a gun refresher course today and will be carrying from now on. She is 5ft. He is 6ft5. The only chance she has of stopping him is with a gun.
This guys mom told him he was a prince his whole life and “ no one is good enough for my son” also he still lives with  …
From The Sunshine State in Southwest I can feel the love and happiness of #ABUculturalcarnival19 it's really a colourful event. My brother @Elhajwazeeree a man of passion and love he keeps increasing my interest for the North. I love this 
Umm  …
I decided to make a picture showing My 3 different outfits that I wear 
Ever wonder what it’s like to see the parade from the point of view of a @mnzoo horse? Check it 
This is how plugs try to  before you 
Talking 
Some generous LOVEs are giving away albums to #NUESTSegnoInMNL ticketholders here in Seattle’s Best right  fast to get yours! Limited qty  …
 to Brookfield, #Hearties. We hope this journey with #WhenHopeCalls is as long and meaningful as your journey through #HopeValley 
Fuck off Jeremy. You're an outrage farmer starting a fight with a developer, blowing a thing out of proportion, then telling fans of said dev *they* need to calm down, all while running heavy ads & a keen lack of proper caps usage. "But please like, subscribe and gib ad  …
I wonder how many ranks Lover is going to drop in people’s top albums now that it’s not going to debut 1m
Are you ready for some football? The Bobcat Student section 
Easy peasy. via @the_wing 
AT THE BEACH THE NEWS PEOPLE ARE HERE 6 LIKES AND ILL PHOTOBOMB IT IM WEARING MY STAN LOONA 
I need my own personal freak.
The Church in Rio De Janeiro is crying out #Maranatha Jesus! 
Opportunities are like shooting stars. You have to be at the right place at the right time in order to see them. You won't see many if your face is glued to your phone all of the time. Life is happening get involved. #TGH4CONGRESS @TamikaGHamilton #TWGRP
[] #이은상 #엑스원 #X1 ➶ 190827 | written in the 
Sure ‘Digging’ the Countdown! Meet our Junior Defensive Specialist. #4days #ourtime @_zoecurtis @curtis_patriots 
Direct all questions about this crazy #PhaseThree trend to  Thank you! @PeteButtigieg #WinTheEra @Chas10Buttigieg @Lis_Smith
Header for @KC_Orca, support/feedback is 
It’s a distraction from 
Come join our fantastic Department of #Mammalogy, we have an opening for a Collections Manager!!! #NHMLA Application deadline: September 30,  …
I love Blackout.
Well.... a wise man once said “A key that unlocks many doors is an amazing key. But a door unlocked by many keys..... well that’s a shitty ass  …
I’m really tryna fuck with you
On a date tonight? I sure hope you don’t spend this much... Virginia & 
Adam Goodes couldn’t tell you who’s in the #AFL finals this year, but he says he’s never been happier or more supported in an exclusive interview with @sunriseon7.  …
How do y'all have 40k and up but get only 10 likes for the most on a 
The Eggshell White Album #NotGreatAlbumTitles
I just want my damn hair to 
Here we goooooo!!!!!!!! @CallsHope @HMNow #Hearties #Hopefuls
63 touchdown pass from Navalinsky to Trockley. Gabel’s extra point is good. EC 21 Perkins 6 4:55 Q2
I dated this one guy who lost his job, had no car, went out daily and basically was a mess.. NOW he has his shit together! where tf was this guy when I was there helping him? Lmfao I hate men
And that’s the game!!! TU 3 UALR 1
I swear the only requirement to succeed in anything is to literally just keep trying lol
Cindy or Diane will sha make the Top 5. #bbnaija
Biden understands politics more realistically than any leftist ever will. That's why he's polling as high a… — "We live in a society" - The Riddler #curiouscat  …
goodmorning thankyou lord sa panibagong araw
How salty can you get. At least they'll have Bayonetta 3  …
#SkyPrincess sets sail in just 50 days! RT if you're ready to experience our newest and most luxurious Royal-class ship yet!  #PrincessCruises 
How did we as a people  such a nation of pu$$ies? Our men - Americans - stormed Normandy! Now we got a bunch of man-bun wearing spy boys that need "safe spaces" to sort out pronoun-anguish. So ashamed...
Cliff- Holly, you are the only one in the house that hasnt had a punishment so far. Holly- I know. Nicole- You are in a showmance with Michie, so that's punishment enough 
@arimeghlen @RPoli3 Yes. I make all my maps for my fantasy 
—- Continuation Let’s not stick to identity politics because we lose substance that way. No one practical will solely vote for someone based off their skin color or age but by their message and their policies’ impact on them. So one more time, judge people on their life’s work.
Maryland  for you  for info SHOWTIME TOMORROW!! Let’s 
Halftime. Indians up 
there is really no problem with jm living his life as an ordinary 20 something and goofing around and having fun. the problem is with people invading his privacy. do not engage with videos of him taken during his break.
Imagine being upset at Armyblinks for appreciating the music,talent and hard work of Bangpink. I can’t relate 
2019, ladies and  …
Rumor: Nintendo Direct Coming Sometime Next Week  
Add stack overflow into your Ignition error  …
pardon the terrible bathroom mirror selfie but we reppin 
If it is true that @britmarling and @z_al turned down the movie finale from @Netflix, i want them to know we stand behind them.  your Art. We will fight for you and for all 5 parts. #SaveTheOA #RenewTheOA
The People For Puerto Rico March is September 21 in #Philadelphia 10am meet at City Hall! We need help to March the 100' Puerto Rican Flag! Bring your signs! THE TRUMP BABY BALLON WILL BE THERE! More info @people_rico #MarchingForward 
if you don’t gaze at me how I gaze at myself... I don’t want you 
pretty little 
Bon anniversaire ma p'tite maman... Adore you 
ladies I'm begging you if a man tries to telepathically retrieve a map from your mind without permission do NOT go on a second date with him
“I will never send this. But it feels good to write it down” the thought of Adora writing love letters to Catra who will most likely never read them hurts me, Adora has no idea how much Catra needs to know how she truly 
Hey follower-type people. Should I post something somewhat spicy tonight to celebrate the lovely 3 day labor day weekend? No need to reply, just fave this tweet. If it hits the magic number I'll post it at 8pm PST
s15 is looking so good already  …
MEMORIAL WINS!! Varsity beats Lone Star | 18-25, 24-26, 12-25 #FISD #FriscoISDSports #MHSWarriors #MemorialVolleyball #WinTheBattle @friscoisdsports @friscoisd @2018Memorial @SportsDayHS 
Hurricane Field Program Update — Friday, August 29, 2019, 7pm EDT  
I’ll be dead broke and finding money to buy food every single day
More than 20 organizations ask judge to block indefinite detainment of migrant children  
I teared up a  …
I think it's very important to remember that while Sam Dastyari is being interviewed by ICAC and the NSW Labor President has resigned due to corruption, that we take Kristina Keneally's advice on ethics VERY seriously. No, stop laughing, guys. She's serious.
how’s my white unseasoned manager tryna tell me I’m not even tanned after my holiday when my man is pink my g u look like ham
In #BucksCounty #Doylestown Township For Township Board of Supervisors @Connor4DTown @danwooddtown  to protecting our environment, transparency, protecting the township employees Pension Fund & serving residents  
Oh my gosh a dream came true, @NaakMusiQ you so humble I love you so much 
hwasa being cooler than every single human on this earth 
The good news is that the trend first seen with this morning's runs has continued this afternoon. GFS, ECMWF, HMON, HWRF, JMA, CMC, all make north turn instead of straight west. Cautiously  …
2019. Year of the Boomerang.  around goes around. #FreeFlynnNow!
If I could square up with my cat I would
DOJ should have thrown the BOOK at Comey. Instead we have to look at a snarky snarky man who’s arrogant and thinks he’s blameless/clean.
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @BuckForCoroner is running for Bucks County Coroner. Meredith is a dedicated nurse and attorney who is a very active volunteer with victims of abuse & disaster relief organizations. She'll bring integrity  to office. 
Adding some sizzle to your Friday night 
Looking for 2 tickets online right now
A look at @realmarkjansen when he gets offended by a GIF then realizes he quote tweeted it all over his own 
100% we need to look at college football as well. These institutions atte making billions off black athletes that aren't able to partake in the free market. Scholarships don't equal up to the amount of money these athletes bring to the universities and the @ncaa yearly
Handjobs should be called beef jerkies
vcs preferem wattpad ou 
Yeah he has an accent. "Wow.. Vinny.. am loving your hair. How you make it porpol." Vincent smiles at him, taps his hair, makes it pink "AMAZING!! How you make it pink??"
$18 shipped in the USA rainbow amethyst cutbase from brazil! •dm to 
One thing I will not do is go broke tryna impress these hoes
Guess who got the Manager position at ulta
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @bobrin4bucks is running for Bucks County Register Of Wills. Currently serving as #Newtown Township Supervisor. Linda will  honesty and transparency to the County Office. #VoteLocal 
OMG that will cost France about 99 cents
I don’t like Zendaya taking all my white men. First Tom Holland now Jacob Eldori? Can I get 
this deserved to be a smash 
Erabs win 5-0... moves to 2-0
This resolution is for a range of 382 km. The perigee of Keyhole satellites like USA 224 is around 260 km, so the theoretical resolution could be a factor 1.5 better.
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @krisballerini is running for Bucks County Treasurer Kris is the current Township Supervisor for #UpperMakefield Township. With 13 years  banking & will bring integrity & transparency to office She's @EmergeAmerica grad! 
Confirmed emails between James Comey and John Brennan from Dec 2016 are why AG William Barr brought back the Federal Death Penalty..
Fuck drip, ion need no stylist 
Unreal the pics don’t don’t do it justice...hey who is here lets meet 
What my Labor Day weekend is about to look 
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @yeagerforjudge is running for Judge As an Attorney for 25 years Jordan has fought for women facing discrimination, workers fair treatment and our environment. He's dedicated to Justice For All  #VoteLocal 
I can’t sleep cause of y’all. y’all ain’t gonna sleep cause of  …
All three of those are  …
I approve the idea that they take another summer vacation this week 
Literally MURDER
I can’t say how much I abhor our Government. Sneaking this family to Christmas Island under cover of darkness must have been so terrifying for them. I suppose to the heartless Morrison and Dutton , this justifies the millions of $it cost to re open the facility. Shame on you
It might be the whisky talking but I feel like Olli Juolevi is going to have a juicy season.
After a certain age, being messy is a clear big sign of misery..
Happy birthday!!!!  …
Tradition  a long 
Built a 
WHEN YULTRON PULLS UP WITH TROYBOI TO OUR STAGE AT EZOO @yultron @TroyBoiMusic 
So - I guess that's YOUR purity test, huh? I think it truly matters that Warren remained a Republican all during the years of the Civil Rights, Women's Rights, & LGBTQ rights eras, & silent on Ferguson & Standing Rock. I'll be sticking w/ the guy who always stands up/speaks 
y’all ever just be ........... sad
Tonight’s starting lineup as we face Houston on the road. 
I'm showing my age but college football just isn't the same without Keith Jackson. "Whoa, Nellie!" It was an event when he was The Voice. Now it's just guys talking down and distance. And who's on the network's hit show that night. You missed out, youngsters.
I'm deeply sceptical of stories of how awful Ireland was in the 1950s (a) because I've spoken to many folk who were alive then and they say it wasn't so, and (b) because I see the lies the media tell about how supposedly awful the era before Celtic Tiger bullshit hype began.
wassup everyone and fans from all over the world also i want to say hi to fans at the kpop square of smtown coex 
I just tried to click the X on this screenshot like seven times
I feel like I was essentially vindicated, but I just didn't anticipate how bad it would be, which is my  …
just would like to share, cody does in fact have that 
I STAN!!!!  …
#1 BTS as always omg 16M congratulations queens twice!! 
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @VanderKam4Judge is running for Judge As an Attorney for 11 years Jessica understands the importance of both small and large decisions. She'll work  and patience on the Bench  #ElectWomen 
Mr. Kelton ( @pkelton) is a Tulsa alum, so I’m annoying him by pointing out that Tulsa’s (-10) deficit is exactly mirrored by Michigan State’s (+10) surplus right now.
#OnlineSkFc Ready For #NvpAudioLaunch Celebration T-shirt Credit @vimalraj9524 Bro @AllIndiaSKFC 
Now do Maxine Waters and Elijah Cummings
This is why we #Resist  …
redraw of something 
What’s the point of having a “Show latest tweets” setting if they’re just going to sneakily switch it back themselves every other day what kind of passive aggressive bs
Levine is libelous here
On the same day the Star runs a story on young voters  ignores young NDP supporters, the progressive teen behind one of the largest student protests ever tweets that she would never vote Liberal. 
Let’s  …

Honestly amazing to consider the enormous relief and hope this would bring so many Americans. Courtesy of 
The Dork Side of the Moon #NotGreatAlbumTitles @efoxband
Travis Scott’s documentary is beautiful.. He turned his vision into reality & it was all possible because he believed in himself all the way to the top. I’m inspired
In #BucksCounty #Pennsylvania @CharissaLiller is running for Judge An Attorney for over 18 years Charissa has spent her career advocating for families. She has the experience  needed on the Bench.  #ElectWomen #MomsOnTheBench 
English drives us insane. Think about having to study this in junior  …
Our pointers don't make us put too much faith in a Direct next week but, hey, we've been wrong before.
Matchday ! Gameweek 4 Premier League Burnley Liverpool 1/9/2019 12.30 am Turf Moor Stadium #WEALLREDS 
y'all are messed up for calling this girl ugly like, are y'all 
#NotGreatAlbumTitles Achoo Baby @efoxband @KaceyecaK
me eating pupusas with a 
Best SMG in MW 2v2 Alpha ? RT for more votes please
Ok this thing is actually pretty 
Looks like TJ Pledger under went surgery on his arm via his Instagram. He was listed as the #Sooners third running back for 
Gotta make a way to get my family rich
Me: Ah FUCK 2: Ah Fuck! 8: Daddy, she said fuck! 2: She said fuck! This went on in a loop for another 7 minutes.
We have some more good news We just got off the phone with Cindy @CLWAL02 who connected us to a veteran that needs assistance. We’re sending him a $50 Walmart gift card, and she is going to send him $50. After the hurricane passes, we are going to deliver the school supplies.
Adrien con tikki y marinette con plagg ugh THIS IS SO POWERFUL #mlbspoilers  …
the LACK  sense mfs have
Microwaved dinner tonight. We were able to get an inexpensive room with points. I'm feeling depressed, this evening. Just can't shake it. Showers and beds 
I’m a fan of unfollowing people. Rada rada
this is the first thing anybody said in our class group chat lol 
infinity war be like : you have a favorite character??? not anymore.
Talk dirty to me Using only a gif or a song
In #Pennsylvania State Superior Court Powerful forces want to shred our democracy Powerful courts that work FOR the people are the only defense Please support @AGHforJudge  @JudgeMcCaffery  #PAVotes #BlueWave 
1 second transaction confirmations, refurbished UX, new smart contracts.  to the future of social networks - Murmur 2.0. @eosnewyork @EOS_Arabia @EosNairobi @EOS_Nation @AusCryptoTim @GenerEOSAus @eosphere_io @Get_Scatter @BlockLiberty @eosvenezuela @Ashe_Oro  …
After 2 back to back tackles for loss by the Defense, Nahil Perkins blocks the punt and recovers it in the endzone!! Campos good! 20-0 2:03 
B.tchs hate but they niggas in love #addthattoyourgroupchat 
Do you support our POTUS? (Please help by retweeting and following after voting!)    #c
we don't talk enough about taeil's side 
What is the Markovian Parallax Denigrate? It’s an enduring question for the ages, or a simple case of nothing much at all, depending on whom you 
#BB21 Cliff - Holly you are the only person in this house that hasn't had a punishment so far. Holly - I know. Cliff - Also, the only one that hasn't been a have-not. Nicole - Well she's in a showmance with Michie so that's punishment 
Literal Pet Sounds #NotGreatAlbumTitles @efoxband
 to #PAResists Friday Night Candidate Tweet Party! Please follow and support these candidates who are working hard to Ride The #BlueWave Register to vote  If you're a #Pennsylvania candidate and want to included next time DM me 
you guys andrew sent me a pic to show me his new hat and little did i know it was a live pic & wow it’s just the most innocent thing i’ve ever seen 
When I left for work early early this morning, señor MeanCat made sure to say bye in his inimitable style: By wishing me 
It's pretty clear that Trump is only rich because his father was rich and because being rich makes it easy to  richer. Also being a scum who doesn't pay his bills helps to save money.
It’s you, it’s always you
i have an idea, even when I don’t think it would works, I’ll do it. I just need tweets of all clexa’s giving like a message about Lexa, like how much we miss her or love her idk. plssss 
Maybe it wouldn’t be so dirty if he took his pants off whilst pooping
Li Shang: Mister, I'll Make a man Out of you Me: *Shaking maracas to beat* Li Shang: Except you.
Has any reporter actually asked Graham what radically changed his mind about  …
THESE @EndicottFH Gulls 3, No. 14 Babson 1 (FINAL) STORY  GOALS @addihwilliams @kristennn5 
On the radio in Caracas today. What do British workers think about the food subsidies and housing programmes in #Venezuela? They’re kept in ignorance by the corporate media of course, for fear of a good example. #WorkersPower @cpgbml ⁦ @georgegalloway⁩ ⁦ 
"We are the champions, my friends." 
I didn’t even know this is what I was craving until I had already ate it ! Hit up @jeditreats it’s bomb 
good morning baby 
best one  …
The level of “notice me sunbae/senpai” y’all wish  …
Outhouses Of The Holy #NotGreatAlbumTitles 
NO SHIT  …
At least he can make his point clearly and  …
Ceratopsid adopts up for sale! $15 USD each as always. More info in the post!  
ppl like u are always trying to insult her intelligence and ability because u know that she has aspergers. u and ur ableism disgusts me. utterly disgusts  …
#Saaho Australia Day 1 all languages around $315k AUD
So far so good it's on its second day of 
i would rob all the stars in the galaxy 4 
swim and coffee Saturday morning, dogs getting a run too - go out and enjoy the day, the world will still be devouring itself when you get back :)
I just feel damaged .it’s gone be hard for me to love somebody or feel love cause of the things that happened to me
Time Life Music Presents 50's & 60's Sit Com Incidental Music #NotGreatAlbumTitles @efoxband
Also, if there are any rifts between siblings or any issues w/ neighbors; in the home, extended family, at work, if you've been estranged or alienated from others or w/ others in your immediate surroundings; you are being called to Heal & Improve the nature of these dynamics.
Remembering that one time I went home with a guy because he said he’d make me Dino Nuggets if I did
Just so everyone is aware 2 people that were in my immediate shady bunch group we are no longer friends I’m pretty sure most of you know but i just wanted to make sure that you all know.
I'm failing to see the issue.
Indeed. Mr. Levitt's indignation notwithstanding, how does the party explain its endorsement of an openly anti-semitic candidate? And, further, how does it explain the passive aggressive thing? Reports are that Lib HQ knew about the Imam's obscene Jew hating for months.
you don’t have to be happy all the time. Humans aren’t designed to be happy 24/7. Just let yourself have those small moments, in which you are truly happy. That’s a start.
My friends are getting married everyday and I’m here not even ready to understand men.
Quintez Cephus makes his return. Immediately gets physical with the CB he was blocking.
 over Labor: babe i can’t I’m busy criminalising protesters Adani: I’ve got colonising for us to do 
Thanks to Varney (and Hannity, Ingraham, Dobbs, Carlson, etc.), Gaslighting will now be called #Foxlighting. Lying Fox News Host Lies that Trump Has Never Lied to the American 
But what is your stance on nuking hurricanes?
Only the real Kiano fan will know the "SYEMPRE" ni Gino and "GANYAN" ni Kiara everytime they have an interview HAHAHAHA KIANO FirstCharityEvent
roasted 
THAT’S MY SUBSTITUTE  …
My cheering on the BEARS at Murray State !!! Linda says we got a TEAM! Linda knows football !! Go BEARS 
Why is she so cute in 
@Potus this Mook should be in jail Chooch  
If he feels this way, then trade him let Zeke get paid and get picks for Dallas to try to find another RB that won’t produce like Zeke. This man wants to get paid while he’s still in his prime and not have to wait 7years before he’s free to take control of his  …
A note regarding the Toy Tiger Cardinal Bird Mask Shirt (TTCBMS) giveaway: you will be entered for each retweet AND like. So you can get in for 2 chances. I'll announce the winner Monday afternoon. Great to have football back; everyone have a great holiday weekend. Go Cards!  
Ur the only 1 i want by my side when i fall asleep 
When an unreliable source spreads material that is untrue and that source is embraced by politicians who should show better judgment, it's hard to know where to start. I think one starts with the people who are accountable to Canadians. That means reporting the Senator.
GOP Rep. John Shimkus announced he will retire and not seek re-election, making him the 14th GOP lawmaker to announce a resignation, retirement or change of office this  …
I. I have to draw 
I forgot to make this tweet before shine so I will now. I will top 8 shine
♡ and I'll mention you my First impression: Your nickname in my head: You are my: To be honest: Should you post this too:
GOAL! Abby Carchio scores the Bears' first goal of the season to give Brown a 1-0 lead on Hofstra at the half! Watch Live on ESPN+  #GoBruno 
Hey everyone, in case you missed it, @SSJSpeedRacer, @Yuri_Librarian, @Knitspecibus, and I are all going to be hosting a live episode of Let's Place in the Sandwurm theatre at PAX West here in one hour, at 6pm!
Consistency is soooo important!
Home of our season opener! #GeauxCajuns  …
Remember when CDPR pussied out and fired  manager because a few SJW's didn't like a joke he made? I do...because I hired the  …
#1 Antonio Montero of Rice looks like a LB to keep your eyes on @JimNagy_SB. He is everywhere in this Army game #CFB
.@ChiefRaes this man is going to pop off 
You have to be incredibly stupid to believe that someone who’s unvaccinated can magically give you a disease they don’t have
This really how niggas be when they lose in 2k 
Attention all soft butch ladies: please apply for USPS instead of the police
If you cheat on me I’m not bouta cheat back , waist time just to get revenge. That always been dumb as hell to me idk why ppl do  …
the end 
Wouldn’t trade mine for nobody
Seriously might be the greatest video I've ever made lol. What fun this was lol, check out my promotional video for our Hurricane sale! RT's appreciated  – at M & M Video Games
LMAOOO YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS UP Gary Cohen: "Aaron Nola isn't a menacing presence at the plate, a .064 hitter." THE VERY NEXT PITCH Aaron Nola doubles "Why do I say these things?"
if had #freedomdividend could more easily run from #HurricaneDorian2019 , so vote #yang2020 to save lives. #yanggang
“Share this story as an illustration of what's wrong in our system, not just as a story of one person who did a good thing.”  …
This is a pretty awesome  …
catch me out here in my off time cutting up beanie babies for their limbs and creating cute 
If we're really engaged in mindfulness while walking along the path to the village, then we will consider the act of each step we take as an infinite wonder, and a joy will open our hearts like a flower, enabling us to enter the world of real. — Thich Nhat Hanh □∧◯
!!!!!!!!! me when I read 
NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. NO MORE INSUFFICIENT  …
seeing our good pal shawn mendes here next 
Wanna guess who just signed up to volunteer at the California Democratic Convention? Really hoping all the candidates attend, really can’t wait to see their faces when @KamalaHarris receives their endorsement.
are you ready? WE ARE 
WHY DOES THIS LOOK SO SIMILAR TO ANOTHER SELFIE HE TOOK THIS 
IKE : Gedoni is boring and jackie sleeps all day ! I think esther will go and frood will stay another week! Sir dee is stronger than cindy i guess. ME: okay i think ike is a viewer #BBNaija
Not a grand slam, but at least we have a tied game! 
Sometimes you don’t realize how much hurt you’ve caused someone else until you are hurt in a similar way. Karma does such a painfully wonderful job of keeping us accountable and humble and ultimately making us better.
Canada West Week 1 in Winnipeg. Bisons host the Huskies at Investors Group Field. Calling it with @JDunk12 on the Canada West Football 
So we got a billionaire collaborating with 32 other MULTIbillionaires and the plan they concocted so far is funding initiatives with t-shirt 
Mermaiding about....  
All this certitude must be hard for a climate change denier.
Me: What do you want for dinner buddy? Six year old son: Doritos salad Me: Sorry what? Son: You start with salad, sprinkle Doritos on top, then add ranch 
Still fascinated and wanting to deep dive on scholarly lit about CAH XX intersex and EDS. Discovered last night that although only 1:20k ppl will be CAH intersex, 1:10 of CAH intersex ppl will have EDS. But I have to go to physio now
WOW, I'll just leave this here  …
The DoggFather III #NotGreatAlbumTitles 
In her defense, nothing is more American than heartless acquisition of maximum cash with no regard for sentiment, morality or  …
This is abuse.
A friendly reminder that today was Margaret Wente's last day at The Globe and  …
NOELLE REALLY WANTS TO KILL 
A dying #12 had a final wish on his death bed, and a very special @Seahawks player came to share the power of love, family, and inspiration. At 6:15 on @KIRO7Seattle, if @dshead24 wasn’t your favorite player before, he will when you see what a great person he 
Gee, guess we didn’t spot that white dude wifebeater this time after he bought that gun, guess we have to mandate a government backdoor into *checks notes* real-time location data from all smartphones “FOR THE GOOD OF THE CHILDREN”
Great stream people! Thank you all  to see how my pet monkies were doing! Loving @AncestorsGame! We killed a few, but mostly, we survived and evolved! See you tomorrow for an EXTRA 
Grad students: did you know you can join APSA STEP for free? Student members can apply for $500 travel grants! #APSA2020
PSA to all the ladies out there who wanna go on a cute date @LA county fair with their s/o but have strict parents.... i live across the street and have a season pass! hmu if u need to take an evidence pic w me or anything i know how it is
As we live, so we learn. — Yiddish proverb #Jewish
Might fuck around and cut off almost every body and  an introvert
Former CIA Officer, A Democrat, Shreds Comey Over Handling Of 
Here is a picture of my face. Tell me how to dye my hair. 
It's Saturday somewhere in the world, and that means the #SciFanSat theme of CHANGE can begin! Circus Transformation, by Tim Warnock  #AmWritingScifi #AmWritingFantasy #WritingPrompts 
he look so cute i’m gonna eat him 
Florida: Please stay safe and prepare for #HurricaneDorian. Make a plan for you and your family here: 
i’m embracing myself tonight whew go 
I thought was Buzz for a min  …

I've had the honour of working with, and watching these guys work so bloody hard this year, and even though I'm only there as a spectator today, it's only right that I'm there supporting the boys as they chase Worlds. Let's 
The effects of #HurricaneDorian can be felt tonight at Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party tonight. It is noticeably 
Show me what you’ve been working on recently let’s start a badass thread 
i’m way too good to get treated like this
quick 
Y’all they shipped my textbook with a can of Red 
saleya suck my dick
Taunting them, exactly. 45 needs a war to happen right now for many reasons.
Under fading moon light....grabbing you and showing the other wolves your mine.
The v1 is released.  …
I'm sorry but anytime you show a guy your new nails, he's going to instantly think of how they look wrapped around his dick. Just sayin'
You manifest your own reality, which is why others have gone to great lengths to distort your ability to think. Literally, many others really don't want you to have an ability to think or understand your true self. Why not? Because, they will lose control and power over  …
Pool hoop doesn’t do this man justice 
| pwhauser: “Out Here Looking For The Real People. #weareold #figureskating” 
If young people turn out next year we can turn this  …
Christie and Jess are officially the nominees 
. @SkylarGee99 wins @ASCoC Heat 1 at @atticaracewyprk. Gee and @chadkemenah will go to the dash. 
Today marks two weeks since the devasting fire in Flagaman. Fortunately today, through the support of Hi-Pro Jamaica the recovery is on in earnest. Farmers recieved fertilizer and seeds valed at over 1 million dollars. Thank you Hi-Pro for answering the 
Cliff points out that Beth is the only person in the house that hasn't had a punishment. Nicole: "She's in a showmance with Jackson. That's punishment enough." 
And just by tweeting this I’ve qualified to be a PAC-12 ref!
taking your pig away until further notice, you have crossed the line!!!
Yikes. That's a doubleheader tomorrow and a doubleheader on Sunday. You hate to see that.  …
ICYMI - Ferg finds fellow captain Jaquan Blair for Maine's sixth TD of the half! Maine tallied 42 points in the first half, its most points in a quarter since also scoring 42 against Jacksonville State in last year's NCAA Second Round playoff game #BlackBearNation | 
Born in the USSR #NotGreatAlbumTitles
We BULLIED a TOXIC Noob on Fortnite *Gone Wrong* (Hilarious) Thumb: @AggroZorbz    Like  this took a while to make!
One of the very few silver linings of this presidency is the humiliation of John Bolton.
Were you the head boy at your secondary  …
First thing I’m noticing at this Portland airport while waiting for the boyfriend to arrive with his grandma is that like 90% of the dudes here have beards and glasses.
New Podcast: “The Raw Sound of Revival” By @PastorCleetus, @DBCHurst Now on #iTunes and everywhere #podcasts are available. #BeBlessed #JESUSisLORD #RevivalAndSouls  
You can listen to the latest episode of the podcast, including our All Out Predictions and rumors here: Listen Here:   …
If you want to get fucked up this Labor Day weekend I will be bartending at the usual spot on u st from 12 a.m. to close this Saturday. I’ll be serving up the finest of #homemade cider for everyone who has be demanding I serve it up on the weekends. Hennything can happen tomorrow 
who tryna get turnt on CBD tonight
When you lay down after a long day of being 
polishing up the layout/design of the inventory , also those boxes were inspired by the game Wakfu. Extra inventory slots for professions :) #indiegame #Inventory 
Kudos to @CatoInstitute and @Rutherford_Inst for joining @ACLU and @aclupa in supporting rehearing en banc
My last batch of 10 #NC03 #PostcardsToVoters from FL before the 
Check my bio. I’m official
drawings for an application for a very rare neopet that i am most certainly not going to get 
Bleach disrespect is highkey old  …
mantis is a victim of james g*nn, casual misogyny, abuse and outdated stereotypes about asian women but she still manages to be 10000x more interesting than any of the male guardians and hating her is a federal offence
There’s something moving in the cupboard beside my bed.
i couldn’t choose 
People understand the number of displaced people in the world is going to continue to grow, right? You can't keep wishing people away. We should be thinking bigger picture. How are we going to tackle the future? Certainly not by shipping kids to Christmas Island
I no longer enjoy drinking alcohol. Last 2-3 years, I lost interest to be at bars. I have extra money for savings and better living. In addition, my waistline and health now matter more to me. Friday night's I typically stay home. What about your lifestyle?
Uraraka wearing her shorts* Bakugo with a wicked smile* "That is one fine ass." Uraraka smiling* "Shut up." Bakugo pulling her to him* "I love it when you're bossy, it's fucking hot." Uraraka blushing* "You're ridiculous." Bakugo smirking* "Don't forget sexy too." #kacchako
Tonight's starting XI for the Mean Green Kelsey Brann BC Marta Chloe Lo (c) Elle Nat (c) Berklee Lampe (c) Taylor #Dominator (c)
Brexit...Stage Left #NotGreatAlbumTitles @KaceyecaK
i'm back and missed you all very 
THE POWER THEY IRRADIATE THEY’RE COMING FOR OUR WIGS 
You ever hear a weird noise while you’re in the shower and think “Great, now I’m going to have to fight someone while I’m naked”?
he is cute *i’m 
That’s my brother  …
She's got a special delivery that you'll never forget A lewd of Kadi 55-30, the Postmaster from #Destiny2, as requested by the poll! Thanks for voting! #destiny #postmaster #kadi5530 #robot #mecha #robogirl #gynoid #android #robotgirl 
What a coincidence, exactly 165 days after its release, the best video about beating Skyrim with a Fork to be released on March 18, 2019 has surpassed 3,000,000 
if your tl is in need os baby shizu 
We now have multiple stds. Its now illegal to keep kids in police cells + 10-fold reduction for adults. This guy had less power than predecessors but made far more progress by his principles & not taking no for an answer. Also gave @ViralKMH & I fire in belly to improve MH care
Donde ay alcohol ay pussy or whatever bad bunny said
Had MASSIVE privilege of being private secretary covering mental health when Norman became Minister. On day 1, became 1st Minister in history to declare MH their #1 priority. He was told we cant have standards for MH, that ppl need to be kept in police cells for  …
i thought i was gonna meet either the twins or emma 3 different times within the last 24 hours where’s my crystal 
Sleep is actually so important and people don’t even realise
I set up my whole PC and the kotatsu in this blanket fort and cozy is an 
This is something I noticed today: when we're at almost "full employment," and you pay a shit wage? Jobs you need done don't get done. How many of you have been to Walmart lately and there are *zero* carts available inside? They're badly  …
What a great turnout of #SonicFans here at @QualityAthletic 
THIS IS THE ONLY GLOW UP THAT MATTERS A PURE AND SUPERIOR 
.She cannot be Vice President - she has to resign her imaginary Governorship first!
IM SCREAMIN MY SHIP SAYLOR IS 
 back to the first selfie of the 2019 football season!!!! Go 
ok i understand why colby may not be as active on stan twitter & i don’t blame him but like i wish he would know there’s a big group of us who just wanna show our appreciation towards him <3
tried it once, never gonna try it again.  …
Not a lie. Order this  …
sorn and yujin in  
in a perfect world I would eat @levainbakery cookies for every meal. WHY ARE THEY SO DELICIOUS?!!
*Professor asks if anybody’s seen me* 
Maybe you should quit talking to actors reading scripts prepared by CPC.
Hero K9 Hurricane  …
Biggest pet peeve: fans who believe that their favorite artists owe them something just because they’ve been fans for a long time. Guess what? No one owes you anything and if this doesn’t sit well with you, that’s the door.
Hozier’s visuals during his set at one point were about the housing crisis and showed statistics of average rent and mortgage prices in different regions of Ireland, and he shouted out Take Back The City...like, if you don’t already stan....
If what I’m doing doesn’t harm you in any way mind your business
This is just incredible!!  …
I consider Sidney a friend and a top notched lawyer. She took no prisoners when she was a prosecutor and takes no shit as a defense attorney. And to quote a lawyer I respect I nicknamed "Dixie" "That, my friends, is how you draft a grenade pleading, then pull the pin."
It's Stephanie  …
Absolutely stealing this  …
how can y’all hate 
me when addison russell 
It's almost as if shitty people among you don't disqualify everyone of your nation from deserving basic human rights.
Sending words of encouragement to our Bahamas crew @jfernandezwplg @ElyMedia . Bahamians taking great care of them. #HurricaneDorian 
afterglow is literally one of the most relatable songs taylor has ever written, it perfectly explains how we overthink & unintentionally try to ruin good things in our lives
bts on a vacation yet still no.1 and blackpink also not doing anything yet at no.5. legends
I scare very easily so parts of Metroid Prime 1 and 2 scared me Resident Evil 5, Time Splitters Future Perfect.... anything remotely scary lolol And I purposely avoid games meant to be scary  …
Not to be outdone: Cole shot on film shooting film between giant rolls of film in the Kodak 
my fave 
Tonight, I will pray for Florida. Please say a prayer, or send some positive energy to those in the path of Dorian. The people of Florida are no different than the rest of us. To lose a home is devastating. Stay safe
However, should the Raiders beat the Sharks and the Tigers beat the Dragons, the Tigers will host the Sharks in Rd 25 on Sunday afternoon with Robbie Farah hoping to play one last game at Leichhardt Oval in a winner-takes-all showdown. That might sell a few tickets..
there’s nothing i love seeing more than my boyfriend and dad getting along they’ve got a proper bromance going it’s so cute
My usually favourite flower seller at the market reacted poorly to my greeting him with Kia ora. He said I hate all that crap, Mōrena and that. So I told him it was the language of my country and my people and I will be using it every time I see him.
Sometimes you just have to do the right thing !! Beloved by Biloela ,the Sri Lankan family are worthy, hard  contributors. The Minister should let them stay. Enough of this boorish, mindless , heartless determination to show how nasty we can be to asylum seekers.
As I write down a memory, I turn a long page Putting the words I Love You far away, Mixed with sighs I’ll think about it As I hide my sadness I’ll bury it inside my memories So we can both rest 
“I ask the traffic lights if it’ll be alright” DO YOU KNOW RELATABLE THIS IS HOLY SHIT. HOW MANY TIMES I’M DRIVING AND I’M LIKE OK IF IT TURNS RED BEFORE I GET THERE THEN THINGS WILL NEVER GET BETTER… WOW.
To measure all political activity by the standard of Donald Trump is pure propaganda. Japan's immigration policies have been strict since before the Edo era. Trump has nothing to do with this. If anything, cover why Japan is buying US Syngenta and Monstanto GM  …
everyone pay attention, this is 
Alum or 
i asked a french man what his favourite games console is and he said oui, lmaooo bitch just answer the question
Vijay Singh with the skip across the water hole in one on 16 at Augusta 
Want to see what we've been up to lately? Here are some pictures from @PrideSV and Pete's visit to San Jose, CA at the Mexican Heritage Plaza (built on the site of one of the 1st grocery store boycotts for farm workers' rights organized by César Chavez) #TeamPete 
Y o u’r e my bio logi cal nephewwww
"its taller than my height" funniest man 
you are worth more than all the red marble on earth, both unearthed and unrevealed // for though they gleam, you are greater than carbonate crystals. in you lies a treasure beyond minerals, for they cannot laugh or weep // but you, Beloved, glimmer with the light of Love
"There's something going on that is so much bigger than party politics right now. It's a kind of stirring, or reawakening..." #PeteButtigieg (Jack Jenkins, Religion News, 8/29/19) #TeamPete #PeteForAmerica #MayorPete @PeteButtigieg #WinTheEra #ChangeTheChannel 
I hope men get better, but it is gonna take more than that.
stop asking me how I’ve lost 20 pounds, you fat broke bitches can’t afford crack anyway
Ya know? I AM  …
water signs [♋︎♏︎♓︎]: you've been daydreaming about change & asking for help from spirit for a while. well it's time for YOU to bring it. take travel and do whatever you need to do to get there, don't miss the train waiting for a ticket to land in your lap, go out & get it
10 reasons for the Rangers to retire Michael Young's No. 10, including a rare on-field  | @Evan_P_Grant 
Our Citizen Information Line answered nearly 700 calls today. It is now closed and reopens on Saturday at 7 a.m. More than 22,000 sandbags were distributed at five Lake County locations, ahead of #HurricaneDorian. Sandbag operations will resume Saturday at 7 
Knights Elite 2021 SG @JohnsonJarmell summer mix. @GwPatriotsbball high school. has interest from multiple schools from division 1 all the way to NAIA 
It’s Friday night in Eagle Stadium. @Milford_Eagles @Milford_Schools 
Shout out to my guy @BravesStache for inviting me to the Braves game tonight. We in section 143 litty.
So looking forward to meeting the newest #PackardFellows next week at our annual meeting in the  @MontereyAq. #Science  …
This is what @mishacollins' dreams are made of. 
I got new 
Our PM is a worry! He is slowly but very strategically starting to put his narrow fundamentalist views and values into the discussion in an attempt to change Australia.
Not a bad sunset at @SCPBlueDevils 
well that’s the last time we do that
this photoshoot of yongsun was ahead of its time and no one is talking about 
Based on your phone percentage, drop pics of: 1-15%: Nick 16-30%: Nick & Pri 31-45%: Joe 46-55%: Joe & Sophie 56-70%:Kevin 71-85%: Kevin & Danielle 86-100%: All three Jonas Brothers I'll start 
this is my year and i know it
Consider this tweet my intent to participate in the 2019 @ZcashFoundation Community Advisory Panel regarding #ZcashDevFund proposals. My name and this link will be reflected on a list to be assembled on the website 
hi love, goodmorning. today is a great day. don't forget to smile and stay positive. always remember that today you are amazing, you are loved and you are enough. you deserve to be more. i love you.
Imagine calling other ppl children bitches & tell them to suck your dick like didn’t she tried to fight Nicki over some fake shit about her child  …
Well, @JimCantore is in my City. 
The HWRF, which has done a tremendous job signaling rapid intensification of #Dorian, suggests further strengthening through Saturday AM. The latest run brings winds to 125 knots and central pressure down to 946hPa. Cross sections reveal tremendously impressive 
A day  satellites revealed an explosion at an Iranian launch pad, President Trump tweeted a remarkably detailed aerial view of the damage Friday — possibly from a classified satellite — and denied US involvement in the accident. FULL STORY:  
For The Record I forgive all people from my past, ex lovers, friends, family, people that did me wrong. The past is the past and I'm letting it all go so I can grow and start anu. 9.13
New York, we have just lost a true OG by the name of Rhoda Morgenstern. #RIP Valerie 
Tonight’s #FridayFondue Game Is: 
Let’s all sit down in Canada and talk about just how illogical, horrifying and stupid religion is. That is a 'city' in Syria. Devastation. All because so many want more religion in their politics and their government. Who wants religion in government? Conservatives in Canada 
#Reds series opener is rained out. Doubleheader on Saturday and Sunday. #Cardinals

Imagine just tryna play a game of pool in  …
The Storm arrived at Ashland! Streaks are up 7-0 at the 
Pink Pony sits in Pink Room I've made quite a few changes to the rigging itself that you likely won't noticed just by looking at the render. I have the DA submission linked below that has more info on that if you're curious. #pinkiepie #mlp  
Sophomore @henryblair81 squatting over 350 pounds for 3 reps with ease! #beastmode #pawsup  …
It doesn't even surprise me that this is how Beto met and listened with these  …
Lots of stories from friends and family in Florida preparing for #HurricaneDorian2019 . Growing up in Miami I always found we did a lot of anxiety eating before the storm.  …
it has been 15 minutes since the last time i was horny. and already i feel like a changed man. the power of god is SO good!
I. Am. Tired. Of. Having. To. Have. These. Conversations. There’s a housing CRISIS because the shit is unaffordable for your average American!
This is what the athletic department uses to destroy evidence before  …
If I’ve learned anything from my years of working in the flea market industry, it’s that freshness is discountable.
is this a chainsmoker
Ike is smart Venita: whom do u think will leave, she lista all people up Ike: U cnt leave coz your wild, Sir dee is questionable, The girl of the guy might leave(Esther) I hailed this guy with his knowledge... #bbnaija
Before and after. Cosmo the Cairn. What a different a trim makes. #dogsoftwitter #cosmo 
you so cute~ You're supposed to write what you want there~ And DH was like, Ahㅠㅠ Sorry~ and was about to write again but OP said, It's okay, Nuna likes modifier and took her album~
I love 
First ever @ClassenSASOKC football game vs @starspencerhs! Gorgeous field #CometCity @OKCPS  – at Star Spencer High School
Cho seungyoun ddu-du-ddu-du-ing into your heart since 
A timely reminder here, in which Trudeau stressed he is personally anti-abortion as a matter of religious faith, separate from public policy of government. Same as Conservative leader Andrew Scheer. Both are  …
This is what the conservative party wants to do to  …
i hate how you can actually tell one eye is brown and the other is 
British constitution, as explained by A.V. Dicey in ‘The Law of the Constitution’ 1885. The scholar wrote “The House can in accordance with the constitution be deprived of power when there is fair reason to suppose that the opinion of the House is not the opinion of the electors
Becky will always use that (usually Cherokee) Native grandmother she doesn’t even know the name of to help her uphold white supremacy and anti-indigenous racism.
looking like a girl today 
this is  …
Beautiful start to the long weekend. Fabulous sunset over the St John River at Fredericton NB. @weathernetwork @DestinationNB @BlaineHiggs @JessicaNgCTV @StormHour @StormhunterTWN 
my sister, gets in car: since when did you get a planet fitness membership? me, from a distance: hanna that’s not my car
I AM 
I still remember my first  to the Coliseum wanting to report on USC. Tomorrow I’ll have the opportunity to cover my first game. Beyond blessed and incredibly 
We need you back as Thomas Wayne. #BringBackZack #Releasethesnydercut  …
125 mph and it’s only Friday
No normal human being should be awake now except yahoo boys and evil people
Long weekend cottage drinky part 2, so 
petition for @joshwithcon to sing at every vip this world tour  …
190830 ODE TO YOU preview #호시 #HOSHI #ホシ #세븐틴⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠ #SEVENTEEN⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠ #セブチ 
Okay this Dark Crystal prequel ain’t bad...
i always have  feeling to jump in front of a car when i cross roads
My favourite thing about the Sumption/Sedley forever-war is that they each wrote a book in their 20s which is  on-brand that if you pitched it as a backstory your editor would tell you to stop phoning it 
Dear Church, Statistics tells us that 25% of all pastors and congregants suffer from mental illness. It’s time to wake up! #Mentalhealth
The one and only @pgsween is joining me tonight on the LR Show. And let’s just say we’ve got a few curveballs for you 
The left, and   …
It is our job as Christians to be the salt of the earth and make our world a better place!
I can't believe I'm saying this but Friends > Fresh Prince of Bel Air
100 likes I drop exclusive “twitter Zirk” clip that won’t be seen in this video later
The college was mental and will always have a special place in my heart and mrs Doherty outty maths 1000% wanted to ride me end  …
Everybody liked this
My initial thoughts on Wage War’s “Pressure” A Thread: I guess the best way to go about this would be by starting with the things I loved about the album, then go to the things that I didn’t love quite as much and then the things well... that I hated... Let’s proceed...
koreas it girl and koreas it 
Yes sir? 
This has to be her best Bb5 yet not only did she sustain it a lil but the following run HELP 
Okay, look, I have two things to say right now. (1) this just stopped being funny. The New York Times is the paper of record. The entire internet knows who Bret Stephens just subtweeted with his column. He should know better. He doesn’t. That’s not okay anymore.
Class of 21 is actual ass omg.
In Hazen tonight for the first time doing some scouting and Blayne Toll is one tall human.
Want to guess which treacherous senator is responsible for filling the Republican-vacated seats on the Federal Election Commission, which lacks a quorum, and therefore lacks teeth to prevent 2020 foreign interference? Yep, your favorite Muscovite, @senatemajldr #MoscowMitch.
a lil less talk, a lil more action
me getting ready to go out again after being hung over in my bed sleeping all 
Dont wast your time on Comey! Just win the 
he’d get rights if they were 
The start of what is going to be an amazingly epic 
Bob Risky is actually peng yannoe
i'm weird i'm a weirdo i dont fit in and i don't wanna fit  …
Did Trump tweet a photo of an Iranian missile site that he got from … an intelligence briefing?  
Dylan Downing with 118 first half rushing yards. Hounds at their own 33.
Game time! #PantherPride 
Wow. I am obsessed with this 
RIHANNA FEAT MEGAN THEE STALION OMGGGG
My accuracy is crazy!! 40sec of no 
I think the Samaritans have made a mistake getting into bed with a  …
The @tigers today announced that LHP Caleb Thielbar has been traded to the Atlanta Braves for cash considerations.
Brad Salem is Dave Warner's burner account
I just picked Ken on the character select screen and a girl just materialized on my lap is this the power of playing Ken?
Prospect Park in Brooklyn had at least three COMMON NIGHTHAWKS to Central Park's zero tonight, but birds will be moving Saturday night and perhaps we can even up the 
Ange farot et Tonton Kouakou qui est le MOAT (Moche of all time) meme !?
After #ComeyIGReport Is Torn To Shreds By IG, Brennan Threatens #Trump #Barr & #Senate #GOP On Twitter - Protective Cocoon Is Only  …
me waiting for ellie and foord  "for the mamis and the papis" on lindsey's 
Look how cute I look 
oh my gosh... shawn’s venus is in cancer and camila’s is in pisces. the signs those planets are in represent how you love and what you look for in a relationship. 
by the time i pull up be outside or I’m leaving  …
Note to 
"WHAT'S YOUR TALENT? " 
- Too White (12/?) This would be a fair argument if his ideas would not help the majority of working class Americans but they do. They’re also not status-quo policies that white men traditionally push. Did anyone judge Hillary or Warren on their “whiteness”??
"You were my soulmate." "Yeah, well... not- not anymore."
@farsalicare Skintune, @NyxCosmetics Can’t Foundation + Setting Powder, @elfcosmetics Contour, @milanicosmetics Blush, @wetnwildbeauty Highlight, @ABHcosmetics @AlyssaEdwards_1 Palette + Eye Primer, @BenefitBeauty precisely my brow + BadGal, @laritzymakeup Tidal, @moxielash 
i flipped off a ten year old kid today while i was driving and i’m not sorry about it
????... You hypocrites. It's reached a point where "Armys" move like antis. Y'all repost the "leave them alone during their break" announcement on your TLs for clout, but as soon as there's any pictures or videos of members, y'all BEG people to DM them, you're worse than antis.
Finally made it. 2.5 hour trip turns into 6. Gotta love it. Now we take on Nashville.
Kould never katxh me dating someone who spells like  …
Oh o assistente 
During slowdown, it is the  which go through maximum pain and they are the ones which need help first.
Dropped my 10 year-old son off at a friend’s house for his first “solo” draft. Messaged me with his first pick: Tyreek 
I like how you think
Tulsa’s defense was rated 76th overall last year. 96th in S&P+.
Settled in waiting for the start of the 
#France's #Macron urges to ease the pressure on #Iran as he's playing to the domestic audience that's unconcerned with #Israel's safety – but #Trump isn't going to fall for that, former Naval Intelligence officer John Jordan tells 
 …
At the @WatchMixer booth! Come say hello 
In honor of Mary Shelley’s birthday, here’s my favorite quote of 
cp loves glee but the only character she's following on twitter is santana... interesting!
 the Dragons! 
Beauty is everywhere: A gorgeous Elk in Western 
Hey kids quit vaping and start smoking reds
AUG 30, 2019 #WhiteSupremacist with possible links to violent #neoNazi group, Atomwaffen Division , CHARGED with threatening to kill Jewish man and his infant in L.A.  … #WhiteSupremacistTerrorism #HateIsNotAHoax
Someone do my biology homework I’ll let you join VK
the way she put that mf in reverse killed  …
One last Friday fire before school begins on Tuesday! A good 
What do you fear?
Some of y’all forgot about this beautiful song and it 
The 5th anniv.  will have all new or previously unreleased gems from heavy hitters of creativity. Two of the bands, @iloveparallels & @bunnyxmusic, are joining @ninasounduk & @CZARINAnyc in 2 wks at @KnitFactoryBK. Don't miss  …
This the Belle Isle I  …
I asked for VIP tickets to the most relevant football game being played in America tonight and I ended up 
Sign me  …
Our students & faculty are so fortunate here @UBC_Arts @UBC @ubccrwr @ubc_english to be joined by @Dallas_Hunt @BillyRayB  …  will be stronger with you! 
flying to Alaska to surprise my grandma and I’m sooooo excited to see her. I can’t wait to give her the biggest hug EVER. She’s probs gonna cry when she sees me at her door
So inspired by the positivity of @senatorshoshana and her climbing pics that I am starting a thread to document our periodic family hikes in and around @RockyNPS Here’s our very first, from last weekend: Sprague 
This really is remarkable. Thanks for the unwrapped image and the link to the useful  …
This message brought to you by JP Morgan Chase.
PRODUCTION I.G!!!!!! HEREDITARY OST!!!!!!! INCOMING  …
So excited to be a MIEE Fellow alongside these two amazing educators!! @sdtitmas  …
If getting justice in the USA happens this slowly, you can expect Comey-Brennan-Clapper-McCabe quartet & co. to be tried for treason in 2036. Of course if any of them survives the usual Clintocide epidemic…  …
“You’re a bedbug.” “Oh yeah what 
To my dearest @BTS_twt Im so thankful to all meet you through your songs that made my life live with the fullest and you all encourage us to love ourselves despite in our circumstances happened in our life 
Sorry for always being so anxious
Christmas came early this 
And yet it seems no one is standing up to him. But then when several Ministers in the last few months have said on the record that proroguing would be terrible, but now dodge questions on it, I guess we shouldn't be surprised. ££ > principles.
Here we go!!! @LNEagleNews @LNEagleFootball 
wrote a song for  …
I’ve weighed out the pros and cons and I’ve decided I’m going to eat an entire taste of St. Louis box from Imos to myself. It was a tough decision, but I think it’s what’s best for me at this time in my life.
I feel like the Mayor of every SEC town should have to fight to the death in a Bloodsport like tournament. If your mayor loses, you must fire your current HC and the winning mayor gets to pick your next HC. It’s only fair.
Should the kayakers have kayaked elsewhere maybe.
We had a few MSU carpools go to SFW 200, and here are the results of everyone who participated! If you want to be involved in any future carpools, make sure to check out our 
There you  …
There is a gallery downstairs called the Morrison Hotel Gallery. Amazing signed and numbered photographic prints of Debbie Harry, The Doors, Fleetwood Mac, Hendrix, and others.
The #Dodgers announced that they have activated infielder/outfielder Kristopher Negrón from the 10-day injured list and placed infielder Max Muncy on the 10-day injured list with a right wrist fracture, retroactive to August 29.
I hope to see all your beautiful faces at one of our watching parties tomorrow! Also, bring some cash because we have some awesome raffle items. And the proceeds go towards scholarships! AND YOU GET TO WATCH SOME RED RAIDER FOOTBALL!
" LIFE is a GIFT .Wake up everyday and realize that. " Good morning everyone ! KIANO FirstCharityEvent @_kiatakahashi @iamginoroqueiv
I hate people who say they don’t like rides. Like??? grow up.
is anyone else experiencing extreme stress today?
Great way to close this month! Amazing teaching & learning at #ThePlaceToBe . Teachers in the power zone, coaches working with the curriculum department, Mr. Anderson in action! @GinningsElem @cornqander @gperkins1 @dentonisd @ferris_cindy 
Ronald Reagan photobombed in the Oval Office, 
" Love you " 
She looks good. Like, really 
I want to get wine drunk on the 
Met sooo many beautiful audience members today @UKfalsettos thank you sooo much for the love and praise it means the #ukfalsettos #fansettos #theotherpalace #firstpreview
A Nation Awakes Vigils across Australia tomorrow from Biloela to Melbourne to Perth and all points in between Stand up to cruelty- it matters #HomeToBilo
The Green New Deal is a scam on top of a scam. It’s built around the Left’s Climate Change Wealth Redistribution Scam, but most of it is really built around their primary scam - trying to conflate Socialist Policies/‘Free Stuff’ with the ‘need’ to waste money on Climate Change.
HIS NOSE THE PAPERBOY HAT HIS JAWLINE I WANNA KISS  …
LOOK what my grandma just texted my mom. this 
thx for watching the stream everyone!! we made a chest 
TWICE LEGENDS COMEBACK ON SEPTEMBER BE READY
Tonight's game has been postponed. Plan for a doubleheader on Sunday. #STLCards #Reds
We CAN 1) reduce CO2 emissions from human activity into the atmosphere by ~90% 2) remove CO2 from atmosphere (Scientific American, Jan 2019, pp 52-59) by half-a-dozen methods (ranging from Full Industrial to Full Biological, and lots in between). I'm very  …
We lost to the white man once again...  
we are sending our prayers and good thoughts to southern Florida to weather the  
Fish 
I’ve watched her grow into a Beautiful woman tomorrow we jayie 
Panthers in Normandy, 
BRAIN DESTROYER COCK EMPLOYER
Hey I'm starting a Spiderverse based TTRPG run by one of my best friends, @Emjade2017 and this is my Spidersona, Darcie Decker! Also her brother Darin, played by 
What’s big 
He is obsessed. I want a serious human as President next time.
Trump defends tweeting sensitive photo of Iran launch site  
Jump for joy! #BattleBots is on @Discovery right now (east coast). Hop on over to your TV and flip on the 
FYI Wholesalers! #MaineXZonroxMakeover 
When you go to lake wollomes with your girl and all trokiando foos pull up and bust 
Sending our congrats to 2 former @CoSIDAnews presidents & CoSIDA Hall of Famers who have begun new professional start-up  1997-98 prez @KowalskiPete (Kowalski Sports and PR; CoSIDA HOF in 2017) and 2014-15 prez Eric McDowell (The Eric Idea Agency; HOF in 
It costs a billion dollars to produce and still doesn't get a Season 2?
brought the bell bottoms out 
Thoughts with steamboat: Sometimes I just imagine my characters I drawn, in a full fledge fighting game. While I listen to some music. Sometimes I even imagine character trailers. That concludes thoughts with steamboat.
I suspect Coleman wants to intervene but Dutton and Pezzullo wont let  …
baby don’t like it enthusiasts where y’all 
Add another one! Trea Turner plates Victor Robles to increase the Nats’ lead to 
We are so excited to announce that our next Gathering of Kindness event will be held at @KPMG Melbourne, on Thursday 14 November! For more info:  … (Program to be released shortly!) #kindnessworkshere #elephants #staffexperience #research 
Praying for the young mom. I don’t recognize my country any more. Stephen Miller is getting away with murder....
I yelled “You’re introspecktive” In a parking garage and I embarrassed Colin so bad.
I’d been feeling so grumpy today, and then I learned my MRI showed my heart is improving and now I feel much better. Funny how that works.
What I’m wondering: how did Tennessee not know, can Graham Harrell save Clay Helton, good or bad Texas this year (OK, Cool. Hook’ em) & my best 5 picks for  …
#Polyanskiy: History remains #history, but a lot of political actions are usually based on historic events. There are lots of facts that build a basis for our perception of the beginning of #WWII. Briefing by @Dpol_un 80th Anniversary of the start of WWII:  
Round starts NOW.   (BTN+) 
I cleaned my room and my sister goes  over?”
Enjoy your long weekends, those who can do so. And thanks to all who will be working this weekend! Let us try to be good to one another — and ourselves — in  days. I came to a park to enjoy dusk in DC. So glad the water is back on!  – at Meridian Hill Park
S/O @Mike_n_Keys just cause
Google Earth shows that the launch pad is about 60m in diameter, while the launch pad is about 600 pixels wide in the picture. That suggests a resolution of at least 10cm per pixel, as the original image could have had a higher 
JJ with the step-back threeeee #BurnItDown 
@CBP Who R These American Border Guards That Denied #CanadianMuslims Entry Into The USA, & Why Were They Denied Entry When They're Not From Any Of The Countries On Trump's #RACIST #MuslimBan? These #ISLAMOPHOBIC Guards Need To Be FIRED ASAP!! This Is UNACCEPTABLE!! #OneVoice1  
He's so protective! Watching the ground to see if she's safe to be let  …
shawn : 
The process to be SORC affiliated gets more and  over the years. This is soooooo disappointing. Almost like Pitt wants to gradually push out student groups it disapproves of  …
that’s not how you spell “permanently”.
August Idol Group Brand Reputation Rankings #42 - #G_I_DLE/ #여자아이들 Participation: 83.336 Media Activity: 757,472 Communication: 139,288 Community: 147,169 Total: 1.1 Million 
Posted 4:57pm: Cliff: "Holly, you're the only one in this house who hasn't had a punishment." Nicole: "Although, you're in a showmance with Michie, so that's punishment enough." #BB21 #BBLF
The Power of Ten.  – at Howard University - Main Yard
Bret Stephens is one column away from straight up quoting “Get In The Ring.”
LeBron 
n*fw thread of Choi Yeonjun
We had our first Positive Office Referral of the year with this awesome student! @MooreMagnetES @TeacherDeac09 @TFullerwinder #MooreTogether 
I believe this now makes 14 Republican incumbents (in the House) to announce plans to retire, resign, or seek another  …
Grad pay is DEFINITELY not acceptable, but it's wild that this is the most money I'll be making than ever before.
PH MOOS GIVEAWAY Hi y'all PH labanoses. I'll be in the RAMF con, so naisip ko ipa-raffle ko na mga to • 24" x 18" Moonsun poster [folded] • Moonsun "Soulmate" cloth banner • Moonsun Folder How to win: Like this tweet open your dm. 
south florida vs Wisconsin game at Raymond James Stadium looks like a Bowl game Half the stadium is dressed in red and it isn't the seats this time.
“You are perfection my only 
The call for proposals for the University of California President's Postdoctoral Fellowship @UC_PPFP is now out, see  Spread the word. If you are finishing grad student or postdoc, apply to work with me and my awesome colleagues at 
This is the best fruit, change my mind 
Prairie Plague 
I’m proud to (finally) announce that I’ve accepted a position as a Partnerships Manager over @streamlabs in their Vancouver office! Super excited for this new adventure!
I would  out and admit that I was addicted to huffing Fabuloso than huffing white  …
Bethel University Men’s Basketball Coach Steve Drabyn & his assistants stopped by my office today to say hi. Had a great visit with them. Can’t wait to see these impressive young leaders & their team take the court right here in the Princess City. Go Pilots. Mishawaka 
all panphobes and aphobes are disgusting and do so much harm to  and i hope they choke
The struggle of having to eat before a night of drinking so you don’t die but not really wanting to so you don’t look bloated
Who’s 
Oh 
i want lily collins to beat the shit out of me
Breakfast with us, yeah? @chuasjcath @RicaVillordonX @crazicouqueen @yulacabanada @aralasim @pinglaaii @NasninYu 
Latter day  …
I like this side of  …
. @NFLFantasy drafts don't get more official than this. @NFLCommish gave one fantasy league the Experience of a Lifetime by hosting their draft at the NFL offices. 
Yeah, no they didn't. Trump boosted THEIR ratings. Don't worry, y'all can watch the  at @Fox all you want. WE won't. @OANN
2004 @RedSox World Series Champ @KeithFoulke signing autographs for fans in the PawSox Fan Center on a @coxnortheast Legendary Friday  – at McCoy Stadium
Daton Fix is a veteran freestyle wrestler even though he  in his first Senior World Championships in September. @_Greatest_Ever1  his freshman year at @CowboyWrestling but will take on the world. Read more about Fix  
Ayo @joeyBADASS and @StatikSelekt collabs are always straight dumb on papa Dios
HERE COMES FUTURE #91L INVEST..... FUTURE #FERNAND ??? NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER BUMPING THE CHANCES TO 40% CHANCE OF DVLPMNT NEXT 5 DAYS.....YA'LL READY TO DO IT AGAIN.... JU AXE POR IT...... JU GOT IT.... TOY-JO-DA 
When Gerry smashed and dashed out of Ontario, we thought: "Yay! The evil architect is gone." Imagine our dismay when he showed up in Ottawa with his bestie. When he smashed and dashed out of Ottawa, we thought: "Ok. This time it has to stick". Ugh.. He's like a cockroach.  …
just a lil 
Good night with Taekook 
In a few years we gone see who was really grinding and not just cappin for this social shit.
Good morning, it’s the weekend! More time to stream & share #FiendMV ! Now with 787k views! James Reid ft. Just Hush - Fiend (Official Music Video)  
hey dingus, your children are 
When you were preparing to record a rant in your car and see this...  
heather holloway did not have a crush on billy hargrove. she had a crush on robin and nancy
I am a s l u t for some bold affection
Wow ! #downtown #Toronto is lit up from the sun hitting all the glass condos ! Amazing View from my incall in 
Or just the standard dietary requirements of a human person. This is possibly the most unbalanced diet I've ever seen, even with the tiny portions
I’ve been wasting my time with wrong people for the longest time
Hi @ScottMorrisonMP, is this one of the cages you have the #Biloela family locked up in on Christmas Island? Jesus would be so proud. #FauxChristian 
.  from behind to beat Winter Park (FL) 
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO 625PP AND A #1 
Being good at Twitter is easy; you just have to believe in your heart of hearts that each and every thought which passes through your mind, no matter how inane, merits attention and praise.
When traveling to a galaxy far, far away.... Don’t forget to activate your datapad! #GalaxysEdge  …
CN LIVE! Episode  …
Guess I can share this for #FeatherFriday. In my "Future Arc" series Ann is a movie star for a period of time. And one of her biggest roles is starting in a movie where she battles Pink Argus; aka Yukari's character. Idea is inspired by the Super Sentai vs. Kamen Rider 
NEW VIDEO Show Some Love! This one's a Banger! Following a Few who drop  @DareRising #DareToAchieve :  
Michigan football is back tomorrow. Nothing has ever sounded so good 
If you are attending Pax West  say hello to me between 1-3pm at the @Levelupdice booth! After that, I will be at the @WyrmwoodGaming booth between 4-5pm! Hope to see you all 
Once Brandy got to the second verse and started her ad-libs Mo never stood a  …
okay so me and jess ( @vaniIIahoodies ) will be owning the account @NJHPROMO1 . we're going to try our best to promote niall's music and work etc; so it would be great if you could give it a follow!
11:11 jupi, tae, farren, god, neptune, adrie, alara, gguk, luka, mina, nino, juliet, hell and cws for their happiness ♡
How the fuck am I supposed to dress for emo night when it’s 90 and humid out
In anticipation of #HurricaneDorian, dozens of our members have been deployed with Virginia's @fema US&R task forces - We wish safe travels for 
Hoping everyone’s Friday has been great!! 
Brave, PEACEFUL parents refusing to stand down in the fight to protect their children. Pan calls this “violent” He’s either lying or delusional. Either way, he has no business being in office #SB276  …
G’night all.. having to spoon the pillow tonight because I’ve got no one to give me cuddles! #LonelyAndro #CuteGinger 
@4thDownDawgs Specialists 
trump is a FAKE Christian. There’s not a religious bone in his entire BIGLY body...not one! This 80% is insane! Seriously! Like Jim drink the kool aid insane type of people!  …
The cast lists are out! Congratulations to everyone who is in the musical or play! 
Celebrating the beautiful sherylcrow today and her #Threads album release! I know what a labor of love this one was and feel so joyful watching her put it out there. Also, the best to have great girlfriends to…  …
How can you remoaners say democracy with a straight face? You have been fighting a democratic vote 24/7 for the last 3 years!!!! Boris was absolutely right, the poor chap is trying to to bring sovereignty & democracy HOME the EU fanatics want it to remain in the EU!! #Unhinged
Never forget that this picture 
Summer with yha friends vs sitting in class 
I just saw the homeless man I bonded with a few weeks back driving around town on a motorized scooter. Good for him.. he looks happy af.
Couldn’t catch a restock so trying it like this lol. Help me out, random RT gets $25. @HyperRaffleBot 
You colluded with the Russians and WikiLeaks. You coordinated their release of information damaging to Clinton. Then you obstructed justice. All facts. You are Putin’s President. These stupid, partisan attacks on an ex-FBI director will never change that, Donald.
Greatest classic rock band of all time ? Keep your Beatles... Keep your Stones ... Give me these guys all day. 
Wisconsin Football Is Back 
Do whatever the fuck it takes for you to feel real again.
#OnTrumpsToDoList be Putin’s sex toy. 
The guy who murdered Kate Steinle, now is a free  The only remaining charge against him was the Federal Gun charge, and he got off on a technicality.
Congratulations to my 73,000th follower....prize in the post
It's Friday, and I don't care if you're running a 10k on Labor Day. We get it, you're fit. Excuse me while I crack a cold one and be lazy.
Brad, I think your lawyers would probably advise you to stop talking now.
I always show up for my friends and they never show up for  …
The first #MSUBears win of the season is in the 
Eric Garner being choked to death on a sidewalk by an NYPD officer who faces no legal consequence as a result is about reasserting the anti-Black racial caste in America. Garner has no humanity or rights which the NYPD was bound to respect. No bodily autonomy or right to refuse.
LIVE Playing Overwatch, trying to get to ranked! This game is really starting to grow on me. In 
some of yall don't ship finnpoe-  …
[Seteth Spoiler] . . . . I don't think I can finish this lmao Anyway, here's Cichol and Cethleann in the War or 
Happy #NationalBeachDay. #StarVsTheForcesOfEvil 
I'm so fine, you so 
Holy shit.
We cannot wait to get back to Ghost Hunting at Halloween, Dorset Ghost 
Baboso.
Wonderful evening at the @ColumbusCrewSC alumni party hosted by @DrPeteEdwards1 at Scioto Country club. #Columbus 
Michigan State's special teams almost took it off the punter's shoe 
Teachers deserve so much more than 40k a  …
Another file in hand, a smile that defies exhaustion, what else isn't 12:05am 
TL looking a little bit dry I’m looking for some chill as Mutuals here’s some of the anime I watch - Demon Slayer (KnY) - My Hero academia - YYH - Black Clover - FMAB - Hunter x Hunter - Dr. Stone - Fire Force - One Piece - Fate Follow ya boi
Wish i could watch this wake forest Game ..
All three have said NO. Repeatedly. Would be great if the press could let this narrative go & cover the candidates who ARE RUNNING for Senate. Badgering these three to do something they’re not gonna do is not new or news. And FYI Dems, it’s not going to help us 
I can’t believe my baby sis is 23 today Love this girl so freakin much 
rt and I will pay for yall nipple piercings DM 
What thing do you see first? When you have to part with your favourite red lingerie that has intimately seen @therealjuliaann @mysexyauctions and search my name 
Enjoy your weekend 
Beautiful marina sunset this evening while looking down the Intracoastal Waterway! #naturephotography #sunset #FridayThoughts @RealSaltLife @PhotographyWx @weatherwx @EarthandClouds @EarthandClouds2 @StormHour 
In his second plate appearance for the Brooklyn Cyclones, Mets 2019 first rounder Brett Baty knocks in three with a double.
#Cardinals game has been ppd. #Reds There are plans for a doubleheader Sunday.
i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m not ready to see richie cry i’m-
Where's Lil Kesh??
CNN will be out of business soon and nothing of value will have been lost.
Audriana Fitzmorris records career block No. 500! S2: 12, 10 
VB: Comets win all 3 sets! @UTDallasVB took a close set 3, 28-26! Game  up at 8pm! #WHOOSH 
190831 The Boyz Pre-rec thread + mini fanmeeting!!!! today’s qn is not too bad, and broadcast pc is CHANHEEEEEE 
I hope you don’t feel pressured to work while healing! Focus on your health first and foremost
So sad to hear this news... what a great fight, with a wonderful outlook. #RIPvalerieHarper  …
He was here yesterday. Roberts said he recently began baseball activity. Dry swings,  …
Atkinson with the touchdown. 2 point conversion good for the Pioneers to take the lead 14-7.
ok now where are the sugar daddies at.
start there by Capitec to deposit money into my account  …
don’t work in customer service if you’re gonna be a fucking bitch
Me going back to class after “using the 
this is important. bluegyu or 
What match are you most looking forward to at #AllOut ? Tell me in a gif. 
“You never hear about me because I'm never heard from.”
Fans of old school wrestling... This #TurnerMemories featuring @JRsBBQ and @tonyschiavone24 is right up your alley! Great stories of the days with Turner Broadcasting. It's been an amazing day of @StarrcastEvents action! We wish it would never 
Boy, super monkey ball looks alot different than what i 
Look for our friends with @TennesseeBig around the stadium tomorrow selling @Vol_Football game day souvenir 
Dear @fcstpauli and @fcstpauli_EN, We think it’s high time to offer a trans totenkopf in the club shop. What do you say? #Pride2019 #FCSP #TransIsBeautiful  …
Thank you James from Cairns for you letter and gift (I chewed on it a bit I’m 
This guy running passed my house was too busy staring at me, saying hi and just ate shit over his own dog. I’m dead.
If anyone deserves to be in the @PBATour Hall of Fame for one shot, I nominate @OskuPBA who pulled off this incredible loft shot over a chair in the 2009 WSOB Trick Shot Challenge. BUT I wonder how Lane 9 played 
rawe jimin en soiree il 
RT if my dad and I should finish another case of Banquets.
 arrived in Kunduz to repel the Taliban's attack on Kunduz city. 
A beautiful night to open up the HS FB season. A great atmosphere here at Finnie Stadium. 
【HQ※190830】 Jeonghan en el #ODETOYOUinSEOULDAY1 Cr: Tourmaline #SEVENTEEN #세븐틴 #정한 #JEONGHAN 
Going to Twitch HQ, yall want 
Shorty approached me in the club last night and told me she listens to my music all the time. She then started listing off songs. Lol I just hugged her
#PSO2 #PSO2_SS #キャストはいいぞ #フォロワーのアークスがrtしてくれてまだ見ぬアークスと繋がりたい - Hell & Void 
FOREVERTINYS ONLY PLS 
From experience, that's TS//SI/TK. And this picture of the image was taken with a phone and uploaded to the internet... Every security manager in the IC just had a stroke, and the security manager for program producing this image is currently under sedation.
Senator 
Before you sleep tonight, just take a time and type "I will be favoured in September."
What’s your weed man  …
Perfecting my BABYDOLL 
in moroccan, we don’t tell people to “shut up” we say “zim kabintik” which tells the other person to shut their toilet like mouth, and i think that’s  …
aaliyah jay & her boyfriend is hilarious , she should’ve been showed his face
loki stans being like “Kelly | 59 | I Am His Asgardian Queen” is the funniest shit to me like yeah pop off
Sunday’s video is quite a 
The #RIP45 hashtag is inviting liberals  on their desire to see the president die. These are the same people who demanded the firing of a rodeo clown who made fun of  …
Heck of a vetting process the ⁦ @Liberal_party⁩ has. A quick google search would have revealed this Imam’s anti-semitism. Wonder how closely the other “ candidates” have been vetted? 
All this debate going in and nobodies talking about the things we really 
I just saw #RIP45 trending and to my surprise it’s not what I initially 
Continue to vote Democrat and you can keep all of this  …
Check out virtual participation possibilities at the  CIES conference - online papers & posters, as well as hybrid panels! #CIES2020 #EdBeyondHuman @ciesNewScholars @CIESIndigenous @CIESUREAG @CIESGenderEduc @CERJournal @CIES_LCSE @ed_sig @GlobalCies  
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NOCTIS !!!!!! 
Close your eyes and lay yourself beside me
Nah u lot that pack ur groceries in no order give me anxiety, mixing meats, veg n milk, yh deffo belong in the jungle
I NEED THIS 
I think you have it all wrong, @MaximeBernier. Canadians that are turning to populism are doing so because they see Donald Trump's hate speech south of the border gaining strong support and PPC/CPCs trying the same tactics here. Please stop now. That is not Canada! #cdnpoli
Who wants to start a band I’m 100% serious hit me up
I’ve seen tonight’s script, and things are about to get a whole lot  …
The arts matter.  … #yyc #ableg #yyccc @CalgaryArtsDev
Did YOU know @NewHopeClub  to Mobile next week!!! Win YOUR spot in the 97.5 Listener Lounge CLICK HERE —>  #NewHopeClub - Jimmy & @radiogirlcami 
This is how excited I 
Being a black woman >>>
much love to underground underdogs  …
you glow different when your in a happy healthy relationship
if you're a new army and never watched old bts content like their logs, rookie king, american hustle life and stuff like that i really  it it, because it's so cute and there's nothing quite like fetus bangtan. those are precious memories
Honestly, it looks a lot like an ID badge. I bet I could take mine, stick it in a lanyard, wear it around my neck, and get into the Apple press event next month without getting 
Me explaining to every person  in contact with, why they should watch 
cmon bro, she's sensitive,, be nice to her.
Eric Trump Says He Loves His Dad's Racist Tweets: "I love the tweet. If you don't love our country, get out, leave," Dems have  "radical socialist party" "If "one of these lunatics gets into office" it would have negative impact on the  …
#HomeToBiloela family taken to Christmas Island last night! WTF  over this country?? WHAT is driving that vile, vicious, inhuman, crule, callous miserable cold “hearts” of Dutton and Morrison?? These two “men” want religious protections while being brutally inhuman.  …
Damnnn I really have no friends lmao
Cesar Chavez's #UFW had a loyal & passionate champion in actress Valerie Harper. She unselfishly embraced the #farmworkers' cause. Valerie & Cesar maintained a close friendship. His farm worker movement deeply mourns her passing. 
Disney Cast Members are generally happy, creative people who want to be part of the magic, so, fine. But if you the CEO are going to get up onstage and call them "entertainment," you get to pay them a performance bump
When ever mike in on the screen, I can’t help but love him his wife is so lucky nigga is a fucking clown. A king I will forever stan #BBNaija
if you could see the way im 
If I told em my next move they couldn’t even stop it 
He won’t take pictures with Tiffany because he thinks she’s fat. He lied about China to manipulate the stock market. He called White Supremacists #VeryFinePeople. He called himself Christ Reborn. But Abby here is upset because people are making jokes about  …
i’m boutta head out y’all want 
Can’t stop laughing 
YO IM LIVE RIGHT NOW ON @SaintsSanctum TWITCH! GET IN 
Having first met Mr. Sherman some years ago, I’m excited to see him taking over our hometown team. I thank the Glass family for bringing us some outstanding memories and look forward to more great moments for years  #KC  …
“Pain is an old friend” - Doctor Strange Pc: @aleestudios Do you all have any theories about #DoctorStrange2? I so hope Nightmare is a lady villain! Of nightmare will be in it!? Tell me your theory below _____ Full break down of my doctor strang…  
Hmmm...Glimmer and Adora should be switched!
The Lord Almighty will show His mercy upon you and He will wipe your tears in Jesus name  …
You ever have a lot of stuff to unload from your car trunk so you just sit in the car listening to music for a while instead?
If someone hits my kid I swear I’m going to jail for  …
Don't worry. The industry can only support so many Will And Grace reboots.
What is your go-to homemade dinner?
Thank YOU for the incredible work you do! #fostercare  …
Can people just block each other if you dont like how each other tweet. Lol. U think causing unnecessary drama is a personality trait.
Camwow walked so Huji could run
Interested in  a Suicide girl or know someone who is? I am not only a model and photographer for @SuicideGirls but also a recruiter. I can help you get started and answer any questions you may have. DM me on  … or message me here to get 
Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
She was always so genuinely kind. Flights of  …
GIF game is strong today in the People's Republic. It curdles our loins, stokes our coals. Love is in the 
your just a beta cuck honestly just admit you were wrong about Vic you manchild — If you're a good boy and calm down maybe your parents would love  …
Okay folks. Maggie  that I'm spending too much time on my phone box looking at the twooters. Yep... She's annoyed alright. Just look at dat face! 
R.R. Jones stadium looks beautiful, doesn’t she? Horizon vs. El Paso kicks off in just over an hour #txhsfb 
Victor Ford for the Raider lead in 2nd OT. Shaker 17 Garfield 10. Bulldogs with chance to 
This is @hihello_hannah and me any time we go more than a day without seeing each  …
It’s kinda sad that greek life is pretty much the glue that keeps shsu together but its obvious Sam is slowly trying to push Greek life off of campus ....
Lmao get loved pussy hahaha I’m gonna validate you and there’s nothing you can do about it
Trump says his personal assistant who was fired for blabbing about his family to the media was drinking when she did 
Playing multiple sports not only prevents injuries by focusing on more muscles, but it helps you deal with a variety of pressure situations, which makes you mentally tougher.
We all agreed that amercans cant dress so why did UK niggas start copying their wayward drip?
Hey @OriginalFunko can I request for a Fumiya Sankai @fumfumfum3 pop for Funko PH? I can gaurantee at least a thousand sales. Promise, cross my heart hope to 
I really shouldn’t be laughing but 
The world is testing me this week. Pls air drop emergency pet photos. All pets  even the slithery kind!
Gave the officials a piece of my mind last night so I’ve decided to give refereeing a crack! Catch me on the sideline tonight at the Jordan vs. PG game! I’m about to gain a lot of respect for the men in the middle, but I love this game & want to learn everything I can. #PunterRef – at Jordan High School
We  …
I’m sure my rapist had consensual sex with other women. Doesn’t change the fact that he raped  …
Great news! James has been found and is on his way home now. Thanks for everyone's  …
Trump is OBSESSED with this non-story. The IG found that Comey broke no laws. And after whining that Fox News 'Isn't working for us,' Trump posts 5 anti-Comey videos. The Love Affair Between Trump and Fox News Has Been All Patched Up, Thank 
Wheres the outage for this blantant racism? I showed this to a few who are offended by the Dior ad and it didn't phase 
 section the last couple 
Article from 2016 that @MsKellyMHayes' blog 'Transformative Spaces' hosted for us. Much love again as well to the @praxis_center for amplifying and cross-posting this content. #FreeLeLe  …
On a day where I just kept seeing videos on twitter of people getting stabbed I needed something this  …
I mean, look, Sensible Mom is all very well for your Slate headshot but 
When you can't decide between small, medium, and large... You wear all 3 
Website is down for scheduled maintenance, server switch and redesign as we get set for camp in four weeks. One quick note: Anderson Varejao still has a home in Cleveland ... and will be playing for Brazil in the FIBA World Cup. Starts this weekend. #NBA
don't think that you know me cause of what i post, cos that's what i want you to know.
It seems this was about his kids not hers.
Just noticed that the channel logo on Atlus JP videos now features an illustration of Morgana alongside the text "登録" (register/subscribe). Looking cool, 
this beomgyu has too much power #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER #투모로우바이투게더 @TXT_members 
| Anna Kendrick on the set of 'Love Life' today in New York City. 
Prayers to all of our neighbors in Florida! Just spoke to some electrical workers in Slidell, LA, help is already on the way! Stay 
At the con as kyo 
#Suprabhat Jai Shree Krishna to all of you
The clock app is 
You don't know, babe When you hold me And kiss me slowly It's the sweetest thing And it don't change If I had it my way You would know that you are
we are in constant development, stop beating yourself up over something that you are in the process of changing or developing, if you hyper-focus on the those things it will only halt your process of growing and  the better version of yourself
That’s a HARD NO! But apparently you can foot the bill since you paid a guy for having an affair with you. Hopefully you end up out of Congress and get some jail time to reflect.
— everyone always talks about the way that jungkook looks at taehyung, but I rarely seen it discussed the other way around. so in celebration of jungkookie’s birthday tomorrow, here’s one of the ways that he’s so very loved by one of the most special people in his life
People of the USA! WOKE: A GUIDE TO SOCIAL JUSTICE by @TitaniaMcGrath is out this week! “The book everyone’s talking about” - @thetimes “Absolutely brilliant” - @newcriterion “Hilarious” - @spectator "Genius" - @unherd "Cheap" -  …
Tonight’s game has been postponed. Doubleheader’s on Saturday and Sunday for the #STLCards.
John Carroll goal scored by Brenden Swann assisted by Mario Aboumitri. 1-0 (26) #JCUOC
Here are  pages for my FE3H '  Thank you for Reading! 
They didn’t even try to hide it with Tata
I miss hearing Red Fumz count kills
Very sad news: The legendary 4-time Emmy Award-winner, Valerie Harper has passed away at 80. She was the epitome of courage and the tenacity of the human spirit. R.I.P. and 
Certain people need to understand its just a hi bye thing nothing more
White people who are constantly criticizing black women... you’re weird. Instead of dragging EVEN ACTUALLY problematic black women on twitter, what if you stayed in your lane, criticized the MANY fucked up white people that exist, and let other black women criticize black women
why not take a break guys, :D you can fix this issue next week..!! please.. I SAID PLEASE!!!!
I think you have it all wrong, @MaximeBernier. Canadians that are turning to populism are doing so because they see Donald Trump's hate speech south of the border gaining strong support and PPC/CPCs trying the same tactics here. Please stop now. That is not Canada!  …
Elissa please unblock her She's a fan and u blocked her by mistake akeed @elissakh  …
choose ur 
Good Win @PCtigerfootball 1-034-21 
Let’s go Saints!! Senior Year ! ⁦ @brockloclegend⁩ ⁦ @treycartledge33⁩ ⁦ @_connorbutt_⁩ ⁦ @cadealanbennett⁩ ⁦ 
New pink whitney Pink lemonade New Amsterdam Vodka $10.99 
"I'm struck by the fact that the non-agricultural cooperatives are still seen as an experiment," said Pavel Vidal, a former Cuban central bank economist. “This confirms the lack of confidence the Cuban government has in relation to everything that is  …
SEND JAMES HOMELY TO G I T M O SIR
BDAY 
me and..... just  …
Gain with #MGWV Retweet Like Follow everyone Much Friday best @Bilal123x @Fer_M66 @Lola_lolita06 @mvf7186 @V2_N_St0 @LiliBodo @Mia__Emy @ArqueraS1310 @sasha_stana @mjetisky @VictoriaD6363 @llx1lv @MiDulcePasion__ @Lambordini_ @VINAY99996 #TeamDollNature #TMLILY 
How can someone be that gorgeous?! 
I wonder what Kingdom Hearts could be like if given a hard reset akin to BOTW or GOW
First collegiate XC win for @jacobjthompson #Gocards 
free 
My dad gave me a new shop apron! It's branded with the logo from his favorite beverage. I am now matching with Korean grannies in restaurant kitchens around the world. 
Ya Allah punish those that are involved in those atrocities, protect us against every calamity and give us shield against corrupt, inhumane and  leaders. #pray for Katsina.
Earth Mother, you who are called by a thousand names. May all remember we are cells in your body and dance together 
Why do people that have cute and soft art styles always get bombarded with "yo do you have a nsfw account"
ON THIS DAY: 15 years ago, Wayne Rooney signed for Manchester United. Legend! 
“please, love me again. please.” #LoveAlarm 
Guess  up next on @allinwithchris for his LIVE STUDIO audience show!!! You goin’ watch or nah?!? #WokeAF 
No Anita Baker slander shall prosper
It’s been a challenging three years but I am very proud to say that the hard work, dedication and love of our nation by staff, leadership and membership have put the Opaskwayak Cree Nation back on solid ground. The future looks bright!  …
How did I not know she married Landry from Friday night lights?! I love  …
lesbian. tried to fuck a dude in college and ended up with roo
The report is all scathing and almost no substance. It a hot air ballon. Fist pounding to please the president. I am surprised at  …
Everything ain’t hatin sum of y’all just never heard the truth before
It’s the weekend baby! It’s time to relax & unwind by drinking too many alcoholic beverages in a dimly lit corner at the dive bar, wishing you were in bed and maybe even in love.
If you never learn anything at all from me please learn about credit and financing. If you getting money monthly... You can live really nicely for a little bit of cash down. Please please please take care of your credit so you can STUNT super easy. I beg y'all please.
If anybody have this kinda mentality, unfollow me REAL  …
The worst kind of person is someone who lies and swears knowing deep down in their heart they are lying and they stand their ground. Fear those kind of people to fulfill their desires they can go as far as destroying someone and feel nothing about it.
Anyone else been encountering a bug with Freya where she's absolutely useless in every game?
Being honest, I sit back sometimes and look at some things that neo-lib candidates supporters say & believe and I realize how utterly uneducated and ignorant I was just 4 years ago! I was in that crowd and now it kinda disgusts me that I was! Thank God for growth in knowledge.
"But my ancestors didn't burn or drown with the rest of their race. Twelve years before the Doom, Aenar Targaryen abandoned the capital with his family [...] He and House Targaryen slinked away to a dreary, remote, godforsaken island. Forsaken no longer." 
Cool Flare splash screen animation by @samonkoba!  
Special guest tonight, EHS and Illini Alum, Brit Miller @brit_miller_td and Family. Thanks  out and addressing the boys before the game. 
Great Horror Movie Intros Part 2: #ANightmareOnElmStreet #Scream #Candyman 
After being arrested and released on bail in Hong Kong, Joshua Wong @joshuawongcf and Agnes Chow @chowtingagnes vowed to continue the fight for democracy. He also warned Chinese President Xi Jinping about using force to quash the 
+ Soap is a dangerous thing for a woman like me to have but I have it 8/30/19 : 
. @Titans coach Mike Vrabel shares some encouraging news on first-round pick @GrindSimmons94. "I would say that (his recovery) is far, far more along than what the average player would be." MORE  
Top 3 
Every night i ask myself “Where can I improve?”
for y’all timeline 
I made it to Instagram again 
“We’re just waiting on the [GOVT ENTITY] to give us access to the data, then we’ll be ready to start building!”
Once again proving if u are an illegal alien & use a gun 2 kill an American u will be forgiven, allowed 2 remain in the country, be placed on a fast track 2 citizenship & be a welfare ward of the st8. American lives are valueless 2 DemonRATS. Dorian's winds now are up to 125mph.
Jungkook. I  on the bucket hat is so obvious. He can't fool us with that hair.
When D-Will got going he was a top-5 player in the world in those games. Dropped 57 in this 
Because that's exactly what it looks like. First thought I had was "This is so freaking Marxist." I don't know if anyone remembers, but AOC's campaign poster had the  look to it.
...and the REAL victim of Shoah is... [envelope, please]... BRET STEPHENS! Come up here on stage, Bret, and receive your trophy!
oh my fucking god 
I’m going to start calling out editors that attack us viciously and hide behind writers that can’t control their own headlines. Journalists get blamed but the editors are the true evil. @cnnadam attacked my wife with zero visibility. You’re visible now, you scumbag.
Ok #SwitchCorps, line up for Monthly Pick-ups! Another busy month, with the holiday  My GCU ends on Tuesday (RIP, @BestBuy), so I've been pre-ordering like a madman. Some truly superb games arrived in August though. 500 contest SOON & almost time for 
They copped a burn last week in the press for the costs associated with it; so this will be a cynical response to justify the millions of our dollars they are abusing. Absolute bastardry
I wasn't planning on dancing but okay 
you guys need to chill out and listen to some riffs, is my opinion
Being private is the best decision I’ve ever made tbh
Do you remember your first day of school? The excitement, the friends, the opportunity to learn new things... Refugee children deserve the same. Here's how we're #SteppingUp for them:  
The weekend is a great time to read an #LGBTQ #YABooks w/ #MMRomance elements that takes place over 5 summers. Rediscover your first, longing love with Ian and Mike. #indieauthors #KindleUnlimited  
If Sho’nuff was in classic Detective Comics! Artist : @franks_kid Original caption by the artist: ... "The Dynamic Duo face off against The Shogun Of Harlem, in this classic edition of Detective Comics!” #thelastdragon 
Jordan McGraw on Growing Up with Dad Dr. Phil: 'His Tricks Don't Work On 
That god is real
Bancroft ‘s newest team members:) We’re so excited for the energy, incredible ideas & professionalism they bring every day! #proudtobeLBUSD 
Why does this seem like the kinda joke TRAFON would repost every 3 months for 
Queer furry SonicFox raises thousands for LGBT+ youth by playing Mortal Kombat for 72  …
Just got off the phone with the director for Columbinus. I am officially playing Prep. Prep is a closet gay, this is a difficult show emotionally. But it’s an important one, no matter what we can not forget the tragedies of the past
Here’s some kitty toes to brighten your 
Right, priorities should always be right at the bottom of any loyal libtard list.
OOPSIE! We just started following @NakedJustice today! BWAAAAAAAAA HAAAAAAAAA 
me irl  
Hurricane #Dorian is now a strong category 3 hurricane with winds of 125 mph. The Hurricane Hunters are flying through Dorian, and have also found a much lower pressure (950  to this afternoon (970 mb). Lower pressure will cause winds to 
i can foresee a weird future where tabletop rpgs evolve into this chimeraic beast, part vintage game of dice, part sylvanian families, where it's just about rolling the most gorgeous dice, selected specifically by theme, and scoring dependent on the overall aesthetic of the roll
If that’s actually katara I will go ape  …
Seriously? This isn’t a Senate schedule; it’s a scavenger hunt. The people @CoryGardner regards as an “unnecessary distraction” represent most of his constituents—Coloradans who want  the climate crisis, curb the cost of health care, and reduce the risk of gun  …
You're  and thank you for the support that lets me continue writing the sorts of stories I want to  …
Me in 40 
Photos were only allowed in the first two weeks of the exhibition. But plenty of Images are available from various online sources, as shown in this thread. The sheer magnificence of the artworks, however, can't be felt without being viewed in person. @LillaBRS @eranudturan
These two people are arguing about whether or not climate change is real & I chimed in with a haven’t you ever heard of closing the goddamn door?
That's Mister to You! @MrSaunders10 w/ the low driven shot into the far post @JAX_MSOC even w/ Marist at the break as the Dolphins respond minutes after going down a goal. #JUPhinsUp Watch on ESPN+  

how  …
As the curator points out, it's thanks to the migration of Sogdians these images, techniques & ideas associated with them could've spread so widely along the Silk Road. No surprise the figure on a Tibetan quiver(L) also appears on the stone coffin of a Sogdian immigrant in China. 
Warm congratulations to my colleague Amb #Vassily #Nebenzia of #Russia @RussiaUN on his assumption of the presidency of the #UNSC for the Month of September. Knowing  to the principles of the @UN charter, no doubt that his presidency will be a success 
@CrusaderSung is playing Amnesia and sometimes it's super 
You had me at “base access”
Incorrect Yang wants to give you a Dividend for investing your tax and data and information into this country. Because we are all AMERICANS and OWNERS of this country.
Man I'm so excited to show you guys my next tattoo that I'm getting on Wednesday! It might be my favorite one yet and yes it's @nfrealmusic related haha! Stay tuned
Remember when Providence Superintendent Gallo said there were 84 teacher vacancies a couple weeks ago? That number has actually gone *up*, with school starting on Tuesday. A Friday night update for  …
"It was a great team win. We had some people step up..." @Bird_AggieVB breaks down the season-opening win. #Trust 
Never in a million years would I use that. How incredibly awkward. Not a fan!!
Fast reply’s will get you  …
Looking at the elegantly posed ram on the left, woven into a gigantic piece of brocade for a certain imperial ceremony, I can't help thinking of its parallel on a screen panel from Shosoin, one of the treasures of Emperor Shomu in Japan, though created using the wax-resist 
190830 Taeyeon - ICN airport by YEN     
It’s my day 
The same people who claimed for years that it was unconstitutional to have children pray in public schools are the same people who now claim that transgender stories are required reading for 5 year olds without parental consent.
