Watching “The Jump” on espn . 30 minutes and not a mention of the Milwaukee #Bucks . @Rachel__Nichols can we please give Lebron and the Lakers a rest!! Please there are other teams in the NBA
Kim: "I hope we can make fruitful achievements that many people are waiting for, and I will try my best." Trump: "We had a very successful first summit...Hopefully this one will be equal or even greater than the first." More #TrumpKimSummit details:  
this was so cute 
Same. In PR, to "place an op-ed" means to get an opinion piece *in your client's name* published. In this case, likely would mean deploying friendly academics/think-tankers/ex-politicians to pitch to opinion-pages  …
I wish somebody was geeked over me
That's because she gave it away to Willie Brown..
Unbelievable story. Such an inspiring human being and courageous leader. Thank you so much for speaking to our  …
Exemplary educational work created by @HighSchoolNorth students celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth2019 . Looking forward to seeing the continued emphasis on Social Justice throughout the school year @MTPSpride @MTPSArtsAcademy #StudentVoice 
said i wouldn’t do it & i did it again
I’m a British Muslim and I am an organ donor... @MuslimOrganDonr @NHSOrganDonor @APPGBritMuslims Agree @shahidfarid - Time for Muslims in the UK to reflect on the benevolent act of #OrganDonation. A final act of giving. #Optout system  make the right decision....
Don’t breach our air space, no shots will be fired. Ur Purported confusion is just a lame excuse.Theres one man in charge and evidently so and its Prime Minister Imran Khan. Those who celebrate war will not participate in the war and those who participate will never celebrate war
These kids have been doing a fantastic job of rolling out #Steelers draft player profiles  news and articles in February: Please thank them with a follow: @Alex_Kozora @mmarczi @JCarney_Sports @StatsGuyDaniel @AndrewMiley @THMead3
My fave part of this is Kate pulling a pint. More royals  …
@_DomoWilson1 you just knewww he was about to slap that ass!! and you was READY for it ayyyee 
ALEX GOT DAMN  …
If we are not to have anyone in  systems that has obligations to foreign governments I guess that rules out 
A mini-rant on random things that drive me nuts about planning culture: 1. Treating disagreement like it's simply a matter of factual confusion on the part of one party (see also: the entire "explainer" genre). /1
(for people responding, yes, I've also used countless notes apps over the years. Evernote and onenote and google docs and etc)
BOMBSHELL: #Cohen lies to Congress Again. SHOCKER: #Dems support his lies because they orchestrated his performance. RESULT: The Wall gets built, more jobs are created, trade deal made with China, NK denuclearizes and @realDonaldTrump is re-elected in 2020. #MAGA
LeBron James has been impressed with growth of Kyle Kuzma and Brandon Ingram, who he said is in a "crazy shooting zone."  
Attention Eagle family I’m asking for help around  that if you or someone you know has a Mattress Sale sign still displaying in your yard to please dispose of the sign. Wanted to thank you all again for helping this be a successful fundraiser for our program.
never 
Slo-mo video yo! Investigating “le principe de Bernoulli” again with some demos @StMattsTigers #lessciences #6e @ptoddw @karen_yetman #lasautemagique 
look at them 
Hey guys! Just some reminders to keep your accounts safe! 1) Do not have ANY links in your bio that lead to x-rated websites. Twitter will ban you for this. Save those for a pinned tweet! 2) Do not have ANY nudity in your avi or cover photo! Again, you can get banned for this!
Great half time show by Ranger Robotics at the third annual STA basketball game 
However Bernie polls ahead of Kamala Harris and raised more money.
I had a great experience with some great people. The knowledge provided was powerful. The growth opportunities are undeniable. @smonagha21 @mtoro91_torres @Ms_Gonzales_13  …
Slow and steady gets you  …
"Of course not," she  …
This might be my favorite picture yet cc 
OPERATION HENNESSY: QARI AND GREENSLLIME'S FIRST COLLABORATIVE TAPE  … [@qariqariqari] 
Thankful to Receive an invite to tryout for the USA national football team! @AlPopsUSAFB 
LEBRON IS THE WLOAT! - The Odd Couple w/ @Chris_Broussard & @RobParkerFS1 tell you why #LeBron is the Worst Leader of All Time! LISTEN LIVE->  
when i was in the marvel fandom i read a fic that was written in email format and the email addresses were actual addresses you could talk to and it was super interactive and fun and i kinda wanna do that with this fic so in some way you'd be talking to jake&amy from the story?
First show of 2019 tomorrow night! Stoked to link with our buds @ARISEROOTS at La Santa in Santa Ana! Very special guest bassist will be joining us so don’t miss out! by @smccrackenphoto #dubbest #ariseroots #reggae #seanmccrackenphoto 
BREAKING: Trump paid Stormy...oh wait...we already heard this Trump something Russia something Trump Tower...oh wait... we already heard that too Adam Schiff met with Cohen prior to his testimony today to discuss what he would be asked... oh wait... that's new... 
Reminder: I will NOT post Pokemon spoilers! I promise! I will, however, sometimes fave tweets with spoilers in them, so please be aware
I love me a lil goofy ass nigga
| @IndyStar picked up an @APSE triple crown for the third consecutive year, only other papers to do that in the two largest divisions are the L.A. Times, Boston Globe, Washington Post, Seattle, Oklahoma City and N.Y. Times. Please 
About to join @msnbc @hardball to talk #CohenCongressionalTestimony clad in my firefighters’ jacket. No matter the subject of the day, our fight to #Renew911VCF never stops. Learn more:  
Hi y’all! I’m really excited to share this week’s #FindThatLizard challenge with you Rules are as follows: you will have until 9pm MT to make your guess. Feel free to post them in  with #FoundThatLizard. Good luck! Photocred: 
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia and forget about the stupid little things
People who bought in LIC in the last 6 months got  …
Antivaxers  …
“When the world is silent, even one voice  powerful” Malala Yousafzai 
Niggas be knowing football players’ stats, weight and height but the minute  up and we like her picture y’all start crabbing bout “she don’t even know you exist”.
People  about crosses that have stood for 100 years annoy me. You're not suddenly "offended", you're just an asshole who loves power.  …
Southern California read this and use it  …
really i'm just bothered by the fact that sobble and grookey have like almost identical proportions and the same hunched over posture. they look way too similar. scorbunny at least has the long legs and ears, big rabbit feet, and smaller eyes
On this month’s podcast we DID NOT make fun of  Guardian writers, and we DID interview a switched-on person with expertise on a particular issue! Give it a listen, I’m very happy w how it turned  …
If that's not racist, I don't know what is!!
Alex Jones is the Sam Kinison of George Orwells
Here's who's taking the field tonight for the Coogs! #hoUSton 
This post from NBA Reddit is pretty crazy. ESPN Top 25 under 25 from December 2013, MCW one spot behind Kawhi, a few ahead of Giannis and 
We are excited to  Dorah Fine, former AFO staffer and current voice acting superstar, back for #AFO20 Her roles include Toko Aoi in Beyblade Burst Turbo, Sakura’s Mother in I Want to Eat Your Pancreas, and many more! Learn more here:  
FFXIV art trade with @Sicaeth 
Here are my babies :( koya Lucas and Zaulo 
I think I can leave social media forever 
Captain spotlight this week falls on Tytiana Johnson. Tytiana is our anchor leg for the 4x100 and 4x200 as well as running the open 200. She is also a member of our volleyball program where she was named as blocker of the year and a member of the All-Area VB team! 
He doesn’t much look like a clump of cells to me. Looks like a beautiful and invaluable human  …
You've been following her, every day, for 3 years. There's no spring in her steps. No sparkle in her eyes. No smile on her face. She just goes with the flow, like a dead fish riding the current. She lost her soul. You wonder if you have to return now. #ManilaEncounters
Y’ALL BETTER BUY THIS DAMN THING  …
Health care is a human right.  …
A bunch of highly-paid people sat around a conference table and they all said, Hell yes! This is great  …
Explore the debate over who decides where people with severe mental illnesses live. Watch Right to Fail from @frontlinepbs now on the PBS Video 
We ask our students to be Involved in School activities & Have School Pride. Our Science Department is AWESOME. We Lead by Example. #ScienceRocks #Twin•CartoonCharacterDay. #MIB @ParklandMS @catherinedoc12 @YsletaISD @ybarkley 
I still hav this big smile on my face from the transformation of a section of my office into a purposeful education space. We dont just talk education, we live education everyday. Again, a big thank u to my @ECCJA family! Revolutionailsing early childhood education 
Is the Chainlink MAINNET imminent? What do you think? #chainlink  …
Im live playing Apex! Come join in on the Fun!  #apexlegends #ApexLegendsBattleRoyale #apexlegendsbr
Trump’s escaping to North  …
I can’t get past following a self appointed leader. It’s not about what’s in the platform but again how the membership didn’t get to debate or vote on any of it. I didn’t spend 20 years in the #CAF defending democracy abroad to join an undemocratic party at  …
The @GOP via the Republican National Committe employed Michel Cohen (and Steve Wynne).
johnny: hey ten ten: yeah? johnny: close your eyes bruh ten: okay bruh johnny: what are seeing bruh? ten: n–nothing bruh? johnny whispering: that's the world without you ten: omf johnny ily! mark sitting between them: urm—.. can u just leave me alone?
GOP pseudonym doesn’t understand   …
We should just get drunk & fuck.
If it wasn’t for the PSG game I think I would’ve wanted Ole permanent for sure. Still have a little bit of doubt, mostly because of that game.
VICTORY, KENTUCKY!!!!!!!! @daltonreed15 smokes a single up the middle and  all the way back with a four-run ninth to win!!! FINAL: UK 5, NKU 
#userprivacy #dataprivacy VIA @FTC National Consumer Protection Week, March - More  @ChuckDBrooks @cybersecboardrm @avrohomg @TmanSpeaks @JolaBurnett @digitalcloudgal @Paula_Piccard @fogle_shane @AlaricAloor @edingle @MiaD @barbarannott @gvalan
Had to do it 
Really sad to report that Austin Cox passed away last night. Never met him but he sounded like a great kid. Austin’s funeral has been set for 3 pm Friday at the Bowie High School  …
me: an lgbt is my favorite type of sandwich mikey: you got the lettuce, and then u got the glock, and the bacon and tomato!
JUST IN: @MacayosMex sold to Valley-based restaurant group this afternoon. It's the end of an era for one of the state's longest-running family-owned restaurant  …
Northern lights in 
Done
Stop promoting these Remain lunatics. They have lost the plot. It’s not news.
So you not gone let me give you my insurance information ?
g’s high note in when the party’s over made me fucking cry 
RESIST .... Yes I know Michael Cohen is going to jail for lying to Congress & Robert Mueller, BUT TODAY HE WAS TELLING THE TRUTH GOT IT #CohenTestimoney
My infinite gratitude to this harem of hot babes and our guests for being a part of creating so many unforgettable moments at this inaugural event Perhaps the first of its kind, but definitely not the last! #MenageANoire #BHM #TorontoCompanion 
Celebrating #PinkShirtDay across our branches. Kindness conquers. 
According to PSNI 208 SFIRA Terrorists in receipt of OTR letters are believed to  over 300 murders, most unsolved. Would he agree to a public inquiry to establish why these SFIRA Death Squad members were never investigated thoroughly enough ??  …
China is  covered now with purple #ASF dots. And this is only what is officially reported... The latest is from Shaanxi province, farm with 11,300 #pigs. Count in Vietnam now at 11 village outbreaks, with 2,038 #swine involved  
FLAME ON: @TSNJFranklin on how #Flames F Mikael Backlund is starting to put the #NHL on notice  
 to Moomin 
Coming for it all...
It seems that putting the US Congress and Admin. in charge of policing itself opens the door for party-political whimsy rather than a  to our democratic form of government. The same problem prompts the Gerrymandering that steals elections for the powerful.
Guyssss check out this cute ass collab I am in love with everything Peyton makes she is truly magical  …
Speaking on behalf of 
"tReVoR lAwReNcE iSn'T tHe sTaRtEr uNtIl hE eArNs tHe 

The weeb life cannot be stopped  
Save the dates as we have a few busy months. Don't miss any of it as you can head to  for all ticket information. March 9th: Whoomp! There It Is with @PrichardShow April 5th: Adventures in Wrestling April 20th: Player's Brawl June 1st: Wrestling 
This is Australia. I’ll show gratitude by saying “Thanks!” safe in the knowledge that the person who has been providing me with service is being  by his or her 
New merch alert! If you've got bottles and vinyl stacked to the ceiling, you're going to love this brand new "Weed, Whiskey and Willie" lyric tee. - Team BrOs Get yours today:  
I really dgaf about what random people on Twitter have to say. If you’re dumb or spiteful enough to believe baseless accusations and spread it as if they are facts, it shows what kind of person you are and that’s on you. Not everything is about some dumb fan war.
Context is so weird: at the time of their records Galaxie 500 sounded radically, life-changingly slow to me, and now pretty much none of their songs besides “Blue Thunder” sound slow to me. Still life-changing tho.
I don’t have one  …
 ISO’s are great inseason - max effort work without much load on the system and zero residual soreness. General Guidelines 2-3 sets of 5-10 seconds Maximal Intent Use joint angles similar to what is seen in sport Full recovery between 
Tomorrow’s theme for is EXTREME purple and gold!! It’s substate!!! Come and support at home!! Lets make sure to go crazy with our school colors!
I've been writing sports for a long time. This is an athlete, and a story, unlike any other:  … @HeraldSports @LeBatardShow
Weed is mentally addictive. If you have to “smoke to go to sleep” or “can’t eat without smoking,” you need to stop smoking it  …
Nobel Piece Of Shit Prize #2019TrumpAwards
Vandal Family. This week we race for more than ourselves. Rest in peace, 
Lol her pen game is real. Like people want her to be something she never said she wasn’t and that’s the problem with society.
House Democrats Pass Gun Control Bill Expanding Background Checks This is the next step in a Federal Registry of Gun owners. After that? They know who has’em when they start confiscation! WAKE UP #WeAreTheNewsNow #2A #GunRights  …
NoBall Prize 
Liberals on  are embarrassing the government, stop the amateur hour, you’re up against integrity. You won’t win.
The 
I was a lifelong Labour supporter. But the Labour Party is now controlled by a toxic far left clique. It's time to look elsewhere for progressive and kinder answers to the problems in our society. Oppose anti-Semitism & #Brexit Support the @LibDems & @TheIndGroup
Warning: This will make you hungry Check out our @ESPNLosAngeles Instagram Story from @LAFC Culinary Media Day   – at Banc Of California Stadium
mood... i can barely get past my doormat before im in  …
You  me
I am amazed at the jealousy & ignorance being spewed out by mindless liberals & the #MSM at @IvankaTrump as she truthfully states that most people want to work for a living rather than being dependent on govt programs...The only thing “green” about the haters is their envy... 
Best hair transplant 
Travis Lakins threw 2 scoreless innings today vs Tampa Bay! 2 inn, 1 hit, no runs, 1 walk and 1 K #OnceAWildcatAlwaysAWildcat @RedSox 2 outings/4 innings pitched, 4-hits, 0-runs, 1-BB and 
Love running into @Chiney321 — a badass athlete entrepreneur. @WNBA baller and @ESPN host. She also helps my drip [via @GSBSportsConf 
Food labels Keep you safe Keep you healthy Stop you from buying counterfeit products Help detect ingredients that could cause you harmful reactions More on how they help us fill the gap:  #ZeroHunger #Foodsafety
This is amazing, I'm so thrilled! #WynonnaEarp  …
"At USC, you know you’re at a very prestigious program ... It really prepared me for what to expect in the NFL.” -  …
Thank you to everyone who came out to volunteer with us 
This is my favorite tweet
TARP PULL NOW  …
This is legit. Promise. #AMillionLittleThings tomorrow night at 9/8c on @ABCNetwork right after  …
I'm starting to understand how Donald Trump managed to bankrupt four casinos.
when yoongi finds out we call him lil meow meow  …
Goodnite friends. Sweet dreams,Until 
Yes, yes we  …
im so sleepy
Happy Dominican Independence Day. So many of my closest friends and co creators are from DR and the world is more lit bc they’re here. Feels like a second culture to me. That’s all
so i guess the hearing skipped the part about girlfriends
you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts you will see bts rt for good luck @BTS_twt
Do you  back to -that character- and realize how much you missed them? Had to do something to test the new tablet, pretty happy, except it's SUPER  to my monitor, lol (Re-posted because I spotted something I REALLY wanted to 
Whoever is reading this I hope God heals whatever is hurting you.
As Félix battles to a 5-2 lead in the second set over Cuevas after dropping the first set in Sao Paolo, Bianca Andreescu takes to the court against Mihaela Buzarnescu in Acapulco. Follow Félix on @TennisTV and Bianca on @WTA TV. #FélixRising #BiancaRising (: 
Most Black people align with conservative views but the racism  from conservatives prevents them from saying they’re proud conservatives with their chest...
Realest thing I’ve read in 
Tonight is a first for me: I am prepping art to bring to synagogue. In honor of this week's parashah (lection), which includes the building of the Tabernacle, the coordinator decided to honor the artists of  by inviting them to display their work.
FIGHTING BLINKS! 
Regardless of what he says they will still kill him off.... can’t take the chance of him recanting ever
nicki minaj snapped on this verse  …
hey guys my uncle has a party rental business (search them up on google - king of jumpers) and here’s a new unit he got! go check them out please i’d really appreciate 
The most beautiful good girl in the world. Princess Diana. #RottieHottie #twinning #PD #ThePeoplesPuppy  …
World domination. Let’s go!! #BLACKPINKxBILLBOARD  …
I absolutely love this poem. “I should have read to you. I should have clutched your hands & told you & told you & told you. There was a better son in me & you never got to meet  …
No one told me i would be crying watching @OneDayAtATime
truth or dare -truth +qysh e ki pasin e 
This is hilarious- and also 100% true!  …
Baby girl Hyatt is about to be born and @MeyersLeonard11 sends his congrats to @JustinHyatt7 and 
its a great day to be a nasa whore
It's almost as if what we reported Saturday was accurate. It's almost as if the Ole Miss players knelt Saturday as a statement regarding a Neo-Confederate rally going on outside and not as some overarching societal statement. That went against at least one agenda.
Because Yours Truly has SLAMMED TYRANNICAL #DHS today, you better believe he's going to be caught up in @jack's #Twitter's "ALGORITHMS". #SAD #TheResistance #Shadowban #CNN #MSNBC #Yahoo #WednesdayThoughts  …
For the love of god. STOP painting your pristine antique fuckin furniture. Nothing makes me want to murder somebody more.
The worst kind of pain is getting hurt by the person you explained your pain to.
#Backstage at #DriesVanNoten’s #FW19 #PFW show w/ Alina, Hyunji + Noah Carlos. 
Ok, consider me a follower @DrDenaGrayson! I wish I had been sitting next to you and trade notes, funny looks and make this hearing even more interesting!
LF3 w/ @HypnoJG 5.2k points together Needing a couple saugs and a Maddox Wanting to attend every event DM's are open:) RT's appreciated.
Sometimes you just gotta suck on your own fingers~ 
National Anthem. Ole Miss vs. Tennessee. 
And capping it off with a 
Since we're getting Musical Actor Dokyeom, all I can think of is REEEBBBBEEECCCCCAAAAAAA~~~~ @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN 

The best thing  from the bottom is, it ain't no where to go but Up
Florida Bar Will Investigate Matt Gaetz’s Threat Against Cohen  
Congratulations James and well done!
As an Ohioan I want to know what is going on with the investigation into Jim Jordan and his time at Ohio State and why there still has not been a house Ethics Committee investigation. We know Paul Ryan stopped 1 last year but why has a new one not been done #Cohen #CohenHearing
Proud to announce I’m officially a Timberwolf! Thanks to my family, friends and coaches that helped me get to where I’m at. Thanks to @CoachHueter for this opportunity, it’s time to go M.A.D!! 
Them: “And the....OMG ARE YOU EVEN PAYING ATTENTION !?” Me:  …
I granted a press conference on 27th February 
Kentwood (WA) DB #11 Alphonse Oywak ( @OywakAlphonse) was impressive from start to finish last weekend for @gofordsports at the #Pylon7on7 in Mesquite @USCScoop 
Read the letter Michael Cohen sent Fordham threatening legal action if it revealed Trump’s 
Wahi: "Surbhi's a good actor" Reporter: "Which one?" Wahi: "Jyoti" Love hearing her fellow industry  her! #SurbhiJyoti #KaranWahi @SurbhiJtweets 
just spent 25 mins shopping and trying on clothes just to be told their card reader isn’t working....bitch it’s 2019 who carries around cash???? like oh my goddddddddd
A #StarWars Republic Commando poster I thought I put togther after hearing the news that it'll be part of March's #GamesWithGold program on Xbox Live. Can't wait to see the reactions of the folks who will be experiencing this forgotten gem for the first time! 
Tell your friends you love them everytime you part ways please
RT @elanaleoni: this oldie but goodie via @AlexSVenet + @MindShiftKQED "kids do well if they can," and if they aren’t doing well, it’s because there’s something getting in the  #edchat #caedchat #ntchat
#IG | Doh Lee posted this picture of Louis on their ig. Go leave it a like and a   
In the sunset of his career, Joe Thornton is still 'enjoying the ride' — and it  …
Stay strong Scotland. It’s always darkest before the dawn.
Cute illustration of how what some people go along with is a bunch of poppycock. Never bow to what you don’t believe in. 
I loved this response because honestly I NEVER hear it. People who take care of their own dead repeatedly report that it's life changing. It is necessary to find the exceptions that prove the 
This was my favorite moment from the entire hearing. This is by far the best timeline when a Congressional hearing features the words: "...hashtag t-g-i-f hashtag handsome hashtag sexy. Was that done to protect the  …
Drug dealers drive grams to church and sell grams of deadly herion to  he stay in. Literally killing people with drugs, but he a good dude tho.
Big week for us Excited to announce that @spatialxr will  to a @magicleap near you very soon! Shout out to cross-platform  …
2-0 series lead now for @100Thieves, they win the S&D 6-4 over @TeamHeretics!  
What you been sniffing brother?
I MURDERED THAT GUY BUT FEEL SORRY FOR ME BECAUSE I HAVE READ HARRY POTTER LOADS OF TIMES!!!
I luv rodeo season 
Those snowflakes will try to make it through the dry air but a lot of them sacrifice themselves along the way. But those snowflakes that do get “eaten up” by dry air actually help to moisten the lower levels, making it easier for the other snowflakes to make it! #wawx 
Wow it's almost  …
I like money more than pussy
I know y’all don’t give af about y’all selves cuz y’all get tatted at inkaholics but idk tho
You know because his girlfriend turned into the 
Do dia 23/02 
reminder to all artists that you are not obligated to teach others your process or how to make things similar to yours :)
Ever went to a fast food spot and look at the employees and suddenly don’t even want the food no more ?
This is picking up heat and I don’t have any to promote but just remember to take care of the environment and help others out.
talkin' draft strategy with @nfldraftscout 
You gotta start beating up your  …
^^^ It's my opinion that by definition there can be nothing more detrimental to the USA or it's allies than a president who never wanted the job, still doesn't want the job, and has no clue what he's doing even if he did.
literally so fuckin done w everything and everyone rn i just wanna : scream get drunk cry watch barbie pegasus
I just couldn't... This pic is great on so many 
lol good maybe it’ll convert a few Daily Caller types before they realize what’s  …
If u think drake did not deliver on the “Girls Need Love Remix” you just dont know music he didnt have to do much if u hear what the song is implying. Once again Drake Delivered per usual @Drake
Florida babies be playing with broken glass and gasoline
Yeah sex is cool but have you ever finished you French fries and got sad and looked in the bag and found more French fries?
200k people are tuned into @joerogan's podcast with Alex Jones, and he's trending at number 1 on Twitter! By banning him from social media, Alex Jones has only been made more popular across the country since people are interested in hearing what he has to say. #FreeAlexJones
can you guys just not  if you already have the opportunity to meet sabrina... it’s unfair to everyone else
Challenge 
We're ending #BlackHistoryMonth w/ guest @kwanzer who joined guest co-host @definitelyvita & @theblerdgurl to talk about how street teams & social media made @BLKSPRPWR a success & why you can't trust #Wikipedia or the color pink.  …
MY MUSIC VIDEO DROPS TOMORROW ON MY CHANNEL Make sure you are following, NOT the vid to miss this year.... 
I love how Cohen pointed out that they're doing the same job he'd basically done for Trump. Truth to Power! It hurt them.
That's a very good  …
the face that he drew HDJSB 
At least the IDPs are accounting for theirs
i said tell me how good it feels to be 
NINE 
You mean  …
I told y’all white ppl are not the best judges of what is and is not  …
This 27th day of #BlackHistoryMonth, we remember Fannie Lou Hamer. She organized Mississippi's Freedom Summer with the Student Nonviolent Coordinated Campaign. She also co-founded the National Women's Political Caucus. She showed us what passion and determination can really 
Mood 
me suffering through the luther scenes in umbrella 
Michael Cohen seemed credible and believable. The last time I saw someone who seemed credible and believable testify, she was disrespected and ignored. As a result a beer loving sexually abusive bastard was made Supreme Court Justice.
Plus she finished in less than her allotted time, which impresses me for a reason I can’t quite articulate
LET'S GET THE #SleepMusicVideo TO 1,000,000 VIEWS!!!!!!!!!!!  
my biochem prof brought this giant sloth to our test and sat him in the front of the class for emotional 
I make the pussy wet she need a mopiana
Dumb & Dumber 
Her collab with Shawn was snubbed from this  …
Blessed to receive an offer from The University of Toledo #LiftOff 
Good applause for Zack MacEwen, who is playing Wednesday for the first time since NHL debut
At @bamboohr you always get your birthday off of work... I guess the only downside to that benefit is that you don't know what surprises you'll  back to work! Happy Birthday, @conwayjamesd! #employeebenefits 
Instead of congratulating my wife right now I’d like to say congrats to the “Adam and Eve” team and FOX for hiring an impeccable actress, human, wife, mother and friend. You will always be…  …
#Terps getting blown out. Myles Dread making it personal...MD didn't offer him. He's got 15 already. @TerrapinHoops
On My  …
It was an honor to attend Michael Cohen’s historic testimony before the House Oversight Committee. I was there to represent ALL of us. #CohenHearing @HeavySan  …
i miss my little sister
This is the man who brought a black employee of Trump’s to the hearing today to prove Trump isn’t racist. Mark Meadows is a fucking  …
pls dont kill me for drawing scorbun as a boxer/fighting type it just looks that way to me cuz of the bandaids ok . when it's revealed it's not fire fighting yall can rightfully spit on me and fuck my wife
Don't lose 
Never 
What Drama... COHEN ACCUSED TRUMP OF BEING RACIST Meadows introduced Lynne Paton who would testify that Donald Trump is NOT racist. Tlaid attacked Meadows for bringing Lynne Patton into the room as a racist “prop.” AND... Cohen was taking down as many people as  …
I HATE how pissy with me ppl get over my phone being on dnd. It’s called SELF CARE try it sometime #SorryNotSorry
HE’S THERE IN EXCALIBUR MUSICAL LINE UP. IM SO PROUD. WE’RE SO PROUD OF YOU SEOKMIN 
Kim Jong-un praises Trump or his “courageous decision” to negotiate with him personally. Said there have been “some misunderstandings”  
Hey #writers & #WritingCommunity, I got my 2nd agent rejection tonight. It stings nearly as much as the 1st. It’s crazy how much a rejection letter can begin to sow the seeds of doubt in your mind! Is my query letter junk? Are my first 10 pages garbage? Am I done as a writer?
AOC was so on point that the right wing twitter shills have nothing better than "Obviously she's reading lines someone else prepared for  …
Beaton being honest for once 
Australia’s NSW to host the 2021 IAAF World Cross Country Championships:  
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self - Henri Frederic Amiel c yeilyurt9 
10 million 
Seems like you have to do a lot of lying if you are in 45's inner circle. Cohen's journey should be a warning to all of you continuing his work now.
In the new Pokémon trailer there's this, which seems based on the Cerne Abbas Giant... The Cerne Abbas Giant isn't ancient. it's a 17th century political satire of Cromwell. this is deeply unsettling, because it implies that Oliver Cromwell exists in the Pokémon 
I myself am sometimes confused with the terminology of the left. We should be simultaneously trying to understand the issues deeply and being able to translate it into everyday language. Because using terminology can also cause confusion even between leftists.
Thank you so much!!!  …
This difference is standard is the exact reason we will win the league if not this season then 
We've got FOUR posters for January/February to make up for the delay on the January Poster. These bad boys are made by the wonderful @FSnowzombie and depict @RandomTuesday @GamingFTL @BenthamPlays and @TwitchFuzzy 's characters from #StarGames! Enjoy!  
Finally caught our smart girl on camera! @mr_forrest_pump Don’t mind the terrible angle. She won’t do it if she knows I’m 
One thing I found out from working on #OldLadyHarley is how much I enjoy drawing the Joker.. every version of him. OLD LADY HARLEY #5 is out today, if you blink you'll miss the ending! Here's page 2 process--colors by the wonderful Eva de la 
I JUST 
It is disgusting I have to live in an age that obsesses about ethnic tribes.
Cate Blanchett as Susan Macarthy photographed by @JasinBoland in Bruce Beresford’s ‘Paradise Road’ (1997) From ‘Starstruck: Australian Movie Portraits’ to Celebrate 100 Years of Australian Film:  #ParadiseRoad #CateBlanchett #BruceBeresford 
I'm the best Negan. Come see.  
Hey it’s a look 
Even on the road, baseball buddies know it’s all about the 
Today, I announced more than $3 million in funding through @FLDEO for infrastructure and workforce training in Florida  including several affected by Hurricane Michael. More info here - 
Because it’s supposed to be freezing and snowing Sunday, the first #TulsaFB spring practice has been moved up to Friday. I’m OK with this development.
Roger Stone loses in court again as judge rebukes his CNN  …
not only do i gotta go through the pain of not seeing ateez but nct and stray kids 
If there’s only neck and up pictures, run
The blonde paused, obviously thinking over what he wanted to do next. It seemed the decision would be made for him though, with Taehyung reaching out to Jimin with a huff. “Appa, can I please show uh—“ “Jimin,” he supplied to the child. “— Jiminie my drawings! /Please/.”
Ladies start your engines! Thank you ⁦ @TannazE2012⁩ and ⁦ @RiesBrooks⁩ for the opportunity to work with this team again ⁦  …
It’s safe to say I get my weirdness from my mom 
Cohen was a liar. Is a liar. Will always be a liar. Period.
25+ twitter remember a time when the Apricot Scrub was the epitome of skincare  …
every song lil baby is in, or featured in is automatically gonna be good , don’t care what anybody has to say either
#fww #sheith "idle hands are the devil's playthings" by @spooky_foot w Keith suffering from both pining & lust, which is my favorite thing, this poor child. Shiro needs help adjusting to his sensitive, touch-starved new body, AKA my OTHER favorite thing  …
Hey @ArizonaSoftball letterwinners 24. More. Hours. That’s how long you have till the RSVP deadline for the alumni weekend We will he honoring all letterwinners in attendance on Saturday and highlighting teams from 1979, 1989, 1999 and 2009  …
Source: “There is no point wasting a huge set like that if modifications can be done. #MulshiPattern’s team cannot use the set as it is as it'll give away #Bharat look or rather look repetitive b/c the Hindi version of ‘Mulshi Pattern’  in much later.” #SalmanKhan
“In order to stay relevant in a maturing league with improving on-field talent, MLS teams must place an ever-increasing emphasis on tactical instruction.” My latest for  …
The world hates us because we have something they do not; we have a love that passes all understanding that can only be found through Jesus Christ. Proclaim His name to all that will hear, many lost souls searching for genuine love and happiness.
The Jimi Hendrix Experience performs "The Wind Cries Mary" in a Swedish television appearance in 1967. From debut album Are You Experienced?  …
Gaon Chart — Love Yourself 2.5 million downloads 100 million 
Once again President Stupid chokes. Like a dog. @realDonaldTrump  …
“Let’s be real all you bitches wanna be  …
haha  …
That's exactly what it  …
everyones favorite clump of 
If the golden rule isn't enough to justify you before God, how will Karma or your charitable giving help? John 14:6 Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No  to the Father except through me." #OnlyJesusForgivesSin
Mr. Cummings is a remarkable man and patriot. We should all be thankful for his service to our country. I know I  …
Witnessing the dizzying logic of the Liberals who appear to be trying to impose on @Puglaas a fabricated obligation to resign/cave/fold in the face of "sustained" disrespect, bullying and typical male-agro obliviousness to the importance of a woman's decision. #JodyWilsonRaybould
HAPPY HUMP DAY (I’m toning it down this time but scroll to the third pic ) Currently taking orders for UWI Ringroad, Bacchanal Road etc. 25 bra shapes available up to a cup F. Follow my IG page @gladstonextashan : @nia_tris : 
Completed underwear pin-up YCH for @KorsKei !! [Bonus NSFW version can be viewed over on @TigerInSpace18A 
they be asking why Seungri was mad...dude, let's try hitting you with a camera in the face and see if you can say thank you or sorry to that  …
Bar-hop along the subway line with @blogto’s guide to 10 bars close to subway stops:  
You forgot Jim Jordan was or is part of a sex scandal at Ohio State that somehow has been swept under the rug.
Ready for a new hair style already
Girls Need Love didn't need Drake tbh
i feel so left out bye
Who@can at least wash his own dishes and help with his son
Gradients 
@dakotaz So I want to the store to buy a gift card for my brother for he could buy something in the item shop using code Dakotaz and I found the best sniper in 
Coming all the way from the City of Miami We are proud to announce our South location iKrave Express. We are grateful for each and everyone of our #iKravers and future #iKravers. @iKraveexpress on IG for all updates and Grand Opening 
Great news friends. We have an official channel on YouTube. Subscribe so you never miss an episode of WPUG Radio.  … #pugchat #puglife #wpugradio
. Khalid has no idea how out of her element she looks. like a sinking stone.
A great visit with the PISD School Board as we kick off “Plano Lege Days.” Whether it’s our work on school finance reform, high-stakes testing, school safety or mental health, it is truly an honor to advocate with them and for them on behalf of our students and educators. 
Street Tacos for us at The Spurs Game. 
After 9 years as a Metropolitan Grand Principal, I have now carried out my final official visit - many thanks to all at RYC of Perseverance No 7, for making it memorable. Thanks to all who have supported or escorted me over the years. It has been a wonderful and happy 9 years.
Mariah Carey- Always be my baby
Say what you like about new ABC chair, Ita Buttrose Ongoing issue Morrison's bypassing the ABC selection panel. Are they  Is he  ? This is just another mess to clean up.  …
"Mass incarceration is such a normative experience in this country. Changing the way we view it overall has to be what happens if we want to return to a point where incarceration isn't an expectation for some neighborhoods around the nation."— @nicoleporter  
showing this doc to my students next week & this is just to say: that “of Micronesia” should always be attached to his name & anyone who tries to invoke Piailug’s legacy without thanking Micronesians is suspect af thank you,  …
The employees you’re friends with might be less responsive to your 
Taking a mental health night. So I found this doc #Hellier folks have been talking about.... I am officially intrigued.
[ #IG| 27/02/18] Ahhhhhh muito story Mr. 
i  forgotten about this 
Possibly the greatest thread I have ever  …
Former #UFC heavyweight champion @stipemiocic is meeting with and signing autographs for fans at @CleAutoShow at the @ixcentercle 
so happy too see me n my friends pull up in the 
Somebody has excess cash laying around ... they built a whole indoor slide, rather than pay the players ...  …
 back @FlareChi! I missed you so much! I hope you like this drawing I made! Retweets are appreciated! 
 out and support The Inspirational Praisers tomorrow at the Black History Program, at Central State University! 7:00pm in Robeson! 
This pic makes me so damn 
free idea: a Crass Utterance Scoring System (CUSS) where instead of Critical/High/Medium/Low you rank vulns using swear words to indicate how... um... screwed you are
Trump’s so desperate to win the Nobel he asked Japan to nominate him. Sad. Surely, we can think of some more worthy awards. Let’s play... #2019TrumpAwards w/ @charley_ck14 A part of 
I ain’t got shit to promote y’all but hit that follow button I sometimes tweet funny shit
FOLLOW LIST @Aasia_pti @amirkhurshidg @SindhiSikandari @WaleedMalikPTI @Chshafiq86 @zarlish_786 @MiaNaMateenPti @Imrankhan423 @Saqi_ISF @ImeeJaan3 @PTI_Gladiator @Arslan__isi @Zebi_Afridi @chanak_na @Moona__61 @AnwaarShafaq @AakaashNoor @Saad_pak1 @hafi_786 @DrSana__ @RQ_2R
Squeezing away with a tight Map Two win, @100thieves are now one map away from handing @TeamHeretics their first loss! #CWLPS4 #100T :  
Daily 
We aged Piper Down in charred American oak High West rye whiskey barrels to blend soft vanilla and wood tannins into the deep caramel and roasted barley notes of our Scottish Ale. Available for purchase in select tasting rooms, or order online! -shipping to CA 
Congrats, Sully H.W. Bush! Earlier today, Sully joined the ranks of @WRBethesda’s facility dogs at the USO Bethesda Ceremony. Sully will be tasked with reducing stress and improving the well-being of patients and staff at the hospital:  
EXTREMES for 27/02/19 Highest Day Max : Heathrow (Greater London) 19C (66F): ACTUAL: 19.2C Lowest Day Min : Thomastown (Co. Fermanagh) 7C (45F) Lowest Night Min : Aboyne (Aberdeenshire) -4C (25F) Wettest: Lerwick (Shetland) 0.6 mm Sunniest: East Malling (Kent) 10.6 hrs Stav D
Look at @Jhoulys45 using that beautiful bottle right before going out and dominating today #strikeoutwaste #BrewCrew  …
Saw this earlier, been feeling it a lot lately hoping I can make some big changes this year. Wish me 
: A full recap, including notes, quotes and stats, from the 5-0 win over VMI. The win streak is now at 4 for ODU. #Monarchs | #ODUSports 
There may 'never be a peaceful transition of power' if #Trump loses in 2020, says Michael #Cohen as he repents his time as Trump's lawyer before 
Remember the 2018 post-election narrative that Hispanic turnout in Texas was low? As it turns out, Hispanic voters accounted for a larger share of the electorate in '18 than they did in the '16 presidential, and a 5.7 pt improvement over '14!
this day is too good to be true. @nbcbrooklyn99 is renewed for another season that will make us cry from laughter or cry from the love we know as peraltiago! NINE-NINE! season 7 is a go. I REPEAT. SEASON 7 IS A 
This uni ting is an L nobody can tell me otherwise
YOUR INABILITY TO HAVE YOUR TEAM PREPARED TO PLAY ON THE ROAD IS UNPARALLELED YOU ARE A TERRIFIC HEADCOACH @CoachTurgeon
Kristie Ahn has got it going AHN A marathon match eclipsing 3 hrs and 30 minutes sees Ahn save 19/24 break points en route to a 7-6(4), 3-6, 6-3 win. She gets Kristyna Pliskova tomorrow. 
The Best Large Workplace in Ireland 2019 is... Workday! ( @workday) 
now that @QanonAnonymous has been redpilled, poor @travis_view will be left to pick up the pieces of our shattered 
I am happy to announce that I am now able to offer my book "Build An Empire - How to Have It All" for free. You only pay for shipping. Go to  to get your free copy. #elenacardone #buildanempire #empirebuilder 
Transparency is important to us. That's why we prove every #charitywater project with photos and GPS coordinates on our website. 35,281 and counting:  
RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars winer @trixiemattel on love, lies and the one thing she NEEDS to know before she dies  #rupaulsdragrace 
hk whispering hannah montana will ALWAYS SEND ME 
there is no way youre using that phone like 
THIS IMAGE EXISTS AND YALL NEVER SAID SHIT??? 
NEW Attorney General of DC serves Trump Inaugural Committee with subpoena for document production.  …
18p > 2160P Change my mind 
Good to see @MarisePayne making a strong, principled statement at the  …
There are plenty of ways for authors to cross promote—for instance, by starting a genre group/mailing list, advertising it as such so readers can decide if they want to join. This is different than handing someone a CSV file of email addresses.
A Decade of Loyalty, 2008-2018. From the bottom of my heart, Thank You 
Smugglers were arrested in Malaysia with more than 3,300 endangered turtles aboard their boat, as the country battles to clamp down on the burgeoning illicit wildlife trade 
10 of the best metal bands from Canada  … @dvntownsend @voivoddotnet 
ICYMI: Watch a Norwegian lunatic break the sound barrier with 320bpm riffing  
MBB | @SAUCougarsMBB earns a No. 2-seed in the #NAIADIIMBB national tournament and will take on No. 7-seed Indiana Tech in the first round! More info to follow at  #GoCougars 
Tevin Campbell - "Can We Talk"
we took some loses, spent some money but we still ballin' 
'The Time for Medicare for All Has Come': Jayapal Unveils Visionary Bill to Remake US Healthcare System -  Thanks @commondreams for capturing the moment! #MedicareForAll
Tonight's #Oilers starting lineup presented by @BostonPizza has Koskinen between the pipes, Nurse-Russell on D & Rieder-Draisaitl-Chiasson up front. 
just to do it all behind closed doors for some findings that  out 2-3 years after the 2016 election and country so divided, fail
Let’s see how many followers I lose defending Jackie this week, girls?! #RHONJ 
Well done, my good and faithful 
If he was ginger.... hmmm 
i know i always said that i could never hurt u
Thank you to ⁦ @RepDebDingell⁩ and staffers from ⁦ @RashidaTlaib⁩ ⁦ @RepLawrence⁩ ⁦ @SenGaryPeters⁩ offices for your time talking w/ ⁦ @MichBroadcaster⁩ members today. 
Just rode the escalator at MSG with fans who were all together in Rangers jerseys. One had a Ryan McDonagh jersey. One had a Kevin Hayes jersey. One had a Mats Zuccarello jersey.
one directions best songs to date (no order) fireproof cmon cmon love you goodbye diana what a feeling stockholm syndrome
Unusual Gathering | XXII With: @sean_martin | @MarcoCiappelli What Could Ever Go Wrong With An Industrial Control System? Guests: @Edna_Conway, @Cisco | @FelksJ, @DHSgov Sponsor: @STEALTHbits Listen. Think. Share. Think Again.  … #cybersecurity 
steve took 
anyways i finally bought a hydroflask,, saving the planet one step at a time
-25 pounds and counting. shout out to change and consistency. & keto 
Cool story. How about he donates zero and just pays the taxes he  …
Tonight's starting at Ball State #FireUpChips 
Hermione Granger takes over as Minister of Magic this year. Yasss 
If you’re alive you shouldn’t be able to vote for abortion
imagine having a healthy relationship with your parents i definitely can’t relate
acting in the interest of Panjab and the  We MUST de escalate. God forbid a military attack leaves the birthplace of our religion in shambles. Will we celebrate the Sikh regiment or the Khalsa- they are not the same (2/2).
you don’t need to explain yourself cause I’m not finna explain myself, save yourself some time sweetie
Patiently waiting for @TheBandsVisit on this cold NYC 
I can’t stress it enough. God is always on time. I promise
Excited to have our first Soccer Syndicate scarves on the way to HQ, what do you guys think 
ITS JUST MY CONCEPT
y’all know there’s a difference between having style and following trends right
Uh the M16 isn’t or never has been available to citizens. Moreover, the M4 in my bio photo is being shot by our granddaughter with no issues and it shoots the 5.56. Your entire thread is a lie to push anti-gun propaganda. Delete your account you just destroyed your  …
That was one of those takes that’s lightning in a bottle But also , who could help smiling with @KatyEMixon  …
Thank you grade 2/3s for showing your support for #PinkShirtDay. Remember #KindnessMatters each and every day. #wordshurt 
*quits drinking drinks with  …
Proud to spend the afternoon with these Port Talbot pioneers! Training to  #MoneyMentors for @TaiTarian and taking first steps in changing lives across the whole country. @EHCCAlliance  …
Las Vegas, What island is it?  …
Thanks for having me #bbcdn! Enjoyed the debate, great audience, very much enjoyed the lack of adversarial panto antics that usually have me throwing things at my telly when I'm on the ither side of these things. Best of luck wi the programme moving forwards. @bbcdebatenight
i love how every time tiffany talks about her work it's to say she wants to create positivity from the negative in her life by writing songs that draw from her pain in a way that might help other people feel better. an icon of personal strength and optimism
The Santa Anita racing office just sent out this alert to horsemen. Working to get an answer on what it means for tomorrow's training and racing. "Beginning ... March 1, during morning workouts, the first 10 minutes after the 1st & 2nd breaks will be reserved for workers only"
I need someone who loves me  over to my house and do a cable news intervention. I’m nearing rock bottom.
Wakim and Mitch now on Magandang Buhay!  …
And if they incline to peace, do so and put your trust in God. Even if they intend to deceive you, remember that God is sufficient for you. Quran 8:61-2
I work from home. Been trying to say this for years. I’m so glad to have you supporting the cause 
sun blinded me 
@PoPville @unsuckdcmetro long shot but found a men’s wedding band on the king street platform. The station manager wouldn’t let me turn it in, would love to reunite it with its owner.
"Amy and I have made a decision about how we can best serve our country. We are excited to share it with everyone soon.” We can’t wait! #DraftBeto  …
Important poll
00100 translated from binary to decimal is 4, which is the number of games the Blazers are gonna win on the remainder of this road trip (aka all of  …
For those that are interested in the 2019 NZ Derby, here's a 90 minute in-depth preview of the 3YO classic which aired on @TAB_Racing Trackside this morning. Super work from all involved @JSLTan @GuerinSports @matthewcross01 @Agent200 @Em_April  …
Talib is a liar!!!!! She was not a resident of the district she was elected in before and during the election! Throw her out!
Pleasure listening while driving to work 
95,715 amazing applicants. 150 visionary Coca-Cola Scholars.  to our @CocaCola family, 2019 @cokescholars! We can’t wait to meet you. Cheers to April  …
We got to play bridesmaids for a styled wedding shoot with a bunch of talented people 2day. 
Check out @SEPTAPHILLY's new frequency transit map! It includes bus routes that offer frequent weekday service to help people get around quickly and easily. Have feedback? Submit it right on the page  
Time for my first match of the Kusogrande Invitational. Can't reveal what game I'm playing yet, but it's going to be a "treat". It's live now over at 
Who's up for a 
I feel almost cute, so here's a 
Was his quote in context of the case?
Mo’ne Davis chose Hampton for college to celebrate her heritage and because it feels like 
this is eleven of the best born a new tracks ever written. so please pick up a pre-order if you feelin inclined to do so, it goes a long way. i promise this shit will smack you in the mouth. eternal isolation bitch. physicals / bundles :  
i used army terms because if i had used navy ones literally no one would have understood me
y’all think sasori had a sound system & like cupholders n shit inside hiruko ????? 
Are you referring to  …
 … India lacks a cohesive Kashmir policy. Every party ignores the fact that it has now taken a religious line. If soft policies and subsidizing has not worked we need to change tack to hard power.
When was the last time a movie called itself 'The Motion Picture'? Star Trek? More motion pictures should loudly and proclaim their motion pictureness.
If you are a @uwparkside student, you're going to want to read this.... FREE ADMISSION and FREE T-SHIRT for Parkside Students for the @UWPMBB game next Tuesday  …
Report: after he watched Cohen's testimony in his Hanoi hotel room, Trump asked staffer to research how to apply for asylum in North Korea.
Thank you for the  Cincinnati! The @USBankArena is ready and waiting for the #EltonFarewellTour tonight : Ben 
THESE PICS THIS BITCH 
tweetin live from the tub :P 
Celebrate your birthday with your Mom it’s her day too she gave birth to you. Love you Mom thanks for giving me life 
The Turnbull/Abbott destruction of the NBN has cost taxpayers tens of billions of dollars, delayed implementation and resulted in an inadequate optic fibre network. As Quigley notes a deep fibre network, not fibre to the node, is needed to deliver the technology potential of 5G.
Captured by Saracen pirates, Concordia awaits rescue #bibliophile #greatreads #bookshelves 
The Fifth Column in Labour still very active.
the fact that today felt like a friday is just disrespectful
all I see is chunti girls asking where the hot cheeto asteroids are
Ok #rstats folks, what are your favorite funny, silly, lighthearted R projects?
That’s sent a shiver down my  …
Rep. Dan Crenshaw breaks down what universal background checks really mean without missing a beat  … via @twitchyteam
Just finished watching #killerbody @lifetimetv outstanding job from @LindsayMaxwell_ @SunnyMabrey @P_JBenson @thedanielbacon @acemckenzie @HannahLevien @_matt_hammer definitely worth watching for an intriguing little drama/thriller
OMG! My niece and her dance crew, Get Down  on NBC’s World of Dance last night and they made it to the next round!! #blackgirlmagic  …
The majority of Pakistan is Panjab. When India attacks Pakistan, it attacks Panjab. If we don’t lead  then East Panjab  a battleground- one that Pakistan will have no remorse in attacking if the  doesn’t act as an independent nation .. (1/2)
WAZZAAPPPPP
You can meet @MustafaAliWWE from the @WWE w/ us in the KRZ studio! Details tomorrow morning at 8a!!! -Rock #wwe 
whatever it is put me on the guestlist
this y’alls 
TOUCH 'EM ALL 
Stack-of-pancakes! Lenticular clouds in the wake of Mt. Sopris from @skisunlight. One of the best ski resort vistas in @Colorado 
Loving the raw beauty of Electrocardiographs by @ceschi  Visuals by @AnnaKohlweis! - Everything is a test, everything falls in line!
Honestly still hurt that Lil Dicky said no to performing a concert at Northwest
ITS HERE!!!! Our official music video for “Limitless” is out now on our YouTube channel! We want to give a HUGE shoutout to Snoitcudorp for filming this amazing video for 
I am wary of the efforts to identify a group of undesirables who are too dangerous to own guns. I think that implicitly just ends up coding poor people, disabled people, and people of color as dangerous and privileged people as safe.
I’m sorry I can’t see Chenle as a dom I just can’t he’s too....Chenle
That's a QS for @moeid12 tonight, collecting a strikeout and a couple of impressive defensive plays to end the 6th 8 
a gentle reminder to be thankful and grateful for your tiny victories. sometimes goodness  all at once, but in small steps.
For likely the first time in history, what with the Trump administration and #lavscam here, the least corrupt government in North America is in Mexico.
sprite is the superior soda!
Get the fuck outta here! #LiveLongAndProsper  …
Tlaib is not bright. Omar is not bright. AOC is not bright. All together that makes an axis of  …
Had a garbage day. Tried smiling more and praying but that didn’t seem to work so now I’m drinking a beer.
@a team you would like to see me in
#OtherUsesForMaps to see the world upside 
A tweet for every  …
my favourite thing is @madi_marotta’s liked tweets because they give me a glimpse into american sorority life e.g this is the least relatable meme for me + most British people, but I know for a fact this has happened to 
i’m gonna drop & go 
Two words...EQUAL RIGHTS Equal rights belong to all humans Regardless of race, color dependancy, AND STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT. Do NOT preach to me about equal rights if you do not support equal rights. Equal rights means unlimited and unhindered. LIFE IS A RIGHT OF EQUALITY
LOOK AT MY SON PRIDE IS NOT THE WORD IM LOOKING FOR THERE IS SO MUCH MORE INSIDE ME 
Replies to viral tweets now: "Lol!" *receives 4 likes* "Wow, this blew up! Follow me on here and IG!"
Ferndale side of Fernbridge. Hwy 211 is somewhere under that water. @CaltransDist1 #ferndaleflood 
Blows my mind that I thought I wasn’t gay for this guy but he told me he didn’t want to be with anybody and wanted to be  to find out he’s in a whole ass relationship basically all I’m saying is I need a girlfriend so I don’t have to second guess over stupid boys
I hope men have to answer “have you ever raped anybody” as much as women have to answer “have you ever been raped” at doctors offices
Give me the ghost pepper. My ass could use a beating.
i'm at the airport!!!! flying to nyc!!!!! this cute lil baby is going 
HELP THIS SPEAROW IS HAVING A STROKE 
chronic 
@AdamSchiff "we the people" Demand all records of congressional hush fund NDA payments of and for politicians indiscretions!
Update: I did not die.  …
Tonight I got time for u, tonight I got plans on my mind for u
canada is having a deep-state moment
I actually genuinely like cardi b. like all music aside sis is DOING the damn thing
My dad is just not feeling good at all tonight he's feeling absolutely horrible so I'm going to put him to bed so good night everybody we wish you sweet dreams I will talk to you 
Being a professional means work doesn’t end on the dot when the workplace closes. @cppeengland #EHC #Services #CPD 
| BTS Of the 
appreciation tweet to the man who squeezed his time before heading to the trip just to buy me flowers didn’t expect to still receive one kay busy lage kay magpaMalungon and solved na kaayo sa laag. But you always go extra just to make me happy!! My love tank is so full 
I knew I was in too deep when I actually started to enjoy that annoying ass intro  …
Rollins and Kofi both getting the text from Vince about them going over at Mania: 
What the fuck is it so cold for
Lanny Davis has been orchestrating this hit job on @realDonaldTrump from day 1 Claims to be working for free? Lanny Davis would overcharge his momma, somebody is paying him. But this is going  back to haunt him, this Sater thing isn't over. They opened up Pandora's Box
Scuf sticks might be the hardest thing to break in

Is iPhone harder than iPad? #FortniteMobile
Protesters blocking Kingshighway/Lindell calling to recall  …
strawberry cheesecake stuffed 
big tally 
When the shit hit the twitter fan, three minutes later he tried to clean it up saying that his tweet was “sent” through Cohen’s account by accident? Accident? Really? 
#Brooklyn99 fans after finding out we got renewed for a seventh 
Finally a thread for me 
iKON:  to Neverland, I'll be your Peter Pan." Bobby: "It's like I'm Captain Hook & you're Wendy, staying next to Peter Pan." iKON & Bobby lyrics ft. Peter Pan.(I can't sleep last night so I edited 
Best depression meals •a piece of candy •half a glass of water •nothing •the entire content of your pantry
Summarises my thoughts on why I withdrew perfectly. Haven't said much because honestly, some of the people involved have /so/ much social capital in the industry, I was scared of rocking the boat and getting  …
I JUST MET JOHNNY WITH A RUEL SONG PLAYING IN THE FUCKING BACKGROUND I AM GLITCHING SO HARDHSJJSF
Shallow gained another 1.3M streams on US Spotify today
This is me. 
I do genuinely find this exhortation  on ‘common ground’ quite puzzling. While I acknowledge there are bad & worse forms of Brexit, there is only a binary choice between Remain and Leave. And the reason Remainers believe in #Remain is because it is better than  …
Libs leadership team All married to first wives, a Christian a Jew and two Catholics. The ALP team has two fornicators a bi sexual and a heroin traffickers wife! Stark contrast?
My favourite thing about today's Pokemon news is seeing how you lot think British slang 
I agree! That is why MN should not be the ONLY STATE that has not authorized $6.6m federal funding from Help America Vote Act putting our election system integrity at risk. We must urge Senate Majority Leader @paulgazelka to pass full funding now! Why the delay?  …
100 new #wallpaper added to my collection Please check them out & RT's are also awesome  …
Any college student can relate to this right now 
Apparently I'm 6 away from 850 followers
Thanos is fucked 
This is why I have trust issues w/ Grimmmz now. I blame  …
well jughead is betty’s vanity project so what’s tea?  …
horrible tweet: geroge harrison was the maknae of the beatles
Niggas Cheat In Public Then Wanna Cry To You In Private , Nah Nigga GO LIVE.
I don’t wish bad upon nobody but you will reap what you sow in life... You don’t treat people like shit and then live a happy life.
One by one svt achieving their dreams TT @pledis_17 its just the 2nd month of 2019
A stirring rendition of the National Anthem at The Pavilion at Ole Miss tonight preceding Tennessee game. Everybody stood and remained standing. As everyone else, Ole Miss players clapped afterward...
Nicaragua Orchids, food, people and 
#aurora visible right now on the Tromsø National Institurte of Polar Research all sky 
My 5th grade teacher was right. Always. Jot. Down. Notes. Mental note is a scam.
Tamaraws! Take note of the Activity Period at 1:30 to 4:30PM(February 28, 2019). Activity periods are temporary class suspensions so students can attend co-curricular 
i feel like i have no friends on here rn hello applications open
Mardi Gras is the one time of year where you can say "hey do you want to go to a party, we're gonna stand outside in the freezing rain for six hours and if you're really lucky somebody will throw a shoe at your head" and everybody thinks that's a great idea for some reason
Shadows are inevitable on the path of spiritual illumination.
It's clearly intended to be sent from another account and was deleted in less than 60 seconds. Three minutes later it showed up again, on Davis' twitter 
So....Michael Cohen lying during the #CohenHearing. Not surprising as he is a disbarred felon going to prison for lying. Mueller, can he have more time added to his sentence please? @TheJusticeDept  …
Looks what’s back in the news on a day when the fixer revealed just how corrupt Donald is. The Inaugural Committee, ta  …
y'all talk abt depression like u know how it feels like yea sure okay
The duality of a 
Similar to the line “why didn’t you say anything” after you’re  …
Wait pls drop pictures of your pets I’m
Didn't get a change to take a picture of our 7 way measurement rotations today but did get to snap a few of buddy reading with first graders and creating a flipgrid video together! 
Michael Cohen: "What struck me as I looked back and thought about that exchange between Don Jr. and his father was, first, that Mr. Trump had frequently told me and others that his son Don Jr. had the worst judgment of anyone in the world." Oh, good heavens: Don Jr. is 
loona as fake 
In the News: "You need to listen to Rep. Cummings' closing remarks"  …
West Ham are very likely to trigger Manuel Lanzini’s 2 year contract extension in his current contract, that would keep him at the club till 2022. [ @ExWHUemployee] #WHUFC 
2019 we have to stop have the same repetitive conversation... Every conversation is buy vs rent.... fuck that stupid ass conversation Some people get rich with stocks Some people get rich with real estate Some people get rich creating the stupid shit like Snuggie DO YOU!
You see bitch they told you it would fit. You were born to serve & no one cares if it hurts,all that matters is their satisfaction. Now you’ve tasted & felt their loads deep inside your chute you’ll be begging for more,embrace your life bitch obey & submit  …
Humongous win. Yoshi immense solidifying the back 3 who were different class. PEH dominant, covering every blade  as Captain whilst JWP is a player reborn under Hasenhüttl. Austin put in a shift too. We go to United in high spirits. Up the effing Saints! 
Congratulations to the new SUSG President-elect Aprille Juanillo and SUSG Vice President-elect Rhyn Esolana. May God bless you both in your critical and essential roles as the voice of the Silliman student body for the 2019-2020 school year.
Believing Iowa City audiences would "pull the best out of  Dante Powell has decided to record his latest live album at @TheMilliowacity to kick off  …
Ariana Grande Via Instagram 
So much 
ima tell EVERYBODY IM BROKE from here on out
The House doesn’t work on Trump’s schedule. And it certainly doesn’t cater to his meetings with dictators.
Compare and contrast: crowds for Benedict vs. Francis (this was this yesterday's pitiful Wednesday general audience). I mean, this MUST be noted as a concern by someone, somewhere, in the Vatican, who isn't a member of the gay posse? Why the silence - "nothing to see 
What would you have today if you invested $100k into S&P500 index vs. investing same into Bitcoin after 4 years & 9 years? This includes 85% decline from ATH. It’s foolish not to own BTC & the general consensus that BTC is a risky investment is just false based on reliable 
Bitter Ex-Clinton Staffers STILL Taking Shots at Bernie Sanders... in 2019  via @YouTube
Unfortunately, I’m in this targeted group...,
you can’t change the Bible to fit society.
Drained 
The queen  tomorrow and we’re all ready for this new hit #ICantGetEnoughxSelfies @SelenaFanClub @selenagomez 
People still inquiring about how much could Lanny Davis be orchestrating this, pay attention. How many remember this FUBAR from Davis? Cohen's twitter account posts this tweet using a third party twitter app called 
If drinking water is harmless,  every person who is a serial killer has drank water?
Watching #JodyWilsonRaybould makes me think I was righter than I knew when I suggested she take over the PM's position:  …. And dear God, let me never be prosecuted by her.
If you don’t have critics, you must not be doing anything. Don’t be concerned with critics, doubters, and detractors...be concerned when they are not there. The more there is scrutiny, the…  …
This monster has to be 
Another fine family event brought to you by #TeamAntwine! #CougarCommunityRocks 
PSA: Take Notice!!!  …
Michael Cohen Destroyed Not Just Trump but Also His House GOP 
As of 7pm, Pawtucket is the only district to have cancelled school for Thursday, 2/28. Why? Because of the city’s crazy parking ban rule. Residents are allowed to use school lots until 2 hours after the ban is lifted. Time to change that policy.
Hahaha So did you but even your father didn't want you and everybody knows it.
John was Dog piled. Nasty show you have #Peston
sooo robert please tell us.. did you do this when why don’t we dropped? 
I only joke about being an asshole because people who don’t like hearing the truth label me as one. I’m actually pretty nice; I just don’t tolerate stupidity.
Chains of dominance YCH: OPEN/ A shared piece with the colest dinosaur out there @Xerhom Go check it and bid here:  #YCH #scalie #furry #furryart #auction #furryartist #commission 
"There's something about Steph on February 27th... he loves this date." 2013- 54 in MSG 2016- Dagger in OKC @BontaHill and @WSandretto agree: if history repeats itself, Steph will have a big game 
If I do a task in 30 minutes it’s because I spent 10 years crafting it. You owe me the years not the minutes... #Yoda
I forgot to post the first pic and I like it so I decided to repost with both lmao sorry
During his testimony today, Michael Cohen described hush money payments he says President Trump directed him to make to women who have been alleged to have had extramarital affairs with Trump. Cohen also accused the president of inflating his own financial 
Not all seasons end the way you would like but they all have to end and what a great season it was! Check out all of the  and milestones we reached this season! 
Thank you lovely! So great to see you again  …
#Connecticut congresswoman @JahanaHayesCT is on the cover of @RollingStone 
Nothing like a post-practice shakeout and luau courtesy of the Pacific Islander Club. Thank you to club President and Track and field captain, Corey Hernandez and all of those that helped to prepare the food. Mahalo. @smchs_bwp @SMCHS_Football @SMEagleSoccer 
Aaron Donald and Avonte Maddox sitting courtside at the Pitt game tonight. Cool for basketball, cool for the football recruits in attendance too.
February's doodles. If you're like "Hey, these are pretty good. I'd buy that for a dollar.", then  a patron of mine for a dollar.  
Let’s be clear. If a random white man was paraded out at the #CohenHearing saying “look this white dude doesn’t think Trump is a criminal therefore, he validates ALL white mens beliefs”- everyone would say that’s insane. Welp. It’s just as insane & offensive when done to POC.
“Could you give us some of your political beliefs?” “Kill everyone 
I just finished @ErinLBartels first book last night and folks, and I can tell you it’s frikin’ awesome ! Now in only September I get to read book 2 #amreading  …
When dictators have limits....  …
This is absolutely correct, unless California is able to handle raising taxes to cover 100% of all their healthcare costs AS WELL AS still paying the federal government what they currently are for Medicare, Medicaid, Tricare, the VA, the IHS and the ACA. Which...I  …
I feel ok today so here ya 
When I grow up...I want to be WRC Candess, I want to be a star, I want to be at Pro Bowl  …
bro i regret making half of my discography cause i was  about girls lmfao im really embarrassed
Did you head out to your card shop today to get 2019 Topps  …
The most surprising news is that Rolling Stone is still published
I’ve tried to stop drunk tweeting, now I just do drunk lives  …
SEOKMIN!!!! IS!!!!!! GOING!!!!!!!! TO!!!!!!!!!! BE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You Can Forgive Yourself Now. Do you have that one thing you can’t forgive yourself for? Is there something you wish you could take back with every fiber of your being? Do you think your friends and family would never forgive you if they knew only half  
Living in a snow globe. 
If you're a @Braves fan this is a must follow  …
If that’s really yo shorty, this ain’t a  …
Agreed. @RepCummings is a role model of public  …
Facebook reminded me of this painting of my dog I did back in 2014! Gosh I love her so much I don't really feel like I know what I'm doing with painting like I do with 3D but this was fun to do 
what if superstore doesn’t get renewed what if I never get to see domestic, married amy and jonah what if I never get anymore mateo and cheyenne storylines what if I never get dina and garrett 
mint! chocolate! is the best! everyone else is wrong! everyone else is cancelled! everyone else is problematic! everyone else doesn’t deserve rights! i will block everyone who doesn’t like mint  …
Russia, if you're listening, I hope you’re able to find Donald Trump's SAT scores that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.
do I really need this degree if the earth is dying in 12 
I’m a veteran for peace Why can we afford perpetual for-profit war but policies that help everyday Americans, no way? Because you’re all puppets of the oligarchy, that’s why. We’re getting #MedicareForAll so damned right #YouKnowImARadical  …
Waking up early and dokyeom musical and possibly vernxtobi song I 
GG @Epsilon_eSports , was a fun ranked game :) getting close to claiming our spot for prem 
| Klopp: “Our core values remain – which is that we are a team built on positivity and attacking intent. It flows through our veins. We approach games also with the view of ‘what can WE do today’ – never ‘what can we do to stop our opponent’.” 
I still can’t stop watching 
how you dominican and cant speak spanish ?
let's make out but as friends
 … My second piece today. If we need to impact the Pak public we need to do more. Unless we employ all avenues, Pak will remain as it is at present.
“hAvE yOu hEaRd iT?” asks when he literally leaked his own song in an instagram live 
Making Massachusetts proud @AyannaPressley !
Alex Jones on 
a woman’s body is so fucking beautiful k bye
God bless Keep up the GREAT work you are doing... I thank God for you, Q and MOSTLY @realDonaldTrump
We just got the embarrassed by the biggest pop star on the planet and somehow that was everything
I like a woman with a future and a past.
Like I wanna travel and do dope shit with someone I love .
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity." DEBAUCHERY  is the 3rd book to a sensually captivating & enlightening memoir about a young  of age in a secret society & a male harem. #RRBC 
I miss Whitney Houston so much man.
 …
Exterior attack can be a bad 
Congrats young fella! Keep up the good  …
If ya missed it... 7 inches of hair gone! & I love it! I feel more confident in myself now than I have in the past year. Let’s 
Not only do I miss Houston, I miss how cute Sugar Land is.
Fans should never be told on how to act towards anyone as long as they follow the rules of the venue. PERIOD. Make your passion known. Prevailing opinions of nanny-state & overbearing powers that be can kiss my fat ass #isles
rt if you really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really want people to stop doing this shit on your timeline
U.S. Rep.  #Azerbaijan's February 1988 anti- #Armenian massacre in the city of Sumgait. He explained that, even worse than the Azerbaijani government's ongoing cover up, has been its praise of perpetrators as national 
Remember when I thought I was pregnant with Sinead O’Connors grandson
So, the same movie
“I plan on dropping a promo image for the date announcement and the cover art the day before.” — Iggy Azalea via Twitter about “Sally 
We're excited to announce our fourth team for the $1000 invitational, @NobleGG! @mikeysnipey_tv @xDzurv and @blitziin will definitely be one of the teams to look out for in this tournament! We have less than 24 hours until the open qualifiers start! @strongesportorg 
Obfuscating the truth means people will challenge you. Because obfuscation is not “gun trivia” or “semantics”. It’s LYING.  …
Enjoying an underwater ride on a penny farthing at Silver Springs, Florida, 1967. More photos here:  
I stained my favorite Indiana Jones hoodie while painting this still life...so pls appreciate it 
Your friend is a racist piece of shit. Just like  …
I promise you baby, no one is nearly as happy as they seem on the internet
I have such a  and goes”/“spend a stack make it back” mindsetidk if that’s good or bad
Oprah may be popular in US but #MichaelJackson has global appeal - Not just for his musical acumen but for his HEART  and good works he  all over the world. -- He was and always will be the greatest Children's Advocate in the World -  …
I got no time for people who don’t inspire me. And I hope people treat me the same.
I am so happy and honoured to have been able to hold our flag at tonight’s game. Oh and what a game it was @mcveigh_owen @LFC 
A GRAND SLAM FOR @the_fosc @bartgregory with the call and the correct prediction 
Know what you want... and go for it
Copy of threatening letter 45 directed Cohen to send Fordham U threatening them not to release his records to the media. Note that the addressee, the person whom Cohen is threatening to send to jail. Is addressed “Reverend McShane.” #CohenHearing 
And on the same day wantonly destroy over 70 mature trees. Hypocrisy of a staggering magnitude and one that many in Deptford will not  …
When you love what you have, you have everything you need
Good morning! It's raining today. Please don't forget your umbrellas! Have you had your cup of coffee yet? Today, sensei says if you need to take a step back for a while, do it. Don't let other people pressure you into something. It's your life after all! Take care 
Nice moment for her. Happy for all the Brazilian tennis fans. 
Vote for Senorita in Genie for Show Champion 
95% of 
HEY GANG! Wanna hear me rip into some writing? Supports that SUCK!  … Sharing with your friends and retweeting this would be greatly appreciated! Thanks! 
I F'ing hate pit bulls, and all you Pit Bulls are misunderstood people can save it! My neighbors PB that "Is such a loving, would never hurt a thing" dog mauled my cousin for doing nothing more than stepping out of a vehicle. Missed his jugular by a cm. Far too many instances.
The forehead 
Colleagues/Friends when calling 999 tonight for urgent back up police operator told me due to lack of resources you may not get immediate back up I recall same conversation 3 months ago when I also requested immediate back up! As far as law & order is concerned Britain is Broken!
anniversary 
WHY CANT I 
Revenge is bad. If you do, just be the best version of you. Not all heartache deserves a pause in your life.
I go straight to the source! POTUS!
Whether she meant it or not (yes she did!) that is some finish from @bmeado9 #SheBelieves  …
Army doctors applaud his effort to create the cure-all. Have the flu? 800mgs. Got shot in the forehead? 800mgs. Bone jutting out of your leg?  …
tobi vernon collab........ musical actor seokmin........... god said gays deserve rights
Let’s gooooooo 
West Coast drivers spend 20 mins more on  to 5 years ago, AAA study finds  
Now up at #2019CIMM Hannah Carey on "Host-Microbe Interactions in a Natural Model of Extreme Dietary Change: Insights from Bacterial Metabolite Tracking"
Congrats to Chap DECA. 71 traveled to the Broadmoor, 33 to finals, 19 International quals. So proud that all your hard work this year paid off at State!
The Virginia Governor’s Mansion is no stranger to slavery. Past governors have held slaves in that building. There are portraits of slaveholders hanging on the walls. @FirstLadyVA, @PamNorthamVA, handing a black student cotton is some fucked up shit.
Billionaire Tom Steyer will only support Democrat presidential candidates who want to impeach 
#WeAre Proud of our  …
Galaxy Fold prototype (Via.  
Meadows pushes back against claims he's a racist: My "nieces and nephews are people of color"  
it's almost like @BTS_twt became globally dominant too quickly for certain types to be able to capitalize on their ascent so now corporations & industries who are used to christening the "next big thing" and milking it for profit aren't quite sure what to do with them
alexa play slime 
You've probably way ahead of me, but did you check with all the neighbors to see if they have outdoor cameras? Also make sure to check Craigslist and Facebook for anyone trying to sell bulldogs.
I guess I thought lady Gaga was taller. Not sure why. Anyway here’s a couple pics of baby Anya I stole from @BlairBraverman as a reward for you all reading my random tweets 
I am so excited to be a part of this movement! Thrilled to serve on the board of @ZionessMovement! We are gonna do big things  …
News: Recreational marijuana can ruin Guam’s family friendly image. Mom: Ruin our image?! Everyone’s gonna be laughing having a good time if it’s recreational Preach it mom
The #4 Large #BestWorkplaces19 in Ireland is… Version 1! ( @version1)
2017: I joined @MomsDemand and started advocating for better gun safety laws in AR. 2018: I helped elect a #GunSenseMajority in the House 2019: The Gun Sense Majority passed the first major gun safety bill through the House in 20 years, #HR8. 2020: Just you wait. 
Michael Cohen Discussed 'Topics' with Adam Schiff Before Testimony  via @BreitbartNews VRA
Tonights result means one thing...Sarri has adapted, won the authority and he's not leaving anytime soon! 
That’s like ...soon,  …
"People need to discuss whiteness in Brazil in the last country to abolish slavery. White people need to confront what it means to be white in very racist country...including on the left." - Djamila 
the amount of disrespect you receive from customers while working a retail job is unbelievable
The influence of medical marketing - some frightening new statistics about the increasing billions spent on brainwashing by pharma and device makers just out in  …
The same with those “Yt girls are evolving” tweets .... Like all it takes is a teaspoon of ass to impress y’all niggas ? y’all grew up around asses , RELAX
NEVIES Please please PLEASE help us block and report @gidlejk . Troll or not, these tweets are absolutely disgusting and disrespectful. Topics like this should never be made light 
That moment when you’re checking how you look through the car reflection and didn’t know someone was there 
might  v soooooooooooon
This made me wheeze laugh until I cried holy  …
Trump claims Ivanka has 'created millions of jobs' but people aren't  …
Drop a if your ready for the “Let Them Go” video to be dropped FRIDAY!! Listen NOW. Fucit  @IamRamaDuke @NiikoxSWAE @bigmgmt 
It’s 
Billionaires who gained and lost the most money, in 2018: Jeff Bezos: $24b Lei Jun: $8.6b Colin Huang: $6.9b Georg Schaeffler: -$13.6b Amancio Ortega: -$16.6b Mark Zuckerberg: -$19.6b (Bloomberg Billionaires, 2019)
 …
And this is why dinnertime with my bud is my favorite part of the day...a standing reservation every single night! #gocalgo #chickenlicken #dinnerwithmybud  …
i dont even like myself
Shop in 2 minutes. Please be good to wrap up the season.
You'd think by now Sinn Féin would learn a lesson in how to conduct themselves politically. Editing a video to suit their propaganda machine of lies is a new low even for them. #AnIrelandForAll #FakeNews @fiannafailparty @OgraFiannaFail @SDLPlive @MichealMartinTD  …
I need to do an unfollow spree, I barely see tweets from my faves on the timeline
SHARE! DM for pdf #MJInnocent #LeavingNeverland @TheMJCast @TheMJAP @JuliaBerkowitz1 @andjustice4some @tajjackson3 
9,131 days. 25 years ago today was my last day of using and drinking. When I was a  I thought I never get threw a day let alone a month, 3,6 n 9 months than a year. Now it's 25 years and I guess I'm officially an Old Timer and I'm not even 50 yet lol. One Day At A 
The @worlduniranking are out and we are #3 for #archaeology in the WORLD alongside @school_of_arch & @UCamArchaeology #QSRankings @ucl  …
It’s shocking how Trudeau’s supporters are so Blind to the Outrageous acts of both him, his bureaucrats & MP’s. I  in #Scheer4PM tweets, saying Trudeau could beat him up- - How deliciously Liebrano and sack of hammers like! #SNCLavalinGATE 
iPhone X 
wow! Under certain conditions, like under perhaps certain disease states, microglia may migrate outside of the CNS, be changed by their stroll,  back to the brain! Why? What are they up to?  …
CONGRATS GUYS!!! For gold In Kream @Tyga 
how do you tell someone they have a hot voice without sounding like a creep
notice how efficiently she uses her time...no wonder why ppl are scared of  …
When Trump attacked Michael Cohen as a “rat,” he was using mob lingo. “Rat,” according to slang page on American Mafia website, means: “to provide information to law enforcement about criminal activities of underworld associates.” 
Hi, I'm Chanel and I'm finally in time for the tag I like drawing muscles, girls, and muscle girls 
THE ONLY REASON @AEWrestling will be a success ..... Mr Chris Jericho, The G.O.A.T ..... He is literally carrying it on his shoulders. @IAmJericho 
Dallas and St Louis are officially SOLD OUT!!!
i don’t have time for a surfaced level kind of love
And then they gonna pin the tweet...like is that gonna be in your  …
Piglets before they are old enough to be SATAN INCARNATE (there's a reason I barter for  …
One place where Walker actually got fewer votes in 2018 than 2014 was crucial Waukesha County. Vote fell from 147,075 to 146,699. Dem vote jumped from 54,414 to 72,131.
After this weekend no beers till MMW. No fried foods. Whole grains only! Gonna look SNATCHED
"Thank you for having the courage, at long last, to begin to tell the truth. I hope that someday soon your family and mine can both leave this nightmare behind." Stormy Daniels to Michael  …
Appearances Are NOT Deceiving - Cummings: It Appears Trump Committed A CRIME  via @CNN @VennMultiverse @LiberalVenom @lanebrooks @LandseerNewfie @JasonHalle @jasonbaum @LcCarter1961 @Sky_Lee_1 @PaulLeeTicks @PTcoldfire @tamcdonald @agreatgadsby 
Spring is in full swing! 
So  the spin from Trumplandia that a tremendous deal was made when no one was present and I have their word. Don’t listen to anybody but me.
She is so sure of her accusation against Mark Meadows that she has to read it from her notes. And even then Rashida Tlaib fumbles her words. Congressional circus sideshow. #CohenHearings
Ok America, Shit show is over today. I hope you were entertained. Can we now get back to homeland security @SecNielsen and @HHSGov hiding reports of sexual abuse of thousands of immigrant children in detention? Besides the other thousands that were never documented.
Before people freak out, I interpret this to mean asking non-journalists to write op-eds and submit them to media outlets -- friendly  favourable to a deferred prosecution  …
When the teacher asks what concepts you are having trouble grasping  …
It just seems weird. Who charges two tickets for admission? I question your box office policy, gun show.
catch me anywhere acting up.. hide your girls fr.. 
Some of the most effective questions of the day... bravo @AOC #TheAOC
Syrian authorities find 8 tons of C4 explosives in south #Syria, left behind by NATO, Saudi and Israel backed  …
#ISISbride attorney and apologist @hassanshibly shares stage at Islamist fundraiser for #CAIR (Hamas front) with sitting Member of Congress @IlhanMN 
"No Will Grigg back then,they had Fortune upfront" 
parade 
I can't wait to expose ol'touchy feely with women and kids, creepy uncle Joe. Let him run so that the whole world will know exactly what he is.
I feel like god put me on this earth to top bottoms
Frequent occurrence at maid bars in Tokyo this trip: Us: *Talks about old anime* Hostess 1: “Oh sorry I don’t know that one” Hostess 2: WTF is wrong with you!? I apologize for this young one’s ignorance *explains entire anime to coworker*
Every Ole Miss player stood for the National Anthem prior to tip-off. Breein Tyree said on Saturday it would not be a multi-game 
it’s so WEIRD seeing louis with his hair up again omg it’s been so 
As well they  …
If the @BroncoSportsFB home opener against Marshall is moved to Friday, Sept. 6, as expected ... it would be the Broncos' first non-Saturday home opener since Washington in 2015. Last before that was Oregon in 2009 (Thursday) ... What do fans think about a Friday home 
I urge my sister to listen to Cohen's closing statements carefully. She and her Fox cronies should heed his example  clean about their continued support for their beloved Criminal in Chief. The world is watching which side you choose and why. @IngrahamAngle  …
 now, but Star Wars Celebration is going to hit us like... well, like 
Natsune (Shuka) Fanart I decided to draw her in this outfit from the latest Shadowside episode, I think it's really cute! 
Ariana Grande Via Instagram 
I feel alone even when we’re alone 
My new thing is telling my colleagues, especially women colleagues, my salary, especially because we just had reviews/raise discussions. Two of them have used the info I gave to go back and ask for more
I be forgetting who I am sometimes and I hate opening/trusting people because they never know how to value me Y'all ain't shit
ADS first installment will be shot in Africa. The location will Accra Ghana to be exact.
Five years ago today, @BarackObama announced the My Brother’s Keeper initiative to expand opportunities for boys and young men of color. Read his reflections on the work of @MBK_Alliance and the young leaders he met at #MBKRising last week:  
the MAN....the MYTH....the 
Well I get my personal training cert in a month! Any one on Twitter interested in getting a trainer soon? Please DM if interested and retweets would be gratefully appreciated!
can 8th gen be shortened to SW/SH like pokemon swish it works because swords and shields go swish and it also sounds like switch
Pictures chosen in DID support at Shinchon Station ① #김희철_데뷔_14주년_축하해 #Heechul_14th_Debut_Anniversary #김희철 #ヒチョル #Heechul 
Salted Caramel Porter Day 788 #1KBeerQuest @WaterlooBrewing @ManvsAle @zappafaye @ephoustonbill @RodJBeerVenture @jwags48_jack @CATbrew13 @DRE_Go_Fish @cellmavin @wrayzors @wildjhovall @cedarflats @wolv54b1 @FhzFun @hosch_greg @IanStew55902399 @DaveStarley 
My alarms are just a tad bit later than Karen’s old alarms (love you @KarenMintonWSB! ) — they’re set and ready! See you on @WSBTV tomorrow at 
be good to me and I will be good to you. Simple
a power 
If you missed #bbcdn on the @BBCScotland channel, go watch it on iPlayer. Very civilised and intelligent debate. @bbcquestiontime you could learn a lot from this program.
Traders (not gurus), Capitalists, Digital Entrepreneurs. Visit our sites that receive over 50,000 visitors per  & growing at  
Thanks you for addressing the incivility towards the very civil birther, Mark 
Also this chilling  …
I thought this was bretman  …
Funny how Yamamoto is worried about you k ow where he is but is fine with Facebook tracking and listening to users conversations
Heterosexual Agenda 8 am Farts 9 am Cold Pizza Breakfast 11 am Tweet Conspiracy Theory Noon-11 Misogyny 1 pm Texting at Urinal 2 pm Farts Etc 4 pm Work Phone Call while Pooping 6 pm Accidentally Create Life 7 pm Lite Homophobia 8 pm Farts,  10 pm Skip Workout 11 pm Sleep
hairspray on point 
Ok this @ApexVillage project on APEX! shit came strapped up.
pumpkin colored eyes 
So I actually don’t have a brain
Please stop saying dumb things. There are even dumber people who worship you and pass your stupidity on. How's that baker Mayfield kid doing by the way? 
pt.2 on may 17th :) our last pep rally will b on a whole nother level of  …
'A Star Is Born' returns to 
May his soul Rest In  …
THIS!! This is the AMAZING support we get from our @NISDCNE campus! Our Special Olympics athletes were sent off  in the @NISDSpOlympics with a campus-wide parade today. I was truly brought to tears! @NISD #GoCougarsGoRAWR #ThisIsUs 
For everything Democrats have tried to do to ensnare President Trump, I would suggest Proverbs 26:27. Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.
I wish there was more info about Su Xiyan and Tianlang-Jun bc all my brain can muster up rn is Su Xiyan meeting him and going "oooh i can't /not/ tap that"
NEW POST! Should there be a prohibition on feeding birds in NYC parks? I say no. But proposed rule would make it so. Here's why I disagree with the rule:  … | #AnimalLaw #Wildlife #NewYorkCity
thotimus  …
Album title for my new doom metal record. @TheInspiroBot  … #inspiration #wisdom
'Centrism' is not a good faith doctrine bent on locating the center of popular support—otherwise, @mehdirhasan shows, @aoc, @SenSanders & @SenWarren would fit the bill—it's a term used by those camouflaging efforts to protect their own power & station  …
#Olitz nightly 
the in his eyes 
2021 Metcalfe County G Boston Devore ( @BostonDevore) ends season averaging 15.8 PPG, 4.1 RPG, 1.2 APG, 1.1 SPG. In the 4th Region, he was the 10th leading scorer (1st among underclassmen), made the 6th most foul shots (1st among underclassmen), and shot best FT% (top 30 in KY)
Well if u put it like that.  …
NIKKI SIXX Talks About Having A Baby At 60, Post-Vasectomy  
Why is Alabama trying to execute a 68-year-old stroke survivor? Vernon Madison is blind, can't walk without assistance, and doesn't have any memory of the crime that landed him on death row. Why was this even a question? Our death penalty system is  …
And when someone gets jobs they know they're not qualified, they feel a sense of loyalty to the person who gave them those opportunities. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
monotone code #followme #follow4follow #like4like #likeforlike #ITBOYS #birthday #happybirthday #singer #acappella #gospel #chorus #音楽 #ootd #tbt #関東 #東京 #渋谷 #percut #メンズサロン #サロンモデル #サロモ…  …
Shigaraki smiles like a weird cat I love him so 
i forgot i had this eckhaus 
follow everyone who retweets this
find out pablo’s putrid uber rating. 
First practice of Spring Ball is in the books! ⁦ @javonwilliams08⁩ was in the backfield, but not at 
Good intentions do not negate harm caused. Lack of malice does not negate harm caused. Mental illness does not negate harm caused. Contrary to what our white supremacist culture insists, naming the harm done to you is not harming or demonizing the person who caused it.
I can do zombie.  …
#Samheughan IG story #LoveForSam @JAMMFWarriors #WowzaWednesday 
It's 
tight
This headline sounds bad. It actually under-sells the problem. CIs are just one part of a massive machine the CCP uses to influence ideas, and thereby influence our policy—China Infiltrating U.S. Education System in Propaganda Coup via @freebeacon  …
Hey do you wanna share art your really like? Well here's a neat little trick, instead of saving the image and reposting it, hit that neat little arrow next to the heart it works wonders.
normally i’d agree but in this case they aren’t witch hunting some random person you straight up boiled a cauldron and turned ppl into frogs while cackling then u rode off into the night on your broom LOL witch hunts are dumb but in this case... u were HIGH key the witch.
you will hear from my  …
Promoting again because I'm ready to take on  …
what’s ur favorite quote from LOVELY? tweet me
Lovely night doing a chat @PKN_Coventry on the importantance of being  …
Harden bringing back short shorts @JHarden13 (via 
the one @JorjaSmith  
This crazy lady calling the cops on a DOG for “sexually assaulting her dog” when it humped her dog at the dog park 
Its really unfortunate how Sasquatch is like one of the most ridiculed cryptids, made worse by like squatch hunting culture, when like if you do the research it’s actually one of the least ridiculous cryptids out there and imo highly plausible
Catnip confessions before bedtime #CatsOnCatnip #CatsOfInstagram 
I think you dudes took away the wrong thing from the hearing
The bright spot in an otherwise dark & dismal day for democracy was @AOC who, despite being brand new to hearing shenanigans, managed to be a shining beacon of reason and logic in a sea of partisan pandering bloviating assholes. #CohenHearings 
Friends!! A gentle reminder that the SIDEKICK SQUAD blog tour is still looking for bloggers! We've had an incredible response so far, but don't want any SIDEKICK SQUAD fans to miss out! Apply in the form below.  
This is kinda nit-picky but, as a parent of both an adopted child and a biological child, it's bugging me that so many news outlets are referring to Romell Jordan as Swihart's 'Adopted Brother'... Drop the adopted, it is not needed.
Metalcore band plays a gig inside Knoxville Wendy’s  
 …
Back at it again with some more emote designs  hang out and chill because we'll be learning some video editing after!!!  @Tax_Collecta @JonMcBon @redhawkplays @TayLaMay24 @CCgodo
He seems bigly smart
Teams can win games, but programs endure. Huge S/O to @UDJBasketball for playing big tonight against a top talent Renaissance team. S/O to @CoachParrish313 for manning the ship along w/ the rest of the UDJ coaching staff. 
Cuties 
if you cant show me the same loyalty that i show you then skrrrrrrt later
I was curious if humanity has grown since 2016... But nah. Apparently anything multi-faceted, layered,  is “too confusing.” “Uh yes, one-note villains and hammy takes that embrace the silliness, please.”  Lex was never a real estate 
Fb 
Just a new song idea. Called “Whiskey Business” I got the idea when I saw the song Whisky Glasses and misread it yesterday. So I was like hey. Let me take Risky Business and turn it into Whiskey Business. And mean two things. Not sure that I like this version right now 
And the parents? They’re the responsible ones.
The reactions are so realistic 
Braves back on track! Winstead picks up his 3rd save after a solid effort from a mix of 
This is awful - not funny & needs to be  …
After the whole day of Cohen’s hearing these Republicans showed everyone what is wrong with our country: It is them. Not one of them asked anything about Trump, but rather attacked Cohen to show their loyalty. They are not interested in finding the truth. Disgusting people.
He's so cute 
Speedy recovery, @delpotrojuan and @MariaSharapova 
Dear members of the public: What would you prefer to learn about?
Blinks! Here is the mechanics how to vote on twitter! If you click BLACKPINK in their category, it will lead you to your twitter with the correct format of the tweet (see 2nd pic). Don't forget to tag @/ygofficialblink. Let's do this! #KCA #VoteBLACKPINK 
Yesterday, 14-year-old Mathiaz Rocha became a member of the @TXSTATEFOOTBALL team! Boko & all his friends were on hand to support Mathiaz, who's been diagnosed with elevated spinal pressure in the brain that mimics a brain tumor. #txst Full story:  
Dialogue 
Auba and Laca's goals on the remote camera in the North 
boyfriends and their height 
CAAANNNNTTTTTT  …
can hardly emphasise enough how fucking sick i am of thinking, talking, writing, tweeting and facing antisemitism. and feeling some weird fucked up sense of responsibility to keep having "takes" on it all the time ffs.
I use discord so much that I thought your icon was from a newly created account without a profile picture and I disregarded the tweet as spam
Kind of ended Becky 
So I held this afternoon’s department meeting in my hands & asked myself if it sparked joy & that was probably unwise #konmari
A broken ankle will not stop me from voting YES for @WeMakeWBUR’s union! 
I went to take a nap and it was 75 and sunny. I woke up and it’s 34 
15 @ColoradoPremier girls have moved on to the Elite 8 in the @CHSAA Girls HS Basketball Playoffs! Good luck to all of you Friday! @girlsbballco #elevate #copreps 
Michael Cohen says at the conclusion of his testimony: "There will never be a peaceful transition" if Donald Trump loses the 2020 election. That raises a bunch of alarming possibilities. Does that mean he would try to forceably keep his office of Presidet after 
Feb 19, 2019: Lawmakers warn that “Trump admin’s [potentially illegal] efforts to transfer sensitive US nuclear technology to the Saudis appear to be ongoing...Jared Kushner may try to advance the nuclear plan during his visit to Saudi Arabia.”  …
thanks again @solefed @snkr_twitr for the legit giveaway and super quick shipping 
I'll save you the time to watch it. - She experienced the convo differently than I did. We as Canadians can all learn from this. - We've been working hard for the middle class & those who're working hard to join it. - It's Harper's fault. #cdnpoli #LavScam #SNCLavalin #LPC
I ain’t go tell you I’m different, But I might give you a chance to find out
Last day to get your presales for #DrunkTRIALS GET THEM BEFORE 10 p.m. Hit up @SpokenBank , @Samthadon , @blessedsquire , @chief_ayodele or 
At 28 AOC is the youngest woman ever elected to Congress. There is no requirement that she be married with a baby & a house to be in the House. Doubt this meme would be generated about a young man in Congress. She's got a professional job now and she's doing it well. Sit  …
Why fight a temptation in the future if we have the power to eliminate it today? #lcrelationshipgoals "But among you there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed, because these are improper for God's holy people." - Ephesians 
Congratulations to the SEVEN Albertans honoured with @CanadaWest awards today! #AlbertaBuilt READ:  
Mandem really out ere using snapchat filters like bad bitches? Don’t let me catch you on these streets.
I have been accepted to be a part of the VXGaming team. Thank you so @ReaperVX for giving me this opportunuty. Amazing things are heading this  …
Michael Cohen admitted he met with Democrats and their staffs before his testimony. He even admitted to preparing for the testimony with Adam Schiff. His attorney is Lanny Davis, a longtime Clinton ally. This was a total Democrat charade.
The National Parks have an $11 billion repair backlog and the President you just endorsed proposed CUTTING funding by 13%. You can take that pandering and keep it. #copolitics  …
Christopher 
listen folks, if you want to propose to that special someone, don't just get them a ring (rings are overdone) get them one of 
THE WHOLESOME 3 I HAVE DRAWN!!!!! #PokemonShield #Pokemon #pokemonswordshield #pokemonsword 
You're up @NevadaHoops and @_MussBus! We're hiding to #MWMadness around the arena tonight -- find them and we'll see you in  …
"I'm not transphobic but trans ppl shouldn't force their pronouns on us" "I'm not transphobic but trans ppl should use different bathrooms" "I'm not transphobic but non-binary isn't a real thing" Guess what? You're transphobic.
i will never show more effort than you showing me. i will match tf out of your energy or i will just stop fwy all together.
Some of you girls stay being petty thinking you’re winning when you really look dumb
Rick Carlisle on local product Myles Turner: “He’s one of the great young players in our league. … He’s a high-impact player at both ends.”
Game designers serve an important role in game dev teams. Designing progression, balance, gameplay mechanics, economy, and more - it's a discipline unto itself. If Roblox devs want to level up, learning about game design is essential. (I may be saying more about this  …
Mymelted today when I open the mail! When people do nice things for you it warms your heart. When they do things for your kids, it makes your heart overflow with love and gratitude. @SchwinnTeach took time to write individual notes to each of my kids to answer their 
#Beto was never going to run for Senate again, too soon to regroup, and he knows he would lose. I now have serious doubts about a presidential run too, especially if the field contains Bernie AND  …
W . O . W . . . The Artists on this LIST tho...! Congrats @BTS_twt! Ooof! Our boys made $4,58M for JUST TWO SHOWS & came in 2nd just after touring legends U2...like WOT?!!  …
VISIT your MP on international women's day, or make an appointment to visit them later. Here are some cards to send/ placards/posters to print #IWDQuestions #AskYourMP  
I’ve never related to Alex Jones until this video 
Not just the Fail, It's all over the Huff post, Independent etc. All of them. Concerted attack on the Left, with antisemitism scandal as the tool. It will not stop until Corbyn and the left are gone. Will not stop.
A WORK OF 
This giveaway is not going to last forever chat GET SIGNED UP AND WIM THE  …
don't roast me for saying this but Damon looked cute with a bowlcut 
New video is out on my channel! #TeamSonicRacing Any of you planning on getting this game by the way? I'm leaning more on Crash Team Racing myself but that's cause of childhood bias, I'll own up to that 
lovin this 
So, GOP why did your representative not refute Michael Cohen's claims and defend Trump in the hearing. Narrator: Fear of perjury.
Lloris had no chance, some strike that was
TAP A330neo landing in Brasilia today. First time for the A330 here! @tapairportugal 
We love the number two tonight! @GPTW_Ireland #Bestworkplaces19 what an amazing achievement in three short years. Congrats to every single person who makes #EsriIreland a phenomenal place to 
The new girl SLB is launching is absolutely 
dear twitter, I do not care who followed who, that’s not my concern!
Breaking: Odysseus was  …
Republicans acting outraged over the prospects of Cohen getting future TV or book deals while their representatives used their time to audition for Fox News guest spots.....
golden hour treats luke so 
After the sacrifice of millions of lives to make sure we have an independent Europe free from German rule, did those that gave their lives for our freedom die for nothing. As we have been told it's is gonna be a German Europe, we have to leave now with out a  …
Seems a sound cunt  …
quick question what the heck does bust down thotiana (or however u spell it) mean ???? i’m literally so confused
People hate to see a strong independent black woman breaking records! Keep it up Zuby
why's he wearing clout goggles
NEW @ApexVillage PROJECT BANGS HARD
Coming up! Tune in  …
Trump Team breaks  …
Yo @Wendys how many retweets til my Principles of Public Relations class gets free chicken nuggets? #nugsforprinciplesofpr 
your apology doesn’t count if your actions don’t change
Happy to announce I’m running for Southern SA President next year. here’s things I promise -Sports Teams -Caffeinated beverages on campus -Addies at the VM -Free campus-wide parking -Paul Walker statue -Worship Credit abolishment -Virtual reality sun simulator Derek2020
Finally, a pic from Katsucon! Here is my #projectebonblade Sylvanas, designed by the amazing @ZachFischer 
choked a 30 in unvaulted from falling damage holy shit
there’ll be a vlive later right lets all congratulate him ;;;
I’m not forcing nothing no relationship or friendship.
Say it louder for the folks in the  …
How do people cheat and feel nothing? Y’all are weird I could NEVER.
Warriors' Steve Kerr hosts Douglas students, says, 'Proud of what they're  …
Actually wait if we don’t have prices for tickets,, does that mean they’re free
Donald Trump and the GOP will do everything they can to paint Michael Cohen as nothing more than a liar. But the fact of the matter is this: Cohen came to today's hearing armed with the receipts of the president's laundry list of 
reciprocate my energy or leave me tf alone
Looking for Sponsors to help get #dnd5e materials for our  gatherings this yr. Any #DnD #rpg #ttrpg #dungeonsanddragons folks out there wanna help us out? @dwarvenforge @HammeredTables @EffinCoolMinis @GoblinFoundry @snickelsox @JamesIntrocaso @SlyFlourish @stefandwarven
#100DaysOfCode day#1 I did Google landing page. Doing a website even as simple as Google landing page was not easy for me. Made me realize how tutorial dependant I maybe. That's why I am taking the 100 days challenge seriously this time 
the first time my mama found out i was smokin weed she freaked out so hard you wouldve thought she caught me wit a crack pipe in one hand and a dick in the other
Catch my #interview with @Inkwellmonster? We had the best time talking about themes in her debut book (The Bone Weaver's Orchard), writing, submission tips, pens/pencils, and @WiHmonth! #horror #YA #mystery #gothic #wihm #HookonWiHM  
Why won’t twitter bully me anymore :///
Thanks to @osgeouk and #geoserver PSC for funding, along with @geosolutions_it for the SLD export improvement. @qgis SLD Export also scores a page in the GeoServer User Manual:  
I found out my mom bought juul and I’m not having it so if anybody wants to buy a brand new cancer stick  w 2 pods and a charger
Jennifer Lawrence's breakthrough role in Debra Granik's WINTER'S BONE. 
Shooting with Alpha Force and 
when you’re at a concert and the lights turn 
fellas is this 
Team for Sunday semi v Trinity: @RockyCooley3 Faulkner @tommorris32 (c) @Hmichel24 @jmregan7 (Wk) @S_Garber3 @WillPike10 @angusfanning3 @Nvoyage88 @mwanson3 @trhealey1 @therealwhanlon #gotasemi 12.30 start at Trinity
Alright folks remember the belated Birthday Stream is this Weekend! Tonight we attempt some more speedruns of my favorite games! I have heard I speedrun bad games, but I will let this cat respond for me! Come chill and raise money for an awesome charity!  
You aren’t a true success unless you are helping others be successful. Success is meant to be shared.
They never thought she would lose.......Now they all lose #Q+ @realDonaldTrump 
Me if I ever see that momo creature in real 
My fro just keeps getting bigger. 
There’s a price to pay for all the warm weather we’ve had this February and Mother Nature  to collect the first week of March. Several days next week, highs wont get out of the 40s with a few nights in the 20s. No wintry weather in the forecast for now #scwx 
When I make it through the work week without a single mental 
JWR is going to be a Heritage Minute one day. Trudeau is the new burnt toast.
Run your nails across my back while I go deeper
Our #middleschool #studentleadershipboard just collected enough supplies to create over 100 care packages for the #homeless in #Chicago! Thank you to the @bighollowms #community for your support! #grateful #trendthepositive 
It’s one thing to be critical, another to call a college kid you’ve never met a tool. Just  …
One minute of cycling city Amsterdam, what do you think? @BYCS_org @dirkjanjanssen 
The Paladin scandal is only a drop in the ocean of corruption on Manus and Nauru | Behrouz Boochani #AusVotes2019 #CloseTheCamps #LNPFail #Vote1ODD to put the People in Parliament #DirectDemocracy Vote on issues  …
These movies matter. Brie Larson is beautiful ray of sunshine. 
in virginia for the night!! thankful for @CP_Razgriz offering housing for @Qavee and i :’-) ITS SUSHI TIME WITH THE GIRLS!!!
As those who know my history, have seen me getting beat up by the Bernie People, or actually read this post, may realize, I'm probably the last passenger to climb aboard the @AOC train. But her performance today was impossible not to  …
It took him three seasons, but guess who scored his first goal tonight? And it was no cheapie; he came in hard forechecking, bumped and stole the puck from a bigger kid in the corner, skated behind the net and scored on a wraparound 
Angry YA Twitter is basically just a toxic fandom. A *fascinatingly* toxic  …
I CANT BREATHE SHES 
I appreciate the high art of a traditional Napolitan-style pizza, made from in-season San Marzano tomatoes, cold-proofed dough and authentic mozzarella di bufala Campana, but sometimes I also just want a pizza that is just total trash you know what I mean
Dear public of India: the words of your anchors may  the death and humiliation of your soldiers. Your anchors like Arnab Goswani r pushing u to destruction. They have turned your TV news rooms into war-rooms. Anchors like these are repugnant creatures. Say NO to 
Do you scroll with your middle finger or your index finger?
I can hear this  …
kmt need to take this gym ting seriously
Wouldn't be a Wednesday without spending time with our friends at JVYC! #BuildingTheA | 
I’m 42 and have three kids who are also VIPs.
best hair cut of my 
Sigo pensando en este lindo vestido que @YalitzaAparicio se puso y lo tenía que dibujar (Still thinking about this lovely dress that Yalitza wore & I just had to draw 
Jim Jordan is too emotional for Congress. A national disgrace.
i’m gonna make a couple of headers so drop an anime,a landscape,and a color that you want ITS GONNA BE 5 
We will adjust - no 
Fb 
i just realized he has his hands on a stool??? and there’s nothing he’s sitting on that i can see. he’s just casually 
blackout frat boys mistaking the corner of their room for a  …
“Arizona iced tea has costed 99 cents for 18 Years. The good folks at Arizona iced tea realized if you don’t improve the quality of the T(ea), you don’t raise the price of the T(ea)!” @TommyVitolo #mapoli #noMBTAfarehike
My high ass in the botanical garden the other day being an angel. 
It's Wednesday! Only a few days left before the weekend to stumble out of the rain into a secondhand bookstore where a gruesome murder is waiting to be solved.
This chant will happen for a long, long time from his family, fans and teammates... “Razor Blade, Razor Blade!” What a great 
I don’t know who needs to hear this but: Defensive Backs are ANNOYING!!! They can get beat 15 times & then they break one pass up & they celebrating like they won a championship. The worst is when a DB gets an INT & they are down by 4 TDs but they running around hype. SIT DOWN!!!
B3: BUH BYE!!! @cayladrotarxoxo WITH A DEEEEEEEP shot! Carolina leads Coastal 3-2 as Drotar has now reached base in 25-straight games. #HighHopesSC 
SCORE UPDATE: EU's Finest breeze through @QoS_Gaming with a 2-0 
You already know 
New #BuildingGadgets features - courtesy of @molecularphylo 
“hol up  …
2, my mother at 84 can shoot my ar15 without issues. It is as easy to shoot as a .22. You’re lying and your lies do no good for the country you report to support! Stand up against criminals with weapons! Americans have the 1st Amendment because of the 2nd Amendment! #lyingliar
He's got brown hair, a gloomy feel, slightly bad breath, and looks kind of like a bum?
Commission by @ROBLOXMuff for @MooneShiba am i cool yet? #ROBLOX #ROBLOXDEV 
AOC used her time during today's Cohen hearing to build a possible case for tax  by Trump. And she got Cohen to agree: America should see Trump's tax returns. Text TAXES to 21333 to tell Congress to get  …
Parsnips getting harvested back in early November first 2ha was lifted then. This field was real challenge in early summer with weed 
The way Shownu said "why am I the last one" is so cute. A baby he is 
Triv's Toon Squad double bagging to help 68 hours of hungry. #ChopWoodCarryWater @MHSCoachWilcox 
Here's @MikeArmagost and I recruiting solutions engineers and consultants for @Marklogic. This a young person's game. If you add up the age of every other recruiter in this room you still won't equal the sum Mike and my 
The `esm` loader supports this too. Try it out in latest Node node -r esm --harmony-private-fields  …
what is my white son going  …
Tryna be yo homie and yo lover
If he planned to lose a close election while looking like he was trying to win, that could gain him branding to increase viability of Trump Tower Moscow. Campaign violations could’ve occurred intending to create a defensible close loss as opposed to an embarrassing huge loss.
My Lil Sis is too Cute, I love 
Congratulations @j_t_starwars! 
Liberal-Lefties: "Chris Williamson is so great. Look at all the work he's doing with Venezuela top chap." Owen Jones: "Suspending Chris Williamson is the *right* decision." Liberal-Lefties: "Fuck Chris Williamson. What a fucking racist prick. I always knew he was an arsehole."
At @GOP you have a lot more to worry about than Bernie Sanders. Michael Cohen testified that the Trump’s are like a crime family and he helped them. You have to worry about so much more than little Bernie.  …
This is one of my all-time favorite photos because Pokémon are real and they are our friends. Happy Pokémon 
A little dirt never hurt #CINCHteam #CINCH @ScottGuenthner : 
MISSING: 72-year-old GOAT LAST SEEN: Shortly after 9 p.m. on Feb. 20 REWARD IF FOUND: A national title Burning a redshirt. Playing two centers together. Not trusting Alex enough. Excuses. No emotion. Please return, Zion, so the real Coach K will  …
Watch him defend... and watch him score!  …
Brussels and radish salad 
OH MY GOD THEY MADE HIM SPEAK SPANISH AND IM HISPANIC I LOVE HIM SO MUCH I JUST  …
So you just gonna sit in my unassigned assigned seat at my unassigned assigned table on the 10th week of school... weird flex but ok
“there is nothing in the record to substantiate"  that CNN was tipped off about Stone's arrest. Maybe we should have a special counsel on this with unchecked power to find out and if he the SC will not find anything, the SC can arrest some CNN’ers on other stuff.
When brands violate customer trust, it’s tough to win it 
sketched my 
*my girl gets mad at me* me trying to defend myself:  …
7 months, 700 follows, 700+ average chat messages, 10,000+ views, 268,841 mins watched, 269 hours streamed, 264 clips, 221 subscriptions, 31 average views, Thank you!  @Twitch_ANZ @TwitchSAndN #ContentMonsters #LarryIRL #Twitch #Twitch_ANZ #Streamer 
Would you do stuff with a guy — I would honestly rather rip off every fingernail individually than do anything close to sexual with a male. Does that  …
This is Riley Heath He goes to Princeton He was assaulted by a socialist on campus last month You can see the scar on the face He reported this to police and the university & nothing was done Another crime of violence against conservative Trump supporters RT this 
*Less than 24 hours after games are announced* 
Sounds  …
Enjoy the struggle
Eddie Bravo would put him unconscious in 9 seconds
MOD APPS ARE NOW OPEN! Hello! The Fools In Love Zine is looking for more organizers. If you're interested, just fill the application forms down here! The apps are open from February 27th, until March 13th. Mod Application:  
