TUNE IN NOW to ‘Trish Regan Primetime’ #TrishRegan @seanspicer @deneenborelli Democratic Strategist Kristen Hawn @DavidBahnsen Fmr. Trump Deputy National Security Adviser KT McFarland Fmr. Reagan Economic Adviser Art Laffer @DougWead @madisongesiotto
feeling everything at once so now I’m feeling numb
So I turned on CNN about ten minutes ago and I have rolled my eyes at least half a dozen time. You can yell and scream all you want about Fox News, but this is pure Democrat propaganda.
Today’s 
“So we are trusting  to run an open pit mine in the Ring of Fire when they haven’t yet demonstrated their ability to  …
wtf is a legit xbox gamer? so far all the ones called legit hide gamer score/scared of challenges/dont post gameplay/damage control. hmmmm
Proud To announce That I am Officially apart of the @NAPX2k Family as Social media Coordinator Ready to Help the home Team and the  in any way I can and So The Journey begins Special S/o and Thanks to @BiggWest2k #ITSLIT 
“Couple of Forevers” just came on.. definitely on the wedding playlist lol. Already crying
I need a reliable mixing/mastering engineer.  are 
ODU really ran niggas pockets for 200 dollars then put em on the street hate to see it
VENITA is a whole vibe #BBNaija DIANE is a whole vibe , beauty and intelligent.
Bg stans are a different breed: the saga 
 about having no friends when you treat everyone like shit and then cut them out of your life when they finally stand up to you:)
Good morning mga mahal @thearizaldo @itskimfranco take care 
This decision, reached in a hurry because Dunleavy is ruling via the veto and without any analysis, will have far-reaching consequences for Alaskans. It will probably energize the recall movement. #akleg #akgov
I’m doing great 
DORES WIN! Late game heroics from Coutts and Radcliff secure the 26th win of the season for the Commodores! 
basic math trends on twitter i thought we were all just trolling with 
Finished up our #TechyTribe EdTech Summit 2019! It was great fun sharing techy learning but we are tired Thanks to all our attendees for joining us! & thanks to @OCAwolves for hosting us! @TechECISD @TechyJD @LTavarezECISD @downeyopa @RJTechy @MandyHinojos 
this took like 40 minutes to coordinate thanks  out 
i came back from work and everyone is talking about the nipple video,, what goes on
Now just waiting on my land to get cleaned up 
Alright, Bachelor Nation...let’s do this thing. 
Date night w @Shadow20z ...don’t worry got u tomorrow @Joonya20z  – at La Scarola
Suggest me some good new music, none of that rap business though.  from a very religious family and it simply isn’t tolerated
A pretty cool story from Nationals that would have flown under the radar. In taking bronze in the women’s 400m hurdles, Karen Dunne dropped a 2.5 second PB, improving on a 4 year old PB. Talk about championship 
We. Are. LIVE! Back daily on Monday ... are you ready for some football?  
Y’all hate when parents love their kids
an Aquarius rising just said to me “I look and act so much older than I am already. I can’t wait to be old. As long as my joints still work, I would love to be elderly”
Just saying they’re both depicted all in 
she’s not that pretty but she’s baked and vegan and 
Tonight’s debate is moderated for @cnn by @DanaBashCNN @jaketapper and out anchor @donlemon. He  the second out LGBTQ moderator of a 2020 Presidential debate. @maddow was the first at July’s debate on @MSNBC in Miami. #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
@me some unknown fryers that need recognition
Pull it - 
The corporate overlords have  …
 …
I just have to pay my deposit for the apartment tomorrow and I get the keys! YALL I AM SO EXCITED I could cry.
YAY! You're way better than live TV!
It's a GOP trend that started with Sarah Palin. If you get picked, it must mean you're qualified even if you know you, most certainly, are not.
I feel like I’m one of the only people in Indy who hasn’t taken a picture at Punch Bowl Social with the “I love you so much” on the wall... I feel left out
Don't Miss One Of The Most Intense Games Of @A2AEvents_ Season 2 ! What An Incredible Match Up ! Brutal Democracy Xbox VS Brutal Democracy PS4 NA Where Are You Placing Your Bets ?? Live  #OneBrutalForce #Apex #ApexLegendsseason2 #watchthisspace
Getting ready to moderate the screening for “The Roots of Texas Mexican Food” at the first SA FOOD Film Festival where I will be talking with the Directors and Producers of the documentary! 
Smoke sleep gym. Gym sleep smoke. Smoke gym sleep. Sleep gym smoke. Gym smoke sleep. Sleep smoke gym.
I work in three shades of black 
"They still at shit" -Cro 
NRA lawyer busted for obstructing accounting audits:  …
HEY IF U WERE AN OG TO HYDRATION NATION HIT ME UP WE TRYNA GET THE GANG BACK TOGETHER
How tf are we the weird 
My apples. 
The Wireless GO just got a sidekick. Meet the #RØDE Lavalier GO, a professional-grade lavalier mic with 3.5mm TRS jack designed to pair perfectly with the Wireless GO! Learn more about the Lavalier GO at  
Remember as the #DemocratSocialists "debate" tonight, we are only ONE election away from the devastation of the evil of socialism, that will kill our great economy, make the globalists richer and take away our Constitutional Rights and Freedom. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
Official Photos of the Air Jordan 1 WMNS "Satin Black Toe"  
Do you need a great set of heist movie recs? Because here's a great set of heist movie  …
Yes! Thank you for speaking what we all know to be true! @LindseyGrahamSC is #LeningradLindsey and it’s time for the #GOPProfilesinCowardice go to jail!
@Apple why do we not have a windmill emoji this is very important!!! #TheBachelorette
Asian people tryna get waves now???  …
NEW DOCTOR WHO FACT: Even though Pebble Mill Studios are long gone, the famous Cyberman tree 
wattpad : sweatantears allez lire ma ff sur yoongi (un taekook en cours + ff hoseok + ff jungkook + ff taehyung en cours) jforce jv avoir 12 likes la 
Climate Accuracy, Activism, and  …
Why are you still awake ?
The SCOTUS has already ruled on the @POTUS can use funding to build OUR nation's wall but the @ACLU, along with CA & NM are still trying to stop it. #BuildTheWall #VoteDemsOut ACLU asks 9th Circuit Court to speed border wall decision  … via @washtimes
Kyler Murray 2 minute offense. #nfl #NFLBrasil #ESPN 
Everything Mr.Marshall said was cap , bra said he went to Hawaii on Tuesday and came back to school Wednesday and no one noticed  …
I need help sharing a special message about my son.He is17, has #Autism &is actively putting together a campaign promoting #AutismAwareness & #AutismAcceptance.Please help him succeed.Please retweet& share his story w/your  #USA #AUTISM
Blair: Tu eres Chuck Bass Chuck: No soy Chuck Bass sin 
#Suprabhat Jai Shree Krishna to all of you...
Im touchy feely so I need touchy feely back
Media Continues Cummings Defense, Trump Responds; Democrat Debate Night 2 - Wayne Dupree Show Ep. 1038  …
For tonight's debates, we're letting you in on @jonfavs @jonlovett @TVietor08 & @danpfeiffer's group chat for real-time reactions to what you're seeing on CNN. Join our hosts + @crookedmedia's @priaribi & @__Shaniqua_ right here, right 
Me when I’m talking to my coworker and a customer starts asking for help 
Good night all. Sleep well. Picture is Caernarfon Castle, 
lol they did well to put that ad I needed to catch my breathe mercy to Ike ; Ike do you love me I was so nervous and cringing lol But Ike surprised me Ike to mercy : am falling in love with you I cannot I can see my future heartbreak dancing Zanku 
MAJOR BLOCK ALERT They are reporting MAGA accounts @V0rtexVixen45 @VortexxVixen45 
Huge Congrats to the young men at Deerfield Beach High School on  Shout out to Coach Glen and the entire staff! Keep changing lives ! #BuckPride #BeachBoys
. @bikramyoga26 thanks for my 19 year practice; who said, “Practice Practice Practice.” 
Another day writing... brain gone from fried to scrambled but got 4 songs demoed in the last two days... It helps to have various poems & lyrics from the last decade+ and piano progressions & melodies existing on my dictaphone to draw from.. then its not blank page-itis..
You don’t appreciate it I have to take it from you
I’m personally voting @peoplespca. They have sound,  sense Canada first policies. Canada needs change - I think @MaximeBernier is by far the best choice for it. The choice will  clearer and easier closer to Oct when the PPC gets more unbiased news coverage
zkdlin i miss you @weareoneEXO #MGMAVOTE #EXO 
FROMIS  …
30 July  …
Tawana Brawley ring a bell Richard Cranium?? Er, rev? #pukejob
Also, this was my first real full day at home for all of July. I can't wrap my brain around that, but it's true... I'm conquering all things "home" including making breakfast for one, decluttering and organizing, and looking like a total train wreck in my worst sweats. Love it.
DAZN's whip-around baseball show with @adnansvirk & @ScottRogowsky is streaming on Twitter tonight in honor of the trade deadline; here's what i wrote about it earlier this  …
Wait... so you’re telling me... that if I’m straight forward  my thoughts and feelings, that it could actually produce positive results?? 
6 of 1, half a dozen of another. Daisy Group’s Tom Henheffer is just an extension of Kinsella. Kinsella is still profiting from this. This is still a bad hire and a bad look for @CanadianGreens. #cdnpoli  …
I feel like you really shouldn’t be playing fighting games, at least in  sense if any amount of jank or balance issues bother you.
Golden Tate (Golden Domer) is making plays all over the field...bubble screens, outs, digs, curls etc. Not only that, but YAC is still there for the veteran. It's a damn shame he's getting four games.
Every time I start to wish that I was in a different place, or doing something else, I try to remind myself that that God placed me in the position I am for a reason. We need to make the most of the intersections we are provided with; Brokenness is Everywhere
I went to make coffee and ended up making cookies. Life is like that sometimes.
her vibe is pretty 
You really don’t have control over certain things, and at that point you just gotta let it be
Great content here for anyone wanting to get in-depth with Bitcoin  …
Making some ⁦ @Gateway2Muskoka⁩ memories this 
seize the mechs of production
Dave Roberts chats with @alannarizzo about Julio Urías getting tonight’s start and his thoughts on the fast-approaching trade deadline. 
Niceville Alum; WR @Eyincole @FAU_Football - is a true freshman to watch @NCAAFootball @FloridaAtlantic 
i wanna dance to banda & have some tacos right after . seems as if im asking for the whole world though .
45pesos sa iTunes mga mumshie. Let’s get it in the top song before the mv release! #7ArawBagoUmINDAK  …
Omar has a new white boyfriend
WAIT THIS IS THE WRONG LOVE TRIANGLE  …
We want #KamalaCare.
Religion is so weird. Y’all don’t even be decent human beings but be trynna pass judgement on other people.
All of the Arc websites got so excited about #STLV this week that they just up and fell over. We'll have them back up soon.
he already mastered the art of flipping the bottle #MGMAVOTE #GOT7 @GOT7Official  …
Jehovah's witness at my door: Today I'm asking people - with all the suffering that's going on in the world, do you think God's responsible? Me: The Devil is MOSTLY responsible. Him: *beams* I'm glad we're starting on the same page. Me: By The Devil, I mean white men. Him:..
Opaskwayak is on the map! @Onekanew  our visitors to our Traditional 
WTH is wrong with this  …
My boyfriend is not good at: -remembering things he said -buying groceries -taking naps shorter than 2 hours -being on time My boyfriend is remarkably good at: -being the voice of reason -managing finances -giving butt rubs -picking restaurants -loving me -making me  …
guys with girlfriends shouldn’t be in a girls private story. PERIODT.
Hey Moscow Mitch, stop saluting the troops you are selling down the river by not protecting U.S. elections. They fight and die for democracy and you hand it over to Putin. #MoscowMitchMcTraitor
WE LIVE!!!! COME TURN UP CAUSE IM 
All former Yellow Jacket football players are invited for breakfast with the 2019 team this Thursday morning at 9:00 am, in the McGill-Toolen Cafeteria. The admission is free, but please RSVP. Please share to get the word out to all the Yellow Jackets. #mctfamily 
At what age do you start introducing all of your band mates in the middle of your set?
End of Day 2 The Shoulder  out tomorrow! #TCFootball #stayhealthy 
"The best 
INCREDIBLE thread about uncovering Russian bot/troll  …
Now that’s what I’m talking about! 3 trucks waiting for me at the end of the field. Took til 7pm but reus farm and reus grain finally got their act together! #harvest19 
Trump's views aren't that strange. He's the only modern president dumb enough to openly air them. That's  …
“In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let  unto me, and drink.... “ All Who are Thirsty by Kutless  
Friend: tell me a NIGERIAN artist that blends in and fits perfectly in INTERNATIONAL collaborations with ease... 
#DemDebate non-rhetorical question for all. What's better: (1) candidate has strong,  debate performance but no flashbulb moment, or (2) candidate is generally weak and shaky but has one killer, memorable line?
Good morning, it’s the last day of registration! Let’s go get those units 
A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN A TAX IS NOT A PLAN I've said it louder and many times, hopefully liberal voters believe that a A TAX IS NOT A PLAN and #TrudeauMustGo & the rest of you  …
should definitely get  …
I’ve got the day off tomorrow, so naturally I will be live-tweeting this white-ass #DemocraticDebate along with the hashtag #DAMEtheDebates

at this point i’m just praying charlie cox and jon bernthal continue playing their characters, they’re so passionate about them and if marvel does replace them i will actually cry
POV: u tell bisexuals they are just “confused” and to “pick a side” and I take u 
RACOI July 4th Week Hot people: 3rd: Ong Seongwu Post count: 3rd: At Eighteen Views: 4th: At 
dont be one of those who prior their sleep over ALLAH,,,!
#NewProfilePic + 1 for the timeline 
James Marvel through 4 shutout innings thus far tonight. 1.63 ERA at Triple-A.
Okay! That’s really  …
I guess I’ll participate #FineWomenThatWatchWrestling 
10 of 10 candidates on stage tonight have signed the Indivisible pledge to engage in a constructive primary and rally around whoever wins. (7 of 10 tomorrow 
The name of the new EP is called “_ _ 
This is going to be the hypest of all hype streams. 7pm EST on August 7th  
Remind him to give poor #MushyMeadows some attention #MushyMeadows is SO AFRAID of  …
that's erasermight  …
I had to get this moment, Power couple 
that’s a documentary  …
Her brother is going to be super- pissed!
I could’ve done so much  …
can y’all screenshot my profile? i wanna see 
Every athlete needs this rn  …
by 
I'll be back when you guys are cooler.
Live!! Playing Pokémon Let’s Go (Eevee) for the first time ever :3  
i laughed more than i 
Flayn put it 
tRump Foundation vs Clinton Foundation- 
look at the 
Hanging with my buddy @Aaronm9008 tasting flowers and super powers! Yummy galore. #SuperSesh anyone game to join this power 
if you ain’t gone be obsessed w/ me, I don’tttt want you.
Live from Detroit, it's #demdebate night! @PolarBarrett, @tjm_tanya and I are here repping the @MLive 
2019 NRC Draw confirmed. All matches now LIVE on  @KayoSports and featured rounds @FOXSportsAUS. #NRC19 #NowYouSeeMe MEDIA:  
Everyday i see a couple on here happy, i will be one of them very soon
this is what i imagine tom wilson’s future daughter  …
Myself and most of our employees pay about 50%. Just please tell us the right number and not just “more.” And look at the general norm paid not cherry picked “loopholes” most of us don’t get. Or, is attempting to destroy Israel too distracting for  …
Your Kentucky support is in tatters with a 33% approval rating. You're getting shredded in the press & social media for all your obstruction and hypocrisy. RESIGN TRAITOR. #MitchMcTreason #DitchMitch #MoscowMitchMcTraitor 
GOT7 Love Loop vertical ver. #GOT7 #갓세븐 #Mark 
You're  Jenny Happy wacky Wednesday Hope you all have a great day #TEAMSTALLION #1DDrive
Cam will be Cam. If he stays healthy this season, Cam will likely  the first player in NFL history with 30,000+ pass yards and 5,000+ rushing yards in his  …
My painting of Lucas and Spielberg for a school project (date on photograph is 
I simply CANNOT have a Hamilton stan in the Oval  …
Niggas get a designer belt and start acting different
swifties every 2-3 
R U TRYING TO ATTACK ME THIS 
Was this Step Brothers blanket a good decision or a GREAT decision, pls 
What the F*CK is up Kyle?!  
Theneedledick talks about hip hop the way stephen a smith talks about hockey
I am seriously a big baby about driving but idgaf. ANXIETY. - I move apartments when I get new jobs, so  is always < 8 mins (or walkable). - I work from home when it's snowy out. - My husband and friends all know driving makes me anxious. So they always offer to drive.
When we finna start launching tha homies over  …
I've always hated driving. a) I get lost easily. Live/die by GPS. b) I have a very vivid imagination. Intrusive thoughts about dying every time I'm next to a semi-truck. c) Constant anxiety about spacing out and causing an  …
“When asked if such a move would alienate car-driving voters, Johnson said it ‘might, but it’s a matter of life and death.’” That’s  …
wow ahead of this debate thinking again about mayor pete and his perfect expression of Jasbir Puar's homonationalism ie the connection between 21st century imperialism and the assimilation of white-gay-ness into the acceptable american public at the expense of racial justice
The fact that #TheBacheloretteFinale and the #DemDebate are on at the same time is proof that women cannot have it 
Great catching up with my friend at my restaurant, @provapizzabar, and of course she ordered my award-winning meatballs! 
Going LIVE on COMICSGATE PRESENTS with @MScottMcCulloug to talk about his @Indiegogo for DOORKICKERS! Join  …
some of y’all just need to act your age and stop trying to be so grown
Posting these bc I love 
Tell me an animal that has a very unsettling and eerie aura.
This team has my whole heart!! Thanks y’all for the b-day 
Night all
Vintage Wooden Elephant, #Retro Elephant, Mid Century Decor, Vintage Decor, Home Decor, Wood Elephant Figurine  via @Etsy #midcentury #etsyau #vintageshop #elephant
Time to get to 
After looking into this project more it seems a little more promising than parts of the article may make it seem: the idea is to use sequence alignment to match up fragments of existing texts, not use language models to “predict” missing text   …
Are folks ready for the Presidential Debate tonight?? Use #CripTheVote & #REVUP #CNNDebate to get engaged  …
I wanna start a workout thread 
The Phillies sent RHP Jerad Eickhoff on a rehab assignment today to High-A Clearwater. The 29-year-old has been on the IL for more than a month due to right biceps tendinitis. He remains under club control via arbitration for both the 2020-21 seasons.
i never wanted to need someone .
Very cool interactive look behind the scenes of Mindhunter S2. 
How to handle most critics 
Fumbling a lot? RB and R1 buttons says hi. 
#Champions love being tested and up against the odds. "Those that win for a living like a challenge." ―Sir Steve Redgrave, won gold medals at 5 consecutive Olympic Games #TheChampionsMind 
thinking abt erasermight and nicknames... shouta just calls him toshinori, sometimes(!!) sometimes toshi... toshi calls him love, or my love, sometimes tries some things but shouta doesnt really like it except these two.. make him soft and weak at the knees cus...toshi lovs him
One of God’s greatest gifts  …
who else still thinking 
I'll be doing a trade deadline chat on The Athletic's website tomorrow from 12 PM PT to 2 PM PT if you wanna hang. Pls be ready with dog stories if nothing ends up happening!!
Americans having a *tough* day in DC on the Women's side. Stephens OUT Keys OUT Gauff OUT Vickery OUT Rogers OUT Kiick OUT Baptiste the only winner, against another American.
Whatsayeezy more like why are you here I’m calling the cops
New layout 
I enjoy that this clip begins with O'Neill saying: "It wasn't because I had too much stuff, it was just basically because I was a  …
ICYMI: For DAY 6 of our #GFUEL XMAS in July Promo, we’ve re-launched our G FUEL x @drdisrespect ”MOUNTAIN TOP” Shakers & Starter Kits!!! They’re 25 ounces! Refined! Elegant! Full of VIOLENCE, SPEED and MOMENTUM! GET YOURS NOW!!! SHOP:  
I now have 68 acting credits on @IMDb . This is a list of all of my 
YAY From tailtucked to waggy tails
Who's online??? Let's gain more followers. Comment Hi and follow everyone that likes  Last Drive
Love you,  …
Wonder why trump isn’t slamming Detroit for it’s tough living conditions...oh wait, no I don’t. He needs MI’s electoral votes...
Today is Mothra's 58th birthday, whose first appearance was July 30, 1961. We release a retrospective of the 1964 Mothra vs Godzilla movie  with the amazing @MattyDanner on @zero_godzilla with @jayhasrajani and 
istg the things i would do to have @hulu say gay rights and renew andi mack for 
Night one of the second #DemDebate is about to begin! Follow along as we give you the facts on @JoeBiden’s record and vision for the future.
you 
Soon to be followed up by  those nasty people on social media, poor Natalie Barr & Olivia Leeming who were only just doing their job. ie misleading Australians with absolutely no context to beat up on 'dole bludger' BS & kill off growing #RaiseTheRate  …
Maintaining your mental health is extremely important, but not something that can be done single handedly. There are times when toxic people need to be removed root and stem out of your life in order to preserve your own sanity.
It’s ClockBlockmas Eve! 1 year ago tomorrow the #Timeless movie was announced & a new holiday was added to the #ClockBlockers’ calendar. To celebrate we have planned the 12 hours of ClockBlockmas, starting tomorrow morning with fandom tweet treats from us to 
the way my brothers and i used to fight when i was younger but now everytime i see them i just need to punch them and they're like KSKF STOP PLS  …
Why does @FoxNews have @SandraSmithFox wearing Hooker eye make up for the debate? I don’t watch Fox very often any more, but geez, are they pimping for Jeffrey Epstein?
Somebody fact check this It’s believable to me. 
I hope she gets a home soon. I’m rooting for Laio and Bentley who’s spent over 1,000 days at @PSPCA. These puppers need furever homes stat!
Ryan Kesler crying every  …
People that don’t have curly hair: “Can I touch your hair?” “Where did you get your hair from?” “Is that your real hair?” “Have you ever straightened it?” “Why don’t  out your  …
my favorite song, keep it on 
Steve: Tony, I'm stuck in a time loop. Tony: Okay, so I was going too fast, got it.
Chris Evans: My time as Captain America has  to an end. Chris Evans in about 6 
Naa shimbiryehey she means she wants someone that wants to spend time with her whatever it is, even  …
dan’s soft little giggle, he adores phil 
The @CNN pundits seem to be anxious to see Democrats "punch" @realDonaldTrump. Hey @brianstelter - please tell your colleagues that violence is never the answer. #DemDebate
Before it’s viral here’s my classic tape  
7. a bad 
 … NEW INTERVIEW w/ @Sxberblu now on my blog!!! dont miss out on this one
very excited for 47 reporters in my feed simultaneously tweeting "let's do this"
Man, there's quite a few things to share for my first #animonthly. Came back to some simple animations since the last time I animated was freshman year in HS. While not finished, this one I'm quite proud of, for incorporating my look into an animated 
DEMOCRAT CANDIDATE COMMENT PREDICTIONS Williamson - I know Oprah Ryan - I'm Tim Ryan, and I'm running for President. Really. Klobuchar - I've passed more bills than anyone Buttigieg - I'm not a racist Sanders - I'M A RAGING SOCIALIST! 1/2
We’re back @BluelightLive this Saturday Lubbock!
where everybody used to bump in the walmart parking lot  …
I've check on stadium melawati event after cancellation of #KIMJAEHWANinKL, surprisingly the vanue have been booked for his Fanmeeting (I didn't screenshot it, I'm so stupid) and how they got the keys for rehearsal in the stadium up to 4pm? Can @sacitycouncil explain about this?
Local 1 janitors and @Secur_America  to you LIVE from inside #DemDebate Night 1! @SEIU members are looking for candidates to address how they plan to make it easier for working people - white, Black or brown -  together in a union! 
Octagon + new fighters + contracts = #DWCS Tune in to see who puts pen to paper!  
Terrifying. But the extreme leftists would fight to the end to make sure Lebronna would be "protected" PS: I know this is satire but it's basically what the "regressive extreme leftists" are lobbying  …
No looking back now, only forward. Let’s do this! #DemDebate 
In a previous interview, . @TheRevAl discusses black options politically and what we can learn from Trump...(message to the debaters tonight: "throw away the play book!" #DemDebate2020)  …
Wellingtonians: have you ever thought about the shape of your neighbourhood?  is a Master's project @VicUniWgtn gathering Wellingtonian's perceptions of their neighbourhood. It takes around 5 minutes  and is easy to do. Have your say 
Good line up for 
Samsung says its second-quarter profit fell 56% from a year 
I need a full pic of this full-blown happiness 
debate niiiiiight cant wait to see the replacements after joe biden got voted off last time
HS FOOTBALL PLAYERS IN THE CLASS OF 2021 TO KEEP AN EYE ON! @AalahB a WR for @ValiantFootball in this 2019 Season! BIG TIME PLAYER! We are excited to see what he does this season! Blessings on 
This is on you Berejiklian, Andrews, Palaszczuk, Hodgman, McGowan – stop killing our trees - The Fifth Estate  … via @FifthEstateAU
Check out the @dctf #CoachingSchool interview with Colleyville Heritage HC Joe Willis #txhsfb @joewillis7 @CHPantherPride @chhspanthers  …
Another great day on the water . Caught a bunch and some nice ones . It was a bit foggy this morning and thought it was going to rain but never did . Can’t wait to go again .Fish 
Mothergunship (XBO) is $9.99 on Amazon  
vips whenever jiyong loses children’s games at 

I hope Hannah B chooses Elizabeth Warren.
Nothing like taking the #DemDebate stage having just beaten @realDonaldTrump in court. Let's do  …
Me getting ready for this finale #TheBachelorette 
 @gaugefn1 as a  fortnite player.
I respect A women who respects herselfLove you #Monique 
Nicki followed everyone and their momma except me today 
I’m almost done with my July  I didn’t think I’d make it past day 1. You can read last week’s batch here!  
having Hawaii 
Nobody: Drunk 
Maria Sharapova practicing in Los Angeles today [ video by 
Tonight is going to be unlike anything you’ve ever seen in TV history, including the moon landing. You’ve been warned, #Bachelornation. #TheBacheloretteFinale
It's not baffling: it's a CLEAR indication of how fossil  are fighting tooth and nail to stay profitable as long as possible, and damn the survival of humanity in the process.  …
I try not to be a tic for tac kinda person, but I’m giving you the same energy you gave me for mine you didn’t get me shit? I’m not getting you shit. you half assed mine? Ima half ass yours. I go all out for people so why would you not go all out for  …
I came from nothing.. all I know is grind
Over 110 persisters came out to cheer on @ewarren at our DC area debate party! Go Liz! #DemDebate 
Broke: Going to a debate watch party at a DC bar Woke: Watching the debate from  of your home w/your dog, some canned wine, and eye gels to mask the agony of being Alive in 
Let's go!  …
This is bullshit! He just defends his players from these shit refs. Free petke!  …
Am already in love with VENITA 
everyone always makes me feel like i’m so hard to handle :/
Tomorrow marks the official last day of President Henry N. Tisdale and First Lady Alice Carson Tisdale. Join us tomorrow as we give them one last “Panther Send 
At the end of the day, it is not my decision to  …
And he needs to pay for the woman’s care, not the American Taxpayer.
#LeeMinHo’s fight scenes are always so friggin cool!!!!! Doesn’t matter if he’s fighting with a sword, a knife, his own fists, or a goddamn spoon!! I’m swooning all the same. I don’t care if it’s OTT and break every law of physics. HE IS SO 
One major problem with  is the tendency for folks to  in winner-takes-all terms. Almost nothing in fintech is even “winner takes most,” so  with legit incremental value get unduly exalted or rejected
Another bs leftist attempt to create a Russia scenario bites the  …
Michigan Democrat Party Chair just admitted that "Michigan has been at the forefront of  states." We agree! #DemDebate 
does someone have the rave handbook they can show me? apparently the dj’s we like determines how long we have been  …
Nature's priestess What lives have passed your fingers? Call of the wild You sought the passage of life Guiding these spirits to Their last place in the soil So walk them quietly For you the caretaker Are the last thing Their eyes shall ever see Photo 

29th JaN
Can I drink from your water? 
Baltimore has BIG RATS!!!  …
Can we please stop referring to $60M in @cityofcalgary budget cuts as 'relief provided to #yyc small businesses'? $1B in @cityofcalgary budget shortfalls paid for by #yycsmallbiz prop taxes, very nominally returned, is not relief, nor a favour.
Congrats to SO athlete Justin Williams, along with Emily Panousis who will be playing tomorrow @ESPNWWOS Wishing them the best of luck! However, no luck really necessary, they've trained hard! Thx @TorontoFC #PlayUnifiedMLS 
You Ready? My dawgs are 
Honored and humbled to have US Army Captain Erik Mineo and Ben Harrow in our family. 
But I mean the Japanese have expressed no fucking desire to buy all our lamb- FFS! Why aren’t they buying it all now if they’re all gagging for Welsh Lamb sushi? Roll on the inevitable day when these senior Tory brexiters end up at the Old Bailey for malfeasance & treason
Spending the day with my nana and man even tho I’m studying to be considered an academic my nanas out here living her best life with no western degree and she speaks Samoan, Tokelauan, Tuvaluan, Kiribati and nui in my eyes she’s already an academic
Jamaica is an incredibly beautiful place
IT’S THE WOW #스트레이키즈 #StrayKids #현진 #황현진 #hyunjin #Clé2_YellowWood 
That feeling when  @TheAthletic reaches 500K subscribers. Big day for the home team and thanks to all of those who subscribe. It’s been a pleasure working for  and growing with you all! Y’all make this job so much fun  
Good morning @Barber_Edward_ can't wait to read your HLG review. I look forward to reading your thoughts and insights about the movie. No pressure though. Take your time. :) Can't wait to watch you on the big screen mahal @maymayentrata07 
good or bad terms .. yo ass should NEVER be kickin it with da opps
carry yourself with the confidence of a priest who can’t sing deciding he’s gonna sing the entire Eucharist
Best of luck to my @CMU_Football brothers this camp! When you think you worked hard enough, work harder! Can’t wait to watch this season. Fire Up Forever!
Hell yea I changed I ain’t work this hard to stay the same
Junwoo's clumsiness feels like Onge didn't even act It's Ong Seongwu natural 'charms' #옹성우 #열여덟의순간 
PATRIOTS ASSEMBLE My friend @JetGuy8 is not too far from 5000 followers. Give him a follow as  to giving more of his time to twitter 
So happy for you @LilNasX, please join me in getting this #YouthTownHall to be a  …
We judge others because we lack of understanding.
Saw #FreeMeek trending and thought it was time to ride again. Now I am sitting here calming myself down 
That number is  …
The second #DemDebate starts NOW. Follow along with @ABC News  live coverage:  
ᵍᵒᵈ ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵒ ᵈᵒⁿᵉ ʷᶦᵗʰ ᵗʰᶦˢ 
lil hot girl, lil 
Ryan Dawson ( @RyLiberty) is scheduled for the Monday, August 5th edition of the #Killstream.
It's Tuesday...and that only means one thing! LeBron James is a 
Cauliflower is the winner for me, by a floret.
Christian Kirk is having a great camp. Wouldn’t be surprised at all to see him surpass 1,000 receiving yards this season.
Michigan Democrat Party Chair Lavora Barnes just admitted on the #DemDebate stage that "Michigan has been at the forefront of  states." Obviously, we agree. 
We got a special section on our website where you can get some of my non-wtnc works!  … 
not at how i immediately thought of this photoshoot when reading today’s dynasty updates...i’m crying @dirtysope 
You will go through pain in your life. but how you choose to respond to it is your choice
I just posted a YouTube video of Cummings on C-Span in 1999 saying that Baltimore is a drug infested mess all you have to do is look at this hypocrite lying politician.. they forget it's all on tape
i deserve the world, so ima give it to myself.
first jimin goes: then he came out:  …
BMac sends @FreddieFreeman5 home and it's a 3-0 #Braves lead! 
We are closing in on our July fundraising deadline! Please help me spread my message to all corners of MO-01 by chipping in whatever you can tonight! Thank you!  
marianne williamson getting pumped up 
same 
Who wins? Beetle juice or the Fiend? #WWE #SDLive 
Loving my job! 
AG #William Barr just further narrowed the class of people eligible for asylum. William Barr finds another way to be cruel to people fleeing  …
Laid Back Camp is still my go  anime, it helps me fall asleep, it makes me feel warm and happy but most importantly of all it has the best most underutilised side character. Justice for Sakura in season 
I just want somebody who can body-slam Trump #AuntieTweetsDemDebates #TuesDemDebate #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
Wtf is this  …
Drew Smyly with 9 shutout innings now to start his Phillies career.
didn’t know it was possible but i’m more excited for sophomore year than i was for freshman year
Every single one of these people look like the people that yelled at me or called my parents for riding my bike on their 
U were a big fan of all of your teammates as they of U. A gentle giant with so much respect for our staff/program/teammates. We r very proud 2 have had you in our #VGOH family and will continue to remember u as we move forward from this devastating news.A true VIKING! RIP 
Could granting legal personhood save endangered #orcas? Staff Lawyer @Linda_Nowlan in @walrusmagazine on why giving #SRKW a voice at the negotiating table could help ensure their survival.  … #killerwhales #rightsofnature #NoTMX #cdnpoli #bcpoli
Tired mainstream media putting its thumb on scale re: centrist vs. progressive candidates -- by overemphasizing difference + suggesting latter aren't electable, despite fact that majority of Americans support PROGRESSIVE policies by wide margins #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
Cowboys WR Tavon Austin on President Trump's criticisms of Baltimore: 'He doesn't really know what's going on'  via @sportsdaydfw
[first day as a real estate agent] *knocking on door* yep it exists alright
Guilty Conscience by Em & Dre is still one of the most creative songs and videos of all 
Thank you for bringing fitzsimmons to life and for 7 years of amazing memory 
No shade D’ussé needs to cut @theestallion a check
Checked the mail and this finally came in - now I can put it on like I just got drafted #1 overall #BMDC 
[Choir breaks into 
Without Reggae we would have no Reggaeton, So Big up Jamaica and its culture!!!!!!  …
Being in silence with your s/o is peaceful
bless others if you are in the position to. The number of people you bless is how You measure success
Some of em are like this and some of em aren’t. But it doesn’t matter, let the girls rap however they want. Y’all don’t say shit when every guy makes the same rap song with a slightly different flow. Y’all are annoying as hell.
q so sague bom
So Angus walks into Josh's office and talks about Hume, farmers near Yass etc, and Josh's office take from the meeting is we have to focus on the Monaro as it's the number 1 issue for them. #lostintranslation
Artists installed seesaws at border for kids in US and Mexico to play  …
[In play, runs]
I would rather lose the WS again than win with Bauer.
Congratulations to our very own @GWayneLive for putting the grind in and hitting the #TwitchPartner requirements! This is only the beginning. #VillainsRise 
Non-Chicago people really be hurt when you say something is decent . Like relax, I just called it amazing, you didn’t listen to the tone of my voice when I said it lol
same 
This week's theme will post tomorrow, but until then here's some art, a clue, and perhaps additional writing inspiration for you... Towers, by Darren Bartley  #SciFanSat #AmWritingScifi #AmWritingFantasy 
out of love is hitting different 
I loathe CNN and their WHOOP-WHOOP POLITICS IS SPORTSBALL!!! coverage.
Lets GOOO.... im so hyped  …
“I’d like to be my old self again, but I’m still trying to find it”
1. Put some kind of "manual review flag" process in place for OBVIOUSLY BOGUS copyright claims like this 2. If someone is found to be placing bogus claims, BLOCK THEM FROM MAKING FUTURE CLAIMS!!! This "guilty until proven innocent" system needs fixing!
Name the film. Wrong answers 
“i wanna see you “ from someone you love is one of the best texts
nice, big gap between 13th and 12th but surely #MTVHottest billie eilish
Y’all need to learn how to  being alone. And I promise you shit like this don’t even  …
Mourning @PMoorePastides leaving @UofSC by snagging a tomato and basil from  garden and making a caprese salad. Not Greek but we thought it was 
Former Massachusetts Governor William Weld, (R) is primarying Trump. He has categorically stated we do not have to wait. Weld was a top GOP prosecutor. Check this out & please RT.  …
Today was my last day selling machinery. Excited to start the next chapter as a territory manager for @corteva in a little over a week! I’ve missed the crop protection business.
Yeah yeah, Biden is leading the field because we say so. We get it. #DemocraticDebate
@PNNLab researchers are giving molten salt reactors a refresh! Learn how this classic technology works and why it could play a role in America's energy 
112.6K likes and counting. Let's see Swinson, Johnson, or any Blairite match that.  …
Thinking about Marvel Vs Capcom again (because I always am) and Imagine if they had costumes for characters you could only get by buying an  book and getting the code inside. Polybag it so no one could steal it and boom, you got people going  shops.
I just started following ONYRIX / Dino Olivieri on 
Making dinner 
She needs to bring Janelle Monae into the fold. GIVE US CINDI MAYWEATHER ON AN IMAX SCREEN  …
Idk how girls expect guys to pay ALL the time. Like let him buy dinner and you buy dessert or the next thing atleast here and there
As a doctor of Statistics let me assure you that very "solve this equation" meme is based on writing equations intentionally and people's misunderstandings of mathematical order of operations so that people can feel superior to each other over something trivial
Day 2 of fundraising, remember, a settler patron saint is matching donations up to $5000 so this amount is actually double! It's not letting me add image descriptions for some reason. $1984 to be 
Gotten some more courage to do some more fanarts! Fanarts for @noekjerblx and @WhimyArt. :) First one was with mouse, and second one was with tablet! Hope ye like them c: #Roblox 
NEW EPISODE: Josh Staumont & I talk about is time in AAA as an opener, his love of rescuing animals, & how he looks pretty close to Billy from Stranger Things. Even Gordon calls him Billy. Like subscribe & download on the 435 Podcast Network  …
Staying true to the rules of our household since @PattiMurin can't watch #TheBacheloretteFinale live I am firmly planted on this couch ready to be horrified and outraged (probably?) by what's about to 
MORALITY CLAUSE is ready to roll in Race 5 at Saratoga tomorrow with @jockeyfranco in the irons. Her pal/mentor ENGLISH SOUL runs later in the card for @ZillaStable. Let’s hope the two young fillies can 
Fresh pod! @justforlaughs special! Max returns from Europe for the annual JFL recap episode!! Mike and Shane walk Max through their always eventful weekend at the  festival on the planet.  
My response time is 3-5 working  …
Respond with a gif of your favorite Dallas Cowboy, I’ll start... #CowboysNation #Goatboys #WeDemboyz 
Congrats to Melisa for getting one step closer to a #BMWX2!! You already know what time it is...You're in #99MinutesCommercialFreeMusic and your Text To Qualify Word  up NEXT!!! #StJohnsPlayHouse
That last parts true. Putin can talk to traitor Mitch McConnell as he pleases. Traitor Mitch takes it out on 
#OnyxWay #OnyxWay #OnyxWay #OnyxMadeMeDoIt #OnyxMadeMeDoIt if you’ve ever been to @clubOnyxgh before in the part 2 years ... share ur stories on the craziest things you’ve done there or after there ... 
High school graduation doesn’t have to be in May. This young man had his own with the Superintendent @DrBryanJohnson  his coursework with support from @ChattanoogaYCAP , HamCoJuvCt, and others. Well 
trying to redraw one of my first svt art 
"He broke me." Tae says, his voice shaking. "You don't have to forgive him Tae. But we both know that if anything actually happens to him, you won't ever forgive yourself. She won't forgive you if she ever finds out something like this happened either." Jimin says.
Lace Frontal 
It’s okay haha, you’re so corny! I love that about you :). Hey I don’t know if you saw my last tweet to you but, m’lady I was wondering if you open your private messages so we could arrange a meetup in the future. No haha I’m just joking... unless?
Las Vegas, 1959. Check out for more pics:  
Tonight’s #DemDebate is not a boxing match, it’s not a reality TV show. Let’s not watch it from that lens. These are people working hard, applying for the most coveted job in the world. Let’s listen w/ intent & respect. America’s got talent & it will be on the stage tonight.
Anyone finishing school or unsure about what they want to do next. Don’t worry about what everyone else is doing or what is considered the norm. Take some time to figure out what makes you happy/excited/tick and ultimately passionate about - you got time
DO.NOT.GIVE.UP
Try to keep your back towards the camera while you’re talking so they can’t rush your conversation because the guys will listen to you, but again they have so many people to meet. Just keep that in mind and don’t expect a 10 minute m&g, at most it’ll be 3-4 minutes.
"His Daisy Group colleague Tom Henheffer, who has worked on many war room campaigns with Warren, will be running the team" Yeah, like Kinsella won't still be involved. This is simply optics-control. #cdnpoli
About to watch the debate and thinking happy thoughts for all of the campaign teams about to do their rapid response, sending their tweets and their releases into the ether. You folks are doing good work, no matter what happens.
BREAKING: Florida State  from Top100 running back Jaylan Knighton  
No one was ever bullied for playing video games or being an antisocial nerd, apparently. Gamers are the real 
Is it that hard to present your opinion and arguments respectfully? Specially if the other side doesn't really have a bad intention? Some people are so rude
Is there a bigger clown any where? He’s out village idiot 
you ever thought someone was so attractive then you see one of their opinionated tweets and just think “oh you’re one of 
Dear friends why do y’all get so bitter when we don’t see each other I got my life,you got your life. I can’t be hanging out every fucking week,I may see you tomorrow or I may see you next month and that should be okay! I’m trying to get my shit together rn. We’re fucking adults!
If your NOT watching the Democrat debate tonight emoji the American flag.
The time @julesjordan let me take a selfie in his rolls 
#OrbGang standing by At ⁦ @FoxTheatreDet⁩ At your service, ⁦ @marwilliamson⁩ #DemocraticDebate 
Vintage Cuff Links Dark Marbled Pink and Silver Enamel, Men's Fashion  via @Etsy #vintagecufflinks #vintageformen #mensgifts #menswear
ARUGULA & WHITE BEAN Baby arugula, cherry tomatoes & white beans tossed in a lemonette dressing & topped with shaved grana padano  …
Why won’t you let bipartisan election security  to the senate floor, #MoscowMitchMcTreason 
Took a detour on the way to our story. Brush fire in the Sepulveda Basin near Balboa Park. SkyFox @FOXLA over the scene. I’m first here on the ground. Speaking with the man who’s camp caught on fire. He tells me this encampment has grown drastically over the last 2  – at Sepulveda Basin Park
ahs 1984 is literally going to be trash but miss leslie grossman could get me to watch her read the dictionary so i guess we watching it
Time for the sponsored stream with The Blackout Club! :D
. @SoundTransit is asking people what they should do with surplus property near Angle Lake Station. Everyone is saying more parking, because the garage fills up so fast If there was bike/pedestrian/bus access - literally any other access - people wouldn't need the garage as much
I’ll always choose my dogs over you. Know your place
You’ve Make Dreams Come Through for Others  …
Only two hours left! Be sure not to miss these  …
This morning’s @MOEducation conference started with a terrific talk on leadership by Major General Donna Martin’s. Then  @MargieVandeven, highlighted #CPSBest & Boone County schools for working together to give nature school access to all 5th graders. 
hopefully y'all checked on your fat homeboys who don't wear their correct shirt sizes today. i know them titties cryinnnnnn
No Rod. DC obstructed declas & JUSTICE. You should both pack light. cc @POTUS #KAG @DevinNunes HT @thedilleyshow @prayingmedic  
First day shit 
The day cars left Central Park, bike supremacy took over resulting in a recreation of Mad Max Thunderdome. Oh the humanity! 
I wouldn't be surprised to find that Leo/Federalist were the people who bailed Kavanaugh out of all his debt
Media have finally realised that Brexit will be a disaster and that Johnson is a con-artist. It's all over.
Cardi B is the least qualified person to “educate” voters on anything.
I am the best biter who bites harder than anyone. I bite  …
Friends visit 
me getting excited over a new show vs me realizing i have to actually sit down and watch  …
Why is @VanJones68 claiming Elizabeth Warren is ahead of Bernie in the polls? This poll is from 
PLEASE MY HEAD HURTS RIGHT 
“Play your hearts out and play fearless.” From one generation to another Members of the Senior Team share their advice for the U19 team as it prepares for the @2019u19wclax 
I’m addicted to lashes, sandals, heels, clothes, hair.. food.. this why I’m always broke  …
We now have automated foot scooters on most street corners so we don't have to walk, which we rent using the tablets and screens we won't stop staring into. Wall- E isn't far off.
Corporate America paid out $1 TRILLION in stock buybacks after Trump passed his tax law. Meanwhile, real median weekly wages for working Americans only rose 0.6% last  …
Thank you for the overwhelming support on this Big Nut launch. You can still buy the product but it has been changed to a 2 week pre-order  extreme gamer support. Thanks again, this is incredible.  
Shit, I ain’t got friends no more. They took too  …
Oh heck Lori. We’ll all be plastered 
190730 [N'-105] Highway to Heaven MV Behind #Day1  #NCT #유타 #YUTA 
This is big for @CNN! This debate's going to be on muted televisions in airport waiting areas across the country. #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
@TheRevAl has made racist remarks towards Jews and white people. He has dedicated his whole life on being a divider. #Democrats just want to keep racism alive so they can get your vote. @TheRevAl has been more damaging than @realDonaldTrump has ever been.
An exec said this morning he did not think the #Reds were sellers and added, “It might not make sense to you but to Bob Castellini 76 wins is way more valuable than 72.”
I love seeing all of your twitter profiles like this one, with the new era of Philanthropy! Amazing! We have created and are building a 
Not to be outdone after Inciarte got his fifth stolen base in the 2nd inning, Freeman just picked up his fifth stolen base with 1 out in the third, then sores on McCann single to right. Slide and close play, but Nats can't challenge after losing previous challenge. 3-0 #Braves
Happy Tuesday 
Year Two : 
if you have tattoos your automatically 1,000x more attractive in my  …
#MedicareForAll is *pragmatic* and *conservative* social policy. It's improving and expanding an existing social insurance program to everyone -- and providers and hospitals remain private. This is the opposite of "radical." #DemDebate
If the venue doesn't allow camelbacks or empty water bottles then the venue isn't appropriate for this festival. This is NOT ok. Who's running this fest? I want names
Just getting some shots up. YKTV! @nolimit_kev @DetoxysGT @vert_ @Mootyy2K  – at Los Angeles Lakers Training Facility
「 healing paradise 」fuka toyokawa 3D icons! ♪ free to use + no credit required screenshots by 
Gotta say, the pre-show game on both @CNN and @MSNBC is abysmal. This is not a sporting event.
women are so unfunny XDDD omg you're so right like guys are just better why won't you reply to my dms
Can we sign  …
I might be on vacation, but that doesn’t mean I’m missing the debate! #VoteBlue2020 #DemocraticDebate
Just another reminder that Montana slaps and all those other states suuuuuck 
a good 
I don’t follow people with bible scriptures in their bio.. I’m not on twitter to get saved bitch I’m tryna be ignant
What I appreciate about this #DemDebate night is that @CNN has made it more easy for me to refer to the white guys whose names I don't know. "The white guy next to Marianne Williamson" "White guy furthest to the right" "White guy second-furthers to the right" This will 
@Louis_Tomlinson thank you for giving my sister strength. she’s lost the father of her 1st child and the father of her soon to be 2nd less than a year apart and told me this song helps ease her pain. your music is helping keep her intact. I can’t thank you 
You a hoe, an you built like a nokia! Stop the nonsense we’re top-tier  …
Nobody will ever understand a black man like a black woman
I’ve been debating about posting 
Matt Duffy makes the nice over-the-shoulder grab! #RaysUp 
reasons like this why this dude my role  …
After much deliberation...Hmm. this was the plan from day one let's not try to sugar coat it now. Thanks for finally letting the truth out.  …
-similar situation. It is then that the familiar voice immediately grabs her attention leaving  dumbfounded. “T-Tharja!? This is hardly the time to be playing. Surely you can’t be serious. Why don’t you really explain what is going on?” #Elysium | 
no like later tonight log on and remind me that’s how you should spend your time
I just wanna be under some influence rn. I’ve been sober for too long.
Here's your cheat sheet for who's on stage - left to right - during tonight's 

SUPER SMASH BROS. ULTIMATE Final Two DLC Characters Possibly Revealed:  

You can cheat us... but you can’t stop us! @drewbrees @Cantguardmike #perfectpass #perfectcatch  
i don’t understand how i never tweet about wanting a sugar daddy yet i get a storm of sugar daddies in my dm requests
I’m not watching the debate; I’m waiting for the 22-person CNN panel to tell me the Democratic field is too large
Woohoo! 
I be @work 70% of the time & the other 30% with my  …
Can't wait! #LivePD  …
Watching Demolition man 10 years ago: "Another silly action movie" Watching Demolition man 
the titty video isn't that bad 
Heeere we go! #goodtrouble
 going live! practicing and doin' sub games, type !join if you're tryna play. stopping after  out
Good morning & Happy Birthday, #Mistress & #Owner @MissSuzannaMax. i lie at Your feet waiting to serve You. You are #beautiful #gorgeous #amazing #divine. Wishing You every happiness & success. i worship You 
hey someone love me already and i’ll suck your dick whenever you want to
Ok that’s it.. who’s ready to go  …
200 people, in including @MalcolmNance, participating in tonight’s annual Global Citizen Beer Summit on Racism in Philadelphia on the 10th anniversary of Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates & Cambridge Police Sgt. James Crawley meeting with President Obama @the White 
Ok thanks
Mohammed most popular baby name in Israel; GoT-inspired name gains  …
coldplay for the soooooul
Mercy to Ike : truth or dare Ike : truth Mercy : Do you love me Ike : I'm falling inlove with you somebody hold me o I'm about to faint 
#SDLive  up shortly! Lets follow some awesome people and join in the conversation!!! @TT_4You @lindsbehonest @ChampionsPod @kuta_jr @RatedR2012 @Phoenixnjpw @ClaymoreChick95 @Wentzylvania267 @Capt_Dino81 @ohemdeegee And there’s more I KNOW I forgot 
Every American deserves equal access to a quality education. As president, I'll work to ensure that the faces in our STEM classrooms reflect the faces we see in the world around 
Time to watch Hannah pick Petsmart Jingle Boy over Actual Work of Art Chiseled Respectful Florida God 
BITCH! Please Don’t Touch My Curls  …
We are ready @officer_jill @OfficialLivePD @LivePDNation @MRudderham629 #LivePDNation 
Mary j blige concert 
We’re blessed to serve these great #SISDPVA Visual Art students and teachers in  …
@iamAndalioLoisa @iamr2alonte more pictures with the both of you 
My firm is still doing work with  …
Yas Reminisce!!! Drag him  …
Uber is now available in East, 
JUST ANNOUNCED! See you at this year's @959theranch's Ranch Bash! Tickets:  
OK, kids, off to the cardiologist. Back in a while. Hopefully.
Ps I been feelin hella sick and off since last week so one of my first acts of kindness is to acknowledge that I can still be beautiful even when I feel like I am not
American Atheists Supports Letting D.C. Minors get Vaccinated without Consent of Religious Parents via /r/atheism  #atheist #humanist
he’s going THROUGH 
Let your sons cry. Let your sons feel emotions. Stop the  …
#BREAKING: The Los Angeles County coroner's office confirmed today that 20-year-old Disney star Cameron Boyce's sudden death earlier this month was due to 
The Gundungurra people from the Blue Mountains in New South Wales will launch a public campaign to raise awareness of the detrimental impacts raising the wall of the Warragamba Dam Wall would have on local Aboriginal  …
Last night of GIRLS select SOFC camp! #gamenight 
UF goes 10-3 last year an can’t land a top in state back LOL
Me: Patients are people, not diseases. Get to know them and find  discussion themes. Student: *jots down advice* Me (to patient): So what do you do for work? Patient: I sell Hair Extensions.
. @DevinNunes tells @SebGorka republicans don’t like to run to the Court and sue people but I’m out of options. You can’t just stop fighting and let them beat you. We are at a point in history where they will attack you and your family. 
the 6 y.o. has now formed opinions on star wars eps 1-6 and they’re almost all eerily keen: “what is wrong with anakin” “if stormtroopers are clones, how are some so short” “why are all the humans in this movie white” but then... then.......... we get to the jar jar binks issue
compilation of straight girls having their gay awakening because of sully fire 
I believe in the blunt
op’s friend described sehun as the type to listen to you intently as long as you’re willing to keep talking, apparently when chanyeol was done sehun still had 20 ish fans to go 
There are 4 weeks of hot girl summer left. Time to kick into a fresh gear, my darlings
Until, you establish a process - the HOW you do something - you will not be consistent. It doesn’t matter how good the plan or strategy is. The what and why will only matter once it’s attached to the how. That’s how you get and STAY consistent.
THIS IS NOT TOOT TOOT IT’S DDU DDU HE’S NOT A MFIN TROMBONE 
I’m just now watching Season 4 of Last Chance U for the first time and want Kailon Davis to be my brother.
Bro I genuinely don’t understand why people will follow you then unfollow when you follow back
If you my dude I’m touching all over you wherever whenever!
With social media reminders, it has   …
ACRYLIC SWIRL . IG: 
Hammy talking about how many cars the Astros have potentially given away due to grand slams is just heartless, uncalled for trolling of @sportsyelling
Ikem is forever sailing!!!! Yall enemies back off my ship or I'll slit your throats!!! Sailors ayeeeeeeeeee!!!! Get on board my loyalties 
#橘ひろな ~Tokyo town walk~ #portrait 
the amount of arthur energy this  …
Luke Cage's unofficial theme song. Used to play this all the time when I was writing the first two episodes...  via @YouTube
Vintage Mid Century Silver Tone Cuff Links with Spiral Design  via @Etsy #vintagecufflinks #giftsformen #mensfashion #FathersDay
woah... what a 
Why are Ravvi’s legs on Oli like that???? 
Believe it. Nothing @BorisJohnson says now has anything to do with Brexit. He's campaigning for a GE. He's not the PM, he's the  …
Avery Was Fooled By American Sizes Again by Fall Out 
fav e dm
Sex but instead of moaning she recites the entire script of the Bee Movie
In order to qualify for Kamala’s debt forgiveness program, you must jump into the leak in the corner of the men’s bathroom; spray the painting until Boo is revealed. Jump through the painting and then ground-pound the lightest floor tile. Grab a pineapple from the room and find 
How Many Followers You Want? 1000 Retweet = 1000 Followers 2000 Retweet = 2000 Followers 3000 Retweet = 3000 Followers 4000 Retweet = 4000 Followers 5000 Retweet = 5000 Followers REPLY With ''hey'' and Follow Who Likes ur Reply I Will Follow Back All Comments Let’s Go
My DMs boomin 
she looks so happy im 
so give it to her. why is it so hard to just  if it was, he would’ve said it back. if someone is already insecure, situations like this never help. it’s frustrating...since it was so small & not a big deal, why not say it?
the shows have been 
twitter freaking out  …
We all get by with a little help from our friends. 
Who will be the first candidate  out in favor of free abortions for transgender illegal immigrants tonight? #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
Cannot emphasize enough: THIS IS HUGE. @GovernorBullock just beat the Trump Administration, closing a Dark Money Loophole. Again: Gov. Bullock has done more to defeat Big Money than anyone else -- and the results   …
PACT x REDSKINS TRAINING CAMP YEAR 3, shoutout to all our peoples with the skins for showing us a good 
LET THE LACE SPEAK!! Want to learn the lace game? Come learn the No Lace No Case method Damienne Doll @Im__AnnMarie Charlotte September 7th-8th Atlanta Class September 15th Tampa Class September 22nd Houston September 28th-29th Detroit October 5th-6th  
Just got Minecraft
Looking forward to some thoughtful, reasoned analysis on this website.
Sex and a milkshake would smack Rn.
Compared to other nba players he is
Made some fan art for @Shdwss not a designer but I spent a while on this RTs appreciated! 
Most of us were on that page, myself included.
Facefull void arcana reminder  
• Semi Mystery Auction ~ includes the bowl and everything in it! rules: -bids start at $1 -bid in $1+ increments -tag the person you outbid {!!!} -add $5 for shipping fees ENDS IN 24 
Highlighter on my tiddies
Super impressive 11 on 11 period for Jared Goff against a first-team defense that was doing all sorts of stuff in front of him to confuse and get pressure on him. He responded by delivering three straight throws into tight windows.
Relationship twitter don’t let us  …
Best part of @TomPerez’s shouting was this awkward joke about voters dating candidates that BOMBED. 
Who you 
We get it Lena you’re in love with Kara nOW GO KISS THAT SON OF A  …
lambs in 2 years when they see the last 4 Lil Nas stans freaking out over a song that could break the OTR record bc it has double the remixes  …
Twitter “experts” thanks for the advice, but keto/LC won’t cure my T1 diabetes! It makes it A LOT easier but it won’t cure it. Yes I’ve read ALL the studies, listened to all the podcasts, published w @davidludwigmd about it & live it 24/7 
Just here for the ratio
Spending the evening watching a Fraggle Rock marathon. How you doing? 
When’s Captain Sparklez suing Usher for ripping off revenge? 
Dream Season - Week 5 ‘69 Chiefs at ‘78 Steelers Pit aims for playoffs I notice this error: “Glen Edwards with the interception!” Edwards’ last year with Pit was ‘77, was with SD in ‘78. Apparently, their fact checkers are the same as 80% of today’s internet Steelers writers 
Need a new headshot, but low on $$$? Once a month Stupid Old Studios will open our doors for Cheap Headshoot Day. If you have 20 minutes to spare on August 13th, book yourself in for a professional headshot in our Brunswick studios.  
The "last gasp of white  …
THIS IS SO PAINFUL TO LOOK  …
a HUGE congrats to @cheatingcolby for winning 2 tickets to #playlistlive Orlando 2020!!!
Everyone needs to remember this about Doug Ford’s “fiscally responsible” conservative government.  …
its been a good while since i cosplayed jojo and now that part 5 is over yall know what that means!!!!!! part 6 in two years!!!!! #jolynekujo #jjba #jojosbizarreadventure #stoneocean 
More teenagers making waves. 17yo Hailey Baptiste, making her WTA MD debut, defeats No.2 seed Madison Keys 76(4) 62 @CitiOpen. Nice moment at the net between the two, as Keys gives her a hug and ruffles her hair. Big time performance from the DC native.
i love how i always do a goodnight tweet then proceed to stay on twitter for another hour after it
there are big penises and there are small penises but the best penis of all is happenis
the @sec wants to run nodes on public blockchains to monitor on-chain activity ahem... service providers w/ nodes + on-chain data incl: - @_blockdaemon (managed nodes) - @FRSTCorporation (data + queries) - @coinmetrics (data) who else? everyone apply!  …
If u get a good one make sure u treat them right
[2Q Results (in KRW)] Sales: 56.13 trillion, operating profit: 6.6  …
Trans folks should be visible every day. And centered in the work for trans justice. When’s the last time your church had a trans person speak or preach?
Orwell said that the British liberal elite would side with Fascism before Socialism, and then try to justify it. What an insight Orwell had!!!
Chimpanzee couch potatoe ... just preparing for the next few ... evolutionary steps ... 
How much does a buisness have to donate to the @OntarioPCParty to have taxpayer funded Ontario News Now and Doug Ford/PC Cabinet  promote your business with a video/announcement? If your government is for sale at least include the price list. #onpoli  …
First Chinese music video in history to get 10 million certification points....... HISTORY HAS BEEN MADE AGAIN! 
Calling all #firebase enthusiasts! Apply for the Firebase Summit today. -->  #FirebaseSummit @gdg @WomenTechmakers  …
Teammates: Where'd you get shot from? 
EVEN THOUGH I'M SOBER I THINK WHITE CLAW TASTE NASTY.
like if you want this ethot gone
Must you include the innocent clothes?
Unsure why, but the installation of Malwarebytes on my  is suddenly blocking most google domains as malware, also some Microsoft domains. Says they're malware. Any other MB users seeing this?
Thank u to our wonderful teachers, @joelgatehouse & @ninazvoice for attending the closing performance of The Fields of Asphodel tonight. Without the valuable lessons u’ve taught us & support given we couldn’t have done it - thank you for passing on your passion and 
I talk too 0 people
Please join me in congratulating @AC_TonyCheatham on his promotion from SM1 Westminster to SM3 Harbor East - Baltimore You have worked hard and earned this! We are happy to have you back in #SAVAGESQUAD and look forward to your continued growth 
Almost time! Music just started! @QueenWillRock + @adamlambert Washington DC @CapitalOneArena #TheRhapsodyTour 
that doesn't sound like the mets
who will end up a rich lesbian ceo? (not all 4) #MGMAVOTE #MAMAMOO @RBW_MAMAMOO
Cowboys WR Tavon Austin on President Trump's criticisms of Baltimore: 'He doesn't really know what's going on' |  …
I’m not pressed to be in anyone’s life
the 1 day drought is getting to him 
Governments: continually failing to secure critical public infrastructure while constantly demanding that secure tech be undermined to make police states easier to implement.
They do it's a killer, WM won't subsidise a 2nd bedroom but they think they'll subsidise a whole country.... Education down there must be bad.
Everyone wants to be seen, but fooled by the reflection of their mask.
Brian McCann adds a single through the right side that scores Freddie Freeman from second. It's now 3-0 #Braves with still only one out in the third!!
Congress must act to stop this modern day child slavery but they will not because they have demonstrated  animus against even the most innocent among us, the unborn!
i’m a very good honest person and will own up to my mistakes. and everyone i care about knows that, anyone else doesn’t matter xo
What makes a brand is integrity, what sells a brand is transparency, and the ability to cultivate new customers or fans and keeping them interested in what you offer
In crying "witch hunt!" in response to #MeToo, many of the 1 in 6 male survivors of sexual violence miss an opportunity to face their past & heal. I stand with @jacob_bruggeman who has had the courage to break his silence & empower other  …
giving flowers/chocolate to ur partner: - old fashion - lame - doesnt last forever giving severed limbs to ur partner: - unique - shows ur putting effort in the relationship - put them in a clear jar n there u have a long lasting home  …
WHAT THE  …
remember this face, ‘cause i’m that bitch you gon’ lose to
Huge thanks to @DianaAyalaNYC for organizing today's Youth Fair on East 106th Street here in #EastHarlem. Thanks also to @NYPD23Pct and @FDNY for participating -- and, of course, to all the @UnionSettlement summer camp kids and staff members who came to the 
Keepers of the Orb. Followers of the Marianne Mindset.
Trump's tax returns required under new Calif.  …
Another Name change from Donald 
wow jinhyuk. hope yunseong has a chance too, anything even if socks, watergun or  …
this looks like my cats when they bout to throw up...really.. cat owners would understand  …
"What is your problem!" "I had all my problems removed. My entitlement, my narcissism, my crippling loneliness, my irrational attachments."
Did somebody say SHARKWEEK???? Tell Shark Psalm what your favorite shark is!!  … #furry #furryart #sharkweek 
pov u don’t ship ryan b and tristan c from 
deBlasio is following in his friend "Trotsky's" footsteps 
I want one.  …
Charming AOC Sweetheart of the DNC Winning friends & influencing people Palestinians ‘Have No Choice But to Riot’ Against Israel “Absolutely” Israeli Government is “criminal” “white supremacist Jews”  antisemitism racism ugly
Blessed to receive an offer to continue playing football at Depauw University! @CoachJayHood @DePauwTigersFB 
Speaker at STL County Council extolling council members to do something about how the MUNY made little girls cry by changing the ending of Cinderella.
Does anyone remember the Neuqua Goose? What a time to be alive
@iam_Davido killed me on this na true no be you say make your papa get money 
who would give you flowers? #MGMAVOTE #MAMAMOO @RBW_MAMAMOO
BEAUTIFUL @1012Keitai @Soledad30777243 @shahnaqi84 @ViktorMochalin @marinavibu609g @ranasilvia63 
it's crazy lower  people will always respect your hustle and pay you what you're worth but the people with the most resources and pull want services for free
I’m with you, each & everyone of you! If you’re a Bernie Bro, I’m with you. If you like Kamala I’m with you. If you like Uncle Joe, so do I! We are 1,in the singular goal of removing the #LiarInChief & his party! We must rebuild our country! #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Fired Up, Ready to Go.  …
yes I love being 
Quarry beat everyone, But Ali and Frazier. He KOd Lyle,Shavers, Mac Foster; he beat Paterson, Spencer, Etc.. some of the best punchers ever I avoided  …
finished my summer class with a 96%
What about this? @Poeticwednexday 
Petitioning for Polk County to have a reality  …
God when I get my actual skin back Y'all are for 
I dated a girl a long time ago and we lived in different states and I hated long distance but now that I’m older I almost think a long distance relationship wouldn’t be that bad lol
Looking for organisation to represent in @Quake Pro League. DMs open. RTs appreciated. Thanks!
Such a sad  thought  …
Good god I’m up way too late but here’s #Nott of #TheMightyNein - have really been enjoying these portraits! #criticalrolefanart #criticalroleart #criticalrole #nottthebrave #dungeonsanddragons #goblin 
On me when I give out money, but never ask how I’m doing
i go thru my battles on my own ion tell a soul
This program produced some of the first ER docs. Its end along with Hahnemann’s closure is tragic. After 48 years, this photo memorializes the last group who willingly manned that front line and stood watch over  that needed them.  …
Grey-green Fruit-dove (Ptilinopus purpuratus); in a large species-group from Australia to Micronesia & Polynesia. Very vocal all day 
The  are already driving me nuts
*kiss* stop playin with me before I kiss you in yo fohead
My ship  and sink. My money cannot waste. Ike and Mercy carry on!!! #Mercified #NoMercyNopepper 
My ears finally came back and I am so happy right now and the treat bag worked too and now I hear something in the backyard now 
well who wants jonah content ??
As do I. And my wife. And the majority of my friends.  …
I just posted something new on my JFF page.... See this and more at:  … 
MPD seeks the public's assistance in identifying & locating a vehicle in an Assault w/ Intent to Kill offense that occurred on 7/30/19 in the 3rd Street Tunnel near Massachusetts Avenue, NW. Press Release here:  Have info? Call (202) 727-9099/text 50411 
in no way are WE the weird 
TammysTreasures554 -Ebay - 10% of All Sales To Charity.  
ay my employees hoop too remember that if you ever need a extra
That feeling when you know you killed your workout >>>
Am watching a show while drawing, anyone remember this dog? 
unpopular opinion: square up era 
CD COVER "DAFT PUNK REMARSTERED" @DaftPunkUnchd @Illustrator x @AdobeFrance  …  #CDプレーヤー #illustrations #flatdesign #illustrationartist #illustrated 
The idea was between this & one where Steve had to relive the day Tony proposed to him! It'd still be sad bc there's only so many times Steve can act surprised/happy before the loops got too exhausting, so Tony'd get insecure eTC when he didnt get the response he was expecting:))
AIR JAWS!!! @SharkWeek continues tonight with more absolutely mind-blowing Great White Shark action including an all-new episode “AirJaws Strikes Back” from the dream-team @Jeff_Kurr & @Fallows_Chris in a brand-new location showcasing ridiculously unique predation behavior! 
I love Finn. Poe. Rose. Rey. C3PO. BB-8. All of my babies. Truly. With that said, I will scorch the earth if Jannah dies advance anyone’s story. I will haunt everyone involved who isn’t already ash and dust. 
based on the demographic of people who drink white claw.. it can't be good right
Apple's clothing collection, 
lmao I literally have to stop myself from going off on people and just think about growth. Bc I will air it outtttt
uh, it was SEMI-autobiographical
Lady’s don’t miss out on all the fun of Nevada Football’s 2019 Women’s Clinic, this Saturday August 3rd! Everybody’s doing it! 
The 2019 @SamfordFootball Team Photo Day is in the 
bitchmade cuck is a good one tho
The Zen Way is demanding, but it leads to the depths, to the light of clearly seeing what is. — Myokyo-ni | | □∧◯
#MGMAVOTE #EXO @weareoneEXO . Baekhyun in tears while thanking EXO-Ls during his speech after winning 5(?) awards in Melon MA '16, saying that they will be artists that EXO-Ls will be proud  …
I be having to catch myself before I do some crazy shit Fr
Ready for #DemDebate - and don't expect me to be nice.
King for a day : jayvisuals_ : dade181 
New updates from Roger Ver @rogerkver on why Replace-By-Fee may have been added to #Bitcoin in the first place. Catch the full video here:  
Not how much she was paid, it’s called “paying her dues”. The Global Elite came knocking, as this is now the trade off for her very undeserved fame.
why have i not floated the river this whole summer
My sexuality is women who could step on me and men who have certainly been stepped upon
Hard pass,  …
Mercy's asked Ike during Truth or Dare Mercy: Ike, do you love me? Ike: (smiled) I'm falling in love with you Me: 
Trump tags QAnon account in calling for voter ID law  
I want the therapist from Big Little Lies to tell me bedtime stories.
You feel  …
Clear eyes, full hearts, Dark Souls!  
Nuke selfie because look at that 
Capricorn and cancer in a chart is a perfect balance of the expression of cardinal energy... not bossy but still super motivating
Malaysian street 
Tonight's #DemocraticDebate features new rules: CNN's moderators won't ask candidates "raise your hand" questions, and candidates who interrupt will be penalized with reduced 
200K AWAY FROM 1 MILLION ARE WE KIDDING OMG  …
Is everyone ready to start our Twitter Party? Feel free to reply to any of our questions, include photos & be sure to use #hersheyparkhappy so we can see 
#Arsenal have asked Daniele #Rugani only on loan (for the future there is Saliba), but #Juventus to sell him want €30M at least. #transfers #AFC
They’re not all corny fanfics. They’re not all fanfics in general. There’s some seriously dope ass stories that ppl make from scratch that don’t get enough  …
i wanna go out on dates to nice restaurants, picnics in fields, pottery classes, garden centre shopping, to see shows, stay in and get wine drunk and sing celine dion.... is that too much to ask for?
This is the  …
Lets go 
It is Wednesday my dudes, and that means Waikato Fight Night! Join us from 6 - 9pm tonight at the @OMENbyHP Esports Arena Street Fighter V Tekken 7 Beginner friendly - learn how to play and improve your 
I just saw a 33 year old 3-time WNBA All Star sprint from deep in the corner to the opposite side of the floor to pick up a 24 year old teammate who was fouled & knocked to the ground ... THAT’S leadership ... THAT’S being a great teammate, especially when your team is down 46-34
Starring ! @Lapowski1 @Nimbus_Nine @thetyleromari @CasualBoysMusic @buda_thegod @kaswizofficial @THEBREAKUPx @KoltenMusic @THECHXSEN @fanglox @ahayxo @Sensei_Dre_777 @DaxxWild
This Go Hype Me Up On The  …
Murder scene Kayy Made A mess 
Poor dental health has been linked to heart disease and Alzheimer’s, but more Americans have to skip dental care due to cost than any other care — regardless of insurance. Medicare for All would ensure that every American can get dental care they need to stay 
I felt it so intimately. A guy selling cigs on a corner to pick up some pocket change. Like really??? That's a crime worthy of a police assault and murder??? Eric Gardner's death plays over and again in my mind. That video shall ever loop. Such deep grief for his family
If I get a U in my exams that’s okay because U stands for Underrated legend. The Underrated legend is me. I am the Underrated legend. Thanks  to my TED Talk.
I got one girl 
Thank you so much for voting and making #likethemoon music video NUMBER ONE on @cmt 12 pack TWO WEEKS in a row! Comment below and let us know that you voted, we are doing giveaways and other fun things each week! Link below!!  
I see that I've gone about the past year all wrong - rather than reading many 100s of papers to learn about what has been done previously in the new academic area I'm working in I should have just made up a name and declared it a new field.
Want to see what we’re up to at @TheRecount? Sign up here to join our public beta and receive our first product, The Daily Recount, along with other short-form video coverage of politics each day in your inbox:   …
About to see the amazing story of the little known friendship between baseball legend Roy Hobbs and the great playwright George Bernard Shaw! 
Also shouldn’t our to the DP cuz the way this is shot is just like a play on film noir, that scene in the dark and all you see is pics and her cigarette light? *chefs  …
Dybala 30 games 5 goals 4  …
Toy Story fucked with my head when I was little, because I started feeling bad if I didn't play with all my toys. It legit gave me anxiety.
Blow my mind is gonna hit 1 mililion views in the next 4 min in less than 12hrs @iam_Davido ft Chris brown
Social justice clusterfuck migrates from activist struggle sessions to mainstream politics & corporate America. If you’ve been paying attention to Left Twitter, you know what to expect a
Out at ⁦ @W_Knights_V⁩ practice today. The Knights have been dominant in their region for years, and hope the streak continues in 2019. Look for a feature in next week’s ⁦ 
Great play Judge ! Let’s get that bat going 
Rick Mast and John Andretti walk down pit-road before the 1994 SplitFire Spark Plug 500 at 
Name this finish! Available on the Factory Outlet NOW!  
Can's happiness is so contagious even in the few shots we got to see, you can feel the love and  from him #erkencikus #canem 
Who is going to the Trump rally Thursday night? Raise your hand
Candidates' increasing discussion of progressive issues, epitomized during the first debate, hasn't shifted views of the Democratic  …
Congratulations to Harry Clow ‘15, who graduated from @Georgetown this past May  into the @USNavy as an Ensign. He will be reporting to the USS Fitzgerald (DDG-62) in San Diego  some initial schooling! #Network 
Chicago Police Are The Most Disrespectful... Who Wanna Argue?? 
Erica &  …
I can relate to that lady who married the Eiffel Tower because I was also married to a hollow piece of work
Go to the Rendezvous!
Notice how Trump says African American.. He puts a HEAVY EMPHASIS on the word African. He doesn’t deem it necessary to use the n-word when the word AFRICAN in his mind IS the racial slur. He does it whenever he mentions ANY race that is non-White.
Not politics : I'm old. Movies I grew up with are now on TCM. ... "Star Wars" "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". Dayum.. Old movies to me were Audrey Hepburn "Breakfast at Tiffany's" & Bogie in "Casablanca".
infinite - the eye the 808??? the gated pad in the bg??? the STRINGS?? this is 
Proud of our girl! Excited about the next step! @SupremeTexas @HerdAthletics  …
[ #heechulIG] 190730 Dog Cat Trip IGupdate #Heechul's pet: H E E B U M 
Hey @TheCameronRice Zac has pledged to bring back the Stache if #BloodcurdlingTalesInTime gets to 150% tonight, Bring back the stache,  … Just FYI, @jessicaverdi @norsemeat @JanelSantaCruz @Frankly_Emily @Hyper_RPG
I don’t think I’m mentally or physically prepared for the debate tonight and that okay because neither is Beto
AYFKM? It never ends. Trump claims ‘complete vindication and exoneration’ after lawsuit against Russia thrown out  …
. @pauloyer: "Times are good if you are college educated and working in the right industries in the right locations. But the last 50 years have been terrible for people with lower skills."  @Lenny_Mendonca @FastCompany
Me putting my all into somebody and getting nothing in 
Chips and queso. Bread and olive oil. Either way my self control is nonexistent so this is why I’ll always be a lil thicc.
A really good app with some amazing free books and the perfect place for people to practice writing but the cringe fan fictions has ruined the apps rep forever  …
•great new song 'ok ok?' will be ready for you tomorrow. hear it first on @Beats1 @zanelowe at 10am 
Watching live on CNN, Marianne is the only person to keep your eye on this evening! She's bosssaayyyy
They are all using Esther as a scape goat, cos she's not there. I will only believe them if she was there in the game #Bbnaija
Sometimes I want to follow a talented person But I don’t because I know their output & beautiful work Or maybe their photogenic lifestyle Will make me feel bad Sorry I am very insecure
No, arrogance is.
Freddie Freeman is still quite good at hitting. And driving in runs.
EC wants to THANK everyone as another  to an close. You make every Tuesday interesting with all your fab tweets! SEE YOU NEXT WEEK! ART: Maxfield Parrish #fairytales #folktales #fantasy #Writers #TuesdayThoughts #artistsontwitter 
If you’ve missed it, here’s a little snippet of the @United Spider-Man: Far From Home Safety Video I did. The employees were actually real employees! It was really fun to do, so check it out. 
Here we go toninght #therhapsodytour @QueenWillRock +  – at Capital One Arena
My favorite thing to do is talk shit with my partner about how dirty people’s homes are
Follow author Ursula K. Le Guin’s journey of self-discovery as she rises through the male-dominated world of science fiction  into her own as a major feminist writer. Broadcasting on @PBSAmerMasters Fri 8/02 at 9pm/8c  
stop sending me videos of trash bud w ya wack ass deals fuckin bozo
Damn well she’s cancelled and nobody even knew her
For this cause everyone who is godly shall pray to You In a time when You may be found; Surely in a flood of great waters They shall  near him. Psalms 32:6
with news of my leukemia worsening, I’ve been having real conversations w/myself about mortality & what do I need to be happy in the midst of this. at the top of my list is to stop being mean to myself for having cancer & my god is it a gift I will work endlessly to give 
I made this character back in 2014 & only drew him twice. I really wanted to bring him back. I originally had other plans for this line art, but I've been dealing with a number of health issues that are giving me terrible anxiety. So I decided to color 
I’ve been so fine lately 
When CO2 levels were last as high as they are today, the east coast was 90 miles inland. YIKES. #TCA19 #PolarExtremesPBS
this must be the place (naive melody) is scientifically proven to produce serotonin
god forbid a nipple slips out..
come here let’s make a playlist together
family photo 
Mr is known as mister the origin of this is on walls MR meaning pyramid same MR is Moor/Muur meaning 
Relapsing again, for the second time in this short year, so I’m spending my time between therapy sessions re-reading some powerful pieces on depression, anxiety, suicidality, and recovery:  
okay look  
The failing New York  – at The New York Times Building
Dave, my apologies. Not having  with me during performance today, I did not see your tweet about your being in the lobby. If  to Macbeth tonite, I will meet you in the house after the show. My abject apologies for keeping you  …
Hello! I created this guide to install IZ*ONE Private Mail for international fans. I believe the same method can be used for IZ*ONE Remember Z. Please check it out and let me know if you have any questions! #IZONE  …
to you @SenatorCardin . Thank you for all you do for  #MyMel
Game one dub! Three home runs, including two from Braedon Blackford, put the Fly Boys over the top! Game Two starts in approximately 30 minutes! 
Yo @NellerApparel , you  back? Oh.. the preorders begin 8.21.19? NELLERSZND
Been a privilege to work with UnitingWorld the last 5 yrs. I have been so enriched by the work, courage and vision of the churches in the Pacific and the many friends and colleagues I have worked alongside! Been a rewarding & fulfilling 
Tryna get my wife to be a chola so we can jam spm together and can call her my hyna.
Yes hi @SlashyTDashy recently made a new fantasy oc and her name is Betha the Black So you bet-that I'm definitely gonna get on that art train and I betha do her good Also I didn't know her right hand casts elemental magic beforehand so uh, whoops. Welp, b- betha luck next ti- 
hot girl summer is no longer a thing after hitting the beatty candy shop #iykyk
Mental how fucked up in the heed a am, a need sorted
Cold Justice Trivia Night with @SieglerKelly & @SleepingNinja05 and the always awesome Detective 
PLEASE start tweeting about Warren making a statement about  (or whatever your ask is) hashtag #demdebate #democraticdebate and please link articles about  as well as link to  @nathanpboston @carolyncbarthel @AndreaDoremus @NFGiM
I hate when people pretend to be such a victim
Why isn’t this 
this will forever be stuck in my head 
First, the meet and greet itself will be quick and short. They have a lot of people to get through and take photos with. If you have something you really want to tell them, tell them BEFORE the photo(s) are taken. You’ll be hurried along after the pictures.
Pass Rush of the Day: Bull Rush by @CamHeyward. My 3 Keys for a Bull: Inside Hands, Lean, Run your Feet 
why don’t you just go ahead and kill me ms. aniston i wouldn’t  …
In case you missed it guests tonight are @lynchrocks & Don @Dokken (together!) and Eric & @STPRobertDeLeo talking 25th anniversary of @STPBand Purple and more! #TrunkNation LA Invasion 1 hour away @Rainbowlive @siriusxmvolume 106!
I’m going in parade for the first time u guys
Live on twitch! First time in 2 days! Come hang out for some arena and win yourself a free set of graphics! that’s right free!  #graphicsgiveaway #streamgiveaway #livestream #twitchgiveaway #twitchstreamer #twitch #twitchaffiliate #SupportSmallStreamers
lil booty can move 
Best show ever period  …
Should have thought of that before you sent it
I cannot believe two of my favorite movies so far this year have been directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino.
Still mourning. I don’t care if it’s 
The biggest problem in journalism education has nothing to do with the  …
Adulting is not Child's play
Bernie Sanders Features Cardi B in Campaign Video: ‘She’s Really Smart’ Crazy Bernie chooses a rapper who doesn't speak intelligently and has no clue about what's going on in this country Maybe Bernie will pick Cardi B 2 B his VP  via @BreitbartNews
Are you ready to trade $CSC with  . A new way to trade with wallet to wallet swaps. Set up your account today and give it a try!  … #CSC #CasinoCoin #faast #btc #eth
Last Friday @MarkBrooke and myself ended up wearing the same outfit. Today everyone else decided to wear it too 
yeah c is definitely not there, he’s going through 
me to me on sharing marianne 
aye! so because minecraft is gaining a lot of traction recently, and since @Jack_Septic_Eye started playing, i thought i could give you guys some tips without spoiling stuff that is better to find on your own. here's a doc of some!  …
The Sunrise Movement led a climate march outside the Democratic debate site in Detroit. Here's what activists 
Seahawks have signed long snapper Tyler Ott to a multi-year contract extension.
idk why I made this 
I think I’ve been living in LA for too long. I just bought a coffee for $7 and thought “Oooh what a steal!”
best truth or dare they have ever had o.. #BBNaija2019 #Bbnaija #BBNaijaTwist 
Wow. 17yo Hailey Baptiste, ranked #283, beats #17 Madison Keys 7-6(4), 6-2 to win her first career WTA MD match. Great moment between the two at the net.
I'm gonna take a stab at this. They aren't racist because the tweeted 
Chapter 1 Meet Jeongyeon AO3:  
This is the best thing I’ve seen all year...what a legend..and what about the Raiders supporters..they’re the coolest  …
Finally a before and after that is actually a before and after  …
ever get to that point where something so small can set you off and make you just lose it? cuz same.
oh heyy twitter, it was my birthday the other 
RT if craving mozzarella sticks.
Seahawks announce they have signed snapper Tyler Ott to a contract extension.
everyone danced to shine like their life depended on it but couldn’t give them their first win.
My love language is quality time and gifts. It was difficult to explain why I show off what my s/o does/buys for me but that’s my love  …
Lestrade John e 
Hey all. I am guest editing an  issue of AUBURN AVENUE, an online literary journal for people of color. This issue’s theme is GENDER. See more about the journal and how to submit at this 
My debate assistant is reporting for 

ready 2 die 
Healthcare Voting rights Gun reform Equal pay Climate change ... these issues are on the line and the only way we can make progress is if we have #FairMaps. Each candidate should share what they'll do to end map manipulation during the #DemDebate. #AskAboutDemocracy
Here we  …
I’m weak  …
'He has a move where even he doesn't know what's about to happen' — Super Smash Bros.  reacts to Hero's breakdown and RNG elements @MightyKeef @zerowondering @PG_ESAM @alpharadtv @TSM_Leffen #SmashBros #SmashBrosUltimate  
Another denial by 
#ModernWarfare if I can get past this guy 
Rando internet find from 
Never expected to see my name so many times in a Kotaku article Please follow Zeal, you can wishlist it on the Steam Store, I'm praying it'll find investors soon. Oh also I guess I'm still looking for work. Producer/Team Manager. Ideally indie teams who wont scam me LMAO
I do like queer stories but I also want more stories that have queer people I want stories where a characters queerness isn’t a huge thing, they just are who they are. Cishet people don’t have straight or cis stories, why do we need our gender or sexuality to be the main focus
Playing fortnite for the first time in months:) Sub Goal 4/10 Follow Goal 815/830 Supports much appreciated let’s crush these goals baaaby @OfficialTeamWaR  
Ah, the debates are on tonight? Not going to lie. We are going to watch The Boys on Amazon Prime.
George Calombaris, former Masterchef judge, says 'I'm sorry' for underpaying staff  … via @abcnews
When you are in Boracay or in any resort, watch out for peeping toms. Read this thread on Korinne Laza's experience at Wald's Place in  …
jeonghan: sometimes I feel like I don’t fit anywhere... scoups: what do you mean? scoups: you fit perfectly right in my arms! jeonghan, blushing: ˢʰᵘᵗ ᵘᵖ
Give me ideas for football related podcast please, and people who would have you would like to listen too, Glazers, FSG, Ashley, Levy? All  extremely appreciated
“My sister has been missing since Sept. 2018,” Uyghur activist Rushan Abbas told RFA.“More than 25 of my in-laws are missing. If it is true that 90% of the people have been released, then where are my sister & the entire family of my husband?” she  …
There is indeed a lot of inflation but the Govt has done a good job to try and shield the poor and lower middle class from this inflation. Here is a good 
Arby’s is actually good af idk why y’all be tryna play lol
Getting stronger by the 
ur a good guy
I follow back immediately
 …
wah 
Idk how anyone could do a long distance relationship & JUST text. I need to hear your voice, see your face, expressions, etc. Texting just feels less personal and gets boring, imo.
View from the control room: Starting now: The @CNN #DemDebate live from 
Not the usual 
So many great #productions Love this one  …
SUPER FAST. SUPERNATURAL. For a limited time get both Control and Wolfenstein: Youngblood included when you buy GeForce RTX. Act now →  
Indiana’s 18-19 as a movie title: The Good, The Bad, And The Confusing. While the Hoosiers have no clear cut “star” going into next season, they do have guys like Rob Phinisee on the cusp of a breakout/5star Trayce Jackson-Davis. Still cause for optimism next year in Bloomington.
Damn  …
There goes No. 1! #Orioles prospect Kyle Stowers launched his first pro homer in his first at-bat tonight with @Ironbirds. Here’s where the 2019 #MLBDraft pick (No. 71) landed on the updated @Orioles’ Top 30:  
you can dislike any character you want!  valid! don’t let anyone tell you different! unless we’re talking about Arthur Morgan from RDR2. you have literally no right to dislike Arthur. i’m pretty sure it’s in the law somewhere.
Today I've written a song, scanned and uploaded two trash bags worth of documents ( #goodbyeclutter), answered an email or 1000, did an interview, recorded a song, swept my apartment, did some laundry, and I'm about to head to candlelight yoga. I also drank a beer bc #balance.
Thanks for the weird conversations and the funny names today. Sorry I rage quit in apex Here's Maya being jelly of milo's belly 
On Monday, the defense punched first. But, on Tuesday, the offense punched back. Winston & RoJo had their best days of camp, and the rest of the #Bucs offense came alive with them. | @PewterReport |  
Nothing was the same after  …
I've got 1,300 words written on my new column. Editing begins now as I wait for these another 2 nights of  
Yes, we have a website Yes, it’s awesome Yes, you should check it 
Y’all be hype to meet celebrities... see me, I am the celebrity.
 the bride. #stabi @camilabanus 
Top 3 ladies . Mercy, Diane and Venita . #BBNaija
Folks, if anybody thought there would be a  this summer, get it out of your head. It's not even close right now between Eli and Jones.
“But, Post you said Knighton was going to OS...” 
there’s only going to be like three of us watching because the rest of america is watching the bachelorette but LET’S GO LOVE ISLANDERS 
Less than five minutes until the debate: I'll be live-tweeting some observations as I watch it unfold from New York City, but a Detroit-based colleague will have coverage later on @CourthouseNews.
I made a “feeling cute, might delete later” Instagram caption for the cookie-cutter shark because that’s what @sarahtsulick would want me to do for 
If you are concerned about any of those things on that list - many of them are about harming vulnerable children and youth - you are a "special interest group" under the definition Doug Ford and Conservatives are using to insult you. The Conservatives have contempt for decency.
My battery is at 1% and my phone might die before I finish this twee
At the very beginning of Avengers: Endgame (2019), you can hear how the background birds chirping greatly lowers in volume as the snap 
*Endangered species they cut protections for? *Affording  bc they cut rent controls for new buildings? *Transit in Toronto bc they imposed a batsh-- crazy plan they consulted no one on? *Accessing your City Councillor for help bc they cut Council in half?
Shirt Giveaway!!! Your choice of anyone of our shirts for FREE!! To enter: - Retweet this tweet - Follow is #Raising4Rosie Winner on  …
Shout out to this. #BarberShopChronicles will be heating up the @RoundhouseLDN stage until 24 Aug, then out on tour across England and Scotland, before heading across the pond to #NewYork @BarberShopChron @NationalTheatre  …
The petitions aren't quite ready. The paperwork is  I  following @takecaback and visit the website  Keep in mind... They don't allow online signatures for recalls.
Good afternoon, New Jersey. Working on my cloud 
*refugee children who can't afford clothing when they first get here escaping war bc they cut funding? *children in the child welfare system who are victims of abuse bc they cut their advocate? *victims of injustice who can't access legal help bc they cut Legal Aid?
getting really close to 5K followers here... i'm prepping some lovely things to share to celebrate...
Which Muppet would be your 
Working on a currency buying screen. I'm quite proud of myself having created these models. #indiedev #indiegame 
Smile if you’ve made $1,000,000,000 (via 
It’s so nice when siblings show affection for each  …
The amount of people shamelessly biting @peekaboobeats is increasing daily. If that ain’t influence idk what is
The wait is over! Time for @HobbsAndShaw. @TheRock and Jason Statham fighting each other’s sense of humor and throwing down with @idriselba for the fight of the world. This is what you call a summer delight. #HobbsAndShaw 
Congressman @JasonCrowCO6 joins the growing chorus in Congress calling for #impeachment inquiry. #COpolitics #CO06 #ImpeachmentHearings #Obstruction  …
Think this shows how truely exhausted I am by this day don’t forget to fight the stigma- a simple share/ like can help 
WORST. SUMMER.  …
imagine being this cute and skinny 
U.S. Men's National Team Blasts U.S. Soccer for Claiming It Pays Women 
LITTLE LEAGUE HR @Jared_Oliva41 circles the bases, plates three and gives us the lead Curve 3, Trenton 
dustin and lucas knowing they’re the most underrated party 
Perfect 
Got myself a drink got myself the most beautiful smile and now I'm ready for the man who wears it to grace my TV.. cheers! #RomanReigns #SDLive 
he so baby 
And they threaten us with having to use the Euro if we leave the  …
Postmates really will have you paying $15 for a Wendy’s 4 for 4.
Nadie: Closs: ATENCIAN
And a 
Before she damages the monarchy, well that ship has done  …
Going to Greenbelt Chapel in a few. Will pray for the success of HelloLoveGoodbye, @aldenrichards02 @bernardokath. #HelloLoveBegins #AldenRichards
Lol good luck finding another human with a Samsung to charge your 
hows dan schneider not rotting in  …
I love my freedom of movement to live, work, study and travel across the EU. I love the security cooperation that keeps us all safer. I love knowing I can approach any EU embassy for assistance overseas. I love not paying data roaming or credit card fees in the EU.
every time i get a notification telling me @HazelMonforton has liked one of my tweets i panic and think i've accidentally been horny on main
I've been actively telling folks to mute or unfollow me until it's over. It's like we're all hostages and I just want y'all to be free  …
hot girl 
My method of birth control is his practice of semen retention. For the men who cum, Condoms are it. I stopped taking hormonal birth control in September 2013 and was diagnosed with PCOS April 2014. As another measure of BC, I use wild carrot seeds I harvested in Vancouver, BC.
I told my six year old that I had a scientific manuscript accepted today. He asked if I will get paid lots of money for it. “Um, well no not really” “Then why do you do it daddy?” I  up with a response yet that satisfies him #academia
Just Incase anyone was actually thinking this was Dybala... Here’s a picture that shows that the tattoo doesn’t match... This Dybala imposter has a tattoo on his hand and Paulo doesn’t... Sooo, 
all these years gone by and Mufasa’s death still doesn’t sit right with me...
I almost sang in this podcast! But instead talked about my origin story, WP processes, and how WordPress is supporting diversity in our project with  …
When your stream deck shout outs are on point . @V3NQU1SH3R @MiniaturesDen @Jimmy_The_Brush @GloriousBadger @Katiepult @j7_studio @GorillaBrush @stazzeous @CaptainMaddLove @MHoboInc 
Huge turnout at public meeting to protest #Conservative cuts to legal clinics in Ontario #Justice4All 
Jesus = Second Adam (1 Corinthians 15:47) Therefore, Jesus is the actual Humanity 
[ Ktimes V TODAY ] Personal trainer Yang Chi Seung revealed his relationships with Jin (BTS) and Kim Woo Bin on the program "Video Star"  … #JIN #worldwidehandsome #EPIPHANY50M #BTSWeverse
yo @TheJohnnyHQ we have a project and we need your  on just give in for the stans
Have not drawn Prunella in 
The human body has so many fallback modes. You only get a symptom when the body runs out of fallbacks.
the reason i don’t want her on strictly is because she’ll bring a bad name back to the  joe worked so hard to build up a good reputation for it to be knocked right back down in a year? no thanks x x
ICAN policy "Shipping and Maritime Sector R & D and Commercialisation Program to attract international partners in the development of a low emissions maritime industry future" This article hints at where such an initiative could go.  … via @FredericLambert
i don’t trust nobody lol
Told a girl i was Nigerian and she blocked me, what did we do to you people pls
I wanna go to so many festivals/concerts but no 1 to go with
i won’t judge you if you do it but i personally would  …
This is 100% 
Yes, sister!!
Incredibly important to understand this. D&D doesn't turn nerds to blood-sacrifice, video games don't turn gamers into mass-murders and hentai (even VCP) doesn't turn weebs into  …
We’ve all just learned that when Sherman has an idea for a @KellamHigh admin team photo/video… You just go with it Can’t wait to see how this one turns out #letsgetphysical #shapingup #80s 
Have you tried just not saying racist things, Delilah? That’s worked with me for 43 years.
Many of us have respect ,empathy and tolerance for those doing it tough, it's only the entitled arrogant who look down on them. One never knows when the worm will turn.
All y’all better stop sleeping on this  …
You already know who i’m using for 3 days
Lorraine Warren, Ash, and Ripley Got my demons and monsters COVERED BITCHES  … 
Everyone’s favorite blue tiefling just being cute and wonderful. #criticalrolefanart #jesterlavorre 
So Ive been doing this Shantae thing for the past week or two. Gotta add Sky still, but I thought I'd at least show what I've been doing all this 
Nixon then repeated Reagan’s words to his Secretary of State William Rogers, Naftali writes. “The most novel aspect of President Donald Trump’s racist gibes isn’t that he said them, but that he said them in public.” /2
We need to use more #옹성우  instead of keep using 준우 주누
My son is in a Star Wars day camp this week and apparently smoked everyone at Star Wars Jeopardy today. He was the only one in the room that knew Chewbacca is from Kashyyyk; not even the teachers 
Break ups are so hard especially when they were your best friend, your person.
The two leading left candidates are the only ones who wear glasses.
Turn around for me Don’t look at me like that girl With a face like that I think I’m ‘bout to risk it all 
Oh I’m the biggest Liz Lad in America! #DemDebate  …
Can’t stress about how people move that’s on them, they’ll have to live with that. As long as I know I do right.
teacher: whats so funny? me: nothing... my mind: Farrah 
And here we go. 
IT’S 
The focus seems to be on the Monaro - no mention of Yass, near Yass, Boorowa, Hume, Goulburn. Of course the Monaro is where the Taylors have extensive land interests and where the alleged spraying occurred.
Just got to the Letterkenny episode where basically the whole town beats the ever living crap out of some far right folk. Big fan of that one. Show keeps getting better and better.
Ahhhh Biggie You and your camera crew will choke on fish bone tomorrow aswearrrrrrrrr 
You Moron! You can’t even “Step Up” to Fix a Microwave Mac-N-Cheese!!! Have you looked out the windows of that Pimp Ride? Your State is a WRECK! What is your plan when the only ones left there are YOU and the  …
Which is very odd, because the Guardian's FOI docs show that after that meeting Frydenberg's office contacted the Dept of Environment, the focus is on Monaro: "for farmers in the Monaro this is the "number 1 
DO NOT BE THIS REVIEWER,  …
HOSA 2019-2020 1st Officer Meeting for the  school 
'Orange Rat Firestarter' by Marian Kamensky is a good image for Trump, don't ya 
And this is why I said there’s no middle ground between #ADOS & N’COBRA. Is this why Sheila Jackson Lee net with Ghanaian reps to discuss  …
thanks for the recognition @earth_daughters so excited to be part of the august #indigenouswomxn of the month! check out our bios on their blog and nominate more indigenous womxn!  …
i have an 
not sure why but I would love to cry
Switched my edit and reload binds just now R is edit G is reload now. This should be interesting (:
On Thriller Bark, they use an alternative currency Buries
New 
Where did the $16B in US Grants given to Baltimore in 2018 Disappear to? Brian Gates said, It wasn't $18 billion over 2 1/2 years. the HUD Director said it was $16 billion in 2018 ALONE!The fed. gov't pumped $16B into Cumming's district in 2018. WHERE DID THE MONEY GO Elijah?
as soon as that DC water touches y'all in August, it's boo who??? then once yall cold and single and it's boo hoo
5 minutes EAST Coast! One of the best episodes of anything that I’ve ever been apart of! @SeriesPandora @TheCW
As before, the huge field is split into two nights of 10 candidates each. Tonight's debate is: Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren Pete Bootyjudge Beto O'Rourke Amy Klobuchar John Hickenlooper Tim Ryan John Delaney Marianne Williamson Steve Bullock(?)
Gold Glove 
Because it was 
back to my whore 
I’ll believe that Trump is growing into the presidency when Fox News executives stop talking about him like a toddler.  
Today was one of hardest days of my life as I got to say my goodbyes to my life long best friend and neighbor I grew up with. I never wanted to leave your side today as I saw you and reminisced on all our memories together. Love you forever @Bnichols28
West Village functions used to be  …
You’ll find your point where you will exhale! Whew! A  …
Bold #DemDebate2 predictions: - Warren will be extremely well prepared - Bernie will gesture emphatically with his hands - Beto will speak Spanish - Marianne Williamson will perform a tea leaves reading
Ready for Andrew Yang to live tweet the debate! #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
#Veteran This man wants Omar's  …
Alternatively, you can scream into the void with us here on Twitter. We're turning this account over to our politics reporter @ByRyanBrooks and letting him live-tweet this  …
They're all terrified..makes one wonder just what kind of and how many skeletons will slither out of each of their closets?? There has to be reasons they are all panicking and putting their freedom in jeopardy by trying to tear down a duly elected president?? Must be  …
Me, upon receiving tomato seeds in-game: I can’t believe it... I’ve cameo’d in Three Houses and didn’t even know it...
If only I had known, I should have  a watchmaker.
Just found out she’s a bison and it’s  …
Any grind is a grind if it’s halal. Doesn’t matter what stupid ppl online  …
Friday: our Double Daisy Double Release returns. Classic DDC is an annual observance of pine, weight and fresh grapefruit. For its counterpart, we trade our house ale yeast for a fruit forward blend. Fully Saturated DDC fills in the straight edges with puff paint 
I literally just read that someone doesn’t like tear??? So here is tear Hoseok to show them what it’s really 
A big thank you to @CaikUts @TerriJanke @drcbond @AJ_Whittaker @Heidi_Norman @Shannon27628051 @DrSRP1 @Gawaian77 and all the people who made the #utscaikdebate such a success. Supporting a great cause -  …
The fact that she sounds so serious is just really sending me  …
Only thing I trust is my gut feeling
Is there going to ever be a day when the left has some type of accountability? I'm not talking the little tiny people. The higher up dirt bags in the Obama administration. Is that ever going to  …
Why are the debates so early (in the season, not the night why are they on so late in the night)
GET SMART WTC Construction? Ground Breaking? WHO DID THIS? WHAT DATE WAS IT ADVERTISED? WHAT SYMBOLISM DID THEY 
i swear boys be doing stuff wrong the first time so they won’t have to do it ever again  …
1k rts and i'll buy this and wear it on my first day of senior 
i know jesus never existed bc what 33yo man do you know with 12 friends
Opponent of nation's public lands is picked to oversee 
The @USSSAPride take the lead on an infield single by Jessie Warren! Watch them against the @ShougangEagles on @FloSoftball. 
Truth or Dare is going down well. Mercy: Ike do you love me?? Ike: I have fallen in with you. Mercy is smart #bbnaija #Bbnaija19
Yessir bro We lit in the A  …
Do posh people cross their legs while taking a shit?
