Well ya know this attack on Us and Democracy WAS an Act of War. When War is declared on you it usually is from an enemy and surely an attack Makes them our enemy so Dude, It's both High Crimes & Misdemeanors AND Treason. Says so in the Constitution. You can't Whitewash That!!!
3-time All-Star Carlos Gonzalez's short #Cubs tenure may already be over  
yo imagine someone wholeheartedly choosing you, must feel great
: "Jooheon, do whatever you want to do" yeah I will
Double Rainbow in OC. The storms made it! Very 
I debut in about a month... It's time to up the work I've been putting in 120% and really kick some ass! Today was upper body and HIIT :3 Workout on Instagram! Never give up! Push through the pain and  the better then the best you could imagine ! #FitnessMotivation 
Is Robby Anderson skinner than a toothpick? Yes. Is he the best deep threat in the NFL? Yes.
Thinking about him and his throbbing filmography 
Finally graduated from the rose gold g shock I rocked for 5 years 
You can’t  empathy, or human connection. It  naturally. You either have it or you don’t.
Is this the mayor of Portland 2019 or Selma 1958. Can't tell them apart.
@TRINArockstarr just pulled up on me!! Tune in 
Vote D down the line? There's an intriguing idea. Maybe I'll work that into a piece for a national newspaper at some  …
Stay away from BIG FOOD... Anything that’s advertised, branded or has colorful packaging. It is specifically engineered to lure you into addiction. They use sugar, sodium and manufactured fats to do so. BIG FOOD will make you hungry, keep you hungry & render you fat and sick.
I’m straight on a lot of shit
Mandatory Lucas Cavallini and Jonathan David appreciation tweet ELEVEN goals amongst both in #GoldCup2019 #HAIvCAN 
it’s the sun gleaming against your skin, it’s the look in your eye 
Remember when attacking people on the streets over political beliefs was a defining characteristic of fascism? I guess it's "anti-fascist" now, somehow
thinking about kyungsoo attending concerts and how he does his own ticketing kyungsoo did at gummy's concert and now i know he did it hinself also at park hyoshin's concert. what a fanboy
ever notice how there's always a teary eyes denouement every time a alt-right provocateur gets their shit rocked at a protest
The only fireworks Mumford Walmart 
Last time we checked, it doesn’t say “Moms Meekly Request Action.” And that’s why it works!
GUD MRNG ONE N ALL FRNDS HPPY SUNDAY 

ROUND 2 BABY! @khalifayote WE GONNA GET  – at Number Nine
God I feel a bad for all my APGOV kids in about 5  …
DRATINI & DRAGONAIR ARE IN MY HOME HARRASSING MY 
#FaithsAngels Lets just #SayIt like it is, Bernie Sanders supports murdering babies !! In January 2018, he voted against a bill to ban late-term abortions — a bill that would have saved as many as 18,000 unborn babies from abortions every  …
What the fuck is wrong with men?? #maleviolence  …
AOC they are illegal. Plain and simple. Deport the motherfu**ers. You are a 1 term wonder. #AOCStupidity
FINAL: Manitoba 3, Alberta 1 Manitoba moves onto the championship game on Sunday morning following a great performance by G Jake Windbiel, who made 26 of 27 
I’m not getting the attention i deserve rn ):
I will always love you @PKessel81 You are a nice guy, you try hard, and love the game....and a two time Stanley Cup Champion.
As a momentary respite from powerful white men verbosely expounding their opinions, good morning from my house, which is actually not a house, it's a 
I know I’m getting old because someone attending my neighbors bbq parked in my parking spot and I considered writing to the town about this atrocity
It tends to be the kindest, most caring people who hide the saddest stories of their past
MEMENTO MORİİİ
Me when I finally get to see my sisters after a long summer without  …
Pedro Strop didn't hide his feelings about Yasiel 
Marianne Williamson is worse than clueless about this crucial reality: While noting that “power without love is reckless and abusive,” Martin Luther King Jr. pointed out that “love without power is sentimental and anemic.”  #williamson2020 #Williamson
The #BobbyDebargeStory is starting shortly on @tvonetv! Who’s tuning in?
The only good reason to throw a milkshake at someone if he’s naked in a hotel room and I’ve paid you two hundred dollars.
We cannot escape sadness. We may laugh but still, sad inside. -
I wanna go to a rooftop bar
Only a low brow, insecure racist would attack an intelligent woman of color running for President of the United States. @KamalaHarris certainly has better ethical standards than the spoiled rich son of a 5x Draft Dodger #Veterans  …
bryson tiller daughter going to see ariana 
Finally we hit the 2000 followers milestone, thank you everyone who takes time to follow us your #Amazin even better we pass 2k during the #LondonSeries and the @Mets 1969 50th Anniversary celebration 
If we're friends, like this tweet. I want to do something special for everyone
Trump’s mother was not born in America dummy.
Kat just looks super nervous at all times. 
today on stupid things we went through with this fandom: the time when some ppl thought dw bullied  …
*sad tender  …
Can the song that Seokjin promised will be produce by Yoongi gets release as soon as possible? Seokjin's tone in So Far Away is probably my fave... He sounds so angelic and ethereal, soft yet 
We out here eating like kings 
┏┓┏┓ ┃┗┛ คρρy ┃┏┓┃ Saturday ┗┛┗┛ ☆ (/❛o❛)/ ☆ ╔══╗╔═╗ ╚╗╔╩╣╬║ ─║║╬║╔╝ ─╚╩═╩╝ #PRINCESSE 
Congrats to Marcus Sheffield @schoolyy_ he just graduated from @Stanford University. He’s a great example to all student athletes!! He had a great basketball career, but he left with the most important thing a degree!! 
Not going to lie, I’m a Stranger Things fan. Excited for Season 3 in a few days! I also love the 1980s. So here’s an 80s  from almost 3 years ago. : by Antrage (over on 
I want you to join me. As I dominate the world. Lay at my feet, bring tribute And you will be well 
Your Hips are definitely lying  …
I know we’re gonna get back together
I thought the terrible twos was just something people made up. It’s real. She’s living out her terrible twos 
i definitely believe in right person, wrong time
I can’t wait to read the Harry Potter books someday
scariest things to exist on this earth: 1. antonio because she’s a baddie
I’ve seen some pretty wild things throughout my career, but what @GregBeast32 did today was remarkable. Roll 
The new updates to @Flipgrid are mind blowing As a former math teacher I’m SO excited about the whiteboard built into the Shorts camera. #gamechanger for sure!! I also the video transcription & new #accessibility features!! #FlipgridFever #EMSProud #MIEExpert  …
After relentlessly baiting the men on the subway by wearing a skirt that stopped above the knee...
@PSA_National @ChooseWiselyAU  #nohomeopathy 
Please be aware that you can like the trade but also be sad that Phil is leaving
Support The Nathaniel  …
Ok but @LanaParrilla latest ig story is literally what I mean with this 
Trump sells out American security. This is like a Hollywood movie no one would believe. Trump Bows to Xi Jinping&#39;s Huawei Demands at G20  … via @thedailybeast
Fangirling must be FUN. If others try to show you otherwise, We’re not part of the others. Join LNU and let’s have fun as we work together for the success of our #LoiNie. We’re just a DM away. pls touch base. Just DM, @LoinieRobredo, @Jaajaliangco, @iamGianIsaiah or @LoinieWorld
if we work together maybe we can identify the photographer and ask her to show us the pics promising we won’t show anyone else 
D-01 until Private First Class Lee Jong Hyun's promotion to Corporal! We're rooting for you! Please always be safe! Fighting! #SeasonsWithLeeJongHyun #LeeJongHyun #EagleLeeJ #Waiting4CNBLUE #Support4CNBLUE @cnbluegt @FNC_ENT 
I can’t believe JJ is still here... he literally dismantled the winning team? Wow
It’s obviously time for my periodic reminder that all one must do to be blocked immediately by me is be a MAGA freak. I will not engage you at all, ever.
god i hate male 
geri, mortine's stupid mom: i just dont see the problem with saying all lives matter
Part of me wants to give Were a boyfriend (fictional) But the other part of me is like Let's save it for when I find my beloved in the future again SUCH A DILEMMA
i would much rather be single than mistreated + unappreciated
FT- @clachfc 0 v 2 @ICTFC pre season friendly, grant street #Inverness @breedongroup @highlandleague @fitbanorth @ScottishFitball @SHFLfb @BBCSpors @PandJSport @oriongroup #highlandleague @yfs 
I mean... I'm sure it will all work out for @MattJackson13. It's not like @KennyOmegamanX could have blown ALL of the #FyterFest money, right? ...right?   
Had to show a pussy bitch I been that and bitch I’m still is 
There is a name for those like you:The ruling class. What an ugly bunch of entitled human excrement that you all are. Not surprised to see pro ruling class, wannabe be a part of it "Labour" wastrels rubbing wallets with you Tories. Deselection now.
That's good that you quit I'm going on twenty-five years of partaking
He been like that fam check the HS  …
I don’t love anyone on this earth as much as i love my dad me and that man have such a bond it’s unreal
and it's has nothing to do with someone being an "experiment" I just like who I like. If the vibe is there I'm going with it
My first CCP concert with Madz 
I miss having those specific days in the week where I’d look forward to doing something.
Had a great  at 7v7 with my guys on Friday! @palmerridgefb @LindseySquints 
Cowards in masks.
anyone wanna chill ina party?
Who knew?  …
am i the only one who’s actually kinda getting annoyed that whenever chaewon posts a pic, most of  felix chu chu LIKE DAMN WE KNOW SHE LOOKS LIKE HIM, YOU DON’T HAVE TO SAY IT A LOT OF TIMES , WE GET IT BRO. i know some of y’all might get offended and i’m srry :<
any girls wanna swap some spit
Kenny Atkinson might be the coach Kyrie has been in search of his whole career. He’s gunna play fast, loose, and let threes fly It’s going to be a lot of fun
And despite always having been on the aggressive end of the surgical spectrum, there are definitely times when I perceive surgery is harmful, & decline - the infamous “feeding tube in dying pt” consult, for example.
Who should we summon? President Garfield? He died at the Jersey shore, and he’s probably pretty pissed off these days
why do I always look the cutest after I finish crying
Good Afternoon everyone. Happy Saturday night! I will followback and help unite all MAGA. We must stick together and  stronger together.  and friends go but a true friend sticks by you like family” Proverbs 18 24 “Together we make a 
Using an acoustic device, scientists estimated that 9 to 47 barrels, or about 380 to 1,900 gallons, of oil are leaking daily. Another device called a bubblometer put that estimate at 19 to 108 barrels, or about 800 to 4,500 gallons, a  …
NEVER MENTION GOOD NEWS UNTIL IT’S SOLIDIFIED!!! My Jr year of high school, 1 of my classmates tweeted about a job interview she had..I seen that, applied for the same job, and I ended up getting the job and she didn’t. ..moral of the story,keep your mouth shut until it’s DONE
Just in time for summer, here are 8 foolproof retinol serums that will brighten, clear, and smooth 
190630 - 3rd Blue Carpet #차준호 (2)  …  
+ he is really their new manager and this is not a joke I know HE HAS THE LOOK  …
Biltong is one of the greatest tasting foods on the planet. If you’ve never had it, you’re missing out. It is FAR superior to 
it's really happening i'm 
I was a bridesmaid today 
Jeon has that something that makes you feel "this guy is going to be great". I mean, there are a lot of handsome guys in the Kpop but the Maknae really stands 
Mans a year older God bless my new age don’t forget say a prayer 
End of an 
Anyone else really bad for impulse buys? The shops totally reel me in with their retail psychology! I walk in & I'm like oh my god yes! I need a cool box & an inflatable chair! It  my life! It will solve my problems! 
Crackhead mode: 
Don't go to Portland. It's not safe.
love u!!!!!! i love 
Cardib posted a guy singing @imtreety_ song... let’s go sis 
Glastonbury. Giddy up or giddy out. @Glastonbury Festival  …
Brilliant day with the @SamuraiRugby boys down in Ealing. Great to win the national  with a great bunch of boys. Also so good to link up with @MikeFriday09 again. #WinnerWinnerChickenDinner #rugby 
The Mayor needs to be sued. The city is definitely getting sued. The police need to arrest these assaulters. This is not okay
Right on 
These alcohol otter pops are 
7:57 pm. Severe T'storm Warning ended for Ottawa. #ottnews #ottweather #ONStorm ... Whew!
Questions for @RepAdamSchiff and @RepJerryNadler to ask Mueller on July 17: By March 2018 you had drafted a 3-count indictment against Trump PLUS a brief arguing why he COULD be indicted. Why did you change your mind? Did someone above you prevent that indictment? If so, who?
This is  …
30 June 1968. First flight of the Lockheed C-5A Galaxy, 66-8303, US military transport aircraft designed to provide strategic heavy airlift over intercontinental distances and to carry outsize and oversize 
And that's how the fight started. Good going, John.
I'm allowed to change my mind just like you're allowed to fix the way you do your brows - our aunty @jackieaina
It’s a boyyyy guys  our blessing GRE’CIER I can’t wait to meet my lil athlete 
Man I just found this sick ass underground indie band, they’re called Tame Impala (don’t tell anyone pls)
Trade cityscapes for landscapes in San Francisco. Which port are you most excited to explore on your West Coast journey? : Muir Forest  
Don’t forget we’re meeting tonight! Send us a message if you’d like to join or if you can’t make it, but would like to contribute, you can flick us a few dollars here (tiny donations make a big difference):   …
Sophisticated 
Israeli soldiers who killed a 15-year-old Palestinian boy in May were not in "mortal danger, or in fact of any danger at 
, me, in my , natural habitat , 
She destroyed her like goal so here she is: Huge Roxanne de Desir #Anime #Thicc #Waifu #巨乳化MOD (300 likes = even more size) 
If i had a synthesizer you all be fucked
If I recall Tapper and Maddow were on the list from Atomwaffen; which means he’s literally defending the right of a terrorist group to have an outlet that actively called for his death
I forgot “100 on the dash” and “swerve”
Donnie you’re the worst POTUS in history. You’ll never be the human being Jimmy Carter is. Trump responds to Jimmy  that he 'was put into office because the Russians  …
watch w/ sound on (this is my boyfriend’s time ever wakeboarding 
If you've witnessed the Portland cops doing the job they're supposed to do, please send us the  …
“He had some problems when he was young,” says Shaq.  …
The dismissive look on Christine Lagarde’s face is the 
I know I’m bi, but I’m still very gay.
I think my favorite part of this sentiment is that book 2 was done by the time book 1 came out so. It was much too late. I can’t hear  …
Absolutely astonishing level of cringe,  …
When you hear the FOAM TOUR is hosted by @EntFedz @intlroadrunners @mvptakeover JULY 5th baybeeee Tickets in @jaylonpickett and 
so i did this thing lol. it’s not exactly the same but a sis tried :) - : my sister lisa (also thanks for driving me all the way over 
Hey #auspol how much $$$do we have to pay out in #frankingcredits every day? Just a big fat extra tax we pay out to the "top end of town" where the wealthy retirees live.
Placed T3 at the @_G4MA_ with my team @BTlLLA @PG_JLiquido @LEGlTZ @DanBlisss Really proud of the boys and so grateful for how much @PG_LimitLess, @MissJigglyPufff and @XeroDesignz did for us. Proud to be in @PercussionGG
Dang life is too precious. Seeing all these young ones I knew going too soon. It’s crazy. RestInLoveSialeHeleta
White people love the Cupid Shuffle
Esskeetit is now live!  
Life lessons I learnt from an amusement park ( a thread 
BUT MY LIPS ARE BLUE 
When Phil Kessel walks into @portilloshotdog in 
It all trickles down. Our large  @Disney for example, are nothing more than traffickers. You ever wonder why Disney stars have such issues as young adults?! Look no further than @bellathorne. She’s TELLING you the story/reason. They procure kids, they allow
Happy Birthday @CherylOfficial May all your dreams and  true and may your day be as wonderful as you. Love @allontheboard #HappyBirthdayCheryl #HappyBirthday #Cheryl #birthdaygirl #Chezza #bestwishes #love #allontheboard 
An @nytimes article on the now nearly forgotten Conficker worm. It claims to be based on a classified report. It's okayish, though it has some amazing howlers, like the claim that RC4 is one of the most sophisticated encryption algorithms in  …
Pittsburgh got - out of Kessel's contract (3x$6.8M) - a quality winger in Galchenyuk - who has a cheaper, shorter deal (1x$4.9M) - a 23rd overall pick from two years ago (Joseph, a D) - yeah, a good deal here
So the immigrants just need to buy tickets? DEAL! @SpeakerPelosi, we solved immigration!
here's another process gif from rough > line + highlights/shadows > colour > 
“After which, we will bury it in a file cabinet for which only the Portland Mayor @tedwheeler has a key. He uses the reports for toilet paper we hear....”
Ion need no weirdo ass hoes around MY baby when I give birth. Fuck a hospital fr. I will not be giving birth on my back, backwards asf. I don't want nobody that doesn't care about my wellbeing around me.
Galchenyuk is up after next season. Pens save close to $2 million in 2019-20, then get the flexibility to do whatever way earlier than they would have with Phil. And, hey, could just re-sign Galchenyuk.
if i had a dollar for every time a kid came off stage and said “that was so bad” id be rich
I’m no 
❥New Jordyn Woods ❥Bi ❥Literate/Descriptive ❥Selective ❥ No 1-liners ❥ Non-dating ❥Looking for mains and interactions ♡ & 
Let's speak the truth: @KamalaHarris racist attacks= Obama birther 2.0 and Hillary strong woman 2.0. Full stop.
Billy said 
Bernie Sanders got 
Starting? The antifacists fascists are already in their third season
you'd be surprised at how fast your productivity scales when you consciously invest in taking a break #gogetters. with your family. friends. loved ones.  back feeling refreshed, excited, and invigorated to take on more work with more ease. retweet if you take breaks?
I don't like labels lol if I feel like I wanna eat pussy Ima eat pussy if I feel like I wanna suck dick Ima do that. If I wanna fuck with someone who is trans, etc I'll do that. I like who I like.
ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS DAW. CONFIRMED CS IS NOT ENGINEERING
so I made this a month ago when I was coping with the idea of a Kessel trade, here you go. I can't watch it right now, but maybe you can. I hope you are so, so happy in your new home, bud. I will miss you so 
if anyone can give me one plausible explanation for why steve left bucky ill shut up i swear someone help me make sense of it
good morning to this sunshine ᶦ ᵐᶦˢˢ ʸᵒᵘ 
do you ever just drive for a long time while on your phone and remembering not looking up once and wonder how you got from point a to point b....
get you friends that wanna cruise towards the sunset and park on a country road to watch it go down
Hide your hotdogs, cause this absolute unit  to 
like if we got the best/cheapest batteries then Tesla should be first to bring an economically viable long-range plane or jet to market, right?
ima still post even tho y’all don’t fwm 
So what? She attacked his record and that is *exactly* wha she's supposed to do. It's the goddamn primary dude. Her job is to win the nomination, not make white people feel less squishy about Biden's votes, specches, letters & fawning over racists. Please. Grow up.
tryna say you're gonna make a video bc teenagers are being mean to you. I 
Single mom or whateva 
sis you do know they are dating irl too 
The afternoon snooze started on the sofa 
RANPO — ENTP • thrives on the process of shredding arguments & beliefs • strengths - quick thinkers - excellent brainstormers - energetic • weakness - argumentative - can find it difficult to focus -  types best: INFJ | INTJ worst: ESFJ | 
Ugh I love intellectual people. Their minds and the way they think a turn on
Then Paul left Blake got traded and he was stuck there
Wayne Auton, managing director of the #NASCAR Xfinity Series, says race damage was not a factor in ⁦ @CBellRacing⁩’s ⁦ @JoeGibbsRacing⁩ car failing inspection after the 
Payoff pitch? Cash in. 
Gee I wonder how they learned to do that?? GD START!! Impeachment hearings now!!! @SpeakerPelosi  …
The same reason journalists refer to somebody who was a police officer for several months 40 years ago as a "former police officer" whenever they write about  …
#fuckboiweekly STREAM PHASES 
Made day 2 of #SCGPITT at 7-2. Some really close matches now that we don't have amulet to carry us. Crew still gas
Meet MiMi, a friendly mimic adventurer who's going to try her best! #screenshotsaturday #gamedev #indiedev 
I can’t say no to pastelitos ever
Who else is early riser even on weekends similar to me? 
 to the wagon @PKessel81.
That was smooth Jin that was smooth
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. Please 
Now that those impotent, right wing dum-dums have fucked off back to Vancouver, let's concentrate on the important stuff:  …
Some things should never be up for debate because they are as clear as night and day
26 Oct 1984 – “You find the weirdest things when you open old game boxes—like this note from the late Fred Helfferich, then-editor of F&M, about the impending sale of the magazine. Almost 35 years ago...” – 29 June 2019 by Bruce Geryk - @SpaceRumsfeld #rbmstudiollc 
Piers, I honestly don't know whether you are an asshole or not, but here is a clear instance of you behaving like one. Okay, now hurl some  less-than-relevant insult about my career, which will also turn out to be provably wrong. Looking forward to  …
I don’t even have time to be sad lmao
Dual exhaust, but it’s just me burping and farting at the exact same time.
I’ve still never touched alcohol in my life 
Alex Galchenyuk’s career high in points is 56. Phil Kessel’s lowest point total in his four seasons in Pittsburgh was 59. Galchenyuk also not noted as a stellar defensive player.
Let them do what they want as long as “we the people don’t have to pay for it!(outside California)US CITIZENS need insurance but out political idiots in Washington won’t work with our President!Some d’s have taken a military jet to theNetherlands to give speeches!played again!
My rule of thumb if I can’t find an expiration date on something: Do I remember buying it? If not, out it goes. Sure, that gets me in trouble sometimes, but statistically speaking, I’ve probably saved a lot of lives, too.
wanna see you bust down pick it up, now break that shit down speed it up, then slow that shit down 
I give too much to settle for less
CONGRATS to Charles Vess, @MaryRobinette @BBolander @marthawells1 @RoanhorseBex and ALL of this year's @locusmag Award  …
Second best  to meeting The Jbeen? Celebrating The 
Lord. Dumbo thinks we are talking about standing on the corner waiting for the neighborhood school bus.
No American should be forced to subsidize abortion through their tax dollars. The Hyde Amendment protects the religious liberty of those who consider abortion barbaric @SenGillibrand.  …

more than a game. #ZH16 @Zackhare 
Romans 13:4
Those new girls on stage have more personality than Allure.
So many choices tonight. Encore episodes of both #48hours and #Dateline and channels showing both #MarvelStudios and  
Damn I miss  …
Always had problems with letting go but it's  my favorite thing. I don't even ask questions lately. Oh you don't fuck my awesomeness? Peace!
#Dia30Ultimato good 
Terrorist organization, Antifa, Strikes.
After 15 days without my Topirimate for my PTSD due to Trump's cuts, I finally got it today. But after I took kit, I went out and I was shaking uncontrollably and was so paranoid I couldn't look at anyone without fear of being attacked. I had to hurry home. Not good
I IDENTIFY  …
All the way down the field! @sehlinger3 gets it 
wallpapers + header • 
This made my eyes well up and my sinuses 
Peekaboo I see something new. 
lashes  my life 
Stop doubling your 
Oh no, what will Bernie do without the vote of Meghan McCain's bff?? 
People don’t forget tomorrow’s deadline to send proposals for the 2019 ALAHPE conference in Curitiba  … @Societies_HET @rehpere @DivDecEcon  
#원호 190629 party time 
you are a despicable liar
Wow what a great show, how nice. Love this bit. Really brings me in as a wrestling fan and a woman. Keep it going guys
Netball mum avoids jail after stealing hundreds of thousands from Aboriginal Co-op | The Courier Steals $330 000 and gets saved from gaol. Aboriginal ppl only need steal food. But hey.  …
June 30, 2009 turned everything upside down, which you thought you knew about live concerts. Happy 10th anniversary #U2360 Tour, Happy 10th anniversary 'The Claw' #U2 (photo: Hans for @u2tour.de) Thank you for letting us in the sound @u2  
We were living in an almost 100 year old house. My youngest told me that the old lady in the kitchen needed help with the icebox. My two daughters and I were the only ones there.
complicated feelings, i suppose. don’t think it needed to happen, understand why it did, wish that man the absolute best in Arizona
The older I get the more I think bad teaching is a sin.
does this man even age? Rami looks like a boy who just turned 28 
This is the kind of energy I need more of in my 
I have to get a wheelchair taxi home from Colchester every time because my home station isn’t accessible on one said. I don’t enjoy any of this. I’m trying to live my life, enjoy dates with my boyfriend, create an impact on  and work hard. I’m so tired of this.
I wanna be loved on...
#OurLoveJinhwan your members really look up to you, and so do millions of ikonics. you've been doing amazing, and im sure the world has great things planned for you in the 
I need to move on, you’re in my way.
Mad love to the 
1/3. Analogy experiment: lowering interest rates is like eating carbs. The more you do it, the more you crave for it. A never-ending nasty dependence.
Iconic
daily posts went up on my onlyfans and it is 25% off for the next 5 people who follow, youll want it for tomorrow’s posts 
The stages you go through after a fight are so weird
Wanna piss your nigga off look at his hairline and ask “why it look like that “
Whenever you fall in love everything around you looks colorful
kihyun hyungwon and minhyuk got ~jealous after showho’s solo stage and they gave us a part 2 of theirs and minhyuk got sUPER SHY AND DARTED OFF THE STAGE 
Biden is not the blacks' enemy. He's been the strongest support for all equality. But out of the 20 debate candidates, he sure looks like it now. Thanks Kamala.
LOL the Fyre Fest jokes are killing me. #FyterFest
ursula simply wasnt a nigga
Carol City, FL 
No laws, when youre drinking claws
Nala is self conscious about her fluff , like / retweet if you think she’s beautiful just how she 
prime day artwork 
pcb = the powerpuff 
Overall shorts are my new fav Live now with Gang Beasts Tournament! Yeet or be Yeeted  
Watch the interview with Weini below and then watch her run in the 3000m Sunday afternoon at 3:05 p.m. in the #PreClassic live on NBC.  …
piercings and tattoos are a  and by deadly I mean really attractive
Christians are called to get deadly serious about the things of Jesus.
A wise friend who understood SunTzu once said to me... If you try to fuck me I will reach out to you and try help you understand why I am not your enemy. I will do everything in my power to give you the chance to avoid forcing me to fuck you back. Trolls pls open your minds.
Guys...I have had vodka. I shouldn't talk to you. You're all too tempting!!
Dororo (2019) [needs to be on everyone’s 
Thanks to the ever helpful & kind @InsidersABC production team at @abcadelaide for their 
Here's the GoFundMe link for Andy 
putting this on the tl cause I haven’t seen enough seokjin content 
please take a moment of your day to appreciate kim dahyun's vocals 
11 months with my love 
I wasn’t hiding my kid from the world, I was hiding the world from my kid. Y’all meet Kyrie Lee Morales. for y’all that didn’t know and for the ones that did thank you for all the support 
Top 3 dumbest thing I've seen on stan twitter this week; 1.That white girl debuting 2.Ppl not supporting poc idols while praising tf out of white idols 3.Loona getting dragged for imitating birds
The snow-covered mountains in west Sichuan Province of 
girls are so fucking hot i want to fuck every single one till they’re screaming & crying from overstimulation
A murder suspect slashed his own throat in court after yelling, ‘I curse you  …
Yeeeoooo we hit 2.9k follows let’s gooo road to 3k soon!
First it was milkshakes, now it's quick dry cement. What do you think is  …
Lamelo Ball is the Best Player in the WORLD Under 18 Years 
My husband surprised me with the most amazing gift for our 12th anniversary; all of the drink coasters I’ve collected from “Off The Record” at the @HayAdamsHotel in Washington DC, custom framed. Yes, I cried a little 
Me on fangraphs trying to think of a way to prove that Bryan Reynolds is better than Mike 
Bill Bragg, one of the deep voices who said 'Howdy, folks' as Big Tex, dies at 
We can all do something simple to make this world a better place, it doesn't take much. Try planting a few flowers outside your home, or on waste ground and each flower will spread smiles and sunshine @night_yo @SandraJ58252312 @proud_mukiga #PSMyFollows
Parts shortages Repair shop delays Autopilot vision fail Insurance costs Repair costs All in one story. Because the owner lives in Kazakhstan. No, kidding, the second biggest sales state, Texas  …
It was good to see one of my favorite alum (Charlotte Terry) today at FSWSC. I appreciate she took time  out and support #TeamDupree today. #ThunderFam 
#Bapuji is framed in fake case becoz  stopped the conversion in rural area .. #Missionaries are behind this conspiracy 
Suarez 
Part two of Sam  in the pro day simulation 
her eyes r so sparkly 
i just found out that the inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died...
to the girls who don’t have strict parents: what’s it like having that much power ?
Stop letting people sell you dreams. If they’re serious they’ll do anything to prove they’re all about it. Apparently some of these guys don’t even tell their parents about their partner &  back saying that “their parents didn’t approve of you”
Day 180. Sometimes I remember I love calligraphy. Today was such as day. I also wanted to try out these little 
. @JaeMasino seriously persisted on her first day of door knocking with #NVertheless despite one tough contact. Let’s show Jae some love & gratitude! #DreamBigKnockHard
“Where you feel most resistant is where you have to be the most engaged”  …
I, for one, am ecstatic the Rangers don’t have to face Phil Kessel four times a year anymore
live look of me using pride month to remind the  that being bi is valid and to bring up the fact that the  has a bad habit of 
The morning after a long night awaiting a Viet Cong ambush that never came. 40 miles East of Saigon, Vietnam, 
“I decided to wear a #hijab when I was a freshmen in college. I love dressing up myself and thinking about how my hijab will go with my outfit. I realized that hijab is’t just a fabric. It's something that covers the value of muslimah.” - Yaoharoh, 
If Popeyes ain't got no $5 box, we ain't got shit to talk about.
So desappointed with Deadly Class's destiny. @netflix, @PopTV, @hulu, all of you can to change this. #SaveDeadlyClass 
I've been grinning like an idiot all morning! Pro  is all I've ever wanted to do and last night I got to do it on the biggest stage of all. Now onto Sydney for another stacked #NJPW card 
It’s a special night for Mark & Donna Chanson, who just found out that the @Cardinals signed @WitkowskiJohn! Now all 3 ‘Hearts who lived with the Chansons- including Jacob Stevens of @BCBirdBall & @davidMnoworyta of @HawaiiBaseball - have  professional baseball 
Woollim boys stans: Omg hwangcha and changsom!! ♡ Woollim boys: 
Why is being gay the only religious “crime” that parents can disown their kids from and it’s just considered normal. Adultery is in the Bible punishable by stoning but you never see parents disowning their kid cause they cheated on someone. Y’all homophones don’t make sense.
Some fashy dipshits are now qting this as some kind of proof that "antifa hates beauty" now. The fucking irony. Who burned books and labeled art degenerate ya Nazi assholes?
MAD SCIENTIST'S ENDURANCE EXPERIMENT #BONDAGE #clips4sale  via @clips4sale @LunaDawnfetish suffers 
this baby is the light of my 
If only we had one-party control of the Statehouse...oh,  …
Love seeing my kiddos over the summer! Miss these kids, love these 
We must do a better job caring for African American patients, from birth to death. Check out my latest Op Ed in the @nytopinion  …. #PalliativeCare #eolconveyorbelt #extremis #extrememeasures
nobody at all: 
Leave us alone!!! Wattpad messed us up
Officers remain on scene with @LondonFire following a fire at a tyre shop in Lansbury Drive j/w Balmoral Drive. Residents who have been evacuated from their homes are being assisted by @Hillingdon . One person found suffering from minor injuries. Road closures are in place.
Another diversionary tactic from Carpio, trying to cover their blunder and putting the blame on this government.  
shall I get these? er 
years without you. tragedy won't define you. forever, so we will always remember 
Kyoka Bad Black!!! 
West Tx San Antonio Riverwalk Austin Tx Rest Area in Hill County 
we didn't think chicaghoes would go over very well but anyways stan lee pace 
Locals in bed: n*t in me bby Gardeners: please plant your seeds in my garden DND Players: cast thy spell upon my crops, m'lord Teachers: put that D in my grade book Mathematicians: plug that Y in my equation so we can do some... multiplication
Sponsored by Lindbergh Baby Baby Food!
I don’t know the last time I was this happy with a match that wasn’t a total blowaway. They did a fantastic job introducing Private Party to the masses. #FyterFest
Three-time Hugo winning author here: Call it "science fiction" or "SF" or "sci fi," or even "skiffy" if you want, there's no law barring you from calling it whatever you like. Especially if you buy it, appreciate it, and share it with your friends and others.
Y’all don’t understand how much I love my friends... the few I have are so pure and genuine
Robby makes Kamara look like a fool. No surprises here.  …
The Orioles have a winning record since this article got  …
Hahahaha yes Gordon mate
I can see Kells whisper to the girl “Are you frightened?” when he’s hugging her. I love how his priority at the moment was how the child was feeling, checking up on her. He’s a good man. Sweetie Kells. 
. @paulwallbaby is on stage right now - performing a few songs then is expected to make some remarks about his support for @BetoORourke 
#SummerOnSet ... Poitier, Curtis, Davis, Lemmon. On the Goldwyn Studios lot, 1959. by Phil Stern 
Boba part one. Made possible by ko-fi donations. 
Wait a second! I thought *I* was the parody account!
A picture is worth a thousand parking studies. #parking #bikes #vc19 #VeloCity2019 
#ReligionPoisonsEverything Any other people doing this to a child under any other circumstance, there wouldn't be a question of legal sanction. It's beyond ludicrous that the addition of 'religious practice' separates this out.
She wants votes from Germany #survivor2019 
MLB debut. Job well done, @ChrisMazza10. 
If somebody were to gather all the bottles from chn trash shoot this would be  …
girls can't find their hair ties but they know what you said 7 months ago at 6:40pm
This  …
just a reminder that the movement of banning plastic straws is super surface level (it only makes up 0.025% of ocean pollution) and we need to organize & put our energy into the actual root causes... the U.S military 
With one of the greatest golfers of all time @TomWatsonPGA at the #USSeniorOpen at 
is this the most desperate reframing attempt 
When I went to the bar this evening, @SenatorMuth had 11,400 followers. She's now closing in on 14,000 followers. Her persistence reading a letter by someone whose life was saved by general assistance, while @JakeCorman shrieking to silence her, has given us a messaging bazooka.
Picked up some extra #pediatrics time to help a buddy out and was rewarded with the traditional souvenir of my very own URI.
[watching Toy Story] “This is an uplifting story of friendship, teamwork, and dedication” [watching Toy Story 4] “Damnnnn Bo Peep thicccc”
The stage is set. Who you got? 
I’m giving so much free game with my vlog it’s crazy . You’ll be able to literally build an entire business . PDFs, How to, vendor & freelancer contacts etc All you’ll need to do is add your own branding & hard work I’m like 96% certain this’ll make anybody atleast 1k/month
step by step 
do you know how much money I’ve saved by filling up water cups with fountain soda???
My goal for this summer is to read as many of the books I’ve purchased recently as possible.
#SweetCaroline is trending and I’m choosing to believe it’s because of my sweet 
The team I  …
“Bet on 
Delgado begs to differ  …
For hardcore cat lovers... See more of Eldar Zakirov's #ArtStationPrints:  
Both
Live NOW w/ @MELOD1P talking all things hoops & playing #NBA2K19. You’re not going to want to miss this. Come watch @caffeine  
Sneak peek of tomorrow’s episode! #Fairygone @PAWORKS_eng @iantweeting @jillybeannomnom @soymilkpudding @maioceaneyes  …
Sometimes I grab my boobs... Because, well, I can... HAH!!!
Can this guy call every #Yankees game? He’s f’n fantastic.  …
my niece and i are so 
If you see me moving mad for the next few hours then mind your own damn business
said she love me, don't believe 
When you end your Major League debut with a strikeout Mazza's line in his long relief appearance: 4 IP, 5 H, 1 ER, 0 BB, 2 
I know our wage structure is a mess but when I see United offering 250k to Rashford, feel better about our situation.
Sweetener — #1's on iTunes: no tears left to cry — 93 God is a woman — 60 the light  — 31 breathin — 30 Sweetener — 100 Total — 314 
Phil Kessel was one of the main reasons the penguins won back to back cups. It couldn’t have been done without him. Thank you for all of your time here. 
pop up, guess who bitch. 
I forgot he may have manipulated Mao into a state where he will fall asleep just by hearing Ritsu's singing voice by walking into Mao's house and programming Mao's sleep playlist to include an unnoticeable track of his singing
I hate brushing my teeth I wish we didn’t have to
190630 Blue Carpet Ceremony A thread of seungyoun preview #Choseungyoun #조승연
i literally just blinked 
This is a false statement. My school board has cancelled over 300 courses. 47% of all cancelled classes at the grade 12 level. You need to get the facts.
Frontier seats make it feel like you’re on a wooden roller coaster for 2 hours.
Excited to revisit this project now that I know better about the limitations of this fabric and have more to practice  …
. @Marlins manager applauds his ball club on their explosive 7th inning rally that drove in 6 runs. #JuntosMiami 
Team Canada returns to action on Sunday at 6:45 AM ET () against Mali ! Catch the action live on @FIBA YouTube or Facebook. 
sum japan pics 
. @TheBeautyRadar showing us her #kylieskin 
i will post a vid of myself polishing a knob if the gdq incentive for chrono trigger 100% gets met, go do it now, only mins left  …
Dear Ivanka, You are the coach’s kid who is in the starting lineup because of nepotism - not merit. Each world leader and power broker was silently scoffing at you. - A Worried  …
I love you so much 
forget all abt Longview  …
Adjustocene Warm the Present Cool the Past Create a false Warming Trend  …
more wild dogs cuz they cool 
Republicans start donating to Marianne Williamson to keep her in future Democratic debates  … via @usatoday
How y’all like my impulse 
This twitter worthy? Lmk 
im full of 
Let me ask you something. I post about the US government blatantly lying to us about food shortages and you change the subject. Are you afraid of the truth? Or what is it exactly? Wake up.
it’s funny how my friends are the prettiest people i know but are deadass crackheads LMFAOOOO shits insane honestly
My boys? Sexy  …
Anybody in the Hilton got a setup for tekken? trying to play…
Also, according to CJ, the woman's skirt was too short. Well done.
This video was took a year ago today n honestly was one of the maddest moments of my life. @TheSnuts shall shake the @TRNSMTfest main stage like nothing else. Here we go  …
Sometimes it’s just shocking to see how much someone can change once you’re out of their lives
i cant wait to travel the world
i talk to 1 person everyday & when im not talkin to em my phone be dry
Their body language is incredible. Clearly marginalizing Ivanka. Backs turned, no eye contact.
U GOT IT Team #한승우 #김요한 #김우석 #황윤성 #이은상 #차준호 #프로듀스X101 
The main  for #Penguins in Kessel deal was creating a little more cap space.
Cha Junho is the face of mnet, look at those news article about him  …
BREAKING: ANDREW YANG AND MARIANNE WILLIAMSON SAY THEIR MICS WERE OFF 
i think i’m handling this news 
haley and heather aren’t here to stop me from buying more 
What's your favorite organization in 
GGs and thank you to everyone who showed up at #G4MALAN today!! It was an incredible turn of events!! And your winners are: #JoburgDivas @_G4MA_ @PercussionGG These lads performed extraordinarily today!! What a day for #CoDZA!! #ExpectUs
Fall in love with taking care of yourself!. Respect to your own journey #TheFoodMusketeer #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha 
i will also fight all 18,000+ people at PPG Paints Arena if our sweet hot dog prince doesn’t get a proper  back in December
Who better to prosecute Trump for his criminal behavior than a prosecutor?
At the end of the day people really do disappoint you. It’s important to not keep that engery or give it back. Continue to be positive, selfless, and caring.
Indians are three outs away from  the first team in MLB history to be shutout by 13 runs or more in back-to-back games. #Indians
I would love help adding books requested by my students to my classroom library. Any retweets would be appreciated. @DonorsChoose @StanLevenson @Laura15Edwards @Edu_Excellence @BlueGiving @craignewmark I'd love your help to bring my project to  …
Dongpyo in blue carpet [ 2019 ] #프로듀스X101 #PRODUCE_X_101 #DONGPYO #DSP미디어 
Im older than billie eyelash wth.
Sorry, max, but he definitely is, based on his writing.
The Man of Steel shill inside of me can now rest easy at 
the right wing wants to have a monopoly on violence
Holy shit never tweet.
Is Phil Kessel going to wear Marian Hossa’s No. 81 in Arizona!?
anyone fucking horny or what
This must be investigated and immunity revoked, the lawyer reported to the Bar! @JudicialWatch Obama's DOJ Granted Immunity to #HillaryClinton's Lawyer Who Destroyed 33,000 Emails! @LindseyGrahamSC @RepMattGaetz @Jim_Jordan #SpyGate  …
but, also: LMAOOOOO
but yo @Point5xl another dude that be killin it on the ipad
By the way, William Contreras has caught two no-hitters in the space of two  …
They both  …
NDP: Access to Employment Insurance must be Improved: "It  unacceptable that  workers contribute substantially more than  workers & that they have less access to benefits than what they are supposed to receive."  … #NDP
can you tell who my bias is 
Me after I wash one 
Congrats to @21ddking on making his 200th professional appearance. #BandTogetherNSC  …
a gym full of ballers. Thankful for everyone who came to our Elite Camp. And a big thank you to my staff for our month of camps. They ROCK!
Garcia Marquez's 'One Hundred Years of Solitude' will  a Netflix series -  …
Dead at Chris Jamal  …
Chris Evans jumped off the stage during the panel because he saw a dog and had to pet it. #Relatable #ACEComicCon @ChrisEvans
Life is good 13. Thank yah for all my blissings and hard days. For I know that after the  . When the  EVERYTHING grows...
SHENANIGANS wow there's a lot of 
Lol at Brek Shea getting an assist for missing an open net. Gyasi Zardes approves.
Free speech, but only for speech I like.
By Captain 
short kings deserve rights this is 
my dad took these 
My sweet summer child 
Shes sooooooo much better at words than I am! Love you #Year1 #Repost @aerialmonroe • • • • • • A year ago we chose love and I'll continue to choose you without question and or pause. Happy Anniversary my love…  …
OKAY THIS IS THE SECOND VIDEO SO IT MEANS ALL TREASURE 13 MEMBERS BREATHE 
Beautiful, Never-Before-Seen Photos of New York City's 1977 #Pride March  …
Smelling like Sunday’s Best Rice and Peas. What a terrible time for us  …
I know I’m not the only person that doesn’t drink milk
Not sure he is a point guard but I would like him on my roster. 38% catch and shoot 3 point shooter over last 3 years. Good on pick and roll in Chicago bad in Orlando. Great body. 2nd unit guard with  …
I showed you Yamato please 
i can’t stop smiling at this. @juliamichaels i am so proud of you and how far  i won’t ever get tired of saying it. so much more  
 had many moving parts, including a CEO change & a major shift in the business model. @Rich_Barton eloquently explained why he  back, why  was shifting, why they were well positioned, & why he was excited by the opportunity. Stock up 20%.
Im 
I am powerful.
If I say “lol” to you twice in one text convo that means I’m about done. If you can see both without scrolling that means I’m not responding anymore.
So this happened to today... blessed to be having a boy 
PPS. Register folks who want  here. Require they work and pay taxes. Actual criminals (not those entering improperly, WTF, that's not even a crime you morons) could be arrested and deported. The rest? Let  Our economy will grow. We will prosper. Begin to heal.
who is going to the fun fair today? I want to see 
I love you Jonah. You wrote one of my favorite books. But are you sure about that? Here's the Attorney General of 
But : when you needed me , I was by your  …
So, I changed my schedule to work on Saturdays but was able to get out in time to catch my favorite vendor as he was packing up at the @nashcardshow and get four boxes of @topps stadium club. Just pulled this beauty out of the second box. 
#QueMeBaile got me like.. @iambeckyg meneo 
To add to that, Irish and Italian immigrants “assimilated” into white American culture by embracing anti-Blackness (looks at police force).
It will undoubtedly be special for Dave Hakstol to coach the Toronto Maple Leafs, his late father Ed's favorite team. Years ago, Hakstol told me about Saturday nights at the Hakstol household in Warburg.  …
Rare ability. #via Animals News & The Belgian Malinois 
He ejaculated and stood up. I was bloody, sticky. He opened the bedside drawer,gave me #200 for transportation. Told me I should give it a week and see the effect of his ‘prayer’. I was crying but told myself it was for a good reason. Never thought I’d give my virginity this way.
For anyone that is in  & more specifically investor relations, I highly  you listen to @zillow Q4-2018 earnings call as case study. It is perhaps the best delivered earnings releases I have ever heard.  …
Summary he had his way with me while i cried and screamed. Nobody came. Want to believe nobody heard. He kept whispering ” I own you, don’t be afraid. I own you”
Sam came back like  
I love when people get exposed on the internet.
Dexio and Sina matters in the anime as much as Zygarde does in 
NOT 
Not to brag but I can take a hot shower without scalding my penis first.
Fuck. I just need a girlfriend with a fulltime job who pays all my bills as I sit and play video games all day while being unemployed.
They are also 
And that’s a wrap! Thanks to our hosts @AaronRodgers12 @CP3 and the beautiful @BahaMarResorts for another amazing year of the 
Who wanna join guild? Should I make a grinders chat?
noisey didn't cover the new raconteurs album cycle at all but it's nice to feel  …
Penguins have sent Phil Kessel to Arizona in deal that will bring C/LW Alex Galchenyuk to Penguins. Galchenyuk, 25, is 6-1, 207 and had 19 goals and 22 assists in 72 games last season.
Instagram, I really don’t care who’s going live.
When You Get The Baton In The Lead And Hear “ Wooo Wooo Wooo  …
#PrayerTimes in #FazlMosque & #BaitulFutuhMosque London from Sunday 30th June 2019 are as follows: 4:00 FAJR 2:00 ZOHR 5:30 ASR 9:30 MAGHRIB 9:30 
WATCH: Jim Ned went on quite the ride Friday in the State 7-on-7 Tournament. 
Never forget  …
Can you hold my attention enough to keep me off my phone?
KAYLEE AND CARIS AT FALSETTOS A THREE PART MINI OPERA PART 
good afternoon i love jesse mccree
Thank you Governor Abbott! Your sincere attention to this matter is greatly appreciated! Let’s get our streets cleared of these sexual offenders & keep  safe for Texas women. God bless Texas! God bless you, Sir! @GregAbbott_TX @realDonaldTrump
We caught up with @CryptoKeish right after her #SeattleDevcon presentation. In her speech she gave mentions to @DenicioBernier @adatainment GenZod7 and Preston (from Telegram)! You’ll have to stay tuned for the video. #Cardano #Community 
can everyone stop calling scarlett scarjo- she doesnt like it dAMN
Thank you to everyone who cane and saw my fight and for all the support!, many more wins and belts 
#AcademicTwitter How many conferences / year do you attend? If u don’t mind, give a little context? Like: your field, dependents, career level, job, anything Asking for a friend who is an early career, 2 kids, soft job. #AcademicChatter #ecrchat #PhdChat #paleo #geology
Scientists Have Detected a Strange Connection Between Gamma Rays And 
Stan loona  a pride symbol is  …
Preach. When I decided to try freelancing while I was looking for work, the number of writers "off on their own" who said they got insurance through wives, or said they split housing costs with someone employed FT, or whatever should've been a red  …
Harley just covered suicidal. Harley has also been beat up by suicidal. This is interesting stuff.
Antifa are terrorists. When will journalists confront Democrat candidates and ask them if they support  …

Not either team. Just one team. And he might not be alone. 
13th Floor/Growing 
Tweet deleted as I had an old quote, apologies. This is @MrAndyNgo being roughed up by activists in Portland. I have yet to see a current statement from @tedwheeler. @PortlandPolice did earlier call cite this as an "unlawful assembly" and told ppl to disperse or risk  …
Happy birthday to the Dungeon Master himself! Thank you @matthewmercer for being so kind to us at MCM London! We hope we’ll have the chance to introduce you to more of our members next time you cross the pond! We wish you all the best and we love you a lot 
Your network @cnn defends these terrorists!! Right @donlemon ???
Thanks for the games @Halifax + @hambinooo - clip of the night w/ Hali below....PS he clutched the win and 98% of the views are from me  …
I might not be in the game any longer, but I’m still as close as you can get #OldHabitsDieHard 
Will any Republican ATTORNEY GENERAL protect anyone from fascist so-called  …
Chad 'I Don't Have a Racist Bone in My Body' McWriteswhite: She sounds so uneducated! Angie: I said what I 
The wild #Jetstream will get Wilder in next 20yrs. THERE'S NO TURNING BACK. Brainwashed #ExtinctionRebellion tools of globalist Mega- #Corps - who get a leg-up from #Glastonbury #5G sterility +spy ray promoters - are manipulated 2protest THE OPPOSITE OF CO2 WARMING FLAT  …
Watch how rich I 
You were silent for years about Antifa. You did not care when they attacked your political enemies. What a  …
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. ALWAYS my girl @madonna Today, tomorrow & always #madameX #nycpride2019 
Guns  – at Yogi Bear Jellystone Park
This was the scene about 5 mins ago in Mallorytown... 
My mother's side of the family is Gullah Geechee. If you haven't seen this film, watch it tonight if you can. The pacing and imagery feels like old family  to  …
Me in the dressing room making sure the outfit I’m trying on is built for my drunk  …
It’s not a selfie if someone else takes it #fakenews
BBC's article on Sergey Fedotov by Mark Urban is full of misinformation, inconsistencies and inventive propaganda writing. It was designed to prop up Mrs May anti-Russian propaganda while she was meeting with Putin. It did not work.  …
but yall arent ready to have this  …
Per my NBA free agency insider source: The Phillies suck
I made friends with a turtle 
2014-2018 Future was  …
The 2nd girl from the right is Adora (huge thanks to op and do NOT repost, I trust  …
I cried when Chuckie had no mom to dance 
That’s not just a  …
Red Pill News Saturday Night Livestream: Medical Kidnapping Case plus SG ...  … via @YouTube
Phil Kessel PK Subban being traded for less than they’re worth
@kylieskin and @kyliecosmetics summer collections are launching soooon who’s ready?
Praying tonight w/ Pastor Jose, who’s been in sanctuary here for 2 
Javy belts grand slam as Q, #Cubs blank Reds. Recap:  
That's Christine Lagarde, chairwoman of the International Monetary Fund. You know...someone who *should* be there
may the sacred flame guide us 
¡Saluden a nuestro nuevo líder de cuadranguares ! 
Can I just be a generic BotW fox 
The first time I went to a Pride month thing, I drank too much at a gay bar, then ended up following some folks to a dance club where instead of dancing, I ordered chicken wings, ate them, and left. Happy Pride, it was real.
Jimi Hendrix, 
How long has Schumer been in government? He had his chance to do something or say something about China, but he didn't. Now, he wants to micromanage and criticize the President at every step. No thank you. Trump spent the political capital when cowards like Schumer did nothing.
The Mayor supports police not interfering with someone being beaten? What?
LET’S  …
Found two magical creatures in the sand box today, should I keep them? 
to 6 months and 14 days of hair 
Idc how the media portrays Demi Lovato. That Bitch can SAAAAANNNG!! One of my favorite artists
Here’s a better photo for 
Odd, it seems unfortunate that chess champion kids can’t even get a visa. Wasn’t there a time when America reached out and wanted visitors like this, why would a trip to the US be so impossible for  …
World Health Organization drops its high-profile sponsorship of the EAT-Lancet diet | New Food  …
Christie- Did Nick tell you that he (Jack) was the one that confronted Kemi? Kat- No. I think I just misunderstood. For some reason, I was thinking Kemi said that he (Jack) approached Kemi #BB21
Y’all be having the baddest bitches but don’t wanna show them off and be treating them like they regular. I don’t get it lmao. , can someone explain why ?
Awful Wishing you a speedy recovery
Current 2nd in points with the @ASCoC, @AaronReutzel is looking for a strong night tonight 
woong just called me an untalented piece of trash and i said thank 
@realDonaldTrump @M45_138 @_LoveLike_JESUS @bbl58 @blacktulip966 @baalter @kbq225 @disgruntled_in @IamfollowingGod @krunalley TY4Meme Beware Evildoers...He Is God’s Servant 4 Good-If U Do Wrong-B Afraid-He Doesn’t Bear Sword In Vain But Carries Out God’s Wrath On 
Meanwhile Nerea:  
ATTENTION ALL AGGIES #NCAT it’s time to bring attention to one of our own! Help us retweet this to show @BET that they need @MxcMade on their team. It’s only right because that’s what Aggies Do! #NCAT22 #NCAT21 #NCAT23 #NCAT20 #AggieSuccessLeaders #AggiePride  …
Everyone should see this film.  …
No Garcia tonight in San Antonio, eh?  …
SOMEBODY ASKED ME WHY MY KID LOOKS SAD IN THIS PIC 
His first sns update after enlisting.. Not his handsome selfie.. Not even his goofy expression.. Just this 5 words.. But why am i crying? @LeeCS_BTOB i miss you.. This post makes me feels warm and emotional.. be healthy and it will be good if you can update more often.. 
BOMBSHELL: Obama Administration Gave Immunity to Clinton Lawyer Who Deleted 33,000  …
will Tesla ever sell  electric plane or your VTOL jet idea? long term investors are all Vcurious. of course it will be a while ... but is it on the roadmap??
My dick tastes like it was a good  …
Call me stupid but I’m not a fan of the rami suit I don’t know, there’s something I just do not like about 
I like Warped Tour
Exploring semenawa during private tuition at #KinbakuOdyssey Studio with SwipMyFlitch (Fet). Shibari by: ApollosPursuit(Fet) and me. Photo: ApollosPursuit(Fet). DM if you are interested in learning shibari with 
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with symptoms of anxiety and depression, and vitamin D supplement treatment can improve mood   …
im at the gallery nucleus spidey man event and they gave us free ice 
TUNE IN NOW WITH US AND SUPPORT the #BobbyDeBargeStory on 
Alexa, show me a picture summing up my teenage  …
Field-level at @headdturnerr keeping this one scoreless 
ryan: there are people in this pool who haven’t gotten out for hours to go pee and have had 5 cocktails... 
Look at these brave masked antifa beating up 2 old  …
@Flat12Bierwerks enjoying some @JarettAndretti 
youtubers when they hear that a tragedy has 
I be taking care of people better than I take care of myself...
Imagine if President Obama had been accused of raping or touching one woman, let alone sixteen, does anyone think he would not be in prison?
Art by Danis1982! Animation by me. #ResidentEvil2Remake #ResidentEvil 
Texas QB Sam Ehlinger participating in the pro day simulation (part 
Added smoke. Just occurred to me that I had never painted cigarette smoke before. Not a bad 
Everything tonight was beautiful. I had so many feelings inside of me that I didn’t really know what to do with, so I just cried. This atmosphere was INCREDIBLE. Thank you a gazillion times @Pink. Out of all the 70k souls in here tonight, I swear I’m the most proud (!!!) 
I often wonder ‘how the hell did my nex keep his mask on so well for 27 years!!!!’ And then why did  off so suddenly & so abusively...(yes I see now how I was abused the whole time, but never as horrifically as that last time’ which led to me divorcing him! )
Thank you for all the bday wishes! This one was one for the books 
It's nice to see my brother @PCULL44444 doing well at GDQ, he's a lazy boy but sometimes he goes out and does a lot of good
Huashan is located in Huayin City, Weinan City, Shaanxi Province of China, 120 kilometers east of the provincial capital, Xi'an. Qinling Mountains to the South and Huangwei Mountains to the north have been said to be the most dangerous mountain in the world since ancient 
But...but...he's not taking a salary!
and I bet that is what he really 
I'm saying I'm not willing to risk spilling  …
Examples of my edits 
If I make myself look like a damn fool for you, I love you
5/Several times I've seen bikers scream at cars on the street, for reasons unknown (maybe because they thought the cars were being dangerous?). Twice I saw the bikers chased the cars down the street, screaming profanities at them.
What are the Democrats offering that Trump can't give them...Hope and peace. Two things Trump steals from us. Every. Single. Day.
not ready to date again but it’s alright if everyone flirts with me now thanks
[IG] 190630 #Mark’s IG update  … #마크 #GOT7⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠ #갓세븐⁠ #GOT7_SPINNINGTOP⁠ #GOT7_ECLIPSE #GOT7WORLDTOUR⁠ #GOT7_KEEPSPINNING⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠ ⁠ 
hey yall she is my all time fav 
Huge congrats to @Pdaddynthehyena on releasing such an incredible record. Go party to Cosmic Thrill Seekers tonight
Spend one day with 
If you're online say hi.
I'm now backward watching, just finished DIU and I loveeee Josuke and how wacky this entire part is. Doesn't help that it totally reminds me of P4 (which im pretty sure took alot of inspiration from Jojo)
I am at the Marriott Hilton Head Resort this weekend and discovered they seem to buy #madeinamerica. Thank you @Marriott for supporting American 
when i type “fortnite” it autocorrects to “disgusting game” lol
So if the Sixers lose Jimmy and Tobias and the Raptors lose Kawhi does this make the Celtics the 2nd team in the East?
The Kawhi 
Drop a pin we just wanna 
What it doooo 
The mere thought of someone else knowing them the way you do drives you crazy.
Alvin look like he not even trying tbh
You can't be talking about KFC in Jamaica...where the cashiers hear what they want when you order your food and the server give you what they feel like...
no one:  …
Thank you for helping  @HEB will be in Mercedes and La Villa on Monday 7/1 handing out cleaning kits. See details below.  …
as much as i’d love for lizzo or keale settle to play ursula, i hope yall are considering how it would look for a plus size woman of color to play the villain alongside what will likely be a tiny white ariel. cast a woman of color as ariel and then let’s talk.
#pride with this bibis @etiennechantalc @kerrquevedo #pride2019 #ResistTogether 
I had a rough morning today and I told my mom I was fine and then when I was at work she sends me this...I am so grateful she’s my bff 
I couldn't resist, and I am 
190630 Jooheon Vlive Jooheon thinks trot matches Minhyuk so much and Minhyuk can sing it well so he made Ongshimi for him and he said if he got chance in the future, he wants to make another song for Min♡
Saturn from my telescope, taken with my phone 
Them: Why didn't you marry John what's-his-name? Me: I didn't want my last name to be what's-his-name.
I sincerely hope that Sixers fans don’t direct our anger at Jimmy if this happens. It’s all Josh Harris. His first game back I want a standing ovation and “fuck Josh Harris” chants all game
he said as he danced for ongsimi MV, there was real people walking around (it wasnt set up). staff worked hard for it, he wanted to thank minhyuk for receiving the song well too.
Bruh what is going 
Poverty is a political choice @Alston_UNSR 1950sWomen denied pensions forced into poverty #NoEquality #NoDignity #BackTo60 @DrDavinaLloyd1  …
A LOT of people w August 19th. Wassup w  …
EraserMic week, day 7: Soft, Quiet, Tender 1/3, Pacific Rim AU ((I can't draw the right arms so they're just not there lmao)) #erasermicweek2019 #bnha 
The feeling is mutual
UPDATE: @MrAndyNgo has suffered multiple injuries to his face and neck and has a torn earlobe. The milkshakes apparently contained quick-drying cement. He's in the hospital w/ a friend. Journalist @michellemalkin set up a GoFundMe. Suspects still at  …
I wanna be in the Bad Girls Club with  …
Updating Red Room. See below for a 
The Bi gf of ur dreams 
You don't choose your fate nor the path that you walk. You don't choose the things that are linked with your soul. You don't choose perspective of life around you but there's always the choice to be who you're bravely, cheerfully and proudly along your journey.
From @ShamsCharania’s latest Inside Pass  ) earlier today  
WALK OFF GRAND SLAM FOR @roose0179 ( @APUBaseball)!!!!! Dutch 5 @MohawksBaseball 4 
I only see
Men are evil: Episode 567 “I have her time, lemme deceive 
SPEC！ 
i hate pretty girls w ugly attitudes
D-day for Swing Kids screening!! Manila skies are getting better this morning and I hope it continues until the event later a few reminders will be under this thread cos I caught up on some  …
Oh yeah.. 
You sound like people in the '70s who said, "I'm not heterosexual. I'm normal!"
Nothing the alt-right puts on twitter or facebook is going to be factual from now until November. The alt-right includes Canada Proud, Ontario Proud and, of course Hamish Marshall and the other Con fake news  …
. @sehlinger3 participating in the  at #elite11. D’Eriq King, Jalen Hurts, Shea Patterson also here. 
I'm going to guess this scientist isn't on Twitter  …
what it do 
Ya I’m never buying cartons of ice cream again smh y’all  …
This is why parents need to spank their kids early and often, and teach some dang  …
63. HIGH LIFE (2018) -- Claire Denis has made maybe her greatest film so far. Robert Pattinson continues to impress with his choice of roles. A beautifully cold, captivating experience.
I feel ashamed I’m not able to go out and riot in the street so to speak, but even a misdemeanor? I can’t afford to pay any fines. The field I work in you can’t have a record. If I missed work because of an arrest and lost my job I’d likely end up homeless. I’ve no safety net.
Too late, Boris. The Union died some time ago, and it smells to high heaven.  …
this is y’all fave?  …
“How fitting on your last show there you tried to swipe his credit card!” “He begged me to do it. A going away present, he said.” “He did  …
the way they managed to make it look SOFT ......... i’m about to lose my marbles pun absolutely  …
free agency eve 
guys, please RT this tweet!! @ATT will be donating $1 for every tweet/RT that includes the hashtag #TurnUpTheLove the @LOVELOUDfest provides support and focuses on preventing suicide in LGBTQ+ youth. It was started by Dan Reynolds and means so much to me! #LOVELOUD
No team has been shut out by 13+ runs in back-to-back games since at least 1908. That will happen to the Indians unless they score this afternoon.
gillian anderson doesn’t just “walk” the red carpet, no, she OWNS the red 
If you are caught outside during a thunderstorm, follow NOAA’s  to decrease the risk of being struck by 
Fucking  …
1. The author seems to ignore e.g. work by EU HLEG. 2. "AI race" narrative is both limiting and dangerous (see  …). 3. If AI   engine, all caution on how, when an whether to apply it is needed. Europe is leading in this.
Tonight’s 
Chick-fil-A employees are God fearing, Christian helpful workers ---- and the Democrats hate them. What does that tell you about them  …
Basketball runs in the family. @jillianhayess, the sister of 2019 NBA Draft pick  to Cincinnati women's  …
When the DLINE get together. 
Sometimes "just because you feel unsafe doesn't mean you are unsafe" is a really good physical maxim to recall. Also THREE TIMES TODAY I have avoided starting shit with people being egregiously wrong on the internet.
mom: so if your friends jumped off a cliff would you too? 
Juan Guaidó looks like the main guy from Burn Notice.
All On 
However this game turns out, good job by Chris Mazza.
anyways sick of pretending to like Ovi just because the houseguests treat him badly he’s literally obnoxious
Thanks for the 2 cups Phil. You will always be loved in Pittsburgh.
Congratulations to the top 4 from today's GSM Grand Prix Qualifier 2! @kraken_paradise takes home first place, securing themselves a spot in the finals. The last GSM Grand Prix qualifier will be in two weeks, see you 
Ah, you might be right.  …
Hola twitter 
From Happiness is still the best just because of this part 
Have a night, Garrett Williams 7.0 IP 1 H 0 R 2 BB 9 SO That's his fourth scoreless start in his last five 
Bet he has book on beating women, then getting away with it. Clearly he should NOT be in the AG's office or any  …
"But if we don't tag authors in negative reviews, how will they get feedback?" idk maybe from the betas, editors, copy-editors, authenticity readers, and dozens of others whose feedback we've sought out?
5891 followers . Help
team shams
If it ain’t one thing, it’s another.
DID YOU KNOW: LOONA were the first artists to include choreo in music videos. Due to their groundbreaking video ‘favOriTe’, they inspired many artists to include choreography in their videos. “Thanks to LOONA I was able to create Thriller” -Michael Jackson  …
Check it out couple of snaps of HORSHAM FC Youth pitch Goals have 
im that girl screaming when mina and nayeon got called out no, i was seriously that girl screaming and WHY DID I SCREAM SO LOUDLY 
If you guessed what I was like in real life based on my tweets you’d think I was smooth as hell I’m not...yet
Here's to another @BrillantFred13! 
Me waiting for people to check their 
I love that you, @ewarren, and @JayInslee have tweeted about this! Solidarity against racism
followers don’t equal dollas stupid
I don't know who needs to hear this 
on the other hand i personally can’t wait to visit Uncle Phil’s Grillin’ Deck where he will never put a shirt on and exclusively refer to beers as “cervezas”
you’re telling me some children own this hospital?
imagine hating lincoln when he sacrificed himself for the whole word.... get his name out of your mouth
They all work for the American people, skin color makes no difference to them. Only to racists.
I found a speakeasy inside a parking 
NBA Question Thread before free agency tomorrow so RT this
The White House is now a sitcom based on a family of failed property developers indebted to foreign adversaries.
what i do to y’all weird ass females for y’all to block me from viewing y’all story... might as well delete me LMAOO
we need it  …
no she aint my breadsticks still aint on the table tell her to hurry up
Striking  …
Windrows #ranchlife 
Before "milkshaking" there was "caking" Dutch politician Pim Fortuyn had pies thrown in his face by SJW activists Just weeks later, he was shot and killed by another left-wing activist
Make no mistake, that Mayor supports & funds Antifa!
He’s sick in the head wtf does this have to do with all men?? What about all those women who drown or kill their kids ? Bless that child I hope she pulll through and is surrounded by a peace and love that surpasses all human understanding
Raptors chances of keeping Kawhi are fading. Kawhi signing with the Lakers or Clippers is getting more and more likely. (Per Chris 
Had to release part 2 early because Woj, Shams, and the NBA are inconsiderate to their fans' family functions but here it is.  …
no one should be shipping any underage girls with older men. specially men who rape them like drogo did to daenerys.
Ok the 1’s are done.... BUT THESE THOUGH IN-HAND ARE Fuck it 8-14 Available Now!!! DM for sizing and pricing! Get your BIG out for these!!! Rt @RT_Kicks4Sale @Buyandsellkickz @Deadlaced @Sneakerchief23 @SellKicksSunday @cellusxxl @RoyalFeets 
tried to follow seokjin’s cock destroyer but it said edit profile 
Going live in a few minutes!! See u guys  …
Too bad you allow masked terrorist to assault with no fear of prosecution.
If the Nets front office sign-and-trade for Andrew 
2020 6’3 Amound Anderson • Interest from 15+ schools, one of the top guards on the west coast. Top 25 scorer in the state as a Junior. #whynot #leuhouse  …
someone take me to animal kingdom
not pushing agendas and enjoying stuff with peace and quiet >>>>
Fighting your #CarbonTaxScam is one of the main reasons @fordnation won a majority gov't. Your #carbontax is NOT a solution. It's a blatant tax grab; so you can give away more of our hard-earned money to foreign interests. Canadians aren't as stupid as you had hoped they'd  …
Found 
I miss dishonored _(:3 
copying: a distasteful way to express your lack of originality [devaluing the original concept] being inspired: a tasteful addition, elevation, or reimagining of the work of others [adding value to the original concept]
Let’s keep it moving #TRUMP2020 @Patti_Sc60 @JLitteken @LazyMeatball @VandinaGary @Beth_Alize @DrHoagy @kat_maga @NYCREMilton @FemFoxx @DGurl12345 @AnaJuliaG1965 @ZionSunshine @TxBelleAnon @SuperJohn100755 
Blessed and Honored to receive an offer from Central CT University 
Follow My Premium Now 
New #Coyotes owner = New budget.  …
Adam Lambert gives a special live performance of 'Comin in Hot' [FULL PERFORMANCE] | GMA #NewEyes #CominInHot #Velvet 
Oh dear. This pic was 2017. I stuck up for him with Noel at Heaton Park because he’s a brilliant lad. Changing genre? Away and change yer pants and get away to Rosie’s or the Martel for a Smirnoff Ice and calm doon ya 
Greg Hunt visited BioFab3D@ACMD today to announce funding for the new Aitkenhead Centre for Medical Discovery. Very exciting for all of us!! #bioprinting,  #medicaldiscovery, 
i still can’t believe this happened again pls i missed their twitter interactions sooo 
Except if you’re @MrAndyNgo, or anyone else you don’t like, then it doesn’t apply,right? Loose definitions of ‘harassment’ there too. He’s at a public event, filming. Legal last time I checked.
Working these lil summer jobs reminds me why I have to finish college cause I promise I could never do this for a living
Russian version of Chernobyl but for Boeing 737 Max software.
When can y’all stop posting pictures with lingerie and bathing suits up your asses .....
I deserve to be somebody’s header
PLEASE #MEMPHIS HAVE A HEART SAVE THIS PRECIOUS FAMILY 
Remember #IFFM2018's grand #groupfie? How about we top it this year with @iamsrk ! Tickets go on sale on July 1 at 1 pm. Excited much?! #Throwback #IFFM2019 @FilmVictoria #BestofIndianCinema #VisitVictoria #CreativeVictoria #Mindblowingfilms 
god is a 
Biggest single pet peeve COVER  …
i like galchenyuk, he’s a great powerplay guy, and  to a real team will be beneficial for him, but he’s generally not been very good at 5v5 offensively or defensively  
You mean like when did Andy start throwing punches? Or at what point are you justified beating up someone you disagree with for covering your public protest? This seems pretty distant from anything remotely close to provocation for violence.
They say I got money so I'm actin' different Did it by my lonely, so I never 
behind her eyes... he could see everything her soul had 
I feel like my "Resources for Undergraduate Students" page is really thin - I need to write more stuff that can be of use for undergraduate students  -- accepting any and all suggestions for potential blog posts/topics.
Got bad news today from Ethiopia & I'm reminded again what it means when  gathers around you & stays until you are better. (I am effected, but others more so, FYI. This is personal but for others I know, even more painful and personal.) We are each other's shelters.
KIM YOHAN LOOK SO FCKING EXPENSIVE DAMN MA #PRODUCE_X_101 
Have I missed the discussion on the Taylor family and their serial interference in political/environmental acts furthering their own interests? Surely it’s in OUR INTEREST to know what’s going on? #insiders @InsidersABC
han jisung's most iconic line of 
Many of the books I own about 2016 are written by journalists who claimed they were in constant fear of being attacked at Trump rallies, likewise we’ve seen countless news articles touting the same thing. So are these journos gunna step in and defend Andy? Lol. Of course 
Someone shared this personal story in the #YangGang subreddit and it makes an important point that I've experienced myself and have heard from others as well. #MedicareForAll is great, and we need it, but it will never cover our furry loved ones.  can save 
Dont get caught up in the hype of being titled " A good player " stay focused and dont let it get to you. Thats how you stay at the top of your game. Don't forget the bridges you burn now with your good player ego  to haunt you later down the road if something happens
Women were a  …
It’s been a 
Imagine if we lived in a country where shady, secretly funded, agenda driven lobby groups were not allowed anywhere near UK politics
. @SDinwiddie_25, first of his name. Designer of sneakers, lover of Dragon Ball and recruiter of Kyrie. He also has a dope goatee 
UNFUCKINGBELIEVABLE!!!!! These fucks DID see Kaiser for his bday. 
Dear #FreePressMedia Jimmy Carter did not appear to suggest 45 is an illigitimate President. He was very specific about it!
Uh  …
Hanging out with my 
This is EXACTLY what didn't happen to Jussie  …
Free Wingstop for life, can skip media availability if he likes & play every preseason game in SD 
Timeless 
Musa rolled up his mat, dusted his slippers and legged it, for lo and behold he hath witnessed all that one could witness at the  …
This country has to be a joke no  …
in other words: the beauty of not having ADHD is that ignorance is bliss. if you don't immediately feel the impact of an hour of "lost" seconds all at once, you can actually do shit
Westerners are the biggest capitalists in the history of the world, they would only bring you so close to them when they want to use you to achieve their aim. Today is to support gay and lesibians, one day these people would remove you outta Islam without you even knowing
Crazy how fast the left & Antifa went from “punch Nazis” to “punch gay Vietnamese-American journalists.”
He radiates "I use axe body spray instead of showering" energy
HIGHLY  this stuff It’s INCREDIBLE. 
make it look goood... bitch 
Fuck me or fight me, motherfucker.
i miss him so i present to you tiny jimin !! <33
she told me she was an 
I can say this because they already blocked me. The Young Bucks are not funny.
[lights go out for the dark order] 
That is why I couldn't retweet earlier, he deleted the tweet as I was retweeting. We have new GHOST TIMESTAMPS POTUS Trump has deleted 4 tweets today. More to follow Timestamp and gap code
I need more info! Anyone?? What was his civil  …
Lewis Thorpe will make his first career start tomorrow for the #MNTwins. He had originally thought his parents wouldn’t make it here, but they surprised him at Guaranteed Rate Field after today’s game after making the long flight from Melbourne, Australia.
. @richkleiman tells @NYPost_Serby on eve of free agency: “That whole era of the Knicks in the ’90s was an incredible time to be at the Garden — whether it was a Ranger game, a Knick game, a St.John’s game” Make The Garden Great Again!
THIS IS LITERALLY YOONGI IM 
Atago - Azur Lane I love the ara ara vibes she gives tbh lol Who am I seeing this anime expo? I'll be at J18 in Artist Alley! I hope to see you there! 
Who will stand w @Ali ? I know I will. #AliSentUs
Those holdovers & judges are part of Obama’s shadow government. Don’t fret, our @POTUS won’t stop #Winning !
My parents taught me honour. Pride. To be truthful to others and do my best to make sure to be there for others in times of need. These Antifa parents are the academics and authors of this movement deep in the socialist anarchist wings of colleges.
gettin all the weird looks as I point at the first person I see outside of the church and scream “NO SIN GANG BABY WHAT’S UP THAT’S WHAT I THOUGHT” right before spiking a football I brought
Going live right meow with some more until dawn. Saving everyone #twitch #SupportSmallStreamers #untildawn #VGVanguards #SmallStreamersConnect #mustread 
whenever i see this video, i imagine this is what taron is like when he’s 
WV Thunder ‘20 @kaylee_reinbeau is off the board!! Super happy and proud of her! She stuck with the process and trusted in everything we preach without hesitation for years!! Can’t wait to coach her this one last month as  …
[PREVIEW] 30.06.19 - #Dongpyo no Blue Carpet cr. kiss of the 
happy 500!!!!! love my editing skills? thanks for stickin around ig. sol, gwen, xavier, dani, aaliyah, jace, tori, casey, jae, zak, jiseok, lani, sienna, riley, ellie, max, simone, daisy, wade, minki, yerin, emma, wesley, olivia & whoever else didn't like 
it happened earlier than it needed to because the GM decided that signing Jack Johnson and trading for Erik Gudbranson were necessary, but i do believe this would  at some point before the end of that contract regardless
This is what you call perfection Follow everyone who rts/like this and make sure to follow each other back! Blinks, keep goin we're almost there!!! Don't forget to tweet, retweet, reply, or quote #KCAMexico #BLACKPINK 
Never underestimate a mans ability to pretend
You shouldn't be making this equivalence. This is a bad road. The media and Dems have been wholly supportive of Antifa. The opposite is true re: Alt right.
I guess Football season is here cuz ppl been asking about Fantasy Football leagues like last year. Who is interested?
Today @milkbarstore had a pop-up shop, so I finally got to try their infamous cereal milk soft serve and: DAMN, it was good. Kirby approves! 
hyunjae is literally just wearing a white shirt and my heart is doing back flips.. WHO GAVE HIM THE 
no offence but destiel is the greatest love story ever told and nothing will ever convince me otherwise
yall dont understand IM 
900 subscribers away from 100k on YouTube and I’m so excited to sell lipsticks with hair in them
One more time...people are supposed to rehearse  …
In action just as in contemplation, we can radiate God ~St. Elizabeth of the 
Jun 29 All I got is love for these two. 4th of July just around the corner. Everyone should enjoy the water this year. Looks like fun. #KillyRideOrDie 
Hey stinkabutt 
I’m glad summer league starting soon .... lack of hoops on TV is killin me
So after 8/9 hours in the airport cancelled flights and delays storms it appears I will still get to New York tonight - Brooklyn u need to turn up this day has been stressful on we go @schimanskinyc
Meram off. Going to go ahead and give him man of the match.
WHY DON’T YOU, I DON’T KNOW, CALL YOUR SENATOR OR SOMETHING
Sophie! I just got the gifts you sent all the way from Australia @lgbtrizha I love you so so much, Thank you for the letter
Corner: Don't be bottom *pulls a guillotine 12 seconds into the round* #UFCMinneapolis
Let's play the game: #Antifa Vs #SS Spot the 
"... the power [LiS]... both as a videogamer & a young woman... is its willingness to explore the nuances & experiences of the world from the other half of its population’s perspective..." To cut the world into 50% white men/women erases race + the spectrum of gender/sexuality.
his hair is wavy again.. thank goodness #송형준 #SONGHYEONGJUN #PRODUCE_X_101 
As if that would affect how Trump thinks.if Trump doesn't care what China says,why would he care what economically struggling SA has to  …
oomf all I need
niggas are so nice when they’re trying to smash.
I’m so bad at 
I just contributed to Bernie  …
Kiss me it's my birthday
That’s why it’s important to carry a weapon and be ready to defend yourself especially in situations like these where a mob ambush could turn deadly for yourself very quickly.
Neither are the Russian anchor babies born to mothers staying at Trump branded properties in Florida, then? Will they get their money refunded?
if someone purposely squirted mustard on me I would get a different kind of mad than I would if someone purposely squirted ketchup on me
CHARITY STREAM! COME JOIN AND DONATE! Currently in the chat for a while =D Watching @thetomska @Eddache_ @Thelaserbearguy @elliotexplicit and other awesome peeps! They're doing a FAB job! (>w<)/ 
Just spotted the @Bosslogic #SpiderMan billboard in Dallas and it made me so happy.
And Jesus also flogged those who turned a church to a place  …
A return to Toronto for Kawhi is fading, with him signing with either LA team  more realistic Via @Chris_Broussard
Oh yeah! 
Good morning, lovies... Sorry for being quiet. I'll back soon for another shoot for Patreon. And preparing to move to a better place. Stay tuned~ 
Yo at @dreamsmusicfest in my new hometown with the lads, you? @GorgonCity 
brazil misses 
Them friends that drop you home and wait until you get inside the house is the mf friends I live for.
Kessel’s Uber video is just gonna be him asking the driver how his day was and then silently texting Tyler Boxak for 15 minutes.
Definitely not looking for a place to dump a 
#SelenaGomez Speaks Out Against 'Inhumane' Treatment Of Immigrant Children After Latest Disturbing Reports Surface From Border Detention Camps In Texas! @selenagomez  
#WhyImProudOfMyCountry When it really matters, leadership of both the Democratic and Republican parties always put aside the partisan bickering to serve their corporate masters. 
If you can make me laugh I’ll fall in love with you. I only laugh at my own jokes.
Glasses are from @chrissasparkles
this tweet tells me that the only ioi song you know is very very very
Not a bad day! First ever MLB game in Europe, Yanks won, and sat 5 rows in front of Prince Harry and Meghan 
Moment: The Lion Returns // All For One presented by @Bell @NickDeLeon7 | 
Arrest the mayor he is to blame for letting this happen
Biden joins other Democrats in refusing to take money from fossil-fuel 
Just two months ago a man threw a child off a balcony at the mall because women rejected him. And these are just stories that make the  …
One of the things I was most excited for about for #StarWars #GalaxysEdge was seeing how the Disney Horticulture team would do their part to give the planet life! This is some of the flora you can find in the Resistance 
I don’t know how people support artist who steal looks , don’t credit , claim it’s theirs and blocks people to steal more looks smh. It’s very hard  up with a concept and when you do and someone steals it , it’s a slap in the face  …
THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME REACH 2K!!! Get my snapchat FOR LIFE for 20$ONLY!! tonight only!! 
Overheard Austin visitor at 7pm: “I thought it’d be cooler outside by now!” Yeah, that won’t happen until October, boss.
Bring it on! We need better transport infrastructure. But for your ignorant luvvies liking this tweet, a wee reminder that the biggest driver of the cost of petrol are the price of Crude oil & the NZ dollar (with some refining costs into the mix), don't forget the basics 
The photo line is always my favorite part of our events—and last night I took my 35,000th 
Oh, we 25 and still making gay jokes? Yikes.
Love my 
WIZARDS, Do you remember 
If I have to force the conversations ima just keep on doing me
"Building a wall and manning it with watch towers is a small price to pay if it stops intruders. If they got inside the wall, the cost for us would be greater" Glastonbury Border 
Hysteria is weirdly ubiquitous nowadays. A possible explanation is that Trump's election has shaken the single pseudo-religious narrative the US intellighentsia has been educated to believe in (and to organize their lives around): endless liberal progress and the end of history.
How many people were arrested and detained for this? Hundreds? Dozens? One? I suppose the mayor is tying your hands again- it must make you angry to let chaos occur due to  leadership at the top.
My banner
Dunks trip this 
Imma hold it down for the black niggas in eon. Vivo don't count
Celebrating and supporting  here in Denton, Tx. 
They're only pandering for votes. That's all they care about. They aren't interest in you or me. If you actually check into their backgrounds they are super rich and looking to stay or get richer off the voter. Yet they talk about the rich. I'm with you...I'll stick with Trump.
Can’t believe I’m going to be a tia to a baby boy
I think I just wrote my best song ever.
 to my talk show. today’s topic is tops; do they deserve rights? : 
My name is baddie, 
A shotgun that let's you pretend you are sniping. :  Preview 
If nobodies outsold, outimpacted and outcritically-acclaimed your favs then what’s that make your favs? Oh yea the ppl that meet trump
Hit this last night, ele to bounce on sabotage cuz s&d is dead at 1am 
And why is he acting like he can’t UPS the extra stuff??? It’s bizarre.
Um....is this good? Yes, it's pretty good. ( 
These 12 Clever Individuals Are Professional  …
The Traits of the Four Hogwarts 
Somertimes ..,.,.. whem Yio are A Cat ..,., whomsterly Hars Jurst gotten Two Hondred Amd Fifrty wormb friemds .,., amd Yuo arfe Inspectering them Withe Yourm Gramdma Amd human ..,.,. You jurst Havbe To Eat sombe Diort From your Snoot . thaot Is Jurst how Irt Is 
mmm tried it #タピオカチャレンジ 
i want to genuinely fall in love with someone
Hello everyone! @GenuineCrude @BrokenRomeo @SecondPlayrScor @Unfinished_Wood @Merrinaised @kbfarkas @AWarWithinMusic @HailSaganBand @podracerband @boycemusic @jeffinthered @HikersHell @PoleOfficial @geewilikers @AustinStKloud @TavuPR @sleepsignals @FromAshestoNew 
i simplee ,.., canote beleevf thisz hapenind two 
Make the most of the dash "-" #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha 
I've said it before, but I will say it again: there is nothing—nothing—I cherish more than being able to spend time in God's Word. There are times when I marvel that He permits these sinful hands of mine even to touch its pages. So thankful for His grace and mercy in Christ.
I wish I had a friend to myself lmfao I be bored asf
This sounds 
Pyne’s new job. Tingle calls it a “clear breach”. Savva observes, correctly, that nobody will do anything about it. Crabb notes that [centre alliance] Senator Patrick proposed the government not do business with EY as long as Pyne is there. Noice. Simple. Effective. #Insiders
Me: *to Mirror* But...can I make Stripes and Checks work? Bill Murray: *from my bowl of Rice Chex* Aww, man. This is a messed up experiment, just let me go already. Mirror: He's not wrong.
Fuck 
someone please send help , I’ve had fancy stuck in my head for two days straight TWO  …
Everybody saying bro snitchin but nobody seen the proof or paperwork
im 50% emo and 50% 
What’s good Ocho 
Been working really hard this summer and there is PLENTY more to go but I feel awesome man. When you try to be healthy rather than skinny it fr makes a difference 
He is handsome. I hate  …
Attention, Boofy is now active. He will proceed to like every tweet you make under half a second.
The thing about religious dogma is everyone is free to own one. If others decide to go and pat it, that's cool. But if you let your dogma run around biting and annoying other people - you need to pull your bloody head in and take a long hard look at 
We’ve seen baby Adora now all I need is baby 
when you try your best but you don't succeed when you get what you want but not what you need when you feel so tired but you can't sleep stuck in reverse
This Chayka quote sticks in my head: “I know everyone wants to make a splash. I have made some splashes & I'm not afraid to make a splash. Ultimately, you’ve got to be disciplined when it’s time to be disciplined & make splashes when it’s time to make a splash." This is a splash.
Tom, the whole less glib thing. Yeah, that.
ritsu -regularly gets mistaken for a corpse or stepped on for sleeping on the ground -punched eichi in the face -chants spells while cooking evil pastries -says its his policy never to carry anything heavier than chopsticks -crashed his bike into koga -Rittsu Joke
Megan Rapinoe accepts AOC's invitation to tour Capitol Hill.  …
Having ur fan on the highest but still sleeping with ur duvet on>>>>
everyone at san francisco pride is dressed like a gay mad max character
s/o to those 5 followers that like my tweets , I do it for y’all
Cancel  …
Quick dry cement
Grandmas Boy should have won an Oscar
aaron tveit and karen olivo as christian and satine - lockscreen (please let me know if you like 
This is absolutely unacceptable! When I ran for Congress in 2018, I was attacked from behind, received threatening letters, and had my car vandalized. My opponent @RepAdamSchiff did not disavow these attacks! Leadership needs to step up by having ZERO TOLERANCE for this  …
Photo 1. Before the lights and cameras it’s hair clips and green room chill time. Photo 2. Up and ready to roll! Grateful girl always @foxnews 
UNDER “MEDICARE FOR ALL”, AMERICAN TAX PAYERS WOULD PAY FOR FOR ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ABORTIONS. AND... IT WILL COST 3.25 TRILLION A YEAR!!! CRAZY DEMS WANT LATE TERM ABORTIONS, OPEN BORDERS AND RAISE TAXES! CRAZY!
He came in like an hour after I got there.  me with smiles and asked if I’d remembered not to eat. I reassured him that I hadn’t. Then he asked if I was a virgin. Couldn’t lie to a man of God.I confessed that I’d never had sex.  …
Good morning Beautiful People
fromis's vocal tone gangster, Jang Gyuri. Her voice, short but sweet At the end, she getting embarrassed is so cute #fromis_9 
Ass pizza the best independent nigga out with the Garments pop up at a train station filled with kids to grab his shit. sold out within like an hour and a half literally got the last size
Dad life!! Cheers to the long weekend! 
Ion never be fucked up about retrogrades y’all be trippin
We told you this on @KeiserReport months  …
 …

We’re here Portland Hope you are 
Putin-bots are terrified at the spector of Trump bein’ intellectually disemboweled at the debates by a black women. They wouldn’t bust out birtherism this early if they weren’t genuinely  …
that shit do be a movie  …
Just google it...been going on for years. They absolutely have a stand down order.
Our 3,000,000th fan walked through the gates tonight! Congratulations to the Grindeland Family as they are the Kernels prize-pack winner! We love our 
What a cool dressing room chair tonight @stagewest570 - #Scranton, #PA . We hit at 9:30 p.m  through! Tomorrow: Jack Devito Field‐- #Yorktown Heights, #NY Then off to #Europe Tix  #country #countrymusic #Pennsylvania 
Dark Order thing didn't seem like it got over well.
Lewis Thorpe will start Sunday. His family flew in from Melbourne and surprised him after today’s game. #MNTwins
It’s ok 
Always a blast to get away from the desktop. 
Good Sunday morning NEYSHEN 
the pendragon flavor to 
Yes ooo  …
A cuckoo clock, but instead of a little bird that pops out and sings every hour on the hour, it's a tiny replica of myself that pops out and screams.
If at first you don't find carrots, keep hunting till you 
Nigga look like a def jam vendetta character  …
People are always like, “But Dusty, what are you going to do if YOU get milkshaked someday?!” Take a shower and move on with my life because it’s a fucking milkshake.
straight rights
If they wanted to talk to you they would
#HookEm QB Sam Ehlinger getting some work at today’s Elite11 
Waiting on God is never a waste of time.
I’m laughing so hard but why he had to waste a good watermelon like that
Hypothesis: To travel backward in time, just reverse everything you do. This morning, i had dinner at breakfast & i’m about to end my day with breakfast at "dinner" time. (Lunch was pretty much the same, but I ate it backwards.) I’ll let you know if this works 4 hours  …
Translation: Confident women intimidate me. Also, I'm a twitter troll.
More Spanky because it’s good for the soul! He enjoys our wild garden Almost 3 years with him now and I still can’t believe I have such a beautiful son Adopt a dog who needs some love & you’ll get it back 
When writing it she interviewed the astronauts, Ray Bradbury and Wernher von Braun. She formed a strong friendship with Pete Conrad who took a photo of her as a baby to the Moon on Apollo 12. (Their friendship ended soon after in a fight over US foreign policy in Cambodia.) 
Every #Borderlands fan needs to watch this: THE MAKING OF BORDERLANDS 3 (DOCUMENTARY)  excellent work @MrRoflWaffles
There was no #MercyRule against AR Fox tonight for @MmmGorgeous, but Tyler still picks up the win at @WWNEVOLVE #Evolve129 at La Boom! And looked gorgeous doing it What a match! - 
This little warrior has cerebral palsy. His struggle to walk is real, but he won't let that stop him. 
I just want me a lil girlfriend.
Cutting people out your life and not even explaining yourself >
Broussard is usually all over the place sometimes but my brain chooses to believe him when it’s something pro Lakers  …
Dear Columbus Crew, Thanks for Justin Meram. Yours, #ATLUTD
My mom bought me a pair of these for Christmas like I’m some house father.. The worst part about it was that I was genuinely grateful about receiving  …
She won’t be. And that’s what she doesn’t realize. When her the me is done, women’s Olympic Soccer will remember Mia Ham, not her. She is a disgrace.
You're a fucking douchebag, @tedwheeler.
I feel like I’m an overwhelming person - and that’s why I don’t date anymore
This is racism. It was wrong before, and it’s wrong now. We won’t allow it  …
Please make sure Jimmy has the right link for Google Hangout Meet
okay but two alphas dealing with a whiny omega who's going through their heat >>>>
WITHIN THE GLASS DARKLY -  (UK) -  (US) - #horror #bookboost #IARTG #litfic #histfic #darkfantasy #thriller GLASS DARKLY GOTHIC VAMPIRE SERIES (3 Book Series) -  - at 
Time is acc so precious damnnnnn
have a great day 
SPEAKING TRUTH TO POWER. SPEAKING HER TRUTH TO THOSE WHO DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT. ABSOLUTELY THE FIGHTER WE NEED.  …
The Lakers should have interest in damn near every free agent. They currently have 4 players on their roster & that includes an unsigned 2nd round draft pick. So I hope they have interest in D’Angelo Russell, Jimmy, etc, etc. We know who the top target is, he’s not the only guy.
19’ GOOOOALLLLLL @1AlunWebb thanks to a perfectly weighted @zecaferraz pass. CFC takes the lead 2-1 
In the song's guessing game they play a song for Heechul & should he guesses it, one of them played a song and Heechul didnt know it and asked her to repeat it once, but she refused and said "Do the aegyo" after he doing it she repeated the song 
"The Many Vasectomies of Chuck Woolery " is definitely the weakest of John Irving's novels.
going to 143, lock & key, arena is not a personality trait lmfao
jack johnson isn’t gonna get traded and every pens fans is gonna have a stroke about it. (including me)
"Slaunwhite said it was unfair the province covered breast removal and masculinization surgeries for transgender men, but not augmentation for transgender  …
Fascinating how all the FakeToshi haters and rebels w’out a cause have circled around a random Miami court to cheer the burning of their nemesis at the stake. Bitcoin has taught me to love witch burning, McCarthyism, Soviet-era show trials. Bring back eugenics, 
Can’t stress enough that Aeolus is the man with the plan
Reported. Buh bye!
Ronnie Eston Lynch's obituary  … I love you Daddy
Jeff mate you good? Yes mate Geoff mate wbu you good? Yeos
Has anyone seen AG Barr or is he still playing his bagpipes?  …
either he’s really loyal or is the biggest hoe. No in  …
like pacific is that band i KNOW is good but just haven’t gotten into yet
Wish it was shundo 
First of what may be many podium trips of 2019 for @chadcose WINNER AFT Production Twins 
This is the first time the Indians have allowed 13+ runs in consecutive games in 20 years. That came against the playoff-bound Texas Rangers, who boasted one of the best offenses in the league. These Orioles are not that.
The tv flickering. Luckily I had my trusty 
I wanted some summer themed art, a day off and to get it done in a day and so I 
Some of my best work right  …
Me: What brought you into the ER today? Patient: Well, in 1994.... Me: NO, What brought you into the ER TODAY?!
Happy to have you back Kev but sad that your moms health is in decline... If you ever need to talk to someone about anything bothering you, my DM’s are open!
I’m a lifetime resident. I’m disgusted with the lack of action to protect us from Antifa thuggery. I fully support police but it’s time that our mayor step aside from heading the police. Do something PPD! It’s time for officers who care to speak out.
i feel like im going to cry a lot if yuvin wont make to the final line up debut:( im anxious
Flannery  …
End his career. Heh. I love ya, man, but you don't know the Florida Panhandle. Hell, Gaetz was a drunken ambulance chasing lout when he was elected to Congress. Throw him out and DeSantis will likely make him a judge or something. Or he'll start his own  …
George 
 …
one (1) extremely photogenic Good 
Democratic selective outrage is what this is!
First stream in the new place tomorrow night starting at 6PM CST/7PM EST on #twitch! Come get some of this handsome 
I’ve officially fallen in love with LITP. It’s such a beautiful story & Clara is such a beautiful character, @DoveCameron played her fantastically! Definitely one of the most talented casts I’ve ever had the pleasure of seeing. I had the best evening, thank you @LITPMusical
What these boys need is to spend a summer as guests in Sheriff Joe's Tent City!
Being a bad bitch is hard
I officially made it 1 (one) month into my Starbucks job without crying
However, that is in #TraumaSurgery , w is a very different beast from elective Sx, esp modern oncology Bottom line: Right operation on Right pt at the Right time should be our goal.
