Day 30 of 30! Thank you all for reading along and being on this poetry journey with me. #apoemaday #3030project #tupelopress  …
It To Rain Donuts Just So I Can See The Looks On Peoples Faces 
Mini Med School on Preventing Falls. Record turn out with nearly 700  …
Talk about missing the forest for the  …
Exorcist...the scene where demon-possessed Linda Blair came down the stairs backwards and upside down.
Since everyone is talking about bball... Calgary gets new urban basketball court. 'The Bounce’ will also have ping pong tables, snakes-&-ladders & art murals. It opens in East Village by the new National Music Centre next week:  … 
“[T]he Constitution requires a process other than the criminal justice system to FORMALLY ACCUSE A SITTING PRESIDENT of wrongdoing." Robert S. Mueller, III, publicly referring prosecution of @realDonaldTrump to Congress, 5/29/19 #AltGov 
feelin’ the summer days already 
I swear to God I said this last week  …
You don’t have to grade/assess every single thing you hand out.
Ep 9 of my podbaby #BeholdHer is LIVE and about #accessibility friendly #gaming!  Behold: @Jess_Dempsey/ @DOTSrpg, maker of braille dice @dreamwisp, advocate @MystyVander, story about hearing loss + #dnd Sponsor: @KoboldPress Editor: 
Pray For The Kid Going Thru Some Crazy Ass Times Rn.
Its official. I teach at the Greatest. School. Of. All. Time. 
I can’t believe she gets to wake up and look like this omg it’s so sick and 
Are you even really a Body Guy if you’ve never sat in the corner of a locker room eating an entire rotisserie chicken?
Eat your heart out, Oscars! Every year my Ss receive “the Candy award” that recognizes their work ethic, talent, and personality. We also have a summer book club book to take home and enjoy over break—with looping, I know Ss can have good convos about it next year! 
We’ll be live with @alex_navarro shortly!Http://twitch.tv/wrestlesplania
Geek and Gamers @DDayCobra has exposed Disney's Political Correctness Censorship. #WithoutRespectWeReject #TheFandomMenace #thursdayThoughts #ThursdayMotivation #FridayFeeling #FreeSpeech #FridayMotivation #FridaysForFuture #FridayEve  
Coach Mac @CoachMACshipU is fired up about the future! 
peep the socks
SQQ always ask Binghe to go slower but it’s not like he’s not getting off so wh- oh,,,,, OH,,,,,, he’s afraid of finishing too fast
Apparently this is just fine w/ @SpeakerPelosi bc this Democrat is right for his state of #LA, so we should because Nancy has a strategy! Or we could say this isn’t a good thing for women in #Louisiana, & say we need a new rep for #CA12-  …
This is why I don’t respect  …
"Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain." — 1 Corinthians 15:58
These promos & teasers are works of art in themselves Was immediately smitten with Khirad as soon as I saw it #7yearsofhumsafar Sigh where is that artistic touch on our screens now  …
Loading.......... 
I've found 
At the Matthews Chick Fil a... my dad made us go inside....keeping my head down... pray for me.
Advance copies of Wait, What? came in today!!! I'm so  …
I'm wondering how he's getting the DMV information. It is illegal to use that information for private use.
Shot and animated new work with @highsnobiety for @puma #shotbydale 
my boss just invited me to pride with him that’s some real shit
A North Escambia mother gives birth just 24 weeks into her pregnancy with her baby weighing just 24 ounces. @DanielleApoNews spoke to the mother to find out about the baby's fight to beat the odds. Details:  
We’re into extra innings here in Waunakee. It’s been a pitchers duel: 1 hit between both schools. #thekee GO WARRIORS! #waunakeeway @keestudents @keebaseball
it’s 2am and i just really want odaat back
Have you ever wondered if there are mistakes in the Bible. Check out this insightful article looking at the historical accuracy of the Bible.  #UIP20 #WordofGod #history #accuracy 
Who is your favorite Twitter follow and why is it @dcone36?
I’m a fat ass kelly price
Get to know @AndrewYang! Has #DrugPricing gone wild in the US? Yes and Andrew Yang has a great idea about how to fix that. Controlling the Cost of Prescription Drugs #Yang2020 #election2020 #HumanityFirst  
Live Now: Time to Scrap the Indian Act?; An Indigenous View of  …
and i....oop 
Thank you @TXT_bighit for stopping by! 
can the DM romance an NPC, asking on behalf of a friend who decided adding a four-horned tiefling wielding a warhammer was a good idea, but get this, he's INJURED and NEEDS HELP
You can’t negotiate with 
Matthew Murrell is going to excell at IMG. It was really fun watching him at Whitehaven last season. I’m sure we’ll see the highlights  …
#ForOnceIWouldLike my work to stock the employee fridge 
Kevin Durant (doesn't know what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs) is doubtful for Game 2.
sorry 
My dream job has finally  a reality. Starting next school year I will be the sole PE Teacher at Oak View Elementary School! I am beyond excited to get back in the gym after teaching my first year all in a classroom! #Blessed 
So does this mean we’re getting two albums ?! English album ( #ALTEREGO ) and Spanish album ( #CURAME ) ? @PrinceRoyce
campaign friends: venmo me $1 and I will argue with your down-ballot challenger who wants to hire a vendor like this for  …
Tulsi has been personally attacked and hated for her religion and conservative upbringing. Tulsi has been called every nasty homophobic name in the book. So what does she do? Does she get angry and hate back? No! instead she apologizes & supports LGBTQ rights 100% with Aloha

What a disgraceful statement. Several hours after, Mr. Gov cannot confirm who ordered the equipment to site.. God safe us..
Ah, the  …
the best part of this box score is Wake Forest kicking a field goal down 52-0 to make the score 52-3, then Florida State returning the kickoff for a touchdown
it’s acc kinda peak not speaking to anyone
AAAAAAAAAAA WHER WE GOIG 
outfit of the 
Promise made, promise kept? Boy I sure wouldn’t want to be  person who let out all of those releases saying today was the day the Carbon Tax died... #abpoli  …
Enjoying the vacation here in 
Trump has announced a 5% tariff on all Mexican imports and says it will increase "until the Illegal Immigration problem is 
some sketches for @FoxManiacal and @Bmanlegoboy Hope you like, they are made with love 
Boateng: "I took a step back and thought about the whole situation. I know what I can, but I can't just push a button and say now I'll laugh again, it's all peace and joy. That's not 
I was wondering how he’d summarize G.E.B.. “I cannot do this book justice in trying to summarize and distill the lessons throughout.” The best books are 
poolside living 
If I had unlimited funds first people I would invest in are @Lexxdawizz @royelofficial @DomAlaimo and @pull_llc the amount of potential between all these guys is insane. Bout one connection away from making it big in all their fields. Keep grindin!!
You have NO IDEA the massive, humongous Mt. Everest-sized amount of cheating they'd have to do to keep it close in a NATIONAL election given the ground they'll have to make up by Nov. 2020.
A teacher goes into their job understanding the asymmetry of power that exists between them and their students; it’s a relationship that should never be romantic or sexual bc it’s inherently PREDATORY
Jummah_tul_Alvida Mubarak to all May Allah bless you & your family #Jumma_Tul_Vida
we sharing ships we don't like?? okay i'll join in. confession time?? i HATE kiribaku. they are annoying and stupid and i HATE them, ugh.
The religious right wants you to pray for Trump while forgetting how they smeared Obama  
HE DIDNT HAVE TO BE THIS CUTE WHILE DANCING 
moon hyunbin protector of 
Watch the Clouds on Mars Glide By in This Curiosity Rover  …
If you look like this hit my DMs...I just wanna  …
BRUH. @callmekarizma is gonna be in Seattle on Saturday and I’m just trying to meet him
Y’all ever wonder what it’s like to be...not in the Northeast?
Read my new piece on the @ACSLaw blog: In Tipping Points and Nudges: Review of @CassSunstein's "How Change Happens" | ACS  …, link to a draft of the full review  in @NDJLEPP at the bottom of the piece.
i need to go back to my consistent gym grind bc this ain’t it
really want to do the big chop
So I took my fur babies to the vet today and it ended up costing wayyyy more than planned. I expect it to be reimbursed to the best of your abilities. Small tributes add up and are meaningful, trust me. They mean the world to me, so expect to be noticed. #femdom #findom 
Long story short - Young buck (brother) and I saved up $1200. We were selling random stuffs for about a year. Mom one day said "dejame sarvate ese dinero." Yo todavia estoy esperando ese dinero.... Me: mijaaa y adonde ta mi  …
Oh  …
As far as I know, Grundfos is the  that has does this...1300 colleagues from 59 countries. All foreigners living privately with Danish colleagues. True teamwork and friendship in a world that polarizes more and more! #GrundfosOlympics  …
Tom Cotton took a hammering in the Democrat-Gazette. “Life on the farm makes you tough. You manage the cards you are dealt and find a way to feed your family. But we shouldn’t have to deal with leaders who refuse to fight for us.” - Chair @MJGrayAR  …
“We talk about experience gaps, that's where disruption happens. Things will grow in those gaps.” - @RyanQualtrics 
*when kylo and rey see each other for the first time in tros* kylo: h.. 
Smh she’s  …
Who's ready! It's time for the SEASON TWO #CloakAndDagger finale! Let's go! #LEVELUP #CloakAndDagger
“How do you build an app that doesn’t know what the world looks like. “- @mattmiesnieks talking about @6d_ai. Android support happening after next month. Web SDK? Needs customer use case  – at Ballroom D - Santa Clara Convention Center
Congratulations @josemartimast! 4th Place Finalist in the @Dream_in_Green High School 2018-2019 #GreenSchoolsChallenge @andrewkearns64 #mast1819 @STEMDesignation 
Future teachers! I love these 
Who wants to join a team? Like, reply and message.
Guys. We ordered 30 minutes ago. Still no food. Or service after our original drink. Byeeeee 
 …
"Mueller gave the presumption of innocence to Russian military intelligence agents who were trying to penetrate our electoral system while denying exactly that presumption of innocence for the President of the United States." - @SebGorka on @LouDobbs. 
daily reminder that Jisoo loves you 
The Simp and Arcitys show. We clutch up in the Round 11 to tie the series up 1-1! 
Promises made, promises kept ... to 
By far the greatest awards anyone could give me! To say I love them is a understatement! They have changed my world! Year after year class after class saying good bye is never easy! Love you all and will be here for you until God calls my name! #pattersonskids #mybabies 
Rx drug prices are rising in Canada.  know that something will happen to reduce their ill-gotten vampire-like gains here. They plan to get the money  …
Hey guys, I am now live! Come check out the stream and hangout!  #WeAreYourNemesis #TwitchAffiliate #SupportSmallStreamers @NemesisGG @AlmostFamous_eS @unxchained @FadeGrips
The battery of @baseballlfe157 and @EckelkampLouie teaming up with their mates @BorgiaBaseball for the no-hitter and a trip to the ‘ship!!! Way to go boys!!! #borgia 
Paul Manafort officially forfeits Trump Tower condo to U.S.  …
Best band in the  …
me when someone brings up fighting for women’s 
my cat is leaving behind a trail of 
Good boy hours only!! (W @xXPradaPrinceXx & @sydsowlheap’s son) 
nephew getting  …
Pine-Richland's Josh Johnson lifts the trophy as the baseball team and student section celebrate their 7-2 win against Penn-Trafford during the WPIAL 6A championship on Thursday, May 30, 2019, at Wild Things Park in Washington. (Steph 

Oh me I base  …
The video is here. My first short film. “Saathi Salaam” directed by Musanna Ahmed. A music based short film on religious extremism and honor 
Celebrated 20th anniversary of @amazon Fulfillment Center in Campbellsville w/Sen @maxwellwise. #KY1 
the couple we didn’t know we needed in this world
This is a very big deal for Ukraine’s Army. First broached by CSM Davenport and me at a conference of European Armies discussion in 2012, the last three year brought it to  …
Theda Bara in Cleopatra (1917). Colorized by 
first of all how dare you
Rachel and I came to dinner and she texted me this and I was so soft and it turns out it was all just a ruse to try and get me to buy her a 
Kawhi Leonard debuts a trophy gold @NBhoops OMN1S for Game 1 of the #NBAfinals. Where do these rank of his PEs during the playoffs? 
so i met a zebra the other day and you know damn well i had 
then add  …
We’re kicking off @GoCodeColorado 2019 finals. Good luck to all the finalists! #GoCodeCO #PublicData 
$19.1 billion disaster bill blocked by single GOP lawmaker for third time  
I like the visualization of the 
THANK YOU, SHONDA RHIMES!!!  …
I like your  …
 to the Mecca of College basketball 
So proud of Mr. Mullaney!  …
Temperatures in the 90s? No sweat for @ChrisBakerGolf. The @CycloneMGOLF alum opened the @RexHospitalOpen in 4-under 67, then headed for the practice green. 
@_Unexpectables_ A Frather's day gift from Tarrusk to Task @CzBacklash Im not great with Draconic, but I think everything is spelled right! 
AWH they looked so pwetty :(  …
I really wanted to draw Marina 
Curious too. And curious what legal authority the President plans to use to raise tariffs almost overnight (i.e. in less than two weeks)  …
mushrooms taste like Dried shit and the last time I had them on my pizza the walls started breathing
I've been thinking about him all day so I just 
Qualified for the IEM Chicago closed Qualifier with @TenZedZombie GG to Chris and the boys @AtkArena
Generations of dads: two. Disputes about parenting tactics: infinite. Dredge up childhood memories with the Short family on tonight's all-new #LifeInPieces, streaming live at 9:30/8:30c on @CBS and @CBSAllAccess!  
If you send me the location, then I’ll be right  …
I’m so hard on myself. I expect so much out myself in every aspect because I know who I am. So much so, that Idec what expectations others have of me because mine are MUCH HIGHER, and the crazy part is, it’s more than likely not going to change.
Everyday is Valentine's day for this Lovebirds in USA...
Just spent a while generating Ultima Underworld-like maps at different depths using @slashie_'s StygianGen, which has some pretty cool permutations!  
Well, so much for “letting us finish our run”. There are 3 episodes left of this show I’m so proud of. This groundbreakingly inclusive, big hearted, found-family show we all poured our hearts into. 2 very special eps tonight at 9pm. I’m gonna go & get drunk with my friends.  …
When you on ya mission your worst enemy is free time. Stay Busy
OH YEAH YEAH YEAH 
@SimpTheSickJoke with the round 11 ICE. @eUnited win the S&D and tie the series vs @Envy at 1-1!  
you shouldn’t have to retweet when God always protects, and blesses  …
Plot thickens
Nobody: The heat this 
Whether for gaming or work, G502 LIGHTSPEED can be your daily driver.  : @araltasher #PlayAdvanced 
Idk why people like to be deliberately obtuse with this topic lmaoooo, fake tanning or tanning in general is not racist or blackface/blackfishing. Where it begins to cross into that threshold however is when you’re tanned to the point of racial ambiguity. Simple as that.
That's what's up 
In honour of @CharlieBarnes’ birthday, I‘m tagging ALL OF YOU that see this post to recreate the iconic leg swinging pose Post it online on whatever social media you fancy, tag some friends and then hashtag #LegsOutForCharlieBarnes 
They want unhappy Mexicans to leave, this way they dont start a revolution against their sh*t government.
Congratulations to the following young women for making all conference teams: Madison Serttas- 1st team Makayla Zanders- 1st team Daphne Daymude- 2nd team Ava Grabner- 2nd team Bianca Purpura- 2nd team
Great news on Trump imposing tariffs on Mexico until illegal immigration at our border stops! Ok, now we all can do our part and make sure we don’t spend billions traveling to Mexico and giving them billions from tourism.
For anyone not paying attention, @aoc just brokered a bipartisan deal with TED CRUZ of all people ON TWITTER about banning Congressmen from  lobbyists after their terms end. Amazing, modern  …
BREAKING: President Trump Hits Mexico With Tariffs Over Illegal Immigration  … via @gatewaypundit
Imagine what China must be thinking right now.
i’ve been in the military for about a week now & im not married yet... what am i doing wrong?
President ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ adds a 5% tariff on all Mexican goods to pressure them to stop the flow of illegal migrants crossing the US 
At the police station now. Please pray for us. The Lord knows why. It's a good thing btw
Thank you, Lord! Di muna makaka receive ng text na “Good morning love, kain ka na, ingatan palagi ang sarili, update mo ko always, isipin mo ako always, isipin mo gano kita ka mahal always, miss kita sobra, Good night love” for weeks! I love you both so 
let thy looks be stern.
The only solution is to up the ante by telling her you’re double pregnant
thinking about the “excuse interruption” lady from reef
This is where social media begins to look like a means for some to branch into biological warfare, decreasing another nation's immunity to disease through disinformation.  … via @BIPrime
when u have no one to lick n suck ur toes so u have to do it yourself 
Oh boy. Here we  …
Couldn’t agree with this more. When you’re outraged and angry, reason goes out the window. And confirmation bias is the only thing that will make you feel  …
young Levi can sleep anywhere,just like his  …
3 way call used to be the highlight of my day as a kid.. the ORIGINAL tea
Mexicans kept telling me how agreeing to trade deal with Trump put them in prime position to benefit once Trump turned his fire on China. I tried to warn them. I tried.
Ah man I miss my VSU days ... freshman year was top 5 lol
The one on the right is Simba 100%. Left is Nala.
I forgot I made this... #fusrodah #wrestling #prowrestling #aew #fyterfest #nylarose #nativebeadt 
people who act like they don’t care about shit are so weak LOL. own your fucking feelings.
Megan channeling Three Six Mafia is one of my fav things about the album.
Great thanks to @RuPaulsDragCon for having us on Saturday. We appreciate all who joined us for our set and visited our signing table. Photo with/by the lovely 
Hillary Clinton to serve as keynote speaker at cyber defense summit  …
Join us for @MonsterManiaCon 44 the weekend of OCTOBER 4-6 in Hunt Valley MD! @GroovyBruce @MatthewLillard @RealSkeetUlrich #NeveCampbell #Scream #EvilDead #boomstick 
being in someone’s prayer is just so pure
tweets H/T 
Honored to share the stage with this great man, in his last graduation as @DeWolfHSCobras! Thank you, Frank Duran, for your lifetime of service to @fresnounified! Your efforts to champion every student are so appreciated! #ServiceAboveSelf #FinishingStrong 
Even in the middle of a bombing slaughter of Sunnis by Assad / Russia @joshua_landis &  in on cue to talk about the “concerns” of Christians from ISIS Landis & Heller purposefully work 4 Assad 2 divert attention They r not blind 2 events It’s a  …
Hey everyone! @DanPovenmire has confirmed all the current episodes #MiloMurphysLaw will be on Disney+ this fall! Now it will be MUCH easier to get your friends to watch it!!
This is a @GeoGebra applet I did some time ago to visualize the spirit and Villarceau sections of a toric surface.   
DANGEN Entertainment announce Bug Fables, Smelter, Lore Finder, Tactical Galactical, and Devil Engine Ignition for Nintendo Switch!  
In case you ever wondered why deadlifting is important, I just managed to push/flip this wet 113 lbs box up the stairs on my own in heeled booties. My hands kinda hurt from pulling the box at first, but otherwise took not much effort. Also, new mattress arrived! 
The first rheumatologist I saw told me I was depressed. I have Sjögren’s Syndrome.
Let’s start a thread for our first year teachers. I wish someone told me...
Really nice surprise from @Warcraft, I was sent both 25th anniversary statues! Brightpaw is still 
i love one (1) man and one (1) woman  …
If a Mexican avocado costs you $.50 and a 5% tariff is added how much will you pay for the avocado? Well a 10% tariff would cost you a whopping nickel! So the answer is?
I can't with this chick! #RHONY Jill Zarin Says Bethenny Frankel ‘Doesn’t Have Time’ for Her: ‘I’m Sad About  …
Art pop 
I have to say, I couldn’t do this without my righthand network man, @NevilleRay  …>
Really don’t like that IG notifies me when other  on a picture  on when it’s not a reply to 
JUNG HOSEOK FINALLY TWEETED SAYING HI TO UK THE WAY IM CRYING SHUT UP
NEILAWORLD OFFICAL ROSTER 
A career-high 15 AST from @ReizeyRH earns him @IntelGaming Player of the Game! He is with @AlexGiaimo after @MagicGaming's win to talk about the team's recent success. 
After Seeing @stonebwoyb Post Charle I won't Be Disappointed If @shattawalegh Starts His Things Again Such A Fake Post deirr Stonebwoy!! You aint Guy kuraa
"Beauty And the Beast" with @ArianaGrande is Eligible for Platinum in the US for selling over 1 MILLION units there 
And all our observations are totally consistent with that picture: an infinitely large, nonetheless expanding universe with no edges, no center, no exterior.
This is Emmy’s favorite song I tried getting her to sing with me but she’s only 2 so getting her to sit still for more than a minute is very hard. lol Whiskey Glasses by 
You have been dabbed on by the precious baby dabbing Toi. Good connections and shirikodamas  to you, but only if you reply to this post with "DAB ON, 
iTunes Portugal 1. SHE IS COMING (NEW) 3rd #1 around the world  …
2 HOUR AUCTION peach/hot pink labradorite palmstone! -starting bid is $20 -please bid in $5 increments in  -must tag who you outbid -ends at 7:00pm PST TONIGHT! -shipping not included in price (additional $4 in the USA) good 
How to help your child excel in sports: Back off, and let it 
Gold vibes. #WeTheNorth | 
Yikes, #Qanon track record is getting pummeled lately.  …
THREAD: I had no idea a Pineapple Express was an atmospheric river -- and no concept of the damage they could cause -- before I started working on this story, the fourth in the #StarClimateChange series  …
Response from Greater Manchester Police about Oldham Muslim attack  via @YouTube Anyone who was in Oldham when the TR rally was attacked by the MDL,please watch & retweet, thanks
Letting agency 'ousts tenants and takes 
:') cute! all my @TheWeedTube1 uploads fill out the screen when u look at my channel page & I'm just cheesin' so big in all of them! 
season two finale of #CloakandDagger starts now!!! who is gonna tweet along with us?! don’t forget the hashtag!! @CloakAndDagger
Well that explains a lot about the state of tech...
Just finished moderating a panel with some dope women @PAAC84 and now between watching @Raptors game, finish reading the memoir of the team’s former head coach #JayTriano. I’ll talk to him tomorrow about his time with the team & his love of the sport @TheAgenda 
I asked Pete Buttigieg about his call today for supporters to respect all candidates in the race-- he told me "what I’m seeing is that, you know, candidates, we all have pretty good relationships with each other, we need to make sure that we call on our supporters to do the same"
Make them address the issue. The problem is they make billions off of the suffering of our citizens by dumping tons of narcotics on to our streets.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO THE BEST FANDOM IN PHILIPPINE VOLLEYBALL IF NOT IN PHILIPPINE  …
honestly... if you know you 
dang I love Thorndale
Please lord have 
On impeachment, Buttigieg told me, "there will be accountability if and only if Congress takes the next step...I do think that at this point, Congress has an obligation to defend and uphold the rule of law. I’m not in a position to give very good advice to them on the 
#ThankARef the Bluejackets from Cambridge-Isanti, thanks the great MSHSL Umpires assigned, to work our 7AAAA Baseball Second Round Playoff Game at St. Francis. @MSHSLjohn 
I asked Buttigieg about the WH ordering the USS McCain "out of sight," during Trump's Japan visit-- he said "it sends a message... our troops are to be treated as props," and "it just puts a lie to the idea of 'support our troops' if support our  with an 
I learned not to play with ppl emotions ... shit ain’t cool
he's a ludicrously pure individual, I adore him
You guys learned the word toxic and never looked back lol.
Nobody: Everyone in Texas after a 
i hate each and everyone of you.. ( 
BRIENNE IS THE ONLY PERSON IN THE WHOLE OF WESTEROS WHO CAN LIFT IT. FIGHT ME.
Diametrically opposed foes
Trade War Status: oh it is  …
 …
I just love this outfit.. Do you? 
I was hoping that line was just going to be in the trailer and boy was I  …
I WANT TO INJECT THIS INTO MY 
Ok.... one more time .. an arttrade with one of my facebook friends she is cyam a 
ALBO: “There is no doubt that vested interests did play a role,” he told Nine’s Today program on Friday.” Really! The Labor Party has no vested  …
What is a legacy? It’s planting seeds in a garden you’ll never see. #bestlyricever
3 week food & wine tour of  …
I can’t wait for you to see it!!!!!
.⁦ @anniekarni⁩ ⁦ @AnaSwanson⁩ deadpan > “Mr. Trump’s announcement came the same day his administration told Congress it planned to seek congressional approval of the new trade pact with Mexico and  …
Ted Cruz is perhaps the least trustworthy reptile in Congress. He won’t risk his reputation as a right-wing, obstructionist ideologue by working with @AOC. He will bail on any viable anti-corruption legislation like the slippery, nihilistic snake that he is.
@oomfs stop being cowards and unfollowing me ill be back to normal in 1 day i didn’t ask for this OKAY 
His chief weapon is surprise, surprise and fear, fear and surprise. His two weapons are fear and surprise, and ruthless efficiency. His three weapons are fear and surprise and ruthless idiocy and a fanatical dedication to taxing his own 
idk why this meme sends me eye- this is hyunjin @changbin 
Trump says US will impose 5% tariff on all Mexican imports from June 10 and will stay until "illegal migrants"  into the country from Mexico. King Baby! He is hurting all of us.  …
2005 #TBT. Caption anyone? 
Well, couldn’t make it back to Vegas but gave it my best shot. Congrats to the , both more than deserving for sure. @Johnwaynee90 is again a FREAK on LAN & @TSCCookie it’s your time now. Best of luck in Vegas boys, know you’re both gonna kill it for the good ole !  – at NBC Sports Group
Behind every powerful woman, there’s a group chat hyping her up  …
pre-WS bucky! maybe a WIP? maybe 
Some traders go on variation of trading tilt not caused by a specific bad trade. The feeling of over confidence in your recent trading success takes over and affects your sound judgement. Soon you squander away days worth of profits. Call this positive tilt if you like.
akimov: the core exploded dyatlov: that's impossible. someone go look at the core and the rods. akimov: THERE IS NO CORE ANYMORE 
Trump announces escalating tariffs against Mexico, starting at 5 percent, until illegal immigrants STOP The international language of hardball  …
You got the bag and fumbled  …
So this time around he's gonna slaughter... a Mexican drug cartel. I assume this script was written in 1992.
If this went viral, there would be hell 
“Feedback is a function of respect” Learning so much about #leadership styles tonight with my colleague @MarandaThomps and my mentor @Pri_Armijo. Great tips so 
I hope there is another alternative reality where these two are happy together and have 
Was hell to brush my hair after 
I missed #Supergirl so much. And I have to say, I finally understand the #Supercorp shipping. Lena wants to protect Kara so 
15 rts for @Its_Ahrx to sub to me 
This was good.
Win a life-size Chucky doll in our @ChildsPlayMovie fan art challenge! NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. #ChildsPlayMovie SUBMIT:  
Here is the new trailer for the  episode of mystery101 on hallmarkmovie ! So excited for you guys to see it ! @Tennessee  …
Heard that the #Sabres have met with London Knights forward Connor McMichael at the NHL Combine in Buffalo this week. He’s definitely an intriguing option with their second first round pick
I’m releasing 1-2 songs every month for the rest of the year fuck it
hope u guys are ready cause im not. im gonna cry so hard when u hear this
cole was a gift from god in this 
This is such a huge G-7 multiplex sold out entire week for #BharatThisEid #Bharat madness begins #SalmanKhan @BeingSalmanKhan @Bharat_TheFilm 
This is the kind of next-day, stay-pissed-offness that I live for. Love it. 
Visibility in downtown #yeg is about two blocks because of smoke from fires that were made more likely by climate change. Good thing we’re repealing the carbon tax. We can use our carbon tax savings to buy respirators. Thanks @jkenney! #yegsmoke #abpoli #ableg 
Bump up her  …
The imaam in Taraweeh couldn’t stop crying when reciting Surah Ar-Rahman. “So which of the favour of your Lords, would you deny. This is Hell, which the criminals deny. ” (55:42-55:43) O Allah!
Royal Marines novice boxing champs tonight. Always a great night. A privilege to host. As ever ferocious boxing and everything left in the ring. Thank you to ⁦ @bigphilcampion⁩ and ⁦ @Glenn_McCrory⁩ and ⁦ @theRMcharity⁩ for their 
super excited to be back in Austin next  by the @GCPcloud booth @PaloAltoNtwks #IgniteYourSecurity and see how together we delivery secure migrations  better than anyone else! #CloudSecurity @gcloudpartners
Like all of your businesses, you are determined to destroy all of America too.
10 mins with Jay Z at Dairy  …
80% of Mexican exports go to the U.S - BBG
“Feedback is a function of respect.” @TomVargheseJr sharing from @BreneBrown research and writing in his lecture this evening in the @CreightonCHEE 2019 Healthcare Leadership Dinner Series. #Diversity 
SUNMI and BTS, my babies, are in my city, my favourite place rn, and im just so happy. Sunmi held my hands. She smiled and awwed at me in the crowd :((( pure, genuine, sweet people who work their asses off for us
Destiny presents its LIVING on the EDGE wrestling tour LIVE in Sarnia Sun July 21 with special guests Brian Pillman Jr and former ECW WWE star RHYNO get your tickets now  
The only Karen I feel bad 
Time for some Thorazine in his drinking water..
If you can’t figure out the zipper merge you are a dumb piece of shit. Can’t make it any nicer than that. It’s literally a normal merge everywhere else but they throw “zipper” in it here so our lil country asses in Sask will get on board. My god.
You need to get Instapundit’s new social media book... 
ew stop saying seminal
I realize this may not be intended to be permanent policy but the 10-year score on the full 25% tariff on Mexican imports would be on the scale of “backfill a lot of TCJA’s tax cuts with a consumption tax” large,  …
This @IamMayorKun ft @iamkissdaniel true jam is a fvckin bop my Goddd
just need to let the world know that @Chris_Villain just referred to his instagram as “the shirtless kingdom”
Look who’s BACK!!!! Tiger Nation Summer League!!! Let’s GEAUX 
“A sitting President cannot be indicted by the DOJ  crimes, that’s Congress’ job.” Fixed it for you. I agree that y’all should be doing your jobs and proving that America does not have a King, but a citizen who is subject to laws.
When they trophy was on center court and the sides of it said playoffs throughout it all  …
The Democrats do not want a civilized country. They want a Banana Republic where they hold power with an iron  …
whatever you do sis, keep it cute sis 
this one's for all of the sad homies out 
The ball is in your court @SpeakerPelosi  …
He shook all their hands for over an hour. High energy very stable genius. @realDonaldTrump
All this extra shit cause of a fly I’m fuckin crying it be like that tho I understand 
My latest: The Strategy Episode 
Me and my boys page just touched 2k @stepcorrectuk keep supporting 
Congratulations Comet Class of 2019 - Way to Go Comets! You are SC Pride, Pride, Pride! 
lets go, hit 61m nosc bolt
Yoooooooo Logan Warmoth. HR, 2B, 3B in first three ABs, and they're just in the 4th. Get that  …
US federal prosecutors file court document naming President of #Honduras #JuanOrlandoHernandez as target of investigation by @DEAHQ for "large-scale drug-trafficking and money laundering 
Sugar money. #findom #femdom #goddess #shiny #fetish #UKdommes @iWantClips  
Well, she seems well versed in the subject. 
I don’t know why I be worried like God doesn’t have everything under control
i really do love those two (2) human beings 
People that have nothing going for them love to try and ruin what you got going for you.
I look down on you and your fugly wifey. Time to max out her creditcard too #moremoneyforgoddess #findom #humanatm #homewrecker #femmefatale #findomme #geldslaaf @find0m 
I love my outfit 
Sudan's military rulers say Khartoum protest camp a threat to security, order Al Jazeera office be shut down, without giving any reason  
Me: I need a break from covering this transnational crime syndicate. Yay! New "Jane the Virgin" episode is out! New "Jane the Virgin" 
Bless to receive an offer from Western Illionios University. Thanks @CoachTHowle 
Epic fail on carbon pollution - inevitable from a government with no coherent policy  …
Get up from under 
#PLEASE EVERYONE! PLEASE #DONATE TO #HELP THIS PRECIOUS BABY SURVIVE! This #RESCUE desperately needs our #Help #PleaseRT #dogfriends #savethemall #savealife #StopAnimalAbuse @Leesi_Girl @oliviamunn @OliviaHusseyLA @KeithOlbermann #fightanimalcruelty #dogs #RESCUE  …
Winona Ryder and Reese Witherspoon attending the Golden Globes in 2000. 
This was absolutely masterful.  …
My crocs have HOLES So my SWAG Can BREATH
hm i think there are better ways to make the "kink in public is inappropriate" argument without using the historically homophobic "think about the kids!" argument
I normally do not like flight delays but my delay today out of Seattle gave me a really great opportunity to share the Gospel with one of the wheelchair pusher guys here. Nice young man whose conscience is really accusing him. He listened intently & seemed to understand.
me @myself knowing i should’ve been asleep ages 
Unbelievably BlessedAll Praise to  …
A piece of rainbow 
Breaking News: President Trump said he would impose tariffs on Mexican goods that would “gradually increase” to punish the country over 
Yup, still one of the coolest campuses ever. Thanks @Gnomon_School for another awesome Employer Preview 
My #Caligirls and I had such an amazing few days with our favorite guys! @NKOTB First Vegas, then Hollywood Bowl and ended our road trip with Bakersfield! Honestly the best freaking time ever! Love these ladies #CassetteCam @NikkiCurtis3739 @CheRyl_cali_74 
Happy Birthday, Frank 
Young Thug and Gunna at Rolling Loud Miami 
One 
-30,000 people in the stands . - @AFThunderbirds ripping over head. -getting called up on stage by the @POTUS to shake his hand . Where else can you find this besides the  …
God damn I love you. Even if ur head as wide as a Samsung
Some of y’all are for everybody and it shows

You ever get hit with a wave of loneliness and realize how much you really 
Good move @realDonaldTrump ! Time for Mexico to  part of the solution or pay the  …
She's one of the richest self-made women in America, with a net worth at $420 million. Here's how she did it. (via 
Vera Level #Suriya fans celebration Partyyyyy starteddd at #FansfortRohini @RohiniSilverScr #NGK #NGKFire #NGKFromMay31 #NGKDAY #NGKFromToday @Suriya_offl @prabhu_sr @selvaraghavan @Sai_Pallavi92 @Rakulpreet @SuriyaFansClub 
Joe Biden expanded his lead in congressional endorsements Thursday, landing the backing of second-term Rep. Al Lawson of 
IS 
If you're awake,like this tweet and @someone that's still awake...Let's follow each other...If you want to talk,you can.
Mohamed bin Zayed: The UAE has been and will continue to be supportive of joint Gulf and Arab action, and all that will safreguard the region's right to stability, peace and development.
2 things: This is way sharper than a 50 dollar sword sold on Amazon should be. Did you see how clean that cut was?! I’m a freaking 
Go Trump go, go Trump go, hey America what do you say, MAGA's gonna win today. Trump announces escalating tariffs against Mexico, starting at 5 percent, until illegal immigrants  …
AD Moos: "We've got to have that taste and hunger to not talk about 1997 and start talking about those great teams of 2020, 2023 and 2025”  …
i made some bear shaped chocolates !! im very pleased with how they turned out ^~^ 
'They gave and gave': Auburn Family remembers the lives of Rod, Paula Bramblett at memorial service in Auburn Arena  
Our gorgeous girl is growing up so fast Be sure to visit soon to check out Carrie the rhino calf roaming our African 
stop boosting mediocrity please that’s all I ask
Back to #SEO basics:  guide to the 3 main factors in search rankings by @crestodina Check if you know well all of them/refresh your knowledge  via @orbiteers
Dinner 
How much creepier can Amazon's Alexa get? Apparently, much  …
Camden hangs with her friends at the @Orioles' Bark at the Park, and @JNNewtWBAL throws out the first pitch!  
Star of #CaptainMarvel #BrieLarson wields a lightsaber at #StarWarsGalaxysEdge:  
Bruce Davidson, 1996. Southampton. The Queen Elizabeth 2 in dry dock for maintenance. Check out for more pics:  
Wish my gf and i could live with each other already !!
Attention geeks of the world.... watch this space 
#BTSinLondon I CAN'T BREATJSNDNDNDND MY BEST FRIENDS ARE DEFINITELY READY FOR THE CONCERT... D-1!!! LET'S 
live your life to the full, take nothing and no one for granted because everyone isn’t here forever
Rick ross so underrated its not even  …
Huh. And so many ppl in my timeline blame the US for failed talks, which is ridiculous. Maybe. Maaaaaaybe Kim is a ruthless dictator and more than a tad unreasonable.
Just finished at the #BookExpo Happy Hour signing with a few wonderful people 
Rest In Peace Mr. Anthony Major Your presence will be missed by us all 
Patriarchy is very interested in revealing feminists to be ultimately  and incoherent — and as morally bereft as those we stand in opposition to. This is the misogynistic prism by which all women’s leadership is viewed and indicted. 7/n
Who’s the moron that thought this was a good idea? Lol....
omg 
“Sometimes you have to have courageous conversations.” Something @TrudyDelhey said during the Instructional Specialist session that really resonated with me. Thank you! #nchsvisualarts #CTLA19 #artedsga #arteducator #artteacher 
You ever be like “it is what it is” but deep down your heart wishes shit was different!
Air guitar is my specialty 
So. Much.  …
HELLO SKYJOHN IT IS I GROUNDCHUCK REPORTING FROM THE DIRT
2 likes
190531 Music Bank entrance (1) #GOT7 #갓세븐 #Jinyoung #진영 #GOT7_SPINNINGTOP 
This is the permanent link (useful in case new revisions are published): 
President says new tariffs on all Mexican goods will rise by 5 percentage points each month up to 25% “unless and until Mexico substantially stops the illegal inflow of  through its territory.” Seems like tariffs designed  domestic Mexican law enforcement.
A great read at 25,000 feet on the way to Darwin. Congrats to good friend @bedey5 on game 150 for the mighty @UniBlacksFC - wish I could be there but hopefully we’ll be beating up on your beloved  …
If you thought this song already had enough munchkin voice, you thought wrong thanks so much @iamholmsey for this remix  
Congrats to our Track & Field Teams - Boys are CIAC Class L Champions! Girls are CIAC Class L Runners-Up!
I keep my gun on the road 
RT if you don’t think Mexico is doing enough to stop illegal immigration into America!
We are in a full blown trade war with 2 of our 3 biggest trading  …
I LOVE SAN DIEGO
Light fingers trace the shivers in my spine Soft lips insinuate he's melting mine He makes his way along the vertebrae Until he reaches my nirvana Never once  less than lasting love. #PoemTrail
Have you ever been so mad because you have nothing to wear that you just don’t even want to go out anymore? Because same
MAN, OH  …
All these boys I used to like in hs are hitting me up stressing I glo‘ d up lmao
Exposing the fraud called Nigeria is my top priority, with Nnamdi Kanu Nigeria is finished and already in a dust bin #BiafraHeroesDay2019 I hail all great #Biafrans #IPOB #lovers of #freedom #worldwide and say God bless you all #NeverAgain #WeWillNeverForget
nothing is better than talking to someone  with
For people that don’t think this is serious, it’s fucking serious. I’ve had a knife pulled on me in a parking lot along with another encounter where a MAN decided to put his hands on me. I don’t take this lightly and neither should any of  …
Complex called me an icon all yall can suck My left nut
Trudeau's girl (obviously as she is a lefty Canadian) Kristina has Albanese mesmerised making a captains call in appointing her to the shadow front bench maybe as a Plibersek clone.But apart from the restlessness this created among Labor seniors he now has Shorten to worry about.
#URGENT #NYC #CATS precious CORONA deserves a loving forever family and desperately needs our help by 6/1! Please RT/adopt/foster/pledge! #TeamKittySOS  
00:34 an 
YOU CAN'T LEAVE YOUR DOOR OPEN AND COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MOSQUITO IN YOUR HOME BUILD THE WALL
Don’t sit this one out! You  meet Amanda of @texmexeats and taste the incredible food at her pop-up restaurant on Cambridge St. She’s one of the many small business owners that makes #CambMA such a vibrant and exciting place to live (and 
TRUST YOUR INTUITION Something don’t feel right? Trust & believe it ain’t
 through for me yet again! I ordered a 14 because it was the largest they offered, and yet, they have my measurements in my account, so an 18 arrived today and it fits perfectly. 
Ok now, who wants to lead the next summit? Raise your hand.  …
"Even in my darkest days, even in my lowest place, you love me the most" - 2019 by @mileycyrus new song @liamhemsworth #mileycyrus 
my future kids finna take the bus. I’m done walking up at 7 am
I appreciate everyone trying to help by spreading this but for reasons I need to lock down all my social and  private. I appreciate all of you  …
being friends with girls is so much drama sometimes
I wouldn’t  …
Drum sequence at the end of title track “Pain Again” by Varials rt if you agree
Happy #FreeCodeFriday! Riding a motorcycle with saw-blade wheels is undeniably cool, so by extension, winning #SteelRats on #XboxOne in our #FreeCodeFridayContest would be pretty dang cool. Right? Right. Follow Retweet Register #giveaway entry  
“Puras Fallas” been the motto for this week already
#bbnaija Bentley level,Nina only u two baddest stylist 
Don't Get It Twisted Boo, Im Waaayyyy Too Cute For Youuu Get it twisted 
Remember she said Chris could date liberty after they broke up bc she thought liberty was a downgrade and would make her look bad
I have never wanted to go to creeps more in my life than I wana go to an hour of billie eilish next week holy shit @Creeps_Thursday
Congratulations @TigerSoftball19 on a big win tonight! State Tourney time!!!!
Who cares what that witch has to say
Central Processing Building X92K  together nicely. Really happy with this 
LIVE with #Dauntless! Playing with viewers! Let's go on a monstrous adventure - together!  #Monstrosities #KappaKrew 
BREAKING: President Trump said that the U.S. would impose a 5% tariff on all Mexican goods on June 10 until migrants are stopped from entering the US illegally through 
If y’all see me walking around with beer and Zaxby’s, with bags under my eyes, no shoes on and wearing a hoodie in 90 degree weather; mind ya bidness it’s the sad girl strut and I’m OWNING IT
If I catch em lookin at my baby ima laugh
Proud to present the New Dolla Gettin Mixtape out everywhere !!! We need y’all to & tune in, share any song you like off the mixtape and tag @dollagettin #Tapin  
my dog is ready for game 1 lets 
Umm.... no kidding ! I think the majority of Republicans would have stroked out by now if President Obama had done a fraction of these 
Quick sketch to loosen up between all these serious drawings~ #kh #akusai 
I can’t make you act right I can only make you wish you did 
Good. The flood of illegals needs to  …
The Louisiana law will go into effect only should a federal appeals court uphold a similar Mississippi 
2. The statute of limitations says that you must charge someone within 5 years of the crime  The prosecutors argue to the judge that because the DOJ/OLC policy says we can’t indict a sitting president, the judge should deem that the statute of limitations . . .
Believe me, I fully get the “read the damn story” sentiment, having muttered that many times myself, but there is a utility to writing nut grafs plainly, rather than as tests of deductive reasoning.
Ready for Day 2 
Wanna start my own Tile Installation Company but have limited resources besides social media ,so hopefully if y’all could help me out and hopefully I’ll find more clients ! Years Of Experience ! I go Showers,Floors,Backspalsh. Anything Tile Related ! Dm 4 
theres no doubt park jimin is whipped for the word 
Who else LOVES  …
Ed Piskor on X-Men, Michel Fiffe on GI Joe, Dash Shaw on Clue of all things. I want to see more publishers doing this stuff.
1. This is a great point. Here’s my take (& it’s not one that will make justice-seekers happy): let’s assume federal prosecutors indict the president after he leaves office for crimes that  more than 5 years before the indictment is handed down . .  …
nobody: girls on 
This is the first series i haven’t felt confident about the warriors, since 2013...i just can’t un-forget those regular season games where toronto took everything away
Two virginians and an immigrant walk into a room.
They are such cuties!  …
It's been a great year going back to the classroom as a @KindRockets With 9 days left, here is our year "By the Numbers!" #tosachat #mbcue #alisalstrong #bardinstrong #wearecue #k2cantoo #seesawchat @Seesaw @RemindHQ @EpicKidsBooks @quizizz @Flipgrid @cueinc 
But really! These are amazing! I am so excited, are  …
if you text me and say “minus well” instead of “might as well” I swear imma block you.
Hmm..since Lincoln is pulling back the curtain on his accounts outside of personal, I suppose I’ll follow suit. In case you weren’t aware.. @TalbotStBridge —> @edjackman  …
Black women, you're beautiful. You deserve to be spoiled rotten. You deserve better than broke baby daddies, felons, and hoteps. Please demand better for yourself and only accept men who can provide for you and you can brag about.
OMG ...... UBER delivers its first results after its IPO & they are .......yes you guessed it another 1 BILLION LOSS A crashing stock price & another BILLION of investor cash burned As the “Steve Miller” band says “take the money & run “  
Terrible news—Baltimore Symphony Orchestra cancels summer season - The Washington Post | when you cut and eviscerate the artistic product what do you have? #music  …
I'm just a regular citizen burdened with a  that makes me intolerant of politicians who disregard the plight of the people who elect them. Follow / Reply / RT / Like #FBRParty #FBResistance #Resisters #Resist #Resistance
Artist confession: all those doodles? They're not doodles...they took me at least an hour..,. Nothing i draw takes less than an hour
Donald Trump announced new tariffs against Mexico twenty minutes ago, and overnight stock market trading has already gone off a cliff. He just broke the U.S. economy with a single tweet. I don't know about you, but I'm getting tired of all this winning.
Haha my guy
he’s so cute ꒰ #슈가 ࿐ ࿔* ♡ ⤷ ꒰ #BTS⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠ ♡ ⤷ ꒰ #SUGA ♡ ⤷ ꒰ 
butt and feets for the win~ 
In 5 minutes, a legend, mentor, friend, savior, and professional devoted City Public Servant will retire. Mindy, your dedication to the City and the Department  Thank you for all that you gave, and enjoy a very long, happy and healthy retirement. 
Sorry Jess, you don't get to spend years sabotaging the party then blame others when we do badly. Try having a word with your colleagues who actually advised voting against the party, hmm?
the “we make each other laugh so hard that we fall into each other’s arms” 
im getting impatient
I just got a bunch of Board of Immigration Appeals decisions in. I believe that the Board is contracting with high school students to write these decisions.
The “Mascot SS Tee” in Lavender is currently sold out at  but it’s priced at 
fr my mental health is sooooo bad rn all i’m doing is sleeping:(
Dear Patriots, we need to wipe out  so don't quit fighting or praying. 
Aaaaaaaand that is absolutely enough  for tonight, I’m  …
another reason to hate  …
100,000 times  …
Us trying to figure out why we’re still impacted by our trauma even though we’ve learned all the technical terms, theory, and gone to 
I'm sick of the faking, the using, the taking The people calling me obscene You hate me, you love me, you just wanna touch me I'm only trying to get some peace So let me do me I'm a little drunk, I know it I'ma get high as hell I'm a little bit unholy So what?So is everyone 
I really don't get how strangers can  friends with my friends but when they start talking to me they automatically want to have sex :/
Rihanna clapbacks, A 
If people don’t want to be in my life I’m not forcing them.
Sometimes i sit back and think about how many of us could’ve been successful together if we just set ego aside
One more birthday wish to this Champ! Can’t wait to have her cross that #HD45 finish line in #victory #TakeBack45 #txlege #courageousconservative #TeamIsaac #txgop 
UR SO LUCKY OMG
As if the price of avocados wasn't already outrageous. Buying a single avocado at Whole Foods will soon cost $412 and you'll have to hand over your car title to get a side of guac at Chipotle. Is this what "winning" feels like?!?
Every time I listen to break up with your girlfriend, i’m bored while walking, I always feel so GOOD. I feel powerful.
snooty & pretentious is fun as a mask but there are so many other masks. i can't imagine living in one all the time. how boring.
Do you guys think the apocalypse is going to happen in the near future at the rate our Earth is decaying?
Just sit and ask yourself if you have improved one bit this Ramadan. Have you noticed a difference? Even if it’s a personal reflection on the slightest thing but as long as you feel you have made a difference then really thank Allāh. Commit to improving yourself after this month!
if you dont like tomatoes we can still be friends but you are unfortunately not valid
I dont know who needs to hear this... but GO GET A JOB and go make your OWN money, end of discussion.
bruh what
If Mexico tariff crisis drags on, on Aug. 1st the amount of tariffs on Mexican goods would outpace the total amount that has been put on Chinese goods (52.5 bln vs. 50 bln) (assuming no additional tarffs on $300 billion Chinese goods by then)
iTunes Australia 189. (+18) Mother's Daughter - Miley Cyrus *New Peak* 
Powerful message. Valedictory address in the  …
When we say healthcare is a human right, housing is a human right, the most marginalized are left most affected by the systems in place.
If you’ve been struggling to see the bright side, ask yourself — What are the blessings from this situation?
Rosie the pug is So Proud of her Best Pug Ever bandanna from my darling friend Jill Duffy 
i need a bottle of wine and to be held for the next 14 hours
I done earned my stripes Now i’m tryna get some real 
Congratulations to all the @PatriotsAHS class of 2019. @PSN_Elem @JCGElementary @spanishlakeelem @CharlesDWycheES 
Does Trump understand he is dealing with global tariffs and not a late video rental  …
Inferno Saga brought the most coherent and strong version of Jean Grey .. No doubt about It 
Girls with nasty attitudes are so ugly :/
When you “hurry up & wait” at #NVLeg you have time for awards “Best Hair of NVLeg 80th Session” @drake_ridge and @Irahansen man 
Had an awesome time at Pebble with Jill and good friends!! Time to get back to Lynchburg and get some ballers to 
As a Black person, you really haven’t cooked until you’ve been popped by some hot grease
kpop idols loves justin omg we love an icon  …
Covering someone’s username in a screenshot before roasting them has a nice sentiment but it’s utterly pointless when we can just look up the words and find them
My nipple piercings are literally just here looking cute for no one
she  is #1 in my 
How it happened 
Everyone: How many shadows are you gonna add? Me: 
Checked on "tiny" today and she doing great. What a nice 
if you didn’t see the Wiggles in concert when you were a kid... your childhood sucked.
This is  Hate has to be banned in all media. 
h-hyeonsu? my heart broke the moment i heard him say “appa” y’all do know how much his dad promotes him? how he’s beating the sun just to tell everyone to vote for his son. he’s walking on the streets holding boards with hyeonsu’s name and giving out cards 
Sometimes a cuddle from an overgrown fluffy puppy makes your day, and she demands it by flopping on top of you #mommasgirl #berner #sillysascha 
You’ll get paid extra for that, right?  …
And we’re off at the @ALTAdotLAW Conference with @christianllang’s keynote. It’s all about  doesn’t dissipate! 
#NGKFire @Suriya_offl #NGK @selvaraghavan Early Morning 
Congratulations to our President-elect  …
Senator Warren does not appeal to a broader base than @BernieSanders. There simply isn’t enough data to convincingly support that argument. And, while I’d absolutely vote for her, I also believe she would get demolished by djt.
The last election shows we need laws to stop lies and misinformation in political advertising and statements. The #MSM failed in their duty to challenge and hold the government to account.
Trump was a wild card in 2026 and he still got elected. Plenty of people, myself included, were not 100% sure how he would govern. Since he got elected, all he’s done is keep promises. He’s no longer unknown and a lot more people are firmly behind him now. The press is lying.
Hello 
Immigrants cause global warming Mr President......We must save the environment.....Close the Border....
hoseok: HOPE RIGHT HERE!!! UK!!! 
so this mexican tariff bullshit is just trump desperately trying to get the headlines off of the mueller report right
Members say they love fast greens then  about having so many three puts. I’m never going to win am I 
Trump 2020 MAGA
“Trade wars are good, and easy to  …
Come get me without your gun #TrophyHunter #FairFight #BanTrophyHunting 
Just like that, the Mueller investigation is paid for. The government owns Paul Manafort's former condo at Trump Tower. Judge Berman Jackson signed the order 
Is it me or are @bbcquestiontime on anti-Brexit steroids since the EU election? How can anyone take this network seriously anymore!? #BBCbias #brexitbashing
just doing our thing while everyone and everything 
Wrapping these for my update on Saturday :’) 
Why do alcoholic white men love Hawaiian t shirts
That’s surprising considering all the nice things I’ve heard about him.
There were some really cute scenes of Elena & Devon sharing some fruit. I somehow deleted them by mistake, but i saved a few caps of them dancing. Their chat was very sweet. I enjoyed these scenes a lot. #Elevon #YR 
That's one  …
Forever grateful & so thankful for my time at Chatt State & Reinhardt 
I is laugh at every thing i aint suppose to laugh at
This GBC Foton 30 Laminator is AMAZING!!! It’s the best addition we’ve ever made to our coaches’ office. It runs multiple sheets at a time and it cuts the film 
#IG | Lauren posted on her story 
Do you know of a disinfectant for bad DMs? I need it badly.
First public appearance of the new Black & Gold Kit: #HamiltonIsHome Thanks, @TRUEHAMILTONIAN!  – at Theatre Aquarius
I feel like this @aaroncarter shirt is 100% 
lightsaber battles in the Galaxy’s Edge men’s room
I have no 
Laugh at ignorance, and to keep my hands off of  …
Guys @PlaySugarHouse in NJ are offering no vig on NBA Finals games point spread markets. $250 max.
That Death Stranding ladder: can't stop thinking of this 
They should give the toy to people who buy large box Mac meals (the king of orders) not small children who pay next to nothing for a happy meal.
As I eat this bowl of cookie 
Yup. In 2016 as his supporters protested HRCs rallies, threw $$at her car; as his most vocal surrogates proclaimed hard they would vote Jill NOT Hill & as his Berners booed every single speaker at the conv- HRC, Abrams, Lewis, etc, he said nothing. He's a fraud.
“The greatest gift you can give to another is the purity of your attention”. #NoteToSelf #FridayFeeling
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!! On NOW its New Music by @Camila_Cabello and @MarkRonson #FinduAgain !!! #StJohnsPlayHouse 
why did my little sister title her science project this 
Just sent the first draft of my research project for review! So exciting to explore the psychological benefits of video games
I’m listening to brokencyde. I’m someone’s mother. This is disgusting.

Not about choosing words. It’s about choosing a frame. Is the person a character in a trauma? Or is the trauma merely a part of their character? The latter approach gives power and agency to subject.
it's a beautiful day to leave me 
everyday was a sandal at  …
Who else is disgusted that the media is ignoring Clive Palmer's destruction of democracy in cahoots with the IPA and the LNP? It is a shame Australia has turned into a satellite of Trump's America where the biggest bastard wins.
this was one of the best ikon stages, i wish YG put more effort into bp’s award show performances instead of making them walk down the stage catwalk for 5 minutes 
Man this made me so sad...had to call my mom. Sorry for your loss Roman  …
When we talk about technology, we're also talking about people. Register for #PeepSec to hear my discussion with @ozalashe about the human side of cyber security.  
My mom before abandoning me as a  …
let’s go fellow kidnappers next tweet update
I actually like my dads side of the  …
Congratulations Class of 2019 @Coconut Creek High School. Enjoy the next phase of your life while making  & families proud! @browardschools @RobertwRuncie @BCPSChiefOSPA 

#URGENT #NYC #CATS charming tabby CHARLIE deserves a loving forever family and desperately needs our help by 6/1! Please RT/adopt/foster/pledge! #TeamKittySOS  
I took a loooong break from art, but so happy to say I’m stirrin up something new 
W T actual F. No. This has never happened and I am furious at the thought that it has happened to any woman  …
throwback to 2 years ago when i dressed up in my brothers clothes and got in the background of brittanys snap to make her bf jealous. and id do it again so ladies if u need a fake man just slide in my DMs!!! serious inquiries only 
I want to be his personal shower, I will lick his body clean.
Men said proudly that the Young Wolf was the first to rise each dawn and the last to sleep each night, but Catelyn wondered whether he was sleeping at all. He grows as lean and hungry as his 
Mexico is our third largest trading partner. We imported around $350B from them last year and exported $265B to them, resulting in a fairly small trade imbalance.  …
anyways at least i’m bold enough to admit i only wanted a notice during tuesday selfies. some of y’all that preach about ppl only caring about notices are the ones that span ur selfies under serious tweets from the twins but that’s okay just be who you are
Mexico WILL pay for that  …
Watching peak nick cannon in DRUMLINE with a little baby bottle of water on the plane life is 
what are some of 'must-watch' vids of TXT? (besides MV)
Three things we can do to prepare for the future @Michael_McQueen #QBConnect @QuickBooksAU 1 - Dig our well before you are thirsty 2 - Focus on the friction being experienced by your client (Enpathy) 3 - Foster a Healthy Paranoia (Hunger and Humility, 
Look how big my boy  …
I do wish there was a credible way to end 'tribal politics'. I live in Barnsley...It's a Labour heartland and in the last GE got a 13k majority for Labour. Mainly because it 'was' a mining town and generations of people just blindly vote Labour. They voted 'leave'. 1/2
...you’re just EMBARRASSED because I was like, this amazing thing, like your special creation or 
*prints and frames this on my  …
hello 
I've had enough of your shit. Doesn't matter, I'll still RT it.
Hiring a new bartender for my #cyberpunk #vrchat world. Current one keeps bullying me 
This can’t be true. We must stop this madman now before he destroys the economy. This can’t be legal. Now #Mexico ??? This will kill some  ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦ @KamalaHarris⁩  … via ⁦ @nytimes⁩
Go 
Yes mam, Very well  …
Bad-ass women planners (in sunglasses). As always, @bellhookedme reminds me of how to honor the radical scholars who built @uclaurbnplnning & how we can continue that work in newly difficult 
HOW CAN SHE DID YOU RISK IT TO YOUR LIFE FOR SAVE THE SOMEONE AND TOWN SAY IT'S NOT TRUE 
Time for a bit of honesty from me. I’ve been inactive lately bc I’ve been pretty depressed (although I’ve been doing better lately). I tend to close myself off and deal with things alone, which isn’t very helpful.
@CALA_1111 @WGinetta @BlissTabitha @drew0388 @PeggyRuppe @AOC @SandraKayWard5 @Atheoryoffacts @deplorabletbs40 @Hmcruzr @Trump45MAGA @Trump45realdeal @KAG_CAMP @Sherribaron1⁩ @RealMattCouch @gatewaypundit @montz01 ⁦ @WGinetta @TrumpStudents Y'all enjoy this incredible 
After covering 25 baseball & softball games in person this year (it would have been more if I could make Monday games), my 2019 season is officially in the books. Now it’s time to start working on our All-Mirror teams. 
Auntie Tiannah keeps stepping up her styling game cause she's been so on point lately... not that she wasn't good before tho but it just keeps getting better, our gorgeous queen rocks the heck out of this attire... Stanning till eternity. #QueenIvyAt23 
“Let it not be said that we did not move heaven and earth to drive out this regime.” Join the movement to drive out this fascist Trump/Pence Regime! #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNOW #TrumpPenceMustGo  …
wow.. God gained another Angel today.. please pray for @_Jace_99’s family. Rest Easy bud
in case y’all thought i was joking about  a book review channel 
The structure was also putting on a show on Monday. This was north of Wray, Colorado as the sun was setting! 05/27/2019 @ReedTimmerAccu @SimonStormRider @JimCantore @StormHour @spann @NWSGoodland @fox2ch @SteveTempleton @NikonUSA 
Sorry don’t know her, I only know JinHit
Day really has the most toxic fandom. She deserves better. Cara fans can't relate. They too busy getting ready to celebrate her 5th finals appearance in a row. 
My insurance doesn’t cover mental health & these are the prices I’m looking at.... each appt.... and that’s why some people never get help. Bc not only is therapy hard to do it’s expensive 
Idc how fine he is if he cut them lights on I’m doing 200 inna dash 
"This moment demands something bolder, something we have imagined but never fully realized. We have to win the war of ideas and we have to build the power on the ground to make it possible." @ksabeelrahman of @Demos_Org at 
Fuck this. Also, this is me. But still, fuck this. I'm Gen X. Also, thank Baby Jesus no one ever put a ring on it. If I get cold at night, I'll burn my piles and piles of  …
i finally think the Jonas brothers are 
my bed partner thinks that by laying all the way on the other side of a king sized bed and building a mountain of pillows in the middle he can escape my ice cold feet, but the joke is on him, I have long legs and even 100 pillows are no match for my steely determination
12 year old me: 18 year old me: 25 year old me: 50 year old me: 70 year old me: ───────────── 0:01 1:26 Yu Yu Hakusho OP ◄◄⠀▐▐ ⠀►► 
i wonder if @LittleMix realize how much they mean to us. like reading some of the #MixersBounceBack tweets, it really shows just how much theyve inspired us to the point that their music saved us. like they have reached past mere inspiration, you know.
The final moment of last night’s victory. Who doesn’t love Pat Nagle? Ya gotta watch the goalies embrace. Sniff. Sniff. We believe in our @ToledoWalleye! 
Most frustrating episode 
Hey #JerkyTeam! We’re looking to partner with a few photographers! If you’re interested in working with us, shoot us a DM or email us at  Not a photographer, tag some who is!
Clocked out with @nuequipstaff for the last time today. Wild to think I started out at USF just cause I needed some money to pay rent. Four years, two programs and three bowl rings later, my time as a student in CFB is over. I’ll be back soon, but I’ll be a press box next 
Democrats are ACCELERATING their leap to the far far FAR Left, which is causing them to BLEED support they used to be able to count on. People are leaving that party in droves.
Talked to both Felix and his son Jeremy today after they played catch on the field. Jeremy says he's going to be a professional baseball player. Felix says he's definitely got the talent and the swagger.
everybody got they hands out and want something from me but when i was down and out i couldn’t even get a call from y’all
. @Charli_XCX, @Diplo, and @HervePagez rework the @SpiceGirls "Wannabe" in new animated "Spicy" music video. Watch:  
7 y/o me describing to my mom why we need to get front row seats at justin bieber’s my world tour so i can be his one less lonely girl my 
Brian Nichols has been named as the new superintendent for New Kent County Public Schools effective July  …
The only acceptance you need is you accepting YOURSELF.
"When people are confused about your product, they move on. Be as honest and clear as you can be — it speaks to people better that way!" Serial launcher @hyper_yolo shows you how to give your side project the momentum it needs to thrive. Read 
first practice 
God, thank you so much for the self love because l learnt that not every man is my type.
Thinking the same thing hmmmm
I dunno, raising taxes on your own citizenry to extract undefined policy concessions from a major trading partner seems like an odd strategy
In 2018, we imported $93 billion of vehicles, $64 billion of electrical machinery, $63 billion of machinery, $16 billion of mineral fuels, and $15 billion of optical and medical instruments from Mexico.
DPS is looking for a “male, approximately 5’6” in height, of medium build,  wearing a t-shirt, short pants and slippers.” This is what 85% of ALL males in Saipan look like on a RAINY day. 95% on a normal day.
surprise i still look the 
. @billmckibben @BosPublicRadio @JimandMargery can you ask Gov. Baker to divest? It’s a conflict of interest for his administration to make decisions about the  station when he stands to make money on it. What happened to GOP  …
“Citation is still necessary when there isn’t a ‘paper version’ of something. If they helped or influenced your work, cite blog posts, artifacts such as code, private correspondence, or unpublished  …
Not all working class actors are northern. Not all northerners are working class. Ooooo00ooo...
Did coach Mike D'Antoni deserve more? 
Fear women
Tonight’s episodes are so special to me. Two of my favorites to work on. So sad I can’t live tweet, but watch @NBCAPBio!!!
“How do we only make *new* mistakes?” @danachis on understanding the impacts of design and avoiding unintended consequences. 
Declan Rice twerking for 
Allah (SWT) is sufficient for me and He is the Best Helper.
News flash to my House Dem colleagues: Americans are getting tired of record #’s of illegal immigrants. Stop pretending DACA is the only issue and offer us  solution that includes asylum reform, border security, and DACA.  …
Any garb that brings that girl on my tl today is getting reported idc. I DON’T wanna see nor care bout that girl.
me and my boo on the Disneyland 
. @TxStormChasers Solid #hail south of Llano, TX #hailfog is thick! 
In a new interview, Kel Mitchell says the 'All That' reboot is keeping the original TLC theme song.  
rt if u want to pinch his 
someone just dm’d me 
Find me on Parler 
Beauty is everywhere: A relationship is about sharing moments that last a lifetime, not continuous togetherness. Give yourself some space 
SPIKE ID 63806 #NYC ACC 2 KILL 6/1 NEEDS RESCUE 3 Y OLD DUMPED BC OF SIZE SCARED BOY FRIENDLY/OUTGOING W/STRANGERS LOVES CHILDREN HOUSETRAINED OBEDIENT RESCUES NEED FOSTER/ADOPTER FOSTERING FREE/TEMP GUIDANCE:  … MustlovedogsNYC@gmail.com DM: 
I’m this 
I could of lived my life happily without seeing this image
Aw damn now i gotta cancel Jim Cornette. He same some homophobic slurs about SONNY KISS....NO MAM!!!!
OFFICIAL: 3-star big man Bernard Kouma signs his financial letter of intent. He's officially an  …
When Kenya Moore said “I don’t talk to people everyday, unless it’s my husband. But if I love you, you’re in my heart” I really felt that. ♒︎
lemme just leave it 
#BREAKING Trump tariff threat "disastrous," Mexico would respond "vigorously," says 
dude, i watched a video back one time(today), and theres a part where i literally forgot to change the subtitle after the first one.
weno 
let’s go @Raptors! #WeTheNorth
Robert Mueller is like a reporter who didn’t write a clear nut graf about his findings, wanting readers to appreciate his 448-pg story in its full, nuanced glory, & now seems surprised many people haven’t correctly grasped the bottom line.
Searching some H2C Social #HaloTheMasterChiefCollection 
Baku Airport loves a ‘Careless Whisper’. Or they play the same tunes every day.
BREAKING: President Trump said that the U.S. would impose a 5% tariff on all Mexican goods on June 10 until migrants are stopped from entering the US illegally through 
Shoutout the real ones man, true colors showed this week
Bottom line: Trump likes tariff and will always look for an excuse to levy them. No country should delude itself thinking they can appease him to avoid them.
Unbuttoned shirt Maxence ILHSMIH 
Genius way  with your rich friends posting about their exotic holidays... #travel #photography via 
Drinking an entire bottle of wine is not a problem; it’s a hobby. And I just so happen to be excelling.
Cool. New offices for SDNY. Soon they'll own the whole  …
This is Mashiho trying to keep up with his 
More trade crap to deal with. This is truly depressing. Please  …
Capronfunk IG 
Good times at The Highlight 
Sweet creature, wherever I go You bring me 
taehyun really broke his neck just to glare at hueningkai for being a liar 
As we know, a good day for conservatives like Jason Kenney is a bad day for Alberta, our country, and the world. Don't buy the snake oil and don't go turning yourself into a pretzel trying to make his policy make sense. It doesn't 
I miss the old me
stopped by my girlfriends work to hit on her and give her my number but she hasn’t even called me /:
Congratulations to @JoshBBornstein who has won the 2019 @LawyersWeekly Workplace Relations Partner of the 
There is zero need to take a sponge to the flesh of  …
WAY TO GO @DMC_Ryan  …
The one Trump made a huge deal about cutting short/ walking away from the deal after pushing for and promoting the summit? (After staying up all night watching Cohen testimony/seeing it dominate headlines instead?) Men were EXECUTED, but it was always for show. We must condemn.
The pink one is a mild push up from Cotton On's Body size 10A. Really small. 
i’ve been saying it wrong this whole  …
Start Earning Orbs right now on  ! By Posting and Sharing your Gaming Content! And use them to Buy Games, Perks, and More!! #CGN #Twitch #Mixer  
Congratulations to our GLAX 2019 MVP Grace Small. 
Trump administration accused of obstructing congressional probe of Education Department  …
Do you think the Playstation 5 should also have a  A new PSP / Vita?
Donald J. Trump: On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all  into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal  through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. 
STREAM HOME 30,932,895 STREAM HAPPY ENDING 3,722,363 #SEVENTEEN 
Minnesota prep basketball coaches ready to seed Class 4A tournaments, add shot clocks. Both ideas are expected to be considered at the June 3 meeting of the Minnesota State High School League. Story from @JimPaulsen  …
- I'm very much a big reader, of both indie and trad books. - I'm also a massive tv and film fan...so you can always find me reading or binge watching. - I love going  cons or visiting new places with my husband and friends
The Haitian government and their affiliate parties (some people in the private sector/member of the elite) SUCK BALLS. I am Haitian but I am NOT my government. I’m ashamed, I’m disappointed, I wanna puke in your face. You divided us all.
LADIES, ITS BIG BOY 
Emma would be that video of the girl throwing her plastic Starbucks straw into the forest and replacing it with a metal one
These aggregators are some bullshit, man. That’s not even close to what the report, nay —tweet, says. 
Those who want liberation!!!! Come on Minister I like when he curses lol 
At Wembley football stadium Maghreb Azaan and Iftari last night .... Subhan 
Trump can't stop lying and lying and lying about the man who he claims "exonerated" him, but who actually uncovered a detailed record of the crimes for which he should be put in  …
JUST IN: Trump announces tariffs on Mexico over flow of immigration  
Talk selection for @rxjslive is on Saturday. If you or a friend would like to speak at an all RxJS conference, this is your chance. Please share with those special RxJS-someones in your life. Help them get their talks submitted  share the stage with the RxJS team.
At what point will the tariff transfer to the American consumer hit its breaking point and people will see what this lunatic is doing to our economy? #AskingForMe Trump says U.S. to impose 5 percent tariff on all Mexican goods - NBC  …
pink diamond doodles from before her boofy shorts 
Dont forget! Get 30 days of my OnlyFans naughtiness for just $3! This sale is limited to the next 20 people who subscribe, and will end on June 8th. Dont miss out! Subscribe today!  
"Avoids responding" by responding be that he didn't  …
Music to my ears! This tiny car is the #28 I’m driving tomorrow. Short video of yesterday’s testing. Friday is #raceday people @KBRdevelopment @r_ARCARacing 
BREAKING Trump campaign confirms to Spectrum News that president to hold rally in Orlando next 
Someone got her Bark Box!! I am tired of politics. Here’s my adorable 
A properly deep back massage is all my body needs rn
Happy anniversary to @Disney and @Pixar's #FindingNemo! Swim through this artwork to see if you can spot Nemo 
Every #RolandMartinUnfiltered is a learning experience. Tonight, ⁦ @rolandsmartin⁩ invited ⁦ @MartysaurusRex⁩ ⁦and @asbthelaw @TeresaMLundy , I and the audience got remarkable insights from this brother on what changing the paradigm for our young people looks 
Join us for tonight's 2 hour play test starting in a few minutes! You can win the rare The Hollow skin— find out how in the official Discord:  . BONUS: @sjsivak will be in voice chat and playing with 
"hey guys, tickets were crazy this year, but it's worth it to see what tycho and gabe are up to! i know all the jokes from  -my new character, 'guy who goes to pax every year but doesn't play games, he's only there for 
Deadass heard like 12 N bombs and someone called me a Beaner. Ptsd  …
we will bury you
underclassmen: dressing up for gender bender/ gender swap day is not "gay." it is a joke and what makes high school actually fun. i suggest you dress up instead of fearing your masculinity.
chris evans is a massive guy, 1.88 cm tall with huge muscles and this intimidating beard yet he menages to be so small and adorable it's impossible to not have THE URGE to hug him and tell him everything is gonna be fine, just look at him. pls protect chris at all  …
Our problem is to learn to see both the old and new at once.
Pics! 2/2 Kareena Kapoor ready for the launch of Dance India 
State lawmakers reached across the aisle for a bipartisan push against capital 
So the 3rd pic is the wig at first , a middle part. Had it since April. Now i’ve transformed it into a side part natural length wig. I Am Trying to build my clientele. I’m from Dallas but i’m located in the Pv area but I’m willing to travel to houstonany like or rt will 
Fandoms uniting to save Mariah's 
LOL THAT LAUGH GETS ME EVERY TIME

Do you have a 4 legged therapist? #dog #dogs 
Third year, best year. Way to go, JT Compher! 
I’m always in a rush to get home so I can do absolutely nothing. Lmao
Congratulations to @magsvisaggs and @sonnyliew for the nomination to best limited series for their work in Eternity Girl. Don't forget to vote!  #DCComics #Vertigo 
Aaron Carter just followed me on here and I’m hoping I’ll get an invite to his party and/or get to watch him face off with Shaq.
#Rohini theatre @Suriya_offl @selvaraghavan @prabhu_sr #NGK #NGKFire #NGKFromMay31 
hello i am 
How Saudi Arabia is losing the war in Yemen by Dr Mustafa Fetouri The coalition is fighting a loose cluster of  …
Wow  you were awesome today! We are all extremely proud of these young men! Thank you all  out today it meant a lot to this team! Now let’s go win another regional championship tomorrow night! #togethersbetter #oneteamonedream
I suspect that, right now, a lot of “automated” and “smart” stuff is actually powered by an operating system named “people in poorer  …
Another call for @tortoise piece about how fans are the Champions League losers. Especially when they love  …
some aren't txt stans but got noticed by txt. when will i--
REPORT: OG Anunoby (disrespected The Bing) is out.
I went to the doctor today and I actually grew 1/4 of an inch so now when I say I’m 5’2” I’m telling the truth
Ya ALLAH , no doubt your plans for me are better then my dreams.
Shit gon last about 8 minutes before it’s  …
Yesterday we rang Vicky, the face of the Government's "Wellbeing Budget". She says she moved to Australia because of the cost of living, including New Zealand's high petrol prices. The Wellbeing Budget includes a hike in petrol  …
Honored to celebrate her royal highness princess Srinagarindra award with interim ambassador of Thailand,president of Thai nurses association in California,Thai nurses & physicians in Calif, over an elegant flower studied room and a most delicious Thai dinner.inspiring 
so if you rub googly eyes on a poster, they will 
Idc what y’all say, I love Chicago!
Currently listening to @JonMoxley podcast with @IAmJericho If you’re a wrestling fan and want an amazing look behind the scenes at why talented guys are migrating away from @wwe, strap in. An amazing 90 
im fr sick of being a hopeworldian im unstannig i can’t handle this pain i lovehim som uch
Like #HorrorMovies? Like #Podcasts? How about a #HorrorPodcast?  … The last 4 episodes of the #MoviesOfTheDamned podcast covered #Alien, #TheSilence, #Aliens & #LittleEvil. @JohnHuntFiction #Horror #HorrorFilms #HorrorMovie #HorrorFilm #Movies #Movie 
Day6 is nominated in 2019 Brand of The Year Awards Idol Band Category Vote  Voting Period: 30/5 - 13/6 Name must be in Korean. Random information is ok. #Day6 #데이식스 #올해의브랜드대상 
Two of the best to put on the black and gold stopped by today to talk with the team. Thank you Kerri Young and Macy Miller for spending time with us!! An experience we won’t 
We’re change-makers. We’re status quo breakers. We’re allies and advocates. We’re relentless champions of healthy women everywhere, capable of anything. From invisible to invincible. Today, we are the BC Women's Health Foundation.  
They're literally just re-posting stories that broke in *2017*, christ. Tell tale sign of a worthless fucking propaganda rag with zero interest in journalism but immense interest in fermenting hatred and antagonism between Koreans in attempts to thwart diplomacy and unity. 
James gets verified 
I was not prepared to laugh this  …
EXCITED FOR GRAD PIC PROFILE PICTURES LATER!!! Let’s go, 2019!! At the end of our duties, #SURVIV19  #SURVIVED!!
So proud to be part of #melanoma  working together to push field forward more quickly. International Neoadjuvant Melanoma Consortium a great example of power of global multidisciplinary collaboration! M. Tetzlaff #MDACC: #pathology crucial #ASCO2019 @JenWargoMD  
We have struck for three runs so far in the 4th inning thanks to @kevin_vicu3, @loganwarmoth, and @chavezyoung242! Blue Jays have scored every inning, up 
Disney has a problem filming in a baby friendly/life friendly state like GA, but has No problem paying PEDOPH!Le James Gunn to direct their kiddy movies 
“And when Elizabeth heard the greeting of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit and she exclaimed with a loud cry, "Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the fruit of your womb!." -Luke 1:41-42 #Jesus 
basically any I Think You Should Leave content is automatically RTed at this point
iTunes Australia 3. SHE IS COMING (+4) *new peak*  …
GOOD MORNING, KEEPERS! SPREAD LOVE AND POSITIVITY ALWAYS. #KarJon #KarinaBautista #AljonMendoza @AljonMendoza_ @msKarinaB
"now remember, the other team's only scoring so many points so they can make you jealous because they like you." - me as a basketball coach
All members reaction when Hueningkai said that he likes to read books in his free time Lmao (Beomgyu's "sorry?" tho 
understanding the difference between divine connections that: -affirm you -support you -love you unconditionally -want to co-create and not use you vs. relationships that: -form out of convenience -trauma bonds -people seeking validation by attaching themselves to you
() @HUGOBOSS via Instagram 
I have a lonja yet I still love my body
One of the lifes cruelest games is that you need glasses to find your glasses
Airplane farts are the worst. (wasn’t me, promise)
[arriving in heaven] me: [huge talking heads fan] uh what's with all these things happening?
Paul's powers vs Stephen A's powers is the real match-up to watch in this  …
Happi 
Just realized the song I thought my kid had made up is in fact...Baby Shark
Playing @LayersOfFear2 tonight finally! My sister and I were able to schedule being able to play together like old times! Join us for probably one of the best horror games this year! Thank you @mattshotcha and @fearthegun for this opportunity!  
If the polls say 48% then we know it's more like 68%
Reeling from back to back job rejections and heavy bottomless feelings of worthlessness, hopelessness, and depression. Need serious help, but can't get it because I don't have a job and health insurance for proper mental healthcare. How do I survive this?
The Dynasty Draft Room - live via   …
I 
#URGENT #NYC #CATS handsome DANYA deserves a loving forever family and desperately needs our help by 6/1! Please RT/adopt/foster/pledge! #TeamKittySOS  
THIS WILL LITERALLY BE ME FOR THE NEXT 
Clear face ,fat ass , nice body ,long money all year long
Ya'll 
That SHOUT launch was a disaster. You could tell that it was Meghan and Harry's project and W&K came along and hijacked it
jinwoo will always be jinhyuk's baby save 
Trump slaps 5% tariff on Mexico . Watch the dem's start flailing and rolling on the ground like spoiled children! #FixImmigration  …
. @anthonyanderson gets real and funny about  …

Homeland Security Watchdog Issues Unusual Retraction of 13 FEMA Reports - Management -  . Good to see our previous work pay  …
Hello @truTVjokers fans! Tonight at 10/9C it’s our last new episode for a couple of months, so make sure to tune in. This one’s called “The Antisocial Network” and it’s a punishment that takes stalking to new highs. Or, lows. Either way, it’s funny. Watch. #ImpracticalJokers
Answered the bell On to the next one #BearDown || 
. @karrueche, @_lori_harvey, @billieeilish, @jordynwoods, @YaraShahidi, and @KeithTPowers liked Normani’s Instagram 
Powerful message from @drsavealimb at #NCVH2019. Multidisciplinary teams are key  wound healing! Functional vs Cosmetic Angioplasty. You are our CLI Super Hero! @Mustapja @FadiSaab17 @SOBE_Vascular @kmadass @SaggerMawri @JVargheseMD @Watts_IR @raosid 
Last night, our Editor-in-Chief brought home a #GoldenQuill! Even better, we had six total nominees represent our incredible staff! Congratulations to Jared Murphy, Allison Schubert, Robert Berger, Megan Bixler & Editor-Emeritus Carley Bonk on their 
The only reason a politician would not support impeachment is corruption. Impeach him or resign from your elected position. #TrumpResignNow #ThursdayThoughts #ImpeachTrump #ThursdayMotivation
.... she knows what she’s doing. Brat!! Old dumb 
Who needs evidence when you have  …
Started the Alena chapter of DQIV. I like her more than Ragnar.
The terrifying thing is that there are presidential powers Trump doesn't know about
You can’t sway people one way or the other anymore. At this point Impeachment investigation has to start
This is what I have been working on lately. I’m almost done the rope then I just gotta edge the medallion 
chris  a stevetony painting with quotes from the movies and everything for 
Why yes, yes we would like to play with the new #Apollo11 LEGO set  
#bbnaija Happy Birthday BOSS LADY 
Imagine if it was a skating  …
it's incredibly funny to me that this tweet isn't a reply to a specific bernie tweet. just a local unemployed guy waking up around 10 am and deciding to start some shit on twitter. honestly i respect  …
Peso falling on Trump's tariff 
(Benny Parsons appreciation tweet) In this clip, Benny hilariously: -Demands the race end early because he's getting rained on -Decides his diet isn't worth it and he wants a milkshake -Tells a story about finding a bear in a restaurant dumpster 
y’all ever see Final Destination? i think we were meant to die when i left the oven on all night, and Death has just been trying to find new ways to kill us ever since (examples: makenna’s car wreck, the stranger in the apartment, the  …
Check out our hot sword Brimstone and its explosive #Swordcery! Here at Temple Door Games we like blastin’! #madewithunity #gamedev #indiedev #unity3d 
Mayorkun don scatter everywhere, there’s no sleep in the house tonight, I just hope our neighbors don’t call the cops on us haha True is a tune
just gonna be posting a bunch while I’m stuck in the airport 
Democrats own slaves Slavery ends Jim Crow started by Democrats Civil rights end Jim Crow Democrats target  with free abortion clinics Today Democrats fighting to expand abortion Anybody noticing any type of a pattern here...
bobby's two 
100% support this. Legislative term limits are  …
Students, Here’s A Plan To Solve Your Debt Problem (You Won’t Like  …
A former smelter droid turning the spit of meats is similar to a droid in Jabba the Hutt’s palace in Return of the Jedi. 
What an awesome day of learning at Tech Summit. I’m exhausted! But excited for tomorrow. Shout out to all of the awesome educators who came to learn on THEIR OWN time without pay! @259Tech hopes you enjoyed Day 1! See you tomorrow! #prizes #WPSFutureReady 
Bob Sowards, PGA from Dublin, Ohio blitzed the field and west course @FirestoneCC with a Final Round 7 under 63 to win the 34th @MichelobULTRA /1-888-OhioComp Ohio Senior Open by two shots. Congrats Bob? @SouthernOhioPGA Full Story  
I really wish they still put the old finals logo on the court 
Discussing Texas as a battleground state, Rep. @jamestalarico says that a purple state forces legislators to truly earn their constituents’ votes, which is something that all democracy lovers should appreciate. #txlege 
« What is deep learning? Very simply, it’s « deep » because all systems have many layers inside of them. » Yann LeCun @ylecun , recipient of the Alan Turing prize #AI #FranceIA 
Just finished ep4 of Life is strange ep5 will be Saturday so hyped 
Pardon my ignorance, but, is an impeachment hearing like a trial in Congress? With exculpatory evidence and all the little perks of a trial? Declassified FISA et al... might not be such a bad idea.
Tupac got shot 5 times and kept making records. You can get through today.
Finally finished my first custom back piece and I'm 
il me rend 
Enlightenment is the unlearning of the thought system that dominates the planet—Marianne Williamson
i love u b*tch.........aint never gonna stop loving u......b*tch............
MORE Trump on Kim Jung Un: Kim is "terrific...very honorable." Otto Warmbier family statement: "Kim and his evil regime are responsible for the death of our son [and] for unimaginable cruelty and inhumanity. No excuse or lavish praise can change  …
I have never used "LOL." If you make me laugh out loud, you deserve all the words.
Our latest update of what we've seen in tech across AUS/NZ. Some key highlights: @canva's incredible journey New funds from Brandon and Shearwater Events at @B2B_Rocks and @legalvision_au @brighteAU's Head of People & Culture role!  
Babies 
No 
at some point you have to STOP thinking God didn’t hear you & ask yourself did you hear HIM!?
This story is killing him. More  …
These gifs help 
Due to personal reasons, I have decided that I’m back on my bullshit
Cooked and ready for them 
Get a  …
checking my student loans 
Just relax 
girl it’s your life, you can show out if you want to 
hi if ur reading this ily u weeb
Peace in Ghana's Dancehall genre and good will to @shattawalegh and @stonebwoyb 
hoseok's little dimple 
Malaysia is sending its trash back to the United 
Our members and  took down Patriot Front flyers in Charleston today. They were up for less than half a day. Appalachian anti-fascists don’t play 
BTS has two albums on Top200 Billboard and both of them are on Top80, wow legends
their outfits are so simple and pretty...like they're going on a girls day out 
I thought the election campaign was over & the coalition won. So why are they still spending time attacking Shorten & Labour instead of actually getting on with governing the country? #TheNumptiesAreInCharge
@Samanpriyankar6 Thanks for the like and මහා සිකුරාදා Saman,... laughing!
commission for 
JACKSON IS SO TINY IMLOSING 
It’s @TheAthleticSF vs @TheAthleticTO in the NBA Finals! If the Warriors win the series, we’ll give away FREE annual subscriptions to 5 @TheAthleticSF followers who R/T THIS post. Current subscribers will win a free year added to their membership. US/CAN 
THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCKSNSKSJJS 
Y'all share the same birthday. Y'all met in 2014 and were in the same league for 4 years. @goal reported that you sent him a text congratulating him on winning the league. You're really  …
"Quit" by @CASHMERECAT with @ArianaGrande is eligible for Platinum in the US for selling over 1 MILLION units there 
Nothing Was The 
Stealing tweets will always be the corniest shit to me lol
the 
You mean you are taxing Americans just because some people happen to enter our country unlawfully? How does this make any sense… lol
I get tired from everything.
Sorry  "WHO THE HELL IS THAT?" on your engagement photo on Facebook
Good morning to the kindest woman on earth, Lisa Manoban and her loyal fandom, Lisanations only. 
My family went out of town and I’ve been home alone these past few days, so I did what any normal person would do and watched  and recreated a few of my favorites so 
So proud of our lady Hornet soccer team!!!!  …
. @BIZPACReview exposes the “Left’s” lies again and recalls how they LIED and CORRALLED a mob 40,000 to protest me, “THE WHITE SUPREMACIST” in 2017. Incredible! Nice article.  
Australia's richest increased their wealth by more than 20% over the past  …
Pixar’s FINDING NEMO was released on this day in 2003! Illustration from the Disney Baby Book Baby Animals - Available online and in stores. @Pixar @Disney 
I know and have worked with Suri, who has been instrumental in bringing to attention and addressing Islamophobia and other hate in Alberta and in Canada. He has nothing to apologize for, least of all to Michael Cooper.
Hi guys I just came back from the Doctor and I have strep throat so I will be down for the next couple of days resting and taking my meds. Thank you once more for all the shoutouts and love! I absolutely love and appreciate you all!! #ResistTogether #WomensRights
sHE’S 
Check out the 2019 VISAA Boys Lacrosse All State Teams at  … Lots of #VaLaxRecruits PTWs on those teams. Many others to keep our on as we move into the summer... 
AHHHH thank you so much @citruslucy !!! everything is so so so nice 
How embaaaarassing Commission for Blissman2020 
Happy Birthday To My Best Friend @girllitasf 
MORE: Trump says the U.S. will begin raising Mexico tariffs beyond 5% on July 1 and will continue doing so until they reach 25% on Oct. 
Waffles playing it safe behind the 
Jacob talking Jacob talking to vampz vs. to 
Robert Pattinson, Willem Dafoe, Robert Eggers for Wmag victoria stevens 
The Voting Rights Act justification for reinstating the citizenship question to the decennial Census was always a brazen lie--the purpose was always to deliberately undercount immigrants. But today's new court filing adds an even more mendacious  …
Navy had to disguise a whole warship so Trump wouldn't be upset seeing the name  …
When your #healthcare entraps you in a lousy job, or if you have no means to afford your medications, you are not free. Health care is a human right. RT if you agree. Follow / RT / Reply / Like #FBRParty #FBResistance #Resisters #Resist #FBR
Curious to know how this doesn’t violate the existing NAFTA, much less scuttle the new  …
disheveled history professor vibes 
What a rollercoaster of a day.. just got my partnership denial letter, but that's okay! In 4 weeks we can apply again and you know I'm going to keep pushing. Thank you for all the support guys. I already have the  partnership is just a bonus
Good evening  …
My novel published on May 7th so I went thru my old writing journals looking for entries on that day. Found this one in 2012: "I think I will write. Just for me. Block out all the noise. It will be difficult. Not impossible. I can do this." Keep writing y'all. Step by step.
GOODBYE SELF-ESTEEM 
I‘d like more than anything else to read a whole book about them hanging out. also 
Addendum: Google has filtered a lot of the results for "Antifa Violence" on YouTube, so that mainstream mostly news sources show up first. To find the raw  you have to use other terms + 
Beyoncé in the studio recording the “Perfect 
Our newest throwback #WalkingDead  is here! How did YOU react to that insane Season One Finale?  
Hobi has all of my heart.
favorite this if u wanna get put in a group chat to say stupid shit and so i can show u unreleased lowe life
00:33 jungkook.exe stopped 
I followed my boss for an ‘OFFICIAL’ meeting today to take down points. Long story short, 70% of the meeting was in Yoruba 30% in English, what’s my own I only wrote what I heard
That’s more money WE have to pay for goods from Mexico, like avocados, Corona Extra and washing machines. Think of it as increasing the sales tax. WE PAY THAT!! NOT Mexico. Every time I think I can’t loath this dude any more, he proves me  …
I just realized that when you unlock your car it beeps twice because "open" is a two syllable word and it beeps once when you lock it because "close" is a one syllable word
Selfies are definitely an art form. "Selfies are easily the most expansionist form of  that any of us have experienced for generations, which makes them noteworthy in their own right. We can't ignore them as a cultural institution."-Nigel Hurst
Ok but why is my cat such a haechan 
At what age did you get a dog or start training your own? I really like that this photo was captured from the Team Dog Winners Weekend. I was able to work with Owen & his German Shepherd. Xena has been pulling on the leash while Owen walks her.  
I got big plans on getting all the things I want just know
We give our riders a brief intro to the tactics used by the Public Safety Unit Bikes. Fifteen new bike cops will be hitting the streets of B.C. next week, graduation day tomorrow! #VPDBikes 
If It Has All Four Tires and Gets You From Point A to Point B, it's a Car  
This was prolly the fastest Ramzan I came across. Today's Jummah tul Wida & next Jummah we'll have no Ramzan.
How’s your plan with KJU - North Korea going? The animal just executed his 
She was referring to her brain size.
The Battle of Trafalgar, as Seen from the Mizen Starboard Shrouds of the Victory, 1808 #jmwturner 
Peep the henny bong 
dear hawaii, 
You’re lame
Thank you guys so much  …
I got a trailer. A big trailer. A big GAY TRAILER! Gonna have fun at the SLC Pride parade this 
In 48 hours we rock the Cederbrae Community Center in #YYC for PWA Nemesis! Still time to get advance tickets at @SammysCalgary and be a part of the action! #YYCWeekend #YYCLocal #YYCNow 
Does anyone else zone tf out while driving cause I just drove 45 min from work to my house and couldn’t tell you how the fuck I got here
Our interns play a huge role in what we do here at Team #Statcast (I would know!) So a big  to @esteerivera42 @Kristen__Austin @markandnumbers & @tb_firstpitch to the family. Give them a follow to see what they get up to this summer!
Reaching out to all 27,000 democratic presidential candidates to match my $1k donation for the good people of Dayton, Ohio. #DaytonDonations cc: @PeteButtigieg @ewarren @KamalaHarris @JoeBiden @JulianCastro I'm fainting trying to remember  …
Mayorkun and Kizz Daniel go Scatter everywhere with this one
just saw a small child running in a public setting and instinctively almost yelled at them to walk. this is what lifeguarding has done to me. h e l p.
Totally legit I'm 
Western has disappointed me
Anyone else feeling a little weird after watching this? Kind of like you need to take a shower or something... @brianthecarpenter 
I feel  …
Almost that time! Game 1 
Trump: “I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected.” This Dude’s always two seconds away from a full confession. . 
Congratulations to all the EWU Student-Athletes graduating in 2019!!! We know each and every one of you have an incREDible future ahead of you!!!! 
I don’t wanna hear yall get on Lil B the based God’s internet and claim yall have more pro black politics than AA’s when yall are having a self love crisis over there. Handle that.
you’re so ugly if you have a girl and you’re hitting other girls up tryna flirt, literally no one thinks that’s cute. all we do is feel bad for your girl so pls stop.
have you ever met someone who can suck the fun out of anything?
Can you guys enable me real quick? I should buy this, 
Guess Mexico IS going to pay for that wall!
I’ll be damned if I’m not surrounding myself with people who are socially and politically aware. I can’t  individuals who don’t care about issues that don’t have to do with them.
British carribean blacks date out at very high rates. They’re a super minority in the UK and the racism there has  folding and succumbing to the desire to assimilate which is why they date out as far higher rates than African 
find u again is getting better and better with every listen. i really like it
Can’t wait to move into the clout house with my family
These tariffs are catastrophic for US businesses.
Feeling a bit colder today? MetService are forecasting snow above 400m this weekend. Temperatures are dropping & there is also the wind chill factor. Brrr. Make sure you check the forecast when you are planning your outdoor activities to ensure you get home safe. 
CONGRATULATIONS to Krystle Morales & Dean Rutherford who met at OTG through the window and are now engaged to be married! Spreading the love to our customers: literally. 
WHY IS NO ONE ELSE TALKING ABOUT THIS!!! Thank you for finally fixing it @Bungie/ @DestinyTheGame! 
4 years ago I drew myself like this dskjfhgh it's still accurate. The super nerd class in Spanish was translated to 'super stupid' for some reason so it's 
Keemstar is always right.
Fairy dust animation.. with pencil and paper aaaah TOO MANY DOTS, MY HAND HURTS • #pencil #animation #fairydust #vfs 
The most unhappy person I ever met was named Sunny. I think it was just too much pressure.
My sister said 
“I will punish Americans until Mexico punishes 
sorry heres a sneak peek of my nudes 
Beat his ass sis  …
Maya is diagnosed with cerebral palsy and gets upset when people rush to help her with every task. She wants the opportunity to try things independently so she can reach her full potential. Full interview at  
imagine sleeping on her pure talent in 2019, imagine fucking that 
Class vs 
am i the only person who still has their twitter on day mode???
Nice deflection from the fact that his pal in North Korea just executed people who were involved in the nuclear talks with Trump
John Sandweg, former ICE head/DHS general counsel, said tariff could have severe implications. “This carries a lot of risk. If they alienate Mexico, they could dial back the cooperation...it would create an epic meltdown in our border security apparatus.”
FINGER HER BOOTY WHILE YOU HIT FROM THE BACK
May we all aspire to have a family life like Rod had, a marriage like Rod had with Paula, and a friendship like Rod had with @aburcham04 . My word, what strength I’ve seen from Andy and Jan this  …
He’s declared war on Walmart  …
Tagging 4 people is likely to look like spam but worth a shot Hiya @Jack_Septic_Eye it’s 4 wonderful people’s birthdays today (well, yesterday for us buuuuut ) and I was wondering if you could send good birthday wishes to @emsternn @foreverswm @airwryn and @NekoSabs
Life is the miracle, you are blessed that God gave you a chance to make a life exactly to your choosing.
you make my earth QUAKE
Need a way to watch @OmahaBSB Friday night? Here ya go! @DJsDugout at Aksarben Village will show the Mavericks’ opening-round NCAA Tournament game vs. No. 1 UCLA starting at 9pm CT. #EveryoneForOmaha | #OmahaBSB #RoadToOmaha 
SO CUTE SUNSHINE. WE LOVE OUR HOPE SO MUCH 
"First Blood" makes sense as a movie title because "first blood" is a phrase that actually means something. "Last Blood" is just silly.
Being celibate is beautiful! There’s nothing more powerful then being purified from lust and sexual perversion. If you’re still having sex, wait. Stop spiritually marrying men/women who aren’t your soulmate. Sex is for the covenant of marriage. Not outside of it.
Measles was eliminated in the United States in 2000, but federal health officials said the continuing outbreak could make the disease endemic once 
This that picture the Varsity boys take while watching  …
Congratulations to the #AWSDeepRacer winners at #AWSSummit Chicago! It was a fun day full  & twists. Well done! @ScottPletcher 9.350 Calvin Vass 10.230 Denise @Scezsei 
"nobody in this town knows how to drive" -me, a bad driver
We’re going an HOUR strong on #HoopStreams leading into Game 1 of NBA Finals from the 6. Join me, @wojespn @stephenasmith @KendrickPerkins @Rosenbergradio and @arielhelwani at  …
i WILL 
I love how they never broke character in this scene! 
Marcus Stroman ( @MStrooo6) shows love for the @Raptors and drops his predictions for the #NBAFinals. VIDEO  
Twitter beef is childish lmao don't @me
What an amazing day with a bunch of new friends in @OlentangySD! Had an opportunity to work with educators from across the district at #thinktank2019. Thanks so much for having me! #lincPD #lincspring #generativity #edtech 
What to do when #ECMO  a bridge to nowhere? What if the patient is awake and alert and refusing  …
Bar association's who have taken Qazi Faez Issa's side without allowing  of constitutional process of the Supreme Judicial Council have broken And violated their oaths aswell as put a stain on their profession. This is another way of form of blackmailing the  …
Squishy 
. @evodevodeanna and I are in solidarity with the other previous members of #MeTooSTEM leadership. We care about survivors, particularly those in highly discriminated groups, and hope that this begins a much-needed  …
I can’t wait to start having 10k+ months. But it’s a work in progress. Only 21 and got so much potential
i want to go hiking sooo bad
I think lots will leave this summer 4 from expired contracts and then 4-6 more sold. 4-6 arrivals and the rest replaced by youth. Freddie to replace Bould. #afc ESR likely to be loaned again but Saka, Willock, Nelson etc. likely to feature more in 
Have you experienced the JOY of #TheLord? You will show me the path of Life; In Your presence is fullness of #Joy; At Your right hand are pleasures ~forevermore Psalm 
Everything I say and do should be taken with the very real context that people terrify me and I live in constant fear of them.
Brentwood (Calif.) Liberty ATH Peyton Borrelli hoping to add more offers to the mix  
Three years ago today ⁦ @UNCMensLacrosse⁩ celebrated an amazing day (& wkd) with ⁦ @uncwlax⁩ bringing home to Chapel Hill... 
What’s good for us, dear James, is for you to crawl back under your rock and return to the Ündead Realm.. Vengeance for the Bunny’s murder will be carried out, now that we have the culprit in our possession.. begone.. we’ve a Valkyrie to haunt.. and a title to reclaim..  …
I want to be respectful, but there is NO way TX will vote 4 Harris OR Castro, no matter the order! I live here. The ONLY D candidate that TX R/Ind will vote 4 is Beto. 1.2M of them did in 18. Biden they won't vote! If u want election night over early, u better take a look Beto!
Started #Tirupur #FDFS #Ngk #NGK #NGKFansShow #NGKFansShow @Suriya_offl @selvaraghavan @Rakulpreet @Sai_Pallavi92 @thisisysr 
Stunning that US businesses and Republicans just seem willing to roll over for this shambolic economic and trade policy by  …
: :) Follow everyønę thåt retweets this!
"To The Thrill"(2016) 24" x 
Time will show you, Who deserves your heart
Most extra-base hits thru Pirates' first 55 games Josh Bell, 40 - 2019 Paul Waner, 40 - 1932 (via @baseball_ref, since 1908)
Chicken Fried Stew Meat for the boy 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! Blessed to see another year!
You played yourself as soon as you tweeted 
as someone who lives in Govan it really frustrates me how people take every opportunity to shit on it without actually getting to know 
Ang cute  …
Did you know that you can create hair volumizer, tile cleaner, bath crystals, and more at home using Epsom salt? Check out all of the creative uses:  
bighit: tweet us your questions using #AskTXT !!! also bighit: *lets them answer questions that have been asked decades ago*
Flash Flood Warning 
one of 
They gay feelings were creeping up on Val & Juls like #PremiosMTVMIAW #MTVLAPAREJAJULIANTINA #MTVLAFANDOMJULIANTINAFANS  …
Got my little baby all the way together !! The real Cinderella story 
so this was the part with a question like "what your bff do between takes" and taron was sad cause richard doesn't say "kisses me for gEttiNg  …
me explaining why I’m bored this summer because all of my friends were at school: my 
