Shame he wasn't dealt with the first 
Idk when this epidemic started but we all became tequila drinkers out of nowhere lol
The Colorado River runs red after a 
Great Team Win! #CreekBoys #ACF
I guess I need to start racially profiling to see if I can get blessed.
The Princess Diaries was Anne Hathaway’s breakout  …
Lmaooo salty cowboys fans.
im over this “im my own thing” “i don’t like labels”. WOMP. that’s dead. so wack. they know who they trained with who’s style they bite and don’t give credit to. they know who they’re replacing on camps. that false modesty, ‘i’m so humble’ shit is clipped.
Hanging with my favourite girl tonight doing duos!! Love this sexy lady!! @cafreviews_com @Billieswife2 
I just wanna see everybody in a position to win. Spread more love and avoid the hate.
Manchester United 1935 #MUFC #ManUtd #ManchesterUnited 
Check out Alligator Tooth Genuine Leather 32" Cord Necklace Swamp People Gator  via @eBay
It’s time #MutantFam! The #MutantCafe “Daddyman’s Thanksgiving Leftover Pot-Pie” episode is LIVE now - Lets get  …
The prize for best actress went to Filipina film and TV star and social media queen Judy Ann Santos for her unglamorous role as the anguished mother of a sick child in melodrama “Mindanao,” the latest from prolific Filipino director Brillante Mendoza. 
EARTH C DIRK WEARS BLING EARRINGS WITH THIS  …
a #koala of sorts climbing a tree of sorts for @Pixel_Dailies 
Everyone is selling their tickets to the game tomorrow?? Couldn’t be me. If Jauan Jennings has to get wet so do I.
Today I learned that none of us are promised tomorrow. Life is so fragile. We easily take it for granted that our time on earth is limited but please, don't take for granted the people around you. Always love and appreciate each other because so suddenly you can lose someone.
MAKE IT Stanford extends the lead to four goals against BYU in the opening half! #NCAASoccer | 
thank you for being a bright light in my world, choi 
I've always loved the kind way you treat both of them, Judy.
Schizoaffective Disorder sometimes . . . . Them: How are you feeling? Me: How the **** should I know ! #schizophrenia #schizoaffective #Bipolar #moods #mood #psychosis #Mentalhealth #mentalillness
Arizona women’s basketball game post turkey day. Enjoying game with daughter! Great crowd and fans cheering the Wildcats. @AZATHLETICS @ArizonaWBB 
#FridayFeeling 30 yrs ago I was leaving my  as a bride to a new home were I literally knew no one except my husband, both of us were outsiders. This beautiful soul pictured here told me "there are no strangers in life Kelly, only friends we havent met yet. 
How does that even happen? 
Winter is so beautiful 
The reason for the results from such polls is because Trump ran people out of the party who refuse to support him. That leaves a huge majority who love him labeling as GOP but the size of the party is shrinking. Statistics can and do lie if handled right. :-)
@my wife  …
Our transformation lol before you got me into raving 2018 vs after 2019 Dreamstate 
OWNER DUMPS FAMILY DOG IN HORRIBLE CONDITION! ON DEATH ROW IN MEMPHIS, TN. PLS RT AND PLEDGE TO SAVE HIS  …
No, the person who scores the TD should have to kick the point after.
Picture: Being stretched on a medieval rack, While simultaneously dislocating your hips, While every body muscle is in a clenching, excruciating muscle cramp (like those awful leg ones!) & pushing a watermelon out of an anthole-sized space. In your body. That about sums it up.
Normal people are out tonight having fun, I'm up at 1 am negotiating with Terrorist Malaria and ordering small chops for my niece's dedication.
i have convinced so many ppl i have watched gossip girl and whenever anyone brings it up im just like ‘yess chuck bae rich king slay’ instead of responding with sorry i dont know what u mean i have not watched that series
Black Friday 
half off our damn merch today only. use code “fuckblackfriday” at checkout on our bandcamp all current orders will ship Monday  
Designing the website to the new #Oncoplastic #BreastSurgery & #BreastReconstruction Cadaveric Dissection course for May Next year  @ESSOnews @drchrysopoulo @6state @ABSGBI @alqattan00001 @TheMammaryFold1 @kfgomez8 @ASBrS @GretaOncoplast @SocSurgOnc
ya well he slashed my tires  …
How did two moms chatting at a water park help crack a Thanksgiving cold case murder? Find out on an all-new #48Hours Saturday at 10:01/9:01c.  
bad kind of butterflies is my song I already know
THIS JUST IN! #VoiceTop10 this Monday and Tuesday + special performances from @kanebrown @Meghan_Trainor and  …
@every guy who gives their server their phone number: don’t bother if you’re not tipping 20%
Dying "Star Wars" fan's wish of seeing "Rise of the Skywalker" will be fulfilled, Disney CEO says  
i did not need to see this at 
If you were to attend a fest, revealing your waist beads, which would you rock? 1st frame or 2nd 
The Rufous-backed Kingfisher. In peninsular Malaysia there have been debate of hybridiation between the black-back and rufous-back kingfishers which has made some birders refer to both only as oriental dwarf 
She felt that beat 
ONCEs! Get ready for our first wave of mass voting, 10AM KST. Use the hashtags in your tweets! #ONCEVotingParty #TWICEQoo10Voting @JYPETWICE ONE HOUR LEFT BEFORE WE START. Retweet & spread!!!
on his head !  …
Hey guys. I’m in Dubuque tomorrow and Sunday. Please join 
You are making a lot of assumptions. You don't know if the building is "secured," and you also don't know if he entered the building behind this woman.
RT Ja'Wuan James just pulled off a rarity: A full participant in practice all week, yet questionable for the game Sunday. Sigh. Fangio said if James plays, he starts. If he doesn't start, he doesn't dress. Double-sigh. #9sports
An Update on #YouTubeCOPPA and what creators need to know!  Featuring my friend @iancorzine !
#billsfanmail Bonjour Willy, I will put your request on the autograph stack. As I said before on the previous request I cannot guarantee a photo as there are a lot of people requesting 
I knew the risks so I steered clear
that has “I MET HARRYSJFKF” “i was just joking guys” energy
How true? IRA leader Ernie O'Malley referring to the Armed Struggle of 1916 and thereafter in 
Black Friday Party happening at our Gage Park (58th & Kedzie) location! Team is ROCKING!!! @WirelessVision @TMobile @thatsammori @SByrneDoyle @tubbs8808 @grox11 @CP_Polizzi @WinstonAwadzi @AngieSchassen @neilhorrell 
“3 words” ... intelligent, beautiful, talented, badass, strong, funny, caring, iconic, genius,  …
[ENG SUB VIDEO UP] Sushi Mukbang with Sejun & Subin is now up on our channel with English subs~ Enjoy! @VICTON1109 #그리운밤 #빅톤 #먹짱보이즈  …
ethereal and 
I show love to some people who really don’t fuck wit me .. that’s on me tho .. I should never expect more .. expectations are only for my vision of self and sometimes I  up short .. so what’s the point in even say this shit bro ?
my friend told me she's saving up to buy a house and doing adult things and i literally spent an hour yesterday looking for coins in my pockets so i could buy a bagel 
Made it another year. Never. Give. Up. Happy Birthday to Me. #FuckCancer #CancerSucks
I can’t even imagine what goes through someone’s head to demean your grandfather. Our country is so damn fucked  …
pov: i’m the friend you forgot exists bc once i start feeling like you don’t wanna hang out with me  stop trying to make plans whether that’s the case or not because i sabotage every relationship i hold due to my fear of rejection 
I CANT  …
Hey #SPNFamily I'm sending out handmade Christmas cards this year! Hit me up with a dm if you'd like to receive one. What picture you get will be random but Destiel ones only go to those that request them . (Some examples but expect more 
As the storm breaks up, the setting sun illuminates the landscape. 
I am rooting for you I am rooting for us
damn @imranye’s 
Buffalo, you packed the Pink for Rose tonight THANK YOU #fightlikearose
Two and a half hours of the most brilliant, hilarious, heartwarming and entertaining TV. One of the best Toy Shows ever. Big love to all the @RTELateLateShow team @rte #LateLateToyShow
you join in a hit piece against Harris, then push a glowing piece for pete (to help him after that blistering op-ed.) we are getting a real lesson in how white privilege works ... how far newsrooms will go to protect it.
STILL NO SHINY PENGUIN. But we had an amazing stream regardless. Was apparently on trending for YouTube gaming streams? Thanks for all the love man. I am not 
tfw @Northlane dedicated 4D to me 
STOP HATING ON THE BLUE BH LIFE IS BRILLIANT SHIRT YALL GONNA MAKE ME FEEL SO SELF CONSIOUS WHEN I WEAR IT PLEASE SHUT UP
I don't get this logic, he fit Celtic's model perfectly, next Summer it'll be someone else & the year after so on & so on, until there's an extremely profitable a TV deal, selling a top talent for £20m+ annually suits all concerned. They've reinvested in two young exciting LBs.
Hoos, if you see a hokie today, please stay classy. Smile, wave, and remind them who is in possession of the Commonwealth Cup is now.
If only it would have snowed. Cougars would have won for sure. smh #AppleCup
One More Game One More Scrap One More Time Across The Street One More Ride With The 
I like this a lot. They could make snowmen from nuclear  …
The finalised  out on my birthday this year. My top wish is that my average somehow goes up by 0.7% so I don’t have to write an entrance exam. Smol smol 0.7 only RT to save my December
TOUCHDOWN! @FDouglassFB as @josh_mcclurg1 tosses 11-yd fade to @DaneKey12. It’s 21-10 Broncos 1:03  – at Frederick Douglass High School
November 30th daily hashtag support for Kim Hanbin. 1st idol to win MMA SWOTY Youngest ever win MMA SWOTY Our Kim Hanbin did that Happy 1 year anniversary song writernim #SWOTYKimHanbin #Hanbin #김한빈 
Hi my name is Chani and I love Bang Chan a lot 
 hot farts - feeling stinky
I’m done clapping back on IG for today
I LOVE that this is Ireland in 2019. Mná na hÉireann 
Graphics person needs a  …
Starters tonight in Cameron @Tre3Jones @cassius_stanley @thewendellmoore @HurtMatthew @vernoncarey22 About to tip on @accnetwork vs Winthrop... #HereComesDuke 
Baby Yoda is More Popular On Social Media than Dem POTUS Candidates  … #news via @thelibrepublic
LET THE COUNTDOWN BEGIN: We’re about half an hour away from the opening ceremony for the 27th Annual Festival of Lights in downtown Riverside. At 5:30 tonight 5 million Christmas lights will start twinkling all over the Mission Inn Hotel and Spa @CBSLA 
Drop the things in your life that don't serve you. Fear, self loathing, toxic relationships. You deserve to live your best and brightest life. F*ck anything or anyone that dulls your shine 
It was Gender Splendour week at my little one’s school. Glorious. Power to our public 
All men inclued your father , brother and your son (if you have one) . So, are you saying they will do this too?
Of course in Berlin they had to add a house thump underneath it. #LaTesis  …
One of my favorite Madonna looks I think.. also the Sean Penn moment.. priceless. 
Bryant played pretty much exactly how I expected. Made some big time throws but also made several mistakes you see from a first time starter. Had a little trouble with his feel in the pocket, thinking he had more time then he did. Only way to fix that is experience.
true love live >>>
when are this two not messing with each other? @GOT7Official 
I am Tlaleng, God of my book!  …
When you call Santa to get his eta and he refers to you as "Elf 1". You know you're on the good 
Ew why did the end of COCO make me ugly happy cry on the plane.
Chicago or Washington DC to Athens, Greece from only $371 roundtrip with @SAS.  
I stand by this idea, let me see the Gang uncover serial killers and evil corporations who disguise their murders as paranormal  …
i'm the present here. 
Starting my partner on death note. Wish me luck!
Unfortunately, many people like him have assumed/caused black/brown people of suspicious activity that has resulted in a very traumatic experience. Sorry we cannot “go easy” on him.
Went a bit nuts with the GOG Black Friday sale, heh. Already own these physically, but it's nice to have nice DRM-free digital copies for 
Have laughed and cried - the best #LateLateToyShow ever. Such amazing diversity message means a lot to my family. @rte @RTELateLateShow it’s been amazing.
No Iowa kicker will ever be more beloved than Kaeding but my goodness is Keith making it tough. What a neat kid
Arturo Vidal threatens to leave: "If in December or at the end of the season I don't feel important, I will look for a solution" [sport]
So gamestop has literally WALLS full of BNHA merch but literally only has 1 Sheer heart attack replica that is $150 and a Bruno action figure that is $25 (Bruno 
Nothing really wrong with it, y’all swear y’all NEEED to be in a  …
The story of how the clapper ruined all Dallas fans thanksgiving ✭ @Cowboyz__Nation 
Working on my own time while  Not engaging in acts/convos/situations that I know will make me upset or drain me. Saying no, regardless if I want to people  …
"Boris Johnson’s big contribution to reducing plastic consumption is not wearing condoms". Oh ⁦ @MarinaHyde⁩ never change.  …
Same time, same place, next week.
He gotta Rollie. He’s going to look good for his new chick.
I’m really proud of this one! 
Me when my mama yelling at me and start stuttering 
When irony posting goes 
Tigers beat the Bearcats 34-24. “These kids have heart. We have a tremendous group of young men. They battle for everything.” - @Coach_Norvell Congratulations, #Memphis! 
ok 
kpop girls are the most beautiful thing in the 
For the second year in a row, we made the best Mac and Cheese ever - recipe by @TheKitchenista is highly  
please god make it 
I spoke with @NATO Secretary General, @jensstoltenberg today ahead of next week’s Leaders Meeting in London, which will be an important opportunity to reaffirm the importance of NATO to Euro-Atlantic security and defence. Read more on our call  …
I could never fake a connection with someone idk how some of you do it. Dont you value your own time??
Okay finally turned on the game and from all the angry UW fan tweets on the timeline I can only imagine that the Huskies are getting absolutely destro- wait 
If you've lost your faith in yourself you can borrow mine I know that sounds crazy to say but I believe each one of us possesses greatness inside The problem is we  slaves to a mentality that we have to settle for whatever our present circumstances are
A ton of Flyers fans are running out to get Niskanen jerseys after this 
Old gold and black took the bucket Purdue Managers - 7 IU Managers - 
can we kiss forever?
We have a disease and its rush, rush, rush, rush, 2yos, rush, rush, 3yos. We want it today, not tomorrow. Horse are ruined by those who demand a square peg fit into a round hole. If we all did like Al Stall, Jr. ,I believe, there would be many more Tom's d'Etat's out there.
. @Eminem and @JoynerLucas' 'Lucky You' is now GOLD for surpassed 400,000 units in the UK! 
THREAD INDIAN WEDDING CEREMONY @priyankachopra @nickjonas 
We are Most Beautiful in our NATURAL Form 
Controller Goddess Full Video:  Likes and retweets are 
WATCH: MayWard kilig moments while on their way to Rome - ABS-CBN Entertainment  … Kakaaliw sila panoorin @mor1019 #DyisIsItManila No One Else By Edward Barber #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber @maymayentrata07 @Barber_Edward_
Great Job Broncos @SaBrandeis on to the next. It's Santa Hat Time
Do not dismiss the promise that you made me. -Red Hot Chili Peppers
i’m fucking petty you shouldn’t have done that 
We Showed You Our History Please Respond 
Jikook in a real RELATIONSHIP Confirmed 
We’re bad at the Apple Cup but we’re good at  
What’s  shockingly obvious is that NATO, Atlantic Council, CIA, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, along with a number of EU governments have been igniting conflicts in the Middle East by funding terrorist groups to secure access to the last of the world’s oil & gas reserves
Come meet these amazing creators tonight @10PM EST!! @Rod_Luper & @BeyondTimeInc ► BLACK TIGER: LEGACY OF FURY ►  … @BrianChristgau ► SIX-GUN GORILLA ►  …  … #ComicsGate #Livestream #YouTube #Crowdfunding
Report of bombing at the Turkish base in Jarablus. Reports of many dead and wounded.
DaBaby says he has a collab with Lil Wayne on the way 
I have even heard that to save money, he never uses any other soap than LifeBoy for both body and hair  …
Still love this classic screen print I did inspired by Yellowstone and the crucial role predators play in keeping balance and harmony within the park's ecosystem. I also made a handful of tapestries with the design as well! 
Blessed to say I’ve received an offer from Florida International University @JuCoFootballACE 
you can’t dull my sparkle 
Gotta get the boomers on board eventually
And we don’t talk about it  …
I am NOT a "high end" escort. My prices are low to moderate. Just because I have never been arrested does not make me "high end". That makes me a lucky (white) sex worker. #sexworkiswork #decrimnow #decrimsexwork
Mr and Mrs Claus now appear on select nights at the Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin - it is always a fun meet and greet! #disney @swandolphin 
face to face with the moon
I walked in the door this morning and see the #lovebirds spooning in the tiny bed. Instant smile. Mind you, there are two larger beds beside them, and an humongous one in the other room but this little bed has  the  here. #truelove #pug #pugs 
8 and DONUT! WwwwwwwWwwwwwwOW! @DePaulHoops #PlayingPossessed  …
This new venue has my instant 
The difference almost 2 years makes. Thanks to FB memories, here's a photo from Nov. 29th 2017. I'd cut all my hair off in July 2017 and this is how much it's grown since! #BlackHairChallenge #NaturalHair 
‘PRESSED’ FT. @sacealmxghty FIRST SINGLE OFF FATBOY! VIDEO DROPPING NEXT FRIDAY SHOT BY MY BRO @DavieeDavee #FuckAllManners 
DJT Hitlerian Regime has assumed TheHandmaid'sTale is a how-to guide! #Ohio is trying to legislate & force physicians into an army of JosefMengeles! WTAF'dness IS happening! #ForcedBirthers have lost their GD collective CULT MIND! US: Nazi experiments on women? @GOP: Hell  …
This parody account is the best one yet. Hilarious.
We hit 1,000 subs again and I cried my ass off, now lets hit clips 
Knock off the #3 team in D-III? First win over UWSP since 2012? Receiving @USCHO recognition? Head coach Rich McKenna has something brewing in his 4th season with @UWSMensHockey. A look at the 'Jackets strong start to the season:  …
WATCH ME TALK TO MYSELF FOR AN  …
Finally!!!! JR Baby Shark Remix #NUEST #뉴이스트 
On this #ThanksgivingWeekend I offer gratitude to Louise @Godbold for teaching me: The 5 (+1) Principles Of #TraumaInformedCare The 4 Instinctive Survival Responses. The 3 Stages Of Recovery. For more #SurvivorEmpowerment tools, RSVP @EchoTrainingOrg 
follow everyone who likes and rts
Hey man thanks for helping me send my kids to boarding school in Switzerland . They told me they love it there and they appreciate you paying for their personal chef as well
Don’t choose someone who doesn’t love you.
experiencing a range of 
Peter Kelleher's son Travis died of an overdose in 2016. Now he finds meaning and purpose by making huge batches of soup, and ladling it out from the back of his pickup to people experiencing homelessness in 
Hey big head 
me: this male artist seems cool male artist thirty seconds later: [misogyny] 
this is how ima  …
The Ride of Rohirrim still gets me pumped when I watch. That initial horn blast when the riders appear on the horizon still gives me the 
Matthew 24:11 And many false prophets will rise up and deceive and lead many into error. Matthew 24:12 And the love of the great body of people will grow cold because of the multiplied lawlessness and iniquity, Matthew 24:13 But he who endures to the end will be saved.
Be strong out there you guys. You're more than what some people think you are.
#TheMandalorian "There's no possible way to stop an AT-ST!" Didn't a bunch of teddy bears do it with some tree trunks? "I know! We'll sneak into the camp and blow up a tent to lure them into our obvious trap." Why not blow up the AT-ST? It's, like, 10ft away and 
What a brilliant #LateLateToyShow  …
rachel in episode 9: *runs from donna because she can’t stand her attitude and how she blames everyone for the mistakes she participated in* rachel in episode 13: *says she’s gonna bring donna back to life even though they had no scenes or bound together*
I am anxiously waiting for a collaboration.  …
woah wait a damn 
Mason's currently working on a master’s degree in sport leadership. A three-time member of the SEC Academic Honor Roll and a First-Year SEC Honor Roll as a freshman, he's a two-time member of the Dean’s List and currently on the Academic All-America ballot
Mfs say im short like I asked to be fuccin short you bastards
Low-info Dan is still all-in on the carbon dioxide  …
Memphis for the third straight season wins the west and will play in the American Conference Championship and will host the game next week!!! Memphis defeats Cincinnati 34 to 24. #GoTigers!!! 
 @slipknot #QN3 Has To Save Themself Before Being Saved... Mirror Mirror Where In Lies The TRUTH.. 
Yoda’s species on @WookOfficial is listed as “Yoda’s Species”. Baby is a term of endearment as well as a child. Child is what the asset is referred to. Also I echo @OhMyMithrandir. Just let people have  …
If anyone has seen my dog pls call me at (484) 735-9974, he’s been missing for about 5 hours now, he went missing around 8th street in Allentown. Please 
did everyone just collectively forget about this 
Halo needs weekly online tourneys I swear there is nothing to play
The “RANSOM” black long sleeve is 15% off and available now:  
Shitty ass game ain’t with 30$.. I’ll wait a while longer  …
In honor of Phillip Bowsman. #BowsmanStrong 
men who casually call women bitches men who are disrespectful to their mothers men who take more than 5 selfies a year & niggas who drive impalas n  …
i love a wholesome me 
Louisville improves to 7-0 with the victory over Western Kentucky. All signs pointing towards Chris Mack and the Cardinals  the nation’s top-ranked team. Mack has done so much in just under two years on the job.
#Ukraine 6’2 Combo Guard Deandre Burnett @_DREtheGREAT has officially signed with SuperLeague club Kharkivski Sokoly for the 19/20 season. This will be his 2nd Pro 
I ain’t been out in a long time wtf is wrong with me
Hi Mnloves and new mnloves! Join Captain's crew, please dm their profile! Let's all be a crew of our beloved captain #mnl48 #mnl48alice  …
From the 2017 attacks in London and 
redid my starting soon 
hello vic mignogna groped me and a friend of mine when he came to a convention in puerto rico when i was fourteen years old so this has been a thing he has been known to do for over fifteen years but yeah sure y'all can keep defending him mastery of the  …
Who Won the Week Ep. 208: Watchmen Episode 6, Knives Out, DC  …
It is the distance between the inner Earth surface and the outer Earth surface where all the volcanic and earthquake activity takes place. Volcanoes are interconnected to one another on the Earth and they can erupt towards either the inner Earth or the outer Earth.
Y’all really could have kept these po ass 10% off sales
New Order This Time Of Night 13-12-1985 Orleans Salle Du Baron France Bernard at his best .....God knows what Hooky thought ..probably pissed himself .. probably my fave NO song @neworder @peterhook @JDNOPICS @ShugZV 
Only those who care about you can hear you when you're quiet. – 
Kanye’s been doing stadium tours since before Taylor’s career. He sold out stadiums for a fucking fashion show, listening party, & his tours literally sold out in minutes had to add 7 dates in LA ALONE. Beyonce tickets sell out in 2 mins  … 
Hello we booked and got upgraded separately for this overnight flight and still ended up next to each other We will be taking no further questions at this 
PLEASE BOYCOTT THESE FOX SPONSORS @IHOP @Match @hulu @HomeToGo @Crest @tide @Walmart @Nestle @Duracell PLEASE RETWEET TY LIKE OR COMMENT THEY WILL BE TOLD VankaPro
Happy Friday fam This stream gonna be a little different. Since I lost a bet to @1LtButtercup, this stream  be in black and white I don't think you wanna miss this one! Let us turn back the clock!  
Not really but I want them to be confident and happy with the education and skills they  …
i just want someone i can lay up and watch National Geographic with
Siete.  Coming soon 2020 
I'm [LIVE] on Twitch right now! Trading out Japanese Dittos and doing some shiny hunting! Come say hello, we'd love to have 
It’s once again time for this important 
Do you think the State of NY will allow Rudy the choice of staying in his father’s old cell?
A Missouri hospital is now caring for a record number of newborn twins -- 12 sets of them -- who were all born before their due dates. The hospital believes it’s the most it’s ever had. Here’s @errolbarnett  
The Shining (1980) - “All work and no play...” has double meaning as Jack is working at the Overlook Hotel, in part to finish a play he is 
Is this Instagram 
"Benghazi" got more coverage than all of Trump's scandals - his fake charity, his fradulent university, his tax cheating, money laundering, tax dodging, wage stealing, sex offending - COMBINED.
If I literally feel like shit and I tell you that I’m being quiet because I’m grouchy and I don’t want to say anything that I don’t mean, don’t poke at me and be sarcastic and make me blow up and then get butt hurt when I get pissed off at you.
Mam rave be  …
Astute observations at the #AppleCup from #WashingtonState We can agree to  …
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Im such an introvert id rather be in my  doing nothing rather than forcing myself to engage w people i wont encounter w ever again
In 
having a crush sucks :(
So it seems our village idiot hasn’t even read Dark Emu and it turns out the primary sources cited in the book are accurate. That stench in the air is from the carcasses of people’s credibility swinging in the  …
A supporter of Leaving Neverland. A fan of Weinstein. Where have I seen this weird connection before? Oh that's right!  …
"LeBron and AD won't be a good fit 
The Trump Era in a  …
Beeville concession stand will be the place to be tonight, Wimberley fans  – at Veterans Memorial Stadium
Nae wonder everyone is a hash heed in Amsterdam u need a mortgage for a vodka and coke
The right partner will motivate you to be your highest self.
^ 077 
Frank found his cousin’s pig that she left by accident, but when it “squealed,” he felt SOOO bad. He whined and backed away and tapped it with his foot. Poor thing. 
The 12th winner will be receiving the Smuggler's Fortune set and will be the highest donator during our streamed 24 hour sail by the Old Salts for MacMillan. Stop by and say 
this shirt is  …
I think one might paraphrase the great man, by saying: “Things are going to get worse, before they might get better” On all fronts And Johnson is contributing to the ordure  …

Ever tried cutting an ice cream cake with a plastic knife. Real world problems.
This song is illegal,it has no right to slap hard like 
 the 
We've got 4 good GA players currently going afaik, let's make it 5 with @WrathFGC who has traveled to relatively little this year, and could make it high on the PGR this  …
“I’m a top-tier candidate” -Kamala  …
What does Owen Wilson’s cat say? Mwow
Kid Rock is off the rails. Use to like his music. Now I think he can go hang out with James Woods, Scott Baio, Jon Voight and Chuck Woolery. Washed up and out of touch has been club.
OBAMA VISIT WAS BETTER.  …
Don’t forget how you got  …
And this moment that He knew, He fucked up 
Good.. she is a wolf in 
Idc who gets triggered by this but women have bigger hearts than men and that’s a fact you can’t argue
When the moment picks you, will you be 
2 year old: who did that *pointing at a spray painting* Me: maybe a fairy did it 2yo: no, you did it Me: am I a fairy? 2yo: no you're a witch Me:
Man when she crashes its gonna be hard. thanks to @22Devingarfield for the idea lmao #spinel 
Girls boxing and getting amazing haircuts! Boys knitting and collecting crystals! A kid with two mams! A segment about recycling! This #LateLateToyShow is the future liberals want.
YOOOO are yall lookin for a new monitor, laptop, peripherals, etc?! @ASUS_ROGNA has some serious deals goin on! Highly  checkin them out and spoilin yourself or a friend ;D #ad  
So were your fictional #robodebt victims who tragically took their own lives?
having a good heart rl puts you in the most fucked up situations kill
With all due respect and as much as I dislike Corbyn, he's not on the side of terrorists.
The #HaloReach DLC for the Master Chief Collection, the final episode of #LifeisStrange2, and the #Borderlands 3 DLC; what are you most looking forward to playing next  …
Jason Todd in Titans vs Jason Todd in Teen Titans 
Its wild when folks who don’t care about their eating habits and have weight problems(amongst other health problems) always try to speak up on thin/skinny people and what they need on their plates, how they don’t need to work out, how they look sickly, etc.
People should learn how to acknowledge sadness and offer an option if they want to be uplifted or just continue to be sad for awhile. Ayaw ninyo pugsa na ipa happy happy dayun, or act like nothing's wrong pressuring them to act normal  …
Sitting pretty 
I used to walk into Memorial Stadium every day and dream of having an academic all-American portrait or a trophy in the case — Humbled and honored to have contributed to Nebraska’s culture of excellence! Go Big Red 
Fascinating... black humour is usually very  …
Most of my listeners are actually tolerant, decent, kind individuals. I can see why you feel threatened by them. You’re not edgy or clever. You’re just  and utter disgrace to civilisation. Thanks for listening.....maybe stick to defending  …
*NO SPOILERS* Went and saw “Knives Out.” One of the BEST movies I’ve seen in a LONG time. Genius writing, and I immediately want to pay all the money to see it again right now. Holy hell, this was amazing. And I want Christ Evans even more, how is that 
P.S. Please boycott World Wildlife Fund. It is as pseudoscientific and pro-pollution as @Greenpeace & @europeangreens, and is helping to lead the effort to kill nuclear in  …
Chandigarh. The aroma of sweet potatoes being pan-baked over a tiny stove fire. India is full of sensory and cultural surprises. I will be documenting some of them on my blog as I travel. And there will be #recipes! #IndiaBookTour #MajorTomsWar  
Look at dctv parents. LOOK AT  …
IMO, he was bought  …
Bit happening in the @StarsBBL dugout! 
34-24, tough look,  …
i should’ve copped 
Pt2 Stickers de #Karmaland #karmaland4 1. @vegetta777 2. @LOLiTOFDEZ 3. @mangelrogel 4. 
Within every progressive cause - climate change, abortion, immigration, etc, there are activist groups who think fat, ugly people taking their clothes off in public helps make their point. This is known as insanity.
and I speak that bonjour 
Why did we spend $50,000,000,000 on going backwards with the internet system in Aus? Other countries moved forwards! (Suppose it was profits to offshore taxhaven subsidy scheme!)
Oh my goodness. The editing! I love  …
Loaded Indie Friday NYE at Piper! Back for 1 night only! WARNING THIS EVENT WILL SELL OUT - Tickets on Sale 11am Saturday 30 Nov - Hull Box Office  … £6 Limited early bird £8 Standard VERY limited amount pay on the 
To: Mr terrorist - “You ain’t no Muslim bruv!” - on behalf of all Muslims #LondonBridge #londonterrorattack
You're no Chomsky, sonny  …
10 Things I Hate About 
Niggas with anime Avis got y’all favorite bitches naked on the timeline. Gotta respect em
Dear Toronto sports bars, the @Raptors are defending champions, please show the games without prompting and have the sound on. Treat them with some respect.
merry christmas from the 
Exactly Kobe fans always tripping big time
“I've traveled all over the world, but I don't think there is any place better than Texas” ~ Red Adair So true – have a nice weekend, friends!
#1️⃣ (lets boycott any future suggestions of streaming on  …
could watch this for hours 
cool one piece iron sight. Not sure if it's good, but it's 
you deserve someone who wants to stay
Like this against the wing-heavy  …
wait i just realized that i don’t know how to show 
me after saying personally i wouldn't have that and now they're throwing 
watch cherry (2020) starring tom holland  …
3rd place out of 28 schools thank you @MalayanLaguna for giving us the opportunity to showcase our talents! love ko kayo ellipsis huhu 
when are people gonna start blaming parents for raising dumbass  …
FILASS! HOL UP BIG BABY, HOL UP BIG BABY! DAS WHAT I SAID! STEADY GRAIN GRIP'N BUSSIN HOES IN THE  …
okay imma go off for a sec: a majority of panic stans shit on ryan, and for what? mans living a happy life, AND SO IS BRENDON. both of them wouldn't be where they are today without EACH OTHER. realize that many people shaped that band, not everything is done by ONE person.
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS SEXIST ?? I don't think so! Female Press Sec Female Sec. of DHS Female Admin. of SBA Female Director of CIA Female Sec. of Air Force Female Sec. of Education Female Ambassador to UN Female Campaign Manager Female Sec. of Transportation: Female
Their Bernie Smears Are Not Working as Planned | Tim Black Mini @BernieSanders @PeteButtigieg #MedicareForAll #timblackshow 
stream 
So proud of the @goodcopgoodcop team that have spent the last year putting together @howwillsanta and seeing it on @thelatelateshow #LateLateToyShow was pure joy. To echo Ryan, I wish we hadn’t felt the need to create the book in the first place. But tonight is 
Egon Schiele - Portrait of Friederike Maria Beer, 
I need an NSO week part 2. Just imagine if we all were  as we are now lmao.
No. 18 Memphis knocks off No. 19 Cincinnati! These two will rematch next week in the American Conference championship game 
This girl loves some sun and scratches 
So sorry we had to reschedule our Nederland show, y'all. BUT I'll be hanging out at Hamilton’s Restaurant & Bar in Port Arthur tomorrow night (Saturday) starting at 6:30pm. Stop by, say howdy & have some killer Cajun 
Terrorist kills two in London, suspending British election 
i’m built so different, i’ll never do people how they do me.
FINAL: Newfane 62, Lockport 45 A strong second half from the Panthers, led by the play of Sam Capen & Garrett Srock, sends the team to the Lockport Rotary Club Tournament championship game. They'll face Will East at 5:30 with Lockport vs. Starpoint at 4 pm.
Best #Panto team EVER! Come and watch the show... you won’t regret it!   …
A fishing district in Accra churns out boxing champions. The sport offers a way out of 
A change of leader would allow both sides to draw breath. But Carrie Lam shows no sign of stepping 
Their guy - Put the economy on the edge of a recession - Watch the UnEmp rate slow down - Is laughed at, mocked, and hated all over the world - Had over 150 indictments, 6 criminal convictions, multiple hearings, on the verge of impeachment - Can't leave soon enough
Novartis's $9.7bn acquisition of the Medicines Company brings with it a promising cardiac 
sorry I’m not patient with this 
A Black Man (our guy)... - Fixed the economy - Significantly lowered the Unemployment rate over 10% down to ~4%) - Was admired all over the world - Had 0 indictments, convictions or hearings for wrong-doings - Is truly missed I do so love rubbing MAGA's nose in it.
In Opinion "Much more than impeachment connects the presidencies of Andrew Johnson and Donald Trump," writes Manisha 
America's Most Musical Family starts NOW! Let us know which performances you're loving 
Sorry for the porn. 
change the game 
If only  I might get to do my sunroom had a Black Friday discount.. they quoted the project at 36k, and that’s not including me building the deck and dealing with those materials... my heart.. time to sell my soul in OnlyFans nah but really house things are pricey
I'm embarrassingly clueless about Irish TV, but turns out our PAC-MAN sweater featured on the most-viewed show of the year in Ireland! #LateLateToyShow So now I'm working tonight whaddup (seriously, amazing to see this on the  …
Peyton Henry drills a 22-yard field goal The Dawgs lead 31-13. 
Honestly, the biggest turn off for me is a female who is too “boy crazy” and doesn’t know how to be cool..mfs be so thirsty out here.
You just have to work hard for it.. Prayers only are not enough..
Mi Black 
This is absolutely amazing. I hope they make it a law and actually enforce it. No loopholes. Also this is a great time to enforce sex education so many people know what a hymen is.
I do wanna say... Bud Foster, much respect on a great career. Good riddance! #Respect
Be sure to tune in right now for our iBUYPOWER x NRG Community Tournament! Have a chance to team up with @ItsMohr @LetMeAce @LuluLuvely. @NRGgg     
Boise State is now 3-0 with their 3rd string QB Jaylon Henderson starting. #BleedBlue
Fair play to Katie for getting that wee girl to do a bit of pad work to help settle her nerves. It helped ground her, changed the  #LateLateToyShow
#GatorNation my boy @troystellato going to be in the swamp tomorrow, let’s make him a gator
New estimate versus old estimate China - 93 million vs 29 million Bangladesh - 42 million vs 5 million India - 36 million vs 5 million Vietnam - 31 million vs 9 million Indonesia - 23 million vs 5 million Thailand - 12 million vs 1  …
The holidays are the perfect time to relax and head to the movies! Here's our 2019 Thanksgiving movie  …
THE DAY BRITAIN FOUGHT BACK. Today the UK changed today we produced some amazing heros. We will not bow down to Terrorism, we will fight you in the  …
I consider my life worth nothing to me, if only I may finish the race  the task the Lord Jesus has given to me — the task of testifying to the gospel of God's grace. Acts 20:24
"I'm out of voice..." What a debut for Sathiyan at the Chengdu Airline #ITTFWorldCup! Hear what he has to say after making it to the knockout rounds! VC : 
Stop gate keeping baby Yoda. IT MAY NOT BE HIM AS A BABY BUT HE'S AN ICONIC CHARACTER AND CALLING HIM BABY YODA MAKES HIM MORE ACCESSIBLE TO NEW STAR WARS  …
Did I stand in front of this sign in the middle of a mall on Black Friday just so I could tell everyone passing by that I wrote one of these movies? Yes. Yes, I sure did. #ItsAWonderfulLifetime #ChristmasInLouisiana 
Last Classic with my bruddas  out tomorrow and support #GramFam 
Sometimes They Come Back From the Store With Flowers #niceupStephenKing
#TheBigDog @WWERomanReigns is set to open #SmackDown TONIGHT on @FOXTV. 
Social services has a huge paedophile ring attached to it! Official perverts in power who feed on children in state care! They gravitate to jobs giving them access to children! Spotter social workers facilitating the transfer of "marked" children to paedophiles in the  …
No hay chance con las bases  …
I remember. Broke that boy’s ankles  …
Learning to be alone day 11: going dancing by myself. Wish me luck
when i have my first child i want to be living in my own crib, financially stable & with someone who loves me.
Post and caption of the day, week and arguably the year! Keep this video close when you can't get over a disagreement over TUT, Keto or trapbar/oly bar deadlifts. @SpartanEarned1 never fails to to send a message. Thanks for keeping me in check  …
So  …
It’s very sadly true 
My kids middle name gone be madaddyabich .. das cute it mean something in Hebrew it some shit
I feel tired of all this Just want to sleep
Made it through and got the win. On to the ship on The Blue
LeBrons is the greatest offensive player in NBA History Pts RS= 33,008 Playoffs= 6,911 Total Pts= 39,919 Asts RS= 8,860 Asts Playoffs= 1,687 Total assists 10,547 (don’t have exact #of asts on 3 pointers made 25% used) Pts responsible for in his career 63,650 He is the 
 is touching enough on its own, but the music evokes what might be the most heart-wrenching sequence in movie history. Yeah, it got me  …
He stole the show with 
Shout out to these awesome artists!(part7) @JillWinterMusic @potparallel @emeliesongs @OTuchler @carolineb_songs @Wanita______ @SofiaKatsaros @ShopFrontHeroes @Electricmudd @cryorob @JenHeizer_ @achilles_my @PaschettoRod @WheeshtBand @JasMFrank
We appreciate all the fans and family that supported us throughout the season. Through the ups and downs, you guys stayed loyal and we couldn’t ask for more. Next Saturday let’s pack Ford field and show them why CMU is different and a great place  to. #ringchasing
The LAST WORD before #UGAvsGT  
Like Fatal Frame we intend to play through all 5 if we get enough support on our playthroughs! So check out the beginning of  …
It makes sense that Thirdy's not joining post-championship interviews since doing so is automatically giving everyone the chance to ask him the hot question: "Ano nga ba talaga kami ni Thirdy?" HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA CHEKA
The Funslinger #NiceUpStephenKing
@thedemons I accidentally showed my dad this instead of something else and he was so invested. He was like “go back to the fight” and stared at it and goes “I like it”
In 2013, Louisville played Michigan. Louisville was the #1 team in the nation and Michigan was the hottest team in the 
every fanbase has dipshits. here is one of  …
I need a man who’s willing to pay for hair, nails & toes every 2 weeks.. that would be lovely
Thankful for this 21st year of life and the many years, blessings, and endeavors that are ahead of me!
Long v Short (ok twitter I need a girlfriend do your thing)  
I’m open for three drawings like these. $10 each! Please DM me if you’re interested or 
According to the dictionary, there are 2 genders. Male and female. 

i love wasting my day off thinking about cinnaphos domestic au 
This will not end  …
Sad to see no tractors in this year’s #LateLateToyShow with the ongoing tractor protests.
This Magnificent Frigatebird was awesome. All the other birds seemed freaked out the couple of times it swooped around because they would start calling loudly. I’m assuming they were alarm calls as the Frigatebird is known to steal food from other birds. 
All honesty....how bloody good is @murpharoo ??? Journalism at his most honest, hard hitting with sheer brilliance.
Photo shows Florence Thompson with several of her children in a tent shelter as part of the Migrant Mother series in Nipomo, 

you call yourself a slut and get dick every two weeks while i’ve gotten different dick everyday in a week and was still horny we are not the same 
Dan, why would any sane person be “demoralized” by a trend of 8 inches of global sea level rise in 150  …
What is the slow cooker version of this  …
Always avoid talking to those types of people that drain your energy each & every time you talk to them
What the leftovers see when I open the 
Everyone: #UninstallTokopedia Shopee and the others 
What do you see? NYC? No... I see thousands of Black Friday shoppers in NYC storming @TMobile stores for our great #BlackFriday deals!! 
Girls who  with settling for less scare me
Seriously fucken hope this is the right track. 
Matthew 24:10 And then many will be offended and repelled and will begin to distrust and desert [Him Whom they ought to trust and obey] and will stumble and fall away and betray one another and pursue one another with 
Flowers for @bernardokath See you later bebe!!!! 
Yo don’t body shame It’s not your body so it’s not your business
Well done Denise. Your opponent @YvetteCooperMP is possibly one of the most duplicitous Labour MPs on #Brexit to have ever served in the @HouseofCommons — just behind @EmilyThornberry @Keir_Starmer Good luck Dec 12th
Man that IrishMan must have flopped huh it's already on Netflix
you’re only for black civil rights when it fills your pockets. we can agree to disagree on that
Derek St. Hilaire scored a career-high 22 points as Jacksonville State got past Chicago State 71-62 in the Emerald Coast Classic on  …
I wish I could go back in time to my 16 year old self and tell her not to go to college and accumulate 20,000 in debt for something she isn’t gonna use or finish
I got my own Baby 
 …
Laughs in  …
Here’s a livestream for the show tonight! #ShawnMendesTheTourSaoPaulo #ShawnMendesTheTourBrasil  …
I be peeping everything I just be playin dumb
Y’all fans be something else, y’all would never say the stuff y’all tweet on here to any of the players faces.
. Home
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” --Helen Keller 
Help I found the label I made for when I first started to stan 
Man do I love steam 
Imagine them considering Lisa stans encouraging other Lisa thai fans to just focus now in supporting Lisa as lowest of the low than the racism, disrespect that Lisa and SEA people for from Jshtters ‍
it’s not “dumb” it’s an Irish name not  …
I just had my Winter Solace shop update and have 4 pendants left on  
Beer is nasty tho
Top Ten Kids’ Movies With a Green Theme  via @SmithsonianMag FYI my lovelies #OneVoice1
Tiger football like so many others stands in support of @WWsenators and the legacy left by Coach Bowsman. @INFBCoaches #FAMILY 
Auston Matthews on playing career-high 24:48 tonight: "I want to be out there, I feel like I can be a difference out there. We had our chances, couldn't capitalize on them. And then a couple bad plays by myself and our line out there and it cost us some goals against."
I like lori but y’all doing a lot with the least. 
demi being registered for that ‘ME’ song but will probably scrap it. don’t let me be a fool again 
The Apple Cup for the last decade in a 
Basically sold out on the new long sleeves! Thankyou to everyone supporting
Brilliant Mike Peters @thealarm on Hurricane of Change tour @JohnPeelCentre - amazing to go to a gig in the town where I first heard the band as a teenager many years 
Muchas gracias  …
i found a boo and i truly do not know how to act
WAIT JUSTIN PLAYED FANS NEW MUSIC?!??
yall whack also whos stupif enough to leak their number on stan twitter nah
It’s crazy how a situation can give you like ptsd like how if you hear a certain name or something reminds you of something shitty that happened your chest tightens up and you get really anxious and sad and nauseous. Shit sucks
Trump isn't even better than this 
#NoNewFriends Presents Unsanctioned II at @popsrocks Saturday, Dec 21st Featuring @TheTootieLynn vs @ElaynaBlack vs @LaynieLuck Tickets on sale now  
AND FOR SOME REASON, AGAIN....NO SIGN OF THE  …
I shall never post on deviantart 
drop your Black Friday/Small Business Saturday deals and updates below!
Love long, thick hair but hated hair extensions so 
So you're trying to shake down GA Governor on behalf of Trump to select a deranged sycophant to sit in J. Isakson's vacated Senate seat. You #GOPMobsters are destroying this country.
HIIII I’ll be on cam tonight around 11pm PST for a long ass Friday night shenanigans shift Gonna get some tequila cuz fuckkk those vodka shots from the other night 
Starters for the Nittany Lions tonight against Syracuse! : M. Jones : M. Dread : J. Wheeler : L. Stevens : M. Watkins 
If you’re a pretty female imma tell you that. I’m def a “you pretty as hell” as bitch when I see a pretty girl.
Jordi, are you okay? Are you okay, are you okay, Jordi?
Our favorite Black Friday special. 
girls with big foreheads are cute
I would appreciate new followers I have been hiking cross Canada since March 1 and now 9 month’s later and almost 9000km I will end in Victoria I am from Edmonton @CanadasWalk Help me get to 1000 before Victoria Thanks 
my mom won’t let me drive her new car even tho i live in new york city and haven’t gotten to drive a car in 6 years...
I really love this edit!!! I freakin love Lana’s hair like this too!!! I love curly 
Coun Farkas now asking #yyccc to reconsider spending $200,000 on public consultation on lowering speed limits in neighbourhoods. He'd rather see that money go to Downtown Outreach Addictions Partnership (DOAP) team. #yyccc
The back stories are colorful too. One is paraplegic; the other has what sounds like POTS, but isn’t diagnosed yet. Some of the others have non-apparent disabilities. Jazzed you have them open amputee dolls in a few weeks.
and if they won’t be performing we will catch priyanka and 
In awe of your splendor, Jesus, you are a living treasure! Unworthy, I stand in your presence, yet, you gave my life essence Nothing in this world  to you, Jesus, you're the only love that is true. your child, abby Jesus Reigns 2019, everyone!!
My roommate masturbate cause she thinks I’m  …
the security at eroda when we all spend our life savings on one way flights to there and harry isn’t even there and he’s just fucked off back to london 
WATCH: Officers guided in to a male located by thermal drone, unconscious, with a head injury, suffering from hypothermia in the middle of a field in pitch black freezing conditions after walking away from a collision near Crowland. Almost certainly a life saved. 
Bye Rudy. Time to catch that bus. Tire tracks look nice on a suit. Trump never knew you anyway, don’t you know that? Never knew the guy. Rudy 
yo  thru to my show after urs
Michael in gold.. 
Against better judgement, have purchased Turkish Delight. Question is: do I share with family or pull an Edmund 
Michigan really has the best college football and basketball teams in the nation right now.
5 HOURS LEFT! THE @ohvirginhair BLACK GIRL FRIDAY SALE IS STILL ACTIVE WITH NO CODES NEEDED! Shop for you, your girls and more! Shop the best hair and hair care on the market today and grab this one time only price while you can and while supplies last at  
This is no way for a WWE Hall of Famer to  …
2020 i wanna be the  …
I got that wet, got that warm bath, baby . You plus me, equals better math, don't it, baby? Try to divide that, my better half gon' go crazy Fuck it up sis @TEYANATAYLOR
GAME DAY presented by @PerformanceTVL! @NewcastleJetsFC v Canberra United McDonald Jones Stadium 4:30pm AEDT Best day of the week! 
My heart is so full right now, a @MemphisWBB win and @MemphisFB win within two hours of each other!!! So proud of both teams, I can’t even express it. #GoTigersGo all day long!
Thank You!! @Sadersaur illustration @StylCreations Photography @nxzPSD just being there @Konsubo being my diary that reply @Ace_Royal14 bring me here Chats: - illustration island - The Forest There's a bunch more but these are the main guys that got me where I am today
I know I’m getting older because more and more I find myself craving just plain tortilla chips
My Black Friday buys (+ a Nutri Ninja Pro that I didn’t feel like 
just took my first shower in north  …
You pray for the little things, but Allah ﷻ Has written greater things for you
If someone not trying to grow with you, then you gotta go.
“At every turn, the Economist emphasised the importance of Britain’s role as this geopolitical fluffer, firming the resolve of the US in its fight against  …
Oops, I had a slip up and got the PW bass.
I'm sorry folks but I am broken. I am a broken human. 4 losses by less than a Touchdown. That's almost impossible.
#WritingCommunity #writers You hear a knock on your door and it's your main character. Drop a gif of your reaction in 
#LondondBridge There's some brave people out there, real heroes They won't realise what they have done is heroic until it is pointed out to them. Then they will deny it They went into that situation, willingly or not. They stopped that evil. Held it until it could be finished.
And it’s not about “ agreeing to disagree “ she should offer everyone due process not just the people she makes film about. Everyone should have their human rights - she’s not giving Michael’s his and he needs it the most today.
Step into this next decade in the power and provision of the Lord. Make your plans to join us for #Vision2020, December 27-31. Register Now:  Or call +1 (850) 
All of the establishment creatures  - @Abecruz15: Don't forget Obama John, he  out publicly to bury Bernie...  …”
#frenchie #frenchbulldog #frenchies #frenchbulldogs #puppy #dogs #DogsOfTwitter #FrenchBulldogsOfTwitter #FrenchiesOfTwitter #FrenchiesofInstagram #TrevorLeWoof #KevAndTrev also @WipeHomophobia on 
Do men get accused of being a provocative tease at work when they wear required business clothes like suits? No, they do  …
Been waiting for my ISP to show up since 2pm :) it’s 7 :)
I needed to do 
This video sums it up pretty well. It's also quite  …
HALF | Business is booming. : 4 : 0 
Gonna be pulling all the ladies and fellows with my newfound fame + reply from THE ACTUAL FUCKING CHRIS CHAN OH MY FUCKING GOD 
No one that’s more qualified than me to handle whatever I’d tell  …
you can’t  …
I genuinely thought I was going to marry Harry styles. Like fully believed  …
Did you know? Is YOUR candidate aware? Are they working towards this 
 …
Here's the latest update--Hwy 330 is open to residents only with R3 conditions. Hwy 18 remains closed at Green Valley Lake Rd, blocking access to Snow Valley. We expect the highway to open this evening or tomorrow morning. We plan to open at 9am Sat, road conditions 
Cool lil random spawn shot 
Your Dolls~ @JocyTysmom @lesdotcom @Sprinkles1969 @gooch_lady @lilredtejas @fanmum69 @Sensual1425 @RiderofWolves @SheilaBx2 @SeductiveSassy @DdrunKkMe24 @smerkaliscious @LilCuteforu @OSUmommaDOC @qeteshmusings @NthrnPrincess @Nifflergirl1 @Rebeccah81 Anon
Homo sapiens need education to teach them to think and not only to obey Good morning thinking apes... #ritualpagi
My heart "Sing us a song And we'll sing it back to you We could sing our own But what would it be without you I am nothing now And its been so long Since I've heard a sound The sound of my only hope This time I will be listening" IMYSM #IZONE GOOD MORNING LOML 
Oh, sort of a gym update.I was shaving and I noticed when I inhale, I'm beginning to see six pack horizontal lines.JFC. I'm 67 years old.Been more than a year at the gym.3x a week.
mine sweat Friemd @richard_ruler nominally me for, post Throw Back picture. Hear is me just a week after,, I came to mine new home for the first time. July 2018, I’m was only 12 year’s old here 
It only took Mack 13 months of basketball to get to number one.
Happy weekend, 
191129 TODAY SHOW Cherry Bomb #NCT127TODAY #NCT #NCT127 #TAEYONG #JOHNNY #DOYOUNG #HAECHAN #TAEIL #JAEHYUN #MARKLEE #해찬 #태용 #쟈니 #태일 #도영 
At last we have arrived at the crying-to-Sufjan-Stevens’-“Sister-Winter” part of the annual holiday cycle.
someone take me to go see the snow :(
Stop recording yourself when giving food or money to poor people - Singer  …
I’m sorry but are you tone deaf? You posted a hit piece against a professional u had a disagreement with but then didn’t even bother to reach out to them  How is this ethical #healthjournalism @sciam ???
...excuse me my iphone xr resin cases r available now  
Louisville’s turn in the kill box.  back to #1, Cardinals.
As if he is on the side of murderers. Have a think about that, Frances. Does he actually want that?
Currently our movie #MermaidForChristmas is only available in the USA as a special limited release on both #AmazonPrime @PrimeVideo and #Amazon but I believe next year will be   …
I think we will absolutely make sure the 2 guys who risked their own safety to pin the attacker down will be honoured in whatever way possible. 2 inspiring fellas.
square 3... i 
Going to end up marrying a Colombian
no point lets just get  …
today is RBB’s first anniversary! the song who has the highest note in kpop history, it‘s literally proved that RED VELVET is that group with five talented main vocals! i mean they made their group called the best idol group alive for reasons #HappyBirthdayRBB 
Opposing shoot to kill is normal and good. It should be an absolute last resort. Ideally never used at all
lou and reid taking a nap at the beach, taken by 
I have seen this as well!! @angelakang @WalkingDead_AMC people are returning to the show because of this relationship. So  …
I put my money first the love can wait
HOLD THE ROPE #YouGoWeGo 
bye intrams. hello pts. hello worksheets. hello stress. hello exam :((((
Thousands of home printers going to the landfill every day because it's cheaper to buy a new printer than just replacement ink. That's the business model Canon, HP, etc have chosen. But yeah, let's ban shopping bags instead. Should be a great story for @cbcmarketplace
Queen Mercy Eke will be starting her Ciroc circle tour today and Benin is officially the 1st city on the tour calendar. Come party with Lambo at Club 79 and make sure you buy atleast a bottle of Mercy Ciroc Colada #MercyCirocCircleTour #MercyColadaTakesBenin 
JOEL IS IN COLORADO I THOUGHT THEY WERE IN CALIFORNIA
The new  with the turkey is creepy, but not Ray Liotta  creepy.
Watch SE is going to release the statue for this expansion and it's gonna be Hades and I'm gonna have to explain why I have a $200 statue of an eldrich horror
#WalangPasok Classes suspended in San Juan to give way for the SEAG. #SEAGames2019 | 

Tell the world that Jesus lives Tell the world that, tell the world that Tell the world that he died for them Tell the world that he lives again
Appalled by the violent attacks which took place today in #London and #TheHague. Canadians are standing together with our British and Dutch friends. Our hearts are with the loved ones of the victims, and we wish those injured a swift recovery.
Ella's heart is about to burst...incredible gift from @KatieTaylor to a young boxer. Katie showing the innate value of #cantseecantbe and @20x20_ie on #LateLateToyShow tonight
If you're single please avoid @fireboydml s album it will end in tears
Can’t get #QueenAndSlim out of my head. The blackness. The love. The love. The love. @LenaWaithe you two for two now with creating projects I’ll revisit for years between that Master of None Thanksgiving episode and this. Also- @melinamatsoukas makes us look so gotdamn gorgeous.
And they just had to use the picture of a bystander that helped by taking the attackers knife?! SUE.  …
Journalistic lying and fabrications - which Oz specializes in - are never justified no matter how much you hate the person to whom he's doing it. Beyond that, he worked for a racist, facist rag-tabloid. Glad to see you admire someone like that so much.
You're awake by this time and you think you're a normal human being?
There’s no airport in Long Island 
Power went off at Bahamar and the tourist thought it was a terrorist attack. I have never been so embarrassed. #BPL
This is almost at 
Don't want to stand here and shout Your praise And walk away and forget Your Name I'll stand for you if it's all I do 'Cause there is none  to You 'Cause all I want in this lifetime is you and all i want in this whole world is you
Changkyun Japan Fancon VCR Eng subbed by me Raw by joohoneyful Please take out with full credit, thank 
“The anti-China phobia and ­pro-American treachery of so many locals can only mean one thing: any form of autonomy or independence will turn the city into an American satellite state, and a beachhead for Washington to subvert the rest of  …
Some years ago I was maintaining  CI written with bash scripts and then Fastlane appeared and made my life easier, thanks a lot! @KrauseFx 
GRANNY PAT REALLY EXPOSED THAT AARON CAME OVER TO MEET EMMA’S 
i want to thank @backtoferas for the spotify 
I wanna be an assasssin. A shotgun and martial arts strong sexy bitch. Paid by a guy super hot, fucking in Singapore on a mission.
anyway this is our kaz brekker, stay 
just a litol furball whom i wanna 
NONAME BLOCKED ME COS OF THIS 
They were born in Akron, therefore they are from  …
Mike Rothschild: "Look a Q Person." "Hey Mike are you going to disprove Q using Q itself as a source, which makes the most sense?" Mike Rothschild: "No, I don't know how to do that." You're the political equivalent of an ambulance chaser.
NUMBER 14 PLAYER IN THE STATE ... MORE WORK TO DO  …
She's disgusting and should of been forced out after her FB 
It’s a really relevant message with the destructive nature of  and it’s detrimental effect on people and society. The other reason the song is doing well is of course because it’s a bop
RIP to the man who started it all and set the foundation for the tradition of excellence at West  …
British police kill knife-wielding man who fatally stabbed two people on London Bridge 
anime dallas with my mitsuri 
Y’all want this man to hate his son so bad because your fathers never offered you unconditional  …
The graphic makes the win official... 5 Huskies scored in double figures to lead NIU past Tennessee Tech. Woods - 23 pts (4-7 3pt) Nikitinaite - 14 pts, 7 reb. Blackwell - 14 pts, 7 reb. Koker - 14 pts off the bench Starks - 10 pts, 3 ast 
I think a huge reason Mamamoo’s new song HIP is doing so well in SK is BECAUSE it’s a song calling out  and obsession with judging people. Then it takes all that and says to ppl that whatever you do it’s hip bc it’s you + to own it + be proud being yourself
JLo is nominated for “Best Look” and “Best Latin Artist Worldwide” at the Latin Music Italian Awards #JenniferLopez #JLo VOTE here:  
how is the photographer even 
somebody turn this into a bounce  …
York University, for decades, has coddled antisemites and is simply reaping what it has allowed to be sown since at least the early 1990s. Please don't feign surprise or outrage unless you're actually prepared to do something about it. Maybe start with that fucking mural.
wheein always been on her phone and this is how fast she 
Don’t get me wrong but Tap for details means he’s selling her. Lol
Turns out Central Michigan was a quality  …
Indigenous Comic Con has begun! Just hanging out with @QueerlyRepMe and #Ghastly Soon  will be the  international dances and live music by @Songlines_Music #Indigicon2019  – at Darebin Arts & Entertainment Centre
Been there. Done that. Feed me  …
ready to fight old white women at costco who look at my mom wrong
Masters of the Universe by Fred 
Obfuscation game on. The corrupt, lying #MSM are trying to get ahead of the IG report by leaking the #DeepState's feedback to it. Hopefully the subsequent rebuttals will only add to the devastation the report inflicts on them. #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp  …
constantly reminding myself that I was raised in chaos. therefor, I only know how to maneuver in chaos - so when kindness or any form of  my way, even if I am continuously giving it - I can’t recognize what it looks like nor know how to received it. Be patient with  …
Alright last one I’m posting from this shoot but I was proud of myself for this edit 
im shaving all my hair off
(Force) choke me daddy
Sup y'all... @richvillestunna drops another banger Titled: Harder Now available on SoundCloud & audiomack Links below  … Or  … Listen, Like &  – at TAK Continental Estate
I told y’all CC Veterans @VMAthletics was not a true 4 seed and that they were legit!!!! We gave them what we had and it just wasn’t enough...they just beat an undefeated CC Miller team 56-49 to advance for the 4th round. Good luck next week to a really good team!! #repsouthtexas
Tired of being a broke student only fans might be the move
I’m a Scorpio and he was a Virgo  
JLovers! I’ve got some news... The Real Receipts: Are You The Ghost Voice Of JLo? Part 1 is DONE! Y’all are going to need to RETWEET this if you want me to drop the video this weekend. Trust me, it’s worth it RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET  
daily reminder to spread nothing but love and kindness ♡
As an #Aries for December: Find space within your closest relationships to just be yourself because you've spent too long this month trying to be what other people want you to be.
A Holiday Gift Guide For Any Budget, From $1,000 to $10,000
Bloomie may be the only Dem Whose campaign manager has a  …
191129 Today show superhuman 02 #재현 #JAEHYUN #NCT 
Where my Canadians at remember 
Then she should go back to sleep.
i’d marry me, put triplets in me, & buy two dogs and a  …
I forget sometimes that if we don’t drink enough water or get enough sunlight (vitamin D) we’ll be tired all the time, not digest well, and be more likely to get sick. We really are just glorified houseplants.
let’s us all take a moment to appreciate mark’s eye 
Try 3 next time! 2 ain’t enough  …
. @jennagray22 out here making plays » @Pac12Network 
I want to smash a brick on Nietzsche’s  …
Spreading this hashtag and hype Obsession! What's your favorite song of this album? #EXOLHypedByEXO @weareoneEXO @weareoneEXO @exoonearewe #EXO
If I was a Viking king I think I’d call myself Bonar. Bonar The Girthy.
wishing there were Black Friday sales on boob jobs
Nothing is more unattractive to me than someone who posts everything on social media. Can’t stand it.
film twitter the type of ppl to criticize you for not having four consecutive hours to sit & watch a movie but then they also post spoilers for that movie a day after it releases
Really. What did you takeaway from Sandy Hook, Orlando Nightclub, Vegas, Stoneman Douglas High School, Sutherland Springs Church and the Pittsburg  …
Fitted down and Im ready to PLAY 
when the vibe is natural and not forced>>>>>
Had the most adorable office visitor this afternoon! 
I will literally have 6 shoe boxes in my hands and some random white lady will stop me and be like "EXCUSE ME CAN I GET SOME HELP" and it makes me irrationally angry
Why have I actually upset people because I snapped a Fifa 18 
“I’m Chaos,” you chitter to the other raccoon, Zorro. You activate the monster truck’s cruise control button and help Zorro up off the gas pedal. They climb onto the driver’s seat with you. You continue driving over cop cars together. Zorro purrs.
Yes I’m 22 yes I’d like to go to the adventure science center
WE ARE OTW!! 
This is why you don’t start prank wars, someone may scoop out the pumpkin and replace your pie filling with refried 
That time of year again. Buy some pumpkin bread 
NYT editor Dean Baquet announces a new drinking game: the name “Emmett Till” will be randomly inserted into stories and anytime readers stumble upon St. Emmett’s sacred name, they are entitled to pour themselves a stiff drink.  … E.g., End of Decade in 
CARDS WIN!!! ...which means... We're 7-0 
Watched the Iowa/ Nebraska game with my 92 year old father who was born and raised in Nebraska and moved to Iowa in 1956 and is a diehard Hawkeye fan. I had to take this video 
V cool! I'm into  …
Otis Redding and it’s not all that close
Stay single until you’re appreciated.
Good morning
I don't need diamonds, no sparkly things 
People around the world are protesting today! #ClimateStrike Next week 200 nations will join UN climate conference in Madrid  …
I get it. Interesting why some people write books. Gary Byrne wrote a book on Mrs Clinton before election so he could have a clear conscience in case she won. He felt it was his duty to warn people. WATCH LISTEN LEARN  
Officially the new #1.... The University of Louisville Cardinals
Personal time with God needed daily
Mourinho on if he met with Raul Sanllehi: "No. No. Of course I never deny it because I never deny things. But when I was reading that I was in a meeting with Mr Sanllehi, it is not 
Don't go back to a person that disrespected you already .
I want to be lit tomorrow night. Let’s beat N.C. State.
Gloves have been through the wash, shirt ironed and shoes polished. Just a good night sleep now and I'm all ready for the consecration of @LodgeWelsh @SouthWalesMason 
But I will say women on the timeline bash any women that dates future and calls them all type of stupid (rightfully so) but y’all are singing a different tune with Lori Harvey doing it.
Having no hoes deadass boring af
Girl stop acting like going out is so beneath you....you just ain’t got no clothes or money
Nope but curiosity and a willingness to learn, no matter how "useless" it seems, is good for me. College is a biased frame of education anyways.
This looks like one of those “my two personalities” posts that black leggings and oversized hoodie twitter loves to dick  …
Merkel: Because of Hate Speech We have to Take Away your Freedom of Speech or We Won't Be Free Who decides what Hate Speech is? Angela is  East Germany. They restricted free speech, imprisoned & tortured thousands. Is this what Angela wishes for today's 
Nayeon and Dahyun will be on Knowing Brothers tonight at 9PM KST Stream it here:  …  … #TWICE 
191129 Today show superhuman 01 #재현 #JAEHYUN #NCT 
“It’s time to Talk About the 25th Amendment.” by Lauren Martinchek #25thAmendment #TrumpLiesEverytimeHeSpeaks  …
I think all of the hate for Whiteside is absurd. I think it's fair to say he's been much more than the team expected. Not a perfect player, but avg. 15pts & 12rbs on 60% shooting. A solid stop gap until Nurk returns. Plus he will give you a couple of blks a night. #RipCity
Ladies....I’m at Bath and Body Works. What lotions or perfume y’all be getting? Asking for my big head ass sibling
i hate spending money but i love nice things :/
a more perfect group of kids has never 
she never gave up on us and we will never give up on her. through thick and thin, we will always be there. it’s a forever thing 
Jakub Voracek said he passed to Niskanen because he couldn’t miss the cage he was wearing.
the first movie filmed in space will be Norbit In Orbit
FINAL: Boise State defeats Colorado State 31-24 for their 11th win of the season. Boise State vs Hawaii for the MWC Championship on Dec 7th at 2pm on The Blue.
Is it really good marketing or PR if you dont scare your core base everytime u talk about the game
Updating all my 
All came to a mutual agreement best for them all to move on and I have nothing but respect for each of them just we have taken different paths for the best for us and they taken the best paths for them.. With saying that maybe a Hype RC soon as new room has opened up
My (it’s Jonno this time) friend Liam (also in Sheeps) made this show and it’s absolutely phenomenal and I’m (Jonno’s) really really proud of  …
Speech pathology research in Australia has arrived. We have our own Field of Research code by the Australian Bureau of  …
Pete should chill with the republican talking points unless he wants to run in the republican  …
Postcard from 
Look for the pot of gold! Gorgeous double rainbow now! #abc7now #SanFrancisco 
Was at a skatepark in Virginia today and saw a guy whose style could only be described as racist
It's odd not having hypocritical ole missers in my mentions all day. Something must've pissed em off.
leonardo dicaprio on his way to burn the amazon to the 
LMAOOOOOO W
Jawline on fleek bitch u may jus be my lil sister
A Chicago police officer slammed a man to the ground during an arrest. The department is investigating -see U can’t even do this in the  …
So when Bernie said this two years ago, he was wrong, I assume? Also - Pete's plan subsidizes the next 10% of Americans - those making up to 
Nisky goes home Tn with a +4 rating, the POG bucket, and a face so numb he can’t feel a thing! 
My plan for 
I just finished The United States of Trump by @BillOReilly ! His historical look at The Political Life of President @realDonaldTrump is Spot On as usual. I wish he spent more on WHY Manafort was hired, a forgotten chapter, but you will enjoy reading the book! It is not #FakeNews
Boise State wins 31-24 over Colorado State. - 11-1 finish - 8-0 in MW play (first time ever) - Host title game vs. Hawaii
As we await in #StLouis the next update with #lawsuit against the #NFL take a look at what's going on in #Oakland What a mess created and #JerryJones greedy @$$is in the middle of it all. He wins the most. The #NFL can't buy their way out of this. And then there's  …
It’s nothing to do with “adoring Corbyn”. You’re spreading lies, smears and misinformation. Nobody is asking you to like him. You can like who & what you want. But you don’t have to be a nasty piece of work; that’s a choice.
High atop Lucas Oil Stadium for the @IHSAA1 State Finals. @NPHSDragons vs. Valparaiso. Join me, @mljax and @JarettLewis14 on  
These “A Compton Story” Movie Tees are  … (Limited to supply 
He’s a 
#SASInstitute2019 is less than weeks away! Will we see you there? Register now before it's too late  
Well done Ella, she’s a future Olympic champion ! Who knew Ryan was so good at sports? #LateLateToyShow
This is what im saying, those 0.5 credit hour subject or university required subject should all be a lesson in class, don't do take home assignment/test, finish the work in class  …
Filling in for @SpecNewsATX tonight, hope you’re tuning in with a plate of Thanksgiving leftovers 
yeah I’m the view 
That was the amazing She Can colouring book from @The42_ie you just saw on #toyshow. Available here  … and from The 42 shop and loads of other places 
Congrats to the Edmundston Blizzard. They sure know how to put a game on. Another jam packed house 
RT if you are eating leftovers
I just love this song “Ocean” by @ladyantebellum Thanks for listening #Avapaigemusic #avasarmy #avastrong #countrymusic #singersongwriter #ocean #cover @HillaryScottLA #beautiful #teenartist full Verison  
Nigga we in darkness. This ain’t the time  …
Babies 
horns up, that’s a 
baby yoda is genuinely the only thing that keeps me going at this 
Who needs a nose 
Keep Kenjon Barner in Atlanta forever  …
Name a more iconic 
I know it’s Boise and all but Harsin is the Coach of the Year in the Mountain West. Went 11-1 with 3 QBs and an o-line that took a while to figure it out
Ghost in the shell my fav mixtape  …
... did you check with Harper for his explanation why he sold off Canadian nuclear technology and assets for a pittance? Just another Con Avro Arrow blunder I  …
Soft 
Our goal for Spotify Global now is Top 100, use our playlist to stream the whole album!  … #EXOLHypedByEXO
bette davis singing in what ever happened to baby jane? 
Ladies and Gentlemen, my name is #PaulHeyman, and I am the #Advocate for the reigning defending undisputed @WWE Heavyweight Champion of the World @BrockLesnar! #SurvivorSeries #Chicago #L4L #Looking4Larry #RAW #Smackdown @USA_Network @WWENetwork 
#CarTaxFiasco? @ajcdeane nails a perfect reason to seek less government, not more. 
Winners win regardless  – at AT&T Stadium
I'm 47 and I once spent 15 minutes looking for my phone. I found it in my hand. Idiocy is not limited to teens.
Why not 
Come hang out with 1990's Meghan tonight at 6 pm PT on @TheDaTNetwork!!  #kidsonbikes #rpg 
#SEONGHWA : i may be the oldest but i am babie 
One? Yikes. Torn between Selena, Biggie, or Aaliyah. (Of course Cooke, Redding, Hendrix, Holly, Terrell all came to mind too but if I had to winnow it to 3 it'd be those)
Molefarm:”The Sportsmanship Award means nothing.” Also Molefarm: *talking about the award for the last 3 days
We joined @Fridays4future Madrid & @SustainUS at the climate strike today. We are going to motivate and learn a lot from each other this week at #COP25 & #COY15. An international youth movement without divisions is 
katie taylor saying "you are the future" to ella i am going to EXPLODE #latelatetoyshow
Tonight’s The Campaign @SkyNews turned into a show on the London Bridge attacks. Happy pic, but serious discussion. General consensus on crassness of Boris Johnson’s immediate electioneering on police numbers. @ayeshahazarika @Ommasalma 
thank you all for the support on @BurrowNetwork 
Should @Littleloserp stop being  pussy and send Me ALL his #chastity keys?
I want my significant other to be smart. It does matter which level they stop  …
Harsin gave Jaylon Henderson a chance to win and he delivered. He's been money. Looking forward to seeing him start the MW Championship Game.
Some people (me) had to run on a stupid treadmill today. Some people (Blue Dog) got to cut through some fresh pow and chase sticks. We both got to eat pumpkin pie though, so really we’re both 
WATCH: Trey Knox post-game:  
Maine's IG post speaks in volume!!! Edited ears to HEAR NO EVIL! Blind like eyes to SEE NO EVIL! Gets na gets namin #MaineMendoza !!!! #ALDUBFightsSilently 
I cannot believe how quickly our democracy has been dismantled
Idgaf how sick my BD makes me or how bad I wanna run him over. I CANT KEEP OUR KIDS AWAY FROM HIM He can piss me off at 7:52, but if he calls at 7:53 to speak to his kids, ima pass them the phone & act like everything sweet then tell him how he GMFU in private. I don’t agree with
 … To ALL #Canadians who didn't vote against @JustinTrudeau, and gave up on Canada.
Thank you for clearing that up I was still confused
Martin Jones is our #SharkoftheDay! Follow along as we give you full coverage of the Sharks goalie! Article:  You can stream all your Sharks content here:  ( 
She gets upset about abortions now. Never cared before. And my dad thinks weed makes you insane or otherwise destroys your life, despite never having smoked it, knowing no one who smokes it, having no statistics to back up his views, and not knowing what marijuana even is.
It’s 30th of November and my guy got the balloons all over his profile. Happy birthday @orlaryeenkarhh. More wins bro 
since I never post on 
TIME TO MAKE SOME PROFITS BOYS, LETS  …
Can you imagine how a generation who can barely cope with Twitter or Instagram being down for 10 minutes would cope with an actual war with Iran?
crackheads at the gas station talk to me more than my friends do
please let kun open his instagram account; the world deserves to experience his 
This scene 
happy birthday, thank u, next (music video) i can't believe time flies so fast. my favorite clip of all, every time i watch it and i want to kiss everyone who participated in it thank u, @ArianaGrande 
here’s a time chart for mma if anyone is wondering when it starts! I believe red carpet starts an hour before the time shown. 
Kid Rock, ladies and gentlemen. Kid  …
MY HEART IS GOING TO EXPLODEDFJS  …
We need to be all over this with prayer and support for this priest and his Bishop! Pray also for the judge. This issue is not going away. In fact it will continue to show itself in every walk of life. We need to be ready, body, mind and soul, 
Pot o 
These are 4 of my favs but y’all missing out on Four Christmases it’s hilarious  …
OK SO we got one idol for sure jamming when ateez performs at 
Today's list of 2019 Twitter family! Always  @HealthData4All @pfanderson @RasuShrestha @GraceCordovano @Colin_Hung @glfceo @HealthEugene @2healthguru @dlschermd @DrIanWeissman @drnic1 @EMRAnswers @jamcbride #hcldr #pinksocks #HappyThanksgivingWeek  
So who's putting Christmas Lights on the Border Wall?
YES OH SEHUN  …
Like @BorisJohnson's ice sculpture at the #ClimateDebate, the Tories are happy to watch your future melt away. Their hard Brexit would mean less influence and less money to tackle the #climateemergency. @LibDems would invest £100bn to build a #brighterfuture for our planet.
Imagine having a nice evening drawing and having to stop to address yet another tracing situation... a _ a It always baffles me...like gee maybe if you put as much energy into actually drawing your own stuff instead of sneaking around trying to trace, you'd be better.
You fuck with it? 
Everybody’s favorite little 
He was the office nerd, and spent his lunch hour at his desk. A few clicks of the mouse, and half his paycheck was gone. Some called him crazy, but when random flowers showed up at the old age homes around town, his cloak became visible beneath his starched collar. #Satsplat
Man dubstep was just such a wild lawless scene 10 years  to now. Im being old and nostalgic, allow it
In the past, when there was controversy in the  two people would step in and set the record straight. Those people are @TommyG & @Jeff_Mans What will they say about it on tonight’s @EliteFantasyHQ #NFL Livestream? Tune in NOW!! 
I love LA because I just saw someone in Costco sweat pants get food delivered from someone driving an Audi
I have to give @Mikesang19 the credit for this. He is the man with the plan. He has dedicated his entire life to this campaign. He retired earlier than he planned to, just so he can Yang all day, every day. Hoping the idea spreads like wildfire #JamaciansForYang
Sighted people: lights are an access need. Literally everybody who can't stand for hours on end: seats are an access need. Everyone who can't walk across the country to attend stuff: vehicles are an access need. These aren't "special", so why are disabled people's  …
At Cy Creek High for the big send off for @CYCREEKFBALL17 . Representing for CFISD, the boys are heading to @nrgpark to do battle with @strake_jesuit . This is personal, payback from 2017. Aaaah 

Remember when you abstained from voting for the US to recognize the Armenian  …
u still gotta flirt wit her, even if she ur girl.
Tamaki is a magical creature #炎炎ノ消防隊 
Thank you @LincolnRiley for taking time the night before #Bedlam to visit children and teenagers in the hospital. We will be cheering loud for an @OU_Football 
My favorite part of the show was the 11-year-old girl absoloutely spinning Ryan Tubridys jaw with a clean right #LateLateToyShow
LIVE on @YouNow  …
Puttin this back on ya  …
This one felt good. How tonight's win went down:  
my teacher was telling me to sit down and stop trying to look good smh... 
But can we get a Black Friday on these gas prices ?? @California
This game will have you breaking nails left and  …
me pretending to be a fish in the erodian sea so harry catches me 
This is AMAZING! Ella coloured Katie in @The42_ie’s She Can! and now she’s ripping into her pads and getting to train with her proper! And she totally believes she’ll be Olympic champion because WHY NOT? #cantseecantbe
Are you suggesting to overrule the court order ? Do you consider yourself to be wiser than the hon court ? Metro is a big project @AshwiniBhide is doing an extraordinary job 24/7 . You are being selfish wanting to please film fraternity to protect your business interests .
This overprivileged elevated pillock fails to recognise that despite whether people can spell it or not they know what Pinocchio means. And his son is Pinocchio. A liar. Liar in chief. And dad is an excuse for a liar. Coming from lworking-class stock my family would be  …
Spartans win 9-5 vs.Colonia! Olenski with the hatty! Tony Mac with the win @Oceanathletics @ShoreAthletics @MonRegHS @ShoreConfHockey Olenski 3G 1A Gorelov 2G1A Haar 3A Mumm 3A Brennan 1g Bennett, L 1g Simon 1g Hagerman 1g Sirianni 1A
A 5’ narwhal tusk. Could this get anymore British lmfao
Nahhhh this is a fuckin joke  …
There is so much virtue signalling on this website at the moment. It’s horrendous. Solidarity with my trans sisters with dicks, brothers with tits and siblings. Even though “siblings” was  by “sisters” and “brothers”. 
they give right to hets. no other hets  close. if it was a helicopter no one else wld even reach their propellers. they are The  …
Let’s get Brad a few more  …
Cairokee nighttt 
baekhyun genuinely happy performing love me right is one of the most precious things 
Why is the earth round? Because that’s what we’ve been taught??? #itsFlat #thebullshit they lie to keep us blind to truth #breaktheMatrix  … 
Can’t wait for Christmas, the day we gather and spend time with our loved ones, to celebrate the life and birth of Baby Yoda
WHO WOULD WIN THO  …
Here is an update of our Trial UI. We hope to feature a sneak peak of the new trial grounds in a future update video. Right now, the blurred bg is our old one. UI by @MorKresnik UI assistant by Hawkulous Sprite sketch by @yaxicat Sprite by 
Footballers often cop a bit of flack for their off-season ventures but these @Richmond_FC Tigers players are using their downtime to try and save a species 
I had a photo shoot with bowser today and wow I’m 
“Ian sees a new side of Mickey”.... He’s so excited to get married.
I wonder how Future doing rn
Have a look at the video of Morrison trying to be a funny man in Question Time The appointed Noddy Dolls aren't nodding Deputy PM can be excused for not nodding because as usual he can't work out what's going on Yet another job Morrison is stuffing  …
I love me some drunk 
That shit was  …
Finish everything with a violent purpose. @MikeEvans13_ x @God_Son80 x @obj x @Thekidstan 
CUJO THE VERY GOOD BOY #NiceUpStephenKing
This is a great thread to find and blocks t*lsi supporters
Center Hill Basketball: Boys Center Hill 66 Webb School 67 Decorian Payton 20pts, 11reb, 3blocks, Kaeden Laws 18pts, 5reb, Braxton Morris 14pts, Zandon Haralson 9pts. (6-2) #GGG #championshipmentality #teamDCS @TweetDCS_CHHS @DCSeNews @dcsaa_sports @johnvarlas @bshields0244
it absolutely owns that the london attacker got taken down with a narwhal tusk and also really drives home how utterly stupid the "well what about knife crime" argument from U.S. gun enthusiasts is. much more difficult to take down a gunman with a narwhal  …
don’t care didn’t ask plus can I get a mcchicken light mayo and a mcdouble
I am melting over this simple clip of him driving 
Let’s Go 
I just made my brother look like he’s from a video 
The primary sponsor of this legislation is a woman. Let that sink in. 
Iranians and Iraqis protesters were mostly shot in head. Same method, so much similarities.
Another absolute corker from @TrevorMahlmann's photographic coverage of the #VA250 #Ariane5 launch with @johnkrausphotos  …
When a woman really fucks with you you’ll be surprised how nasty and kinky she is
Hope you all had a very Happy Thanksgiving. We managed to get one pic and of course it was after we had eaten and drank everything in the house. 
See what our girl @jaichanellie has to say about ‘Thank Me Later’ available now on sale all day today this Black Friday on  
FINAL: Louisville 71, WKU 54. Cards move to 7-0 and will possibly inherit the No. 1 spot in Monday's AP Poll. Jordan Nwora led Louisville with 25 points, followed by Dwayne Sutton with 15.
I got really hooked on Clues lately... all of a sudden I hit 100 hards! Close to my first Globetrotter piece (no dye yet... sadly! But I did get 5 forts in one clue 
DUKE IS SAFE #Memphis #A319594 Thank you to everyone who shared & pledged for  …
Tomorrow Championship Saturday. Division II Franklin Panthers vs Canoga Park Hunters at El Camino College 2:30 pm. #FranklinPanthersFootball 
I’m 1 mental breakdown away from shutting my phone off and running away for a week
Shopping on Black 
Doe, a deer, a female deer. Ray, a drop if golden sun......
Back at it a few hours 
i did 
LADY EAGLES TAKE IT! is all she needed. Hailes hits ! #SMTTT 
Basking in the glow of being spoiled by  They leave 
I WANT  …
This is so beautiful the way he let process and then just held  …
 this time for @AgrithZaylum of his dorky irl cat! Thank you again!! 
I had some free time so I made this abomination. 
they gone fck u over til all yo love gone, then look at u like u changed on em
It’s a cheeseburger, double I reckon.
i WILL eat kun and ten in 2020 thank  …
Yahuah is making it difficult for everybody to continue dwelling in Babylon.. bc it's time
i’m going to be okay.
“We feel that while livestock production has a range of economic, social and environmental costs and benefits, the costs have perhaps been receiving far more attention recently than some of the benefits,” said Professor Geoff 
Those who have no vision for a better America simply are clueless about loyalty to a President who shares our dreams and promotes our values! I worship God alone! I also thank him for His gift of President Trump to American Patriots!
yeah sex is great but 
stop caring. Don’t stop using your voice to do what is right.
Oh this just killed 
Postgame Central: Bryce Perkins accounted for 475 of #UVa’s 492 yards, Brian Delaney banged home a go-ahead 48 yarder, Noah Taylor picked off two passes, and the Hoos finally broke the streak to win the Coastal. The story, the highlights, and the presser:  
morning skinny was NOWHERE to be found
THE TACO STAND #NiceUpStephenKing
Julia Holbanel earns more than the Taoiseach I have no choice but to 
Uh 
BC's place at the cabinet table is one thing, but BC's role in all national parties is important too. CPC's most prominent MP from BC rejects a critic post. Kind of like the senior minister turning down a cabinet post. Usually not a good  …
I've pretty much forgotten about him and hardly talk about him now however, sometimes I do wonder how much Tierney would've thrived in this current Celtic side. The way we play under Neil Lennon is a full back's dream. So much space to run into for spamming crosses and cutbacks
Civilians in #Idlib mostly families forced to flee multiples time to escape slaughter now facing massive escalation in bombing directly targeting them by #Russia and the #Syria/n regime - #EU #US must stop what #UN says could be worst Syrian  …
Dunking on other people’s harmless fun online won’t make you happier and the friends you gain from being cruel won’t be around when you need them most.
i would do anything to have a family like this  …
I’m glad I never followed this Prince Kaybee wa teng!! I mean how do you make fun of someone else’s struggle like that!? Disgusting excuse of a human being 
Thanks to Mark Watts & Anna Brees for getting the truth out to the UK public, who gave been lied to once again by the establishment controlled mainstream media organisations.
Honestly, Conan is one of the most handsome four legged warrior. If I get another dog a boy will be Conan, a girl definitely Connie. Thanks for posting different shots of that gorgeous Hero Dog. Please send a sweet kiss from my beautiful bulldog Sandy to Conan, the US 
Democrats have gone nuts & they are destroying the  …
Trust what you feel , not what you hear...
Mustangs explode in the 4th quarter to beat CSUN, 68-58, in the 1st round of the Pacific Thanksgiving Classic. Amber Bacon drops 16, Tollie records double-double (13 pts, 14 rebs). 
HUGE: Strzok-Page Texts Were Not Unearthed by Sharp FBI Investigative Work - Strzok's Angry and Scorned Wife Turned Him In After Finding Texts on His Phone! REVENGE OF A BETRAYAL BY WIFE  … via @gatewaypundit
where are the armys pulling an all-nighter tonight?
I been feeling off lately
Supreme Court sides with woman unlawfully handcuffed by Laval police, raises standards for police  …
 go support her in a 24 hour stream for charity
Its that time of the week again. Betty's got business that needs attending  …
We 
I love being with my family lol I never pay for anything
Catch me in Kevin pit cheering on my 
Science fiction research institute opens in China, as business  …
Lmao bro Dr Stone girls do be lookin like 
Jaxson Hayes is listed at 220. Steven Adams is listed at 265. Alvin Gentry's advice to his rookie center? "To use his quickness. We talked a lot about that. I don’t think you want to get in mano a mano against Steven Adams.”
PHONE CASES, NECKLACES, TEMPORARY TATTOOS, STICKERS, POSTERS, SWEATPANTS

Female Artists (Solo Debut Pre-2000) with Most Songs over 250M Spotify Streams: Shakira — 7 Whitney Houston — 2 P!nk — 2 Britney Spears — 1 Jennifer Lopez — 1 Mariah Carey — 1 Christina Aguilera — 1 Cyndi Lauper — 
This team battled all year and achieved things no one thought possible! Extremely proud of this group of young men! Congratulations to an outstanding @carthagedawgs team and good luck the rest of the way. #PiratesForever
On this day in 1781 the slave ship Zong began throwing 133 of its human cargo overboard, in order to claim the insurance. The artist JMW Turner drew attention to this national disgrace in a painting now on display in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. #OTD #BlackHistory 
Tower Hamlets is taking on climate change 
I grew up with @KarateKidMovie and I'm thrilled that I got to work with @LaLaLandRecords on this new release of the  …
You slashed my tires, keyed my car, spray painted graffiti on my house and smashed my windows. Are you mad at me?
also, if you don’t know what’s going on in Brazil and in other Latin American countries, be a decent human and DO YOUR RESEARCH. in trustable sources. we need to talk about politics.
what? Blackwall likes Josie??? and he sends her lilies... like Hawke's mother got..... Oh NO! umm.... should I be scared for my advisor? #DAI 
POV: you keep seeing mutuals enjoy and hail knives out as one of the best films of the year while you continue to have to wait to see 
In Nigeria all you need to do is die or make some stupid money for people to rewrite your dark history.
Getting my fluff back. But the strength  back in full force 
S/O my guy @Slickhawk12 we had Twin Peaks poppin today live from 
i love izumi, she's is so pretty, and funny and cute and funny and I love 
The @sikhelders event was a great success and thank you to @KSA_Leeds @SikhAYorkshire for your support today. @ripaljeet great catching up over dinner too. Will share more about the Sikh Elders workshop on Social Isolation and Loneliness in the Sikh Community event very 

END 3Q | The Bears keep the lead at 8 but Indiana won't go away just yet. BIG 4th quarter ahead! 54-46 Baylor #ParadiseJam
mixed/mastered the whole thing myself ... damn. first gold album i’ve been a part of, thanks to everyone who was a part of it & everyone who’s listening  …
Watching @AikenHoops ' 6'2" @felton_j1 hoop for the first time and like what I  guard that plays with a burst and high motor..he also has a nice skillset @CarolinaTipOff
If I got this hoodie I could wear Kpop shit and not get clowned at school I NEED IT 
I’m seeing a lot of questionable tweets now that catinyy is back with a note app apology and I just want to address 1 thing... If you are a non mexican/hispanic person, you literally do NOT have a say in wether we mexican/hispanic poc should accept her half assed apology.
Here’s what’s great about high school 
I genuinely cannot stand people who think being fucking rude to everyone around them for absolutely no reason is being “real” & “straight up” like no ur just an ass
@Elliott_AD teasing out the relationship between exercise and AF at ACRA SA/NT education seminar...exercise is a crucial part of getting better  in AF but lots to learn in this space @ACRA_ACRA @J_Hendriks1 @NatSimpson3 @c_verdicchio @PrashSanders 
call me a tv show because i’m getting  …
MFs really be white
Latrell honestly mate you need to get new management. Who ever is handling your affairs are taking the  …
This is the most Sundayish Friday ever.
Will he talk about the state of public exchequer during UPA? Or may be about the state of terror attacks under his government? Worst ever prime minister of  …
N.Flying and Bts will attend MMA Seunghyub and Jin will meet again #Seunghyub #Jin #BTS #NFlying #MMA2019 
Throw back to that time someone called Uncaged heavy on neomarxism so we decided to make something even heavier on the neomarxism. I still don't know what neomarxist marinade is, but you can check out #EatTheRichAnthology over here:   …
Turkish president & war criminal Tayyip Erdogan who supported ISIS against the Kurds (who defeated ISIS) is also going to Cambridge next week to open a mosque at invitation of Yusuf Islam, formerly known as UK singer, Cat Stevens. Funny coincidence. #RiseUp4Rojava  …
don't do this to 
I assure you that I know many things better than POTUS, not the least of which is how to be a honest and decent human.
IN FIVE YEARS KEITHS OUTGOING MAIL HAS NEVER BEEN OPENED!!! until now when he sends home a letter detailing how @BaltimoreSAO @marilynmosbyesq. Are trying to set him up to be harmed or attempting to place another informant around him!! THIS IS 
The highest of Trump's crimes is imprisoning the children. They are charging tax payers over $700 a day per child incarcerated. Thats almost enough to rent a small house for a month and they are charging that per kid, per day and dont even want to give them basic hygiene products
Drivers in Toronto are twice as likely to leave the scene of a pedestrian fatality as they were three years ago. And they’re three to five times more likely than early this decade. #walkTO
You know this moment remember me to this ! Same feelings and same whiteish room and she prying on his collection. #PrideandPrejudice #kyloandrey #reyandkylo #TheRiseOfSkywalker  
Tasha k. A few people told me about this story when I was researching I saw her video. You should watch it
I’d rather have my balls eaten by rats than even think  near you.
Holy mother of god Sabrina has gotten HUGE while I was gone. Might need to do less frequent feedings with her 
How can you not *LOVE* this? HAIL to Coach Howard: a TRUE BLUE MICHIGAN MAN.  …
The old timers sang songs about a pup they called ‘Bone Thief.’ SweetDog is now a victim of a 
No one lie told here! Simply a animal on that end of the floor! Oh and guess he’s not so bad on the other end too! Ha!  …
Flex ko lang amon gwapa2 na vid editor your hublag family is so proud of you we love youu @lifeofhoward_ HDC vid:  
deleting pictures when your damn storage is full is so hard to do
Part of the problem is that ICANN was created after the root server operators and the WHOIS database existed but calling yourself the global coordinator of names and  with expectations that you will be transparent, involve  and respect their decisions.
Final from Fort Collins! Championship Week on deck 
On to the final! #muvb sweeps Villanova, 25-22, 25-18, 25-19, in the #BIGEASTvb Championship semifinals! The Golden Eagles play in the finals for the third straight year! RECAP |  
Can’t tell you enough how proud I am of these girls! Went 4-1 & battled through injuries only to lose by 4 in the championship game of the Highland tourney! Super  playing some of the toughest teams in the state! Back 2 work this week w/3 games! #Ohana 
The Irishman, long winded, didn't like Pacino as Hoffa, think they missed his character and how much of a thug he was. But Joe Pesci is a stand out. If this is his last part, it's Oscar worthy! Although I don't think the film is!
Mark Stone rocking the George Washington hair. #vegasborn #HockeyHair 
Always an honor to join the best in the business @GillianHTurner and @juliebanderas to cover breaking news @FoxNews @OutnumberedFNC  …
i may be hot, but i have feelings too
I would stand in his shoes for a moment before you say that. Could you tell if that’s real or not? Would you take the chance it’s not? But you will never be in that position. An armchair critic, and we all know it’s not the Critic who counts but the man in the 
Rumbled as long as @CharlieFlanagan doesn’t give out to me about no helmet again, it’ll be  …
More troop  …
HALF | Physical fist half in the books, scoreless through 45 in Columbia #CougsVsEverybody | 
When will we ever fucking learn? Yet more innocent people dead because the government & justice system are as soft as shit on people who want to kill us all. Deport or permanently imprison any of these 30 thousand pieces of shit that are on the watch list for a  …
"I love it. I'm just hungry for it," -- Keith Duncan on hitting the game-winning field goal to give Iowa the 27-24 win over 
why are they playing knife party bonfire in a pub
so happy with how this one turned out #Kaneki 
A little preview of a Red River Rivalry  #HookEm #Txhsfbplayoffs @Horns247 
Some Jazmine Mayweather and Jeff. Saw @JosiahBrooks ‘s video today and she was just lookin mighty fine. Love ya 
DOCTOR GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP #NiceUpStephenKing
I am smug to say I avoided the consumerism of Black Friday Through sheer laziness.
Before I got so deep into the #dietculture beat, I reported a lot on MLMs. They are basically the same scam; unrealistic promises, cult-like rules and pressure, and all the guilt trips when you  …
I live in the North East. In am a centrist voter. Voted both Labour and Tory in the past. I am very much now a Lib Dem voter and hard remainer. Made my mind up tonight to vote tactically Labour as my constituency is a key battle ground for the Tories. I cannot let them win here.
Jimin said I got a 
KIKI, DO YOU LOVE 3 Kiki Pickett tallies the third this half for Stanford! #NCAASoccer | 
“Alberta CEOs in agriculture, energy, finance and transportation sectors agree Alberta’s image now is that of a province with a struggling economy, a declining and outdated industry, a lack of innovation and a fascination with separation."
Clappin hella keyshia cole like somebody auntie
I really don’t have to know you to feel your pain
I done touched so much money and did all the wrong shit with it
AF1s > Designer shoes
Captain Underpants against Buffalo: No goals, no assists, minus-3. Good luck with that, Young Sheldon.
Lubbock-Cooper leaving no doubt...
A wanderer 
THE BED ZONE #NiceUpStephenKing
I'm patiently waiting for God to issue a recall order on this fool! Soros-Funded Group: ‘We Need to Abolish ICE’ to Protect Accused Visa Fraudsters  via @BreitbartNews
In another recent interview, Ozuna calls Cardi his sister and talks about the first time they met. 
A minute ago my phone rang. It said "spam risk" so I answered it because...I like Spam. #Imaginemydisappointment.
james mcavoy, michael sheen & david tennant in bright young things. 
How hard is it to just listen to someone? Ugh. Featuring Luke 
11-1 baby! First time since 2011. First time ever 8-0 in Mountain Division play. Ceiling raised.
next time i see snc should i tell them i was the one that said sam looks like he claps when the plane lands or
Enjoyed doing Game day with the one and only @KTVBSportsGuy this AM. Knew this would be Colorado’s St bowl game. But, Winning never gets old. #GoBroncos
PELOSI FANS: She's a brilliant, genius, powerful, long-game-playing, 7-D chessmaster. PROGRESSIVES: She's done nothing meaningful to hold Trump and his  accountable. PELOSI FANS: What power does she have to stop Trump??
Tell me one thing you will do if you wake up as the opposite sex tomorrow
Are Christians still pretending that David and Jonathan weren't fucking?
2020 is my year to find a boyfriend, girlfriend or theyfriend. I’m envious of all the love in the air!! And I’m so ready to be able to share all of me, the real me with someone
due to personal reasons I will bee
When people Twittercide, I imagine them finding happiness and spending time with loved ones and... ... oh you're back.
U gotta blend or it won’t look naturalllllll then put a matte powder
If we still ranking Kanye's discography in 2020 I might gouge my eyes out
Awesome to watch @kelsey01winfrey @DULadyPanthers vs Central Missouri #superproud 
“You too cute to be gay” 
My kids got wheelchair-using Barbies, and so are having the Barbies do a sit-in like the 504 sit-ins.
Lols but Leighton Meester 
Twitter seems torn as to which is the most messed up state but Ohio and Florida are both strong  …
I’ll never forget when triple kim was in jeju and jinhwan’s mom cooked for the boys jinhwan said “we even shower together” in front of his mom and his mom smiled and replied “important is your happiness together”
Ocasio-Cortez knocks Buttigieg, says he has adopted a "GOP talking point"on education  
Yall like birds bro....  around when im getting bread smh
Little of Sudan's wealth extends beyond Khartoum. That is not a recipe for 
Blessed to be able  support my teammates 
You hold up a sign that says "MEET ME LATER COWARD" as you witness BTS hip thrusting from your spot close to the left side of the stage. The concert ends, a security guy approaches you telling you to stay there and so you do. + #btsnsfw #bts #NAMJOON 
i want to give him a kiss  …
NYC may see snow, wintery mix as storm sweeps across country on the year’s busiest travel weekend A whopping 3.1 million passengers are expected to fly on U.S. 
Just another "snapshot" from Sweden: Here a "cultural enricher" with a knife attacks elderly Swedish 
why would  a baby pig to 
It's like Franks red hot.. They put that shit on  …
Right watch this I’M SORRY TOMORROW FIRST 
Crass and cheap.
Try to avoid soapboxing, but Mayor Pete’s supposed reasoning for opposing free college is so transparently stupid you should be insulted he thinks you’ll fall for it. Of course it should be free for the rich kid because their parents paid for him and 99 others already. /soapbox
#EXOLHypedByEXO Same! #MAMAVOTE #EXOonearewe #EXODEUX #weareoneEXO #OBSESSION #EXO @weareoneEXO  …
You ever crush on somebody for a long ass time???
The Simpsons was renewed for its 31st and 32nd seasons. This will not be the show's last year.
why NBA ratings are  …
Ey @evans_tiro you made it 
when I have to leave the countryside to live/study/work in urban 
bitch y’all broke up forever ago pls shut UP
Harvested mistletoe on the farm today! Tool of choice? 12 gauge 
I ain't checking shit. You got another woman, she won
#ItWasInMeMusicVideo we hope “It Was In Me” would have the attention it needs and a music video of it! guys share the 
The opportunity sounds worth a  …
Mike Conley signing autographs 
Along with their fast track to being certified Diamond 7 Rings and Thank U, Next are both less than 50M streams away from hitting 1B streams on 
THE TEXT IS FAKE.
her best photoshoot 
The 400 richest Americans now pay a lower tax rate than the working class & corporations like Amazon pay $0 taxes. That’s radical. @EWarren wants corporations and billionaires to pay their fair share so everyone else can succeed. That’s not radical. IT’S HOW WE SAVE AMERICA.
hello new followers, you should know i talk a lot about gay shit like eating pussy and chugging dick. i also like to post about touhou at 3 AM and if you don't know what touhou is that's ok most of my old followers don't either
Agreed. I'm not particularly a corbyn fan myself but as a disabled person the Labour manifesto is the only one that actually seems to give a shit about us! The conservatives could actually cause deaths to disabled people with theirs
If ByteDance launches a YouTube clone tomorrow with full migration tools, no  slow as shit copyright enforcement, monitization for everyone via Wechat wallet- backed by BAT on the backend, what then? Institute your own Chinese firewall to stop creators uploading?
Hi @Almaharel , I’ve seen #honeyboy twice and although I didn’t have the exact dynamic with my father, we were estranged over periods of time and the film allowed me to heal right before my father passed from leukemia 3 days ago. Thank you for seeing us Shia, Alma and crew.
“Shocks”,  …
he gives the best hugs I just know it @GOT7Official 
NEW!!! Ice & The Face #207 -11.29.19 - Thanksgiving Leftovers Special - With Guest: Stonz - OUT NOW! #PodernFamily #Podcast #Podcasts #Podcasting #Comedy #DarkHumor #Dystopian #Funny #Jokes #iTunes #GooglePlay #Spotify #iHeartRadio #Free  …
I just made my first ever Book Outlet purchase because of Black Friday and I got 11 books for under $40 this is what success is
Extremists of any kind are  …
. @HayleyKiyoko has been nominated for “Most Empowering Breakout Artist of the Year” and “Most Empowering Song of the Year” with “What I Need” feat. @Kehlani for Girls’ Choice! Be sure to vote for our girls here:  
Who has a weak spot for @EvelinStone69? #RT #retweet @EvelinStone69 P: @BraxtonPhoto Lock in your session today:  …  Shoots and/or Publications -Playboy International 
ALL MERCH iS 20% OFF FOR A WHOLE ASS WEEK BEST TIME TO GET THE SICK MERCH IS NOW NOW NOW  …
Dads be like “nice you are back in town. We were thinking about painting the hallway also my WhatsApp isn’t working also I started pulling out the weeds from the backyard but haven’t finished do you think you can help”
Let the season begin! Honorary Make-A-Wish child Cameron flicks the switch and lights up the 35th annual @VanDusenGdn Festival of Lights! #vandusenFOL @MakeAWishBCYK 
weird i remember the dems during the 2004 election proposing that bush was a moron while also being responsible for  …
I just want to congratulate the Iraqi people on the resignation of the head of the government after weeks of protesting, 500+ martyrs, 17k+ injured.  through the people and belongs to the people
(In all seriousness, I'm glad they didn't get in trouble, the video was cute.)
*with our  …
One way flight to Asia booked for Jan
ya pas uber eats
