Joined @MSNBC to discuss tomorrow’s vote on a resolution that lays out the process for open hearings in the impeachment inquiry. Every day, the evidence mounts, & when we begin these open hearings, the American people will have the opportunity to hear the facts for 
This b*tch should be in jail, not spewing her disgusting lies in these hearings . Hope her role in hiring the Awan bros is made public REAL  …
“Catholicism is a smart religion. It’s a beautiful religion. We need an army of evangelizers  this to the world.” @BishopBarron
having a bad day but LOOK at these perfect 
Split it open and put some mustard on it,  …
Thank you @CAL_FIRE This bad boy is doing some work on the #EasyFire @ABC7 @TOAcornNews 
Everybody just be lying
The numbers prove that the #Longhorns have ran the ball with plenty of success thus far, but the issue is the ground game isn’t being utilized  …
random post cause i just liked my 
7. The LibDems, were they actually to get into power, would trigger civil unrest of a kind not seen in this country for decades. Those who "won" the referendum would be angry beyond reason. We can only "win" by bringing ALL people together, & giving them the opportunity to decide
Selena Gomez seen at JFK Airport in New York, NY 
"The Conservatives are adopting the Brexit Party's ground. Voters are looking at the Conservative Party in its new incarnation & thinking we don't like what we see" - @SamGyimah LibDems are the strongest party of Remain. Exit from this Brexit mess now  
But they’re following rules your party put in place. 
The vote was 70 to  …
This is the biggest thing "racebending" whiners don't understand. Going from white to minority IMPROVES diversity and equality, which is the GOAL. Going from minority to white DAMAGES diversity and equality, which is NOT the goal. It's not forcing, it's righting a  …
GAME 7 
i can't wait for terry to be top tier and to get called a tier whore for playing him
. @MariahCarey's holiday classic "All I Want for Christmas Is You" has re-entered at the top 200 of iTunes USA.  
When they write the history books on this Administration they'll admit it wasn't the 'Deep State' with ppl like Comey, Yovanovitch, Vindman, & Taylor that was a problem. The problem was the Trump Crime Syndicate with ppl like Jared, Rudy, McConnell, and Manafort.
Belated thanks! I really appreciate having colleagues like @CSWilsonFTC with whom I can both disagree and agree thoughtfully and passionately. Direct and constructive engagement is helpful to me personally as well as to the work of the  …
All checked in at #WorldFantasy and OH HEY @AlixEHarrow LOOK AT WHAT WAS IN MY BOOK 
Who’s watching #AEWDyamite OR #NXTonUSA?? Let me know by liking and RTing! Comment below what you’re most excited for!
I’m so mfn nice man and I get treated wrong asf
facebook gon see this next week and go  …
can i get a W in the 
You misspelled ’legendary’.
I am at The Cheesecake Factory and starting to enjoy it. Ask me anything.
Check this out!  … - An Updated Look at Diversity in Children's Books #SchoolLibraryJournal
Thank you Lord and to those people who trusted me 
Keep it up Trump will move to another platform guess what happens to Twitter then
What's it like to drive from Santa Barbara, CA to #LA in October? Left SB, went through 60 MPH winds, drove in dark smoke from one fire trying to destroy the #ReaganLibrary, stopped at another at Calabasas, couldn't get on the 405 South because of a 3rd at the #GettyLibrary, etc.
jungwoo dark hair.. JUNGWOO DARK HAIR do u guys understand?? JUNGWOO DARK HAIR
On a date kinda nervous 
The best two words in sports
Jaws breaker #CandyAMovieOrAShow
BREAKING: LA Mayor @EricGarcetti tells @KNX1070 nearly all of the evacuation orders for the #GettyFire are lifted, as of 5 PM.
I really don’t like this dude  …
I wanna go on a long road trip
US ghettos - driven by liberal ideology; forged by unions & bankrupted by self-serving Democrats catering to 
It also means that Facebook will suddenly lose a bunch of seasoned moderators with a year+ of experience, to be replaced with new recruits at a different firm instead. This will surely mean quality of moderation will suffer.
I'm glad Jared cancelled DC. Ofc we are all disappointed, but w/ vultures like the idiot Jim replied to, lying in wait, I have no doubt someone, at some point, was going to say smthg rude to him. Not saying that's def the reason he cancelled, but I wouldn't blame him if it was.
Congratulations to big Joey Ratuvakacereivalu, who will make his Test debut for @Fiji_RL this Saturday against Samoa! #OurJungle
Lions fans need to calm down with this Baker stuff, the dude who baited him is the Browns equivalent of Carlos and lives to stir crap. We hated it when media spun Patricia into some horrible guy because of his reaction to them being condecending after they already smeared him
I’m 
Horror meets heroism in DC Collectibles’ newest Artist Alley line from James Groman! Head here for more info:  
boys are stupiddd...thx  to my ted talk
Don’t forget to vote Tuesday, because local offices impact your life greatly. 
I’d say I’m his biggest fan but... 
Follow and RT @DrDeplorable60 @SusanTrahan12 @Recall25 @challengersma @Enkumal @bull_pamela @MichaelsANewman @HoneypooLover @NamvetSurvivor @thames_tim @NavMan_CanDo @JayDaws3 @thetford57 @4Mischief @BlockTwitSlvts 
“Senate Dems raise concerns about ISIS strategy after closed-door briefing” Just. Shut.  …
Shop @approvedbyziz (Instagram) Rips/Sewn by me 
Here’s a story to brighten your day MTG Twitter Them: thank you Mark. You were great Me: I appreciate that Them: we’re giving you a verbal tip Me: I know Them: so in reality we’re fucking you in the tushy Me: I know Just kidding everything fuckin sucks lmao today was not lit
Nice in-arena tribute to Pistons head coach Dwane Casey but he misses the whole thing because he's drawing up stuff during the timeout.
#TheWorst Hosted by @bigjayoakerson will be at @TheStandNYC as part of  Thursday, November 7th at 10pm!! Lineup features @robertkelly, @funnylynne & @DanSoder!!! TIX:  … 
Thanks for tonight @BrianWoodMC . Totally inspiring. We all owe you a huge amount. @BremontMilitary @Bremont 
Joe Buck is an idiot
Team Trees Team Giving People Helping People ..... Finally, social media being used for good.
I’m pretty sure Max could fight a bear right about 
Joined @x6tence | @x6tence_mx  …
dm me for my dropboxxx 
Imagine canceling your own ship like fully canceling it saying they broke up.. Yup jokers did that last January/ February in japan i don't claim them at . all
and earlier today an pro-LGBT teacher was actually arrested for soliciting sex with am underage student, so I'm sure these sick fucks will even give students a hands-on demonstration
Get ready east coast, a new #Riverdale begins in one minute! #TheCW 
This was a rookie duty because he didn't show up to the Wizards Halloween party the other night lol. Great  …
Step 1: #Climate targets. Step 2: Hold polluters to account. Way to go B.C. for introducing one of North America's strongest climate accountability acts today  #cdnpoli #bcpoli
love die 
Larry Elder NEW VIDEO: The HYPOCRITICAL Attack Against @realDonaldTrump For Comparing The Impeachment Inquiry To A "LYNCHING"  #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #Hypocrisy #DoubleStandards #SelectiveOutrage
Sometimes it’s nice to present without having to travel more than 100 feet! Got to share findings with @ColumbiaMSPH colleagues about how policies impact #cannabis use for #LGBT individuals, including preliminary work from NYC-based #qualitative interviews. @ssm2183 
Pink-haired Luna made her way to @uncanny_attract tonight. 
It’s possible I missed a person or two btw. I had to think fast and thinking too hard hurts my feeble mind
As a result of tornado damage, students and faculty from Cary Middle School were relocated to Franklin Middle School. Stars players stopped by today to help sort donations and visit classrooms of students effected by the recent events. 
Post  with a photo of you trying out this Halloween Alice Cooper Instagram filter! Here is the filter link  
TOMORROW IS THE BIG DAY!!! How do the batfam decorate Wayne manor? art by the terrific @laquilasse !!! #batfamily 
Untitled Goose 
The first time I did this was right before I turned 18. I put the list of goals up on my wall and read them every morning and  ALL of them that year!! This year some of my goals include: paying off debt, modeling for another big campaign, fitness, an  …
This coupe targeted by delwp “forest protection survey programme” as this species “protected” by the Code, they find it. FFRC find many more and protest the site. Then bulldozers destroy everything anyway. @LilyDAmbrosioMP @OCR_Chief what the hell happened here? What will you  …
Hi! I'm Eric and i'm a proud mother of supernatural creepy little girls. Most of them are sassy or just mean. I don't usually have much time to draw personal stuff but here's some sketches and designs! I have more weird sisters but they need some redesigns... 
HELLO THERE ITS GAME 7 TIME #TakeItBack 
| "It also meant that you can bullshit less, y'know what I mean? People see the truth now, y'know what I mean, or more. You also see people unfortunately who have lived this life as another individual publicly and eventually that catches up with you, y'know, and its difficult." 
There is no reason a channel's #PScore shouldn't be a metric in #YoutubeStudio Imagine the knots @SusanWojcicki will tie herself in to try and spin away what me @SubToOptimus @Bowblax and @Nicholas_DeOrio uncovered JUST MAKE IT  …
Next time I'll use my kindergarten 
Bruh just flew into the neighborhood on a helicopter @choc #LegendChoc
Atticus is crazy about Star Wars right now and we’re taking him to Disneyland tomorrow. For weeks I’ve been asking if it’s on sight for Darth Vader and he keeps saying yes. We’ll see if Atticus is bout it bout it tomorrow lol
When Onision is in court, do you think he'll be his own lawyer like Ted Bundy did?
We shouldn't play into narrative CPC loss was all on Scheer The party had NO credible climate action plan Proposed 53 BILLION in cuts parachuted or ran pro forced birthers in over 6 doz ridings pandered to racist bigoted rich white straight males plan 4 privatizing healthcare
Those were simpler  …
James Neal #LetsGoOilers #NHL 
Look who's back  …
Fuck them  …
Isn’t this one of those moments where you’re with your gf and are in front of people, especially /pretty/ girls and you just have to hold your gf cause she might think you like one of them  …
I just saw that @BarackObama spoke out against woke PC culture. Better late than never. If only we knew of a professor who has been warning the world about these idea pathogens for 20+ years.
I'm hooking you up with @Louis_Tomlinson World Tickets before they even go on sale!! Your chance to win at 8:15 - @malloryonthemic  
Just home from a wonderful evening of Purcell. King Arthur from @Paul_McCreesh and @GabrieliCandP had heart, refinement and a liberal sprinkling of EU and GB flags. So beautiful and so happy. Thank 
The guy in the back is the best part of the video 
Happy for Jovic 
It’s been Halloween for 5 days.
Yeah yeah! @codyjohnson just nailed it. Class. Country. Musical as hell. All the good things.
Up 2-0 in 
sideshowtone & flatbacksandnoboobs sliding the streets 
Arizona is known as the Grand Canyon state, it’s a treasure within our country’s landscape and sacred to our  The Canyon is too important for us to allow it to be polluted and industrialized.  
She plays the shit out of a straight woman  …
this weather got me feelin some typa way. all nostalgic for no damn reason
Maybe @netflix will give us an episode on #unnatural selection now? Solving mosquito borne disease problems is more important then trying to make dogs glow green by mixing GFP expressing bacteria with dog sperm - a technique that will NEVER work!
Fuck sex can you stick around and not give up on me while I fix myself ....
arthur was an anarchist merlin was a bernie bro lancelot was a neocon the lady of the lake was woke camelot was a flavor of vape guinevere was a professional gamer the sword in the stone was a twig in a pillow the round table was round—but hollow “sir, this is a wendy’s”
not gonna spam my code, who knows, knows.
Pretty unusual, I'd say, for a coach to get a video tribute in his second trip back to an arena, but they're nice in Canada, if you hadn't heard. Casey just got the treatment during the timeout.
A decent man (Scheer) with a  is disqualified while an imbecile with no morals (Trudeau) is rewarded. This says more about Canadians (read Torontonians) than it does about those two men. Astonishing. Sad.  
On this week's podcast: - @MorganRPark explains his Call of Duty: Modern Warfare review - @usebomswisely wills a perfect Overwatch 2 into existence - @my_beards farts out more scattered Disco Elysium thoughts iTunes:  Spotify:  
VMIN HALLOWEEN AU WHERE TAEHYUNG GOES TO A HALLOWEEN PARTY AS A VAMPIRE WITH YEONTAN IN A BAT SUIT AND JIMIN, A REAL VAMPIRE, COOS AT THE TWO OF THEM AND AT THE SAME TIME POINTS OUT WHATS SO WRONG ABOUT TAEHYUNG'S COSTUME AND TAE JUST GOES ?????? WHO ARE U TO JUDGE MY COSTUME AND
Stopped in to the SB office today and came across @PintosValentine buying some merch and picking up another form to collect signatures. She was a little camera shy at first but excited to share her support for 
Thank you @valentinifrank!! So much  …
“is your costume a canvasser?” 
Every once in awhile at work a patient will tell me she's not in a relationship or planning to be sexually active, but she wants to stay on hormonal birth control or get a LARC so that if she's raped, at least she won't have to worry about getting pregnant. It's said very
Comms tweeps, @ideas_idees is hiring a Manager of Comms & Membership. Lead a small but mighty team that helps orchestrate the amazing event that is #congressh of the #humanities + #socialsciences every year! Deadline: Nov 1.  
Ok @Scratticus_ I just found this on my laptop and your happy face is everything! What you don't see is me almost trip down the stairs and launch the cake on the way out #love 
Something you may not know about Jack Dorsey is that he has v nice parents on here.  …
SOS! Need trailers, volunteers for horses, livestock, animals in #EasyFire. Via Ventura  …
No weakness when I know the people to my sides are the truth  …
Bernie is going to help resurrect West Virginia's history of labor activism. This is what you and other pundits simply don't understand. You look at politics through polls only. We are starting a movement that organizes across class lines, not party lines.
“Send nudes  …
If no one told you they love you today, I love you. If you’re struggling I’m always around to talk. Rest in paradise brother, you will always be in my spirit
STILL. OUR. STATE. (This is a scheduled  …
Now I need to know if all the animals were evacuated safely
code martoz if  ty
I’m just saying that if I was married and we divorced I would not be okay under any circumstances for my best friend/partner to date my ex. I don’t know what weird world some of you live it but it just doesn’t happen. Casey and Brett is a no!!! 
Wow. The State Legislative elections in Virginia could be turning out to be like the 2017 State Legislative elections in Virginia when Dems MASSIVELY overperformed expectations. Keep the momentum going. Let's turn Virginia dark blue. Organize. Vote. Donate.  …
I came home from the grocery store with a box of condoms and my wife asked me “what are you gonna do with those?”
I just want to be loved .... don’t nobody understand me  …
Fight day and night like it's going out of  …
“Is The Rolling Stones bad? I cannot be responsible for people’s lack of education in the great  …
[] 2019 MAMA AWARDS Current stats update (10.31.19) 'Best New Male Artist' #1. @TXT_members - 47.33% #2. X* - 20.07% 'World's Fan Choice' #10. TXT- 2.34% DONT FORGET TO CASTS YOUR VOTE FOR TXT, MOAS! FIGHTING! :  #MAMAVOTE #TXT 
Fun watching @TMAathletics players at the next level. @brooks_cluxton, @kobs18, & @joefrench30 @RollinsMBB vs 
Your purpose supposed to be your main priority in life , romantic relationships shouldn’t affect that ever
whys everyone acting like this fandom is so bad have yall ever been in ANY other fandom]%^{€~%~€~€|€{€~'f
Baby’s first obscure GIF Halloween 
WHAT. A. GAME. - (6' OG) - (19' Torreira) - (26' Martinelli) - (36' Martinelli) - (43' Milner) - (54' Maitland-Niles) - (58' Oxlade-Chamberlain) - (62' Origi) - (70' Wilock) - (90+4' Origi) 
Pumpkin Carving time with 
“As we've seen from that call summary or transcript, there was no quid pro quo.” - @marc_lotter via - 
bts drop hall c and be bffs with nicki minaj 
If you spent part of today Tweeting the name of a person you think is the whistleblower, you probably need to re-evaluate your life.
leonardo da vinci made the mona lisa at a paint night
my favorite thing is when i hear something like “the Muslims are planning to–” on the news as though there’s some international, ummah-wide messaging network and all 1.8 billion of us get a memo about the week’s events
I cannot wait to move out wow
“Fix me a drink cause you a bartender” one of her most underrated drags  …
Good night my friends , here’s an oldie from 1957 :The Heartbeats - A Thousand Miles Away - '57 Doo-Wop on Hull - YouTube.  …
scooter braun is going to jail we  …
LISTEN: Author @chriscolfer on @MrJessCagle Show @SiriusXMStars #ATaleofMagic  via @YouTube
Trolls who make  on here are akin to public flashers. I’m sure they get a rise out of it (har har) but it’s entirely underwhelming and pathetic.
There needs to be another huge reggaetón concert at the Rave where everyone gets ratchet but has the best night of their lives
ND Friend, Shefani stans! please rt this and help jen some get her way to Vegas! We can do  …
Leal once 
The last three days at #devopsdays reminded me about all the smart and nice people  on & offline. Although I need a device to remember people's name, luckily I don't need a device to remember the conversations or how you all made me feel. Thanks.
Just saw this on the @sfchronicle website: 4:53 p.m. 96% of PG&E customer accounts in Marin County restored. Hahahahaha. I'm in the four percent!
Just a thanks for keeping the interest of these polls going. The participation is lower than ever but i expected that as i have been gone for awhile.  back. Thanks if you have Rt'd any polls as that increases participation. Sorry for not posting much of anything else.
Sparkling 

Candy corn has got to be the WORST Halloween candy ever made..
I honestly don't know what to say. I have always believed in them, I loved and supported them, supported them and I was lucky enough to be able to live them as Can and Demet that wonderful day on set. That's why I'm even worse. It will take some time to metabolize everything.
their mic stays what? it stays ON  …
TREAT yourself to 15% off SELECTED items at  for 24 hours only with the discount code PUMPKIN 
Blessed 
mini thread of seb being a cute space nerd ☾⋆♡｡°✩
“N*gga you softer than a homosexual, and I am so  …
'This is not good': China warns Australia to not strain relations over human rights  …
Many of you are living your lives wrong, allow me to fix it for 
James Neal just scored a goal assisted by Mike Smith. You can’t make this stuff up.
Limited time only! Make sure to head over to MTV’s IG story and vote for @BTS_twt for EMA MTV best group!  
You 1 2 Know?  …
BTW, this way the Japanese era system works has an interesting consequence: You can't really give a future date and have it be accurate.
This made me afraid to yawn and I  alone.
capitolrecords via Instagram Stories. (30 de 
“Let’s go get chick fil 
#MSU magic in the night. 
Posters for screenings of Metropolis, Frankenstein, and Faust at the Pacific Film Archive by David Lance Goines, 
throwback to the pumpkin exhibit I visited a couple of weeks ago where I saw pumpkins singing thriller by michael jackson and a mouse cursor was clearly visible on the face 
he's a girl @Khanada_TV
Good reporting. Who ever, must be  …
He's good at this. @KyrieIrving | 
JawsBreakers #CandyAMovieOrAShow
i told christian we need a grill n he said “that’s a father’s day gift n i’m yo daddy”
Yes! I am sure to go to @LeiriaCon next year. My family will be tacking on a holiday in Portugal and Spain. I am so excited!
HHN ready @LunaShibuya did the glitter eyes 
let’s go, go go let’s go, TROJANS! 
Retweet and retweet to save them. 50 dogs per day. Save them.  …
It’s a drone show, says on their website. Air Force always be playin’ games with our minds.
It’s my day off so Caliber and I are over here avoiding the two varmints Copper and Frank. It’s hard to have a peaceful day off with those two. 
A new Captain Britain rises to defend the Kingdom of Avalon! Get the full spoiler 
Can Hillary attack Andrew Yang? Would help us hit 10% in the polls. #JewsForYang  …
And WMI isn't even a BIT about el.
I saw I lot of tweets saying “would you do this for the x reason?”and I am like bitch just tell me that me climbing those stairs would bring woojin back to skz and I will even jump from the top if necessary  …
Keystone pipeline leaks unknown amount of oil in North Dakota  
Grant Williams is the first sub. Obviously the Celtics are a little shorthanded but he has quickly earned Brad Stevens' trust.
Don’t tell me what nobody said bout me tell my y they  telling u
US destroyed Al  so it doesnt  a shrine to the terrorists in Idlib province, tens of thousands of terrorists occupy Idlib which ironically is protected by the West and  …
The people who talk the most shit on this app are the ones not even showing their faces in their dp
i hope the remaining two months of 2019 will heal me
Ready to Roll with my Meals on Wheels costume for Halloweenie can we see some of your costumes, hope you get wots of tweats Happy Halloweenie #ZSHQ #Halloween #dogsincostumes #halloween2019 #halloweencostume #SausageParty #doxie  – at Daily Grind, University of Guelph
The  …
i just realized i haven’t seen anyone eung eung-ing on my timeline in months 
Good luck to both teams tonight. And Nats fans, remember whose optimism made this all possible for you. When you looked down at the dirt on the base path and saw only one set of footprints, it was then that Meth carried you.
palpatine: dark!rey is down that pit 
. @RepMattGaetz and @Jim_Jordan on @seanhannity’s Radio show. @mattgaetz says @RepAdamSchiff it’s about to prepare a report that no one can depend on. 
Hello! I'm Sachi I like to create cute girls....and sometimes boys. uwu insta@artofsachi 
Watch yall cry that dan looks pretty tomorrow and forget your mad at him
Live in 15 mins. With a costume and a guest later in the night
Wife: Babe we doing anything Sunday afternoon besides watching the Browns? Me: Yup...flying to Denver and watching them live!! Let’s go  …
i just found the video edit of adele dancing to hips don’t lie by shakira, i did have plenty of free time when making these
Nobody doing it like me #theresurrection
I’m from Pennsylvania. When it was announced that Trump had won our state I said votes were changed. There’s no way he really won PA. It  out that votes were changed.
I can’t wait! My favorite time of the year!  …
Although I can’t vote because I’m in , your friends to the North and the rest of the world will support you  …
I agree with Stefan -- opiates absolutely aren't routinely replaceable with cannabis. Chronic pain patients need to have all options available to them because different things work for different people. (I think cannabis is usually worth a try because it often  …
who do it better than us ? 
when i get hit by Janna 
my nerves are so freaking amped up i can’t even think straight.
On the ice tonight with Seaman 1st Class Llano Bell. Who was greeted by none other than ⁦ @NickFoligno⁩ following the anthems. 
Wastes too much time I don’t  …
There is never a bad pick of our #CoachSam HALE Tanya and Eo1 #WowzaWednesday #SamHeughan 
NO NO NO! Dikembo Mutumbo hits the golden spike 
HELLO! GAY & BI FOLKS DO NOT RECRUIT. You have us confused with Jehovah Witness, The Mormons & The NBA.
| 9PM COUNTDOWNS. Click to request (DON'T SPAM): 1. Z100  
If you have just started following please read and retweet my  blog in my bio to help people understand what this project is all about. Thank you so much to my very first followers!
When you think you like it I promise you gon love 
Well, the plot thickens. I don't use the term often but I guess this is what they mean by "deep state." So much wasted  …
Booze hound and republican loser Matt Gaetz filed  against the Democratic chairman of the House Intelligence Committee in a move that could usher an end to a decades-long bipartisan ethics detente.  …
Why is this girl White with a lace-front that we CAN  …
With tomorrow's vote, the House will give @POTUS more due process protections than either Nixon or Clinton received. And we are doing this even before the Senate conducts a trial--which is where defendants traditionally get due process rights--should the House decide to  …
Cheers to 
"Attacking football is unsustainable" "But Unai, we lost the lead when we started playing defensively" "Yes but we were only in a position to lose the lead because of the attacking football"
how old is dr  …
Happy Spooky Days! 
and he’s the only person in the world that can get away with doing  …
Good morning
VIEW FROM MY HOTEL ROOM AT DISNEYLAND! Top floor, oh 
i always get weak whenever i see this story grace my timeline because while it could be fake it also would not surprise me at all if it actually happened
WHY have i just spent over 3 hours carving ROCKA onto a pumpkin 
Imagine if some concerned whistleblower didn’t like Obama’s plans to bomb 8 countries and leaked them. He’d be in Gitmo for life
Here we go. Because of @WaltonCaps, I know it’s okay to believe. #STAYINTHEFIGHT #WorldSeries
Y’all are gonna hate me but NY better than LA...
That last part of “Sue Me” hits different. #NPRFolarin 
I will never forget this moment, 18 years ago today. Steeee-RIKE! 
Can I buy @deadspin and keep 
One hour to go #DogPound I want to hear you ROAR #DogsMostWanted 
Work after 
For the last time of the 2019 season, Go Astros! #TakeItBack #WorldSeries
If you  out into the real world you would see people are not as stupid as Fox thinks they are people understand how crooked he is and just because you rigged and flipped the count for the vote doesn't mean he really won
THREAD: The NDP’s posturing over a standard clause for contract agreements has really been a spectacle today. Accusations that we are trying to sneak in a clause as part of a ploy to cancel the Green Line are absurd. #ableg 1/4
**TODAY** volunteers are handing out 'Stop Liberal Bus Privatisation' flyers at Martin Place. You deserve better services. Not privatisation. Join the campaign  
Horses are so faithful!! My horses will always be treated well and with love  …
It was #Iran that brokered the movement of #PKK cadres into #Rojava in 2012, FYI, after #Asad handed the PKK the areas of northern #Syria to destabilise the rebellion and its external backers. For Tehran, it drained away the " #PJAK" threat and propped up their client in Damascus.
I'm going to be 100% honest here... If it was proven trans women have an advantage over cis women in sports, I wouldn't give a shit. There are so few of us and we put up with enough shit, and I doubt it would be an unfair or insurmountable advantage anyway. TERFs don't @me
I’m literally the Zeta’s biggest fan.
Happy 
the pains of having everything you own connected to 
Last tune up workout prior to the State Finals for OHXC Lady Eagle Senior Mollie Gamble! Mother Nature cooperated just long enough.  #OneClassFight #TheGambler 
Stop putting two spaces after periods. No, I don't care that that's how you were taught, you're just creating more work for editors and  after you
you really think we're gonna make Drake sit on a lawn  …
Feelings are always running high just after losing a game you really shouldn't have, but for the most part, as a football spectacle, I really enjoyed the 5-5 game tonight. It's just the frustration that we're so easy to score against. We do have players of great potential.
mark pls,,, i already used my discount code that i had at the start of the year like pls,,,
R E L O A D E D... #DawgPound @ChadSimmons_ @PJ247Sports  
mark really said “here’s your serotonin for the week”
Send £6 to my PayPal and I will send the pack, dm for the paypal  …
Ghoul  out rn use my code Endretta
I could not be more proud of the Fred Lynn alumni - doing it right!!! Surround yourself with people who lift you up and make you better! The Marine Corp Blue looks amazing!!! 
October 30: Selena Gomez seen at JFK Airport in New York, 
You ROCK @seafiemu!!! Congrats on your acceptance to Bethel University and an official offer to play football at McMurry University!! @PebbleHillsAVID is so proud of you!! @SocorroISD @AVIDSRO 
OMG!!! ITS A HELICOPTER NO WAY I HAD NO IDEA!!!!
lady gaga at fox's emmys after party in 2015 (part 
Bro, they weren't away goals. The games done!  …
This camera shot of Max Scherzer is f’n GOLD!!! 
barbz going to facebook to drop a review  …
your relationships should be a safe place, not a battlefield
It was a helicopter
Teamwork makes the dream work. 400m of anywhere between 4-9 lanes of freshly shoveled track. Work today so they can work tomorrow. 
Me  at a party but trying to act 
Didn’t Q say something about watching Collins?....well look, Collins right under Q and mirrored Q  
The last woman I loved was warm, caring, bright, funny, and sassy. She was the one. After 3 months, I told her she drank too much. She needed to hear it, and she needed me, she said. I will be here, if you try. But she didn't. So she became the last woman I loved. #vss365 #wip
YOU GUYS THEY LITERWLLY LOOK ALIKE IM NOT READING UR MINDS I PROMISE..
Game Seven. Nothing like it. Win or go home.
Happy to join the Zombie Choir, @ChairmanBuckley, @mollycbiron, and @MindiMessmer4NH to push back against the spooky Republican agenda! 
a 
Huge out to @CarrollQuigley1 and @FOOL_NELSON for their deep dives the last few weeks on WB
Lakers fans ‘18-‘19: “Lebron is washed and will NEVER be a Laker legend” Lakers fans ‘19-‘20: 
GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7 GAME 7
Have changed my Twitter name to raise awareness of the precise duck to write-in for @GuardianAus #birdoftheyear Due to corruption NO ducks are on the list. But there's a write-in option at the bottom. Please vote Pacific Black Duck. Tell your  …
goodnight i miss yungi so 
Do you believe me when I say everything's going to be alright? Patriots are the strongest force in the US of A!!
NYC + iPhone 11 Pro Max: 
THE “BEFORE” 
You know the answer to this is  …
It’s a late night at the #ncga. After a day that started at 5:30 a.m., it’s a good thing I have my squad to hang out with & keep me going! #yawn #WomenLead  …
putting my good juju out there i will be on the @Pornhub Podcast with @AsaAkira that’s all
Exactly, Ryan! Vindman also testified that the GOP "transcript" was deliberately inaccurate to favor Trump. While hardly a surprise, it's evidence of Trump's treachery in attempting to cover up his wrongdoing, despite claiming he did nothing wrong.  …
@FweeHouses bread 
HEADER FOR @JymzFN DUAL HEADER W/ @qtSortiz RT'S & LIKED APPRECIATED IT ! DM ME FOR PRICES THANKS!! HEADER HD:  i actually going to make more stuff like this i really enjoy and i hope you guys will also enjoy too show me some feedback 
Music is fundamentally low intellect by its nature  of spirit. The amount of egotism involved in music culture, then,  unwarranted. Even Beethoven is just playfulness. We apply high intellect concepts via art, aesthetic, context  of mind
Happy birthday @teemee_coco , my happy 
Yes, that's true. Being poor is only romantic in books.
Reggie confirmed time  …
No more badges, Niki.  badges. THERES NO ROOM 
My release from last month “life is real” hit 100,000 views on youtube today. Huge thank you to everyone who made that possible by taking a listen GO
When people like @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @JohnBrennan @Comey get charged with treason , I say we follow their rules and allow them no defense and no cross examination of the people that the military brings forward
It is such an honor to be nominated and to stand beside such talented colleagues who are ‘all-in’ for  …
majority of jedi knights/masters got their padawans dusted bc they refused to believe in anything other than the jedi code/actually be there for them and if it weren’t for the council/palps anakin and ahsoka would’ve never let the jedi fall like yoda’s mossy ass did
Oh  …
Sixers D doing an amazing job forcing the ball into Graham's hands. Result: Sixers rebound advantage 29-9, and leading by 20.
I’m gonna add more cause I love em, bringing in Wonho Monsta 
I'm good at carving things. -Me, flirting.
it’s me i’m  …
“Ooo look at me I’m 5ft pick me pick  …
It is now readily apparent that Tulsi Gabbard turning her back on the DNC and endorsing Sanders was purely a political axe being ground and had nothing to do with any ideological tie to Sanders. This will only be that much clearer as Sanders makes no deal with Gabbard.
Link
T-minus two minutes. #LetsGo!!! @WWENXT  …
*Mr Brightside plays in background* COMING OUT OF MY CAGE AND 
Rodney Reed must be freed. He is slated to be murdered by the state of Texas on November 20th Please get into contact with @BringRodneyHome they are an organization that has vouched for Rodney's innocence. First we must get him freed then pursue the abolition of the death  …
If we give the government more money under any pretense they will waste it, use it to buy votes, & expand its own power!"
. @JudicialWatch uncovers MORE Strzok/Page/Ohr documents that DOJ said it didn't have! PLUS Coup intensifies as Pelosi/Schiff seek House endorsement of abuse of power targeting @RealDonaldTrump. My latest take on the current crisis:  
"Brexit Endgame: Parliament Agrees to December Elections," the latest from Amanda 
Photoshop pic - not yet be verified by 
ur literally the president with access to everything and u choose the worst person to photoshop ur picture  …
UK citizens overseas please see below for details of applying for a proxy vote.  …
Baseball season ends tonight. While that is a horrible tragedy, and I’ll miss it dearly... I could not be more excited for this offseason.
When your mate and your close friends remind you that you have birthday today ... thank you so much @KaseyYeen @egnur 
Omfg my #WCW post went all sorts of sideways. Cut off. Then i tried to re add and had repeats and missed people. Sorry yall. User 
A Little Double Cross Review on Goodreads: 5 “Wonderfully written short story set in one night when a key witness is murdered under police protection. Great characters, the story keeps you guessing!” A Reyansh Meran mystery Free on KU  
This is so satisfying to watch 
“I’M GONNA 
Shawn via instagram stories. Stream the tour diary so Shawn can buy more 
hail 
My 13 yr  home from school after a 12 hour day and starts vacuuming while my husband and I sit on the couch too exhausted to move and I don’t understand anything anymore.
what grad school does to 
"Overall she made me feel like a big 
laughing at myself that I just thought “ahhh, time to relax” and it’s 11.59pm. bitch the day is over, go to bed
@TaeProjects I've #justsponsored BTS V Project, who's fundraising for Children with Cancer UK on @JustGiving. Donate now  … ""
This so deserves a  …
somebody said another Taurus Lmao y’all tryna start a war

If vampires can’t see their own reflections, then  they’re always so gorgeous.
"There're too many nights I don't know about. A century of them." "I'll narrow it down for you. All of my best nights have happened since I met you." 
If you knew the origins of this Luciferian holiday adopted/assimilated by the christian church you'd think twice about sending your children out into the dark. #Druid #Sacrifice #Jackolantern #BoneFire #Hexagram Do NOT participate in evil!
lol you don’t  …
Before this gets started, just wanted to send a shout-out to colleagues and friends who aren't here in Houston but are watching closely from afar: @masnKerr, @masnKolko @Boporter16Bo, @AlexChappell, @ESPNeddiematz, @masnPete and @ladsonbill24
Absolutely GUT  …
“You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don’t make moves and you don’t climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you’re  …
To Impeach Or Not Impeach, Democrats Don’t Care!  via @YouTube
3 year ago vs. now 
Thanks to those hard working firefighters, and the help of brush-eating goats, the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley has been saved!  … via @ABC7
Really hope Keita isn’t badly injured, he just can’t catch a break can he.
If anyone is supporting Tulsi Gabbard please stop following me or block me.
I’ve never wanted Yeast so bad in my  …
RobGottiDayBlessed To See 
new chapter in life ! 
It would be so awesome if @NickiMinaj was on the “Birds of Prey” soundtrack Tag 
It was, in fact, destroyed in World War II and this was the one rebuilt after that. It can be rebuilt again. Nearly every important temple or shrine or castle here in Japan has been rebuilt over time.
Ready for my man to get home
I miss gcf, the last one was like two years ago :(
When I get this back piece (tattoo) clothes whom? Clothes where? Lmao
Another fun Jersey empirical fact - Caroline Manzo is a total bitch. #rhonj
posting this on twitter since tik tok wants to be homophobic and keep it from blowing 
A remarkable & tenacious woman - I wrote a short piece about what Mariam and her colleagues are doing to help achieve justice for Syrians  
ADIRONDACK MTNS, NY - We do more than #HurricaneHunting. Here's a recent time lapse of #TwinOtter #NOAA46 supporting the Soil Moisture/Snow Survey Project for @NWS, a low-level survey used to help predict flooding/water supply forecasts. Info:  
Y’all: It’s almost Halloween! Me: Finally, I can break this wretched curse and take my rightful place next to my dark father, Satan! My Mom: His last name is Chatan, Eugene Chatan, and he just never paid child support.
“When the church invites,  includes, and equips those with disabilities, the love of Christ Jesus is shared in a broad and diverse way. God’s love is seen and experienced more fully by the world as He shows more of Himself through the whole body.” –Gigi Sanders
Deleted mine the day Cambridge Analytica broke. Haven't looked back. Mental health has improved leaps and bounds. I don't miss my old  …
Meet your 2019-2020 Maple 
Game face. 
And Now It’s Dead(spin)
Fanladyandthetrack moment! We spotter @CovfefeHorse this morning! She is spectacular! #FillyandMareSprint 
Judas had: The best pastor The best leader The best adviser The best counselor Yet he failed. The problem is not the leadership or the church you attend. If your attitude or character doesn’t change... If your heart’s not transformed... You will always be the same. Nite
Our Buckeyes on the way to Iowa!!! Safe 
| @LandoNorris & @Carlossainz55 via @hringner on Instagram! #L4NDO #LN4 #COTA 
thought senior year was gonna be the year i finally died of alcohol poisoning but it’s the year i turned into a grandma and only go out once a month
Hey It's that time of year when we do our obligatory Halloween Themed game! Don't be too excited I'm sure this will only be about the 146th Halloween themed tag you have seen, but it's the first from @BumbleBeeszy @Sarah_Joyous and @vasego1 so Join us and play 
double trouble for the public demo tomorrow 
Forristal: "I want our musical to be THIS BIG" #musicaltheatre workshopping with @jordanclarkemus 
Thankful to God! 
I’m 
#Lebanon: Day 14 of the #Revolution against the corrupt system. Roads are blocked again around the country. These pictures are at the famous Ring bridge in #Beirut. Protesters peacefully lit candles, chanted slogans and blocked the highway 
if you think i, an individual with an attention span of .5 seconds, am going to listen to a podcast JUST for ryan ross, you’re absolutely correct
Ok Boomer
The owners of one of the world's northernmost mines is telling investors it has plans to increase shipping capacity 50% higher than what it’s telling the public. That could have major impacts for #narwhals via @jwsthomson  … #CanadianArctic @Oceans_North
Challenging anyone who sees this to watch this video. It means literally everything to me. If it convinces you, you gotta take part. If it doesn’t, shoot me a message and I’ll Venmo you for coffee. Aaaand  …
living this... kinda single life
BREAKING: Fire breaks out at Shuri Castle in Japan, a UNESCO World Heritage Site which dates back to the 14th century as the palace of the Ryukyu Kingdom 700 yrs of history up in Flames. 
Beautiful crazy  0:43  …
Dan is Dan. Either you love & support him or you don’t! You can be angry or disappointed but in the end what he does is his decision & how you respond is yours. If you don’t want to buy his merch, no one is forcing you! I personally can’t wait to see what  up with!
Mucha gente en   …
Where's the 
Gorgeous evening all friends from America If you ask me about heaven. I will lead you to Canada. IG @kjp #lovecanada 
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool won't be able to play their #CarabaoCup quarter-final if the fixture can't be rearranged. More:  #LFC 
In Scotland alone, around 9.5 million tonnes of CO2 each year are removed from the atmosphere by our forests — this is a clear example of why an increase in tree planting is so important in the fight against climate change.” #ActOnClimate  …
Tonight is the night Rick and Morty kiss #ImwithAEW
Mom: “Are you serious? Don’t drive like a maniac near my car- I have a BABY in here!” Also moms: *driving while eating dinner from two days ago, reaching in the backseat to give the baby their binky, and changing the song to Baby Shark to shut up the toddler*
Hey there everyone ! Taking the night off and have been hanging with the dogs ! Tomorrow is Brody’s 7th Birthday ! After work I’ll be live on Twitch baking him a dog friendly cake ! See you live around 1230am 
My first show ever and we sold out . I’m in loss of words right now and so damn greatful!
looking to check in? worked the #ahs100 party at hollywood forever as gaga’s iconic character in hotel makeup by loftjet // hair by tony 
Patiently waiting until  at the wrong person on this show  …
rt this and i'll poorly draw your profile picture bc im bored ? an 
We appreciate the support of @drtraywickgcsd at the 1st  Parent Center! @ShannonCHeller @GreeceCentral. Beautiful space made just for 
Bitches love putting “” after a lie. “I was sleep ” “I didn’t have my phone ” “I only fuck w/ you ” It’s me I’m bitches
Why do so many r/relationships post read, “He is a sweet and amazing guy and our relationship is perfect, except for the small teensy detail that he routinely violates the Geneva Conventions but otherwise it’s like a fairy tale relationship!” This isn’t that bad, just  …
Tour in 4 
The only avengers of kpop that I 
What the  has done with Team Trees is amazing. What the  is doing with Team Giving is  …
idk i find it a little weird how you can lose respect for someone but still view their story/stay updated on their life. to each their own tho
We got pumpkins to match the good 
feelin not very 
Every Grad season we have that one male weh just really bless the timeline. You are this year's winner. Congrats  …
Did ketamine make y’all forget about pumpkin spice everything or something?
Jacqueline: " #SalmanKhan’s reach is so HUGE. Working with him is like going to film school, you get invaluable lessons while on the 
Time for the annual rewatch of The Guest. This film deserves so much more recognition than it 
October 30: Selena Gomez seen at JFK Airport in New York, 
In all of sports, there’s really nothing quite like #Game7 of the World Series.
Today I -sold an essay -edited an essay for publication -did the final dev edit on my YA novel -chased down some freelance money that's late -goosed an editor on a  project And now I'm gonna go do this 
A new poll shows 70% of likely voters identify with ‘America First’ agenda while only 19% identify with 
Owen, do you have a source for your Neonicotinoids report? The one that said they were absolutely fine and wouldn't kill all our bees?
At #ACS2019 , winning the Jameson L Chassin Award our own ⁦ @Roux_MD⁩ . Congratulations ! ⁦ @ECUSurgery⁩ ⁦ @ECUBrodySOM⁩ ⁦ @EastCarolina⁩ ⁦ @Vidant_Health⁩ 
sometimes u just need to take time a lil out to look at where you are now and where u was yesterday. you see how far you done came ?! GIVE YOURSELF A PAT ON THE BACK & YOU KEEP GOING
you gotta feel as good as my art space, if you’re tryna be...in my space
Slept with a heavy heart, woke up with a heavier heart.
IVE SEEN SOME POPTART DISCUSSIONS IN THE NRS SCENE TODAY SO I WANTED TO DROP THE DEFINITIVE TIER 
Raptors continue their 25th anniversary video tributes with one for their long-time coach, Dwane Casey.
I would love to see a movie about the Moorish occupation in Spain.
I say we bump uglies until they close this Panera
Just announcing this in advance so y’all have time to prepare.. Me, @kush_jones_, @MoMa_Ready & @AceM0 B2B live on @TheLotRadio Nov 11 6-8PM EST
love ends too quickly, heartbreak last too long.
The 
I like peace more than anything.
filter and then no 
Waiter: I’m sorry Sir but we don’t allow pets. Odin: Wow! I didn’t know you discriminated against the sight impaired. Let’s go boys. Ravens: *caw* Odin: Yes, we’ll find a place that allows dark mystical creatures Ravens: *caw?* Odin: Waffle House
LIVE: The Happy Hour presented by @SWBCServices returns to @thestarinfrisco with special guest  …
2020 romance books are looking PRETTY GOOD. You can check some of them out over  …
I get lonely sometimes, and she says encouraging words that I like  …
they know it’s up but it ain’t outta they 
"Only idiots like fake 
Very sweet girl has suspected front leg fracture, and is being overlooked. Let's get her some  …
Maybe @nzherald can do some follow-up reporting on why new cars aren't restricted to travel at or below the speed limit? Or is it only scooters that deserve such measures?  …
party at my house for halloween
A lot of people have been asking if I'm ok since my car was stolen and I am so grateful! Unfortunately my car was burnt out after it was reported missing. I apologise to everyone who has been waiting on me for projects. I've been trying to sort this out! Peace and love 
Okay but my eyes still look almost black in the sun so I  …
PAA friends! Official notices for sessions  out for regular sessions until Nov. 4th! I also just want to say, as an organizer myself & hearing from other orgs, that there are so, so many good papers that don't make 1st cut due to sheer #s. Never feels good but take 
The cries of those who have been cheated, oppressed, and have labored in vain under rich overlords “have reached the ears of the Lord of hosts.” (James 5:1–4)
Focused for the weekend ahead and ready to add another win to the name. 
You & Boehner, Ryan, McConnell said and did treat President Obama as a 1 term President from Day 1. So sit on it and  …
all smiles because of you 
Former Tulane lineman John Leglue works toward NFL goals on Saints practice squad  … @GreenWaveFB @CCSDaily
SERIOUSLY FOLKS! We are turning this poll around Patriots please retweet to flip the script! When are these liberals going to learn that the media is lying to them? #MAGA is  …
“You like you should be in the movies” “I believe in this outfit I’m required to call them ‘Moving Pictures’” #fashionblogger 
i want to “let’s watch movies & cuddle” my way into some toxic dick
PC release  soon to YouTube... @HyperX
I’m here! 
im a whore for angel numbers
A preview of my contribution to the PoC Furry Zine, HERE - @here_zine The Zine features an amazing collection of talent, and you can PreOrder your copy now  
I never knew I wanted to be on screen with my friends until @markiplier invited me to join. And he just keeps inviting me. I'm humbled to be part of such a great project. Proud of you Mark. Can't wait for Heist 2: The Heistening. I'll always be your unstable security guard 
That interview was honestly perfect. Bullshít-free, all about music, it was relaxed  I felt like we got to hear a lot from Louis and learn a lot. Every single interview should be like this one.
it pays the  …
My source said, yves really looks like sunmi with her ponytail
Twitter, sweetie, I literally cannot think of something I am LESS likely to 
Dream (bregafunk) Catcher 
Screw it, might sleet tomorrow. Let’s get weird 
H : I'm all right. I just kinda feel like being alone. J : Yeah, that's not gonna happen sorry. [5x18] 
this 
Big Twitter move. Over to you,  …
I was happy when @laurawags reached out and said she wanted to talk. It was among the most important conversations I wanted to have-most certainly it was not sticking to sports-& I knew she would handle it w/care. High talent, fearless & wow, what  in print & in  …
First half @Vol_Hoops impressions: -As soon as ENMU stopped hitting hard shots, Tennessee went on a monster run like they should. -Turner and Bowden are the leaders. James will get there. -Fulkerson much better -Too many TOs, but that will ease out as the season goes on
Ya I’m bisexual
Name a performance you think is one of the best you've ever seen, but weren't expecting. I'll start: @HaileeSteinfeld as Mattie Ross in 2010's True Grit Watching it again and still cannot believe her performance. Every bit the equal of Jeff Bridges #thewracgroup #wrac19
Just listed at #CHANNINGPOSTERS on EBAY: an original #movieposter for #Hitchcock's The Man Who Knew Too Much, 1956, with James Stewart and Doris Day, $350.,  … 
Mamamoo experiencing what we experienced watching their vids without 
Coyote Enchantment or Husbands & Wives. Both of which are the most collaborative with Rick. Can vividly recall writing both of those and feeling something  …
Fresh 8 O'clock Face-Off! Tonight we have @isabelamerced with her song Papi VS. @Louis_Tomlinson and his song We Made It Vote for what song you like better! #NIGHTSHOW
u got some big shoes to fill shorty  …
Killed John and made Sarah look bad in service of the new characters. Jesus, its just like Disney Star Wara
Chief People Officer Omo Atinkan and Mayor Tory also approved Iran;'s Al Quds rally of hatred! The Mayor and the council declare Toronto a home for anti-semitsm ;ironically Al Quds anti-LGBTQ LEVY: Council’s thought police jump on Meghan Murphy  …
Why US teachers have been walking out of schools 
Who says we're just "casting stones"? We're casting ballots too, motherf*ckers. And it ain't gonna be a neoliberal in 2020. The centrists should unify under progressive leadership... or admit they value their power over beating Trump.
wait omg I think I might have already thought all my thoughts
Nats so Cole wins his first series with the  …
You were amazing !!! I saw you twice tonight ... I arrived and then went back an hour later to meet my kids! You have a beautiful voice ....
GOLDEN SPIKER IS DIKEMBE MUTOMBO ATLANTA GOING TO LOCK DOWN THE PAINT TONIGHT
. @IggyAzalea Reveals 'Lola' Single Cover  
Eagles dominate RMAC football academic 
Lace ‘em up and hold onto your hats. It’s almost game time! Tune in live right now on @NBCSN, the NBC Sports App, @101espn or the NHL App. 
You can block me but yuh cyah block the fuck dem weh me bless yuh wid.
Why is she whining says Thor? Just a bit of rain. 
POLICE: Active Police investigation at 7441 Carlyle Avenue. Please avoid the area. More information to follow as it  available.
Dak Prescott pass grade through week 8 91.6 (1st) - when throwing to first read 39.6 (32nd) - not throwing to first read

Here’s what I would love to see happen. I want to see the @CPC_HQ, @NDP & the @BlocQuebecois to use their majority to vote @Puglaas as Speaker of the House. Please tell me this is possible!!! . 
When the motherfucker gets booted, I wanna rent out a huge space and have all you resisters over for the celebration of a lifetime. You'll only need to know one thing to get in.... the password, which will be: Human Scum.
Thank you to the Hill family for your generosity &  …
Baek Kyung after lose with Haru and got push by Haru is the cute thing ever. Come here babe, do you want ice cream he's just a baby 
Pension is deferred salary that's already been earned. What would possess teachers to want to be paid with their own money? That's a really lousy deal.
Lol no I’m not I’m changing and finally realizing things
THE NASTIEST COOKIES  …
Boo’d by a crowd of leftist elite pukes at the World Series, not shocked... F-DC and the @Nationals GO @astros GO 
Please educate them cause I’m reading  and all I’m seeing is pick me’s. If your dick is big you really do need to know what your doing fr. Consistently hitting someone’s cervix doesn’t feel good at all. You really need to control your dick and not let it control  …
i did it, i was laughing too much 
Stream? stream. 
go and be great with yo 
couples costume 
Rich, successful, and beautiful vs Rich, successful, and  …
Congrats to @PaytonSchott on being this week's Ball Out Belt Champion! #DefendTheBelt 
Everyone is so excited for Halloween this year is gonna be the best All Hallows’ eve there is #pocketcamp 
This is awesome! I wish more elected officials would answer questions from constituents. Young people need to hold reps accountable & be their own activist. Thanks for doing this Mike - much better than a form email from some SC reps if you are 
frank’s moon river there are no words there are literally no words that’s magic right there
jungkook just standing there being all ᶜᵘᵗᵉ and 
dinner for babie 
Completed the First session of training/inductions for the Homeless Emergency Winter Refuge in Chatham - next one is November 7th, 7pm at Emmaus Church on Clover Street Chatham. Come and see what we do ! #Medway #volunteer 
if you ever see me on here goin at it with someone ugly, just report my page cause i should know better fr
Tonight in Iraq: Protesters continue turning out by the thousands against 
the transition.... we 
Jayson Megna,  to Pepsi Center. 
anyways i think death by firing squad should be brought back for everyone in public spaces that has no spacial awareness and/or is ugly
Added a new pair of @Jumpman23 to the collection! Love the 12’s, like them even more in Trojan colors, thanks for the hookup @MTFHoops @aaron_ennis 
I believe the FGC will  a mainstream esports one day. Thoughts?
I don't think you know what journalism is, @BrittMcHenry. I wish you the best of luck figuring it out though!
Things I hate: Being referred to as “big man/ big guy”. Like ok cool, yes I’m plump, was there a need to address that fact in your greeting or inquiry? No? Oh, ok.
All hail the beautiful @Uber driver who patiently made multiple stops for me to be car sick on the way to uni this morning. Not so glamorous on my part, but he handled it with such grace and kindness. There are some good ones out there!
jim going off on people,, legendary
Sex is cool but HAVE YOU SEEN THIS? 
“Hold my  …
@YachtClubGames The boys wanted to be Shovel Knight & King Knight this 
It's halftime at TBA. #Vols lead 52-28. #GBO 
Still shopping at Target? They also sell these pizza costumes for children!! 
What will be truly judged is our actions towards the “least of these” — how we treat those in our midst who are hungry, thirsty, naked, a stranger, sick, or in prison is how we treat Jesus himself. (Matthew 25:31–46)
When I die, I want my head to be a Jack-O-Lantern so that I can still brighten people's lives.
who’s tryna be in my girl fortnite squad lol
“That turd you laid down next to the Rose Garden is bigger than George Stephanopoulus. I may get it  …
What side are you on? Either way check out #WednesdayNightWars podcast with @chairshotgreg and myself every Friday as we recap the weekly @WWENXT and @AEWonTNT on @thechairshotcom #nxt #halloween #aew #spoopy #spooky #sfx #podcast #journalism 
Terrace Marshall on his time out with injury: “It was miserable. It was so hard. But everyone around here was so motivational. Now it’s my turn again.” #LSU
If you aren’t following @ReformedTrader, you really should start. He posts amazing summary threads of quant research papers.  …
Holy cannoli I forgot how much I loved Stardew Valley. Definitely need to work it back into the stream rotation 
EXCUUUUSE  …
AND AS THE FAMOUS FORREST GUMP ONCE SAID: "STUPID IS AS STUPID DOES!" AND COMEDIAN RON WHITE SAID: "YOU CAN'T FIX STUPID! GO  …
F/A for P2P events, 2.3k pps if that matters to you. Down to run any role, but I prefer flex. DMs open, RTs appreciated.
 …
This Saturday, #IUFB  George Taliaferro's daughters as honorary captains – Renee Buckner, Terri Johnson & Donna 
... SO, DO JUST THAT; DO IT WITHOUT HESITATION, WITHOUT LIMITATIONS AND WITHOUT A SINGLE THOUGHT OF WHAT OTHERS MAY SAY OR THINK! TOGETHER, WE ARE SHAPING OUR FUTURES; HEAVEN ON EARTH! See the perfection in others! It's not hard to find. Reflect their wholeness back to them.
thinking about premarital sex
Thankful for a hubby who lets me roam Hobby Lobby with no time frame while he stays in the car with sleeping kiddos  @Bearded_RN
Dems seem to be able to legislate and protect America from corruption and look good while doing it. Matt Gaetz.... not so much. 8 DUIs take a toll.
I saw the sweetest dad bouncing his baby in its carseat and making weird noises at it to massive giggles on my way into therapy and my heart grew 3 sizes
FINALLY I CAN SEE IDOL PARK JIHOON AGAIN!! HE IS BACK TO BE SINGER, AFTER BEING 
OG Anunoby just threw down a breakaway dunk with little authority or flare. He truly is a disciple of Kawhi Leonard.
Max Scherzer could have been a Cardinal. Really. Tonight, he pitches in the ultimate baseball game. It’s hard not to think what could have been as Cardinal Nation watches Game 7  …
I think this will be an unforgettable show! Tune in  …
Logan said “LETS PLAY 
#30DaysofRyanGosling 30. Favorite photo 
#9 Minda Forsblom with the first goal of the game putting the Bucs ahead. #GoBarryBucs 
Absolutely buzzing for the Academy lads and the Academy, some night that, moments for Curtis, Neco and Caoimhin that will never leave them, absolutely brilliant, YNWA
Here at L.A. Hall Of In-justice to #CheckTheSheriff Villanueva & D.A. Lacey for allowing L.A. cops to kill black & brown people in our neighborhoods with zero accountability... paid for by OUR own tax dollars!! Shoutout to impacted families & @BLMLA for being here every 
Bwahahahaha! He won’t be their President in 5 years, but they’ll be stuck with that forever....BRILLIANT!
Clara Bow photographed by Eugene Robert Richee, 
Master Batiste details that fighting isn't just about throwing kicks and punches but rather learning how to use Analytics to 
Just realized it's October 31 tomorrow
Now THERE is the reason it is SO important to get out and vote! So many people say their vote won't matter as the polls say this or that, but trust me, YOUR vote counts  …
“Spooky season creates mountains of plastic waste, with no solution in sight.” #plasticpollution 
Barack Obama Calls Out Woke Culture And Twitter Outrage: ‘That’s Not Activism’ The former president is urging Americans to stop being "as judgmental as possible" and abandon political purity  …
"You being here matters." - @RashidaTlaib Bernie shows up. Always has. Always will. These are the fighters I choose. This is the fight we will win... #Bernie2020  …
I have found a friend and spiritual mentor here who has patiently laid a long trail of breadcrumbs for me to follow. May I do the same for you? He would be happy to discover I have done so. GO WITHIN AND REMEMBER HOW POWERFUL YOU REALLY ARE. YOU WERE SENT HERE TO CREATE ...
A great safety feature for light #aircraft....BUT is there a possibility that this will encourage GA pilots to put themselves in a situation that previously they may have avoided....knowing they have a “get out of trouble” button. Value your thoughts on this #pilots &  …
That should be me :/ 
when danza  
My relationship politics in a single tweet.
“faux high ground,” real  …
dates in this typa weather would smack 110%
Boney Mountain in the Santa Monica Mountains continues to be the big winner in terms of strongest winds today, with gusts still over 70 mph! Take a look at a summary of the peak winds from the last 6 hours:  #SoCal #CAwx #LAwind #LAweather
In the Halloween spirit today at practice! 
dans literally just using us at this point like hes dropped so much merch and shipping is ridiculous and hes uploaded one(1) video this entire year. yall need to realize that you cant just disappear and then realease merch and disappear again. and saying he has depression as an +
So My gf just broke it down to her 4yr old daughter that she’s going to have two moms... and the smile on her face melted my heart, she’s so happy and excited. I love them so much, my heart  I’ve always wanted my own little family she says I’m mommy #1 tho lol
episode six of this modern love 
How the mighty have fallen eh... Throwing flares and going mental after scoring against the Wolves Academy. We’ve been to Turin and Istanbul but apparently our big day out is in a shithole suburb in brum Good experience for our babbies
THANK YOU 10! 
Plus, like. We couldn’t have *all* been kings. That’s not how monarchy works  …
grrm's response when someone ask him about twow & ados till he cr*aks now that he'll be busy for the next few years and probably won't finish the books ever cuz y'all wanted this   …
BRUSH FIRE | Battalion 10 | Forward progress stopped at 2-3 acres. Durfee/ Whittier narrows @LACOFD Firefighters continue maintain an extremely high operational tempo |no structures threatened on this incident. This is the #WhittierFire
me tweeting about wanting to suck san’s d*ck but remembering that ateez stalk us on twt 
When you’re at a party and the music gets interrupted with an advertisement from 
I walked to Game 7 of the 1986 World Series from my apartment in Kew Gardens, Queens, just so I could write a Twitter post before Game 7 in 2019 saying I did. #Mets
Tried to jump over the trash while at work 
A sobering reminder of the daily cost of manipulated media — let’s not forget the political risk, but also remember that the pain caused by MM today is overwhelmingly personal, individual, and targeted at  …
Wow so obsessed with this
I'm going to work my heart out today, tomorrow, and every day after that #ForThePeople.
Alright fellow writers! We have a big BIG announcement! For those of you participating in #BTSTalesFromTheCrypt our  you may have noticed we said a few times there is a prize! (Drumroll) For our  for a BTS  what's more...
no matter what happens tonight this is the last baseball game I’m watching this year I swear to god
I can’t imagine caring about what a nigga likes on IG
i think adora is aries  …
This makes me sad  …
Selena Gomez Clarifies Relationship Status After Reuniting With Ex-Boyfriend Samuel 
I JUST HEARD THAT YOU GUYS WERE MAD AT ME, BUT I DIDNT DO ANYTHING, SO IM MAD AT YOU FOR BEING MAD AT ME FOR NO REASON , SO TRY & TALK TO ME IM MAD...  …
Dahlia Hawthorne. Thanks to her, men can't live in 
he is the best boy 
yo I just did 
The holy and divine work of God (through Jesus) is good news to the poor; release to the captives; and liberation to the oppressed. (Luke 4:16–19)
Solid #CardioOnc representation by  …
The 2020 Toyota AFL Premiership Season fixture is HERE! View in full:  
Trick or Treat（*´▽｀*） photo: 
Sometimes I wish I were less sensitive. But then I remember that it's my sensitivity that has pointed me in the right direction. I'm a sensitive guy, and I appreciate the way it lets me relate to others. Anyone else feel this way? #ThursdayThoughts
Im convinced that relationships aren’t for me
#HappyHalloweenEve If you have youngsters trick-or-treating, beware of #Liberal households, there’s no telling what their orders will be for tomorrow’s fake outrage! Otherwise enjoy! You chose life!! #ChooseLife #WalkAway #WednesdayWisdom #Halloween 
ok i guess im randomly going to Mexico city this weekend to experience Dia De Los Muertos?????????????????? OK WOW
Playing the COD campaign!! Overwatch later  say hi!  
Those videos of people yelling at POC for speaking their native language really pisses me off, that your small brain can’t grasp that there’s more languages than English you unseasoned pos if anyone ever told my parent to speak English I’m k*ck*ng you in your Achilles
halloween is tomorrow!!! what are u dressing up as!?  …
She also spicy. 
Greens Senator Hanson Young yesterday politically attacked Labor MPs for visiting workers at a metallurgical coal mine but in 2017 expressed support for locally made steel (which very much relies on metallurgical coal) #auspol #gofigure  
do you think rich people just hire hitmen to kill other hitmen for fun
Shuri Castle 首里城, Okinawa, is burning. It was the palace of Ryukyu Kingdom before its annexation by Japan in 1879. It was  destroyed in 1945 Battle of Okinawa, rebuild in 1992. Now again destroyed by 
I’m sure the quality of my life would increase by at least 90% if i got a  …
I’m so glad @BarackObama spoke up today against cancel culture. The self righteousness of people who are constantly triggered by the outrage culture on social media is like political correctness on steroid, we should strive to be way more tolerant of others
Astros in orange jerseys. Nationals in blue jerseys. Has there ever been a Game 7 in which neither team wore white or gray? I'm asking you because I'm too lazy to look this up this close to first pitch.
I would love to meet ya @GrittyNHL. Any chance you  to our cancer fighting marathon hockey game this July in Buffalo?  …
The withdrawal from Syria is part of a broader pattern of weakness, especially in response to the Islamic Republic in Iran. American deterrence in the Middle East is collapsing, writes @FDD’s John  …
what's more lesbian culture than having an entire conversation about how bad you both are at flirting and how you don't know how to ask girls out, with the friend you have a lowkey crush on
Imagine @PoorBoyOnline with 10 more shooting badges...
Kanye x Big Boy interview.
Our @DonorsChoose Authentic Spanish Texts arrived! Looking forward to #engageallreaders! @TransylvaniaSch @PFE_Rangers 
Never can tell what to expect in a game 7 #WorldSeries  …
One day the good days gone outweigh the bad and the bad days won’t even matter no more
THIS GUY FACT CHECKED A JOKE!!! Now that’s priceless!!!! Way to go MR. PRESIDENT!!! 
Canada resettled more refugees than any other country in 2018, UN says by number Double or triple other countries based on per  …
TRICK-OR-TREAT FORECAST Thursday rain clearing out before Halloween night, but colder temperatures set in by 7pm dropping into the lower 40's! Eventually hitting the upper 30's by 10pm. It's gonna be a cold, spooky night so bring a jacket with you! #MSUwx 
— baby blue 
If it ain’t making me better I don’t wanna do it.
I wanna draw some big boob spooky gurl but I am no sure about the pose. 
AAAAND that's a wrap for my Twitter takeover of @latimes! I'm @GustavoArellano and just some final plugs! Landing page for my #prop187  …
Home run derby media 
A toast to @OneHeraldGuild and all who worked so hard and unselfishly on behalf of their colleagues! 
Hey me to man
Toronto now foaming over an Allwyn’s stuffed sandwich cause there’s a new location on Queen st west? Allwyn’s been an east staple for prob two decades on underhill dr hold this late slip
Idk why y’all only do clown makeup during Halloween y’all bitches are clowns all year long
In solidarity with @SAMissionNY @DIRCO_ZA for the successful month presiding over the #UN Security Council, including on two important agenda: #YouthPeaceSecurity #WomenPeaceSecurity Inspiring leadership recentering #Women and #Youth’s voices + adoption of 
Thank you @janashortal for potraying how I feel about the whole fiasco accurately!!! @johnlegend call me I’m in  …
Poll Time: If a minor is  is it OK for  to send a NSFW reference if they have absolutely no SFW images at all?
Well I can go to bed thanks to the over 400 people who have chipped in so far Let's see if we can smash it in the morning when I head to start the campaign. Night  …
Zombie lyrics video Dey out now. Go watch am then sing along. Thanks ma don @blve_wolf for the vid.  
. @PeteButtigieg is the only presidential candidate with any upward momentum, and it has  both steady and significant. #Pete2020 #PeteForAmerica 
Say it louder for the people in the back. Not only we get MVP back soon we have Big Fish, Stone Cold, Frank the Tank, & Fuller all working their way back. WE WILL BE OK  …
It doesn’t even matter who’s playing, Game 7 of the World Series is like three times the stress my mind and body are actually able to handle.
Michael Savage can call out absurdity of going to his alma mater U Berkeley and seeing 60%+ of the class is azn/subcon, many foreign nationals. Asks if you'd see 60-70% unis in Japan be whites: No, because Japan cares about their own people. Can you say this as conservative y/n?
Kids are going to love when I scoop this delicious chili into their Halloween bags.
What a great group of young men! Proud of these seniors! @NThunderbolts 
On the cover of #HitsMagazine 10 years ago this week: 
Trick or Treating here in the valley?? I’ve got some cold temperatures that hopefully won’t scare you away really proud of this 
Highest @PFF grade on non-first read throws this season: 1. Russell Wilson - 91.3 2. Patrick Mahomes - 83.9 3. Tom Brady - 82.3 Brady is the only QB out of 34 qualified without a turnover worthy play on those throws. Also, that Wilson grade is ridiculous.
Wow! So proud of you son! You are such an inspiration for all us! Smile but stay MAD! For those that don't know our MAD means Make A Difference.... every  …
Say what you want about Justin Bieber but this album   …
lmao hey, it’s me, ur 
The wide spectrum of gender and its diverse norms are radically  and holy in God’s sight. (Isa 56:4–5; Matt 19:11–12; Acts 8:26–40)
Messi: scores a stuning freekick yesterday Rashford: hold my bear 
Who wants to win this one of a kind shirt from Fangirl Vintage and @fangirlsports?! Head over to to my Instagram page VikingsFGSN for all the giveaway 
Hi Neil. Out of curiosity, have you read my deep dive on Vivian and the Tar Sands Campaign, as well as the columns? I ask because Sandy and I are on the same page on this topic, our work is 
Tonight. Wednesday. #OneChicago night. #ChicagoFire #ChicagoMed 
The number of schools in Hong Kong which held flag-raising ceremonies to mark National Day falls to a  …
You got ‘em talking, ‘Drew!
Oh yeah that’s right let me introduce you guys to the representatives of the Walt Disney Company who have been holding me at gunpoint telling me to say positive things about Kingdom Hearts  …
.@QueenBeeSoccer defeats University of St. Francis (Ill.) 2-0 to earn another conference victory. Both goals scored by Lisa 
Another #wip of my little tokyo baby 
MEDIA ARCHIVISTS: we need your powers now, heroes Go archive Deadspin before G/O rewrites history This is your moment!
There are moments when I wish Twitter had an edit option. I Still Can't Let Go of IsaPaWithFeelings and there is this HT that I'd like to add to my Tweet Post #IsaPaWithFeelings3rdWeekNa #MaineMendoza
Support Babies 
Helping! Democrats will never be in power again!
“My mother came to my rescue....she said stop talking to them...they need to you to participate in whatever it is that they are trying to do. Refuse.” @dr_yusefsalaam on why he was the only one of #exonerated5 that did not give a false confession. @innocencepa 
Or amid blowback from POTUS after the heresy of saying he would keep an open mind on  …
Game 7 meal - Chili
POR 
191031 onlyoneprivate IG 
it’s officially this mans birthday and i just wanna cry thinking about him and all he is worth, is it possible to be proud of a fictional character? because i’m so proud of him (like i am his wife). so happy birthday loren hale, you beautiful 
For crying out loud Colleen, you know darn well that brain cells are not a freaking qualification to work at 
PREMIERE: LA based creative cyberspace drops his debut music video on ELEVATOR [ @cybrspcee]  
As tradition, here’s our updated tropigothplaylist just in time for Halloween. Old and new goth rock, post-punk, industrial, minimal wave and darkwave classics. Embrace your inner tropidarx  …
The thing about the Lizzo conversation is, nobody’s saying she’s not talented, nobody’s saying her music is bad, all i’m saying is she doesn’t make rap music.
Happy Halloween
Baecations gotta be so lit... and nasty
RotoRadar GAME 7 PROMO: This is it. #Game7 of the #WorldSeries .. If the @astros win tonight’s game, we will give away Weekly All Access #RotoRadarNFL pass to a random retweeter for EVERY RUN Houston scores!!! Must RT and be following @RotoRadarCEO. Let’s go 
*compose new email* TO: GIS team at neorsd dot org FROM: john at neorsd dot org SUBJECT: maps question MESSAGE: you are maps professionals can you explain this please i have many  …
David Beckham to Attend Green March Celebration in  …
#PsychopathDiary releases new still cuts: 
I don't do that fake love shit. I only do real love.
"even though you're shorter than me, I still love you" yes, I'm the captain of this sunken ship, and what about  …
Thick bitch wanna play roughhhh 
Any girls want to be my pals? I acc have an extreme shortage of real friends. Taking applications now lol
Daily Jinyoung Day 532 #Jinyoung #진영 #GOT7 #갓세븐 
I’m pretty sure everyone knew he was full of when he claimed he would quit. No explanation  …
It would be a lot cheaper to just keep your old tractor and hire someone to run  …
Soft touch of darkness, how soft can you get, or dark before you dissolve into a body, soaked into skin and tissue blurred into the bone, before you vanish as bodies do, so faintly there remains no trace, no dark fingerprint?
#Raptors show a video tribute for former coach Dwane Casey, to acknowledge his contributions to the organization's success.
New reports are claiming that the Whistleblower: —Worked directly under James Clapper —Worked & travelled with Joe Biden —Served in the Obama administration —Worked with John Brennan —Is a registered Democrat And the only person who knows their identity is Adam Schiff
The story behind how #KeepPounding came to be  …
lady gaga at fox's emmys after party in 2015 (part 
"I thought you said sexy pirate" "am i not sexy?" "hmf" 
#EasyFire Here's the current  area as of 5:00p - if you are west or southwest of this, keep aware of conditions.  has latest evacuation 
Budge Out 
Kalo ditanya “why did you leave?” I didn't. You wanted me to leave. You indirectly forced me to leave. I gave my 100% but for you it was never enough. And you’re also very 3x (gak jelas).
thinking about force ghost anakin
iKON is nominated for Best Boygroup in Asia Artist Awards. They're currently at rank 35. leggo  … #iKON 
Another @UCPCaucus bungle. Sorry, #yyc, but you elected these folks. #UCPcorruption #abpoli  …
Someone sent me this link as  on the tweet about Canada passing the child euthanasia law. I'm putting it here as a follow up. Maybe this is why it got so much blowback  …
She looks exactly how I expected her to look as a grown up
Have you wondered if maybe the “bad guys” weren’t so bad after all? To celebrate #Halloween, we’re seeing things from their side. 
Stuart little chugging a bottle of cough syrup as his speedy red car careens into a crowd beneath the glitter of the marquee, his sunglasses fall askew
he was movin’ to the bassline
@reggiewatts The most friendly caption for a rage 
Exactly. That’s what @GregRubini has been  …
Doug Ford's Conservatives are arguing that their misleading propaganda gas stickers help "furthers the purposes of freedom of expression". Do Ontarians like having their money wasted on this? #ONPoli  …
"So you're telling me there's a  …
Tell that bitch to be me for halloween since she want you to love her so bad
Happy Halloween Take a second to vote for our precious boys  … Idol  #CHANI #찬희 #차니 #강찬희 #SF9 #에스에프나인 
Weapons of violence will be transformed into tools of peace. (Isaiah 2:4) Women are made in the image of God, just like men. (Genesis 1:27)
Amazing that Jack is afraid of political ads here. When I open the app and hit my news feed, what’s always at the top of it? All the Washington Democrat’s that I don’t even follow. Never are Republicans there, just Dems. @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @RepMattGaetz 
Years ago (pre-2016) I was an editor who was forced by the chickenshit mgmt of  to fire a writer because he incited the ire of Donald Trump. I didn't stay much longer but I still regret not bailing immediately on principle. Respect, Deadspin writers + staff.
When bae says renting alpacas won’t fit in the wedding budget... #LizzieMcGuire @HilaryDuff 
kylo falling into the  …
—and what types of bad actors will take advantage when that line is crossed. the   to mind! can you argue that arrest info is important to have out there? sure. did some creeps take that so far they got charged with extortion? sure did.
Header for @/Insane00_ I really enjoy doing this style with badass characters;) Rts and likes are 
“We believe political message reach should be earned, not bought,” said 
Pathologist finds Jeffrey Epstein's body shows signs of homicide  
As the clock strikes midnight I’m nominating this by @susannareid100 as probably the political accountability interview of the day. Any other  …
Americans celebrating Halloween a week early because they ain’t got Nov 1 off as a bank holiday...y’all look so stupid, Halloween is on Halloween, 
Debates about Ringo’s drumming often arose from two camps: those who believed him to be one of the best rock drummers ever, and those who viewed him as an ordinary 
Women's Soccer - Won 2-1 over Northwestern (IA) College
Talks of a merger between Fiat Chrysler and PSA group have put the spotlight on “the other 
After years of cuts and inaction on aged care from the Liberals, the release of the Royal Commission's interim report is an opportunity for change. The Government must act now to fix Australia's broken aged care system. 
TV Globo denies being a rascal or a scum  …
MAKE SURE TO SIGN UP TO TAKE THE CROSS COUNTRY SPIRIT BUS AT LUNCH TOMORROW!!! SATURDAY WILL BE A FUN FILLED AND SPIRITED DAY WITH FREE ADMISSION, FOOD, & RIDE THERE AND BACK! LET’S GET KRAZY AND COME BACK AS ANOTHER STATE CHAMP! #RunLikeTheWind #DISTRICTCHAMPS 
Just listened to the new 
aLrIgHt LoS  …
Look HOO came to visit us. This Great horned owl (Bubo virginianus) has been hanging outside the office, enjoying the autumn 
Today was hard. But I'm reminded of the words of @HillaryClinton, who inspired me to get in this fight: "Never stop believing that fighting for what's right is worth it."
Love Yourself Today
I’m headed to Iowa for the Liberty & Justice Dinner w others working to elect @SenKamalaHarris. I joined this effort in January 2019 because I want a rule of law President who cares #forthepeople & who is a fighter. Campaigns need $, pls donate if u  …
#Burundi took note of the end of the mandate of the @UN Secretary-General's Special Envoy to #Burundi @MichelKafando as announced by the Secretary-General to the @BurundiGov on 27 September 2019 on the sidelines of the #UN General Assembly in 
. @theestallion via IG. “Look back pose 
Wait. How? 
Thank you to @Dell @Alienware for hooking it up with the PC for my new gaming 
even. as. young. as. you. are.
@gwenstefani @ZapposTheater please help Jen get a flight for this weekend! ♡ She’s been dying to see Gwen and truly deserves  …
imagine living on a planet with 1.2 million KNOWN species of animals and not being able  up with a non-racist sports team mascot
We must be careful that we don't  automatic machines repeating the same destructive patterns over and over.
Everyone needs to see 
Doing podcast, Talking with lawyers and abolitionist everyday.. Actually feeling like my voice is being heard. The last 2 morning i woke up thinking: am I really doing this? Am I really having these conversations, and building with brilliant ppl? This is so new and amazing 2 me!
the tl was so fun the day this video came 
MEN! We’ve got to step. It. Up. If you’re not financially ready to take care of a family, you’re not ready for a family  …
Yes? But... I'm not sure who in GOT7 would be up there first? @GOT7Official #GOT7  …
A5: Loving the new Up the Ladder Nonfiction unit! It directly supports some of the big work we did in fiction and transfers that work to non-fiction! 
Talk to me whatssup how's ur night going wyd
You may not like discussing politics Or watching/reading the news Voting is still essential to your life If you've ever thought 'Hey I don't like that law' #DontBooVote Voting is the only way to be heard #VoteOnNov5 this Tuesday Local elections directly affect 
The first LGBTQIA+ (Lesbian, Cis Girl, She/Her) character of the day is Clare Devlin from Derry Girls! Requested by @Iucillebluth 
Ibaka with 7 straight Raptors points and OG with another steal and dunk in transition. Toronto by 8 late in Q1.
What’s the dish that you measure all soul food restaurants by?
Careful out there this Halloween, people hand out some real sick 
And yet again this is why you don’t share posts hyping up LARGE and DEADLY BLIZZARDS several days in advance. 
I am at beetlejuice the musical .
Thinking about all the 50+ year olds who make up the majority of NXT’s viewership watching Poppy perform.
I miss being a kid and thinking $5 was a lot of money
dreamnote : a study of skills ↳ fancy name for look how talented they are [a long 
I can't believe it either !! They should be going after @Newsweek for doxing the dog
#Video | @zachsang1 on how excited is about #Walls. Watch the rest here:  
The regulation will be a boon for American taxpayers in the form of an annual $57.4B tax cut — the amount taxpayers spend every year on paying for the welfare, crime, and schooling costs of the country’s mass importation of 1.5 million new, mostly low-skilled legal  …
WATCH: @JacksonLeeTX18 asks outgoing Homeland Security Secretary @DHSMcAleenan if the family separation policy failed. He admitted to DHS “losing public trust” and said nothing about the suffering he has caused children. This should've never been a policy in the first 
if we don’t get ballum halloween, we riot at dawn ladies and gents x
How can you put Johnny sins as your keeper and you think we won't beat you!! Lmao 
. @CllrRussBowden will propose a Leasehold motion. If passed, he will write to leaders & elected mayors in the north west to seek support for an agreed regional position on leaseholds, in partnership with the National Leasehold Campaign.  …
I feel like writing a book.
gotta lose ur mind just to find ur piece of mind
Good evening. “The Peter King Podcast” is up. I get testy over @Jets future with @ProFootballTalk (he can punch back), and my old friend @Andy_Benoit gives me the story behind the story of the NFL’s first  …
Don't be afraid to grow, end bad habits, leave dead end jobs, cut off unhealthy relationships and toxic people. Take the initiative. It's your life, do what's best for you first.
Friendly reminder to rep the best printemps 
Politician’s* decision to allow false information in political advertisements is appalling. Voters are being confronted by millions of pieces of misinformation. A world where up is down and down is up is a world where democracy can't  …
Do y’all move on quicker when you’re receiving attention from someone new or being alone?
I would like a second opinion about this from an austere Islamic scholar.
which one of u is rping as awsten and ‘dating’ rian from atl and are u okay
At today’s media workout, Blair “The Flair” Cobbs says he practices juggling when dizzy so he can simulate the feeling of being focused and clear minded after being knocked down! 
U.S. Watchdog Warns of 'Improper Influence' in Trump Administration's Tariff Process 
Happiest Birthday My Love Nadine! Your strength, resilience, goodness, positivity & hardwork shall be rewarded by God tenfold! Keep doing you! The true measure of success is not fame nor money but LOVE, HAPPINESS & INNER PEACE!!! Will always pray for you #LadyLusterTurns26
so i took some selfies yesterday. 
Would be great if he realises he left his keys back on the other side, resulting in three total crossings... #PaulMcCartney 
being from Miami-Dade County, USA is a  …
. @chefjoseandres is a saint. We all know it, but the proof  Thank  …
real fishy 
I love  …
I want some dope
I knew it would include some BS. Whenever yt media is praising a Black film like that, you can bet on it. I thought for sure there would be a yt savior. There probably is one also.
I’m dead this is the exact prononciation
Find someone who loves you as much as Kittle loves having Bosa as a teammate  
Lowkey and I mean on the lowest of keys...my Sigma walk is nice
“OOOOH THIS BITCH IS SHAKING THE  …
KEEP ON STREAMING Should we all stream and aim to get at least 700K in 48 hours  …
#Indigenous people are tired of political failures that leave too many economically and socially deprived. Indigenous affairs has  a game of political football with no rules. The latest announcement from Ken Wyatt is sadly no 
7k! Let's get this great patriot to a nice even 7.5k, what do you guys and gals say? Pass it  …
every day is a fresh new start to be whoever you wanna be! ;) always remember that. change is fun, improvement is fun, life is fun.
I heard that dog got a belly rub by 17 year old Brett Kavanaugh without permission once.
i gave myself care when it wanted destruction. and that is when my healing began
yoongi fixing his pants thinking he is in his room,, as jungkook once "we are 
The way I love Kim Seokjin is intense I'm not even joking he is my baby despite being older than me and I love him so much he deserves the world and he's so adorable and confident and talented and beautiful and handsome and funny and kind and just.....
Also how awesome is that there’s the Morning Star flag in the Fiji Sun today? #FreeWestPapua  …
Take a tour of our spoopy decor 
I had two dudes open both double doors for me while I was walking out of a building and my hair majestically blew back and I’m currently wearing all black and wow I didn’t know I was so powerful
Thankful for voices of reason — especially happy to see @MelMitchell1 setting the record  …
saw the little prince 
We've got a dream team on Halo: Reach PC. Let's crush some noobs. LIVE NOW  
Futurama's Nibbler enjoys her retirement years. 
I’m definitely not condoning Baker storming off, but Tony Grossi is definitely a douche canoe
Lady  back winning the final 3 sets to advance on to the regional championship game. Go 
"Well this certainly puts a damper on the ole Plan A, doesn't it?" SPN RP, Arthur Ketch Freelance Assassin, Hunter Twin brother to Randy Ketch Descriptive / Literate Ships w/ very strong chem Smut in DM's only 
Mention this tweet tomorrow and you’ll receive $5 off of the Haunted 
This freedom is radical. Mary the mother of Jesus sings that the arrogant will be humbled; the proud will be ashamed; the rich will be sent away empty; the powerful will be torn down from their thrones. (Luke 1:46–55)
OMG this is straight up insanity. Who is @DrWalaaQuisay? A person with a heck of lot more intelligence and integrity than you or any of the low-gigahertz, endowment-angsters who slander someone like her. How about you shift your vitriol over here, dayyuths.
6. Corbyn and his team have waited until the time was right to say "The Tories  failed! The only way to unite the country is to elect a Labour govt., let us seal our version of the deal, then put it back to the people to decide."
WHY DOES NO ONE CARE THIS MAN IS CUTTING SHAPES IN THE STAND WHEN THERE ISNT EVEN MUSIC 
Day 1 in the books! Had pretty good energy and the kids came to work. Off to a good start! #PiratePride 
Insurers tell California citizens to drop dead: Fire coverage yanked from 350,000 residents in response to PG&E power blackouts and ‘fire risk-’  …
Just cus he lost this fight doesn’t mean he can’t fight . U win some, u lose some
The @Nationals are 3-0 when I watch the #WorldSeries at home and stay off Twitter. I am home. And goodnight Twitter. Let’s Go #Nats #FINISHTHEFIGHT #baseball #superstition
I asked my roommate to close his door so I could study. He said, “no, this is my house I can do what I want.” So I changed the wifi password because, “this is my router and I can do what I 
I will write to you While the night is quiet When there's no one else When you can hear me whisper I will write to you While the night is dead When everyone is asleep To say I love you.
winning remain this election, if that’s your goal, isn’t about voting for remain mps above all. it’s about getting labour into power and then winning that people’s vote. don’t shoot yourselves in the foot by voting lib dem where they can’t win.
The most significant "redflag" is the Antis see firearms as "WEAPONS " It's like the ink blot test . We see family heirlooms, fine art, tools to humanely harvest a game animal and precision instruments capable of great accuracy used  & sporting events with friends!
i truly don’t wish heart break upon anyone. It’s no joke .
Tonight’s 
Well maybe if #MoscowMitch wouldn’t block all of the bills & you weren’t all a bunch of  traitors who ignored Congressional requests to appear willingly, those numbers would be very different, you chickenshit coward  …
Today was @UVaWiseWBB media day! Listen to coach Jamie Cluesman’s thoughts on the  season:  … 
Stop dating people who don't want nothing to do with your kid. And stop dating people with kids if you're going to be shitty to them. It's gross.
my toxic trait is only falling for people who absolutely want nothing to do with me have i tweeted this before im experiencing this again im adding this to the list to talk about with my therapist goodnight
Can you please stop with the league of legends tweets? I followed you because you make degrade women and act like a hopeless virgin. If you continue I will have to unfollow you.
You are all going to prison with 
if you lose me, te jodite
Hi, my small children just ate an entire baguette of anchovy paste. Guess all that Enid Blyton finally paid off!
  Campbell County defeats Harrison County, 3-2 (18-25, 15-25, 25-9, 25-11, 15-7). Campbell County heads to Thursday’s 10th Region championship 
Got this text from my wife... “Of course our child hears the fox sports theme song and jets out of the bath tub screaming “THE GAME IS STARTING”!” #CoachsKid
eunji sent a congratulatory wedding video message to their previous manager~  …
I went with the Astros, but in all honesty, I have absolutely no idea what’s gonna happen tonight. This series has broken my brain.
Omg y’all, pray for me! I’m going to try my best to get the #ShanexJeffree collection! I hope it doesn’t sell out on 
Been doing some consideration about Twitter's ban on ads from political candidates. It sounds good on paper, but the fact is corporations—especially the corporate media—have taken on the role of political activists, mainly on the progressive left. The scales have been tipped.
If the shotguns are going to remain this powerful you have to remove overkill from the game. #ModernWarfare
anti: john hates kylo 
Ready to get the f*ck !!! ASAP! Photo by: 
The Pileus @thepileus If you think having: 75-year old nurses 75-year old builders 75-year old firefighters 75-year old bus drivers 75-year old electricians 75-year old lorry drivers 75-year old police officers is a good idea then #VoteConservative
pain is a myth made up by poor people who dont want to work
PLEEZE PLEEZE Utah. Retweet to save this precious 12 year old Senior boy. He is going to be GASSED.Save him retweet and retweet. Let him know love in his golden years.  …
making limited edition shirts for the art show hehe.
Praise Report: My goal was to get 10 new clients this month. I got 15!!! In addition to that I tripled what I earned in September in October! Y’all pray over November please.
I miss my man so much and let me tell ya... this weather isn’t helping. I just wanna be cuddled up with him
Thank you @joanwalsh: "Still, my overwhelming feeling after 48 hours in Virginia Beach is optimism. It rocked to see not one but two black female House members on the road, with supporters, campaigning for other women (and a few good  …
Katie Hill's husband says he was hacked before nude-photo leak  
let's be honest, that's an extremely cool  …
Sexiest Dodge Ram you ever did see! Cum fuck my tailpipe! XD 
A reminder that Syrians are constantly demonised by people living in democratic states for wanting..democracy....
Lmfao i gotta stay off this shit
Life is too short to be in a bad mood all the time
when he releases my people from cages you can try this  …
After Spike in Deaths, New York to Get 250 Miles of Protected Bike Lanes - The New York  …
Perfect // Ed Sheeran 
if a any stray kids member sees this i would like a hug, i am free this tuesday for hugs, please let me know if you are free this tuesday for hugs i want hugs
Woohoo, I won an @SPJ_NorCal Excellence in Journalism award and so did @berkeleyside! And I strongly  adding the other winners' impressive stories to your reading (and listening/watching) lists:   …
Love Jones hits different now that I've actually had a man follow me to my apartment tryna holla
With 4 days to go to the RCEP summit that PM Modi will attend in Bangkok, India keeps the other 15 countries in the pact guessing. Diplomats from ASEAN/other RCEP countries make it clear, the draft agreement is ready, they will go ahead. Reporting  …
RJ Barrett and his dad talking about him leaving his family at 15 to pursuit his dream... 4 years later he’s poised for greatness in the 
I don’t understand why any of this is still being debated. He opening broke the law, tried to disrupt the law process to keep his crimes from being found out. He’s corrupt, immoral and a sexual predator. That’s enough to get him fired. It’s simple, mr president You’re FIRED!
Be rootin Be tootin and by god be shootin, but most importantly: Be 
Just please let me win
Love  …
Kevin thinks the abuse directed at MPs is too much. Isn't he a rascal?  …
Preparation + hard work and open heart = gorgeous results
Toronto FC with a chance tonight to give Toronto fans a major league championship game for the second time in less than six months. Enjoy it everyone.
We went from 16th to 14th place on AAA in 3 hours, power Mbbs hold! Let's GET IN TOP 10 ASAP! Fighting! @OfficialMonstaX  …
After reading Sidney’s License to Lie, as Flynn’s new defense atty, I see that Sidney continues to rock the world of federal prosecutors drunk on power and think nothing of destroying the life of a US citizen for no good reason. Be brave, Sidney, and let it rip!
look... I gine in my 
EUC Masters Retreat: the conference you want to attend Check this out from @citrixguru and mark the date April 17-19 2020 in Scottsdale, Arizona!  
Instead of taking time for lunch I stopped by the Cavs incredible cafeteria on the way to the airport to make sure our Cleveland connections are tight. They are! Thanks for lunch Koby, J.B, Bernie and JJ! @KobyonHoops @Jbickerstaff79 @JustOutlaw  – at Cleveland Clinic Courts - Cleveland Cavaliers
Josh Jacobs and Tyrell Williams were limited in today's practice, but that's good news for the Raiders (via @BairNBCS)  
I cry every time I hear our National Anthem.
Living so close to the streetcar is 1000% influencing my decision to go out and watch Game 7 instead of staying home. Would’ve just stayed in if I had to drive in this snowy weather.
Thoughts on Deadspin: it has a spirit of fearlessness that started with @williamfleitch who wasn't afraid to take the piss out of anyone. That spirit lives on in every writer/editor to work there (too many to name). DS can't die, it is blasted like a shotgun across the universe.
John Brennan is already trying to justify his Treason ! Its time to get rid of the Unelected Coup Bureaucrats ! #WednesdayThoughts #Trump2020  …
Why drive to work when you can ski? I think this wins for the most Colorado thing I saw today #9News 
Who we going to trust? Scalise or Barb McQuade? I will ALWAYS choose the  …
GOP fundraiser publically exposed a white house pay-to-play scheme He urged other payday lenders to donate to trump’s campaign, “every dollar amount, no matter how small or large it is” trying to weaken Obama regulations on high interest short-term  …
I've updated the article about the Dublin concert with confirmation that "Digital River" was written by Paul:  …
We've gotten confirmation that Peter's suit, which is being gifted to Davy's daughters & The Davy Jones Equine Memorial Fund, has arrived safely on the west coast! Many thanks to Jennifer Anne Dawson for escorting the suit to its final 
THANK YOU!
Yep, that is supposed to mean LeaveEU account won't be allowed anymore to use Twitter  to broaden their reach. That should be interesting. Let's watch how it  …
Thank you so 
Not once did I ever feel The #StarWars prequels destroyed the ethereal nature of the Force however I can't say the same for #TheForceAwakens which turned the Force into a plot device/get out of jail free card for Rey & saw the weapon of a Jedi turned into the weapon of a 
But did you think Chelsea will beat Man Utd?
**IOWA MATTERS** #YangGang seize the moment! Increased Sign Ups on  means increased funding for the @YangWeek event! @AndrewYang acknowledges the importance of the viability threshold in #Iowa, do you? #DominoEffect 
Good night all! Appreciate your favs and retweets. Leave you with these words to ponder tonight. Till 
building office chairs is the most annoying shit in the whole world. It's such a basic task but its SOOOO tedious
My happiness is that every day thinks of him by heart and soul of myself. If without him, I will not learn love yourself. #JIMINinlove #JIMIN사랑해 #JIMIN괜찮아 #JIMIN고마워 #JIMIN하트 #JIMIN내입으로송 #JIMIN내식탁으로 #JIMIN #BTSJIMIN @BTS_twt : 
How many of you guys check out my music  Whether it be dubstep or indie I’m curious to know.
There are so many small, up  makeup artists that u could support but y’all stay supporting the most TRASH people who have been racist, transphobic, anti-semitic and generally rude. Could not be me.
I better put this up before the World Series starts. #WorldSeries #WSHvsHOU boo lock him 

Kamala Harris will be fine. She is still very much in the running to be the Democratic nominee for president. She is the most talented candidate in the field. Her campaign is not without missteps and the media’s coverage of covering a Black woman running for President is sad.
After fighting Abobo in River City Girls like six times, we finally beat him...then the game crashed and my daughter started crying
Release the Sorola cut
To Impeach Or Not Impeach, Democrats Don’t  …
Pizza. It’s what’s for dinner. 
FINALLY GET TO REP MY BOYS @Subtronics @svddendeathdub S/o 
I thirst followed most of yall so whenever yall dm me im like wow they want to talk to ME??? ? They know i exist??¿?
Let's go #Nats man I am SO  …
yes me favorite thing is kita and ushi but the implications that the seven of them live together in uni in a cozy apartment with a fake kotatsu cause they’re broke students and electricity is expensive in tokyo is a close second
I always give people more than they deserve then end up regretting it
carbon footprints are a capitalist concept and not how to address the fact that by livingin rhw gloval north your existence consists of exploiting the global south
Who’s on rn?
It sounds like a Halloween horror story, concocted to scare children out of eating too much candy. But in the late 1940s, people with mental disabilities were deliberately fed sticky candies to see what would happen to their 
And Australia too.. will tag latersssss!!! #MaineMendoza #IsaPaWithFeelings
Happy Halloween #skzhalloweencollab #Straykids #스트레이키즈 
BRUTAL Double Stomp by @DEMI_GODOFDEATH #DragsAndDropkicks #ANightmareOnWyckoffAve 
Oh lol and speak of the devil here he is stabbing Dr. Seward now
If we ever meet in real life could you please talk with tweets to make me  especially ordering food, thanks.
rivalry week is FINALLY here!!! the game will be at m______ @7:30. we’ll keep everyone updated on where and when our fun starts. the theme is and always will be a BLACK OUT!! it’s time to #whoopthatgoat !!!! #wearemalehigh #whatsagoat
HALF: Tennessee leads Eastern New Mexico 52-28 following a Zach Kent bucket just before the buzzer. Lamonte Turner leads the way with 16 points. Jordan Bowden chipped in 12. #Vols shooting 53 percent from the 
Worried you can’t micro target on here too?
I dont want nobody from my past , believe me
Katy Kluge ( @katykluge) is from Oconomowoc, WI (O-con-O-MO-walk). @SIU_Volleyball's aces leader learned to serve by using her brother's head. Interview (Part 1/2):  
They truly don’t like raising expectations and I’m even surprised we got a time for when the merch would drop
i know i haunt alla yall whether or not we romantically involved. its a gift and curse. get in line bew.
Actually True Damage is just a side project for Akali, she is still in K/DA just like Soyeon herself is also in G I-dle but also does collabs with, for example, Riot!
Day #1 a WCC. More cool projects and people #TRX #TRON #BNKR 
HALFTIME IN KNOXVILLE: Tennessee 52, Eastern New Mexico 28. Nine turnovers for the #Vols, but it got smoother as the half progressed. Could be better, could be worse. Why you play exhibitions.
Me refreshing Instagram right now trying to figure out why I’m still looking at the same posts from last night 
This is an *incredible* opportunity for an  designer. @Its_Gies is an amazing designer in his own right, and the folks who have had this position before have gone on to great success in sports design - definitely not something to miss out  …
Lightning striking south of Phoenix, looking north, during monsoon season by Scott Wood @Scott_Wood ~ Weather Photo Of The Week Winners 2nd April 2018 -  
Everytime I see a tweet from her I  you married your brother. I always  …
Another bad ass Scorpio  …
I wish I had 5 bucks for every journalist and law enforcement official taking screenshots of these #Giuliani tweets right now ... cc @MollyMcKew @AshaRangappa_ @sam_vinograd @JoyceWhiteVance @ChrisAlbertoLaw @Delavegalaw @tribelaw @DirkSchwenk
Mika when he reunites with yuu, only to see that yuu follows everything guren  …
Making the news in @kerryman_ie 
Aquarius or in the Chinese Zodiac I’m a Fire Dragon which is  …
Follow and retweet more women!!! @MrsRotnjetski @WaltzingMtilda @AmeliaHammy @Jlisa42067 @shamazing79 @shashigette @syl_capulet1 @MsD_408 @TMIWITW @jenvanlaar @Jennie_Agent99 @NopeNeinNyetNo @lgadbery @SheLa9876 @DeniseK_USA #WCW
I can’t wait to start speaking on college campuses next fall. I want my first stop to be Berkeley. I would revel at the opportunity to turn that safe space upside down.
me: *sees customer frustrated with where to insert their chip card* me: here ma’am let me *inserts their chip for them* these machines can be confusing a lot customer: oh you’re very forward aren’t u ;) 
kelley with a healthy  …
I'm very young More importantly, Kanye got millions of young people to type "JESUS IS KING" in their phones.
Legend Rep up animation 
[Review] Mike Flanagan’s ‘Doctor Sleep’ is a Beautiful, Shining Horror Masterpiece - Bloody  …
hey @JonahMarais follow everyone who replies to this <3
If there is something I've been waiting for since the dawn of time it's the meeting between James and Matthew #Father #Son #ADiscoveryOfWitches the wedding #DianaBishop can’t wait #Patience #MatthewGoode 
Brennan also says: 'It would have been derelict...absolutely derelict for the intelligence and law  to not pursue this.'
literally one of the prettiest endings to an album me 
A haunted house but instead of demons you’re a woman and you live in Ohio and the state is trying to take away your reproductive rights.
 … Austin Texas school district teaching kids how to have anal (gay) sex
i move mountains on my own, don't need nobody 
My pumpkin turned out so 
Everything you  back around in another form.
According to a team source @blue_coats are nearing local television broadcast deal w/ DETV Ch28 to put all home games into over 400,000 households in New Castle, Kent and Sussex Counties. Broadcasts will Include pre-post game content and weekly show programming. @BlueRouteTPL
Cody Johnson singing the National Anthem is the most American/Texas shit i heard all day
When is @realDonaldTrump going  on the California wildfires?? Asking for millions.
Any ideas on what I can film with it? So it’s not just me calling my girls lol
I’m sure those other girls where nice enough but you need someone to spice it 
Sorry PM Trudeau, I don't believe this to be anything other than another one of the butts/telford op-eds. Was jimmy in the category of asking for more than you can give too? God bless our vets and shame on our  …
Time to take up another adventure, this time for the sake of some grub, and see where it leads you by retweeting this to enter our #Giveaway for the chance to win a Fairy Fencer F: Advent Dark Force steam key! You have until Saturday 
We've got some really great news. The new episode of Baroness is available for you to watch right now on @CBC Gem:  
So I know a lot of you already know CCU will be shut down next semester. That’s mean the season is canceled and sports will no longer go on. If anyone could help me by Sending My Basketball Highlights To Their college coaches. Whether it’s juco NAIA or D1 or D2. 
bangtan would be so hype in the club  …
ALEXA GIVE ME SLOPPY TOPPY
Can we move on from the man bun already, 
NEVER TAKING THIS OFF!!! Can’t wait to support in cougar blue thank you @lizdarger  
Just about ready for the @EdmontonTwitch Halloween party! Can’t wait to see all your costumes! #yegstreams 
Watch this 10000 times Most significant pitch in baseball since Jackie Robinson's 1947 debut FYI  …
#ImpeachmentIsComing #StrongerTogether I believe ALL people are created equal, no matter their religion, ethnicity, or who they love. Well, all but one group...for further info, see visual aid below. I love a midweek party. I’ll even bring a great resister: 
Breathed the same air as Tony 
i have decided to stay at deadspin. i’ve been promoted to editor-in-chief (i am the only employee left)
Now do the video like her  …
ARTICLE: Starship Mk1 arrives at launch site ahead of flight test -  … UPDATES:  … And awesome VIDEO of the roll from Mary (  …
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH @parscale can’t handle it when he’s not controlling the narrative. What a baby you  …
when you’ve finished that one thing you’ve been procrastinating on for days  …
I’ve said this before but I love that Russell caught sexy from Ciara. Remember how before he was looking like your uncle don from the  …
psychology majors be like I got a mental illness due at midnight
Bud's explosion off the ball here. 
She learned from one of the best!  
Lets trend 2 hts, y not Blessing after blessing #IsaPaWithFeelings3rdWeekNa #MaineMcDoMuzonIn23Days
California's NIMBY-Wildfire Nexus - The Atlantic “California’s housing crisis has exacerbated its wildfire crisis, and its wildfire crisis has exacerbated its housing crisis. That vicious cycle is nowhere near  …
How is this possible? Paul Petersen, the Republican assessor of Maricopa County, Arizona, allegedly lured pregnant overseas women to the United States, where he then allegedly imprisoned them, and then sought to sell their newly born children for  …
terrific  …
Some of y’all weren’t here for the that week in March drama or even the June video drama but the crap Dan got for hinting at videos and not being ready to release them for 6 months to over a year later is a valid reason for him to not say anything until he’s basically posting it
SEALs do box breathing to ease autonomic stimulation and vagal tone. Practice whenever you can to help you  …
Barstool is pure garbage
CNN analyst throws doubt on the idea any military officer would tell Trump Baghdadi was crying or begging  …
thanks for telling us now!
never 
Attempting to resist getting another book and then knowing I will 
Democrats are violating House Rules by  transcripts from members of Congress. @RulesDemocrats didn’t like @michaelcburgess’ amendment to require full disclosure. RT & tell them to #followtherules!
Trump insisted that the rough transcript of his Zelensky conversation left nothing out. He might have ‘set the trap for himself’ by doing  …
WVC Girl’s Division 1 First Team All-Stars: Dallas: Sarah Krokos, Kanisha Cheshire, Kristen O’Malley, Megan MacNeely, Ali Francis, Emma Sweitzer Wilkes-Barre Area: Dani McGrane, Allyse Filipowich Wyoming Valley West: Chloe Chipego, Kennadi Josefowicz, Kylee Laudenslager
HAPPY 
Starting vs Washburn #KStateMBB 
Dems gather for impeachment 
Thank you @DearEvanHansen and @foxtheatrestl for one of the best nights of my life last week! And thank you to the amazing cast and crew for telling this beautiful story especially @_stephenanthony and @LaRochelleSteph! You Will Be Found. 
the 2019 NFL draft may have saved Caldwell’s job imo 1. the good Josh Allen 2. Jawaan Taylor 6. Gardner Minshew that’s three (albeit, potential) franchise cornerstones, and some intriguing pieces in Quincy Williams and Ryquell Armstead
What could go wrong  …
What a game!!! Congratulations to our Regional Champion Field Hockey team!! @PHSFalcons18 
#Georgia QB Jake Fromm with a serious tone Wednesday night, looked and sounded even more focused and determined than usual with rival #Florida looming  …
October 30: Selena Gomez seen at JFK Airport in New York, 
#ABC7Chicago has a short video of the protest, only problem is the #of protesters was grossly exaggerated. 6,000 not even close. See if you can find me. Watch to the end. 32 second mark. ABC7chicago cut the rest of me off but you can see the 
Frankentoes! #frankensteinpedi #halloweenpedi #prettyfeet 
Strange habbening near the GGB this weekend. Power out 72 hours. No cell phone reception. “Forgot to put Emergency batteries on the cell towers.” Wanna buy a bridge? Hours of large transport helicopters flying to and fro. Muir Fire at Slide Ranch there’s a creepy place. And booms
