Just 2 qUiRkY girls in the 
Costa Rica is one of the few countries that considers social progress as a key metric of tourism industry success. That’s why tourism industry entities, including luxury hotels, are encouraged to train and hire 
Ummm im going to leave this one right 
Our #13 with his first college homerun, 2 run blast to left!! #B1GCats 
The #Rams have slipped from 1st place for the first time in the Sean McVay era.
Kyoko and Misako from @WayForward game River City Girls. I really liked this game, it was a fantastic beat em up! Loved it playing both single player and co-op. If you haven't played this game yet definitely give it a shot! #RiverCityGirls #Kyoko #Misako 
you're tellin me that peter parker isn't 
As Clint Eastwood says in Unforgiven, "Deserve's got nothing to do with it."
Gustavo Bou with the best finish you'll see all week.  …
WATCH @TheScoreWQAD tonight at 10:35 to hear from the Assumption volleyball team. @welchykylie @stratmanjessica @claires02 @BreVB17 @KnightsAHS 
I’m a dad now 
sir mabait is the most wholesome teacher.
All four games  down to the wire. As @TexansVoice writes, the #Texans fell short on Sunday. »  
We really about to start the whole week over again :’)
People who take Twitter seriously #OddThingsThatMakeMeLaugh
This how big my glasses gotta be to see all the lil dick mfs in my mentions 
that "make me" shit will make us both parents if you don't stop playin
Thanks to all the college coaches as well as volunteer team coaches at the showcase today. Great first year @HAMFamTraining event. Excited to watch it grow.
Giveaway The winner will have a choice of a shiny from the picture below and will be announced next weekend Rules: Follow me Like & Retweet Tag 2 Friends Good luck! 
twitchcon has left me so full of love and great energy. Seeing my best friends, meeting new friends, meeting all of you guys was so incredible feeling so lucky to live this life with all of u. countdown till next year, also I’m never drinking alcohol again xoxox CHIKEN girl
Mfs quick to scream they don’t fw somebody but forget to mention the only reason they don’t fwu because u don’t fw them cause of the fucked up shit they did!
i love 
PNW is beautiful 
In other news tho I had a lot of fun and a lot of people got really happy to see my dark brotherhood cos. One dude had me assassinate him upon request and a worker there said “I know who you are... hail sithis” so I had FUN regardless
Bird 
When my girlfriend call me by my name I go deaf . I’m baby
I bet if Trump was caught consoling Kim Jong Un The GOP would insist there was no "there there" RS
Have a great Monday morning everyone And a great night's sleep Should be a very exciting week Another very happy week Goodnight See u all 
i really can’t believe this is the life i am living. i am constantly surrounded by so much love and support. i am truly so blessed
pov: you said stanley uris was 
Just like my, your, everybody’s Cleveland Browns, Looks like I prevailed as top of Falnation with a win!!!! @Babchik @EvCoRadio @AGBerg12 #falnation #mdsr Where is my participation trophy???? 
i’ll never snitch on you 
. @LanaDelRey’s ‘Born To Die’ is charting on the iTunes chart! The album was released in 
Mohammad Bin Salman: The assassination of Khashoggi was a mistake and I have to take necessary actions to prevent something like that happening again in the  …
He plays with speed, strength, stamina and heart. Can you say early first round draft pick? He’ll be one of our Forever Tigers!  …
Gonna be a good Friday for me! #Repost @jencloher New dysonstringercloher song With My Hands is out TODAY! Listen and watch via the link in bio our album drops this Friday 4th of October make sure to pre…  …
I'm not about to take someone's tweet nd make it my own. I just ain't. If anything ima just Rt it
All the grassroots stuff we all tweet about. Some canvassing some table at local events me talking to everyone everywhere I go about him lol. We are the people the power. It’s more than the media even knows about.
It’s the time of the year 
Y’all bitches would die without friends idgaf who don’t speak to me.
Clean up those cans please
First live - Bruno Mars  …
4 elite defenders and 3 elite scorers. Plus a good bench and a great coach. They’re the team to beat
it’s literally my fucking self 
#OddThingsThatMakeMeLaugh Your face
FAMU females once they get their hair done this week for 
U.S. Inequality Reached Highest Level in 50 Years: Census | Time Say it with me: “Thank you Federal Reserve and unpatriotic politicians who’ve  in growing the inequality divide.” h/t ⁦ @ritholtz⁩  …
I asked this bitch, she must like what she see 
Hey. Give me your Birbs and Griffin/Gryphon/Griffon characters. Imma draw them on my free time. SFW refs please. Followers only. <3
In 5 months, this dam outside of Mudgee is now down 2 almost nothing despite rain last week I'm sure NASA will be beneficial 2 all farmers in NSW mid west & northern regions! If Morrison wasn't so enamoured with impressing Trump, would he have volunteered our money 2 Space 
Kim, Kanye, North & Chicago leaving their hotel in NYC, NY on September 29, 
Can the Man of Steel and the Dark Knight defeat the Earth's Mightiest Nightmare? Share your thoughts on BATMAN/SUPERMAN 
“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.” Dr. Martin Luther King  …
This how  from now on...y'all be 
Just wanted to say how much I appreciate you guys for sticking with me. You are 
not this video 
RaceWalking 
When you realize the Dolphins can't lose next 
Final in Columbus, #NYCFC has clinched the No. 1 seed in the East and a spot in the CONCACAF champions league thanks to the Crew’s victory over Philly.
Well, that went well. It's all up to him now. Also blew like 100k in a melt and fries for my brother while we talked. Time to cook something because the only thing I've ate all day is 2 omeprazole pills and a  …
Everybody doesn’t fit your future. No matter how much they fit your now. That’s the harsh reality!
Megan meeting fans tonight (via ⁦ @htxkel⁩’s Instagram 
Guys, this is just an observation but-- I don't think the president of the United States of America is handling the stress of being the president of the United States of America very well.
Business trip #4. 
Wasn't the finish we wanted, but how could we not highlight this buildup? The lads just having fun out there. #UpRising | @MovementR Move of the 
me (the joker) to my girlfriend (also the joker): babe... we LOVE in a society my girlfriend (the joker): my heart is twisted for you,
I need sleep and no human contact for roughly 24 hours plz and thx
“I think Putin pays Trump” - Kevin McCarthy 2016 
there is a fire that lies beneath the skin's disguise
literally forgot this was 
Actress Kangana was at her candid best at India Today Mind Rocks 2019! The Queen of Reinvention, Kangana said that sex is still a taboo in our country, "Sex is an important aspect of everyone's life. When you want sex, just have it. Don’t be obsessed with it. She said, not me
"The cowl is familiar, but I'm blanking on the face." - Joker Fear of Victory 
Good grief Joe. Who in the sam hell do you think you are to tell news networks who “to book” on their networks. Your campaign is floundering so how bout you focus on how your going to gracefully bow out of this race to save any semblance of  …
The X-Files starts right now on  #TemptingFateRPG 
Last place BABY lets go! I don’t play in  fashion, I don’t play ranked, and I don’t play well, so of course playing in a mostly pro lobby was going to be rough. I’m just honored to be the first to die.
And I have no doubt that they will go on to put on more INCREDIBLE shows with insanely talented people, both in the ring and behind the scenes. So to them, I say not only good luck but a special thank you for giving me a night I hope I never forget.
I firmly believe that the Indy’s are the backbone to our industry. And many of us are born there and will “die” there in one way or another. So how fitting that as I finish that chapter of my life and start a new one, so does @GOProWrestling. Lastnight they put on a helluva show
Just got baptized
Choose words wisely.
my kink: i’m attracted to men who play w my feelings and treat me like shit
Montana Governor declares state of emergency as rare September blizzard pounds Rockies with 3 feet of  …
Everyone that’s stopped at my merch table to buy something, everyone that’s stopped at my merch tabe to just talk, everyone who’s wanted a picture “real quick” THANK YOU! Last night with @GOProWrestling was my last official independent booking.... for now
As I've mentioned before - I'm NOT ruling LOTR out as a REALLY THAT GOOD topic, but I really do feel like for awhile @thelindsayellis has set the bar so high for LOTR video content it's going to be awhile for an angle worth pursuing to  …
man telegram is too much sometimes 
So now that I’ve finally had a minute to sit still and gather my thoughts... I just want to say thank you to all the fans that have been with me till now, new fans just joining the team, every promoter that has booked me, every wrestler that’s shared the ring with me.
Our final Los Angeles show of 2019... your final opportunity to see the EP1 phase live in concert... right here... on Twitter tickets here:  
where’s my never getting 1/5 squad at
You are Beautiful, You are Amazing, You Really Are, Shine Bright, Beautiful One. 
I bet that's water and food coloring, no sugar, no flavor.
Will the whistleblowers form some sort of symphony? Suggested title: "Variations on the Theme of Hogwash," by the Collection of Random Anti-Patriotic Fools Looking Over Our Duly Elected Representative's Shoulder (CRAPFLOODERS)
Quick, before the sun goes down and social media goes away: L’ Shana Tovah to my Jewish Community. May you have a sweet New 
MY MOMMA JUST CALLED ME TALKING DAT SHIT ... I TOLD HER SHE AINT MY REAL MOMMA AND HUNG UP ... ITS FUCKIN GO TIME
At this point I think procrastinating is just a personality trait for me so I’m embracing it
#اليسا_احنا_سندك And we will always be  …
I’m whole as a person, flaws and all.
baby 
Walter, this is just...gorgeous. Taking a break from writing a brief about the government using cell site simulators with a pen register trap and trace warrant and...needed a little legal erudition.
The sunset is amazing. The golf is amazing. Riggs Vs Bandon 
Same 
Tonight's magnificent #KeyWest sunset from Mike DeFrancesco. The #FLKeys can expect lows in the upper 70s with NE winds at 15 mph increasing to 15-20 mph. Also, partly cloudy with a 20% chance of rain. A small craft advisory and a coastal flood statement remain in effect. 
RIP 
Great season for the Twins winning the Central Division. Now they need a greater post season. All Twins Fans are with you all.
 … bought some Gucci for my favorite Atlantis and Prac Cord Admin
Like this edit!! Imagine them in a drama 
If Syphilis’ fingernail moves even a millimeter, it’s gonna puncture poor little Chlamydia’s boob.
Extremely odd behavior.  …
ITLL ALL BE OK IN THE END IF ITS NOT OK ITS NOT THE END
Went stargazing last night with Corey. She took this photo and I added the 
BREAKING: 6 months and 2 beautiful babies later, my work wife  back to work 
Before you sound off about massage parlours tomorrow. Take a few minutes to listen to sex workers and those who support them on the front lines. These workers deserve to be safe and harm reduction has to be paramount. Have an open mind.
It’s so crazy cause I actually make the same face when I sing this  …
And I am Army Proud!! 
suce le
Can I charge the FEDS with theft?
During the KTSM Weather Fest, @ClintISD released a weather balloon, and it captured part of our crowd! Check out the design we formed on the ground, captured from several feet up in the 
Trump derangement syndrome in action. Get over it and wait to vote. Stop acting like a child.  …
I'd rather have a part my skin burned by a branding Iron, than those dollar store Gremlins
No doubt bro you're a pilar in the  and deserve it, people who dont know you are missing out, you help everyone and deserve it 1 thing I know is you always willing to help and always a great help when needed thank you for everything you  …
Biden is "Demanding" that TV networks no longer book Rudy Giuliani on their shows. #1 - what will the media coverage be for this? #2 - will TV networks obey their master and better? Wait and 
Isn’t she lovely ? 
If you had told me the Ravens would be 2-2 through four I wouldn’t have been shocked. What is shocking is that Lamar has 10 TDS against 2 picks in that span and the defense has been a huge problem. Weird start to the year for sure.
#ihadztotweetEDU #CTLeduchat #clearthelist Q1 - How do you foster a positive and  in your school? Comment with Answer 1 (A1 + ALL hashtags) and @alb_kris_10 @royal_ali @mskendra6 @ahadzovic2018 will gift @the end. Gifting is optional. Have fun!
Da Fuq!!! Those tacky grocery bags are not free where I’m from so I’m getting my whole 7 cents worth. Period. #BagTax
Price still going up .... GB ON FIRE 
We. Don't. Stop. #Crew96 | 
Corporal punishment is a crime. If I can’t hit an adult, why is it then possible for me to hit a child? Discipline =/= Inflicting Pain Adults who think corporal punishment is a good thing often argue they themselves were hit when they were young. This sick cycle has to  …
Astrelle and Ume! :) 
Started college but I still feel 12
video killed the radio star but it’s tiktok killed the podcaster send tweet
Jesus H Murphy. My reaction to THAT. And this whole sorry situation.... #broncoscountry #JAXvsDEN Cc 
There are very few questions I more than, “Mom, want to go for a 
LMAO HE SAID “LOG OUT”
Why would anyone take life or career advice from this failed irresponsible christofascist Menzies-Howard wannabe?
A line I just couldn't help but share from a review: "There seemed to be no chapter left untarnished by sex scenes in great detail." :)
I CAMNOT STOP 
Even when I was elected I was willing to buck the system! Stand in the face of injustices! It ain’t shit a battle rapper can say to me! 
I’m conflicted a/b my own tweet. To call it “white feminism” to emphasize the “supremacy” aspect is important but misleading since being white & a feminist aren’t mutually exclusive. Let’s call it “bourgeois feminism” instead, as it’s been known & described as such for centuries.
Dear future boyfriend.. FIND MY DMS.
My favorite so happy for you Rojo keep  …
30...in the name of God does a criminal investigation of a man for allegedly taking bribes as a public official in 2012 have ANYTHING to do with members of the board of directors named in 2014 to  owned by an investment fund of the guy alleged to have taken bribes?...
Crazy to think that Posey and Bumgarner never played at the same time as Bonds. #SFGiants Also, the year 2030 is closer to us than then last time Bonds played baseball.
Fairie princesses eating waffles in Eldraine’s hottest brunch 
If you want to be like everyone else, do what everyone else is doing: - work a job they hate - buy a couple cars with loans - buy a large house you don’t need  to your friends/family about everything - live paycheck to paycheck - argue over politics The American Dream
my face is smoother than me trying to pick up men 
Students - you should be focused on your classes, not on how you’re going to pay for them. So we’re going to help with bigger student grants, and more time to focus on your career or your family before you have to pay back your 
Great to have the support of @BorisJohnson @JamesCleverly and @drcarolinej at our #CPC19 @Women2Win party tonight. So proud of all these incredible women (and men) who are helping to change the face of the @Conservatives party. Thank you @Baronessjenkin @Mark_J_Harper and 
twitter quality finna ruin this 
Alaska harbors so many beautiful views – including this bird's eye glimpse of #CoralPrincess! : Whittier, Alaska : Luke Davis 
Well @60Minutes is already fire.
LeBron James' iconic St. Vincent-St. Mary high school basketball jersey is up for auction  
Langston Students Book With Me ig: bookbeautybyangel @trt_langu 
Actually, based on your ever expanding promises list, we can’t afford to go forward either, especially with  …
"So, how's this Sawyer Fredericks simger/songwriter/producer guy?"... #HideYourGhost #performer 
Media day tomorrow (1pm MST .. you can watch/listen on @UtahJazz website + listen on @ZoneSportsNet) Training camp starts Tuesday First preseason game Saturday Oct 5th Jazz basketball is back!!!! #JazzNation #TakeNote #NBA #NBAMediaDay #JazzMediaDay 
Pretty bitch, bad attitude.. 
Last hours to pledge for all September rewards including Hakufu ero photoset! Don't miss it!!!  Have a wonderful sunday everyone! 
Today we  our new alphas to the Pi Palace! We are beyond excited for all of the new beginnings we will share with AC ‘19.  home ladies and happy bid day! #BeTheFirst 
hate it when people say “FICTION =/= REALITY” yeah no fucking shit, ur creepy drawings AFFECT reality though
IT'S SEPTEMBER 30! Don't forget #Dara in #Paris' Twitter Live tonight at 8pm KST! #AskDARA #TwitterBlueroom @TwitterKorea @TwitterFrance @krungy21  …
First GIF that came up when I searched for 'nuthouse'! 
And no one got the right caption. "Don't trust Dave when he has a camera "
#RHOP starting right NOW!!!
im not trans my pussy just fell out
WORST SCENARIO... Trump is impeached. Pence is sworn in. Pence pardons Trump. Trump runs in 2020 wins and Pence returns as VPOTUS... What do you 
Reasons to be my friend: 1. I'll gas up all your selfies 2. I'll actually respond to texts! 3. I am unapologetically awkward 4. I always wanna be there and support my friends through anything
Today was an absolute blast! Thank you so much to @HEB @TurtleBeach @GameStop @LSVanguard for supporting the event! We couldn't do it without you! And Thank you to all the wonderful fans who came out to the #AeroParty! We wouldn't BE HERE without you! #AnteUp 
i love 
1st IN THE EAST!!!!!! #NYCFC 
I need honest opinions on this: should vocal synthesizers be allowed to be silly?
the handmaid’s tale just get crazier and crazier bro why are this grown men marrying 13yr olds PLEASE
tell me how my dad is gonna start getting cute puppies AFTER i move 
Brought up & groomed to be a No-voting Tory, learned a bit about my country's history, now on a more positive Yes-voting #ScotNat path  …
taehyungs best color on him is white but it’s fitting considering he’s an angel
How do you properly end a long hot day of sweating your face off at the track?? Walking in the door to your house and being greeted by a thermostat that’s reading 77 degrees! Looks like my A/C is like me... it’s had too much of this oppressive Summer heat this year.
The worst advice you can give to someone who’s going through so much is to make them feel bad for being sad
thinking about shy jungkook peeking in hobis vlive and hiding behind the door . im def. not crying or affected by 
Sketch - @Chris_RWS Lineart, Coloring, and Shading - @TheKaiVA Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to do this collab with you! I had so much fun with it! Here's the final 
my skin looked mad good 
Im just trying to hype u up after your fresh fades man
Lost in the shuffle: Joey Slye scored 10 points today. Here’s a 55 yard field goal, made to look ridiculously easy. #Panthers #KeepPounding cc: 
Thanks Glasgow! Support tonight @StandGlasgow was the brilliant 
Yes saida is cute but look at Dahyun patting Sana at the end with her sweater paw uwu 
theyre arguing 
Dare I say "babyyy" has as much impact as the g note. RDD is the  to the Black Parade of Kpop
Alexa Play ‘Drugs You Should Try It’ by Travis Scott 
My sister-in-law's dad has been missing since yesterday after going for a hike near Nashville. They need more volunteers to help search again tomorrow. Prayers and thoughts are  …
Happy birthday to former Gael @CalvinHermanson! One of the best shooters in program history with 254 made 3's to rank nd all time #GaelBirthdays 
"This year I'm going to start my assignments early!" AHA GIRL YOU THOUGHT
 … Only 
One of my favorite @patmaroon moments 
you know what u guys love to talk shit about rosé and undermine her capabilities and downplay her mistreatment but the second she leaves blackpink and that groups falls apart you all will finally realize how important she is.
"THE HATERS" #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha 
Tufiakwa. This show should never ever be that deep. God forbid.  …
Nobody gives a fuck you don't have kids Kylie you're not that important  …
i don’t ever show my face on here.. but my birthday is in 6days 
Soroka finished with a 2.68 ERA that is the lowest by a qualifying MLB rookie since the Marlins' José Fernández had a 2.19 in 2013.
i like dr. 
Matthew 24:12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Blessed to receive an offer from Murray State University! #goracers 
Perfect delivery  …
Your projection is so clear I can see the polyps in Putin’s ass. #ImpeachmentHearings #TrumpRemoval #TurdReich #RepublicansForImpeachment #TrumpResignNow
If you swipe long enough they all start looking the same and your standards will drop to an attainable level
@JohanBBT @zappafaye @cellmavin @qblacklock @wrayzors @badhopper @Just4BeerLovers @JasonSchwalbac1 @RealBMaxwell @lhtetrick @DRE_Go_Fish @madsen414 @wolv54b1 @beerguypdx @afrobeerchick @b33r_g33k_55 Holy S$&@! @clownshoesbeer Amazing beer. Smells like Caramel 
Tyrants cling to and abuse power in both presidential and parliamentary systems. Tyrants loot, torture, maim and kill in all systems. The problem is not the system of government. It is tyrants. Remove them through a revolution and assume power over your lives. #DespotsMustFall
Lmao now because you're the kind that doesn't acknowledge their mistakes you go ahead to dig up old shit to justify your actions? ey who raised you people
#FarewellGLP So many memories at GLP but many more  for the  …
I watch a LOT of TV. IMO, this is the best show on TV. The Black characters are actually written like real Black folks. Sooo good. And this scene got my heart. Deja has been through so much. She deserves some happiness.
Made it to 23 @whitesox games this year--including on our wedding day, my birthday and my first Opening Day. Not bad considering I only went to my first game last year to try to impress @75_DanBrown. 
Stop Expecting “YOU” from other ppl
No. No one is above the law and no one should be allowed to cause mass shootings he has with his messaging. DJT has a piper to pay.
I've decided I enjoy slippers now.
I heard you bitches was lookin for me.... 
I am soft at how everytime Byul walks towards us, she really took time to look at each and everyone of us as much as she could #MAMAMOO #마마무 
About to be a Cowboys fan for a few hours.
Who else noticed the Tacha’s effect on Jaruma Instagram page growth...from 540plus to 650plus within 48hours...abeg tacha is the clout #Titans #Tacha700k #WorldTachaDay #EverythingTacha
... And that might have rippled outward, because House Rs were latching on. But now POTUS is "helping" with his Twitter. Eagerly await to see which handpuppet will use the "right to meet his accuser" line first. Just, sigh. Sigh. /2
First birthday without my mom feels so weird it’s a strange sort of severing when the one that gave you life no longer has it. I am finding it hard to process.
Tyler Perry stealing ideas from Shonda Rhimes. You hate to see it.
There was a moment this wknd when POTUS's wordwizards thought they contained some damage by giving base this narrative: "the CIA changed the rules otherwise the whistleblower couldn't have reported so clearly Dems are over their skis, Biden is dead, POTUS will be re-elected".../1
Can I eat your pussy to gangsta music?
IN tHe hUnT 
This is it folks. This is impeachable stuff, right here. He's deliberately running up the offenses faster than Dems can write the articles. Trump is in full-blown nihilism mode. He is burning the place down and gonna take a lot of fools with him. Cc:  …
Is it dreamstate yet
“LET’S GO EAT!” - @demario__davis #Saints 
Harry made so many people very happy today, he looked like he was really enjoying himself at the gallery, I made a wonderful new friend today and spent the past five hours having an amazing and deep conversation with another new friend. Today was a good day
#60Minutes .....you’re 
One of the goals in Wash DC is to paralyze Trump over the next 13 months so none of his successful agenda can continue..Then run a 2020 about the gridlock caused by the Scandal.. Nice Try.. It will not succeed..Media covers this since it fits their view of our POTUS.Trump wins
The "Princess" herself Ezra Miller for Dazed Korea 
All smiles when my momma is in town!!!  …
He think I’m cute he wanna have sex
Beating the Broncos was the first time the Jaguars won in the Pacific or Mountain time since 2008.
Because the only predators that matter to them are those who operate out of pizza parlor basements that don't exist.
red bottoms #promare 
Will only get worse. The man who occupies the most powerful office in the world is currently intimidating the whistleblower on  …
This be me watching United these  …
In other words, you can do whatever you want depending on who’s throwing the stupid Hail Mary  …
Shinhwa's Hyesung drops first highlight track  album  
Atlanta United clinches the #2 seed with a matching result to Philadelphia next week: -Win vs NE -Draw vs NE + PHI draw vs NYCFC -Loss vs NE + PHI loss vs NYCFC
It might not disgust so much if, upon hearing she may have Native American ancestors, she had explored their culture, spiritual beliefs, medicine, celebrations, history, and spent time with them. No, she used it to get into Harvard and ignored Standing Rock.
He fights back like no other Republican Breaking: President Trump DEMANDS to Meet with Partisan CIA “Whistleblower” and White House Leaker!  … #NahBabyNah
Adam Schiff should also be under protection after Trumps threats.
People talk about like…"jokes", that 4channers and racists make, that are sort of testing the room? They say something awful, if you nod they proceed like they meant it, if you're appalled they explain it was "just a joke". This is like that but with legal orders to a government
*listens to music that reminds me of you*
I feel that my creative strengths lie in subtler practices, such as careful editing and scripting decisions, and that's what I'm excited to explore. What a wonderful opportunity this is!
at some point we really do need to talk about how nearly every campaign and consulting firm have taken the lessons of Obama’s digital revolution and stomped them into unrecognizable mush six feet under your spam  …
Kareo ji sarey support @apacheindianhq #sukhe #janni @Speed_Records @ivitaminv @inatashasuri 
Too horrible to contemplate, that we will be stuck with the utterly inept, frequently cruel LNP until.. well, when? @AlboMP and particularly #Marles not cutting through. So much at stake here. @tanya_plibersek @LindaBurneyMP @MurrayWatt @SenatorWong @KKeneally  …
alright the toxicness won... catch me at airport w my babies
#SFGiants players are throwing balls to fans in the crowd and Crawford just put one in the third 
Good to be back in the car today for the last Test Day before the big race. Great to be able to share our @redbullholden special livery too 
Joe Flacco’s interception kick started the whole thing
@TwitterSafety @Twitter @jack @GOP @FoxNews WHY DOES @POTUS GET TO MAKE THREATS THAT CAN HARM PEOPLE AND NOTHING HAPPENS TO HIS ACCOUNT??? SERIOUS QUESTION!! CONTINUES TO HAPPEN AND TWITTER DOES NOT SUSPEND HIS ACCOUNT!! WHY NO ACCOUNTABILITY FOR HIM, BUT ALL THE REST OF US???
Sean McVay’s gonna be giving hand jobs off of 5th and Figueroa before we know it. #BoyGenius
Ask an idiot a question requiring studied knowledge and thoughtful response, and you’ll get a boldly idiotic answer. Because an idiot isn’t just unknowledgeable,  oblivious to the fact that he could be wrong, and happy to let everyone  …
A weather delay couldn't slow down @ColumbusCrewSC. With Philly's defeat, NYCFC lock up the East's #1 seed in the Audi 
me two weeks ago: successful full length 24 hour stream. diamond 2. 50k likes on one tiktok me this  going into  after 14 hours. 3 diamond accounts sitting at 0 lp ready to demote at the drop of a hat. posting league of legends lore memes
The work is done. Ready for fight 
I know you all already knew he had a relative he was going to drag into his bs. "No offense was intended, he said, and he apologizes for any ill will and for his poor choice of words. His own grandson has Asparger’s."
Call me crazy. I think Tommaso Ciampa is in the conversation for one of the greatest heels of ALL time. His 2018 run was unreal and game-changing.
Keep your religion off other people’s bodies, Chrissy. Go spend your time and money taking care of the babies your Republicans are holding in concentration camps instead of harassing people who respect women’s human 
the hand scene was not anne and gilbert! 
A Shore finale. #Chessies #ChesapeakeShores @jessemetcalfe 
The Broncos have lost 8 straight games dating back to Week 14, 2018. They own the longest active losing streak in the NFL.
I find myself disturbed by udderless eyelashed Lactaid 
I know you all love toxicity in VS mode... so here's 34 minutes worth  
"I didn't want to ask but you were crazy in love with him until we started dating... Or maybe even after it. He already told you he wanted you and we were broken up for more than four months. Sometimes I thought you just... got back together." He admits through his explanation.
When Mark decides to set fire to the Internet, he does not "force" around. Can't not love him for it. 
Check out the video @dendoll has shared with friends on their way to the rehearsal 
Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa has called on world leaders to do more to halt the devastating effects of climate change on small island  …
I work for everything I want & I really get everything I want. That’s crazy.
Why give him any platform?
i could listen to her talk all 
If he is not held accountable for stealing the presidency, and his family not held accountable for their crimes, nothing in America will change. The corrupt will continue to steal and cheat without fear of reprisal. There MUST be consequences.
Oi boi ! Pikachu mu ni ahhhhhh. That is a fast lane , eventho the bike was fast you should know that using a signal and merging at the same time is not how you do it. If that bike use emergency break with that current speed. You will see charizard flying tho.
Sad when we have to protect patriots from our country’s attorney general.
Morocco allowed 600,000 tons of radioactive waste to be dumped on the sea floor off the coast of #WesternSahara. This is a serious crime that must be  …
It isn’t often I post personal videos, put I found out the gender of my first grandchild today. To say I’m excited to meet this child next spring is an understatement! (The child is being born into a Tesla 
Puppy sponsorships are up on my website! They’re available at a reduced Prince, because they’re not on the main team pictured are Snafu, Beret, Purple, and Snow White!  … #mushertwitter #puppies #sponsors #sponsoradog 
Hey, #PortlandME folks! Did you know @doctorow is doing an event at the Portland Public Library downtown tomorrow at 6:30? HE IS and you should go!
The NBA is about to be back. Be sure to follow along with our very own @JBlevinsNBA, @KlineNBA, and @JackDuffyTPL for tomorrow’s media day. @JBlevinsNBA - Philadelphia 76ers @KlineNBA - Atlanta Hawks @JackDuffyTPL - Charlotte Hornets This is going to be fun!
Fruit basket. Just being there. By Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, born on this day, in Milan, in 
100 bobby pins, a whole bottle of gel, & a can of hairspray 
they’re always photobombing each other’s fan pics i cant with 
dark promare show me the forbidden lio backstory,, i wanna see his burnish Awakening,, if he has a family,, how long he's been on his own,, how he got that sweet bike--
It was a long  finally got to meet 
And it’s a wrap! #gordonginoandfred @itv @Stephenville, Texas  …
so much 
Wow ,,, very glad Trump will he able to find him when it is time to lock him up ,, was the mistake with Hilary as she escaped to the Wood’s and has not been seen since except to Murder
This is going too far bro. 50 Cent had one of the best introductions (if not the best) in hip-hop of all f*cking time.. And he did it without the help of social media.  …
Everybody folding at the RIGHT time.. y’all gone HATE me 2020!
Just play prevent next time. It's too risky to rush the quarterback when you are the Denver Broncos with a  …
I got to meet @harrisonjaime today! I heard him speak. I saw our future in his eyes. He is the real deal, and together we are ALL going to #SendLindseyHome !
Can't wait for the new Guilty Gear trailer to give me 50 seconds of Sol and ky pressing buttons and 20f of elphelt getting cut in half by kliff undersn
We too old to be saying “ oh that’s just how I am “ no... self-evaluate yourself and work on being a better person
IM IN 
how the fuck am i supoosed to tell people to be a fan of skeppy without saying "stan" skeppy i can't think of another word since that one is taken out of context so much and i don't wanna be accused of things either
So many fun adventures in #SanDiego this year hosting for the Charity Stage, parties, burritos and meet you all and moar! Thank you #Twitchcon2019 c’ya again next year 
The Royals will have the No. 4 pick in the Draft next June.
Good. That appears to be a rational fear. Hope they are safe.
you’re my four leaf clover 
#Rockets are basically Last Chance Hoops Saloon for former No. 1 overall pick Anthony Bennett. “I’m doing everything I can to maintain and get better.”  …
Me watching 3 TEs dominate the game today and they didn't belong to 
debuted the out-loud pronunciation of “açai” i’ve been working on..........needs.......more work
68 pass attempts. There will be lots of weirdos trying to justify this or “Rams still almost won if ____ happened” yada yada. Your QB should never throw 68 passes in one football game.
the existential realization that the inevitable intimacy of relationships is required for validation but also makes you vulnerable to another human 
nah this was too funny 
Channeling Julian Edelman Rex Ryan wouldn’t mind an entire foot in his mouth
This person must be protected 1000%.
Which 5 accounts would you suggest to a friend who wants to learn the history of #TrumpRussia all the way up to where we are today? Mine in no particular order: @LincolnsBible @ninaandtito @tburages @traciemac_Bmore @karolcummins These girls keep me sane and informed.
Grand Finals vs coL Job not 
Didn't think this needed to be said but please do not assume my color swaps are representative of my ships. Majority of the time I'm literally just doing it because I thought the characters would look nice with eachothers colors.
well if it aint my favourite picture 
Having it “all under control,” is often times a mask worn by people wrestling with, not only their own struggles, but those the hardships of others saddled onto their psyche, because they’re the ones with, “the answers.” They’re the ones that can “fix it.”
A Fresh New Beat  to town January 2020!!! Mya and I will officially be out numbered by the boys and Junior is stoked to be a big bro to “baby bro.” We are expecting baby number 3! #partyof5 #BabyDavis3Jan2020 
Mesmerized by the whispers of night, Drunken within the forlorn dreams I am still on my own tonight to gaze at the mist for the translucent moon.  -- #GPOSERS 
Wanna cook dinner for 12 fine ass dykes and then let them all fuck me afterwards. This is pms hormones talking, I am not responsible.
Philadelphia’s loss essentially means Atlanta United suffered no damage with a draw this evening. A win would have enabled Atlanta United to clinch with a PHI draw next week but that’s about it.
Such a disappointing result, but no time to dwell. Bigger matches are right around the corner.
I paused and rewound the clip. I’ve never heard Dungy say anything positive for the Patriots before.
took a picture of the food i made for dinner tonight but unfortunately my bare feet appear in the photo so i will not be posting it tonight. im sorry for the inconvenience
Love and loss: Standing by a pitbull that may have caused a man to lose parts of his limbs and could cause him severe illness 
Damm we really got school tomorrow
Why doesn't anyone ever send me to MY room??
Onward Spartans! Onward Spartans! The Spartans claimed a 28-19 win over the Bartlett Panthers, and Brandon Allen (12) was crowned at halftime making history for this Football 
Nobody in the #NFL is more deserving of being fired than @johnelway. But, without having a structure at the top of the #Broncos organization capable of holding people accountable, he won’t be. This will get much, much worse before it gets any better.
Discriminatory LGBTQ demonetization found by systematic testing of YouTube video titles. "This is LGBTQ terminology like 'gay' and 'lesbian' being the sole reason for a video being demonetized despite being perfectly acceptable  …
omg is lindsay lohan like okay  …
I got reasons why I tease 
Thank you. @NickRimando 
Cardinals' loss to Seahawks should signal time for Steve Keim to start packing  …
With Columbus’s win against Philadelphia, WE CLINCH THE EAST!!!!! WHAT IT DOOO BABYY!!!! 
Celebrate a great race by @KevinHarvick with a Bloomin’ Monday! Make a pitstop at Outback to receive a free Bloomin' Onion with purchase on Monday, September 
Freshman Year of High School Vs. Junior Year of College 
Thank you for taking away the pointless “0 touchdowns”
Gracias por tanto 
Doctor says, "Treatment is simple. Great film Joker is in town tonight. Go and see it. That should pick you up." Man bursts into tears. Says, "But doctor
Ion argue on social sites , I bat hoes in real life.
squishy ice bear 8x10 canvas $25 shipped dm to 
President Trump said Sunday night that he has a right "to meet my accuser," the anonymous government whistleblower  against him had led to an impeachment inquiry, and also wants to know the identities of the WH employees who fed information to the whistleblower
Absolutely lovely gesture my dude! But you don’t need to spend crazy money on things like this! Yeah it’s nice but if it isn’t necessary, don’t stress yourself over it
Meet my accuser': Trump wants to confront whistleblower, aides who provided info  … via @washtimes
CBS butchered nearly every fact about the 1936 throwbacks and the story around why they were chosen and why the Bears released their video. @NFLTNF can make amends when the Bears wear them Dec. 5 vs. the Cowboys. Please tell this story  …
REMINDER: More than 90% of Americans support background checks on all gun sales.
Betsy DeVos: Intellect devourer. Foul creature that hates all sentient life and feeds on the intellect of any  within its 
Last fair picture since my vacation is over 
Are the #WildNOut rookies tryna replace the vets? 
We  climate change. We can end our gun violence epidemic. We can ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care. It’s all within our reach if we unite this country. There’s not a single thing we cannot do — together.
The oil and gas industry intends to spend $4.9tn over the next 10 years, exploring and developing new reserves, none of which we can afford to burn. Every year governments subsidise fossil fuels to the tune of $5tn #KeepItInTheGround  …
You gotta mary a broad whose face is a 10 and whose body’s a 6, or a 6 face and a 10 body. Which one?
Adam Schiff just said on #60Minutes that  will be issuing subpoenas to Rudy Giuliani for documents. Expect an unhinged meltdown on Twitter. 
Petition to bring back the best friends list.. a bitch is  …
NEW DROP Diesel Official - Reasons (Official Video) on @YouTube Tune in Like, Comment, Subscribe, and let me know what’s up Link:  
Beats me. He says it’s because he wants to stay relevant. It’s one thing to crave power and proximity to the throne, it’s another to go right into the tank the way this guy did.
If the West ever separates, it will in part be due to Trudeau's empowered senate in which BC and Alberta have 6 senators each while QC and Ontario have 24 each  …
My birf day finna be 
We wonder what kind of "protection" and from whom. The same people who "protected" Epstein?
We've had nuclear fission for over half a century, it works, reliably and safely with over 17,000 reactor years and just one major incident with fatalities from a reactor design that was the Hindenburg equivalent of this technology. Use what we have. Now. Immediately!  …
Why I did not quit my 
milfs are the glue that holds the universe together
Thank you for an amazing Sunday. You always keep me feeling like Blair Waldorf it’s back to school season, which means a lot of you will be getting school girl skirts and headbands from me again! 
One more hour until season three of #DECLASSIFIED premieres on @CNN! 9 p.m. ET/PT.
Exhibit A of tonight's star power: @A_kamara6 and his cleats (via 
Updated version with music.  @physedreview @ILESPhysEd @foes4sports @holben_pe @pe_wces @teenaxfit22 @MsChesser12 @TammieGirl2 @GarfieldPhysEd @Dadaughtrey @bb32155 @JessZimm99 @CostainRonette 
Uraraka in the Bakugou Residence, talking to Katsuki's parents: Uraraka: Mr and Mrs. Bakugou, I would like to marry your son. Masaru: Of course, but why isn't Katsuki the one proposing? Mitsuki: Honey, the youth are very different. Mitsuki: You have my fucking blessing, dear.
Team is scheduled to land at 5:45. Kaiser Air, Earhart drive near OAK
This challenge was not deemed worthy of a yellow 
LOOK: Valenzuela City deployed #LibrengSakay buses for  today to offer free 
My life is a joke lol
After 297 presidential debate questions without any on the national debt, many are demanding that candidates be put on the spot regarding how they would  …
I want something like this for my next birthday  …
My 3yo is dipping his tomatoes in honey. Bidding will start at 5$
Shout out to that Baby Kanji blog that I haven't touched in 
McVay hasn’t been pressed by the media nearly enough through the first 3 weeks about 30. Today wasn’t load management? Explain what the hell it was. Your QB had the 3rd most attempts in NFL history. No shit he had 4 turnovers when the defense knew it was pass every time.
Let’s make this a twerk 
No I want them all held accountable
So Minshew gonna win rookie of the week again huh?
Quick bonus clip from last week while covering the @RCGCWSoccer team. Siera Rivera talks about the program and the great group of young ladies there. @RCRoadrunners @siera_rivera20 Story on the RCSJ Soccer  
You’re not QUITE understanding the game
The only 1 spreading hate and fear is you deranged leftist who cant get over a few speakers disagreeing with you so you boycott an entire event honoring a fallen officer. The rest of the country realizes looney socialist California is the only place where that would be partisan
“Duck” here is Minnesotan for  …
Another memorable night at The Fortress! 
Now this gets emotional, when the cows start DANCING ! #GoVegan And they get to grow old with dignity. #vegan #AnimalRights #friends #friendship #MondayMorning #mondaythoughts #MondayMotivation #Monday #MeatFreeMonday #meatlessmondays  …
Ejected on Sunday, Raiders LB Vontaze Burfict could be suspended on Monday -- and his history (>$165K in fines last year alone for illegal hits) will be a factor 
wait but this leaves out the most important part... it's bc he was eating 老婆餅 which literally means "wife  …
Trump said the whistleblower & his/her witnesses are spies and that spies were treated very differently back in the day. Do you feel trump is threatening the whistleblower and other witnesses with bodily (or other) harm? PLEASE VOTE AND RETWEET
We fact checked Scott Morrison's speech to the United Nations. Here's what we found  … via @abcnews
Why is MBS getting a national platform to spread lies and propaganda?
The severe storm about 75 miles to the east near Cornudas is easily visible from our office in Santa Teresa since it's so tall. #nmwx 
While I'm over here at 25 with a hurt 
The daily work to move our country forward makes us invincible in the face of lies and manipulation. We have the moral strength, the industrial capacity and the support of the peoples of the world to build the Venezuela Power of the future. We will 
Day six of Goro week: Childhood/Family I'd like to think that Goro looks up to Robin and secretly considers him as a father figure. #GoroWeek2019 #persona5 
A new addition to my S3 #WynonnaEarp #EarpsolutAds : #AbsolutKate 
Who’s ready fam? Let’s get my favorite shit show started! #90DayFiance #90dayfiancebeforethe90days 
Forever thankful for what our creator created. Our planet is literally 
ThE rEfS lEt ThE jAgUaRs 
buds ask: chuck why only have son jon edit once there are still some spelling errors why not edit 4 times? i say: why not make jons rotten sing more in tune or kurts cobain play guitars more in time. NO WAY BUDDY gotta have a punk rocker author someday might as well be chuck
My heart in human form 
Who are you?
@carrieunderwood don’t mistake my flashcards for a sign but I still love you, I just have a pharmacology test at 8am tomorrow 3 hours away... 
Gone but never forgotten 
Inequalities in heart attack care 'costing women's 
rt and your fav will follow you soon
I just saw you speak in person, and I am so inspired to get to work! #ForThePeople #Oakland 

hardheaded didn’t want to go to ER found out Mancer had a collapsed lung since yesterday, waiting on word for when I’ll be back love y’all
Fantro for @ConsequenceYT (@ConsequenceYT and I will follow you ) Likes and Retweets 
Although one year ago, but all the memories never fade out I still hate all the hurricane I still miss my seat on the 1st row I still love you more than ever @YoshikiOfficial #台風24號 #XJAPAN #紅に染まった夜 
Incredible courage from this  …
LAST 5 NIGHTS! 
I'm tougher than Trump and I'm a fat nerd who  books
my heart is hurting :(( 
Missingno takes over owl thank you @Cake_batter_ for the megamind 
6. 1 year ago: Looking back on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi  … #axiossneakpeek
I don’t do drugs nomo dawg lol it’s neva  …
Great truth in Comedy! Love this guy!! ⁦ @AndrewYang⁩ ⁦ 
Ravencoin is the 14th largest market cap of mineable 
Spurgeon: “Take it as a standing miracle that there are any godly people on the face of the earth.”
Steady Credit Alert this Week for me and Everyone  Across this Tweet Speaking it Into Existence!
His tats childish  …
Jones clearly lead with his shoulder and Josh Allen ducked his head down it’s just more anti Patriots nonsense.
“I remember when they first invented chocolate” 
Flexible seating done well @WhittierLBUSD! It doesn’t need  from a teacher store, it just needs to be available for students to choose how they learn best! #allmeansall 
Actions speak  …
Thanks for the love Philly. You guys were freakin great tonight
L’shana Tova to all our Jewish friends celebrating #RoshHashanah. May the new year be prosperous and filled with joy!
When I’ve read “State Dept. intensifies email probe of Hillary Clinton’s…” I felt as if maybe I was going crazy. Is this really happening? Yes. Yes it is.
post oe arc #Splatoon2 
Top Offensive Performances this Weekend for Canes 2021/2022 South: 2022 @troyer_gavin .571 AVG 4 RBI 2021 @landon_mcm .444 AVG 2B 3 R SB 2022 Tristan Smith .429 AVG R 2021 @benfreeman55 .333 AVG 2 Doubles 2 RBI 2 R #TheCanes
watch  …
IM SO UPSET AND MAD AT GILBERT. NOT ONLY FOES ANNE FEEL LIKE NO ONE LOVES HER BUT HE’S FUCKING IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE ELSE. THIS IS SO OUT OF CHARACTER IM HEARTBROKEN
I’m so happy I am a part of @vnshgg
Images of the Honourable Minister of Communications, @DrIsaPantami and Director General of #NITDA, @k_inuwa, during a LIVE Radio programme on Progress FM 
Couldn’t resist making this meme after seeing my TL today. 
To be under federal protection because of safety concerns, means that Trump, his henchman, or Trump supporters have threatened this person’s life/family. I never want to hear them talk about the left being violent ever again.
There are a limited subset of principles that translate – things like "don't frivolously spend money you don't have" – but trying to run the Government like a business is a really, really dumb idea I say that as someone who's run a business for 7 years now 2/2 @Cinderforgsword
No surprises here, you can censor our voices, but guess what, you cannot stop us at the voting  …
What a great read and I’m not even done! Thanks @janssenleader and Greg Dale. 
Still in duck mood and working on some new art but at least I can show some old art from 2017, guess it fits good into my twitter timeline.^^ Morgana Macawber and her lovely family. I did this for Duckvember on tumblr, prompt was Monster Duck. #Disney #DarkwingDuck 
Threatening to have him/her executed is why there are whistleblower LAWS! Get an actual attorney to explain it to you like a two year old. #toostupid2beprez
I’ll fix you with my love 
WE DID IT BABES BEST IN THE EAST LOVE THIS CLUB
Why did Lily Tomlin not win all the Oscars on the planet for this performance??
this COME UP PERSONAL
Ran this back liek three times when I first heard it 
I think Scheer  into his own. Definitely the only one that puts Canada first.
Spidey feeling very melodramatic  …
BREAKING: President Trump Says He Wants Rep. Adam Schiff 'Questioned at the Highest Level for Fraud and Treason'  … via @gatewaypundit
This article explains exactly why Progressives find Elizabeth Warren unacceptable as the Dem Party Nominee. I agree that Liz will not be able to defeat Trump even if the House does impeach him. Bernie Sanders has a mass movement behind him, EW  …
Only for the current federal charges and in exchange for testimony under oath. They lie deal ends. It cannot apply to state charges or any new fed charges. They must also pay America back! Restitution!
Buccaneers win. Franchise record. @MrBucsNation watch party at @BWWings was a success. What a good day. 
Got home just in time!!!! Y’all ready for the reunion finale?! #rhop
just cause i never post on here heyy yall 
It’s pumpkin season 
My three lowest priced items are birthday stickers pencil grips and a book  … I’d love help getting any of these items that are all under $8! Thank you for helping to #clearthelists 
ive always hated short answer questions because writing hurts my hand and also im autistic and its really hard for me to understand what they want the answer to be?? i would write two words (which was a correct answer) and then fail the quiz because i didnt explain enough  …
JAIL. ELECTRIC CHAIR. LIFE 
So far, for me, this is the best kilig KIANO has ever done! Kia is jz her natural self when beaten..and gino altho he won, he felt bad and with natural instinct, he went to hug the love of his life! Ctto vd @iamginoroqueiv 
Can these horny men stop making these fake ass sugar daddy having no money ass accounts? Thanks.
He asked for it, he got it 
i miss my mom lol 
My favourite part of this whole thing is that Bowman dumped Bubba and wrecked his car because Bubba gave him the middle finger a few times... Remind me to never drive near Alex Bowman. #NASCAR  …
Thank you Bill!  & was successful. Result: you failed. 
atinys trying to handle at the new content  out from ateez, the concept photos, album track list, kcon stages, the collab kcon   
You got 26 likes man c'mon.
I dont care if this was a bit big I bought  goddamned practice jersey(?) today at this insane vintage store in providence. Remember influencers and fashion icons, the 'it' look for fall is well worn vintage hockey 
The @Jaguars’  victory today against Denver was the third-largest in franchise history. “At halftime, we talked as a team, ‘We’re going  back and we’re going to fight our way back.’” - Head Coach Doug Marrone
This is our revenge #EverythingTacha 
a friend asked why I eat so many sunflower seeds: rich in magnesium anti-inflammatory rich in anti-aging vitamins helps hair & nails strength lowers cholesterol benefits nervous system boosts metabolism high lignans & phytosterol: prevents cancer.
Twitch can inform me that 29 views on my last stream came from searches. I wish they could also inform me of what those people were searching for...
The Mets' 46-26 record in the second half is the best by a team that didn't make the postseason in the wild-card era. Last one that was better? The 100-win Orioles in  …
Today's Gospel: Jesus said to his disciples, "Whoever receives a child in my name receives me and whoever receives me receives the one who sent me. For the one who is least among all of you is the one who is the greatest" @iam_ginghs @chie_chie26 @MarleneSalsona @bffmaine15
#AndysResume "I'm the unknown stuntman that made Eastwood look so fine."
TwitchCon 2019 was blast! Thanks everyone for stopping by the @respawnbyrazer booth to hang out with us. Until next year! 
They’re showing Days of Thunder on the big screen at @CLTMotorSpdwy. If you don’t have an FM radio to tune in, it’s cool. I can recite it for you, shot by shot. #Roval400 
Alabama is ranked number 1 and I am upset. This is what it’s like to be a Bama fan nowadays smh
All 2019 Emerging Leaders close out day one with a group photo overlooking the San Francisco Bay. When this many  together, anything is possible. Cheers to 
we're getting my dogs try on halloween costumes 3 in less than 30 days everyone stay fucking Calm 
And it's real from head to 
The Weasley’s Tablecloth after escaping The 
I’ve given up trying to keep up w all these CBs that are happening but at least I’m a Multi and I’m getting fed 
ok this might be corny but it genuinely makes me so happy when people tell me i have witchy energy or they can tell i practice from just looking at me
My dad found a pup on the side of the road and she has no microchip or collar so we get to keep her :-) she’s a 3 month old German Sheppard & weighs 5 pounds & she makes my heart so happy!!!  to the fam baby shep 
Finished a  for 
My son who lives on his own in a different city, he has cooked this Ratatouille niçoise today. Left before baking, rightafter its cooked 
@SpeakerPelosi & Dems want to impeach @POTUS no evidence no investigation no wrongdoings Washington D.C. is a non-stop fight for Righteousness Freedom Life #SpiritualBattle #ImpeachmentHoax Rabbi Jonathan Cahn  
I support CUPE Education Workers. All are an integral part of our system. Join  …
you won’t do it someone else will
Smears and manufactured outrage are already having a huge effect on people’s perception of our political landscape. We were manipulated on social media in 2016 and we are also in 2019, and we will be in 2020. It is up to us to read past clickbait and investigate. Do it.
actually i love that shit. quite frankly it taste  …
Broncos starts with the letter B Bad starts with the letter B Coincidence? I think not Send tweet
How strong is a Model 3 roof? Fellow @Tesla driver Bernie Daigle found out today. The car protected him & his 2 year old who walked away unharmed. Video shows how it happened! Photo via Bernie Diagle jr  #Tesla #LikeTesla #ModelS #ModelX 
+ and self discovery at 38 yo! I'm so inspired by their artistry and depth of their musical abilities. They are so sweet and caring. They are my new inspiration to open new chapters in my life's story. Thank you again for appreciating our #JHOPE and @BTS_twt
Per Sagarin, Buckeyes have played 22nd best schedule, far better than bama or Clemson. Of top ten, only auburn has played a tougher schedule than  …
since i’m on corbyns timeline reply under this tweet and maybe corbyn will see it & follow some of you! #PlayWhatAmI @corbynbesson
THANK YOU @Zenithbs and @Tylo33_Games FOR PLAYING WITH ME TO GET 1K TICK!! THIS IS MY FIRST 1000 TROPHY BRAWLER AND IM SO HAPPY 
And I mean its a lot of season left but right now today Id have to say Barrett is, or should be, the leading the DPOY candidate. Where would the Bucs be without him? Watch the film when he *isn't* in the game and you will get a good idea of that answer.
STREAM WHAT AM I @1013KDWB #PlayWhatIAm @JonahMarais @jackaverymusic @SeaveyDaniel @ImZachHerron @corbynbesson
I predict that there will be items in the item shop tonight
Ed Oliver says if the #Bills score 10 points they have to hold the other team to  – at New Era Field
Aunty @AishaYesufu who always berates @GEJonathan and mommy @obyezeks that were chief advocates of BBOG, what do you have to say about this? Shouldn't you give GEJ some  …
hey @b97 pls #PlayWhatAmI BY @whydontwemusic
I FUCKING LOVE YOU 
Sinclair stations are airing pro-Trump propaganda about the impeachment  …
Sent that invoice  Year 5 #SSU #SSUX19 
Lots of pregame action happening in Champions Square! :  #DALvsNO | 
Tiffany is so pretty and 
Good conversation on topics ranging from #culture, #security, #startups, #401k, #fintech and of course, #SunMicrosystems. Thank you 
i might just be a dumb bitch but i think that their dubbed voices sound really similar to their subbed voices and they both sound good,,, why are people shitting on the  …
i am having a shitty day so im buying myself chocolate
@Z100NewYork @New1027 please #PlayWhatAmI
Leonard Fournette just rushed for 225 yards in Week 4, though he did not score. That's the third-most rushing yards post-merger without a touchdown. #Jaguars
Seriously though, where does anyone get the idea that the "default mode" of the novel is "bourgeois realism"? That's certainly not what early novels were, nor is "realism" in general the dominant mode of novels around the world or in most time periods.
Happy 84th bday 
Met a legend an icon and the funniest man on the planet. 
You want to end your pain but actually you are transferring it to someone  …
we OUT here at B stage!! thank you @laneone, I’m super pumped already!! #HappinessBeginsTour @jonasbrothers 
Two weeks ago: Not enough people support impeachment. Today:  …
Fangio On Fournette rushing for 190 yards in second half: “We got pushed around, he’s a big back and broke tackles and we got whipped.” #9sports
me when a guy i always used to curve gets a 
This Woman Hates Gay People... But Not For the Reason You Think!
TO ALL IT MAY CONCERN: How this Whistleblower is treated by EVERYONE in the next few weeks will determine how many more will do the same brave thing  forward. Let's treat him/her/them with the utmost respect, decency, love and especially concern for their safety
The impeachment inquiry into President Trump was launched after a whistleblower filed  based on a phone call between Trump and the president of Ukraine  
Lowkey sad af but you’ll always see a smile on my face
3rd grade me when she let me touch her butt at PE 
Running is freedom 
Of course ... given the threats spoken and tweeted by the POTUS.
Lions fans still crying it’s damn near 7 cook them kids dinner and get they ass ready for school tomorrow.
this COME UP PERSONAL
Bobby Wagner: Jadeveon Clowney looked 7 feet tall tipping that INT to himself for #Seahawks TD. Or maybe it was because it came against sub-6-foot Kyler 
you deserve the world @krbe please #playwhatami by @whydontwemusic @jackaverymusic @ImZachHerron @JonahMarais @corbynbesson @SeaveyDaniel
Khalil Mack's BEND on this play is why I tell defensive linemen to hit play on Janelle Monae and do that 
I hate making up scenarios in my head and hurting my own feelings
I thought I wanted a boyfriend, but I actually want to be single bc y’all don’t know how to behave .
Quiet down stupid heart.
we got fed so well last episode we expected the same treatment this week but instead we got gilbert on a date with a girl that’s not 
highkey pressed that i can’t see without glasses. such an inconvenience.
"There's a lot of fight in that dog." — #Jaguars OL A.J. Cann
I will be on Fox News DC with @BrittMcHenry this evening at 11:30 EST! Tune in!
WILIN OUT 
"A federal judge blocks Trump administration from ______" are the most meaningless words ever. Nearly every single injunction against the Trump administration issued by an activist judge has been overturned. These are pro-ACLU judges that are hardcore Liberals.
We had a blast yesterday at #GoPoolVegas with the one and only @MYAPLANET9. 
I love 
. Smoke and Mirrors EU takeover of entire British Armed Forces, Intelligence and Security and Police on November 1st the day after alleged  …
not to get political on the timeline but ketchup doesn’t fucking belong on sweet potato fries
Tomorrow I’ll be all moved in to new house, then will be getting Wifi set up this week, then the grind continues
What an amazing shot. It works for the fans, it works as a troll of other teams. It works as advertising for the next manager and free 
your family be the most toxic people but no ones ready to admit that
a fucking  …
4 more  …
I DIDNT THINK THEY WOULD HAVE IT AND WHEN I TELL YOU I STOPPED DEAD IN MY 
Rudy Giuliani Wrecks ABC’s Stephanopoulos. Giuliani cuts 2 the heart of the Ukraine narrative & rips the legs out from under the Biden-Ukraine defense & beats Stephanopoulos over the head with the truth hammer. Obama + Biden = Ukraine Hanky  …
What the fuck are you talking about? You admit to it. Your lawyer admits to it. Your Sec. of State admits to it. Your Sec of Treasure admits to it. Your Acting DNI has admitted to it. You released the transcript and we read it with our own eyes that you did it. You’re an  …
Thoughts are an amazing thing. You can manifest so much with them. Speaking of that...for all of the people who believe god said “let their be light”, do you believe he actually spoke it like they say he did? Or do you believe it was just a thought?
As a West Indian, every time you go away it’s always “WhAt yOu bRiNginG BaCk fOr mE?” Man sym
Nicki Minaj at the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fundraiser talk about a LOOK 
Don’t forget to stream Mabagal “Mabagal" by Daniel Padilla and Moira dela Torre | One Music PH Choice f...  via @YouTube
It seems like every constitutional provision must have its misrepresentation at some point in the Trump twitter feed, so today we feature the Confrontation  …
Matthew Stafford on his injured hip: “I was okay. I was out there, I was playing. I’ve played through a lot in my career. Like I say, work a long time to get opportunities to go out there and play. I don’t take any of them for 
Finally grew some balls to actually ask Liv out and it’s the best decision of my 
awae can’t be cancelled after s3 please
Im my happiest when im walking into Target
In 2013 this was a paved turning lane & traffic Island. By 2015, we transformed it into a bioretention parkette #greeninfrastructure 4 people & planet! #AllMyRelations #WaterIsLife #Sustainable 
Kawhi getting booed at the #Rams game. I think we found out why they lost today. #lakeshow 
my headache. 
Thank you, Cynthia. This is EXACTLY what I try to  …
A take as hot as a microwaved Impossible burger - about my love/hate feelings about the new meat and the power of  …
If u believe astrology is not valid based on the 0 research u’ve done on the subject then, to me, ur opinion is invalid and I couldn’t care less what u think about the legitimacy of my beliefs
LOL WE JUST WON THE @BORDERLANDS TOURNAMENT AT TWITCHCON. WOOOOO!!! My teammates are the GOATs. @VernNotice @HexorMarhetbar @Retr0virus11 
72 questions please
I just want to hear #WhatAmI @Kiss951WNKS @KissRoyBoy @maney_radio @LauRenMerola @themrlshow @AJonKiss951 can y’all #PlayWhatAmI by @whydontwemusic plz
Doug: “I’m happy as hell, but I’m exhausted” Me too, Doug. Me too #Jaguars @FCN2go #DUUUVAL
Yeah the Right are having a contest in D.C. this and last week. Who can Shit Speak the craziest, wierdest, stupidest, dumbass, false lying bullshit. sg
Dion Dawkins ( @DDawkins66) says this #Bills loss doesn't define anything and has a message for the haters: "Keep hating. It's just one 
Breaking News The Whistle Blower is under What.....? Protective Custody Fears for their life? @POTUS Sir, if your not watching turn on 60 Minutes! Just the beginning of the Bullshit! 
missing my 
okay let’s just skip to  and bayou classic
Let em know with the eyebrow flick 
I just know that Daniel has already started recording for his next album. #KangDaniel #강다니엘
Since the opening game debacle, JW has played solid to great to elite football in the last three games: 67/103 973 yards 8 TD's 2 INT's  percentage Passer ratings all over 100 He needs to keep stacking these good performances together. #GoBucs
13: Mommy, want a piece of gum. Me: No thank you 13: Will you please take it? At least open it. Me: 
you niggas always posting “SINGLE” but never post “i’m a cheater” or “i beat bitches” advertise the real y’all
Wishing a sweet and joyous New Year to all of our Jewish brothers and sisters celebrating #RoshHashanah in Virginia and around the world! L’Shanah Tovah! #SpiritualWealth
this could be 
You misspelled “The United States” pretty badly.
Shout out to everyone who was raised on carnation instant breakfast.
You’re a dime plus ninety nine 
That natural look 
guys who dont care about being “corny”  …
Insane trickshot from @Moonlightbrawl Literally ed on the fr 
You see this med school? I will pass. I will not die ijn. I will conquer you.
Jimin, the sleep paralysis monster pt.3 Dream pt. 
As someone who still regularly makes Frankie Muniz references in 2019, the fact that he’s horny on main over Lizzo is top-tier content for me.
Leonard Fournette had himself a career day 
See y’all on Nov  …
this is simply incorrect. some people  dependent on weed in an unhealthy way, but this tweet is clearly 1. not thinking about people who need weed for pain, anxiety, etc. 2. not considering the fact that you do a lot of things to   …
Saudi Crown Prince says he agrees with Pompeo oil-plant attacks are ‘act of war’ by Iran — Of course he does, but no one else believes it. LOL  …
The Whistleblower is the greatest and bravest living American, he/she should be protected at all costs
Wishing everyone a happy and sweet New Year! I hope 5780 brings us a more humane & caring country. Shana 
Here is a quick tinker tails doodle lol for a doodle break! #doodlebreak #tails #sonicthehedgehog 
Clean my boy. Now buy a ticket befo I  …
 has posted the 49ers as 3.5 point favorites vs. the Browns next Monday.
I'd give my life just to hug him and pat his 
one big happy 
BIG 
Five minutes until the season 4 finale of #ChesapeakeShores! Are you ready east coast #Chessies? Grab your tissues (and your snacks!) because this episode is my favorite yet! Here we goooooo..... @hallmarkchannel @SCHeartHome
people who go thru your Instagram and meticulously like only the selfies are braver and more virtuous than the troops
Nancy Pelosi is a good reason to reconsider having women in any position of authority. Then again, so is Adam Shiff for brains.
Thinking about Dr. Shabb*r rn... One time I went to her office hours and after I asked her for help I said by the way my name is Francisco, and she said, ”okay, and?”
#BREAKING: Multiple Representatives from the House went to Ukraine on August 24th. Rep. Adam Shiff had the #WhistleblowersReport at the time. He went as 
I cannot express how much I love 
Me: I'm so exhausted, can't wait to go to sleep. Stomach: <rumble> Eye: <twitch> Back: <throb> Anxiety: Yay! WebMD, here 
In case you 
Extremely excited to say that I’ve been offered by @JovonCoachG at Hendrix 
More kinder gentler politics from the left ... threatening Tories and effigies of Tories hanging As a Tory member this underlines why I am one. Nice of the Labour activists Momentum to tweet the picture as well 
aesthetically 
In the months since the Tree of Life shooting, not everyone in the Pittsburgh  has agreed on what it means to be “stronger than hate,” much less on why the attack happened in the first place. @emmaogreen 
New truths  through around relationships with this New Moon in Libra energy. Many will be looking back at old relationships and seeing why they didn’t work out at that time as both parties were acting out of old wounds and projecting. As the veils lift and you can
Those statures are impressive witness of the Buddhism propagation through the Silk Road @PicsSilkRoad #SilkRoad #Culture  …
No deal. Life in prison, forfeiture of all assets, we will agree not to execute. No deal for kids. At all.
U.S. Inequality Grew to Highest Level in 50 Years: Census  …
i will unfollow and block anybody who says  …
So @Jack9Flaherty should be at least in the Top 3 for Cy Young Votes He put together an absolutely phenomenal season Can't way to see what you do in the Postseason!!! #STLCards #TimeToFly
CLOWN 
Such a refreshing weekend @mmtconference . Exactly  I needed to find right now and I'm SO excited to have made so many new friends until next year! #MMTConf19
this is when you’re in a party and you made a new friend 
Why didnt @ewarren fight for the courageous Native American protesters of the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing  …
Why The U.K. Government Was Right Not To Bail Out Thomas  …
In N Out 
Today's Gospel: Jesus said to his disciples, "Whoever receives a child in my name receives me and whoever receives me receives the one who sent me. For the one who is least among all of you is the one who is the greatest" @irmaroxas3 @angie090472 @MaripiPilar6 @serranodmarie
“Choi is the best teammate I’ve ever had. He always puts his teammates first.” — @SFShock’s @sinatraa on #OWL2019 final MVP @Shock_CHB after sweeping the 
"I know he's a rookie but nothing phases the guy." — #Jaguars OL A.J. Cann
I was OK with Ed, until he started discussing @catturd2 One of the best accounts on  …
New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) talks New Orleans Saints owner Gayle Benson before an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys in New Orleans, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2019. @NOLAnews 
Do people who are afraid of their kids getting weed candy on Halloween know how expensive edibles are just wondering
Keep our guys fresh and free from injury! In Jesus name
Horror is my aphrodisiac.
This kind of guy 
He's pissed about missing those deep shots by inches.... Hard work will pay off, he & the team will be fine.
FLASH GIVEAWAY - x1 @ResellAIO Monthly Key - x1 @SwiftSoleiOS Lifetime Key Retweet & tag a friend to enter! Ends in 30 minutes! 
GGs to everyone we played, got 3rd. I’ve had a blast this whole weekend, huge shoutout to @hitchariide & @Movember for everything
Fake Doctor (Ronald Melly), Arrested in Kenya After Performing 8 Successful Surgeries at Kapsabet County Referral Hospital.
How  connect brand and business strategy for growth to the next level 
be better than the day before. To inspire others and show them that sometimes the only thing stopping you is yourself. I strive to be strong, to protect and to remember what it's like to beat the boss on the first try. Get to it Legion! 2/2
Decent answers... Veterans win #FamilyFeud 
MAZE'S MAGA RIDES! 401 FL & RETWEET @TheMazedog @sapiofox @hogmania2 @Cromag_19 @Boabbysam @45HammerTime @FIGHTEXTREMISTS @Randy79981560 @johnrzme @BamaJeans24 @lostdesertdog @kricklys @DanielKaroo @secretstranger9 @BobBrinson1 
Leo placements on their way to the grocery  …
When it's girls night but @MicroGuardians insist on joining (Cindy) -_- 
"I could kick you down a hole just like a Spartan. Fuck with me and you will never be pardoned. I Push myself to my limits, I'm in it to win it." ~ Neffex, Spartan No rest, have to work hard to get results. What's my motivation? My mental health. My desire to- 1/2 
A special THANK YOU to UNCC @CoachMackUNCC @CharlotteFTBL @coachmacarney @CoachEHicks Thanks @coachmacarney for your time and insight. #UNCC #Niners #49ers 
He was a beautiful Arab boy of 16. My grandfather in Haifa, 1925. He must have begun shaving at 
The Sunshine Sunday Podcast with @Umidahh & @eryncerise has returned! @rinsenpai joins this episode to discuss the release of ALL STARS~ SoundCloud:  Apple Podcast:  Spotify:  #LoveLive 
#SaveFlintChallenge is  improvement social project centered around water relief for Flint, and encouraging people to extend a helping hand  other than their own. Thank you to everyone contributing, listening & sharing our 
‘Cats WIN! @NovaWSoccer takes down Xavier 1-0 behind a goal from sophomore Brice McInroy in the 57th minute! #GoNova 
#CIA’s #GinaHaspel has to have either known about the Whistleblower form change or outright authorized it with her own pen. She is VERY involved... #UkraineScandal
Sit down, buckle up and hold on tight! This custom 1999 Mazda Miata is powered by a 6.2-liter V8 Hellcat engine and has been featured on @GasMonkeyGarage's social media and @TheHoonigans Daily Transmission. Lot 149:  
Great weekend in the 
Thank you to all the Vets who are voting  Your opinion matters so much. Thank you for your service.
Danny Green on playing with 
we STAN a king. he is unbelievably generous, and we somewhat have the same stories both getting recognized out of playing random duos.
wonder what it’s like for someone to be all for you & that’s it
A super fun  I made for @LeonOfTheLys of their gorgeous Nilia!! T.T 
TOO MORE DAY'S BITCH -  ADMIN 
. @KingBobbeJ thought he had @JustinaMusic until she clapped back at him and his squad 
Have decided to support the institution of marriage after realizing it gives me an excuse to wear dramatic 1950s gowns that weigh more than I 
Browsing Twitter 
We Titans can decide who to win this show but we don't want cuz its none of our business who wins again...but we can still decide who wins cuz Tacha is Big Sister herself n we own the code #EverythingTacha #Tacha700k #BBNaijaEviction 
Broncos have scores go-ahead TDs with :31 secs left and 1:32 left in two home games....and lost both.
Wheels!!!!!  …
You know I love you guys! I'll let you know on IG when I'll blast @whydontwemusic #WhatAmI #Limelights  RT if you're listening + where you're 
Now they have each other again, I'm cryiiing #RWBY #blakebelladonna #YangXiaolong #bumbleby 
ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID* ME: *SLURPS JUICE THAT MAKES ME STUPID*
Thank you 
They all  …
ok but let's talk about Normani's immaculate side profile. the model truly jumped out. absolutely 
tried to make an aesthetic fanart for skeppy,, I think it turned out okay :) [ @skeppy 
Neutral observer with no dog in the fight: Tony Dungy, on Football Night In America, says he isn’t sure what Jonathan Jones could have done  …
would you let me put my minecraft bed next to 
College is like depressing dude
2019-2020 Upperman Lady Bees 
What is Dom Smith planning to do in the off season? "I'm gonna work my butt off" 
i hate this “left out” feeling. i feel like i’m the only one ethan hasn’t followed yet. y’all, i’ve been trying all fucking day and nothing. i’m incredibly happy for my mutuals who got his follow tho love u
i just found a knife in my bed
Even after a win...  …
I enjoyed my time w @CoachChrisAsh guy can coach football and will be coaching Again very soon. Thank you for all your support towards our @RUWrestling program. Forever grateful!!
Harry Potter fans- What is your Hogwarts house?
These boys are why the West was wild! @RealKiefer Sutherland, #EmilioEstevez, @ChristianSlater and @LouDPhillips in YOUNG GUNS II (1990) — 8p and 12a ET on 
#NewProfilePic Plus 
Nagy doesn’t have much of an update on Trubisky. Said he didn’t know if the shoulder was dislocated.
29... @RudyGiuliani proclaims, is for a criminal investigation of Huntrer Biden that does not exist. How do we know? The timeline of events, the statements of Yuriy Lutsenko, the prosecutor general and longtime member of the prosecutor general's office, and frigging logic. How...
Never be EMBARRASSED by shit you go through in life, shit happens JUST DONT FOLD
Your first-place 49ers. With the Rams' surprising home loss to the Bucs, San Francisco sits alone atop the NFC West  
Friendly reminder that retaliation against a whistleblower is a federal  …
All three of these women became mothers in the last two years. All three of these women became world champions tonight. @realshellyannfp @allysonfelix Liu Hong Nothing but respect 
I’m in bed and it’s not even 6 pm. I’m am beyond happy!! Alarm set for 4am as it’s the 1st day of shooting #jannonctv tomorrow! @CTV_PR @janncreators I’m gonna read my book for an hour #thenameofthewind which is epic! @PatrickRothfuss
day two hundred seventy seven.
Yes! That’s my Milani  …
#Rush Let A Rush Of Finances Come Into Your Accounts
not the best 
The Bucs win a shootout to move to 2-2 on the season. 
cant 
My good friend Brent from St. John in the Virgin Islands shared this video with me of a thunderstorm that he captured last night with his 
men are trash (except my bf)
This network is all about total immersion in the Word. It’s one faith message after another. —Pastor George Pearsons @PastorGeorgeP #VICTORY #VICTORYthon
this cow is listening to out of the woods and thinking “she lost him but she found herself and somehow that was  …
TJAY BROUGHT OUT AAMBJAY ON THE @highhempwraps STAGE. OMG
Looking forward to hearing how dissatisfied the players are with the fans this week.
forget mario kart, fun run is the true 
Jesus looked at them and Said, "With man this is impossible but with God all things are possible." (Matthew 19:26) When there seems to be No Way~Jesus Said He will Make a Way! Praise God! 
High pressure will bring sunny and dry weather for Mon & Tue, but it looks to be a little chilly in the mornings (30s to lower 40s), especially S Interior. Frost is possible in the S Interior, so be sure to protect tender plants from the cold. 
How yuh fi a be so judgmental and yuh nuh stay 
Loved the winning environment. Thanks @queensMBB for hosting the Elite Camp and having me 
THE TRUTH HURTS...KURTZ Trump’s gotten a million times the exposure he deserves. He’s a serial liar. A raging narcissist. A sock puppet of the Federalist Society. A Golden Calf for Evangelicals. The most dangerous buffoon ever installed in the White  …
 is legit and it felt amazing to finally meet so many viewers and friends at #TwitchCon. 11/10 meetups, would hug again. LAST NIGHT OUT - LETS GET BUSY.
If #RonaldReagan & our #FoundingFathers were alive today, they would all be so proud of you! #BestPresidentEver45 #GodBlessYou 
Playing Grand Finals vs coL + Karma here really soon! Tune in and donate! @Movember Links > To donate:  … Stream:  Hashtag: #TSTMO
UFOs Ghosts Bigfoot Chupacabra Loch Ness Monster Things that have more credibilitythan bogus #GOP talking points: Uranium One HRC emails Biden/Ukraine Deep State Obama bribed Iran Trump's economy Socialism Death of Seth Rich RIP Ivanka's diplomatic skills #VoteBlue
Apologies for the long rant, but I'm angry on behalf of the place I grew up and the people who live there who are being so ill served by the army of well-off and powerful people who have led them down the Trumpian, authoritarian rabbit hole of angry victimization.
“Shout out DJ. Go DJ. That’s my DJ.” 
Iker I love 
I swear I’d take a bullet foh my mom, even it we on bad terms. That’s my queen
Replace the restaurant scene in Goodfellas with this (via 
Because the MAGA hats would kill him, of  …
Brian Sabean’s two youngest sons save some souvenir dirt by home 
daily reminder to any fellow youtubers reading this, fan accounts are only there to support you & if your ever  with it, say it POLITELY and true fans will 100% understand! <3
Even I have to tone down aggression because that is my response to passive aggression. I don't like it I don't like snarky or shady behavior. It's rude and many try to act like they're not like that. I fuck up when I let those people get to me instead of clocking it properly.
If I was Andrew Marr, I’d be saying “ok if you *weren’t* fucking, *why* did you give her absurd start-up 100k of public money? Where was the business plan? In the teapot?” Of course this may be why I’m not Andrew Marr. 
The guy who played Mr Feeny is still alive.
the stillness of this video. and the quality? i’m not okay.  …
Lil Andy was an original member of A Flock of Seagulls. At the time they were known as A Flock of Scheergalls. #AndysResume 
y'all are BERNING IT UP!!!:WO0O0O0OW!:We've got 1 hour and 10 minutes left to make calls. I believe that, "WITH THESE HANDS" we can get to 375,000 calls before we wrap up tonight. What do you say? Who's with me?! Have a few minutes? Come 
Niggas Reaching On Me 24/7 Me: 
#myasu If you want  check out Regions & Amazon tomorrow, class excuses will be provided! So no excuse not  get Plugged In with opportunity! #myasu23
This past three years, we’ve seen dark days in the White House. We saw @realDonaldTrump abuse his oath of office  treason.
BIG SALUTE TO @757_MoJo BEASLEY SAYS @URLTV will have a Big Update for the APP where you can watch Battles on Tablets and Other Devices....and a SECRET CARD APP GANG ONLY EVENT: BEASLEY SPEAKS ON SECRET CARD AND URL APP UPDATE  via @YouTube
Where do I get a novio? IKEA? Costco?
Archangel Michael's Day! To you warrior, we ask you to illuminate with your blue light, the victorious paths that we build today for the happiness of the Homeland. Protect us with your miraculous sword from enemies who seek to take away the [...] 
Okay but where is my king? Ryan luv you are running late we miss you 
This September blizzard has brought some farmers harvesting to a halt here in Southern Alberta.Milder temps next week should see a melt. @westernproducer @weathernetwork @9812dayFM #harvest19 #southernab #agriculture #crops #prairies #september29 #blizzard19 
Alexa, play gods country by Blake 
The Rams lost leaving the 49ers #1 in the 
Would die to own this 
If I  …
We didnt care much for you either Ereck  …
The fastest women on the planet. We need her speed to save the planet. Bravo 
Just a few hours ago, the @SFShock became the #OWL2019 Grand Finals Champions! Let's take a look at some of today's highlights!  …
Important update per Brind’Amour’s conference: Jake Gardiner is “Gards” and Ryan Dzingel is “zings”

Somebody's in a mood. Didn't make par, I  …
#RettSyndromeAwarenessA Big Thanks to @washusoftball & @gorloksoftball for joining us today to help spread 
Stop. Just stop. Take the whistleblower and Adam Schiff out of the equation and we still have the transcript YOU released. It shows you were withholding promised financial assistance in return for a “favor”. Don’t forget, Rudy spilled the beans in national TV, too.
My my how time has changed  …
Dude you’re melting down in front of hundreds of millions of  …
I’m gonna pretend gilbert is doing all this because he’s mad at anne but that’s just not like him and he seemed actually interested in that girl which is even worse
Two-school towns facing challenges keeping up on the football field  …
Kim! Myungjun! You beautiful beautiful beautiful talented human being.. #엠제이 ^ #MJ - @offclASTRO / #아스트로 / #ASTRO / @jp_offclastro 
His nails  …
Woo! Today, a Bernie barnstorm happening in Silicon Valley in Sunnyvale in Ro Khanna's district. That's a lot of people, and more people were  in! #groundgameforBernie  …
Thanks for the offer @RecruitCCU!!! Grateful for the opportunity!!! Blessed!
We don’t impeach maps, though this one is actually wrong.
Plot twist in your #WIP? The worst is when the writer leaves zero clues. "Ms. Scarlet did it with the knife in the observatory because she's nuts!" Best is when the clues were there in the open all along like The Sixth Sense or The Usual Suspects. #amwriting 
We will be deleting this tweet as is actually looks bad for Biden and not for Giuliani is we initially assessed.  …
some of y’all are fucking stupid man. imagine not being attracted to somebody because they’re overweight. i don’t believe that that’s a “preference” like how can you be put off by size? fuck y’all ya mama AND ya kids
So, for years we have seen Articles for Impeachment in plain sight! 13K lies is enough to impeach in my book! Make this one  …
And I know the @nzherald will think, “here’s another whiner who doesn’t want to pay for news”. Think again. I subscribe to the NYT and Guardian. I buy the Economist and the Listener. I contribute to podcast patreons . 

Just found these and oh boi so many good 
i wonder what the love of my life is doing tonight?
Wow just WOW! I wanna give a huge shoutout to one of the most generous and coolest dudes in the @NBA2K_MyTEAM  @B_Street_Bully just slid in my DM’s with an Xbox code for #NBA2K20 ! He didn’t have to do that! I truly appreciate you for your generosity! 
If anyone still needed proof that no one should take advice from celebrities, here it is.
Jetstar will introduce direct flights between Melbourne and the Margaret River region. 
Pride gatherings aren't much my jam bc I don't like festivals and get overwhelmed easily, but there are 14 year old queer Naruto running so their pride capes flutter off their shoulders and all is right in the world
The TL is so peaceful without sbwl twitter
Kanye really lied to us... for the third time. 
409Sports Blitz Game of The Week West Brook (4-0, 1-0) vs Beaumont United (4-0, 1-0) Friday 7:00 pm, BISD Memorial Stadium Series: West Brook 1-0 Last Meeting: West Brook 45-10 #409Sports #txhsfb @WestBrookHS @BmtUnitedFtbl @CoachPeevey @UnitedSection 
#LIVE: Kyler Murray recaps today’s game vs.  …
Me: honestly I'm so happy being single. A relationship doesn't fit in with my plans! I'm not mature enough in many ways to handle a relationship healthily! The song The Way You Look Tonight: *plays* 
still thinking about 
meanwhile in the flathead valley ... 
RT all my RT’s so the radio stations see it more and more! #PlayWhatAmI I’m retweeting when you tweet your local radio stations!
not to be soft on main or anything but i’m so lucky to be apart of this  
who wants to ask me on a date and then that turns into more dates and then we have a nice healthy relationship? ah ha ha just kidding.... unless ....
Damay ...  
The only way it’s gonna last is if y’all are both praying over it  …
We can’t wait to meet you my little love, Cason Lee Chapa. 
There was a time, during Congress rules, supporting a Hindu cause was unfashionable ! Times have changed so dramatically ! Now, opposing a Hindu cause in unfashionable ! It is due to unity shown by Hindus since 2014 ! Let us not forget this and further consolidate ourselves !
if y’all wanna follow & support my journalism account that’d be sick ahahahah  …
Being spoiled All year long... 
Old school One Piece ma 
Oh c'mon! 
MW Montage - I Get Them Racks $RTs Appriecated!!!  
Rereading my drunk texts in the morning like  …
If you attack someone because their taste in an RPG girlfriend is different than yours, you should really step back and take a good look at your priorities. Not everyone is gonna have your 
When they ask me if I paint my 
Private schools say abolition would be 
Found our people in San Francisco Who Dat! 
I do not want to live in a reality where @AndrewYang is not the president in 2020
Please don’t try to flirt with me, I am emotionally damaged
Trust me......even then, they’re  …
From my friend in Montana right now....Meanwhile in Texas and Georgia 
In what was most likely Brock Holt’s final at bat, his first base coach Tom Goodwin celebrated his base hit with a hug. 
Trace Cyrus 26-year-old posted selfie on Instagram and despite it being a shirtless one there was barely a trace of skin showing. The Metro Station guitarist is covered from waist to neck people who've been abused tend to cover their body with tattoos much like a 
Guess which group of people can't make money on  …
I mentioned in this most recent pod that I liked #Bills TE Dawson Knox over Zay Jones in every single personnel grouping. Better blocker and better receiver. I don’t care that he’s a TE. Knox needs to be made the third target in this offense right now. He can play.
So let's just name this whole thing what it is: @realDonaldTrump simply does not know what the Constitution is nor what it states. This ignorance has been demonstrated time after time.
Day one is in the books from William R. Johnson Coliseum! We caught up with @coach_keller12 to get his thoughts about our first practice of 2019-20! 
Watch Dororo. Don’t sleep on that anime. Just wanted to promote more anime. I want nothing in 
I love all the elaborate reasons  up with for being blocked when the truth is.. you’re probably just annoying.
ATTENTION: I will be wget-ing all criticism of my thread about rms over the next few weeks and will filter out those made on non free devices
No racist shit but if she’s not black I don’t want  …
I wonder about that. Sometimes I think it's because some folks don't know it's bad. Other times it's because some folks don't care cuz they don't believe in astrology fr fr. A smaller #? Just want to watch the world  …
“Aye man I’m tryna get like you” -every black man after recieving 
Zion Williamson, wearing a Jordan brand tee, is the voice of the Cowboys vs Saints SNF on NBC pregame hype video. He declares himself a ‘proud new member of the Who Dat 
Got told “you’re my favorite pickle baby” before they took a picture with me Which one of y’all did this
Arab girls in their room after their parents refuse to let them go to the 
hate feeling like i’m bothering somebody so i’ll just remove myself.
Why nobody want me 
. @SFranklin5 showin' love Fan Appreciation Day x 
Put some money in my pockets then maybe I’ll speak 
Syhunt Community 6.7 - Web And Mobile Application Scanner  
I want them all indicted.
Strange isn’t it, 20 years later AND on the ‘eve’ of #Brexit , that #CharlotteEdwardes decides  out with this story. I find the timing of the accusations very telling!! So that makes me question their  …
Hellow FST, thank to you too, have a happy week 
Imagine being under federal protection FROM the president of the United States. Can we say we are now in a Constitutional crisis?
Do it!
 … Massive fire spotted in Jeffrey Epstein's Island..
Solid division win at home 
My division picks after 4 weeks AFC: East: Pats North: Browns West: Chiefs South: Jags NFC: East: Cowboys North: Lions West: Seahawks South: Buccaneers
Having guy friends that don’t make shit weird &  for you is top 10
comedy is talent so that's not even a drag. not everyone has the talent to make people laugh like winner  …
Canada has had 15 mass shootings since 1885. The US has had 252 since January 1st. The same video games are sold in Canada. #Trump #ImpeachTrump #MAGA
Some people are  switching your sleep schedule for
flat  for @Fan777Zelda of a big miss kitty all fat n putting on a little 
if you do this or get turned on by it. unfollow me immediately.  …
This is amazing. Most athletes, show this kind of emotion behinds the scenes because of personal failures. It’s great to see Alonso savor the 
Fucking Marx and Engels were pointing out the effects of industrialization on the environment in the 1800s. This is a crime of the bourgeois class, not “boomers”
Your man go pay 150 for Urban Sunday, now he Dey search 10 cedis buy indomie. Life
Mrs. Huth Jackson (Clara Annabel Caroline Grant Duff), 1907 #sargent 

Scott Pelley: “Do you expect the testimony of the whistleblower?” Rep Adam Schiff (D): “Absolutely ... we have an agreement that he or she will testify, 
this makes me so happy 
HISTORIC and UNPRECEDENTED FALL HEAT WAVE! 3.) This will likely turn out to be the longest stretch of 90+ degree weather in #Cincinnati during astronomical autumn in RECORDED HISTORY. Right now we are forecasting *6 to 7 straight days of 
new avi 
Everything feels better with Acid Stag Radio:  feat: @clnmusic @saintbarae @flumemusic @iamkucka @slow_shudder @hvncoq @sebastianpaul__ @dandliondlion @farr_music @AsantePhenix @imdonneil @joyamooi @BIIANCOmusic @moregiraffesplz @KlingandeMusic 
If your gf isn’t bullying you to have skincare self care days with her then she doesn’t love you bro
don't you ever just wanna wrap yugyeom's 183 cm ass in a blankie and lull him to sleep
Congrats @EddieDHondt! You and @BillElliott9 did an awesome job today. I know you have to stay calm and collected up there. But that had to have been pretty exciting watching that unfold. Helluva win today!! #di9 @Hendrick9Team
Had a great time at EKU this weekend!! 
Canadians struggling to pay for their medications can't afford more broken promises. We need leaders who will side with Canadian families and follow through on   …
Derrick Goold is an actual hero. Good on him, prayers up for Mike Flannery, and this is a good opportunity to remind everyone to be as prepared as you can be to assist in an emergency where required. Incredible. Much love to  …
September snow piles up in Oregon’s Cascades; Timberline Lodge gets 11 inches  
my next update (october 13th) is going to have: •spooky scrunchie restock •lil coraline mystery box •wire wrapped rings •spooky mystery goodie bags this will be my last spooky update for the year!
The scenes inside the #NERevs changing room....electric. As we left, Wilfried Zahibo and Luis Caicedo danced up a storm, beers in hand.
He should be arrested for child endangerment. This is disgusting. And even if the baby was STRAPPED IN with 839292020 straps. Over my dead body would I allow this to happen. There's no reason to put a child through that. What are they going to do? Enjoy that?  …
With this cold I just want to sit wrapped in a blanket or stewing in a hot bath.
bigger the forehead, bigger the heart 
rt to join a homophobic army gc no rules excpet dont be 
he looks like a little kid that just got a scooter for his birthday and is trying it out for the first time 
Crooked Joe Biden is panicking. His campaign is contacting news networks and begging them to stop booking Rudy Giuliani. He can't explain his family getting $1.5 billion from China or millions from the Ukraine, so he now wants Rudy  …
,,,,,,,anyways stan my non problematic 
It's strange how if you're in the private sector and run for President chances are you need to quit your job or take a leave of absence to run. If you're in government you don't. It kinda tells you how much work our Congress does.
You left your heart in San Francisco, and we’ll forever cherish it, and make sure you’re never forgotten. Thank you Bochy, for three trophies, for endless hours of hard work, for putting the city and fans first, for being a father figure to players For everything. 
Who wants to run a slate to take over labour leadership in this country.
#imagine you’re boyfrand drags you by you’re leg through the hotel. “no bodeez in my lobby” mr. mostbee says. so you’re bf spins you a round in the air then yeets you into a garbage can as he yells “KOBE!”
Me, thinking about today's game if Akiem Hicks had 
wings would smack
I booked room & Xmas lunch @HydroMajestic Next day I was told there were no accessible rooms in hotel. I had to cancel booking (Mum on walking frame). I'm told lunch won't be refunded due 2 cancellation policy. Poor form given they don't cater 4 all potential clients. @BlueMtsAus
Prominent Kurdish director, filmmaker and photographer Kazim Oz will be tried in Turkey on Tuesday, on terror-related charges dating back to 2010. If found guilty, he could face a seven to fifteen year jail sentence. @oz_kazim  …
Don't go wasting your emotions! Go see Mamma Mia with me! #WeAreGR  …
How do people have the energy to hate??
Hey maybe the Sanders campaign should start drawing starker contrasts with Warren on  …
Selling @Brehze settings. DM if interested.
Wow lovely!!! I'm not going coz I don't have the money but pls I want you to take the video of whatever Davido will be doing over there.  …
I think we people need to get over ourselves. Do we actually believe we are important on Twitter? Look at your likes and interactions. If we only were as important as we think we are. Taking yourself too seriously will give you health problems. But each to their own
Okay guys so let's say that I'm hypothetically tired of school, and I hypothetically need a sugar parent to buy me things. How would I get one, like... hypothetically
Trying to reach 200 followers but need help from my leafs family #leafsnation follow for a follow !! Go leafs go #leafsforever #goleafsgo #toronto #leafs #torontomapleleafs
The reflects on his award-winning season and reveals the family tragedy that struck just as the team was faltering #pantherpride 
take your clothes off we need to talk
You're missing the greatest night of the f*cking week, Kristen. It's called #laundrynight. Learn to love it. #ad  …
It's gibberish. There are fundamental differences in the role and structure of a government vs a business that make "run it like a business" inherently  with proper government functioning  …
Real patriots in possession of  choose country over party. Unfortunately, the Republican Party is in short supply of both real patriots and  It is going to be up to the rest of us to save democracy as we know  …
Marigold and her 
Rock n Roll Express and @tanahashi1_100 air guitaring. My life  
I can’t wait to listen. When I saw @cultofpedagogy’s email titled “Not Your Grandmother’s French Class” I thought “oh, I hope she interviewed someone really good like @MmeBlouwolff!” 
#Dance2ENDALZ co-host @stormewarren channels the late Bob Ross. Thank you for joining us tonight, Storme! 
just look how goo they 
Did you know: Joe Biden’s niece avoids going to prison for running a $100,000 credit card scam Democrats privilege, it means as a Democrat you  the crime of your choosing and avoid jail Such as: Hunter Biden Hillary Jussie Smollett Joe Biden Obama Menendez

Lived my best life yesterday! Saw @BetoORourke at #TribFest19 & spoke with him about my son & #SpEd. Then volunteered with fellow #TeamBeto members @delilah_agho @SistasgonResist & @trisha_lewis at #VotoLatino signing up lots of new Texans to #TurnTexasBlue! #Beto2020 
Congratulations @samuelpupo_surf on securing your first QS 10,000 Win at the Ericeira Pro! 1 step closer to the Championship Tour. #VaiSammy : @WSL 
Krazy Frankie @the @DimeMtl contest today via 
“21 21 21” - 21 savage 
Going into this week, the Rams defense had allowed 212 passing yards per game, 1 TD pass and an average of 8.43 fantasy points per game to quarterbacks. Jameis Winston beat them for 385 passing yards, 4 TD passes and 29.3 fantasy points.
dr.bronners is just vegan mans 3 in 1 but y’all not ready for that conversation
Nigga can be the hottest artist all they want thats not gone give them the ability to create a great project
A reminder that the president's words have consequences.  
Minshew making those HUGE throws down the stretch while barely being able to walk is just kicking the Mania into another gear. Now at the quarter pole of the season with a 4-way tie in the AFC South. This thing is truly up for grabs & I’m not betting against Minshew
Hog Football Recruiting: Several on Arkansas’ Radar in Friday’s Texas Showdown at Pleasant  …
How do environmentalists propose we heat hundreds of thousands of Canadian homes in the dead of winter? Windmills and solar panels? #cdnpoli
a lot of shit changed me
Best kinda days!
Better safe than sorry. Given Trump’s pathetc, reckless statements about “spies” and “electric chairs” I’m glad the WB is (if accurate) in US Marshal Service protection. I will get in a foxhole and fight the enemy my Deputy US Marshal friends. Barr can not corrupt  …
We want our Football Club back. #GlazersOut #WoodwardOut 
Something Katie does really well in this show is the painful restraint and aloofness of being the queer woman among straight friends (especially one you're in love with) #oliskia 
Kinda spoopy dice #diceaddict #dicemakers #D20 #dicehoard #dicecollection #dicegoblin #dice #diceporn #dnddice #dnd #ttrpg #rpg #rpgmaker #critter #criticalrole #handmadedice 
Such a joke. European peoples are perfectly aware that they have not control what so ever on €. @Lagarde instead of spreading fairy tales please answer this simple question: where are the 4.000 billions € injected into the economy by the #ECB since  …
Since I don’t have a boo , dang babygirl cute af !!! 
#TwitchCon is so fun 
Thank you @keaneofficial for a truly amazing show. You were incredible @RoyalAlbertHall 
. @TheSimpsons is five minutes to Season 31 and still not married!
One of the many ironies here being that Sohi was *actually* licenced to drive a bus.  …
our bill for brunch was $600 im never going out again
The @JoeBiden Campaign is begging media outlets to stop booking @RudyGiuliani. This is what they do not want you to 
How can someone look 20 and 40 at the same time
She’s so pretty 
I’ve been putting in work , and it shows So grateful for being introduced to this opportunity . I was going to write something super long lol, but actions speak louder than words . P600 Loadinggg #London2020 #tradehousebarbie #forextrading 
I saved the frog. I don't think I should have, but the frog did look at me like...WTF?
The Gators have now broken the  record (Trask – Towson) and  percentage in a game (Franks – Tennessee-Martin) this season.
thot
Finally: Stop making the inclusion of POC contingent on anything, including your need to perform White Activism. And know that inclusion is not the same as equity. (12/end)
And I got a colorful aura like I 
I have not supplied election manipulation technology to anyone. I hacked a voting machine with my friends @revshellcorp so we could play some DooM. This is surplus from the Defcon hacking  …
O Allah, You are Most Forgiving, and You love forgiveness, so forgive me. Ameen
Wishing all my Jewish brothers & sisters a happy & sweet New Year!* #ShanahTovah *exception to anti-Zionist Jews.
Don’t make plans with me that you can’t follow through with... that’s one of my biggest pet peeves
Sunset at the lighthouse 
Oooo, #synthfam, help us break into the top 10 music streams on #Mixer 
Grateful by 
me @max before and after he yells at 
Some of us will never  George Michael 
Girls really buy athletic clothes just to not work out .. It’s me, I’m girls
I would pay $20 a month just to stream Jazz games. I would then sign up for Disney+ and not need cable. Maybe one day! #Jazz #NBA #TakeNote #DisneyPlus
Wow. Just watched. Not sure the #UFC could be more biased for Adesanya. Basically the whole countdown felt like a hype piece for Izzy. Lame sauce  …
waiting for your tabletop players to all appear on 
I am Soooooooooo  …
Void Elf Commission! I'm sorry for this twitter cropping... #voidelf #wow #worldofwarcraft 
Happy  Week!! Congrats to Ntombi &  – at South Sioux City High School
Notice my notif, dude! :)
If anything this is just more encouragement to leave it on when I’m wearing a dress or formal attire  …
Amped. I am so amped right now for @ReddsHotTags hosted by @loret826 @WKatCrook @mgreer423 @AlisunJane... CANNOT 
I hate people that smack when they eat . Like close your mouth
my dogs got their own 
Also  that all of you with young people in your lives who like Billie Elish gift them with some Fiona
after a long day of reading animorphs and avoiding people i like to relax by reading animorphs and avoiding people
High Calorie #Hamburger #Skyscraper #Fakefood 
Ever experienced love at first 
I need this  …
The McDonald’s cup is my greatest 
great seeing your squishy cheeks and that your healthy and okay Jiyong 
to @VeronicaKoman, you claim to be an activist in Papua, but when Papua fluctuated, where were you ?? when many lives are lost where are you ?? if you love Papua, you should be in Papua, soothe those who are burning with anger, don't just rhetoric and tell stories on social media
Folks...this president is going hair on fire insane. It's only a week on, wait until its 2 or 3 weeks. I bet he tries to shut down the Intel Committee or Congress. He can't take the pressure. Either that or  …
yeah the initial, incorrect, coverage is what most people remember
France has turned into a hotbed for terrorist, has been over run by immigration, losing its sovereignty, doesn't pay its fair share for protection all the while this moron is offering 15 Billion to Iran intervening against sanctions imposed on Iran by the 
People make time for what they want it’s that simple
Stop asking us who the whistleblower is. We're not telling. Unless you get us Eagles season tickets baby go birds!!!!
Is eating placenta vegan
Also, if you need somebody to help you learn the true meaning of Star Wars, I got you covered: @BarackObama was and always will be a true 
BREAKING: 2k has installed a hit stick (via 
ah yes, double 
She has her dads smile. Hope things work out for him in Italy. Being closer to his daughter will surely help. Good luck  …
I while back I saw this girl post a photo of this dainty gold anklet with her mans name on it and I still think about it bc how fucking cute. I would 100% wear a dainty lil piece of jewelry w mans’ name on it if he wanted
Suffocate me. 「Anime: Brave 
Caption this 
i’d LOVEEEE to be apart of Bella & Co. I’m an Influencer AND freelance MUA in 
To  in the innovation space we need to get faster at bringing together the innovation flash to bang. Here's how @DrCathyFoley @CSIRO thinks we can get there #DEFAus19 
Them : you drink so much Me 
Life has verifiably never been better for people. Hollywood Millionaires: ThIs Is tErRiBlE LiFe Is PaIn If you're worth more than 10 million dollars I don't really want to hear SHIT from you. Go back to dancing clown, that's what you're here  …
@RepAdamSchiff, the rep from my district in CA, was not pretending to quote you. He was being theatrical to make a point. I’ve seen ADA’s recite lines from the Cat In The Hat during opening statements on a murder trial. You’re just mad that he can read and you can’t
Jags QB Gardner Minshew had 213 yards, 2 TD, 0 INT, and 97.2 passer rating,  the second QB in NFL history to have a passer rating of 95+ in his first four games, joining former Redskins QB Mark Rypien.
i’m the bad lil vibes he be talking bout! 
wonpil to brighten up your day! #데이식스 #김원필 #DAY6 
No one : Harry getting my notifications telling him to follow me 
Talks have officially broken down between CUPE, the province and the Council of Trustees' Associations. Work to rule begins tomorrow. And, we stand with  …
I tell myself this so  …
190929 - most adorable cr. 
the flowers made this 
The tag titles were supposed to be defended everywhere. I think it’s time  to Full Sail. #VXT 
Thank you @Broncos for Shaq
This is how drunk I am supposed to feel after the Que suite BUT I GUESS NOT THIS YEAR  …
Y’all have no clue what these guys go through to get out there & entertain y’all. Whew-If only u knew; I’m so proud of all of the guys across the league but ESPECIALLY @ThomasDavisSDTM! You are a warrior! Putting your bodies on the line-really for us; your family. We love u TD!
My PC is all packed for when we move tomorrow and I’m not gonna have it for like a week while we wait for it to get to our new place AND I AM SUFFERING. What does it feel like not to work for a week?? This is gonna be awful. IM STRESSING
every fucking post 90s paranormal sorry for some reason: the lycans. the lykae. the children of the moon. the moon clan, the lycanthropes, the lupus, the canis lupus, the curse of the moon, the wolfen, ME: 
#GoBeavs official visitors @Trevorpope20 and @silasbolden5, possibly the next great WR duo at #OregonState?  …  … #BTD20 @AngieMachado1 @BlitzAdam  …
what if I never get over you
Why did you say nothing about decades of CIA and corporate drug dealing and money laundering and mortgage fraud - about assassinations and false flags - why all of sudden an objection to gangsters? We have allowed gangsters to run this country for decades.   …
Good night and sweet dreams Maria and friends and a happy new week ahead for you and all. 
Sounds like they REALLY don’t want people talking about  …
jaebeom in That one vlive be 
That face you make when you’re relegated  
Another great review from The Geekiary:  … #SeisManos
Anyone needs pashminas?
Just remember: some people talk to you, just so they can talk about you
And if they dare impeach President Trump it will no longer be a cold Civil War, it will be a damn hot Civil War and it will be in the streets and then the halls of Congress. We will not sit back and allow our president to be  …
Idc how big or little it is don’t lie to me about it
When I spot a huge spider in my 
Post-Dispatch's Goold helps save man's  …
Top GOP lawmaker defends Trump, claims Ukraine calls shows president is looking into Russian interference  
‘Bout dat time! #whodat 
All I ask is u keep it a buck wit me thru the good bad, beautiful n ugly !!!
0.1% of the work I do is photo shoots & interviews & TV segments, but that’s what most of the world sees. 99% of this work is late night conference calls, email sessions, meetings, and all of that nitty gritty behind the scenes stuff that makes up the backbone of all 
when i say park jimin you 
